TEMPEST AT WAR Disclaimer: Not one Elf, man, or modern world. Rating: T for hard war; if faint of heart, then I suggest not reading. Summary: Thranduil Oropherion lives his life as a Homicide Detective in NYC. Everything is going smoothly until unexpected visitors arrive on his doorstep and he is needed to play his role as Mirkwood King again. Not AU. Dagor Dagorath Story. Part of Green Leaves Universe. I wasn't happy with the previous version of this story, since I grew very much as a writer between then and now. This story, is therefore, being rewritten. Enjoy! TEMPEST: MODERN AGE PART 1 YEAR 2014 Chapter 1 New York, USA, Everything in his apartment reminded Thranduil of his kingdom. The colours of the living were earthy green and brown. There was a crocheted afghan draped over the ruddy brown couch that reminded him of the seamstresses hard at work in his halls. It was made by no seamstress, but rather an old kindly woman who lived next door and took crochet as a hobby. The curtains were light green in colour, accented with dark green leaves embroidered on it. His love for swords didn't fade; a real sword with blunt edges rested on its case on top of the short bookshelf in his living room. The kettle whistled on his stove. He pulled it off and poured the water. He added crushed coffee beans to the water, and swirled the water with a teaspoon until it turned dark. He picked the remote lying nearby. He switched on his stereo; lively music filled the apartment. Thranduil picked up his mug of black coffee and ambled towards an open window. A smile graced his features as he leaned against the side of the window, letting the breeze caress his skin and hair. He was ready for work; dressed in blue full-sleeved shirt, sleeves rolled back to his elbows and finely creased pants. He smiled down at the sight of his wedding ring, adorning the index finger of his right hand. Among the other rings he customarily wore, the marriage ring was lost but only Thranduil knew of its significance. He never intended to stay this long Arda Marred once he returned from Aman. But he couldn't resist. Time brought about many changes. He watched the world change. There were skyscrapers instead of short houses, large cities carrying millions of people instead of small settlements of hundreds, vehicles that drove themselves instead of horses. He looked up at the sky, bright clear blue without a single cloud in the sky. He remembered when he first took a plane for traveling. It was a breath-taking and exhilarating experience. He took another sip and gave a silent sigh of satisfaction. He rested his head against the edge of the window and closed his eyes. He relaxed comfortably. The sound of his cell buzzing ruined the moment. He gave an inward sigh and checked the ID. He grinned when he saw a familiar name. He answered the call and pressed his phone against his ear. "Can't I just enjoy my coffee in peace and quiet for once?" Thranduil asked before the person on the other end had even the chance to reply. The person on the other end of the line chuckled. "I know you never like to miss a murder." The voice said. It was undoubtedly masculine, with an American accent and a droll of someone who was raised in the harsh environment of the Bronx. Thranduil took a small sip before asking. "Who died?" "Don't be so happy about it." The man chuckled. "In our line of work, everyone's dead. We can't be grumpy about it, Riley," Thranduil said dryly. He continued before Riley said anything. "Where is this murder?" "Come down Central Park and you can't miss us." "Okay, great. I'll be right there." Paris, France, A golden haired Elf sat on a table outside a café. He was handsome to look upon, tall and lean, with muscled arms showing from his half-sleeved white polo shirt. He wore brown pants. He sat back in his chair, his back facing the café. His light blue eyes wandered over his surroundings with unusual alertness. He wasn't alone. He had companions with him, men and women who were just as young and beautiful as he was. They were ten people in total- six women and four men. Grouped together, they were intimidating because of their chic looks. Sitting on wooden cushioned chairs surrounding polished wooden tables made them look as if they were picture from a brochure. "We are sitting out in the open." The man sitting to his left addressed him. "Legolas, this isn't safe for us." Legolas looked up and pocketed the fake ID card in the back pocket of his pants. He looked up at the Elf who spoke to him. He wore his black hair short, but slicked back from his face. His face had sharp lines, making him look stern and harsh. At the moment, his face was morphed into worry. "I know," Legolas said softly. "I am well aware, Fion. But they'd think twice in attacking us in such a crowded street." "He is right." Dorián, Legolas' close and childhood friend, said. Dorián sat on the other side of Fion. He was dressed in blue shirt and jeans, and he was the only one among the males who didn't cut his hair short. His black hair was tied in a pony, trailing across his back. He brooded with his arms crossed over the table and his chin resting on his arms as he watched the tourists pass by with a forlorn expression. He looked up when the waitress came with a large tray laden with full steaming cups of coffee. He passed her a small, wan smile as she began serving them before returning to his thoughts. One of the women reached over, took his coffee and added the sugar according to his taste. He threw distracted smile towards, and flicked a stray strand of her silver hair back her ear. The woman answered it with a matching smile of her own, before she gave him a pitying expression. "It'll be alright," she whispered to him. Legolas smiled bleakly and traced the rim of his mug with his finger. With his other hand, he flipped the fake identification card idly between his fingers. "This place is so different." He looked up, at the young-looking woman sitting across from. She was black-haired, pale-skinned like him. He could see the ghost of his own features on her. A marriage ring flashed on her index finger, similar to the one his father wore. "It is, mother." He conceded. He uncrossed his legs and took his coffee. His numb fingers warmed around the cup. Legolas took a slow, luxurious sip from his coffee. He gave an inward smile. The coffee was bitter to the taste, with barely a quarter of a teaspoon of sugar in it. It was just the way he liked it. He remembered having trouble sweetening his coffee, long ago when he lived in Ithilien Forest, where Faramir introduced him to coffee. They used honey instead of sugar, and since honey was sweeter, there were times when Legolas mistakenly added too much to his taste. "It has indeed, Arodien," an Elf with a narrow face and eagle-like movements assured Legolas' mother. His name was Thorontur, an Elf who once served Oropher before serving Thranduil when the kingdom fell on him. "It is not easy to believe this is the same place where the Elves once walked, where the Ents once lived." "Where the Dwarves' hammers rang, and the Hobbits lived peacefully in the Shire," Legolas murmured. "Yes, it is difficult indeed to imagine it that way." Time changed Legolas in many ways. He went from a curious child who found himself in difficult places to a young adult fully capable of mischief, to a responsible prince, and later to the mature role of a father and husband. That was the reason why he left behind many of his antics. At the moment though, there was an entirely different reason why they didn't indulge in their usual light banter. Hunted. That's what they were at the moment. They lost their pursuers far behind. But every minute they spent here in the café was cutting their time shorter. The wake of danger didn't leave them yet. All the men were armed. Even the women bore weapons of some sort. They needed to take a flight to a destination where they hoped to receive some form of aid. He felt a brief touch on his hand and he looked. Életh, his wife and love, held his hand. Her light blue eyes met his in concern. She tugged on the cloth covering his shoulder and pulled him close to her lips. Understanding what she wanted, he leaned close and ducked his head to listen. "Are you sure he will help us?" Életh murmured softly in his ear. Legolas nodded and pulled back a bit to look at her. "I am sure," he assured her. He twisted his hand free and squeezed her hand in comfort. "We weren't sent here to do nothing. Our allies will have to help us." Életh's pale, smooth forehead creased slightly. She was beautiful among the standard of Teleri. She was tall, very slim, with soft curves and long silver hair braided in a single loose braid. For all her femininity, she was quite capable of protecting herself. She was dressed in loose white camisole and white jeans with brown boots. Their fingers laced together. "What of Aman? Your grandfather can hold on for so long." Legolas' assuring smile faded. His brow furrowed slightly. His head lowered, his thumb absently stroking over the back of Életh's hand. "He'll be fine." He said at last. "I am sure, that with his resources and the combined help from the Valar and the rest of the Elves, we can make a stand in Aman." He hesitated. Even his assurances sounded weak to his ears. He cleared his throat. "He'll be fine." He said, more firmly this time. "All of them will be." Életh rubbed her free hand over their clasped ones. "And what of your father? How will he react to us being here without him knowing?" Legolas laughed and leaned back in his chair. He lifted his clasped hands and placed his hand around his shoulders and her clasped hand in the front. "Oh," Legolas said, chuckling. He pulled his wife close and rested his cheek against her temple. "Don't worry. My… 'Old man' can handle himself." Crime Scene, Central Park, New York. "Thank you." Lee said, grabbing the coffee straight out of Riley's hands. His partner said nothing but merely pulled out another coffee from the coffee tray resting on the roof of a car. He had learned some years back that Lee would take coffee, regardless if it was for him or not. "You thankless-" "I thanked you." Lee said, throwing a grin over his shoulder. "Now, come on and show me why I had to wake up so early." "We have two victims, found by one of the cleaners here. Female victim's name is Lisa Harding, and male victim's name is Esposito Abate." Riley said, walking beside Lee. "Man and woman found dead, so far no witnesses turned up." "God, this coffee is terrible." "I drank from it." Riley said, grinning. Thranduil narrowed his eyes at his friend. "Did you spit into it too?" He demanded, with slight humor in his voice but Riley continued to grin. "It is quite possible." Riley drawled. Making a face, Thranduil thrust the coffee back in Riley's hands and took the untouched one from him. Once he was assured the coffee was untouched by taking a sip, he changed the subject. "And where are these two victims?" He asked. "Over there." Riley pointed. Thranduil sobered. The crime scene was placed in a small