Author's Note: Kindly note that this is only friendship. Please respect this viewpoint. Any form of abuse is not tolerated. Disclaimer: Do not own Lord of the Rings. Original characters belong to me. Enjoy! :) ~S~ Set six years after the War of the Ring. Forest of Ithilien. Gondor. Part 1 "He lives," shouted a laughing sentry, who had made his post high up in the trees. Legolas looked up from his table, expecting to see Aragorn trudge up to meet him. Instead, much to his surprise and delight, he saw a cloaked figure come up. "Of course, I live." The Ithlien Ranger muttered, loud enough for the sentry to hear, who laughed merrily. The man peered up, squinting in the sunlight. "How can I not, with you elves singing day and night? My word! Your voices never tire." The sentry grinned down from his tree. Other sentries slowly joined him, eager to participate in the argument. "Forgive us, Lord!" The sentries cried. "But the War is over and the Dark Lord is dead. It is time for us to be merry and sing!" "But the War was six years ago!" Faramir exclaimed. "Years are nothing to us, Lord!" The elves cried. "Six years are but a passing moment to us. We will celebrate for many years to come." "By that reckoning, I will be long dead before you tire." Faramir replied, his eyes twinkling in merriment. "But I believe I will be hearing your songs even after my death!" The sentries laughed, immensely enjoying their light banter with the Steward. Legolas coughed lightly. "I believe my sentries are on duty." The Prince said mildly. Hearing the gentle scolding, the sentries withdrew, still chuckling. Legolas turned his head towards Faramir, who walked up to him and placed his weapons against the leg of the table. "Is it really so troublesome?" Legolas asked, referring towards the singing. "I can tell them to stop if you wish." But Faramir was already shaking his head. "Do not listen to me." He said. "I only complain because they enjoy it and I only argue because they enjoy it. I meant it," Faramir added, raising his hand to silence Legolas' next words. "Ithilien needs to be loved and flourished as it should be. Even if it means listening to your singing. Every. Single. Day." The Steward added, emphasizing the last three words. Legolas smiled softly and let the matter drop. Faramir leaned forward and glanced at the charts and maps scattered over the table. "A war council?" Faramir asked wryly. "I assure you, my friend, my complaint to your blasted singing is not at all that serious." Legolas laughed and pulled the Steward closer so that he could see the map better. "In truth, my friend," Legolas explained. "We are actually hunting down a group of orcs that have been troubling us of late." "You and your heightened hearing," Faramir said wonderingly. He had heard nothing of orcs from his men. The Ranger moved towards the maps, studying them more intently than before. "So, what seems to be the problem?" The elven commanders smiled, their regard for the Steward growing. A good leader must know when to give his full attention to the matters at hand. One of the commanders gestured towards the map. "Our scouts spotted a small band of orcs near the River Anduin. We did not give them heed much, for they were only ten in number. But we soon spotted other orcs making their way slowly into the forest. They met together in one place here," the commander tapped his finger on the location. "And now we have roughly fifty orcs. They are ruining our game and our water supplies. And they killed one of our scouts." The commander's face became grim. "We have yet to recover his body." "They are quite aggressive." Faramir noted, frowning. The orcs were on the elves' side of the Ithilien Forest. Ever since the War, the orcs had been aggressive in the beginning but as time flew by the aggressiveness soon stemmed and now, most of the orcs flee rather than fight. "They are quite desperate." "Indeed," Legolas agreed. "So what do you intend to do?" Faramir asked. Again, the respect the commanders had for their elven lord's friend increased to a new level. Faramir had asked what they intended to do. By doing so, the Steward acknowledged that the elves had the upper hand in the matter. "Well, before I bring in my Ranger, I intend to scout that area myself." Legolas said, taking his dual knives that had been lying on the mess on the table and buckling the belts. "After I do so, then I will bring in my Rangers. Are you coming?" "Are you going now?" Faramir asked, surprised. "Aye, of course now! Think you that I will resolve this matter when winter has come and gone? If you want to come, do so quickly!" "I am coming, I am coming!" Faramir protested, hurriedly picking up his own weapons. He did not notice the grins of the commander as they watched the playful banter of the two lords. Faramir followed Legolas as the latter set off at a large pace. Faramir's teasing and complaining voice floated back to the war table. "And you did not offer me any hospitalities…" Part 2 Legolas and Faramir were both dressed in light green and brown colors of the Ithilien forest. Hooded and cloaked, the two ghosted through the trees and bushes, making use of the wind movements and the colors of the forest to blend into the forest itself. As they neared their destination, Legolas and Faramir slowed down their pace and moved more carefully. The sounds from the said location reached their ears and they communicated with one another through hand movements, indicating the choice to just come to the edge of the gathering. They both hid behind the same tree once they reached the said location. Looking over the edge, Legolas and Faramir noted that the orcs had truly been desperate; they ate hungrily. The orcs had cut away the trees and bushes to form a rough clearing. They cannot see more; the orcs were too many for one small space. Legolas touched Faramir's shoulder slightly to get his attention and gestured upwards, indicating that they should climb. Faramir nodded and went first, Legolas following close behind. The two settled on individual branches and looked down. The first thing that the elf noticed was the body of his fallen scout pushed against the edge of the clearing. Legolas tensed in his anger, but Faramir placed his hand on his shoulder. Legolas calmed. Now was not the time. Legolas moved forward slightly, intending to come near to the edge of the branch. But to his utter dismay, his footing slipped and he fell. Fortunately, Legolas grabbed hold of a lower branch and swung safely and noiselessly back on top of the branch. Faramir heaved a small sigh of relief. But the opportunity was far too good to miss. "Did I see a wood-elf slip there?" Faramir teased. Legolas smirked and replied in a low voice, "Any more flippant remarks and you may found yourself in the middle of those orcs, my friend." "Surely, you wouldn't be so cruel." Faramir drawled. "One word of this to the dwarf…" "Would I ever do that?" Faramir asked innocently. Legolas gave the Ranger long-suffering look and smirked but did not reply. His attention had gone back to the orcs. "They certainly make a lot of noise." Faramir commented. Legolas was about to reply when he suddenly tensed in anger. "What is it?" Faramir asked. The elf made no reply but pointed instead. Two women lay, unconscious and bound within the clearing. There was a group of children-Faramir counted five of them- tied to a tree at the edge of the clearing. "None of my people were supposed to leave my domain without an escort!" Faramir hissed. "How on Middle-Earth did the filth get their hands on them?" "I do not think they were without an escort." Legolas murmured, pointing towards the orcs. That moment, Faramir realized just what the orcs were eating. "Oh, please, no…" Faramir muttered, suddenly revolted. The Ranger was too dazed to realize what Legolas was doing. The elf quickly loosened his arm bands and brought his bow forward from his back. "Here," Legolas said, giving Faramir a small horn. "Take this and make your way to the far side of the clearing. I will free the children and the women. When I give the signal, blow it thrice. My company is patrolling nearby, and they will come." "Are you mad?" Faramir hissed, pulling his comrade back on the branch when Legolas made to drop down. "There must be over fifty of them. Surely you do not plan to take them on yourself." The elf looked puzzled. "Of course not. That is why I gave you the horn." Legolas said reasonably. Faramir gave a vent of exasperation. He could never understand the elf's path of reasoning. "But they will take time in coming! We must go back and call them." "By that time your people will already be dead. We have to act now." Legolas said before adding, "Besides, I am sure we can take on a few rogue orcs." "A few!" Legolas raised an eyebrow, "Come now. Surely you have noticed that they have not yet detected our presence." Faramir started to protest but stopped. Truly, the orcs were making so much noise that they hadn't even realized the presence of two tasty preys right above them. Faramir looked back at the elf, who was grinning. "You are mad." Faramir decided. Legolas' grin grew wider. "I knew you would see it my way." Legolas replied. Legolas dropped down on the soft floor, his feet making no noise. Drawing up his cloak about him, the prince made his way around the boundary of the clearing, making use of the trees and bushes to obscure his movement. Faramir watched the elf for a while before descending the tree himself. Not blessed by the elves' silent ways in fieldcraft, Faramir was more careful as he slowly lowered himself down the tree. He crouched and crept forward, taking a route at the edge of the boundary. He chose a tree that was thick enough to hide him. Faramir peeked out from the edge and searched for Legolas, but he found no sign of him. Suddenly, the elf appeared beside the bound children. Though the elf was not talented much in concealment, he could be very stealthy when he needed to be. Faramir watched as the elf took out his knife and cut the children free, whispering a little to calm their fears. He gestured towards the forest, indicating that they should hide in the trees while he and Faramir took care of the orcs. He saw Legolas hesitate slightly. The women were too far from the edge of the clearing and they could not be freed while arousing suspicion. But if Legolas went into a straight attack, the women could be caught in the middle of the battle. Regardless, the elf would have to make a decision quickly. Twilight was approaching, and Faramir would not be able to see in the dark. In a few moments, it seemed that the elf had reached his decision. And as Legolas rose from his hiding place and brought his bow up, Faramir stepped out from behind his tree and let loose a blow from the elven horn. Part 3 The orcs were momentarily stunned as one of their own fell from Legolas' arrow. Their heads turned towards their intruder and then again in the opposite direction as Faramir let out a clear blast from the elven horn. Faramir dropped the horn and stepped back, pulling out his bow as he did so. Orcs raced towards him, wielding their blades as they came. Faramir took down four or five of them