Water Lilies Summary: In the late Third Age, Gondor exchanges series of attacks with Umbar. The corsairs threaten the coastline and Princess Ivriniel is tasked to bring aid to affected town accompanied by Captain Argon. Mutual aggression turns to friendship... and perhaps something more? Disclaimer: Not one journey. Rating: T for war themes, relief effort and a hint of romance. (le gasp. I know.) All of my stories are interconnected unless stated otherwise but you do not need to read one to understand the other. My stories are now available as a list in chronological sequence on my bio. For Certh, who wanted an Ivriniel who did not follow the prudish norm of fanfiction. :) Enjoy! ~S~ Bay of Belfalas, Third Age, Her thighs and backside ached. But complaining would be unseemly. So she held her tongue and did not say anything. Besides, at least she had a mount. Some of her company travelled on foot or on the uneven journey in one of the carts. Her mare plodded onward faithfully. Normally, she was spirited but today she sensed her mistress was not in the mood for games. "The roads are clear, my lady," Ivriniel's loyal guard told her. "That is a blessing in itself." "Even if they weren't, we have no choice but to press through all opposition," Ivriniel answered calmly. The waves slapped against the rocks near them. She rode further from the road, letting the wagons on it instead. Ivriniel and her escort rode alongside them on their horses. The wind from the sea fluttered her hair into her face. Ivriniel caught them and curled them behind her ear. Some found their way into between her lips. She tugged them impatiently. "Brave words from a noblewoman. But they do not seek brave words. Only relief in these hard times." "They do not seek it, but they expect it." Ivriniel answered. "They look up to us. If they see fear, then they know something is gravely amiss." Argon's lips curled with distaste. "I am no noble," the man muttered, his heavily callused hand resting on the hilt of his sword. Ivriniel cast a wary eye at him, and silently agreed. In lineage, Argon belonged to a family that were so remotely related to nobles that he owned neither titles nor property. In fact, the family of nobles he was related to often turned a blind eye to his family simply because they did not hesitate to marry among the commoners. In conclusion, he was the minor son of distant relative of a noble. His family worked as merchants and sailors. Argon had the honour to join the Swan Knights. From there he ascended the ranks until he became captain. In looks, he was not handsome but he was charming. He was built tall with fair skin, but his thick, straight black locks and beard along with his brooding brown eyes enhanced his features. A scar slashed through his eyebrow and down his cheekbone. There was another cut underneath his right earlobe, currently hidden under the mass of his hair. Ivriniel saw him spar with other Knights a few times. His body relied more on strength than on speed when it came to a fight, but that did not mean he was clumsy. He was broad shouldered with a broad chest that tapered down to narrow hips and long legs. Argon noticed her gaze was on him and gave her a questioning look. Ivriniel looked away and studied the path before them. "Is something amiss?" Argon asked curiously. "Not at all." "You seem preoccupied." Argon pressed. "What are you thinking about?" "Nothing of importance," Ivriniel replied. "Highly unlikely," Mercifully, Argon did not press her further. They stopped on the way to rest the horses and have a meal. They broke their midday fast on a light meal of preserved meat and fruits. Argon kept her company, since she had no other companion beside her. "I was thinking about what you said, about the common folk looking up to nobles." Argon began. "Truly?" Ivriniel asked with feigned surprise. "I never expected you to think." Argon gave her a look and that was all. If it were someone other than Argon, she may have felt some remorse. Instead, she felt a smug thrill. Argon's eyebrow twitched but that was all the emotion he betrayed. "If what you say is true, that the commoners look up to nobles, then the other lords should have accompanied us." Argon remarked. Ivriniel tried not to snort. "Their beds are more comfortable than a ride for a good cause. That is all that matters to them." She retorted scornfully. "Ah." That all Argon said. Ivriniel glanced at him suspiciously. "If there is something else you would like to say," she said. "Then come. Say it. I am not the kind to be easily offended." Argon's lips twitched. "Even when I have something to say?" He asked dryly. Ivriniel smiled. So Argon noted her struggle to keep composure every time he spoke. "I will try," Ivriniel conceded. "But I cannot make a promise I may not be able to keep." Argon answered with a deep-throated chuckle. "In your position, I would have said the same." He conceded. "I cannot seem to help myself around my lady." "Indeed." Ivriniel did not deny that his confession brought a warm feeling. "Now speak what is on your mind?" "I meant to ask that if nobles loved their beds more, then why is it that you spend your time on the road? You can be safe in your palace, minding small affairs and listening to idle gossip." "Someone must go and help the people." Ivriniel reasoned. Argon's lips twisted in what she gathered as distaste. "If glory and fame is what interests you-" He began. "Not glory or fame," Ivriniel corrected. "It is merely duty and compassion. It makes the fruits of what you sow even sweeter." Argon fell silent. Ivriniel glanced at her from under lowered lashes. The man had a peculiar look on his face as he studied her. The silence stretched out between them until at last, she spoke. "You do not approve?" Ivriniel asked. Argon tore his eyes away. "I simply misjudged you. That is all." He said gruffly. "There is more on your mind." "I merely think that you are now of the eligible age to marry and have a family of your own." "And why is that?" She returned. "Why must I marry and have children?" Argon turned to look at her again, his eyebrows raised and his eyes intense. "You do not want your own children?" "The question is rather why I am obligated to find myself a husband." She challenged. Argon's lips twitched upwards slightly. "Mercy on any man who considers you for a bride." Argon said darkly. "But I am not considering you for one and I will take your bait. I will rephrase. Marriage and children is the part of living a full life. Why not follow it?" She passed him a smile, even though his words of not considering as an eligible bride stung her. "The real question is; what is living a full life? Is it marriage and rearing children till old age or travelling far places for exploration? You see, living a full life is a relative term." Argon leaned forward on his knees quickly. Ivriniel leaned forward as well in alarm, assuming he was suddenly afflicted with some pain. But then his shoulders quaked and Ivriniel caught a glimpse of his face. He was struggling not to laugh. "Sometimes, I would consider my life lived to the fullest if I could only have you whipped." Ivriniel muttered plaintively. She sat back as Argon leaned back and roared laughing. "I am not laughing at you, my lady." Argon said, choking on amusement. "I was only surprised by your bluntness." "I would hate to be misunderstood." Ivriniel replied. Argon gave a deep-throated chuckle. "That would be unfortunate." Ivriniel paused. "And if it is necessary to marry in order to live a full life," Ivriniel added. "Then why are you unmarried?" "There is a very simple reason to that, my lady." There was an impish sparkle in Argon's eye that warned her he was up to no good. But Ivriniel found it hard to resist. "Oh and why is that?" "Because I do not need a husband," he replied, deadpan. Ivriniel was surprised into a laugh. "And the union will be wholly ineffective, not to mention, repulsive." Ivriniel laughed and shook her head. "You are insufferable." "Oh, I assure you, my lady, my company is welcomed in many circles." He returned playfully. Ivriniel smiled at him. "Well, you will refrain from speaking me about these circles. I am not the kind to keep unsavoury companions." Argon raised an eyebrow at her superior tone. It occurred to her that he understood what she meant. Ivriniel also realised Argon was not the kind to back away from a challenge. "If you mean tavern wenches, my lady," Argon said slowly, with galling bluntness. "I do not visit them, nor do I encourage their company." That sparked Ivriniel's interest. Such a thing was nearly unheard of, since many would mock the man for impotence. "And why not, since you spoke so honestly?" "I hold the unpopular opinion that the marriage between a man and woman is enough for intimacy, if both play their part. I am content to wait until I am wed." "It is an unpopular opinion," Ivriniel agreed. Then she smiled at him. "But not wholly an unwelcome one. Still, I suspect you will settle for a bride from the city, perhaps a daughter of a merchant or a girl from the flower shops. The nobility would find your opinions laughable. They are wrong, of course." She paused, ignoring his amused smile. "You are far from what I expect of a noblewoman, my lady." Argon said with a deep-throated chuckle. "I would not have such a conversation with one." "Well, I agree. The conversation, for once, is amiable." Argon laughed. Ivriniel waited for his laughter to fade into an amused smile before she continued. "Well, I certainly hope my future husband shares the same views. I shall brandish a poker if he strays." "I have no doubt you would." Argon said wryly. "I shall warn the man of it." "I will thank you for it." "A happy wife makes for a happy life." Argon remarked. "The old sailor's saying! I assume you hear it often." Ivriniel said. "Of course. Many of the Knights are wed." "Is there any other that you know of?" "Happy is the man who finds a true friend, and far happier is he who finds that true friend in his wife." "Beautiful," Ivriniel approved, "King Aldor's words. Other than a conqueror and a just king, he was also a writer of poignant works." "I have read a few." Argon agreed, "In the library of Dol Amroth." "You have an interest in books?" She asked. Argon's smile turned wry as he reminisced. "My father was keen on making sure I learned how to read and write. I was given tutors to teach me... If I pulled the time away from picking fights on the streets." The image of a young boy with black hair and gangly limbs appeared in her mind and she smiled. "I expect you were a handful. How did he manage you?" "I was more than a handful. I was a like a rabid dog that needed rough handling. My father used to thrash me." Ivriniel's lips pressed together and a crease appeared on her forehead. She hated the idea of hitting children, even the unruly ones. Argon grinned at her expression, guessing correctly what caused it. "I was very wilful." He said earnestly. "I needed discipline. Truly. Or else I would have spent my years on the streets and died in some open sewer before I reached twenty-five." "That would have been a pity." Ivriniel