Disclaimer: Do not own. Rated :Hard T for violence and mentions of rape. This takes place before the story "Frolicking in the Woods". Flames are not appreciated. If it does not suit you, kindly press the back button. I am not a professional author, so kindly keep a polite tongue if you wish to review. ~S~ Thranduil's Halls, Greenwood, Early Third Age, "Another day," Thorontur commented, sliding the plate of fresh tarts in fronts of Legolas. "How is the King?" "Father seems to have improved." Legolas commented, taking up one of the berry tarts and studying it. He took a bite, enjoying the flavour. "You must have noticed as well." "Well, I did notice him sleeping properly now." Fifteen years. It had been fifteen years since the Last Battle. Elves were not one to forget easily, and the terrors of the Last Battle were still fresh on everyone's minds. Thranduil, coming to the crown on the battlefield, along with everything else, was affected the most. "You do realize there will come a day when he will be irritated by the fact that we discuss him every morning." Legolas commented, taking another bite. "I will bless that day," Thorontur said wearily. "It hurts seeing him like this. I liked him better when he was fighting with the trees and driving me insane." Legolas chuckled. "If it helps, I saw him chatting with Mithon last night before retiring to bed. Whatever Mithon had said, my father laughed to it. I think he is reverting back to his old self." "He still won't take Oropher's room." Legolas sobered. "You can't expect him to." Legolas said. "I think a part of him still hasn't accepted that grandfather is gone." Legolas finished his tart and reached for another one. Thorontur's canary flew over their heads before settling on its customary perch beside the table. It sang a few sweet notes. Thorontur absent-mindedly stroked it with his finger. "Nevertheless, I do hope he realizes that he is king, and he has the right of the king's chambers. I haven't allowed the servants into Oropher's rooms, only to clean it. Even his clothes are still there, along with his books and other things." "I know. I saw." "You needn't be here, you know." Thorontur said, pulling away when the canary tried to rub her head against his cheek. "Your father is doing better than before. And I know your heart is in the forest." "I am fine, Thorontur." Legolas commented. He finished the crumbs sticking to his fingertips. "My father is always my first priority, even more so now that he is king. I will go to the forest when I see my need has finished. Besides, father, I think the Halls seem to have improved." "Improved?" Thorontur asked and then shook his head. "I sometimes think we forget our sorrow too slowly. There is still some despair hanging over these Halls, and that will not change until our king's demeanour changes." "He is getting there." Legolas said adamantly. "You can see the change." "You are right, I do." Thorontur said, soothing Legolas' ruffled feathers. "I simply miss him being himself that is all. Have some more." "No thank you." Legolas said laughing. "Your lady makes excellent tarts, often making me wish that I did not need to keep so fit. Anymore and the Rangers will have to roll me out of the Halls and into the forest when the time comes. I think you should go now." "You are not coming with me?" "Not this time. The new recruits need training and I am leading it." "Ah, the prince finally sees some of the outdoors." "Some, though, not all. Just the training grounds." Legolas said, laughing. There was a screech as he pushed back his chair. "Enjoy." They parted ways outside Thorontur's rooms and Thorontur made his way to the king's study where he found Mithon, Thranduil's Guard, waiting outside. "Is he well-rested?" Thorontur asked after they greeted. "I did not take notice." Mithon said. "I checked in on him at night. He was asleep then." Mithon gave a sudden coughing fit. Thorontur recognized it too easily. "What is it?" He asked warily. "Nothing." "There has to be something, Mithon. I spent disappointedly long time with Rangers to know when I am being mocked." "It is not that," Mithon said hastily. Then there was a small smile. "It is a running jest among the Guards that the king's advisor hovers over the king like a mother does a sick child, no offense, my lord." "None taken," Thorontur said dryly. "That sounds exactly the kind of thing the Rangers would say." "That's… where we heard it from, my lord." This time Thorontur gave a broad smile. Things really were settling down, as Legolas suspected. "Is he within?" He asked. Mithon nodded. "Stay put," Thorontur added the unnecessary command, "And keep your cheek to yourself." "You know no one can over here." "Hm, that must be why I always have to remind people." Mithon's soft chuckle followed him inside the study. Thorontur hid a smile when he saw Thranduil lounging in his chair. After coming to his Halls, Thranduil often opted for sober colours. It was only recently that Lady Berethil, Hanon's wife, managed to wrestle into the maids who laid out the king's clothes and tailored some lightly coloured clothing for the king. Galion started to oversee the maids. At the moment, Thranduil was dressed in light blue and white robes, with delicate embroidery of white birds done on the shoulders. The colour and design suited Thranduil. "What do we have to do for today?" Thranduil asked when he looked up and saw his advisor. Thorontur glanced at his face. Gone was the mischievous smile. Thranduil had become more solemn after the War. It did not suit him. "Work, work and work. And we need to go about the Halls for it as well." Thorontur said. "Let's get started." For Thorontur, work came easily to him. It comforted him. But not everyone shared his love to serve. At night-time, it was only when Thranduil rubbed a hand over his face did Thorontur realized with some guilt that he had pushed the inexperienced king too far. "Thranduil, you do not have to-" Thorontur began. "I am fine, Thorontur." Thranduil passed him a tired smile. "I am fine. Truly." Thorontur glanced at the candles and realized it was far later than he thought. Oropher was known to burn the midnight oil when it came to his kingdom. While Thranduil was just as dedicated, it did not mean he needed to do it. These days, Thranduil's nights were fragile. If anything kept him awake, Thranduil would stay awake throughout the night. Legolas will not forgive him for this, he thought. "We can do this tomorrow." Thorontur said. "Thorontur-" "We can do this tomorrow." Thorontur repeated firmly. "I will not be dragging your tired body all the way back to your rooms." Thranduil laughed. "I am not that tired." "Right, and I recall you not sleeping properly." Thorontur said. "If there is anything that will kill you, my friend, it is your lack of rest. Come. Up, up, up!" Thranduil did not move in spite of the insistence. "I sometimes see my father, dead on the field," Thranduil said. "That is why I cannot sleep." Thorontur did not know what to say and before he could think of a reply, Thranduil got up and cast an amused look at his advisor. "Remember that you encouraged me to sleep in my early years as king when in the years to come, you will chase me down the Halls in an attempt to get me to work." "I will conveniently forget we had this conversation later on." Thorontur answered flippantly. Thranduil only smiled, suddenly looking much younger. Just as they moved to leave the study, however, Mithon arrived. "Yes, yes," Thorontur said impatiently. "Tell Legolas that I am taking his father back to the chambers where he belongs for the night. There is no need to reprimand me." "That is not why I am here." Mithon said. "There is a man who wishes your audience, Sire." "He can rest for the night and have it tomorrow." Thorontur said. Thranduil did not move. "Who is he?" Thranduil asked. "He is from the woodsmen from the south of your forest." Mithon said. "He says it is urgent. In fact, he pleads for an audience." Thranduil raised his brows but said nothing. "There must be a reason to the urgency." Thranduil said. "Also, the woodsmen live by the forest but they have always kept their distance. This must be important. Thorontur, come with me. Mithon, how did he come here?" "He had a horse, he said. But it was old and died on the way. He ran the rest of the way." "And he did not rest?" "Only if he needed to, and by looking at him, I doubt he rested even then." When Thranduil entered the throne room, it was mostly empty, except for the guards standing by his throne. They snapped in attention when Thranduil entered but his eyes were on the only man standing in the middle of the room in front of his throne. Exhaustion was written on the lines of his face. He was young, barely a man, in fact. Thranduil guessed he was probably in his early twenties. There was an old scar on his chin from some accident and there was light stubble growing along his jawline. His hair was dark brown and the man wore dirty, travel-stained and rough clothing. He was fit, but he swayed on his feet. "Get this man food and drink, and a chair to sit on." Thranduil said as soon as he saw him. "He is practically falling." The man gave a hasty bow that Thranduil accepted with an incline of his head. The servant in the shadows left. In a moment, the man was provided a tray full of food set on a table on the side. The man wasted no time attacking it. None of the Elves cared. With the War still fresh on their minds, they remembered the intense hunger and thirst that came with battle. "Men from the East," the man said after he took a few morsels and washed it down with the offered goblet. "They came down on us without warning. They killed our most of our men, but they left our game. They took our girls instead. They said they… needed them. We have no weapons to defend ourselves with. We are peaceful lot. And none of our men are in the shape to go after them, except for a few and they are outnumbered. But we knew the King of Elves would have an army at his disposal. My lord, we ask for your help." Thranduil looked at the man for a long while. "The Men of the East are beyond my borders," he said slowly. "Your people I will send help to. I will dispatch my healers, allow you to hunt deeper into my forest for a limited time but to pursue these Men-" "My sister," the man burst out. "My sister was taken among them. Please. She is only ten summers old. She is just a little girl. My da always said the Elves treasured their children. Please. Help us bring ours home." Thranduil glanced at Thorontur, feeling troubled. This was a plea directly from the heart. The man was emotional, and it was clear he was desperate enough to beg . "How many did you say these Men were?" "Fifty, I think," the man said, a light of hope flickering in his eye. "Perhaps, seventy at best but no more than that." "And what weapons were they carrying?" "Spears, swords; the jagged ones they prefer." Jagged ones; the type to cut through armour and flesh, but the woodsmen had no armour. Thranduil knew them to be small, harmless settlements, keeping to themselves