Author's Note: Constructive criticism is welcome. Disclaimer: Do not own. Story is my own. Dedication: Dedicated to the children of war... to the orphans... to the young ones who were caught up in the war with no one to take them in. I cannot hug them from such a distance. I cannot wipe their tears away. Here, I can offer them only this. ~S~ Ithilien Forest, Gondor. They could only see through the back of the wagon, what with both the roof and the sides being covered by a heavy cloth. Their wagon jumped and lurched as it went over the sharp rocks over the road. "Alright, me ducklings!" He heard their caretaker's jolly voice sound over their heads. Constance was their caretaker and head of the orphanage. She was nice enough, a jolly young woman who had been kind to any child who found himself or herself at the orphanage's doorstep with an adamant heart that their folks would come to pick them when in reality… there was no one for them. "Look over here, little ones!" They jumped once more when they went over a hard rock and they heard Constance's husband yell, "Sorry!" from where he was driving. He turned just in time to see the black-haired caretaker deliver a hard punch on the wood separating them from the driver's chair, making it vibrate. He and the other children erupted into a fit of giggles. "Oi, Amdir! Watch yourself, old goat!" "Old!" Her young husband cried indignantly. "I will show you all old!" This time when the lurch came, they grabbed on to some support just in time to keep themselves from hitting their heads against the iron support holding the cloth above their heads. They heard Amdir cackle in front of them. "Alright, listen well, little ones!" Constance called, rubbing the crown of her head since she was not fast enough to grab on to something. "I do not want you all running off here and there when we get off, all right? We will stay together. Some of you will go with my old, goat-like husband." The younger kids rewarded her with a new set of giggles. "I can hear you, you know!" Amdir yelled at the front. She shook her head, smiling in good humor before continuing. "And others will go with me. If you want to see something, then you ask for permission from me or Amdir first, then if we have the time, we will take you there. No exceptions!" She said sternly before brightening up her face with a smile. "Now, do you have any questions?" "What are elves like?" One of the girls piped up, removing her thumb from her mouth. She clutched a ragged doll in one hand, her round face showing she was nearly five or six summers. "Well, what do you think they are like, little kitten?" "Searos said that the elves are tall and fair with flowers in their hair." Constance laughed. "Well, me duck, we will see when we go there, shall we?" "Can we meet the ladies?" "We will see." Constance promised. As soon as they got off the wagon, they heard laughter mixed with excited chatter. The elven city was breathtakingly beautiful. There was a variety of wood used in the buildings. Some of the buildings were a brown so dark that it was almost black. Other buildings were made with greyish to dark grey wood. The trees were connected with each other through bridges, with banners hanging from them shiny in material and in the colors of green, brown and gold. Most of them were the city's symbol, side by side with a young leaf unfurling but pierced by an arrow. "That is the elven prince's emblem up there, me pets!" Constance sang over their heads. "He rules this city, you know." They saw elves around them, laughing and talking. They passed by an open smithy, where there were elves working and hammering. They had swords and armors and other weapons. They found elves wearing identical garments that seemed to be their uniform of green and black with pots of feathers and warmed wax in front of them. They were fletching arrows. Everywhere, there were men, women and children gawking at them as they worked. At one corner, sitting on a high platform and a canopy above them were a few musicians, playing soothing music as the people roamed about. Then he smelled the fresh scent of wet earth, so rich and earthy. At once, he turned for it. There was a large area over which the elves had laid old rugs on and arranged tables around the area. The tent had no walls; just a large cloth held aloft with ropes and firmly placed sticks. The elves working there wore old clothes, with their sleeves rolled back. Ceramic pots, plates and other utensils decorated some of the tables. "Do you want to go there, little duck?" He heard Constance ask him. He turned to see her bend her knees slightly to come to his eye level. He nodded breathlessly, excitedly. "Come, little chicks! Let's see what those elves are up to." She called to the other children. Without waiting for her to catch up, he ran to the mentioned tent, curious to see what they were doing. The elves were immersed in their work, and they already had a large crowd watching them. The she-elves wore dark brown gowns, with aprons tied at their waists that had pockets sewn to them. Their sleeves were pulled back, and their arms were covered in wet earth all the way to their elbows. The male elves wore similar cloths, some torn and others simply very old and unkempt as they worked, the state of their arms the same as the she-elves'. Some people came in front of him, blocking his view and he huffed in annoyance. Ducking his head, he pressed between different people, taking advantage of his small height to pass through and get to the front. He could finally see again and he took a few steps forward than anyone else, partly out of curiosity and also to keep the same thing happening to him again. He first looked at the black-haired, slim elf that was squatting on the ground in front of a bowl. He was holding what was some sort of firm but wet earth in his hands, the pure color of brown so beautiful and inviting. It was circular in shape and long like a pillar. The elf got up and placed it on a round turning table with a sound like a slap vibrating through the air. The elf sat down in front of the turning wheel, one leg on either side. He used his hands, running it over the pillar of wet earth, before dipping in his thumbs at the top of the pillar. Slowly the pillar began to swell, until the elf could place his entire hand into it, one hand remaining outside to keep the shape of the vase. It started with a wide neck, and then the elf dipped his hand into the vase lower till its width was greater than that of its neck. One hand stayed outside, maintaining the shape of the vase and keeping it smooth. Finally the vase took on its final shape, becoming extremely wide around the middle. It reminded him of the large vases that Constance kept in a shelter, filled with water and kept cool in those ceramic vases. "Come along children!" He heard a woman's voice rise up. Constance! He thought in recognition. "Let us go and see what other things are there in this festival." He stuck out his lower lip, lingering as he watched the elves work. But then he felt Constance touch his shoulder. "Come on, little lamb. It is time to go. There are desserts." The appeal of desserts was strong but his wish to stay at the tent was much stronger. Still, he shuffled away, clutching onto the woman's girdle. He could smell the fresh scents of baking and cooking wafting down from the tree houses. Tables were arranged near the roots, with fresh food placed there to eat. There were more ladies here than their men. One of them seemed to be their leader. She wore a rich green dress with a circlet resting in her black, braided hair and she was large around the middle. Two hounds padded after her, following her around faithfully. Constance, it seemed, also thought she was the one in charge because she went straight up to her. They exchanged a few words, and the she-elf shifted her weight, her hands resting on the small of her back as if she was in some discomfort. But the she-elf smiled warmly and nodded in agreement. "Come over here, me ducklings! This is Lady Arodis. She has tarts for everyone!" The children shuffled awkwardly forward, the boys hanging back. The girls were somewhat bolder, taking in the she-elf's inviting smile. Then one of the girls went up to the she-elf. She was one of the many five-summers-old in the orphanage. She timidly placed her hand on the she-elf's stomach and asked, "Baby?" The she-elf laughed and placed her own hand on the girl's, patting it, "Baby," she confirmed. All at once all the girls surrounded the she-elf, chattering away at once. "Why don't you go and join them?" Constance asked, appearing beside him. He shook his head. "They are all girls." He said sourly. Constance laughed. All the other boys were making the same faces of disgust and suffering. "Do you want to see where the weapons are then?" She asked. "I want to see them make the pots." He replied hopefully. His face fell when she thought over it, looking serious. "I cannot let you go there all alone." She said doubtfully. Amdir appeared behind her. "It seems your little herds of doves found themselves a she-elf to moon over." The young man boomed, grinning as he watched the she-elf carefully sit down on a bench before letting the girls swarm over and around her. A concerned elf walked towards the expecting mother, who Amdir thought might be her husband. "I will take the lads and show them the shooting ranges and the practicing rings- Why, what do we have here?" He added, taking in the crushed look on his face. "He wants to see the potters." She told her husband. "Potters?" He asked, curiosity breaking through his mood. "Is that what they are called?" Amdir nodded. The man turned one more time to check if their little charges were not causing trouble. He was right about the elf, it seemed. He really was her husband, and the lady shooed him with a reassuring smile before letting the youngest of the girls place her chin on her knees while others tucked themselves easily beneath her arms. Amdir turned his attention backed to him. "Aye, that is what they are called. They work with clay, boy. They turn it into shapes of pots and plates and spoons, and then they let them dry to use." Amdir explained. Then he turned to his wife. "Then let him go and see them. It is not as if he will come to any harm." Constance hesitated, fighting an inner battle before finally relenting. She did, however, push a blueberry tart into his hands before sending him off with Amdir. The young man led him back to the potters. He bounced on his heels once he reached there, trying to get a clear view. Then he felt Amdir bend closer to speak near his ear. "Go forward, young one. But try not to disturb the elves." He nodded and left as soon as he could before Amdir could change his mind. He scrambled up to one potter. Looking up, he recognized the elf as the first potter he had seen. He saw the elf hold an already shaped pot with a