A/N: Watched too much Suits and this happened. The law firm is already busy when Madge Undersee steps out of the elevator. Everyone seems to be bustling with energy and ready to work, despite the fact that it's still 8 o'clock. Madge on the other hand, is sporting a bed head as opposed to her usual bun and she's yet to have her daily cup of coffee. Worst of all, every day is like this at Abernathy & Associates lately. Instead of heading to her desk in the bullpen she makes a beeline for the break room, where surely there's a fresh pot of coffee waiting for her consumption. Not surprisingly, she also finds one of the senior partners sat at a table with her feet propped up, reading the news. "Good morning Madgey!" Effie sing-songs. Of course, she looks perfectly put together and flawless. Her hair is twisted into an elegant chignon and her makeup is impeccable. Madge has always remembered Effie to be composed and collected, and she has no clue how she manages to pull it off while still keeping everything else in order here. Effie puts her high-heeled feet back on the floor and closes her newspaper. "How are you doing today?" Madge shrugs, pulling out her mug from a cabinet and setting it down on the counter. "I'm okay I guess. Haymitch had all the associates working late last night - again, so I'm pretty beat right now. What about you? Any interesting clients, cases lately?" Effie laughs tritely. "Of course not. Corporate law isn't all they make it out to be, Madgey, it's just the same old same old. Tax evasion, fraud, embezzlement, I'm boring myself already." She reaches for her empty mug and slides it across the table. "Fill me up too?" Pouring the steaming hot coffee into their mugs, Madge stirs cream and sugar into her own and hands Effie hers, black. "Thank you darling," she sighs, taking a sip of what was surely her second or third cup. "So..." Madge starts, leaning against the counter. "... If your cases are all so boring, do you still want me to sit in on the Fraser deposition tomorrow?" She taps her nails on her cup nervously. Effie had promised her that if she had all her associate work done by tomorrow, then she could help her with the case, and Madge is eager to stop doing paperwork at her desk and start practicing actual law. "Of course! I'll run it by Haymitch at the partners' meeting, it should be no problem," she smiles, and Madge is so happy that she ran into Effie in the break room. "Awesome," she states, nodding to herself in excitement. "Thanks so much, Effie." "Not a problem, sweetie," she responds. "Oh before you go! You're working reception today from 4-6, I forgot to tell you earlier." Madge groans and rolls her eyes. "Reception? Why? I thought we had a temp for Annie's maternity leave!" "We did," Effie utters, "But he was useless! He couldn't even fax our documents properly so we let him go last week. So now, everyone's picking up shifts since Annie's back in two weeks time anyway. All you have to do is sit there, smile a little bit and pick up the phone once in awhile. Please, Madgey?" "Can't you hire someone else for two whole weeks?" she pleads. If Madge spends her afternoon sitting in reception, she's going to have to stay late to finish her paperwork, and Haymitch will definitely get a kick out of that. "Maybe, but not for today! Besides, you know that your father is in charge of hiring now. Go talk to him," Effie reasons. She stands up and walks towards the door, putting a hand on Madge's shoulder. "Even I'm picking up shifts, okay? It's temporary, I promise." She nods and says farewell as Effie heads back to her office, and realizes that there's nothing she can do about this reception situation. Even if her father is a senior partner, Madge tries to avoid talking to him at work. She knows what the other associates think about her working here, and the last thing she wants is to be accused of nepotism. If only they knew how much her father wanted her to look elsewhere for a job, and how much she had to prove in order to be hired. The bullpen is just as loud as the lobby when she walks to her desk, and for a second Madge thinks enviously of Effie sitting in her private office with floor to ceiling windows. Madge can't wait until she gets promoted to junior partner, no matter how long that'll take. Peeta and Delly are already seated in their cubicles, chatting away. Peeta turns around and smiles warmly at her when she puts down her stuff. "Hey Madge, how are things?" She takes a seat and digs around her purse for some bobby pins. When she finally finds a couple, she holds them in her teeth before twisting her hair up in her bun. "Not really any different from last night at 10:30, really." The blond laughs and nods in agreement. "I know right, Haymitch is on a serious power trip, don't you think?" Delly interjects. "Well this is his firm, I think it's a well justified power trip to say the least." Madge silently agrees, and put the last pin in her hair, fixing the bun to her head and relaxing in her seat. Delly nods to the empty desk in front of Madge. "Where is he? Is he late?" "How would I know?" she asks tiredly. "He runs on his own schedule." Moments after she says those words, Gale Hawthorne bursts through the entrance to the bullpen, still putting on his tie. His signature cocky smile is plastered all over is face and damn him , because he still looks handsome despite his unkempt appearance and entire personality. "Morning everyone," he greets. Some people wave, but most look back at him with apprehension. Gale's brow creases and he cocks his head sideways. "What? What's wrong, is there something on my face?" "You're late again?" asks Madge, which is really the question that's on everyone's mind. He stares blankly back at her and shrugs, laughing to himself a little bit. She rolls her eyes. "So... where were you?" "Wouldn't you like to know." She hears someone snicker from behind the cubicle walls. Probably Marvel, he follows Gale's every word like a blind puppy. "Me? I couldn't care less. It's just that some people would rather not have to cover for you every other day," she scoffs. Silently, she curses herself for how on-edge he makes her. She's not usually like this, it's just that he's so unbearably arrogant and Madge can't stand it. "Why Undersee? Are you going to run over to Daddy and report me?" he snarls, and Madge almost screams. If only she knew what she did for Gale Hawthorne to hate her this much. They were hired at the same time, and ever since, he's been positively awful to her about every imaginable thing. What's more is that they sit across from each other despite Madge's various complaints to Human Resources, because Effie and Haymitch find their mutual animosity absolutely hilarious. Instead of storming out of the office in rage, Madge ignores him completely and begins her work for the day. She nurses her cup of coffee while she drafts one of Mr. Heavensbee's corporate agreements. It's a long and tedious document but she knows exactly what she's doing, and before long she's bringing the documents to his office and working through her next tasks. It's boring and excruciating, but Madge honestly does enjoy it. She's been coming to this office for a large portion of her life, and the way people all work together here never fails to amaze her. Back then, her dad and Haymitch were junior partners and Effie was still a paralegal. Madge would sit at her father's desk and draw on his unneeded photocopies. Effie would give her piggy backs to the break room to eat the cookies that always seemed to be there. Haymitch would joke about her working here someday and the firm felt like such a magical place. In some ways, it still is. The law firm now occupies two whole floors of the massive skyscraper, and it never seems to sleep. After a couple hours of silent work, it's lunch already. She notices Gale getting up from his seat and slinging his messenger back over his shoulder. He grabs his blazer from the back of his chair and lays it over his shoulder while he whistles an unrecognizable tune to himself. Looking up at Madge, he beams at her obnoxiously. "See you tomorrow, Undersee." She tilts her head sideways in confusion. "Going somewhere? It's noon." "Really? I hadn't noticed," he responds sarcastically. "I have some stuff I need to do. Got the okay from Effie already, so…" "But you were researching for the Mason and Tillotson merger, are you going to be back?" "Nope," he says, popping the "p" of the word. "Would you be so kind as to finish it up for me?" "Why on Earth would I do that?" "Because you hate when work's not done, and you think you do a better job than anyone else," he shrugs, as if it's the most obvious thing ever. "No," Madge objects, "This is your work and your responsibility, I'm not going to help you." "Please?" he asks, but it's so fake and teasing that it makes Madge infuriated. "Fuck you." "You wish, Undersee," Gale smirks, and with that he walks out of the office and off to wherever he needs to go. Madge lets out a frustrated cry and rests her face in her palms, her anxiety over all the work she now has to do is building up already. Now she has to finish all her paperwork, finish Gale's and sit at reception for two hours. And if she doesn't finish it by tonight, Effie won't let her be there for the deposition tomorrow and the next opportunity to do something interesting at the firm will surely be weeks away. Madge sighs loudly and closes her eyes to regroup. From across the bullpen, she hears someone laughing at her. "What's wrong Undersee?" Marvel asks, trying so hard to provoke her. "Does Hawthorne have your panties in a twist?" She ignores him, naturally. On second thought, she really is looking forward to sitting at reception if it means getting away from this place. The clock is moving extra slow this afternoon, Madge thinks while she absentmindedly clicks and un-clicks the back of a pen. So far, she's only had a couple of phone calls and a man walking in looking for a junior partner. She gladly stood up from the reception desk to personally guide the man to the attorney's office, because her legs were practically falling asleep. She has no idea how Annie does it. Perhaps she just has more patience than Madge, or likes greeting people and helping them out. For Madge, every ring of the office phone is like her own personal cry for help. She wishes she could be doing more of something and less of nothing. Madge so engrossed in staring blanking at her computer screen that she barely noticed the two kids that walk up to her desk. She hears someone clear their throat and she's snapped out of her trance, looking down at the little girl. She's standing with her chin jutted upwards, and she's holding the hand of a boy that looks a bit older. "Hi, um, how can I help you?" "My name is Posy, and this is my brother, Vick," the little one says. She's rocking on her toes and her hands are behind her back. The older one is standing there awkwardly, happy to let his sister do all the talking. "We're here