A/N: It's finally happening, the Single Parents AU! This first chapter was probably read by some of you when I first posted it a month or two ago, but there were some minor edits (mostly just timeframe stuff), so I suggest you refresh your memory a little bit! Madge Undersee jogs briskly in her painful heels down the sidewalks, into an open street where a car aggressively honks at her. She waves in apology, but keeps walking quickly hoping she's not running too late. This isn't the first time she's been late after school in the last few weeks, and she really doesn't want to make a bad impression on the teacher. Unfortunately when she arrives in the yard of the playground, all the other parents seem to have left and she sees two figures sitting on a bench near the school entrance. Adjusting her skirt and wind-blown hair from her run over here, she approaches them post haste. "I'm so, so sorry Ms. Trinket, my meeting ran incredibly late," Madge tries to explain, but the blonde woman shakes her head politely and shrugs it off. "Don't even worry about it, Dakota and I were just talking about what we did today, what our favourite parts were." Madge is so grateful that the kindergarten teacher is fine with her tardiness and doesn't despise her child. Johanna always jokes that it's a good thing Kota took after her mother, and right now Madge hopes it's true. "Well?" Madge asks. "What was your favourite part, baby?" She's still panting, trying to catch her breath, and when she looks down at her daughter she's swinging her legs back and forth from the seat on the bench. "Snacktime," Dakota answers firmly, looking at Madge as if she can't believe it's even a question. The two french braids she had tried so hard to put into Dakota's hair this morning have fallen out slightly, and loose strands of thin blonde hair frame the four year old's face. Madge rolls her eyes and holds out her hand, signalling for the young girl to take it and stand up from the seat. Instead, Kota gives her mom the little backpack she's been carrying around, and Madge swings it over her shoulder to join her purse and duffel bag she's been carrying as well. "Alright, I think it's time to go, KoKo," she concludes, and Ms. Trinket stands up to in order to bid them farewell. Madge waves goodbye. "Thanks so much, Ms. Trinket. You're a lifesaver." "It's not a problem for me, darling. It's my job." Ms. Trinket explains looking down at Dakota and back up again. "And if you're ever running extra late, just call me or the school, I can stay back and keep her company in the classroom." "I hope it never gets to that point Ms. Trinket, but thank you for the sentiment," Madge smiles kindly, knowing the woman really does mean it. "Please call me Effie, I don't think I can do 'Ms. Trinket' for another eight months," the woman insists and Madge nods quickly, internalizing the name. "Oh and the offer stands for her father as well, let him know." "I will, I'm dropping her off in a few actually." "Oh, alright! Well, I'll see you in a week then, Ms. Undersee. Goodbye now!" Madge and Dakota start walking in towards downtown, mindlessly at first, but after a few moments Kota shakes her mother's hand, begging for attention. "Where are we going Mama?" "Well I was thinking that you'd want to go get some ice cream from the ice cream store. The one with the cow? And then I'll drop you off at your Dad's for the week. Is that okay?" Dakota scrunches her little nose. "Dad's?" "Yup. It's Friday, remember?" "Oh yeah," the little girl realizes, nodding her head excitedly but then frowning the tiniest bit. "What about my bunny? Where is she?" "Happy Bunny is in here, all of the stuff you bring back and forth are right in this bag, okay?" Madge explains, gesturing to the large blue duffle. She had to carry the damn thing around with her all day, to work and everything. But the look on Dakota's face when she remembers her little stuffed friend makes it worth it. "But Daddy said that we're going to eat ice cream and watch movies together, can I really have two ice creams?" Madge groans. Of course, her attempt at being the better parent falls short once again. She decides to choose her parental battles, and fighting out who gets to buy Dakota ice cream is definitely not worth the effort. "You can't have two ice creams silly," Madge laughs. "You'll have to wait until you get to your father's then." So they walk right past the flashy ice cream parlour and Madge sighs to herself just thinking about the mint chocolate chip waffle cone she was planning to buy for herself. It's been such a long day at the office, and the weather outside is on the warm side even for summer. She just wants to unwind, so with Dakota in one hand and three bags flung over her shoulder, Madge pulls out her phone and confirms her plans with Jo tonight with a text. When they round the corner and arrive at the large apartment building, Madge nods her head greeting the doorman, and she nudges Dakota to do the same. The little one complies, waving one tiny hand at him and giving him a bright smile. In the elevator, Madge quietly observes her daughter as the little one leans against the glass walls and stares at her reflection in the doors. Kota looks mesmerized, turning her head at all angles and squinting her eyes. "So KoKo, I won't see you until next Friday, okay? Are you going to miss me?" Madge jokes. Of course, her daughter nods vigorously and doesn't say anything more, but Madge mostly asks the question for personal confirmation. She wants to know that she's doing a good job, or is at least trying to. When they get to the 20th floor, Kota skips out of the elevator and knows the way to her dad's. Madge lags behind, and by the time she gets to the door Dakota has already knocked, waiting patiently for the door to open. It takes longer than usual, and when Gale opens the door he's in boxers and a t-shirt, hair still wet and towel draped around his neck. His daughter extends her arms towards him, so he dips down to pick her up and give her a hug. "Hey KoKo, how's my lovely lady doing today?" he asks brightly, bouncing her up and down and causing the girl to giggle and squeal. "Good, Daddy," she replies while being placed back down on the ground. Immediately she runs into the apartment towards her room, most likely to go play with the toys Gale kept around here. She passes him their daughter's tiny blue backpack and the duffel that they've appropriately named "the weekly bag.". It's not that heavy, just filled with some of Kota's essentials, favourite toys and some shoes. Which leaves Madge standing in front of his doorway, waiting for him to say something. He looks tanner than when she last saw him, probably from spending busy days out surveying constructions sights. "You can come in if you want, you know?" Gale teases, but Madge shakes her head. "No, I'm meeting Jo for drinks in half an hour, so I better be on my way. If I missed packing anything in the weekly bag, just text me." "I know the drill, happens every Friday, Undersee," he mentions offhandedly, and Madge is slightly embarrassed; she was just trying to be a helpful reminder. "Oh also, the teacher, Effie Trinket? She told me that if you're running late or can't pick her up right away to just call her, because she's offered to watch after Dakota if we need it. Kind, isn't she?" "Uh-huh, but that won't ever happen on my end. Thanks, though." He's being cold, he obviously is trying to point out how punctual and perfect he is. Madge sighs. Because she doesn't want to stand there and let Gale verbally abuse her, she begins to walk away feeling unburdened by that huge duffle and happy to only be holding her purse. But Gale halts her, "Wait Madge, I meant to ask you something." She turns on her heels and gives him an exasperated breath "Sure, Gale. What is up?" "My family wants to have dinner next week, on the Saturday." "And I have Dakota that week, right?" "Yeah, I'll have just dropped her off" Madge sighs, but nods. "Text me the restaurant you choose and I'll make the reservation." "No, they um, want us to go over to the house." "What? Why? It's not a holiday or anything, a restaurant in the city is convenient to me, you know that." "They don't live that far away," Gale points out and Madge rolls her eyes obnoxiously. They're both acting a bit like children, but the predicament they find themself in happens to be a childish one. "You know I hate the suburbs, Gale." In the suburbs everything is spaced out and it feels fake. Madge much prefers busy streets and places that are close by, walking distance for her. A trip to the suburbs means taking a cab, which Madge would rather not pay for. "Well not everyone grew up in an uptown mansion like you, Undersee," he grumbles under his breath, and Madge takes two steps closer to him. "I'm doing you the favour, remember? You're the one who can't bare to tell your family that we aren't together anymore. We haven't been together since college, I can't believe we're still keeping this up." "It's just dinner, Madge, don't make big deal out it," Gale points out, somehow implying that Madge has a temper. She doesn't, she just doesn't know when these fake dinners and phone calls with Hazelle will end, and at this rate Gale's mother is going to expect him to propose in the next few months. In the beginning Gale's height used to intimidate her, make her nervous or inferior somehow. That was before they'd gotten together in college and started dating in third year. Then his height started to comfort her, it made Madge feel protected and looked after, but ever since they split Madge is indifferent to Gale's height. She barely notices it anymore, and looks him straight in the face with no regard to her chin, jutted upwards to meet his eyes. "I'll be there, okay? We'll take a cab." "No," he interjects. "I'll pick you and Dakota up from your place. We can't show up separately, Madge, are you crazy?" Madge rolls her eyes again, choosing her battles for the hundredth time that day. "Fine. But wear something new, so we can pretend I bought it for you." "Are you coaching me on how to see my family?" Gale asks with a playful smirk, and all Madge can do is shrug, already walking away from their dysfunctional relationship. "I don't know, Hawthorne. All I know is that this is your mess, not mine." "He's such a coward," Johanna remarks in distaste, taking another sip of beer and placing her glass down on the wooden bar table. "I can't believe that he's been lying to his family for Kota's whole life. That's four whole years of pretending to be a happy family." "He's not a coward, it's just a lie that was taken too far for us to turn back now," Madge tries to justify. What started as Gale not being able to bear telling his family that his perfect relationship with her had ended before Dakota was born became a complex lie about them still living together, raising her together. "And you! Why do you put up with this? Dinner with your ex-boyfriend and the father of your