It's almost one in the morning when Madge finishes writing her lengthy essay on the influences of the Baroque era on modern music; she managed to complete it before the deadline despite her last minute visit home, and she only needed the help of one cup of coffee to get it done. She sends it to the printer and goes to her bedroom for a sweater while all 12 pages begin rolling through the machine. The air is chillier than it should be in October, and Madge almost slaps herself when she realizes her sweaters are still in a cardboard box from home sitting in her closet, waiting to be unpacked. Surprisingly she does find one unrecognizable crew neck though; it's far too big, navy blue, smells like pine and oh , she realizes. It's Gale's. Her heart hurts a little bit and she chews on her lip in contemplation. He must of left it here a few weeks ago by accident and she should probably just put it in her bag to give him when she sees him on campus, but it really is chilly , Madge reasons. Without thinking much more, she slips it on and inhales his scent - already feels much warmer than she did before. Madge heads to the kitchen and turns on the kettle. While she waits for her water to boil she heads over to her desk, collecting her essay sheets, reading them over and stapling them. When her kettle begins to whistle from her stove top, she heads back over, making a cup of hot tea that will hopefully warm her up. From afar she hears the sound of pounding music and loud voices, all obviously coming from a party a few blocks down. She's grateful for her apartment that's further from campus. It's much quieter and she is not one for parties anyways. There are a couple voices still talking outside her building, but it's still far better than the cacophony of beer pong and sorority sisters. After a couple minutes of enjoying her tea in her quiet apartment, two sharp knocks on her door interrupt Madge's train of thought. She wonders who could be at the door this late, but really, who else could it be? Madge panics, realizing she's still wearing his sweater, that she is disheveled and looks beyond fatigued. Yet, he's probably drunk, and most likely won't notice any of that anyways. She's just going to greet him, tell him she's tired and send him on his merry way. She opens the door slowly, and of course, she's right, Gale Hawthorne is standing outside her apartment in the middle of the night; his eyes light up when he sees her. "Hey Undersee, what are you up to?" he asks with a boyish smile. He looks worn in - his hair a little longer than she's used to and his stubble that indicates he hasn't shaved in a few days. She admires the view, he's usually so moody and dark in public but tonight he looks carefree, more like the 20 year old he really is. Madge shrugs. "I was going to go to bed I guess, it's pretty late, don't you think?" "Yeah I'm sorry, I was over at Lambda Chi's party, wasn't all that much fun really, and your apartment wasn't that far so.. I thought I'd pay you a visit," he explains. She hears the innuendo in his words. "Was Katniss there?" He looks at her like he doesn't understand what she's asking. To be honest, Madge doesn't know what she's asking either. "Uh, yeah, she was there with Mellark, why?" Katniss was there and he decided to come here. She supposes that means something positive, but then again maybe he was just angry seeing Katniss with Peeta and came here out of spite. "I don't know. So why wasn't it that much fun?" Gale scrunches his brow and smiles on one side. "I feel like I'm being interrogated, god, Undersee," he jokes, "Fine, I guess it was ok, it wasn't boring. I just wanted to come. I wanted to see you. Besides, we haven't seen each other in a long time, have we?" She rolls her eyes and crosses her arms over her chest; even though she has on his sweater, her legs are bare and the draft from outside is getting in the building again. "You can't just come here in the middle of the night when you don't have any luck at your frat parties, Gale," she sighs. His eyes tease her and he smirks just a bit. A loose strand of hair is in front of her ear, he reaches out to play with it and twirls it around his fingers, and she feels a shiver run down her spine, she hopes Gale doesn't notice. "It's not like that. Besides, why not?" Madge sighs, shrugging and looking away from his gaze. "I don't know, it just doesn't feel right. Besides, I was doing work and I was studying...", she tries to list more excuses as to why he shouldn't come in, but she can't. He looks at her carefully, still playing with her hair. Madge realizes how close they really are when she feels Gale's breath on her, he smells sharp, like beer and peppermint gum. "Come on Undersee, I just want to talk to you, catch up a bit?" "That's what I mean Gale, catching up, that's not what we do..." He looks at her with intent and almost whispers, "Then what do you want to do?" It sucks the breath from her throat. That's a really good question, one with an answer she doesn't want to say out loud, so Madge stays quiet and hugs her torso a little tighter. He might be taking her silence for rejection; she can't read him at all, one minute he's teasing her to no end and the next he gets so intense, he looks hurt almost. It isn't that she doesn't feel anything for Gale; she feels so much for him that she doesn't know how to deal with it. It's just that they were never friends before, and just because they have an obvious physical attraction for one another doesn't mean that this could ever be a healthy relationship. Madge needs someone stable and light-spirited who won't completely consume her, and Gale is not a single one of those things. He sets a fire in her that she didn't know existed, and it's getting harder and harder to extinguish the flame before she finds herself craving his touch once again. And it isn't that she doesn't want him to come in either. She simply knows that they can only "catch up" for so long, and that if he looks at her with any sign that he wants her at all she'll need to kiss him and Lord knows she won't be able to stop herself from kissing every inch of him after that and letting him do the same. Gale knows what he does to her when he plays with her hair, stands so close to her or talks to her like that. It's not fair, and Madge wishes she was more in control – she's almost always in control, except for when it comes to Gale. He says her name quietly, bringing her out of her own head and back to reality. Madge looks up at him wide eyed and stammers, "Uh, I- I guess you could come in for a little bit, why not?" She's hyper aware as he steps into her familiar apartment, she's biting the inside of her cheek as Gale takes off his coat and neatly places it on the counter. He turns to face her and just stares. He's fidgety, maybe even nervous though Madge couldn't know the reason why. "So the party," Madge starts, breaking the silence. "You didn't stay for long, did you?" Gale looks amused by her attempt at small talk. "Well, I was there for a few hours actually, but I only had a beer or two, mostly just talked to Thom and Darius." "That's... That's good," she replies awkwardly. She doesn't know why she's like this, why she can't act normal right now. They get along well, but usually they're straight to the point and their mouths are occupied in many other ways before they need to speak so many words. Perhaps this is what she feared; how could they ever have anything more than casual sex when they can't even have a normal conversation? "I know you went back home last weekend," Gale remarks, leaning back against the counter. "You went to see your mom?" Madge nods curtly. "Yeah, she had a really bad episode, so the housekeeper called the hospital. Dad's out on a business trip so I needed to go back, to make sure she was okay." "Is she?" She's caught off guard. "Huh?" "Is your mom okay?" he asks, his concern is genuine and kind. "Honestly?" Madge starts. She thinks about whether her mom will be okay or not. She's never had migraines so bad before and her new medication makes her lucid, she's barely a person anymore. Sometimes she has moments of clarity but most of the time... "Honestly, I have no idea." It still hurts, like a dull throbbing pain in her chest. For every time she manages to keep it together, Madge feels tears swelling up and pushes them away with her sleeve. Gale takes her arm and pulls her in, hugging her tightly. They're flush against each other, backed up against her counter but it doesn't feel perverse, it just feels correct. It's comforting to be compressed like that, she feels more together and less like her home life is falling apart. Her arms wrap around his torso and she buries her head in his chest; if she listens closely enough, she can hear his heart beating strong against her ear. "It's going to be okay," he mumbles into her hair. "I'm sorry I brought it up, I'm so sorry Madge." They've never been this open, this emotional with each other before, but Madge decides she likes it - likes the way he holds her, the way he comforts her. She has faith her mom will be okay, she just wishes her Dad would come home once in awhile to watch over her, not some hired housekeeper who doesn't care. Usually Madge does a good job of juggling school, friends and everything going on back home, but lately she just feels burnt out. And she really does appreciate that Gale came over, she loves the way he feels against her. Is it selfish to want more? She pulls back a little bit so that she's looking into his grey eyes and tugging at the collar of his shirt. "Gale?" she whispers, ever so slightly. He hesitates a little bit, most likely thinking about what she wants to say, or maybe (just maybe) he's lost in her eyes too. Maybe he sees in Madge something that he really wants. She scared it might be true, scared it might be false. He swallows hard, his lips form a tight line. "Yeah?" "Kiss me, please." There are no second thoughts, no nerves, and no questions. His lips capture hers and that's all matters. It's a kiss different from before. This one is filled with empathy and tastes like comfort. His lips are just as she remembers them; slightly chapped yet smooth, gentle yet demanding. In a surge of confidence, Madge takes his bottom lip in her mouth and bites down gently, and Gale groans into the kiss. His hands around her waist suddenly feel less soothing and more teasing, and her own are framing his face, pulling him in. She knows it's too good to be true; Gale doesn't want her like this no matter what he says, and it takes all the strength inside of her to pull away from him. But Gale either