Haymitch Abernathy is dwindling a pen between his fingers, sitting comfortably reclined in his chair and talking quietly to another associate when he first sees Effie Trinket. He's 25, fresh out of law school, and wants to become the biggest corporate lawyer this city's ever seen. "Abernathy," Rothman calls. At the sound of his employer's voice, Haymitch fixes his posture and looks up at the man. "Yes Sir?" "I want you to meet Ms. Trinket. She's one of our new paralegals, and she's going to be helping just the associates for now, so you better get to know her." He turns his head to face the girl standing in front of him and she's beautiful; her hair is the palest blonde, falling in soft curls around her face, and her eyes are such a bright, piercing blue. They remind him of sapphires, and she gives him a small yet awkward smile, probably because he's been staring too long. Almost immediately he looks away, embarrassed that he was gawking at her, and keeps his gaze on the wall behind her. "Nice to meet you, sweetheart." "Oh!" she exclaims at the nickname. "Um, my name is Effie. You can call me Effie." Chaff turns around to look at the new recruit. "He calls everyone sweetheart. Don't take it personally." "I don't, I just prefer Effie," she nods with a fake smile. "Well Effie, I'm Chaff, nice to meet you," he responds, and she has a look of satisfaction on her face as Rothman leaves her to socialize with more associates. Soon she's greeted them all, and for some reason she arrives back at Haymitch's desk. "I never did catch your first name, Mr. Abernathy." When he looks at her he sees someone so pure and so genuinely kind that he doesn't know how to communicate with her. His life thus far has been filled with a broken mother, a dead brother, a drunk father who ran away. He doesn't know what trust is, or why people would be foolish enough to keep it. Though he barely knows this woman, he's senses that she expects him to be kind as well - to be friendly. "It's Haymitch." "Nice to meet you, Haymitch," Effie remarks, beginning to walk away. "Well, you know why I'm here. To help you lawyers with work, research, coffee. I'm just down the hall, so if you need anything, you know where to find me." She walks away with a spring in her step, and Haymitch can't keep his eyes away from her. They're stuck on her ridiculously long legs and slim waist. He thinks she could've probably been a model or an actress. He snaps out of it when Chaff starts to snicker and throws a ball of paper at him. "You want her so bad." "Please," he snidely responds, getting back to work as quickly as possible. She's probably an awful person behind that fake smile and perfect composure. Besides, she's just a fucking paralegal. Haymitch ought to be damned if she becomes anything more. They talk sometimes. It's always office stuff: fact check this, review this document, copy this other one. On certain days he and Chaff invite some of their colleagues out for drinks. He likes the act of drinking - likes the way it feels in his body and the way he talks when he's had a glass of whiskey. Effie always declines though, says she has work to catch up on or has to get home early. Haymitch wishes she would come out for once so he could get to know her. He knows that she's 22, knows that she takes the subway home and that this is her first legal job. He knows that she probably thinks very little of him for visiting bars so often. Yet still, he's so intrigued by her presence that he continues to drop the offer at her door most nights. One evening in particular, she's in the firm's reference library with books surrounding her on the desk. It's already seven, most people went home long ago and Haymitch was only here because he had to finish drafting subpoenas. Effie sees him walking in and smiles briefly, returning to her books and writing something down. Her usual blazer is lying on the back of her chair and her hair is done up in a messy ponytail. Haymitch tries not to look at her shirt which has ditched a couple buttons and instead, waves back at her. "Hey princess, what are you still doing here?" "Nothing," she insists, not even looking up to make eye contact with him. "These are a lot of books; do we really have you doing this much research?" he asks jokingly as he picks up one of them. He realizes that it's not a normal law book, but a prep book for the Bar Exam. He's confused. "The Bar?" "Not that kind of bar. It's a test you have to take, before you can practice law? I'm sure you're familiar," Effie responds sarcastically, causing Haymitch to laugh at her joke. "Yeah, I'm familiar, but why are you studying for the exam? Right now?" "Believe it or not, Mr. Abernathy, I have bigger dreams that just being a paralegal for the rest of my life. I want to be a lawyer. Like you, like Rothman and everyone else here. I'm taking part-time classes. I don't care about going to a prestigious school or anything like that, I just need to pass." They stand in silence for a while, Effie furiously highlighting and reading while Haymitch just watches her. He didn't think that she wanted to be a paralegal forever, it's just that he didn't know that this is the reason she never goes out with the other people at the firm. She's immensely driven and determined, he realizes, and he respects her for that. "If you're going to keep staring at me like that you might as well sit down and help me," she states after a couple of moments. "I could use it. If not, you can go get your drinks now, I'm not going to keep you." So Haymitch sits down. He forgets about his plans to stop by the liquor store before it closes and takes a seat in front of the paralegal: this girl he's only known for a couple of weeks. She explains to him that she needed to start working as soon as possible and couldn't afford law school, and that if she manages to pass the exam, Rothman's offered to hire her as an associate. Of course, she still needs to take another three years of her part-time law classes to even be eligible, but Effie doesn't care at all. "What are you studying right now?", Haymitch asks curiously. "Constitutional Law." "Well it's your lucky day, that's my speciality," he jokes, picking up the book. Her eyes light up and Haymitch wishes he teased her more often. "Is it really?" He scoffs. "No." Effie's laugh echoes through the quiet room, and he can't help but chuckle too. Not because what he said was particularly funny at all, but perhaps out of joy for the company. She tucks some hair that fell loose back behind her ear, and rests her chin on her elbow, which is propped up on the desk. "Well?" she asks, raising her eyebrows and shoving her thick book across the table. "Well, what?" "What are you waiting for? Test me, Mr. Abernathy." On the days when Effie sticks around to study in the library, Haymitch does too. It's just to help her, he says to himself. He himself passed the same exam with flying colours not too long ago, so he knows exactly what material will be on it and what kind of questions they will ask. And Effie seems to enjoy his company too, despite the fact that they barely talk during work hours. Chaff still notices though. He sees the way that they look at each other for just a bit too long, or how Haymitch takes the long way around to the bullpen so that he passes Effie's office. When he says anything, Haymitch denies it all and calls him a nutjob. "Trust me, if there was something going on, I'd tell you." "Whatever you say, man." The best nights are when they order sushi from the place down the street. He'd never tried it before and Effie gasped in disbelief, insisting that it's one of finest things in life. The restaurant is shitty, nowhere near her expectations, but at eight o'clock they're both starving and would eat anything. One day while he's testing her on international trade law, he takes out a flask from his briefcase, and Effie gasps audibly in joking disbelief. "Hello? How are you supposed to help me study when you're inebriated?" she demands, throwing her pen at him. "Ow! Please Princess, I'm not trying to get smashed, normally I'd be home by this time and would've already poured myself a glass, is all," he justifies. She tilts her head as if in thought and widens her smiling eyes. "Oh, I'm so sorry, I didn't realize I was impeding your slow and steady decline into alcoholism, you drunk," she laughs, not realizing how close to home her words have hit. Haymitch doesn't say anything - doesn't talk about how alcoholism runs in his family or how without a glass of whiskey he often can't fall asleep at night. That's not what she wants to hear, and that's not the person he wants her to see. He takes a swig and savours the taste, looking towards Effie who has her eyebrow raised. "Come on, sweetheart. What are you going to do, tell on me?" When Peter Undersee brings his three year old daughter into work, nobody can concentrate on filing evidence or preparing testimonies. She's a tiny little thing, so fun yet so shy. "I'm Madge," she says while holding her daddy's hand, and Effie can't get away from her. She practically kidnaps her to the break room, feeding her cookies and braiding her hair. Haymitch rarely sees Effie smiling this much, and it makes him kind of warm too. When he goes to refill his coffee, he asks her if she has any work she still has get done. "Well, yes, but work is nowhere as fun as little Madgey over here! I'll get it done before I leave, you aren't my boss, Mitch," she remarks, and Haymitch has nothing to do but agree and walk away. He doesn't know which nickname shocks him the most: the one she's given to the little girl she's just met or the one she's given him. They're barely friends. They see each other at work and help each other out, so Haymitch and Effie are acquaintances if anything. Still, Haymitch wonders if Effie wants kids; he wonders how many she'd want or what she'd want to name them. She'd definitely be a good mom, she's caring and understanding and all those things that moms should be. At the end of the work day when Peter leaves with Madge, they stop by every cubicle in the bullpen before heading for the elevators. "Goodbye, Mr. Abernathy," she bids, waving her pudgy little hand. "Call me Haymitch, sweetheart," he smiles, waving back. "Bye Haymitch," Peter nods, and just like that they're walking down the hall hand in hand. They stop by the paralegal office and Effie steps out, offering Madge a big hug and saying a couple words to her. He watches as the tiny thing clings onto her and begs her dad to let her stay for just a little bit longer. Yeah, Effie would definitely make a great mom. Things don't change until a year has passed. It's Haymitch's birthday, but no one says anything. That's the way it should be, because he hasn't told anyone. He's content with spending it in silent contemplation and keeping things normal. Rumour has it that