Because my best friend and I can't seem to work with each other. ~Happy Reading He likes her, now he doesn't. She likes him, but she didn't like him when he liked her. Now he likes her again , but she doesn't like him enough to date him. Year after year after year, the cycle continues. Percy and Annabeth, chasing each other for years but never seemed to like each other at the perfect moment. Honestly, they were getting sick of the fact that neither of them could get a grip. Here's the breakdown: they've been close since second grade. For a good nine years, they're each other's best friend. They know each other inside and out, memorizing their favorites, birthday's, personal information, which fandoms to fangirl over, etc. If they spent enough time with each other, they'd be inseparable. Their parents already figured they would like each other at some point because they're always together. It's just always been like that. And no matter how long you separated them, they'd always find their way back to each other. Their story begins like this... " " He becomes the new kid, again, and shows up in their second grade class. Their teacher, Ms. Davis, introduces him as he attempts to hide behind her. "Class, meet Percy! He's a new student, and it would be lovely if you could all be kind to him and show him what it's like to be an Emerson bear cub! Take a seat anywhere you'd like, darling." She gently pushes him towards the room of desks, all eyes on him. Technically, he didn't have a choice but to sit next to the girl with curly blonde hair because there isn't an empty desk anywhere. "You're really going to like it here!" She tells him excitedly. The curls of her ponytail bounce when she turns to face him. His green eyes of wonder examine her closely, taking in her words. "We have fun cooking classes, free choice, and we have these things called all school meetings where the whole school gets together and we have fun! Isn't that awesome?" She happily places her hand on her neck, resting her elbow on the desk. She's still smiling at him, but he isn't really smiling back. "You don't say much, do you?" For a seven year old, you talk a lot, he wants to tell her, but refrains to. Instead he shakes his head and says, "No, but that stuff does sound cool." The girl nods vigorously. "Like I said, you're going to love it here." She returns to facing forward in her seat, getting out a notebook. Percy just hopes she's right. He's sick and tired of being the new kid year after year, and the schools he went to weren't all that great. He didn't have very many friends, which made it not as enjoyable. Percy managed a little smile, hoping this girl would become his friend. Three days later, he learns that her full name is Annabeth Chase, not just Annabeth, and she is the first friend he made at Emerson Elementary. " " Third grade is weird. Free choice no longer exists, they actually had to start working harder, and they had to write essays! How cruel is that?! However one thing that hasn't changed is the friendship between Annabeth and Percy. It's because of her he is more open now, and after introducing him to all her friends (who were mainly boys) he had a lot more people to talk to. The two had become inseparable, despite the fact they didn't see each other over the summer. However, that didn't even matter, because on the first day of school they found each other on the courtyard, hugged, and began to converse like they had only seen each other the day before. Even better, his older brother had become best friends with her older brother. Things couldn't get any better, could they? "Catch me if you can, dumbo!" Annabeth screams before she slides down the tunnel tube. She and her friends are playing an intense game of tag, and Percy was it. "You bet I'm gonna get you, Wise Girl! And that's not nice! My ears aren't that big!" "No, but your nose is!" "Oh, that's just mean!" "Hey Percy, we're over here!" Khalil and Noah screamed from the other side of the play structure. Percy races over to them, desperately trying to make himself not it. He jumped off the structure, making a landing that stung his ankles. He sees a figure move, but can't make out who it is. They scratch his arm, leaving red marks on his skin. Percy nearly wails in pain. "Hey, that hurt!" He doesn't know why, but it feels right to him. It seemed like it wasn't even his will to do it. He throws a punch, aiming for the person's face and makes a successful injury. His eyes are still shut, unable to see his damage. "Percy!" The voice is female, and Percy suddenly realizes his mistake. Percy opens his eyes to find Annabeth standing in front of him, her hands covering her mouth with a red liquid oozing out between her fingers. "A-Annabeth! O-oh, my god! I didn't know! Honest! I-I didn't know!" He puts his hands on her shoulders, squeezing them out of concern. "Are you okay? I seriously didn't mean to do that. I-I didn't know it was you!" Surprisingly, she wasn't upset nor seriously hurt. Annabeth simply removed her hands, and spit out some blood onto the ground. Then, what she did next truly made Percy surprised: she began to laugh. Percy stared at her like she was psychotic. Why was she laughing? "Actually, you just did me a huge favor. I've been trying to get these two suckers out my mouth for a week, and now I don't have to worry about it!" She opened her red palm to reveal two teeth that were previously in her mouth. She smiled, lips red and two front teeth now missing. Percy laughed in relief that he didn't hurt her too bad. He wrapped an arm around her. "C'mon, you crazy gal. Let's get you to the office." " " Finally! They've officially graduated elementary school. Naturally, Annabeth was elected to make a speech, and she mentioned Percy enough times to make her classmate roll their eyes. As for Percy, he couldn't help but smile and feel tears come. Percy stared at her as she spoke at the podium, and butterflies were dancing in his stomach. She looked absolutely beautiful in her lime green dress with her hair pulled back into a half-up-half-down hairstyle, but then again, she's beautiful inside and out. Percy's had the butterfly feeling for a couple of months now, but he's still not sure what it means. Then, it clicked. Oh, god. I'm in love with her! So on the stage of their graduation, Percy turned outrageously red and tried to stay focused on Annabeth (which is very easy). When she finished her speech, the crowd clapped and Percy clapped the loudest out of their classmates. She turned, smiled at him, and went back to her assigned spot. Once everything was over, and they had gotten their "diplomas", Percy found and immediately wrapped Annabeth in a hug, twirling her. She laughed giddily, and felt her feet return to the ground. "First, amazing speech. So glad I took up half of it." He pretended to do a hair flip, making Annbeth roll her eyes. "Secondly, you look wonderful. I never thought I'd ever see you in a dress!" "Formal occasion, Seaweed Brain. I don't really have much of a choice," she smiled. She asked him if he wanted to get some cake, and of course he did because Percy needs his daily sugar rush. He got a slice of chocolate, and she got a slice of vanilla. "This is so good!" Annabeth exclaimed. "You want some vanilla?" She held up a forkful. "You want some chocolate?" He held up a forkful of his own. She spoon fed (fork fed?) the vanilla cake to him and he fed her the chocolate. They've always been close enough to do that. They both sigh in amazement of the cake and the fact that a new chapter of their lives had begun. " " Middle school took such a strange turn. You've got different teachers for all your classes, requiring you to walk around a million times a day, and you might not see your old friends everyday anymore. On occasion, Annabeth would see Percy in the halls, at lunch, but it wasn't enough for her satisfaction. She missed him dearly, and she could never find time to hang out with him. Besides, they had found their own friend groups. She was a drama junkie and a part of the student body, while he was a jock and active with the swim team. They didn't have time for each other. Sometimes, she felt like he was avoiding her. She didn't blame him, she did change a lot. She still felt hurt that he didn't want to be around her though. All that changed in eighth grade. He began hanging out at the school garden during lunch, where Annabeth and her friends hung out. Seeing him walk down those steps made her so happy, she flung herself onto him. Percy hugged her tightly, lifting her off the ground and twirling her. From that day on, they promised they would spend lunch together. Later in the year, she started feeling something for him. The strange twisting in her stomach grew larger, and she started to notice details she had never noticed before. He was starting to become handsome, and Annabeth couldn't help but stare. She was in love with him. It was nice, because during the winter, Percy would allow her to sit on his lap because he knew she hated cold weather. Casually, she'd take a seat and he'd wrap his arms around her waist. It made everyone think they were going out when they weren't. It was okay with them, though. The end of an era came quicker than intended. Annabeth had put on the final production of a musical she and her friends wrote, and Percy successfully won first place at his very last swim meet for the Willard swim team. Soon there was the dinner dance, and the day after that is graduation. Percy and Annabeth hung out over the weekend, and they were discussing matters that needed to be sorted out over ice cream. "I'm just terrified of high school. I don't like the idea of it, y'know?" Percy sighed as he licked his cookies and cream. Annabeth nodded her head in understanding. "Yeah, I get that. But it's a necessity for when we go to college. Without some of the skills they teach us, we're not gonna go very far." "True, true." They sat in silence, unable to think of anything but the future. Or at least that's what Annabeth was thinking. Percy, on the other hand, seemed to be thinking of other subjects. Percy clears his, like he was preparing for a speech. "So, the dinner dance is on Wednesday. You going with anyone?" Percy asks. He wants to ask her to go with him because Annabeth is the only girl he's comfortable hanging out with. Annabeth nods her head. "Yeah, Jeremy asked me last week." "Ooh, la la! Jeremy!" "Shut up!" She smacks the back of his head and Percy doesn't mind one bit. He just laughs. "I don't like him like that." "Then who do you like, Wise Girl?" He smirks. Annabeth blushes deeply, concentrating on her ice cream. "He doesn't go here," she lies quickly. Automatically, Percy senses that she doesn't want to talk about it. Percy decides to leave the subject alone and continues to finish his treat. On the night of the dance, Annabeth doesn't even show up with Jeremy. She shows up with her