Hello, just trying this out. I was wondering if I should write this, and was wondering what you thought of it and if I should continue writing it in my spare time. Looking for feedback, so review, please! Chapter 1 'Phoenix really was boiling' she thought as she rolled down her window as far as it would go. Her Mum sat in front of her, chatting away much too fast for her to comprehend to her older sister, who looked about as confused as she felt, though she nodded along when ever she must have though it appropriate. "We'll be fine, Mom. We want to got Forks." Now, she knew that she wanted to, she loved it there, and she loved her dad, but she also knew that her sister didn't. Her sister preferred the sun, the heat, she loved their mother, had always found conversing with their Dad awkward. "Well, if your sure." It was silent for the rest of the trip, the car filled with the sounds of rushing winds and the low music drifting from the radio. . . . Renee Dwyer was an eccentric woman. Not exactly mother material, she had spent most of her adult life being cared of by her two young daughters. Isabella 'Bella' Marie Swan was the oldest, at 17 years old. Born 13th September to Renee and Charlie Swan, just out of their High School years. The youngest was Artemis Katherine Swan. Born 27th August, she was 15 years old, and born to the same parents when her sister was nearly 2 years old. Both girls had grown up different, not only because of their ages or the different circumstances to their birth. Bella had always been clumsy, falling over whenever possible, tripping over air and falling up stairs. She loved their childish mother, and had always looked after her, cleaning and cooking for the family. Artemis was different. She had never felt the same love for Renee as her sister did, instead preferring their dad, unlike her sister. Artemis had always been graceful, hiding in shadows and slipping through the tiniest of spaces. Learning to cook and clean and look after herself at a young age, she had always been more independent then her sister. But that didn't make them distant to each other. In fact, it almost made them closer. The two sisters had grown up looking after each other, and the love had always held, through everything, although, like all siblings, there were some things they absolutely hated about each other. A little over a year ago, Renee had married minor league baseball player Phil Dwyer. And this is what lead them to this, here, at the airport, on their way to Forks to live with their dad. How exciting. . . . "Are you sure you want to go?" Bella was getting annoyed now. She didn't know why her mom kept asking her, but she supposed that Renee was kind of used to her youngest going off every year for the past seven years. But the question was getting more and more annoying the more it was asked, and she couldn't help but wish that she was a better liar, and that he lazy sister would interfere and with her actually telling the truth voice tell their mother, that yes, they wanted to move to Forks. "Mum, we'll be fine. Dad wont let anything happen to us, he is the chief of police. He's practically the law." Ah, there it was, the softly lilted British accent that indicated that her sister had spent quite a bit of time in England and had finally decided to join the conversation. "And, its Forks. Its not like its exactly big, I highly doubt we're going to get lost or hurt or anything like that." At least that seemed to calm the woman down. Looking at her Mother, Bella couldn't help but drink in the sight of the woman she had lived with for her whole life, knowing that she wouldn't see the woman in person for at least a year. Renee was the same height as Bella, at 5'4, with light brown hair that fell in a wild frizz to just above her shoulders. Her eyes were a bright blue, and her whole face were covered in laugh lines, though it didn't make Renee look any older than her 36 years. "I'll miss you, Mom." Bella whispered, leaning over to hug her mother awkwardly, never one for giving hugs. Her mothers arms wrapped around her tight, and she couldn't help but smile at the loved feeling she got from it. "Now, missy, I don't want a phone call from Charlie telling me that you've gotten lost in that forest alright?" Renee told Artemis sternly, and Bella almost laughed at the look on her younger sisters face, though couldn't help but agree with their mother somewhat. Artemis did tend to wander. "I'll be fine Mum." Artemis said, somewhat put out. Glancing around, Bella's eyes caught the clock, and she let out a small squeak, rushing to pick up her bag from the floor of the airport, shouting to her sister that they're plane was going to arrive soon and their terminal was on the other side of the airport. Artemis chuckled as she hitched her carry on bag higher on her shoulder. "See you." "Remember to E-mail, and tell your sister to call me as soon as your settled in." Renee called after her, and she chuckled as she sped up to keep her sister in sight. . . . 'Forks was awesome!' Artemis thought when they pulled up at the two story house shed be living in for the next however many years. Judging from the look on Bella's face, her sister didn't have the same opinion as she did, though her face morphed into one of surprise when she saw the huge, rust bucket that was apparently her new truck. Artemis could amusingly recall the awkward conversation the car had brought when they were just barely twenty minutes into the meant to be hour turned into hour and a half car ride they had from Port Angeles to Forks. "Oh, its perfect, Dad." Bella gushes, getting out of the car and rushing over to the truck, for once not tripping once. Artemis sighed as she got out of the car, shutting the door quietly. Walking around to the trunk, she quickly and efficiently got her bags out, swinging one bag over one shoulder, her violin case over the other and carrying the two duffel bags. It was slightly awkward, but she could handle it. All of the bags were quite heavy, considering all of them had tons of books stuffed in every available space from between her limited clothes. Bella definitely had more bags than she did, so most of them ended up on the ground for her to pick up when she tear herself away from their new ride. Even though she wasn't able to drive yet, she still needed a lift to school. "Come on! We don't have all day!" . . . The house was quite small. Charlie showed them Bella's room first. It was quite large, with purple walls and matching curtains for the big window in the middle of one of the walls. The bed was a double, with a sturdy wooden frame and a headboard with some lovely carvings on it, with purple and blue bed sheets. There was a rocking chair near the window, with a wardrobe, a small chest of drawers, and a desk with an old fashioned computer on top of it situated throughout the room. Bella placed her bags on the bed, looking around curiously. "I had a friend help me paint it. She said that purple was a good colour for a girl." Charlie said awkwardly. "Yeah, its good." Bella replied, not looking at Charlie directly, sounding just as awkward as their father. "Well, bathrooms down the hall. I've cleared out a space for you two." He said before leaving. As she left, Artemis heard Bella mutter 'Right, one bathroom' and couldn't help but laugh slightly. Artemis' room used to be Charlie's office. It was a bit smaller than Bella's, with light blue walls and a dark blue rug on the floor. The bed was just as big, though the colouring matched the walls. The window was bigger than the one in Bella's room, with a small window seat that took up most of the wall. There were a large chest of drawers, and the rest of the walls were lined with bookcases. "You've had the paint redone." Artemis commented as she placed her bags on the floor near the bed. "Yeah, it was getting a bit chipped." "Thanks dad." Charlie took that as the dismissal it was, and left the room, quietly closing the door behind him. . . . The morning after they had arrived and they were all ready starting school. Artemis couldn't believe that they were being forced to go the establishment they were required to go to the day after they had arrived. Bella was actually sort of glad that they could get their first day at a new school over and done with, and they were starting on a Wednesday so it was only a half week. But they were starting in the middle of the year, in March. So it was going to be horrible, something they both agreed on. They had left the house that morning fifteen minutes before they would usually have to, according to Charlie, but they had yet to know the way, and they would have to go to the office to get their timetables. The rumbling red truck caught the attention of the limited people in the parking lot when they pulled into a space next to a building with a sign on the side indicating it was the office. Artemis got out first, much less self conscious than her sister, but kept her head down, her long hair hiding most of her face. Walking around to her sisters door, she yanked it open and waited impatiently for the older girl to get out. Bella did, blushing furiously and stumbling before her feet even touched the ground. "Come on Bells. The sooner we get our schedules, the sooner we can get to class and teachers who will have to teach students who will have no time to stare at us whilst they learn." Bella nodded and quickly walked next to her sister to the office door, understanding the youngers logic. Artemis opened the door and was immediately assaulted with a blast of warm air, quickly followed by the smell of strawberries, and resisted stepping back and crashing into her sister, instead concealing a gag as she sidestepped for Bella to enter through the doorway. The smell of warm strawberries was not something anything should smell of apart from warm strawberries themselves, and so Artemis quickly strode forward as Bella remained in the doorway, observing the dull red walls and frayed brown carpet, as well as the door to the right with the words NURSE written across it, and the large desk directly across from them, filled to tipping with paperwork, and a bronze nameplate settled precariously on the front, proclaiming the name 'Mrs. Cope'. There were a number of large, leafy potted plants in the office, and Bella couldn't help but wonder why they would want more green, inside, when they already had more than enough outside. The woman behind the desk was around fifty, with curled, dyed red hair and large brown eyes behind square, black framed glasses. She was dressed in a bulgy red cardigan that matched her hair, and you could see the long brown skirt around the edge of desk when she stood up suddenly when she spotted them. "We're Artemis and Isabella Swan." Artemis introduced. The woman's eyes widened, peering at them excitedly through her glasses. "You're the Chief's daughters!" She