Chapter 1: The girl who time travelled. The glacial, icy breeze was softly waving her hair, dancing slothfully with her crazy wild curls. It was a dark, dreary, lifeless evening. The last beads of light died, when the sleeping sun veiled itself and faded. The smell of death was bitterly flowing in the air, poisoning the last drops of hope she had in her heart. Her whole body was trembling in insane pain and her heart was aching in unthinkable, mind-boggling agony. She was tired. Her mind was exhausted and weary. It has been hours since it was over. He was dead. Harry Potter was dead. Her friend, her brother was dead. Everyone was dead. She didn't know. She couldn't understand how it happened. How she was still breathing and how her mind was still intact, functioning and working, because she felt that this dolor, sorrow and pain will make her crazy. She will die insane. But she was sitting there numb, paralyzed with agony and fear. It was over. She won't see them again. She won't see Ron any longer. She won't hear his mindless, stupid blabbering. She won't see any of these people. The Order fell. Everyone was dead. It has been hours since the castle was abandoned. She didn't dare to move. There was no one. The mild, early summer zephyr was wandering gently pushing up the pages of torn books. She raised her tired body, clenching her wand in her hand and walked to the castle. There were so many fallen bodies. She didn't dare to look at them. She didn't dare to see a familiar face among them. Her clothes were covered in blood and she had several minor cuts. She needed to get inside the castle and find a good hiding place. She needed to plan the rescue of some of the members of Order who were still alive. She needed to do something. Harry was gone and he wouldn't like if she chickened down and did nothing. Her small steps took her into a destroyed corridor. Her feeble legs trembled weakly. She fell down near the wall sick and frail. Her whole body was quivering in pain. And then she instantly felt her body temperature go up and her stomach curl in burning, fervid twinge. She tried to move but her mouth was briskly filled with watery saliva and she gagged breathlessly vomiting on the cold, stony floor. She felt nasty. She wanted to disappear. She closed her jaded eyelids and felt another spasm of sickness engulfing her torn muscles. "I wish I could change everything, " she thought bitterly. A small door appeared in front of her. Was it the Room of Requirement? It couldn't be. This wasn't the 7th floor. Or maybe it was. The whole castle was absurdly destroyed for her to distinguish between the floors. She forced herself up and slowly walked to the door. She had to kneel to get into the room; the door was too small and short. She wondered for a moment, confused why it would be like that, but feeling too tired to contemplate further she just crawled in. Entering in, she found herself in a normal sized room with nothing but a small table in the center. She felt confused but standing up walked to the table. Her breathing was unstable and loud. She knew that she had several cuts on her back and needed to take care of them. She still had her small beaded bag with her with burn-healing pastes and other healing potions she had stored. There was a small parchment on the table and nothing else. Something was definitely wrong with the Room of Requirement after the destruction. As soon as she took it, her body went limp and she felt extreme pain and pressure surrounding herself. Everything went blank and she lost her consciousness. She could hear a voice; masculine, hoarse voice, talking to her, calling her name. It was reaching her ears from far away. Someone was calling her in her dream. She couldn't tell whose voice it was, but it was far away, fainted and dim with shadows surrounding her. She slowly opened her eyes and shut them instantly. Piercing, acute stream of unpleasantly bright light burned her tender, sore eyeballs. A blurred image of a man standing in front of her, invaded her mind. She felt beaten and worn. Where was she? She was insanely tired to think. Every single muscle in her body was aching and her skin felt raw and sensitive. She couldn't remember what happened to her. She was... searching for a hiding place when... The memory of an awful pain, eating up her swelling body, returned to her mind. She was standing in a strange room when her whole being was squeezed like a manually effloresced piece of wet clothing. It felt like her ribs were crushed and piled into a mush, something so painful it felt worse than the Cruciatus Curse. Was she found? Panic filled her veins like a shocking venom. The thought of being caught by Death Eaters, cleared her mind promptly and she jumped up, breathing heavily. Then everything came into a focus and she realized she was sitting in a train compartment. There was a bulky short man standing right in front of her and looking at her worried. He had a glass in his hand that he immediately handed her as soon as she opened her eyes. "Hear, drink this, Miss Granger," the man said with a warm smile. She wasn't caught, was she? Who was this person? Her mind registered on the glass and she stared her surprised, doubting eyes at the man. "Where am I?" she screamed stepping back and scanned her surroundings in absolute horror, "Who are you? What is going on?" "Calm down, Miss Granger. You are safe. Please, drink this. It is a Calming Draught," the man said gently tucking the glass into her hand and forcing her down on the seat. She frantically started touching her pockets for her wand and feeling the solid silhouette of familiar wood underneath her muggle jacket, calmed down a bit. "You are suffering from a severe shock," he explained. "Everything will be alright. Do you remember me?" His voice felt familiar. It was the voice of the man from her dream, calling for her. She didn't know this man but he knew her. She looked down at the glass in her hand and glanced back at the man suspiciously. He was smiling back at her, quiet content and happy with himself, as if he accomplished something great. He didn't look like a Death Eater. Why was she in the train? Where was she going? The questions flew through her mind and her usually brilliant brain couldn't find logical answers. Though something was terribly off. She could feel it, she could sense it. The man took out a pocket watch from his bright green suit and narrowed his eyes. His meaty, big hand started to play with a few grey hair he had on his balding head. If the situation was not so bizarre and unexpected, Hermione would find the whole thing amusing. She looked back at the glass and smelled the liquid in it. It did smell like Calming Draught but she couldn't drink it without knowing first who this man was, where they were going and what happened to her. "I am afraid I don't..." she said scanning his merry, chubby face. He raised his eyebrows and she could swear, she saw him pouting. "Then, I guess you forgot our first meeting we had a few days ago," he said thoughtfully, "the healer told me as much. But after our conversation the other day, I thought you won't fall into a shock again." She blinked, trying to clip together what she heard. So he met her a few days ago and they talked and she was seen by a healer. That was most likely true. Her body was still hurting and sore, but she could feel the cuts were gone. So he found her and helped her. Was he an Order member? Everything was not lost? A stream of hope stung her trembling heart with sweet shock. "Where is the Order?" she asked quickly not giving him time to continue. He stopped, arched his thick eyebrows and looked at her with contemplating, calculating gaze. "I don't think I understand you Miss Granger," he said shrugging his shoulders in discomfort. "You are stressed and terrible things, I assume, happened to you. I found you a week ago, near the border of France." She gasped at the revelation. How did she get there? What happened to her? Maybe the parchment in the room was a portkey that took her to a safe place like she wanted when sitting near the Room of Requirement. That was it. That has to be it. "I have to say I was shocked to find you," he admitted and then smiled proudly, "I mean, it has been 15 years. No one believed it was possible to find you." Hermione couldn't hide her surprise. What was this man speaking? What happened? Was she lost for 15 years. Did she somehow transfer herself into a different time period. That was so ridiculous that she wanted to mentally punch herself. She was Hermione Granger, the brightest witch of her age. How could she think of such absurd things? Obviously, this man was mixing up things. She couldn't have been out for 15 years, could she? "I was appointed to work on your case last year," he continued explaining, "I have to say, that previous Aurors did their job really well and we actually couldn't understand how they managed to hide you for so many years. I was sincerely a bit skeptical when I found the tracking charm of your name active." "I am afraid I don't understand," she said quietly. "Oh, right!" he said shaking his round head, "Excuse me for my absent-mindedness, I forget that you were absolutely shocked when I found you and then after the healer attended your injuries you were out for 2 days. And then when you woke up and I explained everything to you, you were quiet dazed and tired. I guess, I should have waited with explanations and revelations until you were completely stable." That's how he knew her name. Merlin, this man is utterly thick at giving explanations. Why couldn't he say all of that in the beginning? It all seemed so odd, though him helping her was not really explaining who he was, what he was talking about at all and where she was. "I am Balbus Scorch, an Auror, Department of Magical Law Enforcement," he introduced himself with a solemn handshake. "Hermione Granger," she said responding back. "I know!" he smiled, "You told me the other day after you woke up. I am glad to finally meet you." She wanted to ask many questions, but she knew she didn't have the right until she would find out who this man was and what he wanted. She nodded making an effort to smile. "So," she said carefully scanning his face, "why were you searching for me? And where are we going now?" "I am taking you to your parents, Ms Granger or rather Ms Selwyn," he said with a pleasant smile plastered all over his meaty face. Hermione wrinkled her eyebrows. Her heart tightened from slow, breathtaking beats. At the mention of her parents, the panic venomously poisoned her mind, clouded her senses and thinking became strenuous. "Ms Selwyn?" she muttered thoughtfully, rubbing her temples, and then looking back at the man, asked impatiently, "What do you mean? What about my parents?" Her hand automatically went to grab the outline of her wand. Selwyn? The name tasted so bitter in her mouth. That was a family involved with the monster Voldemort. She remembered the Death Eater Livius Selwyn. That bastard killed George and