The pace is quite different from my other story because it's a one-shot. And it has shameless smut (lesbian!) so if you don't like, don't even bother. Enjoy! Great! I really had to fulfill every possible stereotype of a Quidditch player? Just recently I had a crush over our team captain... Obviously, being in the Holyhead Harpies and having a crush on someone in the team meant I was at very least bisexual as it is the only team exclusively composed by women in the European League. Yes, the Ginny Weasley, bisexual. Oh hell, I really could have guessed this earlier or at least accepted. As soon as I got the memo that I also liked girls I went berserk and hooked up with as many guys as I could. It was definitely not pretty. As much as the Wizarding community was open minded regarding sexuality, being bisexual wasn't exactly accepted and obviously, I thought my huge family wouldn't be really open to it. I wasn't open to it, why would they? The one person that made me realize my sexuality had to be my best friend. As expected. I had a crush on her for most of my fourth year. Luna knew. After I tried to prove to me that I wasn't that into girls, she talked to me and made me feel normal. That's when I found out that she was a lesbian and obviously, my crush on her was stronger than ever. At the end of that year, I got the courage to ask her out. She happily said yes. Of course, to say she did something happily was a huge redundancy, she is the happiest person I ever met. We had a short relationship. It got obvious to us that we were better as friends really quickly I don't really know why or how we saw that but anyway we did. After that, I had some hook ups but nothing really serious. I always liked my freedom. Two years later the war came and I lost my brother. Yes, I have many but the twins were always the closest brothers I had. I think aside from mom and dad, Fred and I were the ones that most missed him. I still miss him. He and Fred were the only ones in the family who knew about me at the time. I always made a point to avoid being public. Ron was dumb as anyone could be when it came to that and a rightful prick if something about my sexuality came to his ears. Hogwarts gossip. He felt the need to defend my honor. As if I needed him... I got into a relationship with Harry before the war but his need to be the hero and defend everyone but himself always made me go crazy so when he decided to end what we had as the war truly begun I honestly was truly relieved. Thinking back, I never really had a nasty break up. Mostly I left some broken hearts on my path but I never had mine broken. The relationships I was really in were lived plentifully and ended in common accord. No hard feelings from neither side. There weren't that many relationships but anyway... After the war, the days until the begging of the next school year was spent in the burrow, obviously. Harry didn't visit. He clearly felt guilty about George's death, about all the deaths to be honest. Not that he said that to mom, he said he wanted to take his time to mourn Sirius and Dobby as he didn't before. That's sad, he didn't have time to miss them as long as he should. What he said was true but I knew it wasn't all. And shortly after the last battle, he came to me asking me out again. I said no. He got a little bit broken. Mom still doesn't get us not being together it has been two years. Hermione came back to Britain with her parents two weeks before the beginning of the school year and spent that time rebounding with them. I can't say my last year in school was great. I missed George and I wasn't really ready to get back to normal life so soon. None of the girls in my dorm got me, none of them lost relatives, none really fought on the front. That was the year that I really got close to Hermione. We were all family to her, losing George was like losing a brother to her too, I could tell. She could understand me without effort. It might be why it was so easy to talk to her. In all possible honesty, I never truly thought we would get so close. She was still broken for nearly losing her parents forever and I, because of George. We bonded through grief. Not only that, it was clear to me that our brokenness was also due to having to grow up too quickly. We both had awful experiences during the previous year. Yes, we bonded. I couldn't thank Merlin enough for it. For most of the year, it was Hermione, Luna and I. After a few months, we began to call ourselves the three musketeers (I only got the reference after reading the book 'Mione told me to, Luna was aware of the term). We were together all the time we could, all our "free time". It wasn't really free, we spent it mostly studying in the library. If we weren't, that meant I made them stop and walk a little or that I had Quidditch practice and they were watching. Actually, I believe Hermione was reading given she hates the sport but she always made sure to be able to praise at least one of my moves (although I believe she made Luna retell one of them). Luna loved to watch the practices and the games, she had the opportunity to stare at the players (at least she was honest). By the end of the school year, we had our N.E.W.T.'s and went to three broomsticks to celebrate the end of our school days. Obviously, Hermione already had a plan, the perfect plan. She would apply to a job at the ministry of magic where she could eventually legislate for intelligent magical creatures such as house elves and goblins (her way to make S.P.E.W. work). Luna had been offered a job as an apprentice at Hogwarts but had no idea if she would accept. And I was wondering if there was any chance of being called to play Quidditch professionally (much to 'Mione's dismay) if not, I had simply no fucking idea of what I wanted to do. Two weeks later, when I was already home I received two letters informing me that the Harpies and Chudley Cannons were interested in me. I had no need to analyze the offers, the Holyhead Harpies had always been my dream team. Mom threw a party, everyone was invited and everyone was present, even Harry (he had got over me eventually). I was to report to the team headquarters and begin training in two weeks and stay there for about three months, then I would be presented to the fans and the world. A week before the first game. The party was awesome. We all had fun and it felt almost like old times. After that (and after mom try to push me into dating Harry again) I decided I should come out to the whole family, so the next day, when we were all at the breakfast table I basically made a huge speech and by the end of it I said: 'Yeah, and like, uhm... I'm bisexual.' Mom let out a squeak, dad and Ron were obviously dumbstruck and the rest of the boys was knowingly smiling at me. Hermione and Luna were by my side, hugging me to give me strength, probably. Ron was the first to recover. "Bloody hell!" "Ronald Weasley! Language!" Mom said before turning to me smiling. "love you no matter what. You should be aware of that." Then everyone else smiled and agreed. Ever since I've been straight forward (the only way I could call myself straight, according to Luna) about my sexuality. But I never brought anyone home to know the Weasleys since I had no significant relationship these past two years. I honestly don't know if I ever really fell in love with anyone. I did like Harry and I did like Luna (still do, just as friends now) but never really felt the butterflies on my stomach nor the light head everyone talks about. At least not until recently. We've been best friends for years and only now I have been able to realize I really like her. In THAT way. Yup, I'm slow. At least my brother never invested in having more than friendship with her. That would have been weird. Yeah, being in love with your best friend is definitely a must do for all queer people (at least for the stereotype). Now, what the fuck am I going to do with that new information? It's not like I could simply tell her that out of nowhere. Luna says I can, I can't help but disagree. I don't even know if she likes girls that way. I've never seen her with any one besides Krum and he was a complete failure according to her. Ugh! Think, Ginny! "A penny for your thoughts?" I looked up to see my closest teammate, Morgan (an awesome raven-haired girl who had about my height). Shit! I've been mulling about my love life ever since we entered the coffee shop and I went to find a place to sit while she got our coffees. Needless to say, I was sat by the table I found completely lost in my thoughts. I stared at her before processing her words then immediately felt my face getting hot. "Oooh!" With that, I glared at her. "What? You have a crush on someone. That's your face for 'got caught thinking about my crush'. Yeah, I know you that well. Spill." Am I that obvious? I honestly thought I was capable of... "No, you are not that obvious, Gin. I'm just close to you and my girlfriend happens to be your best friend who might have told me about some of your faces." Right, Luna. I'm so gonna kill her. Morgan began to laugh hard. "Okay, I'm going to let you slip from this one. I'm almost sure I know who it is anyway." I had focused on my coffee, planning ways of killing Luna but my head shot up at that. WHAT?! "Change of Subject." She said, smiling at me. "So, big game in two days. Tomorrow is the meet greet with some of the fans and I am already exhausted by simply thinking about that. That's it. I'm old!" Laughing at her and shaking my head, I took my mind out of my previous train of thoughts. "Right. You are. At least it's the last one of the season." "Yeah, last real game, but we will train basically every fucking day anyway. It's not like it's vacation." "Right..." "So, you called Hermione to watch the game?" I felt my heart skip at the mention of her name. Oh shit! I've got it bad. I closed my eyes for a second, trying to control my heartbeat (not that I managed to do so...) then looked at her. She had a knowing smile on her face. The second I considered her eyes, she beamed in victory and thumped the table in between us. "Ha! I knew it! I so won that bet... thanks by the way." "Really? Bet?" I was utterly confused by then. "Lun kind of said you weren't interested in her in that way... We made a bet." Morgan was still beaming "Do I even want to know?" She shook her head and I immediately knew it was