Okay, I am going to put these author notes in this chapter and in the last chapter, just so everyone catches what happened here. First off, let me offer my humble apologies for the very lengthy amount of time that has passed since I last posted anything. For those of you who saw the note I made on my profile page let me off a few more details. I was the victim of someone who I know using my trust and breaking into my e-mail account, deleting all of my personal letters and the reviews that I have received from all of you, then using my e-mail account to break into my account at FF-Net and delete all my stories. Fortunately I keep all my stories backed up, but I did lose all my wonderful reviews which makes me very sad because I really appreciated everything everyone ever sent me. After that, our computer crashed, so I could not access the internet for over a month in my home. But I am back now and I hope you all like the conclusion of my tale.:) It was hot. Sunshine poured into the crowded town square with blazing intensity, creating a furnace-like atmosphere. Dogs lay, panting, in whatever shade they could find. The people who had gathered drew hands across brows, wiping away sweat. Therefore, the tall figure wearing a heavy cloak with a hood pulled low over his face drew a fair amount of attention. He hated that. A wry grin pulled at the corners of his shadowed mouth. However, he realized that he would most likely garner more attention without the hood. The figure stood at the very edge of the crowd, nonchalantly leaning against a building. Only a very sharp observer would have noticed how tense his body was. Within the woolen confines of his hood, his eyes darted back and forth over the seething mass of people almost frantically. Searching… Many were the curious glances thrown his way, but since he did not seem to be doing anything more exciting than leaning against a wall, those who looked on him quickly decided that there were more interesting things to commit their attention to. Like the hanging that was about to take place. The gallows stood in the very center of town, and that was the reason for the crowd's presence. They sweltered in the blazing heat for the chance to watch a felon hang. Already a grumble was filling the air. What was taking so long? Why didn't they just bring the fellow out and be done with it? It was too hot to stay outside in such a crowd for long. A low hissing roar rose from those nearest the gallows, and was soon taken up by those in back. The accused was being brought forth. The cloaked figure straightened, desperately craning his head to see the one they were leading to be hung. Tall as he was, he could catch no more than a glimpse of dark hair over the crowd. "Move," he hissed through clenched teeth. " Move ." The people started to jeer nastily. Now everyone could see why it was taking so long to bring the accused to his fate. There were two men pulling him forward, and they had their hands quite full. He was fighting them every inch of the way. They started up the stairs, and the hooded figure drew in a sharp breath. At last he could get a clear view of the prisoner. Dark hair hung to the man's shoulders and flew across his face as he kicked and struggled. The unshaven stubble on his cheeks made him appear older than his years, but in truth he could be no more than twenty-five. His clothes were battered and torn. Obviously, his life was one of hard labor for little reward. Silver eyes glared at his captors even as they stuggled to put the noose over his head. He was in no way making it easy for them to accomplish their task. With a vicious curse, the tall figure leapt forward, ruthlessly pushing his way through the packed masses of people. Outraged cries rose in his wake, but he paid them no heed. He had only one thought in mind; to get to that platform and stop the hanging . A pompous town official stood in front of the condemned and unrolling a scroll, began to read off the accusations against the dark haired man. "For breaking and entering…" "Hey!" "Get back, we were here first!" "Watch who you're pushing!" As the crowd became aware of him, the hooded figure found himself at the end of some pushing himself. He struggled on almost desperately, but the people were pressed in too thick. Someone caught hold of his cloak as he passed and yanked, apparently hoping to pull him back. His hand flew to the brooch that held the garment at his throat and swiftly released it before he was strangled. As the cloak fell away, a gasp arose from those nearest him. "Failure to comply with the law…" Long blond hair shone brilliantly in the sunlight. Blue eyes blazed in a fair face. Intricate braids were tucked behind delicately pointed ears… "An elf!" Legolas Thranduilion swore violently as the crowd's interest swirled toward him. He thrust himself forward, but could make even less headway than before. They were closing in on him…staring…pointing…blocking his way… he could not get through ! "Get out of my way!" The fair being frantically shouldered through the humans that swarmed around him, but there were too many of them… "MOVE!" "And general intent of malice, it is the decree of this town that the man known as 'Strider' shall be…" the town official's voice trailed off as he slowly began to realize what was happening below him was more than just the ordinary shoving for a better position. His eyes went wide as he saw the tall elf's struggle. Legolas' face was twisted into a ferocious expression, fear making him angry. "Strider!" His hands were already reaching for his bow. If he could not reach the man he would have to hit the rope…icy fear struck him as he remembered that he did not have the weapon with him. The dark haired captive heard his friend. His struggles increased tenfold. Knowing only that there had to be a hanging, the town official came to the conclusion that if the elf reached the platform before it had taken place, the man known as Strider would not face his judgment after all. Swiftly he turned and signalled to the hangman. The men holding Strider jumped back. The platform beneath the man's feet dropped away. Legolas stared in horror as his friend fell… Three weeks earlier. "Estel, if you attempt an act of such foolishness, I will be forced to revise my opinion of your intelligence." Elladan's dark brows drew together in a ferocious frown. "Not, you understand, that it was ever very high in the first place…" The dark haired elf's twin was also scowling, his fair features clouded. "He is right, Estel. You need to find another way down." Elrohir's eyes were fixed on a point far above the ground. There, nestled within the braches of a rather monstrous oak sat their brother. The human leaned forward, his own face rumpled into a scowl equal to that of his elder brothers. Dark hair swung about his face, but it could not entirely hide the fierce glare of his silver eyes. "Both you and Elladan were able to accomplish the task with relative ease. I do not see why I should have such great difficulty." Elladan cursed softly. He should have known not to attempt such a stunt in front of the young human. Aragorn followed him and Elrohir through everything. Usually, they could talk him out of doing things that only elves could accomplish ( and still keep their lives) but recently… Elrond's first born shook his head, lost in dark thoughts. Within the past few months, he had glimpsed a startling change sweep over his little brother. It was almost as if he was trying to prove something. "Estel," Elrohir called up again. "Do not even think of it. Look, one of us can come and get you down if needs be…" Elladan knew immediately that his twin had just said the worst thing possible. Elrohir seemed to realize it as well. His mouth snapped shut, but it was too late. The traitorous words flew up through the air, and not even human hearing could have failed to catch them. If anything, the scowl on Aragorn's face increased ten fold. With great care, the young ranger slowly stood to his feet on the branch. His right hand clutched at the trunk for support. "You can not do this!" Elladan ground out. "Be reasonable!" "I have done it once before," Aragorn shot down at the furious elf. "Yes! And do you recall what happened!" Elrohir very nearly snarled, incensed at himself for his slip of tongue. "That was different," The young man started to release the trunk and swiftly grabbed it again as he very nearly over balanced. "This time there are no wargs or orcs." A brief smile tugged at the corner of his mouth as he looked down at his brothers. "Or at least no wargs." "You were thirteen," Elladan bellowed, his face turning a shade of red very unbefitting an elven warrior. "And I do not know if you remember very well, but you fell because the branch broke under your weight then! You may not have noticed, but you are significantly heavier now!" Ignoring the outraged expression on the elven faces, Estel turned his head and looked down the branch. There, at the very end, where it was thin and whippy, hung a long, slender rope. Elladan had been the first to descend from the tree. Running along the very limb Aragorn stood on, he had flung the rope up into the higher branches and gracefully swung out of the tree, sliding to the ground. Elrohir had been quick to take up the challenge and had followed close behind his twin, leaving Aragorn. They assumed he would not try. The dark haired man focused on the rope. Drawing in a deep breath, he released the trunk and sprinted towards it. For a human, his balance was superb. But unfortunately, even very good balance could not make up for the fact that he was heavier than his elven brothers. There was a crack that seemed to echo in the suddenly still air. Aragorn felt the branch beneath his feet give, and leapt towards the rope. His hand closed around it as the limb dropped from beneath his feet. He fell towards the ground with a yelp. The slender, elven rope wizzed through his fingers and he tightened his grip on it desperately. Searing pain almost instantly enveloped his hand. It felt like his palm was on fire…but he did not dare let go. Despite all his efforts, he could not bring himself to a halt. Fortunately, he had slowed his plunge enough so that when he made contact with the ground, it merely bruised him badly and knocked all the wind from his lungs. Lying flat on his back, he gasped painfully. "Estel!" Two dark heads appeared in front of his face, their expressions twisted in anxiety. His brothers were bending over him; helping him into a sitting position. Smiling weakly, he shot them a triumphant look. "I made it." 0-0-0-0 "And just how do you expect to explain that to Ada ?" Elladan jabbed a finger at his little brother's bleeding palm. Aragorn ignored the irate elf, keeping his dark head bent over the wound, intent on bandaging his hand. The young man winced, not only at the sharp pain, but at the thought of admitting to his father what he had done. Friction from the rope had ripped away