Sally Jackson had a hard time adjusting being without Poseidon. Not only because she was heart broken and now single, but also because she was now a single mother of a demi-god. The fact that made this sound even more crazy was because the child's Father was Poseidon, one of the big three on Olympus. Or at least that is what she remembered from his stories to her and her basic knowledge of Greek gods from middle school. It makes her wonder what she did in her past life that had cursed her with the gift of seeing through the mist and falling in love with a god. "WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH" Although, even though her son, Perseus, was a handful, she loved him with every fiber of her being. She got up from her seat in the kitchen and adjusted her blue flannel bathrobe, leaving her blue mug of chamomile tea and brought a binky and a bottle of formula incase he needed one or the other. Normally it was dangerous having a Demi-god child, but Poseidon had promised protection for the child until he was 12, assuming Poseidon would keep this promise sally Jackson still lived in her small apartment in Mid-Town. She reached for the doorknob when a sensation crept over her that made her freeze. She felt cold, and immense darkness. "PERCY" she yelled as she barged into her shared room with her son and froze again in fear. In the small corner was her bed; next to it was Percy's crib. Standing next to the crib with one hand on it was a man in a suit and an open black trench coat facing her. Instinct told her to run but she couldn't leave Percy. "Damn you Poseidon " she cursed silently and threw both binky and bottle at the mysterious figure and reached for her nightstand which stood next to the doors entrance and opened the top drawer to dig for the one weapon Poseidon left her. She found the bronze pen and uncapped it; it suddenly turned into a three foot bronze sword. Facing her intruder again to see him holding the binky and bottle she had thrown. "Really? You would use that bronzed toothpick on me?" he laughed in a hearty raspy tone. Weirdly its what you would imagine a grandfather to sound like. He then turned to the still crying Percy and reached down with his formula bottle "DON'T YOU DARE TOUCH HIM" Sally barked, bringing back the sword as if charging to swing a baseball bat. She moved closer to him. "Who are you?" she growled With a flick of his wrist the sword was yanked out of her hands and formed back into its pen form into his hand. He brought up the pen to inspect it "Anaklusmos," he said. "to be very honest with you it's a very fine weapon. Some find it old, and some may even called it a cursed relic, hell even Hercules didn't use it for long. But this blade is a master piece" he looked down into Percy's crib and smiled "One fit for a destined hero" CLICK The stranger turned to see Sally now pointing a pistol towards him. He merely sighed in frustration and pocketed the pen, "is that how all mortals treat their guests these days?" and again the flick of his wrist happened and the gun transformed into a dove and flew away into her house, but now she was stuck to the wall by an unseen force. "Who are you!" Sally screamed once more. She was now more terrified than ever and horrid at the fact she let herself be binded so easily, not caring if she were mortal or not. "If you're going to eat anyone please oh please let it be me, just-just leave him alone please I beg of you!" He looked in shock to her words "Eat anyone? Lady I am a Protogenoi! Oldest of all immortals! I would never dare eat anyone" he simply sighed and turned back to Percy's in his crib (Who was still crying). He gave him his bottle and picked him up to Sally's objection. "Put him down!" she yelled. "Why do you act all scared for? Poseidon must've told you who I am?" the man replied. Sally didn't respond, only struggled against what ever was holding her to the wall. The stranger was losing patience with her, he rolled his eyes and snapped his fingers, and suddenly they were both in Sally's Kitchen sitting at the small round table, one at each end looking at each other with Percy to his mothers left in his ocean blue baby seat, drinking away his bottle as if nothing had happened. Sally didn't seem fazed by the sudden movement to her kitchen but was more worried for Percy. "I'm going to let you in on a little secret Sally. I do not wish ill against young Perseus" came the stranger's raspy voice. She picked up Percy from his baby seat, unfazed by the use of her name from the stranger. She carefully tried not to spill his bottle and looked towards the stranger with malice. "Sorry if I don't believe you, its kind of hard to believe anyone once you give birth to someone like Percy, so tell me. Why should I trust you?" A sudden cooing noise startled Sally, making her break her gaze on the stranger. He waned his hand and the kitchen window opened to let the bird out, another wave and Sally's mugged cloned itself and darted towards his other hand resting on the table. "Because if you haven't noticed by now I have not only stuck you to a wall but I know both your names and have taken both your sons sword and to my confusion a pistol which I assumed is filled with" with a flick of his hands the pistol appeared floating in front of them. Slowly by an unseen force was being taken apart revealing the parts and finally showed the bronze bullets in the cartridge and chamber "celestial bronze bullets, my my my." He took a sip from his cloned mug, " Demi-gods sure have gotten busy upgrading weapons to stay current with this century" with another wave of his hands the gun and all its parts vanished. " I will say this though, I find guns very cowardly, it takes a true man to learn the ways of the sword" "The gun was something my…last lover left for safety. The sword is what you assumed" "No-" he cut her off, "not assumed, I knew. Although I will admit I did not see the gun, that caught me by surprise, I am too lax in my age, although I guess I can blame it on the fact that I am very very old, but don't let that fool you, as I said. I disarmed you in seconds, and had you pinned against a wall. If I wanted you dead you would've been long time ago. I did not come here to kill you, you made that assumption yourself, but by what you stated I really can't blame you." Sally got a closer look at the stranger to see he indeed looked old, his wrinkles somehow made his face look old but young at heart. His eyes were a startling emerald green, and his hair was natty and dark grey and his stubble looked more than a couple weeks worth, He reminded Sally of the hobos she would see down at central park at night. Though his suit would beg to differ. "Okay, ill believe you" she sat down back in her chair and put Percy back into his baby seat "Who are you?" and with that the stranger smiled. "I am Chaos, your Great-great grandfather in law." "What!" exclaimed Sally standing from her chair "you shouldn't exist" and she looked intensely at him. She did believe he was some sort of immortal, but she had presumed a titan or maybe Zeus himself. But the god of all gods? Chaos merely smiled and gestured to himself "Yet here I am, let me guess, the gods think I am dead? Or perhaps I am nothing but a myth to them?" he laughed into his mug as he took another sip. The gods these days were very curious creatures to him. It has been long since he has interacted with any of them, the last of any interaction he's had was with another Protogenoi. It was his daughter Gaea; he had hoped to interact with them more. Something had held him back, probably the blasted fates. Curse his choice to make them a little bit more powered than him. "From what Poseidon has told me, you shouldn't exist! All the Olympians think of you as a scary bedtime story" he raised an eyebrow to that, "Really now? Am I a fear or a lesson to the gods?" he asked. He felt a little disrespected, but then again it had been so long since he had been around. Sally shrugged and shook her head "I wouldn't know, When Poseidon mentioned you he wasn't scared. He was more intrigued then scared." "Curious, I guess I shall make myself present to them sometime in the foreseeable future. Now Sally, I have a question for you. Do you know why it is dangerous to bare a child of the big three Olympians?" he asked the question sternly. She nodded, "They were banned because of world war two, something about them being too dangerous. But slip ups happen" she then looked to Percy and smiled as her eyes caught his own. She lifted him from his seat and hugged him, "but I don't see how they can be so different from other half bloods" Chaos took a sip from his mug before he continued, "The way they are different from other Half-Bloods is that they acquire dangerous abilities from their godly parent. Children of Zeus I have seen have had the ability to use lightning as a weapon, conduct it, and to call upon commands of wind, they can even further their control on wind to fly. Children of Hades have abilities to raise and command the dead, to use a special type of transporting ability called shadow travel. Children of Poseidon though, I see them as the most dangerous" Chaos glanced at young Percy with wonder, "For like their father, they can rock the earth beneath them, call upon the waves to aid them, water gives them a huge boost in energy and can heal them within seconds. In some instances they have made small sized scaled hurricanes and sometimes can conduct lightning thrown at them. Even though they can't summon it like children of Zeus they can wield it just the same. That is why they are deemed dangerous" The room went silent (as silent as can be with Percy babbling) Looking down at her son Sally felt dread for his future. She wondered if he would be able to control these abilities, or if he would live past teenage years if he posed as such a threat. "Oh Percy" she kissed his head and held him close. She turned her eyes to Chaos. "I doubt you came all this way to warn me about Percy's abilities, I could've learned that from his father" "You are a smart one" he grinned and sipped again from the mug then made it vanish, "I can see why Poseidon was smitten with you-" "Apparently not smitten enough" Sally muttered under her breath and put Percy back into his seat and traded his now empty bottle with his binky "-I came here because there is an evil coming." His face turned to one of sorrow, "As you might know, I am only one of 7 Protogenoi; Gaea, Tartarus, Nyx, Ahklys, Ouranos, Pontus, and Erebos. My sons and daughters that I created after I was 'born' into this universe" he got up stood in front