Prologue Breathing, it became hard to do on this barren wasteland of what use to be the battlefield. But after drowning out the random explosions all around you it becomes easier to concentrate on. Percy was crouching behind a shell of a car; it looked like an explosion was the cause of its destroyed state. Luckily this gave him cover from the magical arrows and celestial bullets whizzing everywhere. His Armor was totaled, he prayed to whoever was listening that it could just hold up a little while longer "PERSEUS!" boomed a deep voice Peeking through a bullet hole through the car Percy saw a figure heavily clad in dark armor "Crap" he whispered. He slid back away from the bullet and pushed a button on the side of his wrist and his helmet slid back onto him. Taking a deep breath he looked up and cursed whoever put him into this position. Suddenly he felt a sharp pain in the middle of his chest. Looking down he saw something no one should ever see. His own heart on the end of his enemies' sword Intense pain set in and he coughed blood inside of his helmet "Too late young Perseus, you will soon be with your beloved soon…hahahahahaha!" The dream ended Percy gasped hard as he woke up clutching his chest tight. He looked around fearfully if he was back on that battlefield but he was someplace safer he remembered. He was sitting in a chair next to a bed in the big house at camp. Thalia Grace, the newly resurrected daughter of Zeus occupied the bed. The clock on the nightstand on the opposite side of Thalia's bed read "4:30" in the morning, Percy breathed out and relaxed finally. He had been having the same dream over and over again ever since he had returned from his quest (well, not really HIS quest but who cares) from the Sea Of Monsters. It always scarily ended the same, death by being impaled like a corn dog. He shivered and rubbed his eyes; corn dogs suddenly lost their appeal to him now. Looking at Thalia he couldn't help but wonder what dreams she was having; dreams for Demi-Gods were always so troublesome, they had always showed the dreamer either a bad omen of the future or their fate itself. Obviously always ending badly. Yet as Percy watched Thalia he couldn't help but feel a bit jealous, she never turned in her sleep, her breathing too had been as peaceful as it was when he witnessed her fall asleep hours earlier. "At least she's getting the sleep she deserves" he said aloud. Remembering the story about her last stand he couldn't understand why she was able to sleep so peacefully. The dreams of his own demise, if that is actually what is to happen, are enough to shake him awake and the dreams are even real (Which is what Percy was reassuring himself). Reaching down below his seat he grabbed his thermos he had been given by Grover and opened it to take a sip. Since coffee was simply a huge no to Percy because he was plenty hyperactive enough with his ADHD, his friend knew to fill it up with simple hot coco. It wouldn't wake up Percy, but it was something to enjoy while being up so early. He covered the thermos and put it back down underneath his chair and sighed. He got up and stretched his aching legs and walked stiffly to the window. Camp Half-Blood was always a beautiful sight no matter what time of day it was. From the big house you could basically see a good chunk of everything, from the cabins to the lake to the woods and the lava rock wall. Looking towards the lake he couldn't help but wonder about the future; since Thalia was back it would probably mean for him that he was no longer the child of the great prophecy. But this also meant Kronos has some type of control now that she is back. Thinking of it all was simply a hurtful thought. Almost to literally because it gave Percy a huge headache thinking about it all. "Percy right?" came a soft voice Turning around quick Percy was looking at Thalia rubbing the sleep out of her eyes as she tried to wake up. Something in him clicked and his heart started racing and his cheeks flushed, she may have bed hair and her lazy eyes struggled to open but there was something about the sleepy daughter of Zeus that he thought adorable "um, yes, um, did I wake you up? S-s-sorry" he asked, stuttering over his words. She was very beautiful there was no doubt there. "Oh no, I …. I don't know, guess I couldn't sleep anymore. Guess that's it" she mumbled loud enough for Percy to hear. "Why are you up though? Isn't it kind of early?" she asked, to which Percy shook his head. "Honestly, I convinced Chiron to let me watch you as you slept-" and her eyes widened with a raised eyebrow. Percy winced ""NO um no not like that ah geez!" he held his head and stuttered. "I-I-I-I-I simply meant um… guard! To yea, guard you as you slept. Yea" she rolled her eyes and let out a small chuckle, "Boy you must have seaweed for brains huh?" she asked, "Wait, you are a son of Poseidon right?" Percy closed his mouth and looked downwards and simply nodded to spare himself any more embarrassment. "How long have you been at camp?" she asked, "I will be entering my third year at camp next summer, but from what it seems like I might have to stay the winter as well" he sighed "From the way things are looking? How do you mean?" she shifted from sitting under the covers and brought herself closer to Percy by sitting at the end of the bed. "Well, I had recently returned from a quest, its like a mission you can seek to do if you ask Chiron." He then reached for the seat he was napping in and placed in front of Thalia "Basically your tree was poisoned and I set it upon myself to see you healed" Percy couldn't help but feel his cheeks heat up "because of your tree being poisoned the magical barriers around the camp were weak and monsters were able to break in and do some damage, we lost a lot of campers that way because either they left or died defending the camp-" Thalia looked a bit guilty that her tree being weakened led to deaths but she shook it off as fast as she let it show "- when we, me Annabeth and my step-brother Tyson. Were out on our quest we met a traitor of the camp. You might know him actually if what Annabeth said is correct" Her heart dropped. The only other half-blood she knew besides Annabeth was- "Luke Castellan, he is a traitor to the camp. He is helping the titans to return so they can start a war with the Olympians again. The reason I might have to stay is to recruit either new Half-Bloods or win back the ones Luke has brainwashed" Percy said The room went silent; Thalia was mad, no sad, no furious, or maybe depressed? Tears swelled up in her eyes, she looked down and gripped the covers hard and stood up fast. "I… need to get out" her voice shaky from all the emotions she held in her. Percy winced, something in him and told him that it would've been better to hold his tongue. Would've. But by the moment he had uttered the first syllable of Luke's name he had a feeling he was in for an earful. That he could've handled. Not a very angry do-what-I-say-before-I-throw-lightning-at-you daughter of Zeus. "Thalia I don't think it would be a good idea, Chiron insisted you stay here till morning, well uh later this morning" She just rolled her eyes and started towards the door. As soon as her hand reached for the knob Percy had laid a hand on her shoulder and she froze "if you want to keep hand I really suggest you remove it" she growled, not even looking at Percy, "What's the matter Thals?" he asked Thalia had it. ZAAAAP Percy shot back into the wall above Thalia's bed. Hard. "Ow" he muttered and fell forwards into the mattress. "Don't you ever call me that ever again" she growled. She opened the door and walked off. Percy couldn't help but hate her, but in a sense he felt like he had it coming, he had somewhat hoped it had come in a form of a punch though. Not what felt like 800 volts of electricity. "See I did not know she could do that, why would Annabeth be alright with me watching her if she knew she could do that. Someone should've told me she could do that. I certainly didn't know she could do that" he ranted Groaning as he tried to move Percy managed to crawl off the bed onto the floor. Standing however deemed itself to be a trickier task. But who could blame him, he doubted most mortals would even be alive after the shock he took. "Alright come on, one..two…. three" and with a huge effort he managed to stand. "Now to find her" Limping out the door because even though he managed to get up, for some weird reason his left foot was having trouble waking up as the shock made his limbs numb. "Ugh this is going to be hard" as he managed to get down the stairs without tumbling down he walked out the Big House's main door and stepped into the dark early morning. He looked towards the cabins then to the lake then to the sword-fighting arena. In the moonlight it was a little hard to see anything. Sighing in frustration he decided to do a sweep of the camp and jogged towards the sword-fighting arena. "I shouldn't have said anything, I had a feeling and for some reason I didn't stick to it" he groaned. He opened the gate to the arena as quietly as he could and stuck his head to peek through. Nothing. He closed the gate and hurried it to the pegasi stables. They were all asleep and were the only occupants to their stalls. Turning to leave a voice called to him. Hey boss! Percy turned to see a black Pegasus stick his head out of his stall. He remembered him, he had saved him two weeks prior from Luke's ship. Oh hey, its you. Blackjack right? And the Pegasus nodded and neighed softly Geez have I got to thank you from saving me, I thought I would never leave that place. Listen do you have a fear of flying? Well get rid of that sucker pal, you have yourself a royal steed . He then kneeled as much as he could with his head sticking out of his stall. Oh you don't have to do that, it's what I kinda do. Saving people is kinda the job. Percy replied. The Pegasus shook his head nonsense it would be my honor, you saved my life my friend. I am greatly in your debt. Percy sighed then agreed, not wanting to be offensive to blackjack. But then he wondered something, Hey, blackjack, have you been awake all this time? He shook his head again, Nah boss, I heard a bang like that of a gun go off in the direction of that big blue house, he gestured with his head, I'm kind of a light sleeper if you haven't noticed that these bozos are still in dream land. He gestured again to the stalls around him. Um sorry that kinda was me, Percy replied, I was wondering, did you see a girl about my height with black shoulder length hair? She