Hello all! Holding my Soul is back and better! According to most people anyway. I have a few notes before the beginning of this prologue but I'll keep it quick. I shouldn't actually be posting this without finishing chapter one but oh well! Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings, the ideas behind it, the places or characters or plot of LOTR. This story is purely for recreational purposes. My minimum amount for each chapter is now 10 pages, not including my prologue which is 9 pages. I will not have a set update time but any body who wants to be informed of an update give me your email address in a review. This version is A LOT darker then the first one, and very different, although the basic storyline is more or less the same. The starting point in the LOTR universe is different! In case of any confusion later on, the council has already happened when Rowan arrives. Tawny is no longer included in this story, as such I am including her in Daughter Dearest Warning: Obscene language, attempted sexual situation, mental and physical abuse. Holding my Soul Prologue ' Carbon Copy' The first time it happened…well I'm not sure exactly, but I was young….very young. Of course at that age you don't really realise what is going on, you just think it's an adult thing…that you'll understand when you get older, just go along with it, 'it'll be alright' they say, so you do. But as the years go by you start to realise that, wait a second, what is going on, and the fact is, you never really do….know that is. Some people in this world just…well, are just like that, they do things beyond comprehension whether it be murdering someone, raping a woman, or a boy perhaps, killing a cat, eating a live bird, abuse their partners or beat their children. Yes it does happen, though not for discipline, these people go beyond that, they take the power of God into their hands and believe that they can wield it, that they are 'the' authority, whether it be in that house, that street, that block, that village even and to someone so young, so naïve to the workings of the adult world around them…sometimes they believe the words and fists they grow up with… …Rowan knew she shouldn't have been late home, she just knew it but it had been raining so she had had to wait for the 113 bus, which everyone always knew was late, by exactly 5 minutes, but late anyway, them there had been the car accident down by Thornway avenue, the Denton's 4x4 had crashed into a smaller saloon car so the traffic jam had been trailing back a good 3 miles so that had made her even later and now as she jogged up the pathway to her front door her watch read 3:50, she was half an hour late. 'Damn that stupid bus, damn that Denton boy and damn everything!' With her black shoulder bag flung haphazardly over her shoulder Rowan let the old Iron Gate swing shut behind her before jumping the steps two at a time while hurriedly fishing out her front door keys from her black corduroy jeans. She didn't make it. Just as her fingers grasped the cold metal of her keys the door opened, letting the light from the hallway spill around her, blinding her temporarily before her eyes could fix on the figure standing firmly in the doorway, her father. A not so happy look on his face, he was not happy. It wasn't as if he was an imposing man to look at, he was quite a short man actually, balding and anyone would put him in his mid to late 40's at least, but that didn't make him safe, no, he didn't like to accept his lot in life so he kept trying to go beyond that, to become more, and he had found the perfect way to become the be all and end all, at least at home he had. "Get in" His words were short, stunted as he held the door open for his wayward daughter. She walked in with barely a word, letting her keys rest once more within the depths of her pockets as she, ever so carefully, controlled the fine shaking throughout her body as she quietly placed her trainers on the hallway shoe rack and put her bag inside the cupboard, knowing that the evening had barely even started. After putting her bag away she turned around, brushing a strand of wayward hair behind her ear as she kept her eyes focused on her father, alert and waiting for him, to explode, to yell, anything really... He had shut the door and had slid the dead bolt into place while she had put her things away, but it wasn't to keep people out, no, it was to keep people in. Swallowing convulsively as she watched him, he walked up to her; his movements were finely controlled, just like every other aspect of his life. His loathed disorder, disrespect. He walked up to her, standing barely an inch taller then her, smiling slightly he ran a hand through her mahogany curls, tender almost like another father might do in comfort, but there was no tenderness in his eyes, he smiled at her again as his hand slid into hers as he led her, silent as lamb, into the kitchen. He was playing the cat it seemed, but where was the mouse? The kitchen was as cold as ever, the pale cream tiles around the walls reflecting the harsh glare of the light into her eyes. So sterile…so clean, orderly, just as her father liked, perfection it seemed. Not a pan out of place, the chairs were perfectly lined up, pushed under the breakfast table in the corner, all apart from one. Frowning slightly she let him lead her to the chair, its back up against the table, why was it like that? He hated the chairs being moved around…he hated…well, he hated a lot of things. She was almost too scared to even think what could be going on, he had never been this silent before, never this calm when she 'disobeyed' him, when she didn't follow his rules exactly. What was he up to? But more importantly, did she really want to know? "Da-" She bit her tongue as she felt the tips of his fingers dig into her palm, his nails pressing hard against the delicate skin. He didn't want her to talk…he never really did anyway. She just hadn't learnt to shut up yet, his house, his rules, she had no right to go against them. No right. "Sit" Short and curt, he pushed her down onto the seat, the cold of the wood seeping through her corduroys to give a slight tingle, almost as if it also was trying to keep her quiet, warning her in some way. Green eyes, dark with confusion and fear, followed his form as he paced in front of her, contemplating it seemed, what to do, to say…either way, it took his attention off of her for a moment longer…a single moment was better then nothing. You learned to appreciate the little things in her father's home, maybe that was what he wanted, to teach that you never took something for granted…maybe he wanted to teach gratitude? His mental workings were beyond her, but still, in those spare moments free from him, she liked to ponder, to think of things she knew did her no good. But then again, she wasn't a good girl was she? She had never been a good girl, a single phrase had taught her this…it was something she couldn't escape, he had apologised to her once because of it, apologised that he hadn't killed her at birth…her eyes were like hers he said, green, the colour of freshly grown grass in spring. "The perfect Carbon Copy", if she hadn't of known better in her younger years, she would have thought that had been her name. 'The perfect Carbon Copy'. She didn't need to ask who of…her mother, biologically only. "A drunken whore who had never learnt to keep her legs closed to all but her husband", that's what he said. He had destroyed all the pictures of that woman, all but one. Her. With a green eyes, pale skin and mahogany curls, she looked like her, she even had her mannerisms apparently. She tapped her fingers against her thumb when she was nervous, and twirled a single curl framing her face when she was deep in thought. She knew all about this, he had watched her when she was little, almost like a child would look upon a decaying animal by the roadside, in a horrified fascination as she grew into the one person he despised, the one person who had disobeyed him. He had tried to beat it out of her, with belt or fist. Tried to beat out the bad genes within her, he didn't want a whore for a daughter, didn't want her to look like the woman he had foolishly married. "Pay attention when I'm talking at you!" She jumped, startled as she met his flat, grey eyes for a second before looking down, not wanting her thoughts to linger on the fact that she had just ignored him, been so absorbed in her selfish thoughts that she had forgotten his presence. He wouldn't like that, no. He wouldn't. She heard a sigh from her right before a hand landed on her shoulder "I try hard, I really do. But there's no fighting it is there" A single finger trailed up her neck, a bare touch that she shuddered at. "You've come home late three times in the past month, I've tried to ignore it, not wanting to think bad of my little girl" It traced the shell of her ear, tender, sweet…almost seductively. "I mean, what father wants to wake up to the realisation that his daughter, the one he's tried so hard to make a good girl of, has been doing some rather 'questionable' things. I mean, you've never been late before, it's the new kid isn't it? Nick Chambers if I'm correct" His palm rested against the nape of her neck, fingers curling ever so slightly around her throat. "That stupid punk, what is it you find so charming about him, the earring? The tattoos? Or did you just want a nice raw fuck" He paused, leant down with his lips brushing against her ear "Just like your mother" She shook her head, a small one, trying to keep his lips from contact with her ear. Her fingers gripped the edges of the chair in denial, she hadn't done anything wrong, she'd been a good girl, she had been! "I haven't Daddy, I swea-" His fist was fast, she had to give him that. Almost quicker then the eye could see she lay on the floor, her cheek and hip throbbing from impact, against floor and fist. She kept her head turned away, knowing that if she tried to defy him, he would just get worse. "Oh sweetheart" He kneeled down beside her fallen form, a look of concern marring his usually cold features "It's okay sweety, Daddy didn't mean to hurt you…you just made him mad is all" His hand was back, stroking her arm as he cooed gently at her, leaning in slightly so that she felt the heat of his legs through his and her trousers against her own. She kept quiet now, knowing that he was in a mood which could easily turn violent, at least he wasn't hurting her, she was thankful for that. His hand kept stroking her arm, soft crooning noises coming from his throat as he calmed her down, like someone would an injured cat, calm it before it got angry, before it