Alright guys as most of you probably know, I am a writer who generally writes Gale and Katniss romance stories. But recently, I was dared to write a FanFic that was NOT romance! I was like OH MY GOSH! How could someone even say that right? But I am not someone to pass up a dare so here goes a Peeta and Gale friendship one shot( NOT A BROMANCE), it takes place after Peeta and Katniss get back from the Hunger Games. Peeta confronts Gale and they have a bonding moment. There will most likely not be a sequel…unless a lot of people are giving me reviews and begging for a sequel but I'm really not sure what to expect so just review and help me out! Well, here goes nothing… Peeta's POV Riding the train home was torture. I should have been excited to see my friends, my family, to be bathed in riches. I was a victor. I was supposed to get everything I wanted. But instead, when I feel like Katniss and I can finally have the happily ever after we deserve, I learn that she was faking her love the whole time, just to get sponsors. I am hurt. I truly thought she loved me. She risked her life multiple times to save me, but Haymitch told me it was probably because she would feel guilt if I died and she went home. Even though I truly believed she loved me, I always knew there was someone else. Gale Hawthorne. I always knew the two of them had something special. I always knew he was in love with her. But Katniss is oblivious. I mean every day before they went their separate ways at school, Gale would always hug her and I could tell that he never wanted to let go. Or the way he would brush his hand against hers. Katniss of course didn't notice, she never has. But, if she ever wanted to get married and if it ever came between a choice of me and Gale, Katniss would waste no time choosing Gale. When we finally got to District 12, it confirmed everything I was thinking. As soon as Katniss had hugged and talked to her mother and Prim, she ran up to Gale and hugged him. Once she laid eyes on him, he was all that mattered to her anymore. He twirled her around in a circle. She was giggling like a little school girl. It made me sick. And then I noticed Gale glaring at me. Glaring at me with his famous 'Gale Hawthorne Glare'. I knew I would be getting beaten up soon. His face said it all. At that moment I realized that Katniss loved Gale, but I don't think Gale realized it. That's when it fully sunk in. Gale thought Katniss was truly in love with me. I sighed. I really loved seeing Gale jealous for once, and I really wanted to make Katniss love me instead, but if I truly love her don't I just want her to be happy? Don't I want her to have someone she deserves? Someone who has been there for her entire life. Someone who has watched out for her. Someone who has been a friend to her. Someone who hasn't been her stalker her entire life. I sighed again. I have to set things right. Gale won't make a move unless he is positive that Katniss has no feelings for me. I have to do the unthinkable; I have to talk to him. When the day is finally over, and my family and I settle into our house in the victor's village, I hear laughter erupting from the house next door and I know that it isn't Haymitch, so it must be Katniss. I look out my window, and I see that Katniss, her mother, Prim, Hazelle, Rory, Vick, Posy, and Gale are all gathered around the Everdeen's table eating and laughing and crying at the same time. They are all just happy Katniss is back. They don't care about the money, the lavishes, the house, they could have been doing the exact same thing in their house in the seam, because their family is true, and the bond that Katniss and Gale share is one I can never break, I see this now, as I notice Gale's arm strung casually over Katniss's shoulders as they walk into the living room to have desserts. I see Hazelle and Mrs. Everdeen grinning and chuckling to each other as they watch Gale and Katniss sit on the loveseat. Prim giggles and says something that makes Katniss blush a deep scarlet color. I have a feeling it is something about her and Gale. As I am watching this, I turn on the small radio in my room. When I turn it on a new song is just starting. I recognize it immediately; it is the song "Watching You Watch Him" by Eric Hutchinson. I laugh at how ironic that is. I've never really listened to the lyrics of this song. I always thought it was stupid and unrealistic. Who knew it would relate to me? I figure maybe I should listen to the words. Who knows, maybe it will help me. I love you From the bottom of my heart And that's not gonna' change But things look grim When I am watching you watch him Completely accurate to how I feel. I give you the best a man can hope to give But I'm not feeling brave Chances are slim When I am watching you watch him Also completely accurate. Oh, what is left to learn When he would let you crash and burn He never gives attention But you still yearn Where do I fit in When I am watching you watch him Not totally right, Gale would never let Katniss crash and burn and he gives Katniss as much attention as he possibly can. But she does yearn for him and I certainly don't fit in. And here I am watching you watch him. God only knows why I still wait around Except I hate to see you cry And I need you But there are things I cannot do And I want you When he's playing all his games And it gets hard to tell whose the victim When I am watching you watch him I guess I don't really know why I wait around, but Katniss never really cries but I definitely need her. And I guess Gale kind of plays games. But as always, I am watching you watch him. Oh, what is left to learn When he would let you crash and burn He never gives attention But you still yearn Where do I fit in When I am watching you watch him God only knows why I still wait around Except I hate to see you cry And I need you But there are things I cannot do And I love you Like a broken record plays But I'm a window pane A phantom limb When I am watching you watch him When I am watching you watch him When I am watching you watch him I am watching her watch him It's weird that I compared my life to a song that I always found very unrealistic, but I wasn't in this situation the last time I heard that it. I take one more glance into Katniss's house. I think about how I should be sad, but the thing is, I'm not. It makes me happy, to see Katniss happy. I can picture this exact same moment in twenty years, the only difference is, they will all be older, and I can see Katniss and Gale cradling a baby in their arms, wedding bands on their fingers, but the same joy will still be there, because they are perfect matches. Thinking about this makes sleep come more easily, but it doesn't stop the nightmares that come later. My nightmares that night are nothing I want to repeat, but I have a feeling they will be occurring regularly from now on. I get up early and eat some cheese buns and then head out immediately to find Gale. It's easy to spot him, in the crowds of people at school, he is much taller than most and is standing off alone—which is surprising considering girls are normally surrounding him. When I start to walk towards him he hears me immediately. His head snaps up even when I'm a good twenty feet away. He gets up and starts to walk towards me—much more quietly than I thought possible. When we finally meet, I say to him "Can we go somewhere to talk." He nods and motions for me to follow. Gale leads me through the school doors and past all the classrooms into an area of the school I have never been. We pass by janitor doors and teacher's offices until we reach the last door which he opens and walks into. It appears to be an old office that no longer needed to be used. I follow him in and sit in one of the folding chairs in the corner of the room. I notice that Gale stays standing. "What do you want?" He shouts. "I need to talk to you about something very important." I say quietly. Gale snorts. "Oh what could you possibly want to talk to me about?" he says with mock innocence. "Katniss." I whisper. "No really?" He says annoyance clear in his tone. "What about her? How you declared love for her on National television? How you made out with her in the Hunger Games? How she almost died multiple times because of you?" I winced when he said that one. "How you stalked her throughout your entire life? How you watched with envy through your window while I was with her last night? How you stole the girl I love?" He whispered the last part. "Gale…" I didn't know how to start this. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean for you to be hurt. I really do love Katniss, but…" I sighed. This is it."She doesn't love me. She loves you…" Gale's POV He sighed. "She doesn't love me." He takes a deep breath. "She loves you…" Peeta trailed off. I couldn't believe what he just said. Was he an idiot? Katniss and I have known each other for years, and I have flirted with her plenty of times and I for one would know if the girl I have loved for 4 years loved me too! That's when I realized Peeta was playing an awful trick on me, trying to get me to go for Katniss and be rejected for the first time and then have me be humiliated for the rest of my life. But I am NOT going to fall for it, so I make the obvious decision that any sane person would make in this situation, I punch him. Square in the nose. As hard as I can. Peeta falls back immediately on impact. I start to walk out of the room, leaving the little twirp in the office by himself, but as I am opening the door, I am tackled and brought to the floor. At first I can't breathe, the impact on the ground knocked the wind out of me. I go to punch Peeta again, but he blocks my punch and hits me hard in the stomach. His punch hurt. Wow, I guess The Hunger Games made him a lot stronger. I mean I always knew he was strong, but I never knew he was that strong. As I get up and go in for another punch, he grabs my wrist and flings me to the ground. He puts his foot on top of me so I can't get up. "Look, Gale, I don't want to fight, I just want to talk to you." He takes his foot off of me and reaches his