Hey everyone! This is just a one shot idea I had to get into the spirit of Valentine's day. I thought it would be adorable I mean, I love all Holidays and I really get into them! So, what I was thinking that throughout the year, on every major holiday (except St. Patrick's Day—I'm not Irish) I would post a one shot holiday story of what the characters are doing on that day! I think it would be really fun and each story will be about different characters (but they will all be Hunger Games characters) and I will do my best to update on the exact holiday, but sometimes I might forget! But anyways, this story is taking place the February before Katniss goes into the games, so Katniss and Peeta really haven't met yet! Anyways, enjoy! :) And Happy Valentine's Day! Gale's POV Today is Valentine's day! I have been saving for weeks so I can afford Katniss's Surprise that I am planning. First I head into the bakery to buy her a cupcake. When I walk in, I notice Peeta is behind the counter. I say "Hello" and then go on looking to see what they have that I can afford. I see two small chocolate cupcakes with white frosting and red and pink hearts all over it. Perfect I think. "I will take one of those heart cupcakes" I say to Peeta and I hand him the money. He nods and goes back to get a box for it. I had considered buying both but I have to make sure I have enough money left over to buy the rest of the stuff. When Peeta comes back in, he grabs one of the cupcakes and puts it in the box, then he grabs the other and puts it in too. I start to protest and tell him that I only wanted one, but he stops me. "These ones are old and stale, we are making some of the exact same ones now so you can just take them both. Besides, not many people want just one cupcake." I nod and thank him. The cupcakes didn't look at all stale or old to me, but what do I know about cupcakes? Next stop is the Hob. I enter and walk straight to Lisa, a young woman I once saw selling old ice skates. "Hey Lisa." I say "Why hello Gale! How may I help you?" "I was wondering if you were still selling those ice skates that you had a couple days ago?" "I am." She says. "But I will be honest, I don't even know what to do with them." "That's ok." I say, "My dad had an old pair as a child and I wanted to have another pair to give to my mother for her Birthday!" Lie. Lie. Lie. Ice Skates were very rare in District 12 because there were no lakes to ice skate on, but a few families still had some that their great great grandparents had before the Capital took over. My father had been one of those people and he taught me to ice skate before he died. I had always wanted to teach Katniss to ice skate, but my father only had little skates that he bought at the Hob for me when I was little and a large pair that were for men. Those fit me now, but they would never fit Katniss. So when I saw Lisa selling women size skates the other day, I thought I would buy them and teach Katniss to ice skate! "Gale, that is so sweet." Lisa cooed. "So how much are you willing to pay for them?" "Name your price." I say going into barter mode. "15 coins. After all, they are antique." She tries to argue. "5 coins." I shoot back. "Gale, now let's be fair. 13 coins?" "Look at the shape they are in. They will barely last 5 years. How about 7 coins?" "If you throw in a squirrel you have got a deal." Lisa quickly says. I pretend to ponder for a minute. "Deal" I say. I smile this is gonna be such a great day. After I pay Lisa, I check to see how many coins I have left. I originally had 27 and then spent 3 for the cupcake and 7 for the skates so I spent 10 and I have 17 left. I was surprised. I thought that I would have to at least pay 17 for the skates, and I didn't expect that I would have any money left over, but because I do, maybe I can get one more thing for Katniss. I start walking around trying to find something she might like. I stumble upon an old merchant woman that I have never seen around the Hob. She looks scared out of her wits, this is definitely her first visit to the Hob. She is holding something that looks like silver in her hand. I approach her. "Hello, what is it that you are willing to sell?" I ask. She holds out the silver object in her hand. It is a necklace with a small silver heart pendant with shiny things on one side.( A/N: To see a picture go to my profile and click the link that says 'Valentines Special Necklace') "It was a gift from my husband when we got married, he died a couple days ago and now it is just a painful reminder. Somebody told me to come here to sell it, but I don't even know what to do." She sighs. "I might be interested in it. Umm, is it real silver?" She nods. "And the crystals on the side," She points to the shiny things. "Are real diamonds." It is very pretty and I think Katniss would like it. "How much for it?" The old woman smiles. "Well, what would a young man like yourself want with something like this?" I start to blush. "I have a big Valentine's Day surprise planned for my best friend, and I have some money left over to buy her something else and I think that might be just perfect!" The old lady laughs. "I have a feeling you want to be something more than friends with this girl?" She asks. My face turns even redder than before. "How do you know? You don't even know me?" "A mother's intuition." Then she leans closer to me and whispers. "And I'm old, so I know some stuff. But you can't tell anyone that I'm old. Because I mean I don't show it at all." I laugh. "You remind me of my mother." "Well then she must be a lovely woman. But back to this necklace. I don't know much about bartering, but how much do you have?" "I only have 17 coins. I know it's probably not nearly enough, but I could also bring you four squirrels and a turkey a week for a month! And I could have my mother wash your clothes for free and—" The woman cuts me off. "How about you pay 15 and we call it even" I am shocked. Something like that is easily worth 50 coins and she is going to sell it to me for 15? I mean I know it's the Hob and stuff here is cheap, but that's low even for Hob standards! "Miss, no I can't. That's just—no, it's worth a lot more than that, and I'm not going to cheat you, especially when it probably has a lot of meaning to you." The woman laughs. "Actually, let's make it 13 coins, because you called me 'Miss.'" "No, I am not a cheater. I would never cheat anyone, especially not a woman, especially not when her husband recently passed." "Please?" She says. "I know who you are, and I know what you do and what you have been through. You are Gale Hawthorne? Aren't you? " "Yes, I am. But how do you know me?" "I was friends with your grandparent's. Not very close, but for some reason I was interested in your family. Your father took so many risks, hunting in the woods and all that. I don't know, I was always curious. That was of course back when I was younger, but I still recognize you." She sighs. "Now Gale, you lost a father when you were 14, you became the main provider for your family, your 3 younger siblings and mother! You were probably sad but you still did all that. I don't know anyone else who could handle all that!" "Katniss could." The woman gave me a funny look. "the girl I want to buy the necklace for, her name is Katniss. Her father died in the same mine explosion that mine did. Her father also took her in the woods to hunt. He taught her to use a bow and arrow. Katniss was 12 when her dad died. She had an 8 year old sister. After her father died, her mother went into depression and all she did was sit and cry in her room. She did that for about a year. That entire time, as a 12 year old, Katniss went into the woods alone, hunted with a bow and arrow and kept her family alive. What she did was harder than what I did. At least I had my mother, someone to comfort me. Katniss had no one and she was younger. She is much braver than me." "Gale, it doesn't matter. You were brave too. And you deserve happiness. And it sounds like Katniss does too. So, you are going to get this necklace for 13 coins, or I am going to give it to you for free, it is your choice." I hand her the 13 coins. "Thank you!" I say. "You don't know how much this means to me. You are so kind. If you need anything, please come to my family, we can help." She smiled. "Thank you, Gale, but I don't think I have much time left. And I had promised myself that I would do one good deed before I died, and now I have! Good bye Gale." And with that the woman left the Hob. That woman knew everything about me and did so much for me, and I didn't even know her name. After I went back home and picked up all the food for today, I ran to the woods to meet Katniss. Talking with the old lady had made me late and I didn't want to miss Katniss, because some days, when one of us was running late the other would just walk the snare line alone, and if Katniss left, that would ruin the whole surprise! Luckily when I got to the rock, Katniss was still there. "Hey Catnip!" I shout. "Sorry I'm late!" She laughs. "That's ok, I understand that all your girlfriends wanted a Valentine's Day kiss." I scowled. "I don't have any girlfriends." "Sure" She said and laughed. Was it just my imagination, or did she sound relieved after I said I didn't have a girlfriend? "Well, let's go Catnip, we've got a long walk if we want to make it to the lake before lunch time!" "Wait, why are we going to the lake? We never go in the winter I thought?" Then she noticed the big basket with the food and her gifts that I had tucked under my arm. She tried to peek under the top. "What's that?" "Oh nothing." I said and started walking. I grinned as I heard her run to catch up. "Aww come on Gale! What's in there?" Katniss begged. "You'll just have to wait and see I guess!" She scowled at me but continued to walk next to me. I could see the gears in her head working to figure out what I had planned, but if I knew Katniss—which I do—I know she will never figure it out! When