Hello all! First things first I AM NOT ABANDONING FIGHTING TEMPTATION! Just to put that out there. I'm working on the next chapter and hopefully will be updating soon. This oneshot is just something that I've been thinking about for a while and decided to put pen to paper - or keys to the screen? as it were :P Anyways, as always, enjoy, and let me know what you think! Let Her Go EPOV It wasn't meant to be like this. We were over. We were finished. It all ended years ago. So why did it hurt so bad to watch her walk away from me a second time? Why did it hurt so damn much to let her go? "Edward, did you hear me?" I looked up to see her stood by the door. She looked thoroughly fucked, her hair all mussed, her clothes all dishevelled. She looked a mess. She looked fucking perfect. "I said we can't do this anymore." I stared, uncomprehending. Why was she doing this? Again. She sighed heavily, looking down at her shoes in her hand, away from my glare. We both knew what she said was bullshit. She'd have another fight with that fucking tool, or she'd leave his bed unsatisfied, or she'd become tired and bored once again with the mundane routine that was now her life and she'd be crawling back into my bed, begging me to make her forget. It happened time and time again. And every fucking time she gave me the same speech before she left. "We can't do this anymore", "I love him", "I have my own life" blah fucking blah. "Yeah, okay, sweetheart, whatever you say." I muttered sarcastically as I stood, wrapping the sheet from the bed around my waist and heading out to the kitchen, brushing past her, to get some ice for my now warm whiskey. "Don't you dare talk to me like that," she shouted as she followed me. I winced, my head starting to pound. "Don't fucking shout at me," I yawned, scratching the back of my neck as I grabbed some ice from the freezer. "I'll shout whenever I fucking want." She snapped, "How dare you be so fucking patronising." I turned to face her, taking a sip of whisky from the tumbler in my hand. I blinked slowly. This was new. Our conversations never really went past her lecturing ritual. She usually decided this "thing" was finished and she would leave before running back to me again in less than forty-eight hours. Tops. She was glaring at me, her jacket still slung over one arm, her bag in one hand her heels in the other. She laughed once through her nose, humourlessly, shaking her head. "Un-fucking-believable." She said. "You can't say it, can you? You can't even say what you really want to say. You just make snide little comments, like you're better than everyone." "I don't want to say anything." I told her, calmly. "Really? So what did your little remark mean, then, huh?" "Oh, come on, darling, we both know you're full of shit." I swallowed the rest of the whiskey before pouring another glass. "And what the fuck is that supposed to mean?" I rolled my eyes, "It means you and I both know you're gonna be back here the second you get off work." "Yeah?" She asked angrily, "Well, at least you and I both know you'll be sat here waiting." She spun round heading for the door. My fingers clenched tightly around the tumbler. I laughed loudly without any fucking humour. Bitch didn't know shit. "You think you're the only pussy I'm getting?" I followed her as she stormed to the door but she turned sharply to face me at my utterance. "Please," I scoffed, "I mean, don't get me wrong, you're a nice little fuck and everything, but it's the blondes that really do it for me. If anything you're the bit on the side, hon. And if I'm being honest, not quite up to their standards." The heel of one of her shoes caught my temple. "Fuck!" I shouted, clutching my head. "Do you know how fucking close that was to my eye! You could have blinded me!" "No one talks to me like that." She was pointing her finger at me, her voice trembling in her anger. "No one." "What the fuck do you expect when you throw yourself at people like some whore?!" "I don't throw myself at anyone," she snapped, "You're a fucking booty call, Edward. You should really get off your fucking high horse and get over yourself. You're not that special." "Why the hell do you need a booty call, sweetheart?" I growled. "If your life is so perfect, if you're so in love with that asshole then why the fuck do you need me?" "I don't need you." She shouted, red in the face. "I don't need anything from you." "Then why are you here?" I roared. "Why do you come running back?" She spluttered angrily for an answer. "Exactly," I snapped when she couldn't find the words that adequately expressed how fucked up she was. She needed me and she in was in denial. The woman was hot on my heels as I made my way back to the bedroom, her bag and jacket thrown to the floor. "My life is perfect. You're right. I am in love with him. And you wanna know why? Because he's ten times the man you are." I laughed, putting the glass down on the bedside table. "Please, babe, if he satisfied you, if you were so fucking happy with him you wouldn't be here having this conversation." "Conversation?!" she shrieked, "You don't have the fucking mental capacity to hold a conversation, Edward, because once again you're drunk out of your fucking mind because you can't handle your pathetic excuse of a life." "Honey, you would know if I was drunk. This is called a hangover, and it's the worst fucking hangover known to man because I have some bat shit crazy woman – who lives her fucking life in the land of denial, in fact she's been there so fucking long she actually believes her own bullshit – screaming in my ear." "I'm in denial?!" She laughed derisively, "Edward, come on, let's be honest now. You think I believe my own bullshit?" "I know you do." She laughed again, softly this time, her voice low and tired. "Edward, you don't even know you're bullshitting anymore." I rolled my eyes, throwing myself backwards onto the bed, burying my face in my hands. "What do I bullshit about, then, huh?" "You can't admit to your own feelings." She said, with some resemblance of calm. "I can't feel anything apart from the pounding in my head because of your screaming." I muttered. "See, there you go again, skirting round the situation. You can't even finish a conversation, let alone anything else in your life." I thought I wasn't capable of holding a conversation, baby. "What's that supposed to mean?" I growled, lifting my head to look at her. "It means you never finish anything, you never see anything through. You jump from one job to the next knowing absolutely nothing about what you want to do with your life, you dropped out of college, you eat a hot pocket and call it dinner, and you fuck girl after girl and you can't even finish that properly." "Excuse me?" I sat up. "What? You're telling me they actually enjoy not achieving an orgasm because you blow it too fucking quick?" Now that was bullshit if I ever smelt it. I got to my feet quickly, fuming, my face inches away from hers. She didn't flinch or back away. My voice was low and fucking deadly. "You're telling me you didn't come, baby? You're telling me you weren't screaming my name not ten minutes ago as I pounded my cock into your pussy? Your dripping, wet pussy." I purred. Her chocolate eyes were darkening, her gaze became heated. She bit her rosy red bottom lip and fuck me if my dick didn't twitch under the sheet. Her chest was heaving as her eyes flickered from both of mine to my mouth and back again. I lifted my hand and brushed back a strand of hair from her flushed face before letting my fingertips trail sensually down her throat, over her collarbone. I squeezed her beautiful tit as I passed, down her toned, flat stomach to cup the heat between her legs. She let out a trembling breath. "You can lie to me all you want, sweetheart, but your body fucking sings to me." I moved my face closer to hers, so close I could count each of her eye lashes. My breath washed over her face as my lips murmured huskily against hers, "You can lie and pretend and bullshit all you want, but deep down, you know that you hate your life. You know that you're not in love with him. Deep down, you know you're craving something fresh, something raw, something exciting." I heard her shoe thump to the ground as she dropped it. I rubbed my hand against her, the other trailing up and down her arm before capturing her hand in mine. "You know that you want things that he can't give you, things that only I can give you." I moved my lips to her ear, grazing her lobe with my teeth. She shivered. "You know you need this." I moved her hand to rest on my bare chest, trailing it down my abs to my covered hard on. "You know you need me." I moved my lips back to hover over hers, not kissing her, not yet, but just close enough that my mouth grazed gently across hers when I spoke again. "You know you fucking love it." Her arms were suddenly thrown around my neck, her mouth crashing to mine, and I caught her as she jumped, her legs wrapping around my waist, my hands holding her up by her delectable ass. "I fucking hate you." She growled between kisses, thrusting her tongue into my mouth. "I fucking hate you, too." I muttered as I stumbled backwards until the back of my legs hit the bed. "Why do you do this to me?" She whimpered as I kissed down her neck before turning, spinning us round and throwing her onto the bed. She bounced with a yelp. "Asshole." Before she leaned up on her knees to grab me by my hair, smacking our lips together in a furious kiss, bringing me down to her as she lowered back to the bed. I shoved off her little sexy waistcoat and unbuttoned her white, crisp shirt as she untied the knot I had made in the bed sheet around my waist. I didn't bother pulling the shirt completely off her shoulders before I reached down to unbutton her slacks and yank them off her legs. Her smooth, creamy legs, the kind teenage boys had wet dreams about. I licked my lips and grinned when I saw she hadn't bothered putting her panties back on. She watched me through long lashes and heavy lidded eyes, lust radiating from her in waves, as I leaned down to swipe my tongue across her delicious pussy. She cried out, arching her back as she grasped my hair in her fists, tugging and pulling. I lapped at her entrance, thrusting my tongue in and out, loving her taste, never able to get enough of it. I replaced my tongue with my fingers, rubbing against that little spot that made her toes curl. "Unnggh!" She whimpered. I wrapped my lips around her clit and sucked, flicking my tongue against it over and over. I had her fucking screaming. Fuck that. I had her screaming my name. She gasped, panting breathlessly when she finally opened her eyes, but I wasn't finished with her yet. I