New story. Don't panic, Fighting Temptation WILL be completed, a chapter will be posted soon. Rated M for the good stuff ;) Chapter One Once Upon a Time I swayed my hips, allowing my body to move to the beat of the music, ignoring everyone around me. I was in my own world, I felt as though I was the only one on the dance floor, the lights flashing across my body, the music, the lyrics, the rhythm, my heart pounding in my chest. The darkness of the club was surrounding me, the heat of the bodies grinding, moving together in a small, enclosed space, radiating lust. I could feel multiple eyes on me, I could feel the men staring in appreciation, the women glaring daggers. I didn't care about them. I didn't care about any of it. It was just me. And him. ... It was just her. She was in the middle of the dance floor, moving her body sensually, effortlessly, like there was nobody else in the room. She was aware of no one. Her eyes were closed as her hands occasionally drifted to run through the sexy mess of perfected imperfect curls before sliding them down her body. The fitted, short, sequined blue dress highlighted the lines of her curves strikingly. When she turned away from me I pursed my lips against the groan of both frustration and gratitude to whatever Gods there could possibly be out there. Frustration because I could no longer see her face, the beautiful arch of her cheekbones tinted rose, her full pink mouth, slightly parted, the look of pure lust that shone from all her features bar her unopened eyes. Gratitude because this stunning creature was surely the masterpiece of some higher power. Gratitude to the man, because I was sure it was most definitely a man, who designed such a dress that exposed the entire creamy expanse of her back. Gratitude, as I realised it was surely impossible to be able to wear such an item of clothing, swooping so low it just covered the skin along the length of her hips, whilst wearing something underneath. It was this thought that drove me to throw back the last of my drink and move myself away from the bar towards this delightful creature. ... He thought I had no idea he was looking, he thought I had no idea that he had been staring the whole night from his perch at the bar. How could I not notice him? I had never seen anything like him in my life. He was beautiful. Otherworldly. His gorgeous bronze locks in a contained disarray that I wanted to run and tug my fingers through. I wanted to grip and hold on tight to the wide, hard, strong shoulders he was hiding under his dark, charcoal grey shirt. His lips had curved perfectly in a half-smile as the girl behind the bar handed him his drink. I could only imagine what they would feel like against my own, caressing my skin, or what would be blazing in his emerald green eyes as they smouldered down at me. But what got me the most was not his hair, or his eyes, or his lean – yet surely muscular body, nor was it the long fingers that wrapped around the bottle in his hand – it was his perfectly crafted and sculpted jaw. The masculine, sharp, strong line of his jaw, dusted with a little five o'clock shadow. I wanted to bite it. I wanted him. Just for the night. I wanted a meaningless, wild night of passion. And so my carefree dancing had turned into a performance, one designed to invite him in. It was primal, almost animalistic, I was a female looking for a mate, I was willing and waiting, all he had to do was pounce. And pounce he did. Out the door? I had turned back, ready to let him know I was aware of him watching, only to find the stool empty. I frowned. When suddenly large hands with long fingers wrapped around my hips, tugging me backwards to press against him, the side of his face against mine, his chin pressed to my cheekbone. I grinned, rocking my hips, grinding my bottom into his groin as his hands moved to my wrists, lifting them up above my head. I felt his hands glide, slowly, down my sleeved arms, grazing the sides of my breasts and I moved my own to tangle my fingers, finally, in his hair, my head tilting back to rest against his shoulder. I shivered when I felt his breath wash over me, his nose running a line back and forth from the hollow of my ear along to where my neck met my shoulder. Reluctantly, I let go of his hair, needing something a little…more. I ran my fingertips along his forearms to cover his hands where they had been wrapped around my waist. Slowly, I guided one up and the other down, closer and closer, lower and lower down my abdomen until his hand tensed and the tip of his little finger was hardly an inch away from where I was aching for him, and he pulled me impossibly tighter to him. The other hand I had pushed higher and higher until he was kneading my breast through my dress. ... I was a fool. I had thought I held the power when really, this mesmerizing woman had me wrapped around her little finger. She thought I was unaware of the fact that she knew I had been watching her and I had played it to my advantage. When the little minx had finally turned back to glance at me at the bar I had made my way through the crowd and slipped behind her, wrapping my hands around her tiny hips and pulling her back to press against my chest. But now the sexy little thing was grinding back against me, tugging my hands all over her body. When my left hand was mere centimeters away from the heat between her legs and my right moulding against one of her breasts, I couldn't help but surrender to the groan, as I squeezed, kneaded, feeling her nipple harden through her dress. I needed to get the control back. I needed to let her know I was the one calling the shots, not her. I let my lips caress the skin of her neck, finally, as I had been waiting to do all night. I waited for the little sigh that escaped her before sharply spinning her around to face me, flush, tight, against my chest. She gasped in surprise and her eyes snapped open. I had thought the lust was rolling off her in waves, it had been in the way she had moved, teasing and taunting me, in her body, her hands, her face. It was nothing compared to the desire in her rich chocolate eyes, they were burning, wanting, needing. They drew me in and I couldn't look away. I felt my forehead fall to hers, our noses grazing against one another, the hint of a kiss, so close and yet so far, our lips barely brushing together. Not quite meeting in the way they wanted to, just open mouths, breathing harsh ragged, sweet breaths, mingling together. My hand on the small of her back tugged her tighter, pushing her heat to mine and she gasped again at the sudden movement. I tasted the sweet breath of cherries against my tongue. I grinned. This woman may have had me surrendering to her needs, her body, she may have managed to draw me in as she had planned but I was the one with the power. She was tiny, my 6'1 frame towering over her, wrapped around her and there was nothing she could do about it. Yet she didn't want to do anything about it. Her eyes told me everything. We moved, danced, swayed close together never parting, exchanging the heated breaths between us. Her hands moved from my hair to my chest, my shoulders, my upper arms, anywhere she could reach, I couldn't keep mine away from the skin of her back, so silky and smooth I couldn't stop. Her core ground against my hardness as we moved and I finally dragged my hands lower to mould around her pert behind, encouraging the rocking, willing her never to stop. I don't know how long we were dancing for but my forehead and the skin of her back were beginning to dampen with perspiration. All night we moved together, grinding, rubbing, stroking, our mouths, open and brushing against one another though never meeting in a kiss. Teasing. But I needed more. I needed her. I needed to get her somewhere private. Now. "Let's get out of here." I breathed. ... "I thought you'd never ask." I grabbed his hand and we somehow found ourselves in a taxi and I blurted out my address to the driver. I needed to feel him. I didn't care we were in the back of a car, I didn't care that the driver would probably catch an eyeful, and he didn't seem to care either. He slid his body up close next to mine, sharing my seat behind the driver, as one arm slid around behind my back, pulling me closer to him, the other trailing up my thigh as his lips finally attacked my neck. I gasped as the soft, wet kisses abruptly halted and his fingers met my heat. He lifted his head to look me in the eye. I simply smirked with a knowing smile before a slow crooked grin spread across his face and a wicked gleam appeared in his green eyes. He pressed small sweet kisses up along my jaw before his lips reached my ear. "No panties?" He whispered. I bit my lip to keep from making any noise for fear the driver would hear me. "Dirty girl." He murmured, his teeth tauntingly grazing my ear lobe. I grabbed at his thigh, squinting my eyes shut as his fingers began to stroke my highly aroused and throbbing centre. "Please," I whispered as his fingertips ever so softly grazed my lips. "Please what?" He whispered back between kisses to my neck. I frowned, frustrated that he was touching me enough to tease but not to bring the satisfying friction I needed. I refused to beg and that was something he was about to learn. With the hand that had clutched at his thigh I brushed the back of my fingers against the prominent hardness beneath his jeans. I bit my lip, realising just how big he was but refused to show my joyous surprise, instead giving him an innocent smile as his eyes fluttered shut and his jaw snapped together. I twisted so my front was pressed to his side, resting my head against the back of the seat, watching his face closely as the hand between my legs faltered. Not so cocky now. I trailed my fingertips up and down, scratching my nails lightly over the material. "Mmf." The noise of appreciation was low and quiet and so goddamn sexy. He arched his hips ever so slightly as his hand cupped around the inside of my thigh, squeezing in encouragement. "Please." Gotcha. "Please what?" I taunted. A smirk touched his lips before I could take it no more and pressed my mouth to his. He was startled, clearly not expecting it, but responded quickly, moving his hands to cradle my face as I tugged his shirt, pulling him to me. His tongue flickered against mine and my core throbbed in hope of what was to come. "Ever had an orgasm in a cab before?" He whispered into my mouth. My eyes shot open wide in surprise to meet with his as I shook my head, keeping my lips fused to the mouth that was doing delicious things to my tongue. "Can you