New story. I know I have a million unfinished ones but it's the reviews that encourage me to keep writing :) M for language and lemons. Chapter One I strolled down the nearly abandoned beach as the evening sun warmed my face, my bare toes burying in the sand – my heels in one hand and the part of my dress bunched in the other. My brown locks were falling from the up do hairstyle that my new step-mother wanted her bridesmaids to have so I took it down and my hair fell in waves like a waterfall, I pulled it to the side over one shoulder and gazed out at the sea. Why everyone had left the beach I had no idea, it was the most beautiful time of day to come to the beach to watch the sunset, but it was nice to have it all to myself, aside from the few stragglers packing up their things and heading back to hotels and homes. I thanked the Lord none of my newfound family had decided to follow me out here. My father had finally remarried after seventeen long years since his and my mother's divorce, and today, here on a beautiful Spanish island he and his fiancée – or wife now I suppose – got married. I had a whole new family. Sue Clearwater, well, Swan I guess, had been a widow to one of my father's friends. She and her two children, Leah and Seth would be moving in with us. I liked Seth, he was a good kid and at fifteen years old he still had some of his innocence left about him. Leah on the other hand was the same age as me, just a couple of months younger and I knew two eighteen-year-old girls living together was going to be a nightmare, especially when one of them clearly hated the other for no apparent reason. Well, there may have been a tiny, little, itsy-bitsy reason as to why she loathed me but I was pretty sure she didn't know anything about that. Yeah, it was pretty obvious as she scowled viciously at me from across my kitchen table that we weren't going to grow a new sort of sisterly bond any time soon. Seth told me it was nothing personal, Leah wasn't looking forward to the idea of having a new sister or having a cop as a step-dad. I had to admit the whole cop thing was a downside; it had taken me years to perfect the skills it took for me to be able to do the shit I did right under Charlie's nose. It wasn't something you could teach. Either way, personal or not, Leah didn't like me so I was more than happy to stay out of her way. It wasn't like I gave a shit about what she, or anyone else for that matter, thought of me. She had just given me the perfect excuse to get out of the house more. It was this exact excuse that had me out here now, strolling the beach alone in a long, purple halter-neck dress finally glad to be rid of the heels. I didn't mind dressing up, but this really wasn't my style, I was more of a short skirts, tight jeans and small tops kind of girl. Meh, I had the body. If you've got it, flaunt it - as my best friend Rose would say. She too had a similar style but she liked to dress up in long ball gowns and uppity hair dos whenever she got the chance. Her theory was that I wasn't a fan because I had yet to meet somebody I wanted to dress up for, maybe she was right, but Rose loved to glam up both before and after she met the "love of her life" – a big bear of a football player who was the goofiest most lovable guy you could ever meet. But she didn't love him. Rose may have thought she loved Emmett but she didn't. She was seventeen for crying out loud she didn't know what love was. I think Rose just liked the idea of being in love rather than actually being in love. Anyway, the second I told her Charlie and Sue were getting married she was rummaging through her walk-in-closet squealing excitedly about how she could wear her new dress. That dream crashed and burned pretty quickly when I gave her the news. Charlie and Sue wanted a small wedding with only immediate family, abroad. Yay. My stunning model of a best friend sulked about that one for a week before Sue invited her to the hen-night, which actually turned out to be a spa weekend. Rosalie was in heaven and told me she was ready to marry Sue herself. I, however, would have preferred a club and some shots and the odd stripper or two – but to each their own. "Hi there." A smooth velvety voice made me jump and spin round. The dress, now way too long due to the absence of high heels, tangled around my feet and I felt myself beginning to fall. I shut my eyes and prepared to get soaked when strong, warm arms wrapped around me ceasing my ever so elegant fall from grace. I felt rather than heard the beautiful chuckle rumbling in his chest and looked up to see the most beautiful sight on Earth. If there were only ever two things in my life I would claim absolute certainty of it would be these two facts: this guy was not a high-school boy, he was man, all man, probably in his early to mid-twenties and fuck me sideways if I didn't find that attractive. And second, this man was stunning. He was gorgeous. He was perfection. He was fucking sex on legs. He had smouldering green eyes and a sexy crooked smile that made my belly flip and coil. His mess of copper hair looked like he just got out of bed but in the most stylish way imaginable and blew gently in the breeze. And here I was gaping at him like a fish out of water. Brilliant. I giggled breathlessly like a fucking giddy schoolgirl. His smile widened as he gazed down at me with those panty-dropping glinting eyes, "You okay, beautiful?" Shit. With a voice like that he could just read Rosalie's Vogue magazine aloud and talk me to an orgasm. I opened my mouth to answer, then I closed it and then I opened it…and then I nodded. Crap. He chuckled again and my girl parts tingled. "I…um, you can let go of me now." No. No that was not what I wanted. "Oh," he laughed, "Sorry, about that." I shook my head, "It's okay." He bent down and picked up the shoes I had dropped and handed them to me. "Thanks." I took them from him. "You're welcome." He smiled and I wanted to rip his white cotton shirt off and see if his abs were as bangable-worthy as his face. "So what's your name?" "Bella. Bella Swan." "That's pretty. I'm Edward Cullen." He held out his hand and I had to restrain myself so I wouldn't launch myself at him. I shook his hand and I bit my lip to stop a whimper from escaping. They were good hands. Sexy hands. Big hands…you know what they say about hands… "You're from the US." I stated more to distract myself than anything else but I wouldn't mind hearing his voice again. He nodded, "You got me. I'm from Chicago." I smiled, "Good movie." He chuckled, "Yeah I guess, if you're into all that jazz." I laughed once, shaking my head, "That was a terrible joke." "What can I say?" He gave a half shrug, "Wasn't one of my best. You're making me nervous." I raised an eyebrow sceptically. "How could you not, you're absolutely beautiful. I should have you know I'm usually a very smooth talker, this doesn't normally happen to me." I narrowed my eyes slightly and nodded, "Mmm, very modest too." "Well, I don't usually have to point out all my good traits to girls but I'm feeling the need to impress you." I played along, biting my lip. "How do I know this isn't what you do with all the girls? Claim naivety and have them fawning over your apparent vulnerability and sweetness?" He held his hands up, "Aah, you got me." I laughed and started to slowly walk across the shore. "Hey, where are you going?" He called, jogging after me. "Escaping your attempt at picking me up like all the other girls that have fallen victim to your predatory ways." Big fat liar. I'm playing hard to get and you are so totally fucking falling for it. He laughed, "Mind if I walk with you?" "Well, that really wouldn't be much of an escape plan now would it?" I smirked but nodded. He smiled, "I guess not. So, what brings you out here dressed like you're heading for a ball?" I quirked an eyebrow, "Flattery will get you no where Mr Cullen." Yes, yes it would. He grinned, "Who said it was a compliment, I could have been implying how extremely overdressed you are for such a casual setting." "Well in that case, I've just come from my father's wedding." "Aah, so you're parents…" "Divorced. A very long time ago." "I see. Lived with your mom then?" I shook my head, "Nope. She lives in Florida. We're not very close." "I'm sorry to hear that." He frowned. I shook my head with an easy smile and shrug. "There's nothing to be sorry for, she has her life and I have mine." Edward smiled, "You're very selfless, Bella. I like that." I smiled in return though it was a little strained. I never spoke about personal things with guys, or with anyone really, it was time for a topic change. "So what brings you out here dressed in what is apparently perfectly acceptable clothing for such a setting?" He laughed, "Had to get away from my sister, she's driving me a little crazy at the moment." "You here on holiday with her?" He nodded, "Yeah, and a few friends. Just wanted a bit of time alone, you know." "And yet you're stalking me." I gave him and teasing look. He laughed loudly. "Yeah, I guess I am. Funny that." I glanced at him in question. He explained, "I came out here for some peace and quiet yet I feel totally content talking to you." "Ditto." I winked. Suddenly he dropped down onto the sand facing the sea and grabbed my hand, pulling me down with him making yelp. "What the fuck was that?" I asked with a laugh. "Potty mouth." He scolded but his eyes were burning with what could only be identified as lust, "Don't you want to watch the sunset?" I righted myself so I was more comfortable. "Yes I did, but what happened to all that charm? Now you've got the girl you resort to throwing her on the floor instead of a candlelit picnic on the beach?" I teased. Edward was grinning widely. "What?" I asked. "I've got the girl have I?" Though his eyes were teasing there was something in his voice and the way that he looked at me that made my girl parts wet with anticipation. The air between us suddenly seemed to be alive with electricity and I wanted nothing more than to lean in and kiss him. I wanted to know if his lips were as smooth at they looked. I wanted to run my hands through his hair and see if it was as soft as I thought it would be. A tingling sensation ran through my body as I imagined what his hands would feel like in my own hair, on my waist, running up and down my sides, on the small of