Author's note: This started as a small companion piece to "Fortune Presents Gifts Not According to the Book" but in that story they had not yet visited Fangorn or the Glittering Caves. I wanted to make use of those settings so I guess this is an AU of an AU (whoops). You don't need to have read the other story for this to make sense, it is a self-contained piece. Also, it is primarily based on the book rather than the film, and the sequence of events surrounding the story reflects this, but you don't really need any familiarity with the book to follow the story if you've only seen the film, just know that there is a gap in time of about a month between Aragorn's coronation and the arrival of Arwen. ooooo Gimli had just winked at him. Winked at him, like he were no more than a simple child, after he'd just— "We're more common than you think, elf. We simply prefer not to reveal the nature of ourselves but to those we trust with such knowledge." Legolas stared at his friend for several long moments, reply dying on his lips. His mouth remained slightly open in an expression that would, indeed, be more fitting on a confused child than an ageless elf. They had traveled hundreds of miles, fought, faced death and, indeed, nearly the end of everything good in the world, together. Never had Legolas suspected for a moment… Legolas tilted his head slightly as Gimli barely held back laughter, eyes crinkling and mouth turning up in the effort. He didn't see what was so funny, really (and desperately wished he could stop blushing, he could still feel the flush of heat reaching to the very tips of his ears). Was he really that blind? Gimli had been his closest companion since… well, since Lothlorien, anyway. No time at all in the long life of an elf, really, but somehow it seemed liked they'd been friends forever, if only recently had they become aware of it. And yet he'd never considered for a moment that Gimli was anything but what "he" had presented herself as. He'd thought Gimli's preference for privacy over their journey was simply a dwarven trait, famous as they were for keeping to themselves, but not an attempt to hide — Gimli laughed in earnest as she wrapped an arm about his waist, nearly dragging him down the hallway. Legolas pulled away from her friendly grasp, suddenly. Gimli turned to face him, her mirth gone. "Legolas—" She cleared her throat and lowly mumbled something in her dwarf-language. "Legolas, you have to understand, I never truly meant to hurt anyone. In Rivendell, I wasn't sure I'd be respected... well for many reasons, but this also. My father also had advised me… and then when we nine all left on this quest, I was sure I'd be turned away if… Legolas, it is different for dwarves than it is for men, or even for elves." Legolas said nothing still, which only seemed to increase Gimli's distress. She briefly covered her face in her hands. "This was never meant as some cruel trick or jest, you know that, right?" Legolas stared down at her for a moment longer. "Gimli… you let me believe for months … we've spent all this time sparring and riding together like… Gimli, a lie of omission is still a lie ." Legolas turned away from her. He wasn't angry, truly, but still somehow… hurt. He wasn't altogether sure why it upset him or why he was suddenly now so embarrassed over, well, everything . "Gimli, I thought you trusted me. Despite the long unfortunate history between our peoples… I believed us friends." Gimli huffed and kicked lightly at his heel. "I do trust you, you daft elf! And we are still friends, at least for my part. I meant to tell you, eventually, but there never seemed an appropriate moment to speak of it. Why is this so difficult for you to understand? It is not uncommon among dwarves for all of us to go to war, nor do we segregate ourselves as others do. Truthfully, we often let men and elves think us all male as it just makes certain things… well, easier ." Gimli ducked around Legolas to stand in front of him, although Legolas still did not quite meet her eyes. "I am still Gimli , just as I was yesterday! Did we not ride together with the Rohirrim? Did we not shed the blood of many orcs to defend this world? We have traveled across half of Arda in the same cause! Nothing's changed! " When Legolas gave no further response, Gimli shook her head and turned from him, grumbling to herself and stomping off down the hallway toward (hopefully, if the freshly-crowned king's staff weren't all still sleeping off their hangovers) some kind of breakfast, leaving the stubborn, befuddled elf standing in the hallway. As Gimli disappeared around a corner, Legolas fell back against the wall, crossing his arms tightly over his chest, as though in pain. This should be a simple, joyful time , he thought – they were victorious in battle, the Ring was destroyed and the day before had been Aragorn's coronation, followed by merriment well into the night. " Why didn't I knock before I opened that thrice-damned door ?" Legolas thumped the back of his head lightly against the masonry a few times, trying to figure out how everything had gone pear-shaped since he'd awoken. He'd slept off the evening's wine sprawled sideways across Gimli's bed, his head pillowed against the dwarf's leg. He'd awoken with the first rays of dawn and left Gimli still snoring to return to his own room to change into something fresh. When he'd returned, he hadn't even considered that Gimli might not be sleeping still, long into the morning as usual after such revelry. He'd heedlessly thrown wide the door, and there he… she was, stripped completely naked, her rumpled and stained clothing tossed carelessly over the floor, standing before a mirror struggling to comb out hopelessly tangled hair. Even the long dwarven beard could not wholly hide her very much female form. Legolas had frozen like a frightened rabbit, unable to retreat or, indeed, draw breath, for several long moments. A half-hearted shout and a comb aimed squarely at his forehead finally got him moving; he'd slammed the door and slid to the ground against the opposite wall, feeling his face burning. Several minutes later, the then fully clothed owner of the comb appeared to retrieve the item, and he was still sitting where he, and the comb, had landed. " Gimli…you're… a lady?!" ooooo Gimli grumbled to herself as she ate what had been laid out – simple fare compared to the nearly endless feast of the night before, and all the more welcome for it. She was attacking her bread with butter and shaking her head as Gandalf (who was staying in the same guest quarters adjacent the King's halls as himself, Legolas and the Hobbits) joined her. "Is anything wrong, my dear dwarf? It seems a fine morning." Gimli glanced up at the wizard as he sat across from her, slicing a thick piece from the soft bread and pulling a pot of jam from middle of the table for himself. Gimli took a bite of her own slice and chewed at the bit of crust longer than was strictly necessary. "'Tis nothing important… just a certain idiot who won't listen to good reason." Gandalf slowly spread jam over his bread, watching Gimli under his bushy eyebrows, waiting. They ate in silence for several minutes before Gimli suddenly tossed the remaining crust onto the table and massaged at the headache building behind her forehead. "Sometimes something is really very simple, but certain individuals want to make it out to be something far more significant than it truly is." Gandalf sucked a bit of jam from the ends of his fingers and nodded at the dwarf. "Hmmm, I suppose in some matters that may be true. But what may be insignificant to one may truly be quite a serious thing to another. I suppose it is often a matter of perspective." Gimli took up the remaining crust of her bread and jammed it into her mouth, saying nothing. Gandalf rose suddenly from his seat and pulled a long-stemmed pipe out of some hidden pocket. "Care to join me?" Gimli shrugged and followed him out onto a nearby porch, still chewing her breakfast. She did not have her own pipe with her and did not wish to return to her room to retrieve it; Legolas' room was nearby and she did not want to risk that he might still be pouting in the hallway where'd she left him; her temper was still inflamed and another quarrel so soon would not do either of them any good. Gandalf blew a few smoke rings of various colors and left them spinning and floating aimlessly about the porch in the pale morning sunlight. There was a breeze, but it was already growing warm and a few fair-weather clouds were traveling swiftly across the sky above them. Birds were flitting about and busying themselves in the trees of the city as Spring wore on. One could almost believe that they had not lately fought in such a terrible war. Gimli sat on the bench beside him, leaning on a railing and looking out over the city and the fields beyond it. There were still scars remaining across the land from the battle, but the grasses would grow quickly with the rains of spring and early summer, and soon engulf them. ooooo Several days passed and Gimli did not see Legolas but in passing. Sometimes she would glimpse him walking down a hallway, or catch the flash of his long hair as he turned a corner, or peering over a parapet to find him at a distance on another level of the city. The Men of Minas Tirith had been working swiftly to repair the damage done during the war, both within the city and beyond it. Gimli busied herself with the local masons, advising them how best to shape and set new stones to repair damaged walls and buildings. She'd hailed a passing raven and sent message to Erebor for aid – no doubt they were still busy finishing up their own repairs, but if perhaps they could spare a few skilled dwarves, things would run more swiftly and to better quality. Minas Tirith was a fair city and the sight of the broken stones of the walls pained her. She hoped a reply would come soon; if nothing else she missed the company of other dwarves (who understood certain things much better than certain stubborn elves). In the evenings, she found herself most often smoking with Gandalf or with the young hobbits. After the second week, she saw Legolas not at all. "I, uh... I don't suppose you know where the elf has gone?" She hoped her tone did not betray her growing anxiety – Legolas had not spoken to her since the morning after Aragorn's coronation and "The Incident" (as it became in her mind). She was beginning to worry that it was more than mere embarrassment at accidentally peeping on her undressed that was keeping him away. Gandalf peered at her for a moment in that unsettling way that always made Gimli suspect the wizard could truly read minds. She scratched at her neck nervously, despite herself. "He has gone with a group of Rangers into Ithilien; I believe he has some personal interest in the region. I am surprised he did not tell you where he was going… or invite you to come along, for that matter." Gimli merely shrugged, not wanting to betray her true feelings on the matter any more than she already had. "He does not need my permission