(A/N: Fucking up the timelines from the Appendices, and a whole lot else besides, apologies. Call it artistic license for the sake of a bit of self-indulgent fluff I guess.) "Oh, this is going to be good, my love." Light feminine laughter, like bells. "High time that lot all had a good shaking up" Deeper laughter echoed. ooooo Legolas smiled to himself as the dwarf behind him dozed lightly against his back. The stout arms at their customary position around his waist maintained their firm grip, but the occasional snuffling or soft snore reached his sensitive elven ears (Legolas recalled a time when Gimli would not have dared to relax upon the back of a horse, having no trust for such beasts). He slowed their mount to a leisurely walk, not wanting to awaken Gimli. There was no hurry to get anywhere, anyway. They'd just had a brief visit to their friends in the Shire and had no particular destination at the moment, just enjoying being on the road and taking in the sights of Arda together, enjoying the hard-won peace which followed the great war. The two would eventually make their way to Fangorn and the Glittering caves, but there was plenty to see on the way. Today, the East Road was mostly empty of travelers, save the occasional group of men or dwarven traders taking their wares toward Bree or the Misty Mountains, and the surrounding country was blessedly calm. The few surviving orcs in these parts were unlikely to leave their deepest hiding places in mountains so soon after the downfall of Saruman and Sauron. It had been good to see Frodo, Sam, Merry and Pippin again. The Shire was already repairing and rebuilding and married life seemed to suit Frodo's gardener well. Although Frodo clearly still suffered the effects of their journey, the passage of a little time had improved his spirits. Perhaps a visit to Imladris would be in order? They were quite nearby, a few hours away. They might as well impose on that famous hospitality for a night or two and enjoy sleeping in proper beds (as well as imposing upon Lord Elrond's skills as a healer, if Legolas could overcome Gimli's stubborn pride long enough to allow being looked over by an elf). Legolas placed a hand over Gimli's at his waist and rubbed his thumb over the other's course fingers affectionately. The dwarf had been subdued in humor lately, often grumpy (well, more often than usual), and had been sleeping more and difficult to rouse in the mornings (although this seemed to have no ill effect on Gimli's appetite, which was as ravenous as ever). Legolas wasn't overly worried, but not knowing a great deal about dwarven physiology, he had been keeping a closer eye on her, despite her insistence that she was perfectly healthy, other than a few bouts of indigestion. Yes, she …. That had been something of a revelation, nearly a year and a half ago. Legolas had long known that dwarves were a secretive people, and had also known that dwarven women were considered somewhat mythical, or at least a rare occurrence. He remembered Gimli speaking to Eowyn about the rumors passed around among men and elves about dwarves, about there being no dwarf women but that dwarves simply sprang full-formed from the earth. He'd found it amusing at the time but had not given it any real thought. We're more common than you think, elf. We simply prefer not to reveal the nature of ourselves but to those we trust with such knowledge. He.. no, she , had winked at him then and laughed heartily at the elf's wide-eyed astonishment. Gimli had made it clear she expected him to treat her the same as always and would tolerate no mollycoddling. Then they both firmly agreed it would not change the nature of their friendship. Legolas had earned a few knocks and stern looks shortly after gaining this knowledge, after slipping and treating her like she had somehow become fragile; Legolas had quickly remembered his respect for the formidable dwarven warrior lest he have to be reminded (somewhat painfully) again. Really, it all had been a nice thought at the time, but over the following months, it became quite clear they could not pretend that it made no difference. Their friendship had been a deep connection even before, and after had turned in quite an impossible direction. Yes, impossible was a good word for it. It was absurd, they knew. Taboo, even. Simply not done . And yet, they did it. Secretly, but they did it – exchanged their vows standing on stone, above the bones of Arda, and under bough and sky, with only birds and beasts and the stars above to bear witness. Judgment and consequences be damned, despite everything, they loved each other , and all other enmity and disagreement aside, elves and dwarves shared one important aspect – most of them loved only once, and irrevocably. They could no more deny the calling of their own hearts than pluck them out of their chests and survive to tell of it. And may the Valar help them if the truth ever got out into the ears and on the wagging tongues of the world... ooooo Legolas perched on a fallen log, idly poking at the embers in front of him with the tip of an arrow, watching Gimli tossing and turning on her bedroll a few feet away, tangled up in a miserable knot of blankets, hair and beard. It would seem neither of them would be getting any rest tonight; Legolas had no need of sleep this particular night and in stark contrast to her recent habits, Gimli seemed incapable of it. Hours before, he had laid down close behind Gimli in an attempt to offer comfort, as they often laid curled up with one another on those nights Legolas did sleep (or after, well, other nocturnal activities), only this time to be brusquely shoved away, accompanied by grumbling about elves and their boundary issues. Legolas was used to Gimli's temper and occasional turns of mood, which seemed to have become more volatile of late, and tried not to take it personally. Tried, being the operative word. He speared a bit of smoldering wood with an arrowhead and flung it neatly into the nearby stream. The moon lay low in the sky and a greenish hue outlining the peaks of the Misty Mountains at the opposite horizon heralded the coming dawn. He stood and went over to their packs, fishing around for a something to break their fast. There was a loud huff and the shifting of cloth behind him. "Do what ya like, but don't bother wi' anything for me this morning. Stomach's cramping something awful." Gimli pulled her boots on haphazardly and stomped off into the woods, presumably to relieve herself; her poor rest clearly improving her mood from the night before not one jot. Legolas shoved the small frying pan back into Gimli's pack and pulled out a bit of stale lembas instead. He reminded himself that he loved his dwarf dearly, even when she was being a complete— "Legolas!" A startling thread of fear in her voice had Legolas on his feet before Gimli's cry ended, shouldering his bow and grabbing hold of his dagger as he dashed off in the direction of her voice, fearing the worst. "LEGOLAS!" His ears rang with the second full-throated shout, which met him as he entered a small gap in the shrubbery. There were no orcs or trolls about, but the queer sight before him had the elf's heart lodging itself in the back of his throat. Gimli squatted on the grass, trousers bunched around her boots and thoroughly soaked through, liquid glistening in patches on the grass beneath her as well. His first thought was that she'd simply had an "accident", but there was too much for it to have simply been a mistimed full bladder, so what…? Legolas stood and stared in shock and incomprehension. "Laddie… love, I need ye shut yer gapin' mouth an' help me up." The dwarf reached a hand up toward her husband. "Before the next Age would work for me!" Legolas blinked and grabbed the proffered hand, hauling Gimli to her feet. Gimli fisted the waist of her ruined trousers in her other hand and pulled them up, not bothering with the laces and ignoring the wetness as much as possible as she all but dragged the stunned elf back toward their little camp. It was several long moments before Legolas found his voice. "Gimli… what exactly happened just now?" Gimli stopped and peered up at Legolas but did not let go of his hand. "M'waters broke, apparently." "Your.. 'waters' ? You don't mean you're, ah… you're…" He wasn't looking at her as he spoke, but staring off at some mid-point in the distance. He couldn't even bring himself to say it. There's a good portent for the future of this little family , Gimli thought. She swallowed thickly. "The common term is 'pregnant' I think. Expectin'. With child. Or whatever other asinine euphemism you prefer. An' nearly done apparently." Legolas' head swam as the world seemed to tilt sideways. Never in his dreams did he believe they would ever, could ever… "How… when… how is this possible ?" Gimli's thick brows drew together, her patience wearing out. Her husband still wasn't even looking at her. The cramping in her belly was not yet alarming but the whole situation was growing very irksome indeed. "If I recall correctly, my dear elf, you were there at the time. Many times, in fact. Seemed to enjoy it, even! Or are you going to accuse me of running off with some fancy dwarrow in the middle of the night, hm?" The barbed statement hit its mark, all too well. Gimli's… condition… apparently had not dulled her love of sarcasm. Legolas finally turned to look down at her, crossly. "That's an unfair thing to say, you know well I would never—" Gimli huffed and nodded at him, her temper cooling somewhat. She did not doubt his love for her, never doubted his heart. His wits at the moment, however… "I've never heard tell of such a thing, love, but elves and dwarves have never been in the habit of marrying, so how on Arda would anyone know if no one has ever tried? Bit of a surprise for me this morning as well, you know!" Legolas tried to swallow around the lump in his throat. The initial shock was finally wearing off and he looked upon his wife at last, the reality of the situation slowly seeping into him, bringing only a collection of uncertainties in its wake. He knew nearly nothing about the bearing of children among his own people, never mind dwarves. He knew some mothers and some infants did not survive, and that thought alone had him moving again. He bit back the panic rising in his throat and bent to give her a soft kiss before they moved again. A moment later at the campfire, Gimli finally let go of his hand, shucked her boots and unceremoniously stripped out of her soiled clothing. She rummaged about in her pack for something dry, utterly unbothered by her own nudity. Legolas was grateful they were not too near the road and sheltered by trees and greenery. He was not the least bit bothered either by his wife's appearance either, having long since grown accustomed to and even appreciative of her form, but he was always wary of the potential eyes of others on her, those who might judge or make sport of her (even though he knew she'd only be irritated if she had half an idea of how protective he felt) - a fact which would only make what he must do next that much more difficult. Legolas knew they could not deliver a baby out