Aragorn and Arwen had been married only five years when she gave birth to their first child. Not a son as expected, but a daughter. 'the child you foresaw was obviously not out first!' beamed Aragorn cradling her. 'Then we are to be blessed with more children!' Arwen gasped. A joyful day in Gondor it was, as news spread of a princess. It was no surprise she was beautiful, her elven blood shimmered, in an age of middle earth where magic was almost diminished, something shone in her, A light not seen since the elder days, a light of strength and promise and hope to the age of men. They named her Celuthien in honour of her kin passed and she was beheld by all, as a wonder of the new age. In time Arwen bore Aragorn a son, Eldarion . A strong noble prince from the day of his birth. Unlike his sister before him, he showed little elven resemblance but instead mirrored his father in every way. The heir of Gondor was the image of Aragorn in his younger days, his strong features and dark hair, and his piercingly protective eyes persuaded anyone who looked at him to trust him instantly. The children grew happily in a time of peace. Eldarion grew and matured much quicker than Celuthien, as her elven blood was stronger she was almost one hundred years before she resembled a full grown woman. Though Eldarion was not elven he inherited his fathers gift of long life, at one hundred years old, he stood a strong kingly man. A skilled swordsman and leader, he could easily be mistook for a man in his thirty's. Aragorn was now over two hundred years old and the shadows of time where beginning to show on his face. His eyes no longer shone with tales of adventure and glee, but they were saddened by loss and old age. Faramir and Eowyn where long passed, along with most of his friends of the those times. He had not seen Legolas since the birth of his son. He had received word he was travelling with Gimili and did not know when he would return. Though his wife and children brought him great joy, Aragorn felt a burden on his heart, an uneasy feeling that something was left unfinished. He dare not trouble Arwen with such thoughts, the were only thoughts after all. The war of the ring had never left his mind, even now, so many years later. Aragorn sat in his throne overlooking the splendour of the kingdom of men that had been rebuilt under his rule. He felt his chest would bust with pride as he saw his son approach the gates of Gondor with his company of guards. Eldarion had gone to speak with Thranduil of the woodland realm, Thranduil had requested the presence of Aragorn, but due to his growing weakness Aragorn thought it time to send his son on his fist duty as an ambassador or Gondor. Throwing aside the grace expected of him Aragorn ran down the steps and threw his arms around his son. 'Eldarion! I have missed you' he exclaimed. Aragon pulled from the embrace and started to look his son up and down, raising his arms and turning him, shamelessly checking him for injury as if he were a small child. 'Father you embarrass me!' Laughed Eldarion, half jesting 'You act although I have returned from battle rather than a council with an old friend' Aragorn laughed, not knowing how to respond to his son, Eldarion's wit had been sharper than his own since he learned to speak. People often joked that if Eldarion was sent to war with only his words he would still return victorious. Aragorn decided the was no sense challenging his son, especially as he was right, Aragorn was protective of him and maybe he should not be so. 'Come my son, tell me everything of your travels, I want to hear it all!' Aragorn led Eldarion to the hall and the sat at the great oak table. Aragorn leaned in waiting, 'Honestly father, there is not much to tell! maybe you should send me on some more interesting charges if you require interesting stories when I return!' Aragorn laughed 'There was once a time son, you would have lept out of your seat to go and see the elves of the woodland realm!' 'I know father, and I was very pleased to see Thranduil but...' 'but what Eldarion?' 'I feel I'm restless father, I cant quite describe it, something in me yearns for battle and adventure, I know that is wrong as you and your kin fought so long so that we may grow up in peace, I want to fight' Aragorn pondered his sons words for a while, he knew all too well the feeling Eldarion described, The burning in his heart, the thirst for the sound of swords meeting in battle, the rush of nerves and fear and renown flashing in a blur. 'I know what you speak of Eldarion' He finally replied 'you are right though you are blessed to grow up in peace, I do not know if my heart could bear seeing you ride to war and I pray that day never comes' Eldarion felt heavy at his fathers words, he now feared to tell him the news from Thranduil. The was silence between them, this was unusual of Eldarion and Aragorn knew it. 'What has Thranduil spoken of?' Asked Aragorn, his voice now concerned. Eldarion now felt uncomfortable 'A scout from Thranduil kingdom has seem smoke rising from the east, Thranduil fears a dark army may be grouping and plotting against the elves' 'a dark army!' Exclaimed Aragorn, 'those days are long passed' 'they thought so too father, but they fear some servants of morgoth still live and are residing in Mordor still, not strong enough to attack yet but left to themselves may one day be a threat'. Aragorn was shocked, but part of him knew this, he was almost relived to know the feelings he had been having where not just madness. 'father?' Eldarion asked. 'Yes son?' 'father, Thranduil is sending a company to Mordor gather information, to see there numbers and who is leading them ... I wish to go with the elves' 'NO!' Exclaimed Aragorn. Eldarion was taken back by his response, He had rarely heard Aragorn raise his voice 'Father! I wish to honour the alliances of elves and men, I wish to honour Gondor! and you! and mother and Celuthien!'. Aragorn held his head in in hands knowing the choice was not his to make. He raised his head to look at his son and for the first time did not see a child stood before him but a man, a prince, a warrior. Aragorn knew Eldarion would go with his blessing or not, he reasoned with himself that he was not going to fight, it was a simple scouting mission, and he would be with a company of elves. 'Alright, take ten soldiers with you, when will you leave?' A grin broke out on Eldarion's face. 'Thank you father!' he exclaimed 'I will leave in three days' Aragorn and Eldarion sat at the oak table and talked well in to the night. Aragorn told stories of the ring and hobbits. Eldarion recounted stories of his youth and they laughed and joked together and were merry in eatchothers company. Arwen was saddened but proud of her son's decision she passed to him the noble standard she had made for his father, for him to bear on his journey. Aragorn longed to accompany Eldarion but he feared to leave his people with no king should ill befall him. 'I will go with him father' Aragorn did not know how long he had been pondering when the soft voice broke his thoughts. He looked up from his throne to see he oldest child, though she looked younger than her brother. Celuthien stood as tall as him, an almost spooky resemblance of her mother. Her skin was so pale, her hair as dark as night but streaked with silver mimicking stars glistening in the sky. Her eyes a deep endless blue, holding wisdom far beyond her years. She wore on her finger Galadriel's ring, though it now held no power, it had been left to Arwen when Galadriel had sailed from the havens. She was a skilled healer but her delicate hands had yet to hold a weapon on any kind. When growing up Eldarion had taken interest in sword fighting and archery where as Celuthien had poured over old books and spent her time learning remedies and potions of old. She was not denied chance to learn skills of battle, Aragon had encouraged it, but when she showed no interest he saw no reason for her to peruse such things as the times they lived in where quiet. He looked at his daughter, it always brought him a chuckle when he compared her to his son. Eldarion was rugged and rough, loud and obnoxious at times, attracting attention where ever her went, he would talk and laugh with everyone he met, not content to leave a room without the last word being his. Celuthien was light footed, quiet and refined, she rarely spoke out of turn and was easily embarrassed if attention was drawn to her. Though there personalities as different as the elements he loved them both equally, more than he could ever hope to express. Her request to go with Eldarion was out of character indeed. Aragorn longed to scream No! but was intrigued. 'why would you go with him my love?' he asked concerned, 'I fear for him father, if he is injured I could help' This warmed Aragorn heart and he smiled 'And my love what if you are inured, distracting your brother from his task, would you not put him at greater risk?' Celuthien looked down, now feeling foolish for her request to go. Aragorn pulled her into an embrace 'Eldarion will be fine, he his a strong price, there will come a time when your skills are needed Celuthien, but it is not this time' Celuthien smiled. She bowed her head to her father and left the room. The nights came and went and Eldarion left on his task, Arwen, Aragorn and Celuthien stood and the great gates to see him go, as soon as he was out of sight Arwen shed a tear, she quickly wiped it but Aragorn had already seen. 'Do not weep Arwen he will be home soon' he whispered to her. 'I feel I spent an age waiting for you to return Estel, and now must I spend this one waiting and worrying for my son?' Aragorn couldn't help but smile 'I'm afraid so Arwen how ever take comfort that I did in fact always return to you' Arwen beamed at him and laughed. 'Arwen' said Aragorn now more sternly. 'call a council of advisor's, we must discuss the evil growing in the east' Arwen's face became sombre and she nodded. The next morning Arwen was sat with Aragon eating and discussing the events of the past days, when a guard burst through the door. 'King Aragorn!' he exclaimed. 'The prince of Mirkwood approaches!' Aragorn almost fell off his chair. 'Legolas?! He exclaimed 'Where is he?' 'He it just approaching the gate my lord' Aragorn and Arwen moved quickly to the window. Sure enough a white horse was approaching alone with one rider, A golden haired woodland elf. 'Oh what joy!' Aragorn could not contain himself 'It has been a lifetime of man since we last met' Arwen was amused by Aragorn's happiness, for a second, Aragorn appeared a young man again as he ran down the steps to greet his friend. Legolas's feet had barely touched the floor from dismounting his horse when Aragorn grabbed him around the waist and lifted him as though he