She hadn't really expected to miss him - at least not to the degree that she does. Then again, the last time they'd been apart for more than four consecutive days she'd also been unprepared for how much she'd ended up missing him. Of course, those circumstances, over thirteen years ago, had been completely different: after almost eleven months of dating, she'd gone to Scotland for two weeks to visit her grandmother. Before the trip, she'd figured that the excitement of being in Scotland and the constant company of her grandmother and Prim would be enough to distract her from missing him too much. She'd never been the type to pine, after all. And, she'd reasoned, two weeks wasn't really very long at all. But then, instead of being too busy to think of him, she'd felt this visceral pull in her chest whenever she saw something he would have loved, like that old stone church covered in ivy, or that steep goat path that wound through the greenest hills she'd ever seen. She'd felt the same pull whenever her Aunt Effie said something absurd and she'd wished she could catch his eye. And, though she was loathe to admit this, she'd also felt it every time she saw that one disgustingly happy couple everywhere - strolling hand-in-hand and laughing, or riding their bikes into town, or sitting at a bar, leaning into each other, knees touching. But that was then. This time it's different. They've been married for over a decade now. This time, he's the one who's away, at a pediatric oncology meeting in Athens, and she's certain that both the work and the locale are distracting him from missing her too much. This time, she mostly goes about her day without thinking too much about him – she's holed up in the lab all day, lost in her research, and afterwards, she's shuttling the kids to their soccer practices and guitar lessons and play dates, and helping them with their ridiculous diorama projects…Really, the main reason she thinks of him at all during the day is when she's cursing him for leaving her to single-parent three kids for ten days. And aside from having known from the start that she'd miss the extra set of hands and wheels, she'd originally thought that what she'd mostly miss was the comfort of having him around at the end of the day, when the kids were finally in bed, when it was just the two of them tidying up the living room and then collapsing on the couch, talking about nothing and everything. But unlike when she was in Scotland thirteen years ago, now they've got Skype. So she still gets to talk to him every night before she goes to bed, sometimes for five minutes when she's just too tired, sometimes for more than half an hour, when he tells her stories about his sightseeing mishaps or the antics of his colleagues, or when they're just talking about nothing. So it turns out that what she actually misses is touching him. Placing her palms flat on his chest and feeling the muscles underneath the cotton of his button-down shirts. Running her fingertips along the smooth groove that runs down the middle of his back. Tracing the hard curves of his upper arm. Rubbing the stubble along the edge of his jaw. And then, there's the sex. She definitely misses that far more than she'd expected to. After all, even when he was around, there were times when they might go a week without it, when they were just too exhausted to do anything more than cuddle. And so far, he's only been gone for five days. But god, she misses it. Even though now she's even more exhausted than usual. One night on Skype, she sees that he's gotten a haircut. It's the shortest it's ever been. She's surprised, even though he'd told her yesterday that he was planning on it, because it was just so hot and humid there, and he couldn't take how his hair was constantly plastered to his forehead. She's not sure she likes it, but at least his curls aren't completely shorn off. She can see his eyebrows now, and she can't seem to take her eyes away from them. She sees how they move quite a bit when he's talking, and if she squints, it's almost as if she's looking at a different person. "So I finally made it to Karavaki last night," he begins. Karavaki was at the top of the list of restaurants he'd compiled before the trip, after reading god-knows-how-many foodie blogs and forums - and even Google Translating some of the ones written in Greek. But for one reason or another, he had been frustrated in his attempts to eat at Karavaki, until last night, apparently. "And it was fantastic. But it was just Cashmere and me – it would have been better with more people so that we could have tried more stuff. But everything we ordered was incredible – I'm going to try to make some of it for you when I get home." "You went to dinner with Cashmere again?" she asks. Earlier in the week, he'd told her about having lunch with her the day before the conference started. She'd supposedly invited both him and Haymitch, but Haymitch had been too hungover to leave his hotel room. "Yeah, she'd been really wanting to go to Karavaki too, and everyone else just wanted to hang out at the reception at the conference," he says. "You know, free booze and all. They don't know what they were missing. You know, when I told the waiter how much I loved it, he had the chef come out and meet us. And he was a fantastic guy – really innovative in the way he thinks about food, but not into all that molecular gastronomy bullshit, just real food, and happy to talk about how he makes some of these things—" "I didn't know Cashmere was such a foodie." She traces the water stains on her desk with her index finger. "Oh, well, I don't know if she is or not, but when I mentioned Karavaki to her, she said she'd read all about it too and was dying to go there." "Yeah, I'm sure." She rolls her eyes. He smiles. "I admit, I may not have believed her when she said she'd read all about it, but whatever – she knows I like to do my research, and she was looking for a good meal." "I'll bet she was." "What?" he says, looking genuinely perplexed. "You don't believe me?" She sighs. "She – look, I totally trust you, and I know that you love me, and you'd never cheat on me or anything, but – she – I think she has the hots for you, okay?" "What?" And then he's grinning. "Why, Katniss, are you jealous? I never thought I'd see the day." "I'm not jealous ." She sighs again. "Like I said, I know you'd never cheat on me, and I know she's not your type anyway – I mean, I'm right, right? You're not – attracted to her, are you?" He laughs. "God, no. You're right; she's definitely not my type. She's a good colleague and all, but that's about it. But if you know that I'm not into her, why do you care that I had dinner with her?" She looks down at her fingernails. "I don't know; she's just – always touching you when she talks to you." "She's a touchy-feely kind of person." "Uh, no – she never touches me." "No one ever touches you, Katniss. They know better." She lets out a huff. "Fair enough. But – it's just that – the way she touches you." She fidgets with the ring on her finger. "You – you can tell she's just always looking for a reason to touch you," she blurts out. "Really? Ok, but even if that's true, why do you care? I mean, since you believe me when I say that I have zero interest in her." "I do believe you, I do. I just—" She looks off to the side. "I just don't like the idea that she thinks it's ok to touch you all the time. That she thinks you might be attracted to her. Even though I know you aren't." He's smiling again. She thinks he might actually be enjoying this. In the little window on the computer screen that shows her face, she can see that she's scowling. "I'm sorry," he says. "I know it's incredibly shallow of me, but I can't believe you're jealous." She rolls her eyes and opens her mouth to protest, but he continues: "Or not jealous – just – annoyed at Cashmere. Whatever this is, I admit I'm getting just a little bit of a kick out of it." She wonders if she should hang up on him. "You've just never shown any sign of jealousy – or possessiveness or anything over me," he says, laughing. She knows that this isn't true; she has distinct memories of initiating public displays of affection toward Peeta in response to seeing other women flirting with him. But maybe he'd forgotten. Or maybe he'd been oblivious then anyway. "Can you blame me for enjoying this just a little bit?" he continues. "Especially after all those years I spent being jealous of you and Gale?" She barks out a laugh. She and Gale had been best friends in high school, over twenty years ago. And Peeta had apparently nursed a crush on her from afar, too afraid to speak to her because he'd thought she was dating Gale. "And then there was that guy in your department in grad school – Darius?" "Ugh, he was such a douche. He hit on everyone, not just me. And I told him to fuck off, every single time." "I know. But I still hated him. Anyway, Katniss, even if you weren't jealous," he says with a grin, "and you just wanted Cashmere to know that she didn't have a chance with me, I'm pretty sure that I took care of that last night." "How so?" "I may have talked more to the waiter and the chef than I did to her." He chuckles. "I was just really interested in the food and knowing more about the restaurant. And I thought she would be interested too, but she ended up being pretty quiet and looking bored. So then I apologized to her for boring her." She rolls her eyes. "Let me guess: and then you went out for a drink with her to make it up to her." He laughs. "No, no; I already had plans to meet Haymitch and Plutarch for a drink. I did invite Cashmere to join us, but she said she was too tired." He shrugs. "So that was that." "For now," she says, under her breath. But she doesn't want to talk about this anymore. In fact, she really wants to go to bed, but she doesn't want him to think she's stewing over Cashmere, so she figures she should start a conversation about something else before she hangs up. "How was hanging out with Haymitch and Plutarch?" she asks, though she's not actually interested in the answer. She's had plenty of encounters with both over the years, and while she has a grudging respect for Haymitch, she views Plutarch as nothing more than a big blowhard. "Well, Haymitch was educating me on the finer points of all the local wines and liqueurs that he's sampled over the past week, and Plutarch wouldn't stop praising the paper I presented and saying how it's going to really elevate the hospital's profile…so, all in all, it was riveting. But at least the music was good." "Good," she says, with a yawn, thinking she can hang up now. He's still talking, though. "You know, Plutarch asked me if I