Second grade She watches as he horses around with Matt Campbell in the back of the classroom. She glares at him. For some reason that she can't put her finger on, she only blames him for the disturbance, and not Mark Campbell. Why can't he just sit quietly and pay attention, she thinks, instead of constantly forcing Ms. Dunphy to stop their lesson to reprimand him? School would be so much more fun if he would just behave. She notices that his hair is always falling in his eyes, but in those moments when it somehow isn't, his eyes seem impossibly wide, like he's seeing something amazing for the first time. Third grade Some of her friends have crushes on him, while others prefer Matt Campbell. One day someone has the bright idea to organize a secret ballot to vote for "Cutest Boy" and "Cutest Girl". She abstains from "Cutest Boy" because she doesn't think any of the boys are good-looking, and instead she votes for her best friend Catherine, whom she thinks of as beautiful and not just cute. She's kind of proud of it, so when Davey Peterson asks her whom she voted for, she doesn't hesitate to tell him. "I didn't think you were that kind of girl," he says. "What kind of girl?" she asks. "You know," he shrugs. She doesn't, so she turns away. When the votes are tallied, Matt Campbell and Sherry Olson win. For some reason, the ballot counters decide to show everyone else's tallies as well, and she's not surprised that Peeta Mellark came in second. She is surprised to find that Catherine only received one vote. When she learns that she herself also received just one vote, she's sure it must be a joke. Probably Davey Peterson did it to make fun of her. She knows she's not cute. Not with her bone-straight, coarse black hair, her darker skin, her "Chinese" eyes. She's not actually Chinese, but her mother is Thai, so although her eyes are her father's grey, they reflect the shape of her mother's. There's only one other Asian kid in the whole school - Gale Hawthorne in the fifth grade, whose mother is Japanese - and there is no doubt in any of her classmates' minds that she is destined to marry Gale one day. Even though she and Gale are the only non-white kids in the school, she's not an outcast or anything. There was the time someone yelled "Chink!" from the back of the school bus as she walked home from her stop, and the "Ching chong chang chong" in her face from some red-headed, freckled boy who pulled his eyes into slits with his index fingers and then ran away, and the "Hola, Kemosabe" from idiotic Mitch Kennedy. But she's friends with most of the girls in her class, and she's at least respected by everyone else. It's just that sometimes even her friends ask her things like "Do Chinese people really eat dogs?" To which she says, for the millionth time, "I'm not Chinese." And then they say, "What are you again?" or "But your mom is, right?" Fourth grade This year, she's part of something called Gifted and Talented, or G&T, as the teacher calls it. Every Friday morning, she and the other G&T kids leave Ms. Struck's classroom and spend two hours in the library with Ms. Greene. Catherine was selected for the program too, but her parents didn't want her to be part of it. Her other friends Melissa and Lizzie are in it though, and then there are two boys, Bobby Fitzpatrick and, strangely, Peeta Mellark. Since he never behaves in class, she's never thought of him as one of the "smart kids", like the other G&T kids or Catherine. She can't help but wonder if he was assigned to G&T so that Ms. Struck would have a two-hour break from him every week. She just hopes he won't ruin G&T for her with all his goofing off. The first week, though, he sits quietly and listens to everything Ms. Greene says, moving only to brush his hair out of his eyes. When they do improv exercises, he seems to morph into each character he plays, and he watches intently while others perform their skits. When Ms. Greene has them do freewriting in their composition books, he writes furiously for the full fifteen minutes, and she's surprised to discover that she really wants to read what he wrote. It's the first time she's ever been curious about anything about him. The second week, Ms. Greene gives them a homework assignment. They are to each pick a song that they will lip-sync in front of the others, solo, the following week. Melissa and Lizzie are excited about it and talk about who what they're going to wear, how they're going to do their hair. She hasn't even heard of the songs or the singers that they're talking about, and she's afraid to ask. She doesn't know when she started getting left behind on the music front, but she knows that she has been. She doesn't have her own radio, or any sort of music player of her own, and all her parents ever listen to is Italian opera and show tunes. Her parents barely even have any CDs; most of their stuff is on records that they held onto from when they were young. She's heard some of the stuff that Catherine likes when she goes to her house, but she has no idea what the names of any of the musicians are, and she's always been too ashamed of her ignorance to ask. She already feels like she comes from a different world from the one that Catherine and everyone else at school comes from. That afternoon, she sits down in front of the stereo in the den and tries to find something that isn't opera or show tunes. It turns out there are a few CDs of Thai pop, as well as some old Greek records that must have come from her father's mother's family. Then there's an album that actually has English words on the cover, by someone named Loretta Lynn, who has long, wavy dark hair and is wearing a blue button-down shirt. This could work, she thinks. She has a blue button-down shirt, and she can put her hair in her mom's rollers. When she finally listens to the record, she finds that she likes the singer's voice. She can tell that the songs are pretty different in style from what she's heard in her friends' bedrooms, but at least they're not like opera or show tunes. And at least they're in English. She finds a song that's pretty slow and not very long, and after practicing it a few times, she feels comfortable with it. She even starts singing it to herself, while she's clearing the table after dinner, while she's putting away her laundry, while she's lying in bed and can't fall asleep. That Friday, she's picked to go first. She's terrified, but also relieved, because she knows if she had to watch anyone else go first, she'd be mortified at how different her selection is. Mrs. Greene puts the record on the library's ancient turntable for her, and she finds herself standing in front of everyone. Once the song starts, her mouth seems to automatically know what to do, and she lets herself sway with the music. But during the last chorus, she's mortified to find that she's actually singing. She's not sure when she started, but she clamps down immediately, lips unmoving for a few beats, finally recovering to lip-sync the last few words as the song fades out. She thinks afterwards she might have curtsied or something before running back to her seat, eyes on the ground. Melissa goes next, and then Bobby, but she barely registers their performances. Her insides still seem to be thrumming, and her hands are still trembling. Then suddenly she sees Peeta going over to the turntable to hand Ms. Greene a record, and the cover in his hand reads "Loverboy". He's wearing a red button-down shirt, open down the front, over a black T-shirt and black jeans, with a black headband that looks awful but that does keep his hair out of his eyes. He smiles sheepishly as he waits for the music to start, and when it does, he grins. He's holding a flashlight with both hands and mock-crooning into it, pumping it occasionally to the beat. As the song picks up momentum, the rest of his body does too, starting from his hips and reverberating up to his shoulders and down to his feet. His grin is ridiculously wide now, and Lizzie and Melissa's giggles are bubbling out of them. When he finishes, Bobby, Lizzie and Melissa are cheering and Peeta is grinning, and then suddenly his eyes flit to hers, and she looks away and realizes that she is smiling. As they're leaving the library to head to the cafeteria, he falls into step beside her. "Nice job on your number," he says, his usual grin replaced by a sweet, shy smile that makes her believe that he's not making fun of her. "You have a really good voice," he continues. When she stops walking but doesn't say anything, he starts again: "And I liked that you chose Loretta Lynn. I mean, I chose something kinda weird too." "Really?" Normally she would bristle at the "weird too", but she thinks he means it in a good way. "Yeah, I mean this record is from my parents' collection," he chuckles. "And Loverboy isn't even American." "They're not?" "No, they're Canadian. Anyway, it was nice that you didn't pick another ex-Mouseketeer." She doesn't know what he means, so she just stares at him. He tries again: "And, uh, yeah, did you know that Loretta Lynn was kinda revolutionary?" She shakes her head, and he continues: "Yeah, my dad says she sang a lot about women's rights and stuff, which was really different for country music. There were all these radio stations that banned her stuff. Plus she's from Kentucky, so she's got to be cool." He grins again. "You know, like me. I was born there." She hadn't known that, or anything about Peeta really. She still can't believe that they're having a conversation, just the two of them. She realizes she hasn't actually contributed anything to it, but she is smiling, and Peeta is smiling back. "I really liked your act too," she says. "You did a great job." His smile gets wider and he says "Thanks." Then Matt Campbell comes up behind him and puts him in a headlock, and she rolls her eyes and walks over to where Christina has saved a seat for her. In October, Ms. Greene tells them that they're going to put on a couple of plays, just for fun, without any audience other than her. They spend an hour digging through issues of Plays magazine to find plays that everyone can agree on. It takes them a while, but then Lizzie finds a spoof of Red Riding Hood that everyone thinks is funny, and Bobby nominates a retelling of St. George and the Dragon that gets everyone's agreement. Ms. Greene tells them that each person will get the chance to play one main role in one of the plays. Melissa and Lizzie both want to be Red Riding Hood, but she's not interested enough to compete with them for it. She figures the role of St. George will go to Bobby, since he chose the play. But when Bobby says he's fine with any part, she speaks up and says she'd like to be St. George. And then Peeta says he wants to be the dragon. She's surprised he doesn't want to be the Big Bad Wolf, which is a showier, funnier role, but she's glad. When they break into groups to do a few read-throughs,