NOTES: "Be the Light in My Lantern" (the OotP year) and "Raise Your Lantern High" (the HBP year) were originally conceived as one massive story; they've since decided to split into two separate parts, comprising a series. You're welcome to go read "Be the Light in My Lantern" first, but if you want to dive right into "Raise Your Lantern High," I think you'll do all right if you just know the following: BtLiML follows the "behind-the-scenes" of what the adults of the HP world were doing during the year of OotP, and especially the growing friendship between Remus and Tonks, as well as Sirius. After many chapters of longing and UST, and a few ups and downs, R/T finally strike up a tentative relationship…which falls apart again due to Remus' doubts about whether he can allow himself to get close to Tonks, and Tonks' frustration over him being so changeable. They are tentatively working their way back towards a second, stronger courtship…when Sirius' death in the battle at the Ministry changes everything. Please note that, while this story is painstakingly true to canon, it disregards the supplementary information on Pottermore, having been written largely before Pottermore existed! The most enormous of thanks go to… …J. K. Rowling for this amazing world she made. (Any characters, scenes and dialogue you recognise are from the book and belong to JKR!) …stereolightning for so much invaluable beta-reading, co-pondering and motivation. Additional writers who've influenced me: chelseyb1010 got me thinking about Tonks and how to make her HBP year-long mope in character; this story is an attempt to be true to what we saw in canon, while also giving Tonks a worthier story than what little we glimpsed of her in the book during that year. Sam Starbuck, aka copperbadge, is the first fic writer I came across who gave the werewolves a culture of their own; he unquestionably inspired my own writing of the werewolves, especially the Alpha. I highly recommend Sam's Remus-centric story " Amid My Solitude " …and everything else he's written. I think I may have subconsciously drawn on shimotsuki's werewolf character Bess as well, from her Kaleidoscope series. Title more or less drawn from this W. B. Yeats quotation: "I have believed the best of every man. And find that to believe is enough to make a bad man show him at his best, or even a good man swings his lantern higher." (Thank you to stereolightning for that quotation!) . Chapter 1: Get Back On . You're gonna reach the water You're gonna get across You're gonna walk miles You're gonna get lost You're gonna fall down But when you fall You'll get back on –Roland Satterwhite, Get Back On . Mostly, Remus walked. All those first bright days of summer, as the world bloomed and burst into colour around him, Remus walked and walked, not caring where to, only following wherever his desperately escaping feet led him. Molly and Arthur had found him at St Mungo's and brought him home with them, telling him to stay as long as he needed. So Remus sometimes slept there at the Burrow, or tried to sleep, lying on the narrow bed in Bill's old room and staring blankly up at a poster Bill must have stuck to the ceiling years ago, of a pretty witch waving from a flying carpet. When Molly put food in front of Remus, he ate it. When Molly and Arthur asked him how he was, their concern painfully evident in their voices, Remus said he was fine. In the rare hours when he did sleep, Remus found himself back in Godric's Hollow, watching Lily fretting over baby Harry and James laughing and reassuring her, but reaching out, too, to hold his son close when he thought Lily didn't see. Then Remus was on that street among the twelve dead innocent Muggles, and saw Sirius as Remus and all the world had believed him all those years, mad and laughing. Then it was September and Remus went to King's Cross and James and Lily were there, no older than the day he'd last seen them, seeing Harry off on the train with the rest of the Order. Remus was in the Department of Mysteries and Sirius fell through the veil again, and again, as Harry screamed in grief. Then it was Tonks who fell, landing still and cold as death in the white shroud of a bed at St Mungo's. Most mornings, Remus started awake from these dreams in a cold sweat, long before dawn. Then went out again to walk and walk, to keep himself moving until he was too exhausted to think. His legs first burned with exertion, then grew numb with fatigue, and Remus would raise his head late in the evening, when the midsummer sun was finally, reluctantly slipping away behind the trees, to find that dusk was falling and a chill creeping into the air. Often, when Remus finally looked up, he had no idea where he was. Far worse was when he looked and did know where he was. A field where he and James and Lily and Sirius had once picnicked. A rocky stretch of coast on the Isle of Mull where Sirius had dared James to jump into the icy sea fully clothed. A little neighbourhood park in London where they'd once all got very drunk and had to restrain Sirius from running to his parents' house for an ill-conceived confrontation. Remus didn't mean to Apparate to these places, but he thought of them and then he was there. A cottage on the coast where they'd once holidayed all together. The village square in Godric's Hollow. Hogsmeade. It shouldn't matter. He had lost everyone else. Surely he could bear to lose Sirius, too. Remus just had to keep breathing, and walking. If he walked long enough, perhaps this terrible weight of grief would ease from his throat. Those early summer days were so bright. All through the horrible, endless, unreal days in which Remus wandered the length and breadth of Britain, the sun was blinding, bleaching out even the most vibrant leaves and trees and flowers into a nightmare wash of white, so painful Remus could barely stand to look. If only he had ordered Sirius to stay back at Headquarters – If he had battled Bellatrix, if he had been the one to reach her instead of Sirius, if he had been faster and interceded – If was how Remus spent so much of his life. If only he had made sure they all kept talking to each other, in those increasingly tense days when Lily and James and Harry were in hiding. If only they had talked to each other, instead of withdrawing into their individual suspicions, retreating from one another to the point that James and Lily hadn't even told Remus when they switched Secret-Keepers. If he had gone looking for Sirius, somehow, after that horrible Halloween, instead of running away to nurse his grief alone. If he'd pushed Dumbledore to find something, anything, better for Sirius than staying trapped in the house at Grimmauld Place until he'd grown reckless with his own life. If , Remus thought, as he walked himself beyond the point of exhaustion all through those first bright days of summer, those stark sun-flooded days that pained his eyes and wrenched his heart. But what good was if ? If could never turn back time. Sirius was dead. Like James and Lily before him, and like Remus would be someday after him. Sirius was dead, and his death threw Remus' world into sharp relief. That naïve man who'd begun to believe he might truly be able to embark on a second courtship with Tonks and do things right this time – that man now belonged to a world Remus could barely remember having once inhabited. Sirius was dead. Harry, too, could be dead now, if Remus hadn't held him back from flinging himself after Sirius through the veil. But Harry wasn't dead, and Tonks wasn't dead, and Remus would give anything to ensure that both those things remained true. Even his own happiness. Out of the morass of guilt through which Remus struggled each day, three cold, solid facts began to crystallise, like rock salt left behind when an expanse of sea evaporates into the air. He must do all he could for the Order. He must keep Harry safe. And he must reverse the damage he had caused when he'd let himself believe that he, a dangerous Dark creature dogged relentlessly by tragedy, should ever have allowed himself near Nymphadora Tonks. – – – – – On Tonks' first day back at work, after she'd recuperated from her injuries from the battle at the Ministry, she drifted through the Auror Office, feeling weightless and unreal. She traced one hand along the edge of her desk, glancing around at the others' workstations. Buckwaite, Dawlish, Buckle. None of them were in the office at the moment – all were out chasing after Death Eaters. From across the way, Savage raised a collegial hand in greeting from behind a mound of paperwork. Tonks nodded to him, then glanced towards the corner office, with its walls of magical glass that could be rendered opaque or translucent with a flick of a wand. Gawain Robards, formerly a senior Auror, reigned in that office now. Their new head of the department, he'd replaced Scrimgeour when Scrimgeour became Minister for Magic. Robards' office walls were transparent at the moment, and Tonks could see her new boss hunched over his desk with his hair standing wildly on end as he raked his fingers through it. Tonks didn't envy him, thrust into running the whole department in a country that was plunging into war. And it was war. No one denied that anymore. Tonks glared at the pile of parchment rolls waiting for her on her desk. But she threw herself down into her chair, resigned to fighting her way through the backlog of work that had accumulated while she was in hospital. Fact-checking reports was dull and she loathed it, but at least it was something she could do. Tonks so desperately needed something to do, some way to feel she could make a difference in this war. And besides, if she threw herself into her work every waking hour, maybe she wouldn't have to think about the hollow ache in her chest that was all that was left of Sirius. – – – – – Arriving at the Burrow for the first full Order meeting since that night at the Ministry, Tonks was met at the door by Mad-Eye Moody, who flung a barrage of security questions at her before finally allowing her inside. When she reached the kitchen, most of the members of the Order were already gathered around the table. "Wotcher," Tonks said to the assembled crowd, aiming for cheerful and falling short. She got a round of nods and greetings in response. Remus wasn't there yet. He'd been avoiding her. He'd disappeared from Tonks' bedside after the first time she woke up in St Mungo's after the battle, and she hadn't seen him since. Give him some time, Moody had said, when he came by the hospital to lend Tonks his gruff but welcome company. I don't think he's ready for company just yet, dear, Molly had said, her mouth tugging downwards with worry, when Tonks saw her after being discharged from St Mungo's. It hurt, knowing that Remus was grieving the same grief as Tonks was, but he wouldn't share it with her. Things had been good between them, strangely and sweetly good, despite the bleakness of the gathering war. They had been working their careful way back together, making sure they knew how to really be friends to each other, first. And then – this. Remus gone, frozen away behind his own grief. Tonks kept telling herself to be patient, because