~Chapter One~ Frost Bite ~Bella~ Crunching, tearing, howls, and blood. Ever since that day I knew that I would never forget what that combination of words led to all those years ago. I'd never forget how it felt like to see my warm crimson blood leaving a trail behind as I was being dragged through the wet numbing snow. The howls were loud and haunting and I remember how many were surrounding me, each one chomping and growling as they fight their hunger off. I remember the searing pain in my torso when the first bite sunk into my thin cold skin all while I was struggling to escape and the arms made of stone that carried me to safety. Up to this day, the sensations and sounds play with my mind and...so did he. My life was relatively normal and inconsequential before the events of that day. I lived in a small town in Alaska with my parents, Renee and Charlie. Apart from the fact that the majority in town knew pretty much everything there was to know about everyone, and that the population was no more than five thousand inhabitants, my parents and I were content. My father had just been promoted to chief of police and my mother worked in the smallest kindergarten I thought I had ever seen, while I was half way through middle school. I had a couple friends but I was never popular, don't get me wrong I'm glad no one ever paid that much attention to plain old me and I never tried to change that. I was a short skinny girl with curly hair that went over my shoulders and big dark brown eyes, so like I said, I'm plain as day. I had made it a habit to walk through the snow covered town after school and often cut through a path in the small forest that surrounded the police station where Charlie was waiting for me to go home or to dinner. He offered many times to just come pick me up but after he had been promoted, his responsibilities became a lot more time consuming and I didn't want to be another weight on his shoulders, even though he'd never call it that when it came to me. I got used to our little routine and the only eventful thing that would happen on my way to the station would be me slipping on a patch of ice or tripping over a rock or unfortunately my own two feet, damn my clumsiness. I mean it was, until a snow storm hit our little town and all the roads were blocked rendering Charlie and most of the police force immobile. Charlie and Renee had agreed on that day that I would wait for her pick me up after school but after yet another no show, I decided to venture through the harsh snow and wind and made my way to the station. Renee was a very flighty unfocused person when it came to responsibilities and often whenever it came to me. I loved her and I knew she loved me but god knows after all the crap she put me and Charlie through, she knew how to test our patience. I finally made it to the usual path that leads me to the police station but it had been invaded by mountains of snow so I had no choice but to wander further into the woods where there seemed to be easy accessibility. The snow still reached a little over my knees but at least i was making progress. I could already see the station from across the clearing when I heard a loud snap from behind me, I slowly started to turn around even though I should have known better. At first when I saw it, I mistook the over sized animal for a bear, I know it wasn't a bear obviously but you stand in my shoes and tell me you wouldn't mistake it for a freaking bear too! He stood to be at least six feet tall and walked slowly towards me, his eyes were pitch black just like his long stiff fur and it did little to mask his bony body. He was hungry, no driven mad by starvation and so were the rest of his pack as they made an appearance. The last moments of peace were short lived when he bared his fangs and saliva started spilling out of his mouth. I started to walk backwards and held my hands in front of me, hoping to persuade the wolves that they didn't want me. Charlie had told me how the smaller animals had stopped walking through town like they used to and most likely decided to move to a warmer climate. That must've been what drew the wolves to me that day, they hadn't eaten in who knows how long and I was their savior. I thought I would be able to make it to the station if I just ran without tripping but thanks to the piles of snow I couldn't move as fast as I told myself. I grabbed a large branch that had fallen off a tree near by and got ready to swing when a smaller ash grey wolf jumped for me, I was proud of myself when I managed to smack the mutt away before making a run for it. I didn't want to give the pack a chance to react in the first few seconds, I could hear their howling and snarls as they attempted to get me with their teeth. Once again I hit another one with the end of my branch who had tried to go for my right foot. I dodged another one who tried to jump on me and it slid onto its back thanks to the frozen ice on the ground. I couldn't help but laugh him. Whose clumsy now? I should have known when I said that, that I would be the next one to slip and fall. Luckily I had slipped right in front of the steps of the station, is what I thought and how wrong I was. I stood up and tried to control my breathing. For a second I couldn't hear anymore blood thirsty dogs behind me, of course this time I didn't even look behind me. I made my way up the steps but before I could get both of my legs on the first step I was knocked down by something heavy into the rough cold concrete. The next thing I knew I could feel something warm slipping around my stomach under my thick red jacket, Renee had given me for Christmas. It was a pain unlike any I had every experienced. I laid face down on the gravel before something started dragging me further away front the station, from Charlie. I wanted to scream but my head was throbbing and maybe it was from the shock but when I opened my mouth nothing came out, no screams or cries. Nothing. 'I must've hit it pretty hard on the impact' I thought. I panicked and started squirming when I realized what was dragging me. I rolled over and saw that the same enormous black wolf had my ankle between his teeth and took me so easily, as if I weighed nothing in between his mouth. I figured out why I felt warm under my jacket too, he had sunk his teeth into my torso when he launched himself towards me. The blood wouldn't stop flowing out of me and went onto the snow, leaving bright red streaks behind us as we got further into the woods. All I could think about at that point was how Charlie was sure to panic after seeing all the blood in front of the station that lead towards the woods I always went through. He would be heartbroken and Renee..she would be inconsolable or hysterical. Thinking about them like that made hot streaks of my own tears run down the sides of my eyes and then I lost consciousness. I don't know how long I was out for but when I opened my eyes again the sun had started to set, leaving the sky painted a soft yellow that mixed into a firery orange. It was beautiful and had it been a different circumstance I would have been in awe but the sounds of the rest of the pack's howls had started again, bringing my attention back to my captor who still had my now bloodied ankle in his jaw. I looked around and saw that we weren't in the woods anymore but in the middle of a snow covered lake surrounded by thousands of dead black trees. It was like a scene from a movie, the all white landscape being sullied by my crimson blood as it left inconsistent marks behind us, my red jacket all ripped and tattered. And the black wolf who was now staring right into my eyes before howling loudly enough for the whole town to hear, I thought. Shortly after the rest of the pack had assembled around us they were all pacing back and forth as they await their long anticipated meal. It made me sick to my stomach imagining myself being eaten alive by these animals. Would I be eaten whole? Or would they leave bits and peaces behind enough for my parents to distinguish me? At least they'd know I didn't run away or was kidnapped, by a person I mean. 'God I hope they end this quickly' I had already lost so much blood it was making me come in and out of consciousness. It looked like when a camera takes multiple snap shots at once and the subject keeps changing positions at a fast rate, it was scary how inconsistent my vision and memory was at this point. When I was able to focus once again I could see one other large wolf to my right just standing there staring at me, he didn't pace or growl like the others. I thought it was very strange, he didn't even look interested in the events that unfolded before him. I could feel the paws and teeth of other wolves sinking into my legs and arms but none hurt as badly as the bite on my torso given to me by the terrifying black wolf. They were immediately stopped by a hauntingly loud snarl. As if he could hear what I was thinking, he appeared at my feet, burning his gaze into my unfocused glassy eyes. I didn't want to be afraid or at least show him that I was so I tried my best to hold back my tears. I was trembling so badly my body was convulsing and my hands and legs felt like they were being stabbed by hundreds of glass shards. Once again I had realized I zoned out when the black wolf was now on top of me, his hind legs were applying an undeniably excruciating pain on my abdomen where he had bitten me. I could hear myself trying to stifle a scream that could have ripped someone's ear off and I hoped it would at least do some harm to the bastard that was surely enjoying causing me this pain. After my kicking and screaming had ended due to exhaustion and blood loss, the wolf was finally ready to end my suffering. I closed my eyes and I could feel all the tears I tried so hard to conceal roll down my face, I tried to not focus on the noises the wolves around me by thinking one last time about my parents and I remember saying 'I'm sorry dad..I love you mom' before feeling the black wolf's hot disgusting breath against my neck. I waited for it to happen but it was taking too much time and it was truly a lot more painful to wait for my demise than that of