Harry Potter sat on a wall Harry Potter had a great fall All of his Family and all of his friends Had to put Harry, together again Harry Potter was losing it. Or at least, he felt that way. It had been two months since he'd defeated Voldemort, and during that time both his physical and mental well-being were starting to go downhill. Combining the lack of sleep and loss of appetite with the occasional spurs of gut wrenching panic, had left him thin, pale, and unsteady on his feet. In his head, he felt as if he were balancing on the edge of sanity, with the already brittle ground crumbling out from under him as he watched unable to pull himself back; with one strong gust of wind he could tumble into an abyss filled with blinding pain and uninhibited anger. The anger was what really scared him. Anger at himself because he had failed. Failed to stop the war sooner. Failed to save those he loved. And beneath that surface layer, there was deeper, harsher anger. An anger that lay with those around him. Those who expected him to be strong; to be brave. Those who wanted him to put on a mask and reassure everyone else, all the people that were still reeling from the tragedies of war. Even when Harry himself was just as lost and broken as they were. As much as he loathed to admit it, there were some days... Days that were dark and cold. Days where the expectations were too high, and the pangs of guilt were too much. On those days Harry found that more than anything, he longed to fall into that abyss; to take one slight step and tumble all the way down. It would be frighteningly easy. To let all his emotions break free, flooding out of him in a cleansing wave, until there was nothing left inside. He wanted to scream and shout until his lungs were raw and his voice went hoarse. He wanted to punch something until his knuckles bled; Bang his forehead on the wall until his skull cracked open and thoughts went black. Couldn't any of these people see that? Didn't they care? His mind was melting in his head, bubbling up and over-flowing until he drowned in his own thoughts. And what did they do? Ask him to plaster on a smile and pretend. To just hold on- hold on, for a few more days. Just few more interviews. A few more funerals... "Just a few more hours Harry," Kingsley Shacklebolt had whispered to him just two weeks ago. They were posing together for a photo at the ceremonial opening of the new ministry of magic, one of Kingsley's hands grasping Harry's own, while the other rested firmly on his shoulder, anchoring him to the moment as if the new minister knew just how close Harry had been to falling off that edge. Harry knew it must have been because Kingsley was feeling the same, both of their faces held fake smiles and tired eyes, though, Kingsley's was slightly more practiced than Harry's, but he supposed that was a skill gained after years of dealing with a man like Cornelius Fudge. After that, they had been pushed into separate directions by the masses and forced to mingle, greeting person after person; a few reporters, some new ministry officials, and then a handful of civilians that simply wanted to shake his hand and thank him for saving them all. And every so often, when Harry started to feel the gnawing urge to run away, to hide, Kingsley would make his way back to him with gentle- real smile, and quietly say; "just a few hours Harry, that's all. A few more hours and you can go home." Harry would always nod his head and with a slightly forced smile, go back to mingling, mindlessly nodding along to what was probably a rather thrilling tale about (Needle point?) that the older man he was stand beside was telling him, his thoughts wandering back to Kingsley's words. A few more hours and you can go home. Home. And wasn't that just a laugh. Harry didn't have a bloody home. Not a real one… Nowhere he belonged. He had thought, once, that that the Burrow could have been his home. Someplace he was welcome and loved. But ever since the war- ever since Fred, going to the Burrow began to remind Harry in some ways of his trip to Godrics hollow. A feeling of something not quite being right seemed to shroud the place whenever Harry was around. O Right after the war, both Harry and Hermione had gone with the Weasleys back to the Burrow to stay for a while, the two of them bunking up in Ron's room, craving the closeness they'd grown accustomed to all those weeks together hunting horcruxes. But by the end of the first week, despite Ron's reassurance to the contrary, Harry began to feel that his presence was more of a painful reminder to the family than anything else. George hadn't spoken one word to him since they'd buried Fred, along with Remus and Tonks and all the rest of the deceased. Harry was glad for it. If George did speak to him, he didn't know what he could possibly say to the man. How do you talk to someone who lost their twin because of you? Hell, Harry couldn't even look at him without seeing Fred's lifeless eyes staring back, blaming him for all the pain he'd caused. Dealing with Mrs. Weasley wasn't any easier. She had spent the first three days back at the burrow crying her heart out, going around and making sure that she tightly hugged everyone goodnight at least once before allowing them to go to bed. Just to make sure that they were alive and well. The first night back she must have told Harry and Ron both good night at least five times each, the teary hugs she gave them damping their shirts so much they had to change them again before they could sleep. Mr. Weasley was slightly better. At least, he didn't burst out into tears when asked if he wanted sugar for his tea. But whenever Harry met his eye, they held a pain that Harry didn't think he'd ever see in the man. His eyes were those of a man that had lost something very dear to him… A man who'd lost a son. Then there was Ginny. Harry had always thought on some subconscious level, all those weeks traveling around with Ron and Hermione, that after the war, everything between them could go back to the way it had been. But each time he thought he had found the courage to broach the topic, he'd take one look at her and all he could see was Fred. Shaking his head and telling him back off before he hurt another member of his family. Now he didn't know what they were. Those first few nights they would hold one another as they shook with unshed tears, then in the morning, they would barely speak. She'd go off to help her mother, while Harry followed Ron and Hermione around doing whatever menial task had been asked of them. There was one day when the three of them just sat in the garden silently watching for hours as the sun rose into the sky and then slowly lowered back down again. As for the other Weasleys: Bill, Charlie, and even Percy. Being around them had become almost unbearable. Whenever Harry found himself in the same room with any of them it felt as though they were miles apart, with all the small talk and smiles that never quite reached any of their eyes. And the looks they gave him when they thought he wasn't paying attention. Harry could tell they blamed him for the loss of their brother. And he knew that any anger they felt towards him was justified; if anyone should be there, under that roof, sharing their meals… If anyone had a right to be there, it was Fred. Not him. He had no right to take a place in a family that wasn't his. And the fact that they wouldn't just out-right say it to his face had started to drive Harry a little mad. So, on the eight night there, after Harry had assured that everyone had retired to their rooms, he stuck a note on Ron's door telling him not to worry, and then careful as to not wake his sleeping friends, he made his way downstairs. It was somewhat reminiscent of that night not so long ago, when both Mad-eye and Hedwig had lost their lives, and George his ear. Except, this time, Ron and Hermione wouldn't stop him. There was no mission that needed completing, no war he had to fight. It was just him, doing what he knew was best for everyone. For Harry, every day spent there left him followed around the Fred's ghost, watching him taking his place. And for the Weasleys… They didn't need him there. They had more than enough on their plates without his issues added to the mix, and… they'd already done so much for him. Lost so much for him. Harry couldn't ask any more of them. Silently closing the door behind him, Harry made his way to the outer limits, far enough away so as not to disturb anyone, and he apparated away. O Two wrong apparitions later; one that lead him to a bathroom stall in a small oriental restaurant and another to the broom closet of a rundown auto shop. Harry stumbled onto a dark suburban street, lit only by a single flickering lamp. Pulling himself to his feet, Harry dusted the dirt off his pants, and then in a very unsteady manner, wobbled down passing house after house until he made it to the one he'd been looking for, the only place he had left, given to him after his godfather's death: Number Twelve Grimmauld place. A month and a half after that, as Harry, tiredly walked down the same street after what had definitely been much more than 'just a few more hours' of mingling at the ministry opening- made his way inside the old house, wandered up the stairs past the hideous wall of decapitated house-elves, dropping himself onto the bed in still cobwebbed room that he'd been keeping his things in; Closed his eyes, letting the shrieks of Walburga Black's portrait downstairs serve as a white-noise while he drifted off into a night of fitful sleep, his last thoughts were of how this old museum of a building, filled with more dust and long forgotten memories then most crypts, would always be more of a prison, than a home. It had been used long ago, by Walburga Black to keep her sons in line. Then by the Order, to keep Harry's godfather Sirius Black, safely squared away. And now it was used by Harry himself; as a place to hide from the world and all its problems, leaving only when asked personally by Kingsley. Or when he was annoyingly forced out by Ron and Hermione. And, on one memorable occasion, when Professor McGonagall showed up and asked him to tea at a small shop a few blocks away. However, Harry found that as the weeks went by, the excursions out were growing few and far between, a mere two months and things with the ministry were finally smoothing out, there were no more funerals to attend. Though, there were still memorials being held almost weekly, and, as 'The-boy-who-lived', he always made an appearance, more out of duty than desire- so many people had lost their lives, and Harry didn't think he'd ever be able to remember who most of them were no matter how many members of their families he met. The growing isolation only served to