Disclaimer : None of the characters were mine A/N : I'm back! I'm so happy to publish the sequel of You Found Me. THIS IS A COMPILATIONS OF ONESHOTS. Each chapter can be read as a standalone. Now, enjoy! Please R&R, follow and favorite! Warning : Knotting Sex, mild non-con, heavy angst. A MILLION LITTLE PIECES / Summary : Love always turns out right even when you think it's killing you inside. / Emmett POV I was hanging on the tree, watching my mate that was bunched on the bed, his knees propped up. I knew he was tired by the way his shoulders sagged. Everything that had transpired today has taken its toll on Jacob. With him finding me at the cliff, our mating, and finding out that he's pregnant had exhausted him. Well, except that, I don't mind exhausting him with sex, I'm glad if I can do it just anytime. I still can't quite believe that I have my mate beside me. Yesterday, I was so sure that he was gone forever. I was ready to give myself to Hell, damned me for eternity, for rejecting my mate, but I was saved when Jacob found me. I was given a second chance. And when he gave himself to me this morning, no words in this world could describe how it felt to me. It felt right holding him, kissing him, hearing his voice, and looked into his beautiful big brown eyes. For the first time in my life, I felt complete. He completes me. Yet, I don't think I deserve him. Ever since we came to his house, and his father told us that Jacob was pregnant, I was quite the whole time. When he told us about his heritage, his ability and his family's banishment, I was surprised, but then I didn't think of anything at that time. I didn't know that a fertile male wolf could actually get pregnant after having sex with a vampire. But it was Carlisle that gave away the looks at me at the mansion, before we went to see Billy. And I knew at that time, I had knocked up Jacob but I still need to be sure. When Jacob was in the car before we head to his house, I grabbed Carlisle hand. "Carlisle...?" My eyes were searching for the truth in his face. He just sighed and rubbed his hand on my shoulder and went inside the car. Edward who had known from Carlisle's thoughts kept a solemn face, confirming the truth. And just like that, cold speared my chest. Fuck! I got Jacob pregnant . And suddenly, everything moved too fast. I just met Jacob this morning. And we mated. And now he's pregnant. But to get my mate pregnant right away shocked me. Inside the car, my inner turmoil was completely hectic. And Jasper glanced at me through the rear mirror, and I shook my head. I can control my emotions; I just can't control my thoughts. And I'm sorry for Edward that he has to go through with it. I glanced at Jacob beside me and I saw how nervous he is, clearly, I need to be the calm one. So I kept my emotions in check, and put out my poker face. I assured him that things will be alright, I promised that to him, even when I don't know what could happen to us. When Jacob saw the looks Carlisle gave me, he saw that my facade finally had crumbled. I could no longer pretend that what happened is nothing, that Jacob carrying my child is nothing. It dawned to him that I knew something. When Carlisle finally told Jacob, I watched his eyes. People said that our eyes hold every word our mouth can't explain. What I saw gripped my heart. At first he was shocked, but then when he touched his flat stomach, he seems accepting; accepting the life that I had put inside him. At that point, I knew that this is something he wants. The problem is I'm not sure if this is something I want. I love Jacob. I am truly, madly, and deeply in love with him. But having a child at this time, I'm not sure if I can deal with that. The truth is I'm scared. I'm a scared 90 years old vampire. What if I fail? What if I fail to be a good father? Heck, I don't even know how to raise a child! 70 years with Rosalie, not even once I thought about raising a family. I never thought about what does it feels like holding a child in my arms. It's a fact that I've been live with for so long. But now, things have changed. My mate is carrying our child. I will become a father. I sighed. I continued watching my beautiful mate as he lay down on his bed facing the windows. I haven't said a thing to Jacob after the news breaks out. Carlisle does the wrapping up by telling everyone that we will discuss this matter again after everyone, specifically me, have been mentally prepared to discuss everything. I know Edward probably must have taking up upon himself to lighten the situations by telling them that I just need more time. And Jasper must have done his best to soothe everyone's emotions. While, I simply fled the house and ran the fastest I can into the forest, while trying to wipe away my guiltiness bearing inside my heart. I left Jacob in there. I've hurt my mate again. I know. I'm a coward. I don't deserve Jacob. He saved my life and what did I repay him? I ran away when he needed me the most. I should be struck by lightning, or burn to crisp on a pyre. I sobbed, landing my feet on the ground and running back into the forest. I kept thinking about how I've hurt my mate and I should die, when the grace in my moves faltered, and I flew to the air and crash landed on a big boulder, splitting it into half. My skull cracked from the impact. I groaned in pain. I lay on the split boulder, heavily panted while my skull heals itself. I looked up to the starry skies. I close my eyes, and images of Jacob searing to my vision; his perfectly beautiful face. I couldn't leave him. I can't. I needed him too much. I just need time to deal with myself, before I went back to Jacob. / Jacob POV I heard the soft thud outside the window. I know Emmett have been watching me for a while. And it hurts me that he didn't even come to me. And like earlier the day, he ran away again. I know he needed time, and I respected that. But somehow I can't stop this insecure feeling. I felt like I'm unwanted by him. I know things have moved so fast in just one day. I'm pregnant with his baby. I know he's still shocked over the news, and so am I. None of these things was expected. Yet, he took a bolder move by simply running away. Didn't he realise that I was dragged into these messed up things as much as him? That I was played by this fucked up Original-Wolf-spirit-thing? How can he be so selfish? I'm just disappointed that he didn't come to me and talk. I know if we can talk things through, we could work this thing out together. But he ran. He left me alone when I needed him to be with me. I sobbed as my tears filling my eyes and dropped on the pillows. / Emmett POV I stepped into the school compound from the direction of the forest. I didn't come home yesterday. I lay still on that boulder for two days. It's been a week since I last hunt. But I didn't have the will to satisfy my thirst. I miss my mate. I need Jacob. The students have gathered up at the school parking waiting for the bell. I saw my siblings were there too. I walked up to them. Alice gasped as I approached them and quickly came to my side. "Emmett! You look pale, your eyes are black! You need to eat!" Alice said. "I'm fine!" I grunted. "You shouldn't come to school today. You need to hunt, Emmett. Come with me, now" Edward said to me. "Stop telling me what to do!" I growled. I really don't need them to bustle over me. I just need my mate. "Emmett! What has gotten into you?!" Alice hissed. Before I could lash out in front of the whole school, I stopped as Jacob's truck drove into the parking lot. But instead of Jacob, it was Mike Newton who sat smiling and grinning behind the wheels and stepped out of the truck. What the hell?! How did he get into Jacob's truck?! Then I saw Jacob stepped out of the truck too. They stand in front of the hood. Mike was talking to Jacob; he's clearly flirting with my mate. Like being switched on, my blood boiled. I growled and made a step towards them. But I was held back by my brothers. "Let me go!" I snapped. "Emmett! Calm down! Not here!" Edward snapped back. The bell rang, the students started to make their way to the school. I saw Jacob walked together with Mike to the school while that fucker put his hand around my mate's waist and saying something to my mate's ear. I snarled louder. That's it. I want to break that kid's neck. I pushed my brothers away, but they strongly held me back. "LET ME GO!" I barked. A couple of kids who was close to us stopped and looked at me were terrified. I hissed at them and they quickly scattered back to the school. Jacob and the kid were still talking and approaching the main entrance when suddenly I stand unresponsive. Jacob smiled at the kid. I realised all the times I've been with him, he never smiled at me. Not even like that. I dropped my hands and went back to the forest. I screamed as I destroyed a few trees. I felt like dying all over again. Jacob... / Jacob POV I really have no strength at all today. When I woke up this morning, I felt horrible. Heck, I looked horrible. My eyes were puffy from the crying last night. Dried tears felt sticky on my face. But I had to go to school today. So I got up take a shower, put on fresh clothes, when the bell to my house rang. I walked down stairs, opened the door and found Mike standing on my porch. "Hey Jake" Mike greeted. "Hey Mike. What're you doing here?" "Well, my car broke down this morning. And since my house just down the road there and yours here, so I walked. I thought maybe I can catch a ride with you?" He grinned "Sure. Wait a sec. I'll get my bag and my keys." I went to my room and get my bag, locking the house since dad left a note that he's at Charlie's house, probably going on a fishing trip today. I went outside and Mike was standing beside my truck. "Nice truck, Jake" He patted the hood of my 63' Chevy Pickup. "Yeah, got them a while ago" I smiled. My truck is my baby. I bought them with my own money. Mike looked fascinated with my truck so I thought I could give him a try to drive. "Here." I give him my keys. "You drive." "Cool. Thanks!" Mike is just something. He's attitude make people around him feel at ease. He laughs, he smiles, and he talks. I manage to get everything put aside for a while and just face the day like normal thanks to him. After