Beau is part of the family now and Eleanor keeps telling me that I need to accept it. In fact, everyone in the family besides Beau has been telling me that I need to accept it. But he's just so happy to be a vampire that it is beyond disconcerting. It should be concerning and not just to me. He's barely even a vampire, can we even really call him a vampire when he doesn't have the same insane blood lust that the rest of us have endured? Can a person be half vampire? He did only get a tiny bite on his finger after all. Edythe was shooting eye daggers at me from across the room. A sister who could hear your every thought was infuriating. Particularly as I spent a lot of my time hating her and Beau. "Edythe needs a break from your thoughts." Eleanor said from the kitchen upstairs. I went to her with such pace that the room blurred past. She sat on a couch in front of the glass wall, stunning and serene. "I'm trying El. I want to be okay with him being a vampire. Edythe is happy, Beau's happy." I sat down next to her on the sofa and she took my hands in hers. "I understand, Royal. I really do." She soothed. "I hate him Eleanor." I admitted. I hated him with such fury that I wished I could turn back time and have been the one to have taken Beau to Arizona and never let him out of my sight. I'd never have given him chance to escape and get attacked by Jules. I should have told him my story when Edythe first brought him to the house. Anything to have stopped him from choosing this endless life over death. He just didn't understand. Jess entered the room and my emotions calmed. "We could go hunting, take a break." El suggested, looking uncertain. She knew me better than anyone and even she wasn't sure how to help me with this problem. She could say she understood but really she didn't know how desperately I wished I had gotton to that ballet studio a few seconds sooner so that I could have dried up Beaus blood before Edythe let him decide. How could Edythe live with herself, knowing she had damned Beau to an eternal hell. Saving Eleanor was both the best and worst decision of my life and despite knowing that, Edythe had done the same thing. "I can't focus on hunting." I replied in an oddly calm tone. "I could go with you." Jess suggested. "You can't be my personal happy pill Jess. When I'm in the mood to hunt, I will." Animal blood was so bland in taste it was almost better to not drink at all. I watched Jess leave the room without another word. "We could take a vacation even. Go visit the Delani clan in Alaska. I know you miss it there." El said quietly, moving closer to me so that I embraced her. It was true that I missed the people there. Not only that but it was so deserted where they lived that would could hunt large game without it being noticeable at all. Heck, we could have hunted people there and no one would have ever noticed. "How fast can you pack your suitcase?" I kissed her head gently. She smiled. "Daft question but it depends, how long are we to stay?" El sighed and relaxed onto me. "A while?" I asked thoughtfully. I only agreed to leave last time because Carine wanted to leave and we stuck with her. "A week? A year? Ten?" She asked unconcerned. She was curious but I knew she'd go with me even if I told her we would go and never return to the Cullens. "Until Beau is dead for good? Between his desire to reconnect with his family and the Volturi, it can't be more than a decade or so." A small grin crept onto my features. "Royal you are such a piece of work." El giggled. She traced her fingers lightly in circles on my palm. "I don't mind though, if you want us to go. Carine might not be too happy but I don't care so long as you're happy." My phone begun to ring before I could reply. "Carine?" I answered. "Would you meet me on the I-10, where the pavement ends." She replied. It was an odd request but it was half way between here and her work, which she was currently at. "No problem." I replied. Perhaps it'd be a good opportunity to tell her the plan for me and El to go to Alaska. Away from the house of people with Vampire hearing. "I'll be right here when you get back." Eleanor turned around to kiss me before she let me up. "I'll even start packing the jeep while you're gone." She ginned. "I love you El." "I love you too and don't worry, I won't forget to pack your scrunchies. We can't have you running around without your hair perfectly styled." She smiled as she teased me. "If you bury them in the forest again.." "I'm never going to live that down am I? I thought you'd find it funny!" I couldn't help but smile back at her and laugh at how cute she was. "It's a good job I love you more than scrunchies." I left the room and jumped from the window at the top of the stairs. It was both a quicker way to the garage and an easier route to avoid the newbie vampire. I walked past the jeep, the silver Volvo and a newly acquired Lexus which I was not fond of before I got to the bike. Running would be just as quick but it was the middle of the day. I got on the bike and was parked behind the M5 on the I-10 in minutes. I got in the car beside Carine and waited while she hung up her phone call to Earnest. "What do you need? Is someone at the hospital suspicious of you again? I don't mind creating distractions but it isn't really a productive thing to do in a hospital." I managed to get the last nurse who got nosy about Carine transferred to another hospital. The details weren't really anything I was proud of. "Archie had a vision. Several actually." Carine said, looking at me intently. "Why do I feel like this isn't about problems at work?" I asked. "It's not. They were about you, Royal. Your anger and hatred is going to lead you to bad places." Carine was serious. It was almost laughable. "I might want Beau dead but I won't do it myself Carine. I want Edythe to be happy." I tried to guess where this was going. "There's been some visions of you killing Beau, very few were successful attempts but the future has changed as you decided you no longer wished to kill him yourself. Right now your future has three paths. Going to Alaska with Eleanor which turns into a decade long spiral of hunting humans for the both of you before you return to me, begging forgiveness. The second is staying with us until Beau slips up and a human discovers he is still alive. You tell the Volturi and Beau is killed. This leads to a sequence of events which results in you, Eleanor and Edythe killed too. The third future came about when Archie informed me of the first two options." "Having a brother who knows the future kind of sucks." I interrupted. "Its toying with a natural cause of events." Something I both did and didn't believe. "Royal. You need to leave and not return until you are willing to make peace with Beau, and Edythe." Carine's features looked a little pained. "I told you that we're going to Alaska." I said. "You need to leave, alone. Anywhere but Alaska." What was she saying? "I'm not leaving without Eleanor." I scowled at her. "If you want what is best for Eleanor then you will." Carine asserted. "You're being ridiculous Carine. I'd never do anything to hurt El." I almost shouted. I took unnecessary breaths to calm down. "Not intentionally." Tears brimmed my eyes. The thought of Eleanor being hurt by anything I'd done or could do, made my chest tighten painfully. "You trust me, don't you son? I wouldn't tell you to leave alone unless it was a last resort. I love you and want what is best for the whole clan." She pulled me into a hug and I allowed it. How had this conversation spiralled so quickly? "El will hate me for leaving without her." I sat up and wiped tears from my face. "Eleanor will be upset but she's as tough as vampires come. And without a single doubt, she'll wait for your return. She'll probably even find a way to be okay about you leaving. I want to build a separate house on the property, I intend to have her help so to keep her busy." I nodded. It was a good idea. "This is all Beaus fault. We were fine before he came along." My anger spiked suddenly. "Beau isn't forcing you to make the decisions which have lead to this moment, you are." That did not seem true at all, if he hadn't arrived I wouldn't be so angry to begin with. "I brought you my backpack from work for your clothes. You should start running so that by the time you leave Washington it'll be closer to night fall. You'll have better cover." I realised what she was insinuating. I could get further on foot than using the bike but running at such speeds for such a long time would soon ruin my clothes. They might survive a state or two but past that they didn't stand much of a chance. I'd need to take them off until I stop running. "You need to leave now." Carine said, a little sympathy in her voice. "Head east and don't stop in big cities." I got out of the car and pulled off my top, then my jeans and stuffed them in the back pack making sure my wallet was safely in there too. "Carine.." I said, pulling on the backpack. "Try to stay out of trouble Royal." She interrupted. I ran. I ran as fast as I could. As hard as I could and tried to block out all my thoughts. By the time night fell I was in Lolo National Forest and headed into Montana. By the time the sun rose I was nearly in North Dakota. I stopped in dense woodland, near a stream, deciding if I should continue running. Stopping to hunt and gather supplies would have been a smart idea but running just felt so good. My mind had been blank and free. Though now I worried about Eleanor. What if she did hate me for leaving? It hadn't been like I'd been given much choice. Every other option led to death and destruction. I could even smell death. Death and waste, as though there had been a genocide. I looked through the woodland but I couldn't see any bodies. Apart from which, I couldn't smell any blood. Perhaps it were old but the bodies had not been properly buried. I began pulling my clothes out of the rucksack to investigate but realised that it were pointless. If the bodies hadn't been found yet they probably weren't going to be. But if I found them and buried them that could implicate myself in something I wasn't already implicated in. What had Carine said? Stay out of trouble. I shoved the clothes back in the rucksack and took off running towards North Dakota, slower this time. I slowed further as I passed the next town. There were gaggles of children heading into the school, parents going