Chapter one: The replacement The room was rather dark, the few candles did little to illuminate the huge space and the few embers left glowing in the hearth looked like dying fire flies. It was warm though and very cozy and the luxury would have told anyone who entered that this indeed was the kings own bedroom. In the middle was a huge bed with a canopy and it was beautiful, grand and old and made to withstand the ravages of time. But whether or not it could withstand the punishment it now received was an entirely different matter. The bedframe was making squeaking sounds, the headboard banged against the wall behind it and the solid ropes that held the thick matrass sounded like a bunch of rats that were being tortured. The room was not silent at all, and neither were the two on top of the bed. Candriel was very loud indeed and she sounded a bit shocked, he wasn't that eager nor that rough usually. The king was more energetic than ever before and he grunted and groaned as he kept fucking her as if he was a hammer and she an anvil. She was rather convinced that the matrass would break soon, or her back! She was almost bent double with her knees over his shoulders and he had a death grip on her hips as he increased the speed and power even more. She knew him by now, she had been his mistress for more than a year and she knew that something was bothering him. Whenever he faced some sort of problem he couldn't solve easily he would become frustrated and then he would need some serious bed gymnastics to calm down and clear his head, so this time it had to be something very serious indeed. She felt dizzy and shocked and by Eru's mercy, he had to finish fast or she would get sore. It wasn't that she didn't like it, she appreciated a wild ride just as much as the next elleth but there is a limit to everybody's endurance and hers was drawing near. She gasped and writhed and touched her own breasts and that did it, the sight of it pushed him over the edge and he came hard, howling and shuddering. Candriel let out a small sigh of relief, of all the ellyn she had been with the king was the largest by far and also the most enduring one. He could keep going for hours if he wanted to. He collapsed onto her heaving for air and she got her legs back down with a silent thanks to the valar, he forgot his own strength when he was that caught by his own passion. She would feel stiff come the morrow but she knew how to take care of that. He laid heavily on top of her and she felt how he calmed down, the sweat started to dry and he was breathing more normally again. She let her fingers glide through the thick curtain of silvery blond silky hair and caressed his back with her free hand. " So, what is the problem this time?" He had ordered her to come to his private room earlier that evening and the moment she entered he had been all over her, as if he wanted to devour her completely. She had seen the almost desperate glimpse in his pale blue eyes, and she hadn't had time to ask him then. He sighed and pushed himself up onto his elbows, stared down at her with an expression of controlled irritation. " It is that …spawn of Morgoth!" Candriel frowned, she didn't understand. She had been visiting her mother for the last month or so and had returned home the day before. She hadn't had time to catch up with the things that were happening within the palace. " I beg your pardon? Spawn of Morgoth?!" He rolled off her, sat up next to her and sighed deeply. He stared at the faint light from the hearth with a rather piercing gaze. " A week after you left I received a message from Lord Elrond of Imladris. It was very polite but also desperate, I could read that between the lines. I was a fool and I agreed." Candriel sat up too, her hips ached and she tried to get away from the wet spot on the sheet, it was rather sticky. "Agreed to what my lord?" Thranduil pulled a silk sheet up around him, reached out towards the small table next to the bed and retrieved a decanter of rich dorwinion wine, he opened it with his teeth and took a huge swig out of it, Candriel didn't believe her own eyes. He usually never drank wine like that, he would pour it into a fine glass, admire its color, sniff at it and then drink just small sips to savor the taste. Tossing it back like that was out of the question so she realized that yes, he really had needed to blow off some steam, and still were. "Elrond's chief counsellor Erestor got wounded in a small skirmish against some pesky orcs, got a poisoned javelin to his guts. Elrond has sent him to the havens to recover, in case he gets worse Elrond wants him to sail west, to avoid dying." Candriel didn't say anything, she knew better than to interrupt the king whence he was speaking. " I have no great love for Erestor, I think he is a pompous ass and he will never change but I would much rather have him here than his replacement." Candriel cocked her head. " Replacement?" Thranduil nodded. " Yes, some years ago I made a deal with Elrond that his chief counsellor should come to my realm and meet my counsellors, together they would form a strategy we can use if the dark lord should return. And a week ago a replacement counsellor arrived, to my great despair. Erestor had apparently recommended him, and I bet that poison has been eating at his brains for he has made the greatest mistake in his career the way I see it." He took another hearty swig from the decanter, swallowed the heady wine as if it was grape juice. " Erestor's replacement makes Erestor seem like a wonderful person indeed, gee, I think I would have hugged that darn noldo if he was to appear here now." Candriel frowned. " Is he that bad? Couldn't Elrond have sent someone else?" Thranduil shook his head. " Nope, the letter I received told me, very explicitly mind you, that there were no other available scholars for the job, Erestor insisted on him being chosen, and Elrond would very much like for him to visit my realm the sooner the better. I think he would have written "Good riddance" at the end if he could." Candriel had to giggle. " So, what is so bad about that ellon?" Thranduil put down the decanter, he stared at it with sorrow, it was almost empty. "Everything, every bloody fucking thing Candriel. I had to see you today, or else I would go mad and become the doer of the most wicked of deeds, kinslaying!" She bit her lower lip. That sounded almost too unbelievable to be true. Thranduil had a rather flaring temper but he never turned violent, he just used his very sharp tongue and wicked sense of sarcasm and it usually made even the most stubborn opponents back down. "Really?" He nodded and swung his legs out over the edge of the bed, not without problems for the wine had started to kick inn by now. " Yes. His name is Araval and he is a half teler half noldo out of Lindon. He is the most despicable ellon I have ever met, and I have met a few very nasty individuals in my time" She shivered. " I do not doubt that my lord" He continued. "I have always thought that most noldor are haughty and proud and look at others as if they are naught but manure stuck on their boots but this one? Oh Eru, he puts every other noldo I have ever met to shame. He makes even Galadriel seem humble and demure." Candriel scoffed. " Really? How is that possible?" Thranduil sighed and let his upper torso fall back onto the bed, he stared up into the canopy. "He is impolite, he refuses to listen to anyone but himself, he thinks that my counsellors are stupid, uneducated or worse, uncivilized barbarians and that I am some upstart who came to be a king just because we sindar happen to be a tiny weeny bit more cultured than the silvan who he by the way regards as something barely worthy of becoming servants. I could have…." Candriel had to snigger. " You don't like him, I get it!" He turned his head around, stared at her. " It isn't that, what I feel matters not if it can make our realm safer, but he doesn't care about the treaty at all. He wants to show everybody just what a marvelous strategist he is but in truth he doesn't have a clue about strategy or anything else for that matter. He is a dimwit, a bloody fool. He disregards every piece of information he is given and tries to overrule all the suggestions we make. I know why Elrond sent him on such a short notice, he hoped that Araval would get lost in the woods and never return." Candriel started to rub the king's shoulders and he sighed with relief, he was tense, she could feel it. "And there I am, bound to behave like a king, polite and everything when I really want to pull out a sword and bloody decapitate the idiot. He managed to piss Anaron off, imagine that?" Candriel gawked. "What? But…." Thranduil closed his eyes. " Yes, I know. I have seen him fight orcs and trolls without even uttering a curse, you could accuse him of everything from being a coward to a servant of Morgoth and he wouldn't even frown, but Araval? Oh Eru, he managed to make Anaron so angry I was afraid it would end with murder" Candriel blinked, she sat down next to him and rested herself against his shoulder. " What did he say then, that managed to tick off the most peaceful and balanced ellon known to elves" Thranduil made a snorting sound. " Araval told Anaron that he was an ill-bred excuse for an ellon who didn't know the difference between a sword and a toothpick and that he wouldn't be able to find his own arse even with the help of my entire guard and a torch!" Candriel had to laugh, she couldn't help it. " Oh sweetness, that is one…hefty insult" Thranduil nodded. " Anaron would have ignored it if Araval hadn't added something else to it. He claimed that Anaron's mother had to have begotten Anaron with some lowly wood elf for a true sinda couldn't be all that daft and that was when Anaron snapped." Candriel hissed. " I do not blame him, everybody knows he loved his mother and she is a very respectable elleth who loves her husband dearly." Thranduil nodded. " So he has made a lot of enemies here, not only among the nobles but among the entire population. I cannot imagine that an elf can be this…this block headed but he is. An orc is a brilliant genius in comparison." Candriel scoffed. " Surely you must be jesting?" He shook his head violently. " No, I am dead serious. He is someone I would pay to get rid of, I don't think the spiders would want him out of fear of being poisoned. And orcs? Manwë's balls, they would run head over heels to avoid him." She curled up against him and he relaxed, nuzzled against