This is pure smut, though with a plot to it, sort of. I have used some characters from one of my own novels, an unpublished project that is on hiatus right now since I am currently working on two fantasy series and need to finish them first, and that story is a bit dark and twisted so I am a little unsure of how it will turn out. You can perhaps call this little steamy story a sort of a crossover. I just wanted to torment poor Haldir a little bit and thought that a healers gentle touch could be needed, ahem. You have heard the song "sexual healing"? And the song "the bad touch"? That's what this is all about folks, enjoy! The healing touch Sometimes the things you need May not be what you want Sometimes the things you want May not be what you need But sometimes it really is. A healing hand can offer so much A wounded heart can mend over time Desire has a heart of its own Let it run its own course. The faraway sounds of battle were slowly getting more and more distant, he was slipping away. He tried to hang on, to stay there but he couldn't, even the pain was ebbing away. He should have done more, fought harder but at least his brothers had gotten away, it was a sacrifice he was willing to make. The others had found a way out, fought their way through the ambush and gotten back to the safety of their land. One death was a small price to pay, even if it was his own. He was no more valuable than the others, as a warrior he was prepared to face Mandos any day. As the light slowly disappeared from his eyes he thought that it had been a strange day to die on. He had slept very poorly that night, his brother Rumil had kept him awake for hours. Orophin had been visiting some friend and hadn't been at home but there were no doubt that Rumil was back on his talan and that he wasn't alone. Haldir knew that his brother had a soft spot for a certain elleth and now he had obviously managed to convince her of his honest or perhaps not so honest intentions. The sounds they were making made it very clear that they weren't exactly playing chess or discussing poetry, he had never thought that his otherwise shy and somewhat introverted brother could sound like a goddamn stag in full rut. And she was really loud too, the whole of Lothlorien had to hear that racket and Haldir had heard it very well. He almost wanted to get out, climb up to his brothers talan and knock on the door but he didn't. Rumil deserved some fun, but by the Valar, he just wished they didn't have to be that loud! Haldir had been out on patrol for four months and he had been tried and wanted his rest but no, no such thing was to be had, not that night. His brother was obviously capable of keeping things going for a long time. He tried pulling his pillow over his head, tried counting orcs, he even took a whole bottle of wine and emptied it but no, no such thing as sleep. He was suffering. And the nature of the sounds did affect him too, he was writhing in his bed, trying to erase certain sweaty images from his mind. He had a reputation for being cold, for having shunned everything in exchange for a life as a warrior. And perhaps some of it was true, he never sought a partner and he never indulged in the pleasures others shared. He would spend his spare time on the practice fields, not in bed with some willing elleth or ellon, and he turned a deaf ear to everybody who tried to introduce him to someone they thought would be a perfect match. His brothers had of course tried that time over and over again but in the end they had stopped. They assumed that their brother just wasn't interested in such activities at all and that was fine by them. As long as he was happy there was nothing to it. When Rumil and his bed partner finally fell asleep Haldir was almost too tired to sleep, he was painfully aroused after having listened to the action going on in Rumils talan but he didn't try to help himself in any way, he never did. He just lay there until the ache disappeared and his body accepted that there would be no relief. When he finally slept he dreamed of a battle and of blood screams and death. He had hoped for a day of peaceful training and perhaps some hunting but alas, that wasn't to happen. As he and some other warriors stood discussing the lack of proper steel to forge new arrow heads a horn could be heard. A rider appeared on a steaming horse and they all had to ride out immediately. There were orcs right by the border and they had some of the galadhrim pinned against a cliff. Haldir had mounted a horse and rode out in a hurry and he did see that his brothers too had joined the troop. They reached the trapped group just in time, the orcs had almost breached their defenses and now the troop just rushed in and killed orcs everywhere. They had almost finished all of them when everything changed in a flash. A new pack of orcs emerged, from both sides and the elves really had to fight hard now. The wounded were placed upon horses and the most experienced warriors fought to create a passage which they could use. Haldir had been fighting like mad, killing orcs was what he really lived for and his blades were dripping with blood very soon. The orcs were starting to retreat, they understood that these elves were fighting too well to be overpowered and Haldir were among the few watching the back of the others as they helped the wounded escape and retreated towards the magically protected border. He had been so certain that this would be just another fight, nothing more than that. Kill some orcs, return safely, fight again tomorrow. He was wrong. Suddenly he had felt a terrible impact and when he looked down he saw an arrow protruding from his chest, he didn't really understand what he saw at first. There was no pain, just a strange numbness and he blinked and felt confused. No, it wasn't true, was it? The others were running back to the border, the remaining orcs going in the opposite direction, still many remained. None of them did even look at him, they saw the arrow and knew he was done for. No point in killing an enemy who is already dead. His horse came running, he grasped on to the saddle but didn't have the strength to pull himself up, the arrowshaft was in the way. He just hung on and the horse suddenly screamed and ran off in a fit of panic. An orc had struck it in its flank and the pain made the animal bolt. He could just hang on, his vision failing, he had the taste of blood in his mouth and now it hurt. The others had gotten away, that was a relief, but he would die alone. The horse slowed down, moaned and fell onto its knees. The wound was too big, it was dying too. He fell with it, laid there on his back while the world disappeared. His brothers would mourn him but they would be alive, he just hoped the Valar would spare them for any more losses. The meadow was not big, but it was beautiful with lots of tiny and pretty flowers and in the sunlight it did look very idyllic. A deer was grazing and had its aim set for a particularly juicy looking young bush when it felt something in the air. A sort of vibrating energy, a buzz. The deer snorted and ran off, by every hair on its mother's hide, wasn't anybody allowed to finish a decent meal there anymore? The air started shimmering and it looked as if it cracked somehow. Then three figures appeared, as if they came out of nowhere. Two riders and a huge feline the size of a horse. The animal was white with red stripes across its shoulders, a red tail and red ears and it licked it's lips and growled. The riders stared at their surroundings with narrow eyes. One was a woman with long golden hair and deep blue eyes that seemed very cold somehow, there was an air of power around her and she carried a blade across her back and wore some sort of uniform, white with red symbols. She petted the large silvery horse she rode on the neck and sighed. "Now, I wonder where we are and why the heck Olwyn sent us here? It looks peaceful enough to me." Her partner replied, he pulled down the hood of his cloak and green grey eyes watched the surrounding forest with curiosity. "Oh, looks can be deceiving, I bet there is danger here. Lots of it. She never does this just for fun, someone is in need of help." His sharp gaze softened when he looked at her. "Do we ride?" She nodded. "Redpaw, seek" The giant feline purred and started walking on and the male urged his steed forth. It looked like a horse in some ways and yet it wasn't, huge and pitch black with cloven hooves and teeth like a predator Korrun normally scared the living daylights out of people with its cat's eyes and amazing size. It was beautiful but only he could hope to control such a beast. The woman tilted her head. "Bogdhan, listen, shouting?" He nodded. "I hear it dear, in the distance." Redpaw growled and nodded its head and it was gone in a flash, they spurred their chargers and followed the feline. He grinned. "See Adraste? She knows what she is doing!" She made a grimace and clung on to the reins. Silverblade was a bit feisty and could easily become too eager to control. "I never said that she doesn't." He could barely see now, his breath shallow, the pain unbearable. He fought for every breath of air, saw how the retreating orcs scurried past him. He wished that he could have killed them, one dead orc was one less to fear tomorrow. The horse moaned, not yet dead. He was ready to close his eyes one last time when he heard the sound of hooves, was the others trying to find him? They had certainly noticed that he was missing but they shouldn't risk their own lives like that, the lady should scold them for it. Then something bright flashed before his eyes, something white and red and an orc screamed in fear and agony as a giant feline grasped it in its jaws and crushed it into a pulp. A rider shot through the undergrowth on a huge silvery grey horse, the animal trampled a couple of orcs while the rider took the heads of some more with swift moves, her blade shimmered in the air as if it was made from ice? Another rider emerged from the opposite side, huge and terrifying on a black animal that looked like a horse but he did see that it wasn't. The rider swung two blades and did it with a strange elegance, the feline came over and growled and Haldir closed his eyes, he didn't care if it wanted to eat him. He was as good as dead already. He heard a shout, the orcs were running away like scared rabbits and then he felt a hand on his head, very gentle but large. "Over here Adra,