One of those days…. Elrond ushered the limping elleth out of his office and sighed, it had been a very long day indeed. After having arrived in Aman he had quickly realized that he needed something to do unless he would go absolutely ga-ga with boredom and he returned to his previous career as a healer. Celebrian had supported him since she didn't want a grumpy and irritable husband and so he had opened a small hospital not far from the harbor where the white ships used to arrive. Not that there was that much to do in the blessed realm, after all, elves do not get sick and there were no dangerous animals or orcs lurking around the corners. But accidents do happen even there and most of his patients were just that, victims of small mishaps which could happen to anyone. This day he had helped a mother with a toddler who had fallen down a flight of stairs and knocked out four teeth, it had been the front teeth so the kid sounded like he was constantly playing the flute. The mother was hysterical, the kid less so. Then he had a visit from a very angry stable worker who had been bitten by an ornery stallion and needed several stitches. The day had been interesting, not too hard and with some nice challenges, he liked that, challenges. It sort of kept him from becoming indifferent and he quickly realized that the healers they had there were good for nothing. They didn't have any sort of experience, they used herbs and some magic and if you presented them with an open fracture or a torn gut they would pass out. No, he was the only healer of his kind and some did come from very far away to seek his advice. The maiar of Lorien were of course exceptional but not all wanted to travel all the way to the gardens and in emergencies he was the best choice. It gave him some pride to think of this, and he was humming as he cleaned off the instruments he had used. The elleth had stepped on a very sharp seashell and cut her foot and he had to sew the wound, a very neat and elegant job. The job prevented him from thinking too much about his sons and daughter back in middle earth, his sons would join him sooner or later but Arwen was lost to them all and the thought always made him very melancholic. He had one assistant, a very young ellon of telerin origin and he was nice and eager to please, Elrond liked him a lot. He would make a fine healer in a few centuries time. Now the assistant entered the office and bowed his head. " You have two more patients my lord, a couple" Elrond frowned, a couple? Then he probably had one patient not two, it was rather common for elves to accompany their beloved ones to the healer, just to make the injured person feel safe. "So, what is the problem?" The assistant made a grimace. "Well, eh, they are vanyar, and have come from Valmar just beneath Taniquetil, they are both young, he is 120 and she is 118 and apparently they want children but haven't managed to get any." Elrond was a bit confused but this ignited his interest, it was extremely rare for elven couples to remain childless if they wanted offspring and vanyar? The normal thing would be to ask the valar for advice, the vanyar were after all horribly pious and devoted to the valar. They spent more time on their knees than on their feet. Elrond took a deep breath. "Alright Dageron, send them in, I wonder what this is" The assistant nodded and before long two elves entered the office. Both were very beautiful and golden blonde like most vanyar and Elrond could clearly see that they were very much in love. He put on his most professional smile and gestured towards the chairs. " Do sit down, I am Elrond Ëarendilion, how may I be of assistance?" The ellon bowed his head, he was blushing a bit and Elrond had to smile wryly, he remembered the feeling of being young and eager and ready for everything. " I am Cauron, this is my wife Alassiel, we come from the vanyar capital" Elrond could clearly see that, they wore expensive clothes and their jewelry and everything spoke of the worship most vanyar were eagerly engaged in. Elrond did find the fashion gaudy with lots of sharp colors and too much fabric but who was he to criticize the fashion of others? Elrond nodded. " You are both young?" Cauron nodded, that nice blush still coloring the delicate face. " Yes, we got married when my Alassiel turned hundred, the very day in fact. We have been friends since we were elflings and have always known that we were meant for each other." Elrond smiled. "That is very good, you do have a problem?" Cauron bit his lower lip. " Yes, ah, we want elflings, a lot of elflings but nothing have happened, and some in our family has begun to…talk. We have prayed a lot but that doesn't work, and we doesn't dare talk to the valar for what if they are angry at us? A friend of mine recommended you my lord." Elrond nodded and sighed, oh the gossip of the righteous ones, he knew everything there is to know about that. The vanyar were the worst gossip makers of all, every little flaw or fault would be put under intense scrutiny and the poor victim would never escape the vicious tongues. Elrond smiled gently. " You have been married for 18 years, that is in fact a long time to wait for something to happen, normally you should have been parents years ago." Alassiel had been quiet but now she finally spoke, vanyar wives were supposed to be demure and humble and completely obedient to their husbands but she was young and probably a bit impulsive still. " I cannot even bare to watch others with their little ones, my heart is aching in me my lord, I do long so much for that blessing. " Elrond knew that the longing for offspring could be extremely strong in some and the vanyar had a culture in which the raising of children was seen as a female's main goal in life. She wouldn't be regarded as complete without at least a couple of elflings. Some claimed that the vanyar were breeding like cats and Elrond had to agree on that, at least to a degree. The vanyar loved children but they did also raise their offspring in a very strict manner and the unwritten rules of that society could fill a book. He tried to remain professional, he could not let his personal compassion intervene with the job as a healer. He nodded. " I understand my lady, it must be very hard" Alassiel sobbed. "The other nissi have started calling me names, and say that I must have sinned somehow and that this is the punishment." Elrond felt a sudden urge to roll his eyes but he resisted and put on his most neutral expression. " I see, well, I do doubt that this is anything but a physical problem of some sorts. I will need to ask you some questions that may seem a little bold but remember, I am a healer and I do it only to be professional." They both nodded and looked as if they believed that he would solve the problem right away, there was such faith in those young faces and Elrond felt a bit nervous. What if there was something very wrong with one of them? It wasn't unheard of that damages to the crotch could render a ner sterile or that nissi could be born with problems too, he had once come across one born without a womb. He straightened his back and smiled. "Right, you do have your own household I guess?" Both stared at each other. "Yes, we do now. We lived with an aunt of Alassiel you see, our parents chose to serve the valar directly and we were both raised by her. She was married to one of my uncles." Elrond sort of figured that out, the Vanyar often married people from their own social group and that children from two different families were raised together wasn't unheard of neither. But for a parent to choose the service of the valar over their own family, that was something he could not understand. Living like a goddamn nun or monk for eternity? Singing hymns and praying the whole day? He would have gone insane for sure. Elrond sighed. "But you do no longer live with her?" Alassiel shook her head. "No, she too joined the holy sisters after we got married." Elrond didn't see anything holy in shunning all earthly joy but then again, these were Vanyar. He braced himself. "Okay, first question, Cauron, have you ever been injured…below the belt?" Cauron looked confused. "Below the belt?" Elrond nodded, now he just felt silly. "Yes, ah, like a kick to the groin or something like that?" Cauron shook his head. "No? what does that have to do with us not getting elflings?" Elrond felt a bit uncertain, was he joking? " Well, it may have a lot to do with such matters, but since you haven't suffered such injury then it isn't the cause." Alassiel sighed. "One of my friends told me to lay with my hips above my head, and I have tried that but it hasn't worked" Elrond had heard about that trick, some thought it would make conception easier after the intercourse but that was just superstition. He smiled. "It is just nonsense, do not heed such advice for it is mostly based on the wrong assumptions." She took a deep breath of relief. "Good, for I have gotten quite a sore neck at times and why would it work anyhow?" Elrond managed to smile, a bit stiffly. If this had been an adeneth he would have asked about her monthly cycle but since female elves don't menstruate he was spared that embarrassing little conversation. Cauron held Alassiel's hand and there was a lot of tenderness in the gaze he sent her. "We are so very happy together lord Elrond, and it would be perfect with a little one to take care of. They said we would get elflings when we started sleeping together and yet our prayers have not been answered. Could it be that the Valar are angry with us for some reason?" Elrond took a deep breath, then he sort of stared at the two again, as if he had seen them for the first time. They were Vanyar, and the vanyar often did their outmost to keep their young innocent and ignorant for as long as possible. It could not be? No, that was… He managed to smile. "Cauron, when you say you sleep together, what do you mean then?" Cauron did look confused and Alassiel too. "Ah, sleep? Like resting? Dreaming? In the same bed?" Elrond thanked his good upraising and rather unorthodox step fathers for the fact that he was capable of keeping a straight face. This was…well, he had solved the mystery. But how was he to explain this to these two youngsters. " And that is all you do? No kissing, no cuddling?" Cauron blushed. "No, Alassiel's aunt told us very early that we aren't to touch, that is naughty. Holding hands is okay but nothing foolish. And…." Elrond stared at the young ner with narrow eyes. "Yes?" Cauron was blushing even harder. " I…I feel weird when I am near her, could that be the problem?" Elrond cocked his head. Oh this was precious, who other than the Vanyar would be able to raise two