All in a day's work Elladan and Elrohir stood there in the courtyard of Imladris and they both were smiling, widely. Finally their father had realized that they were ready to do some real work, that they were ready to begin working as healers. They had for so long wanted to take some of the burden off their beloved ada and now he had finally given in. He was going to Lothlorien to visit Galadriel with Arwen and they were left in charge of the healing ward. Oh happy day! Elrond did look a bit as if he was in some doubt though, he had given the other healers strict instructions regarding what the twins were allowed to do or not and he hoped that this didn't end in disaster. But it was true that they needed to test their wings, and their skills. They had to see for themselves what a healer had to deal with and if he was there he would most certainly intervene and be unable to stay away. They needed to do this alone and he crossed his fingers and gave both his sons a real bear hug. Elladan and Elrohir were beaming with pride and he felt his heart swell with the love he felt for his sons. They were such good lads, and they were skilled although nowhere near as skilled as him. But that came with experience and he knew that at least Elrohir in time maybe could surpass even himself. He had a compassion with others that was very endearing to watch and such patience. Elladan was more impatient and he never really dove really deep into the case, that was something that made Elrond a bit worried but he knew that Elrohir would keep Elladan in check for now. The horses were ready and the twins kissed their sister goodbye for now, she was to stay in Lothlorien for a whole year and they would miss her. Their father would return after a few weeks though, he didn't dare to leave Imladris for too long. But he would appreciate the break, he had worked hard lately and the idea of relaxing was like a glimpse of heaven. But he couldn't help but being a bit worried though, knowing that his beloved sons often managed to create havoc even when they were meaning to help he had ordered everybody to keep an eye on them. They couldn't fail now, being healers was way too important to allow for any mishaps. They were dealing with the lives and health of others damn it. He placed his hands on the shoulders of his twins, stared them in the eye. "You are sure you can manage?" Elrohir nodded eagerly. "Yes, of course we can ada, don't worry. It will be fine. Erestor will take care of the administrative work and Glorfindel has got the rest. Altorno had promised to help us and so have the rest of the healers. It will be alright, we will only deal with the small things, cuts and bruises." Elrond nodded, he felt silly for being so worried but he couldn't help it. He was just so scared that something bad would happen, the twins were still young and inexperienced. But he trusted his head healer Altorno with his own life and knew that the ancient ellon could run the healing ward without problems. And there hadn't been any real challenging cases of lately so perhaps the weeks he would be gone would be peaceful ones. Yes, of course they would be, it was summer, few things happened in summer. He mounted his horse and the two stood there grinning. "Make me proud sons." They both nodded eagerly, those youthful handsome faces filled with determination and joy. They would show their worth now, and make their ada impressed. Elrond called out to the guards who were to escort them and they left the courtyard, Elladan and Elrohir stared after them until the group no longer could be seen. Elrohir was grinning from ear to ear. "Oh, this is going to be so wonderful, we are going to help people, really do a difference." Elladan nodded, his eyes were gleaming too, he saw himself saving lives and they both ran to the healing ward to receive their first orders. A few hours later it wasn't that fun anymore, Altorno had given them the not so enviable task of scrubbing surgical instruments, then they had to clean some aprons and clean some closets and the only medical thing they had been allowed to do was to put some leeches onto the leg of an old human female who had been under Elrond's care for the last five months. She was staring at the two handsome young elves the way a hungry wolf stares at a bloody steak and Elrohir managed to keep his façade but only with a great effort. Who knew that old adenith could have such a vocabulary and be so straight forward? They were both exhausted when they were allowed to return to their rooms and they sat down with a glass of wine each and hoped that the next day would be better. They wanted to do some real challenging stuff, they weren't elflings damn it. The next day turned out to be the same as the first one, just boring things and boring work and so the days went. The glory of being a healer faded very fast, and they were given tasks not even worthy of an apprentice. Altorno didn't trust the two twins, in his eyes they were too immature and the fact that they were the sons of their lord shouldn't give them any privileges his other apprentices didn't have. And there were hardly any patients at all now, just small injuries and people who needed advice regarding their health. Then things changed, and they changed abruptly. It was early in the morning and Elladan and Elrohir had reluctantly gotten out of bed and they were getting prepared for the day when there was a loud boom heard and it came from the healing ward. Both ran to the site and were horrified to see thick black smoke coming out of the room where they kept their medicine. The other healers came running out, coughing and wheezing and some guards came running dragging Altorno behind them. He was covered with sooth and he was moaning and looked awful. Elladan and Elrohir helped getting everybody out and there wasn't any fire, it was just a terrible smelly and stinging smoke that thankfully dissipated rather soon. The workers quickly made sure that every door and window was opened and that the whole ward was being sprayed with perfume to repel the stench. Altorno lay there moaning, his eyes were running and he looked confused. "What happened?" Elrohir was scared and the healer got up into a sitting position, one of the younger healers who weren't so affected by the smoke managed to get him some equipment for rinsing his eyes. It looked painful and it probably was. "Valar curse me, I was mixing some medicine when a bottle of something fell from the windowsill and straight into the kettle, I do not know what it was but it caused everything to explode. That smoke is dangerous, it is acidic for sure." He was blinking and it was obvious that his eyes were far from good. "Damn it, I cannot see naught but shadows." Elladan saw that this could be said for almost all the healers, they had running eyes and were in pain. "What are we to do then?! Is there any medicine for this?" Altorno sighed, he was loathe to admit it but for the rest of the day the twins would be in charge of the healing ward, they were the only healers not affected by this calamity. "The salve in the blue jar above the sink, make sure everybody has gotten their eyes covered with it and then bandaged. It has to stay on until after nightfall, remember that. We will be alright again, do not worry but the irritation has to be removed before anybody is able to return to work." Elrohir ran to find the salve and before long he and his brother were busy putting salve and bandages onto the eyes of every healer in the ward except themselves. Just a couple of the very young apprentices hadn't been affected since they were out gathering herbs and they were terrified and Elrohir had to calm them down. Half of the beds were suddenly occupied and the servants were busy washing the smoke off the walls and giving the wounded new clothes. The smell disappeared but the shock wasn't gone quite yet. Altorno was given the best bed and he sat there with his eyes covered and looked miserable, his fingers fidgeting with his blanket constantly. "Elrohir, Elladan, you are in charge here for the rest of this day, do you understand? It is all up to you, you have to treat every patient that comes in, and treat them well. Do you hear?!" The twins stared at each other, wide eyed. Yes, finally, at last they were to be real healers and not just glorified servants. Yes! "We understand master, we will make you proud!" Altorno just mumbled something and leaned back against the pillows, if the Valar were merciful this would be an uneventful day. "I doubt it but remember what you have learned. And if you are uncertain about something do ask me, got it?" Both the twins were almost trembling with excitement. "Yes master!" Elladan and Elrohir immediately ran to the reception room to wait for their first patient, this was so exciting! They couldn't wait to begin saving lives! They had to wait for two boring hours before anyone showed up, it was one of the stable workers and he was being carried by his friends. The reason wasn't hard to spot, his left leg was broken straight off and he was swearing and sweating and using a language that made the twins blush even though they were used to the language the guards used while on patrol. "Goddamn nag, kicked me! " Elrohir cut the pants leg off the stable hand and it was a nasty looking fracture but it wasn't open and it was rather clean too, no loose splints of bone that could cause problems. The leg was already swollen and red and black and blue but they got it back in place while the poor ellon panted and rolled his eyes with pain. Elladan mixed some strong painkiller and Elrohir made a cast to stabilize the fracture. It was done in just half an hour and the stable hand was no longer I pain although he had to stay away from work for at least a fortnight. Elladan and Elrohir was proud of themselves, they had fixed the problem just like their ada would, with compassion and gentleness mixed with stern determination. This was great, yes, they would indeed enjoy this work. They had just sat down to discuss the case when the doors flew open and an elleth wearing an apron and a hood over her hair came rushing in, grasping her arm looking very pale. Elladan greeted her with a courteous nod but she just frowned. "I got burned, spilled a kettle of hot water over my arm, get going then, fix it!" Elrohir knew that pain could cause people to become rather unpleasant so he just smiled and sat down to examine the arm. It was a bad burn and he hissed and knew that this was a challenge. He gave Elladan orders to gather the needed equipment and then he gently removed the flaking skin and they put ointment onto the burn and covered it with soft bandages. They gave her a kingly dose of painkiller though, she was grinding her teeth and panting and constantly accusing