A small story which showed up when i was busy milking of all things, I mean, Lindir is kind of cute and in almost every picture of him he looks a bit nervous and timid. I just thought that I would play a little with that fact and torture the poor elf a little. Well, not in a very cruel way anyway, just making a story with a little smut and humor that's all. After all I am not very evil ;) Be warned, it contains some very mature content and themes, nothing very graphic but still, you are warned, smut-alert. The story is a bit based on a Norwegian proverb, it is a bit hard to translate without losing the very point to it, it goes something like this." Som du roper I skogen får du svar" Meaning something like " As you shout out in the forest you'll be answered" I guess it means that you get returned what you are giving. This proverb has another version which is probably just made up for fun and it goes " Som du roter I skogen blir du far" It rhymes with the first one in Norwegian but the meaning is changed by the words that are different, now it means something like " If you're fooling around in the forest you'll become a father" And because of that I got this idea, so now you can kinda guess what this story is about. I know that the endpoint to this story is a bit impossible if you consider how elves usually live and reproduce but I just imagined them a little more like humans in that matter just for the sake of the story. These things do happen and I bet it could cause quite a reaction too. But this is parody and humor and just written to get a good laugh so I hope you'll like it anyhow and chose to ignore the rather incorrect parts. The cover art is my own as always and pardon me for not being able to make a drawing that actually looks like Lindir, I suck at portraits and since today was my washing day I have been busy doing house shores and my patience is running low so it became a very quick sketch I fear. And nope, don't own any of the characters though I wish I did Heating up while cooling down The summer heat was almost unbearable and the forest was rather quiet. Not even the birds had the energy to sing now, the air was shivering and the rider who was approaching the border of Imladris was trying to fan himself with a notebook. He was on top of a rather ragged old gelding and the horse was trotting along in a very sleepy fashion, it felt the heat too. Oh it would be wonderful to get back home, he was almost half dead from the heat and the waterfalls of Imladris were at least a source of some natural cooling. He had been sent to Mirkwood of all places on behalf of Lord Elrond and he had received some important letters from the king, he was so glad he was done with that mission. Being in the same room as Thranduil was terrifying enough and he had not managed to understand that the elven king in fact liked to frighten the minstrel a bit, he always stuttered and went pale and it was rather amusing to watch him squirm a little. Lindir had been followed by some guards but they had come across the tracks of orcs on the way and had to investigate and he was so close to Imladris now he would be safe. He would deliver the letters, then he would take a long and cold bath and return to his favorite hobby of making music. He deserved some days off now, Mirkwood was such a dark place and he knew nobody there and why did their king have to be so tall and intimidating? He felt like a tiny mouse or something every time he had met the king, he was barely able to say anything coherent. The horse was a calm soul but suddenly it turned left and headed towards a river, Lindir tried to turn it back but it refused. "Oh, I guess you are thirsty? Well then, let's stop for a drink shall we?" He let the horse walk down to the river, it was a rather huge pond right there and the water was flowing very slowly. It looked very inviting but he wasn't the kind of elf who would just forget about his duties and take a bath. No, not Lindir. He was not going to disappoint Lord Elrond and he was going to let his poor horse drink and ride on, he wanted to be home before dusk. The horse walked down to the river bank but didn't stop, it was hot and needed to cool off a little and it didn't really care if it had an elf on its back. It went in and Lindir squealed and tried to get the horse out of the water but no, it waded out until the water reached its belly, then it very slowly and with obvious glee let its legs bend and it lay down in the water. Lindir swore, he fell into the river and was suddenly drenched. He was soaking wet and he stared at the horse with obvious dismay. "You sack of oats, why did you have to do that? Oh great, I am dripping wet, look what you have done!" The horse didn't mind, he just lay there, sighing with pleasure and Lindir waded up and tried to get rid of the water soaking his clothes. Damn, he would have to hang them up somewhere, it was so hot they would get dry in no time. Surely Elrond would understand his problem, damn stupid horse. He got out of the wet clothing and hang them onto the bushes, it did feel good though to be cooled down and so he thought that never mind and took a quick bath. The horse was still enjoying its bath so why shouldn't he exploit the situation? He was trying to get the tangles out of his long dark hair when he suddenly heard voices, he froze. There were some elves living by the borders and this had to be some of them. He was caught by a fit of panic when he heard that the voices were female, oh no! There were ellith heading this way and he was buck naked. He did the wrong thing, instead of running up onto the shore and grasping his still wet clothes to cover himself with he ran into the water again. He gasped when he saw three young and very pretty ellith who came walking towards the river giggling and laughing. They stopped when they saw him and he felt how his cheeks and ears burned. The water was rather deep so he was covered up to his chest but it was clear and he felt terribly shy and nervous all of a sudden. Lindir often felt that way, he wasn't one of those very self-confident Ellyn who were flirting and bragging and making the ellith swoon. He was a rather timid elf who spent a lot of the day looking a bit like he expected anything bad to happen in just a few moments time. The ellith stopped by the river bank, they giggled again and he had turned his back to them and looked back over his shoulder. "Ah, ladies, pardon me, but I am not decent right now, if you could just turn back and walk into the woods for a few minutes I will be able to get my clothes back on without having to…ah…hurt your sense of decency?" The ellith laughed and to his horror they just ran into the pond without hesitation. "Ladies?!" His voice was a bit high pitched and he tried to find somewhere to hide, it was a bit troublesome when considering his situation. He just stood there with his hands shielding his crotch and stared at the ellith who didn't appear to be bothered by the fact that there was a naked male in the pond with them. Their dresses were made from a very thin fabric which turned out to be rather transparent when wet and Lindir was staring with his eyes wide open. The ellith just grinned. "Don't be so nervous, we usually don't bite. Relax, we won't hurt you, we just need to cool off a little." The one who spoke was dark haired with very nice curves and the two others were a little shorter and blond. "I am Mercariel, these are Lissa and Nordariel, they are sisters, I am their cousin." Lindir blushed, he could feel it. "I…I am Lindir." Mercariel smiled. "Pleased to meet you, tell me, aren't you Lord Elrond's minstrel?" Lindir nodded, he had to get out of there but how? "Yes, that is me, ah, if you could just turn around?" Lissa grinned and waded closer to him. "Now why should we want to do that? You are not at all bad to look at you know, I think you are rather cute. We think we are rather lucky you know, to go to our pond and find such a handsome ellon in the water, it must be our lucky day" Lindir was shivering, the water was getting a bit cold now and where was he to place his eyes? He was being impolite, he should be ashamed of himself! He was surrounded by temptation and so he chose to look straight up into the skies so that he wouldn't hurt these ladies honor in any way. He almost yelped when he felt a hand on his shoulder, Mercariel almost purred. "Tell me, are you really that shy? You have nothing to fear my friend, someone as handsome as you must be used to a little female attention?" Lindir was gasping, her hand was caressing his shoulder and he was suddenly very warm again. "No, no I am not, I mean, I am not used to females…" Nordariel just grinned, her pretty face looked very determined. "Now let's change that shall we, I can see that you like what you see." He looked down, oh no, did he have no manners at all? He had of course had his fantasies and some of them had included situations pretty much like this one but three? And they were all obviously interested in a little more than just cooling down. He tried to back away but Mercariel was standing behind him and he backed right into her softer areas. He gasped and lifted his hands just as a reflex and then Lissa went into action. Suddenly he felt warm hands caress certain body parts nobody else than himself had been allowed near and it felt so amazing he almost passed out. He had to whimper. "Please, ladies, what are you doing?! This isn't decent behavior, you should consider your reputation and honor!" Lissa smiled very sweetly. "Oh don't worry about us, we'll be alright you know. Nobody is gonna know about this unless of course you tell everybody. Just relax, believe me, we know what we are doing!" He tried to push Lissa away but somehow he couldn't, what she did just felt too damn good. "We shouldn't…" Mercariel was standing right behind him once more and he felt her kiss his neck and then she gently suckled his earlobe. "Oh yes we should, there's nothing wrong with a little fun now is it?" He had to gasp, whatever doubts and objections he may have had were crumbling like a house of cards in a tornado, suddenly he had hands touching him nearly everywhere and it felt so amazing he was close to tears. Nordariel was leaning up towards him