Warning, this story does contain some very dark themes, although nothing too graphic i hope and i am very sorry but in this story Thranduil appears as a Complete ###hole, sorry sorry! It was needed for the plot so please dont curse me! It is AU after all. Light subdued. Elrond was standing on the balcony, staring out at the valley. The first green sprouts of spring covered the ground and the sunlight turned the stronghold into a very inviting sight but the lord's face was a bit grim this morning. There was nothing he could do about it, he didn't like the situation even a bit. He sighed and tried to smile at his counsellor who came walking along one of the paved paths, his hands full of parchments ready for signing. Erestor saw him and nodded his head in respect and Elrond nodded back. The crisp morning air usually filled the peredhel with cheer and energy but not this morning, too much was at stake. He still remembered it, the conversation he had had with his eldest son, the angry words and the resentment Elladan had felt. It was all for a higher cause, they had to remember this. Sacrifices were needed if they were to survive the rising darkness, they all had to do their fair share. Elladan had been fuming with a rather volatile mix of emotions and he had been far from willing, claiming that he already did enough fighting orcs. Elrond knew that his son was right, he really shouldn't have to do this but there was none other who were suitable. Elrond had to sigh thinking about it, the way Elladan's flint grey eyes had been flaming and the stern look upon his handsome face. "I will not do it ada, no way. I am not going to marry some…sinda! And absolutely not the daughter of that insufferably arrogant…piece of wargdung!" Elrond rubbed his temples, his head ached and he wished that the situation was avoidable but it wasn't. The relationship between Imladris and Lothlorien was good and they cooperated well, but Mirkwood was a different matter. Over the years of the late second age and the early centuries of the third age that realm had started causing problems, and over time they had gotten worse, much worse. Thranduil was extremely suspicious towards anyone who wasn't of his own population and of the noldorin elves in special. Elrond wouldn't say that Thranduil hated them but it was pretty close to it. Mirkwood had been isolated for centuries and he felt that Thranduil was becoming more and more paranoid, he refused any help and even though there wasn't officially war between that realm and the other elven settlements it wasn't far from it. Elrond could almost be tempted to call it a sort of war, if any elves from the other realms were caught within the borders of Mirkwood they were imprisoned and interrogated and treated in a rather cruel way. Nobody had died but over the years the relationship between the Noldorin and Sindarin and Silvan elves had become very hostile and strained. Elrond was sorry it had come to this, the noldor regarded the sindar of Mirkwood as haughty and aggressive and the silvan as primitive and barbaric. They in turn regarded the noldor as naught but lying manipulative power hungry and greedy relicts of the first age not worthy of any trust. But finally some sort of peace had been created through a lot of diplomatic work and not a small amount of sweet talk and promises. And to seal the deal so to speak marriages were to be arranged. One of Galadriel and Celeborn's foster sons were being sent to Mirkwood to marry one of Thranduil's daughters and another daughter of the monarch was being sent to Imladris to marry one of Elrond's sons. Elrond shook his head and tried to think straight, he had been offered the elleth at first but he had no intention of ever getting married again, his Celebrian was waiting for him across the sundering sea and he knew he would meet with her again. But his sons were not married and so the duty fell upon Elladan. Who was truly and honestly aghast to say the least, he had almost thrown a tantrum when Elrond told him of the decision and only his great respect for his father had prevented him from doing something truly stupid. Elladan had been sulking for quite a while and Elrond couldn't say that he blamed his son for it, the eldar usually never married like that, to strengthen political bonds, but this time it had to be done. They were walking along a razors edge when it came to Mirkwood, they needed the support of the king, to know that he would aid them against the rising darkness. The silvan elves were perhaps less wise but they were extremely skilled warriors and there is strength in numbers. Elladan had claimed that Thranduil were trying to insult them, that he regarded them as unworthy and below him and his people and Elrond knew why. Thranduil had always regarded the peredhil as tainted with human weakness and it was not at all unthinkable that he used this as an opportunity to mock them. He had a rather peculiar sense of propriety and Elrond sighed once more. The elleth and her entourage were expected to arrive this morning and he didn't quite know how to greet her. He had accepted this out of a sense of duty and also out of pity, he knew a few things his son didn't. The elleth destined to be his son's wife wasn't a princess, she was the daughter of Thranduil's concubine and thus not royalty at all and she had been married before. So Elrond did understand that Elladan thought that the king tried to insult them by sending them what some would refer to as a second hand bride. Elrond had learned through careful investigations that the elleth had been married for only two hundred years, she had gotten married off as soon as she had come of age and so she was still very young. Her husband had been the son of one of Thranduil's generals who fought alongside him and his father at the Dagorlad and he had been killed in a freak accident involving a barrel of wine, a carriage and a spooked horse. The marriage had been childless and Elrond had learned that the in laws blamed the elleth for this fact, she had apparently suffered a miscarriage early in the marriage and after that nothing more had happened. Elrond did pity her, it could not be easy and he had heard from good sources that her mother in law almost accused her of having caused her son's death. It was such a sad thing and so Elrond had agreed on the treaty and the whole arrangement, he felt as though he would betray some innocent third part if he didn't agree to it. Elladan was ordered to stay at home, there would of course be a one year betrothal before the marriage ceremony but that was just to please those who believed that traditions had to be followed and respected. Elrond knew that his son much rather would be out hunting orcs but if he allowed him to leave he wouldn't return for several months at least and the healer knew that his son would need some time to get to know this elleth and perhaps calm down a little. Elrond knew that his son actually hated Thranduil and for good reasons, many of Elladan's friends had been captured by the silvan elves of Mirkwood and the reports of both beatings, sexual assault and torture were long and grim reading. Elrond feared that Elladan would vent his anger on this elleth, treat her in a cruel way even. He just hoped that he would be positively surprised and that Elladan would prove himself to be better than that. Elrond hadn't raised his sons to become the type of ellyn who would abuse a female, even if she in their eyes were one of their enemies. He had thought of choosing Elrohir, he was a much more gentle natured ellon and very patient, he would always try to see a situation from more than just one side and he had an open mind and a very unselfish heart but Elrond had very early on realized that Elrohir never would marry an elleth. All his lovers had been male and so Elladan was the only choice left. Elrond had put on some rather nice looking robes and he had made sure that everybody was to treat the young elleth with respect and gentleness. He had a suspicion as to what type of personality she had. His informants had told him that she was being treated as though she was worthless even by her own father and the healer hoped that Imladris would offer her a new start and perhaps a much better life. One of Elrond's guards came riding down the main road, he stopped his horse after having crossed the bridge and dismounted. " The group is here in twenty minutes." Elrond gestured towards the servants. "Go get Elladan and my counsellor and the others I have asked to come greet her. Is it a large group?" The rider shook his head, he looked shocked. " No, it is her, a servant, two pack horses and there were four warriors escorting her. They left as soon as we met them, couldn't get away fast enough or so it seemed." Elrond felt that he got tense, just a servant?! Morgoth's breath, and only two pack horses? The king had sent his own daughter off as a pauper, how could anyone do that to their own flesh and blood? The small courtyard was filling up with elves, some because they had to be there but others because they wanted to see this sindarin bride. Elrond had no idea of what to expect, he had heard naught of how the elleth looked and he feared that she would be like her father. Elladan would most certainly start off on the wrong foot if that was the case. His son arrived and he looked like a thundercloud, eyes blazing and teeth clenched so hard his jaw was trembling. He was very handsome and had taken great care with his appearance but everybody could see that he was angry and not at all happy. Elrohir had arrived too, he stood in the background and looked at his brother with both pity and an expression of worry. He shared his father's worries. The riders came into view, the guards in front and two females behind them. They both rode rather plain looking palfreys and wore clothes that were dirty and even torn. They looked tired and when they got closer Elrond felt that his heart dropped in his chest. One of the riders was an adeneth, obviously the elleth's personal servant and she was well above her youth to say the least, she looked gentle and kind and Elrond sensed that this human sincerely cared about the elleth. He looked at the elleth and sighed, at least she didn't look like her father. Elladan was staring, his eyes rather cold and hard but there was something akin to shock to be seen in his gaze. The riders stopped their steeds and the two females remained on their horses and Elrond saw that the elleth kept her eyes fixed on the palfrey's neck, she was pale and he saw her hands shiver. Elrond put on his most gentle smile and went over to his future daughter in law, she was frighteningly thin and her auburn hair had no shine to it. The eyes were jade green and very large and they were filled with fear, her lower lip trembled and she appeared to the close to