Wax on. wax off…. Elrond was sitting comfortably in his best chair, leaning backwards and trying to relax. The past four days had been a nightmare. Not only did he have to play host to a delegation of dwarves but because of a trick of destiny the king of Mirkwood was also visiting Imladris and he had to try to keep those two groups apart. It was like playing a game of chess against someone who was both blind and stupid. The dwarves were there to negotiate a trading deal Imladris couldn't afford to lose and the group consisted of twenty dwarves who all were experts in their fields. Normally Elrond would be delighted to learn more about this people and their culture but with the very khazad-o-phobic Thranduil present he felt like a ping pong ball, going in all directions at once trying to avoid any unpleasant incidents. His servants were of course trying to do their best and he did appreciate their efforts, they were working constantly and the kitchen workers were up to their elbows in work the entire day. Thranduil and his entourage wanted good wine, good food and luxury and the dwarves wanted the same, just not the exactly the same dishes. Elrond sighed, he had a headache and his feet were aching, cursed be his mortal blood, he did feel that now, when he had used all of his energy over several days. If Thranduil did meet the dwarves Elrond feared a diplomatic incident of grand proportions so he tried to keep everybody on a tight schedule so that wouldn't happen. He was almost close to dozing off when there was a knock on the door and he sighed, rolled his eyes and sat up, tried to look as immaculate as ever. The door opened and one of the dwarves entered, Elrond remembered that this particular fellow was a master at shaping wrought iron and that he had created some very impressive work. He just didn't remember the dwarf's name. The dwarf bowed politely and Elrond did notice that the short hairy creature was blushing ever so slightly and he was fidgeting with his sleeve. " Is there anything I can do for you my good dwarrow?" Elrond kept his voice calm and respectful and the dwarf smiled, but his eyes were flickering and the blushing got deeper. "Ah, you are a healer right?" Elrond got interested, he knew so little about the diseases the children of Mahal could get and he wanted to learn more. "Yes, I am a healer, I am sorry, I don't remember your name?" The dwarf made a grimace. "It is Khuldur, son of Khuldar, I wonder…" Elrond cocked his head. "Yes? " Khuldur seemed to gather his courage. "I wonder if you can help me with a wee problem of mine" Elrond smiled. "I will at least try, what is bothering you?" Khuldur took a deep breath. "It is me hair you see, I keep getting these bald patches and by Mahal's beard, they are such a nuisance" Elrond frowned, bald patches? Now that could be a problem indeed, dwarves took great pride in their hair and Khuldur had a very elaborate hairdo and an even more so beard, with braids and gems and all sorts of ornaments attached to it. " Do tell me more" Khuldur swallowed. "Swear you won't tell anyone? I have managed to cover them up until now ya see, but they keep getting larger" He leaned forth and lifted his impressive beard and lo and behold, right in the middle of his chin was a spot with no hair at all. Elrond got intrigued. "Is this something new? Or has it lasted for a while?" Khuldur swallowed again and his face looked as if he was in agony. "It is new, it started two weeks ago. Me dad had the same problem ya see, and he had this ointment he used and it worked like magic, but I don't have that ointment and I am no healer, I do not know how to mix that stuff" Elrond was very curious. "Do you have the recipe for that ointment?" Khuldur nodded "I sure do, dad thought it was a hereditary condition ya see, his dad too had gotten such spots every now and then" The dwarf pulled an old piece of vellum from a pocket and Elrond took it with great care and reverence, it had to be old as the hills. Fortunately he did read dwarf runes, even the ancient type and it was indeed a recipe, for an ointment. He read through the ingredients and the method swiftly, it did seem legit and he was astonished to find that the dwarves had such knowledge of medicine. Khuldur shrugged. "The ointment or rather the recipe for it came into my granddads hands from a travelling merchant, coming from the east" Elrond smiled. "Yes, I can see that, many of these herbs are not indigenous for this region, but worry not, I do have everything needed, and I can make the ointment today if you like?" Khuldur smiled widely, all his teeth were showing. " Oh Mahal's boots, that would be wonderful, I am so afraid they will find out, ya see, I am trying to woo this lovely dam, and she will most certainly reject me if she finds out about this malady" Elrond was a bit charmed by the dwarf, and he did feel sympathy for the poor fellow too. He bowed slightly. "I will go to the infirmary and make the ointment right away, do come back to my office at sunset, I think I will have it ready by then." Khuldur nodded and grasped Elrond's hand, shook it vigorously. " Thank you my lord, thank you so much. " The dwarf looked a lot happier when he left the room and Elrond stared at the vellum and started to look forward to making this medicine. He did have all the herbs and other stuff mentioned but he had never mixed them before, it would be fun watching the results. He hurried to the infirmary and started working, the ingredients did stink, and they did cause a horrible smoke when heated but after a few hours he had a box full of ointment ready. It did smell good and it appeared to be a very good salve which would dissolve into the skin very easily. Khuldur did return as promised and got the box and he was so grateful he almost cried. Elrond made him promise that he would return and tell of his progress and the healer did copy the recipe for later, in case it could become useful. Over the next few days Khuldur did apply the ointment three times a day and lo and behold, new hair started to cover the bald patches and the dwarf was beside himself with relief. It worked, his beard and hair was saved. Then one evening he was taking a stroll by the river and he admired the lovely cast iron gates which lead into the area where they kept their horses. There was a well there and Khuldur felt thirsty so he went over to it to get some water. The bucket was heavy and he had to pull the rope really hard to get it up and as he leaned forth the box fell out of his pocket and into the well. Khuldur almost swore, it was lost now for sure for the well was very deep and there was no point in trying to get it out of there. Besides, there wasn't that much ointment left, and his hair was almost grown back into its former splendour. He shouldn't really care that much, the box was nice so he was sorry it was gone but so what, easy come easy go right? He sauntered off and forgot about the whole thing, his lady was awaiting him and he was constantly trying to come up with some nice ballad he could use to woo her. The bald patches were gone so why worry? Elrond was grateful that the dwarves did end their visit after yet another week, the deal was set and everything was in order. He would have loved to get to know them better but he had to take care of his other guests too. Thranduil was a very demanding fellow and the musicians were constantly visiting the healer, complaining about sore fingers, aching ears and so on. Having to perform every night wasn't something they were used to. Elrond was worried that this would wear everybody out before the king decided to return to his own realm and he was looking forward to the day when things returned to normal. Then one morning the elves working in the stables entered for the morning rounds and found that all the horses had grown some pretty impressive manes and tails just over night, on most it reached the ground and Glorfindel's famous stallion Asfaloth looked like an overgrown poodle with hair everywhere. The balrog slayer was in shock and had to spend an entire day trying to get his steed back to his normal gorgeous self. Nobody had any idea of what the cause was, some believed that it could be some runaway magic, Radagast had visited them the year before and he had put some spells upon a few of the stable tools, just to make the work easier. The tools were promptly discarded off, and things went back to normal, for a couple of days. Elrond loved to sleep in, he wasn't very fond of having to get up really early in the morning and he preferred to lay in bed and doze for a while before getting up. Thranduil had told them that he would return to Mirkwood in four days and Elrond was so relieved, he had wondered if the sinda had planned on staying for the winter. This morning Elrond woke up feeling well rested and comfortable, but he had an odd tingling sensation everywhere and he blinked and sat up in bed. "Ow!" He had pulled on his own hair and frowned, what? He didn't have hair that long? He looked down, then he let out a very improper curse and sprang out of the bed. His hair had grown so long it reached his calves but that wasn't all. During the night he had grown a beard too, a rather long one, and he had also gotten some pretty impressive hair growth also in other places. Being a peredhel he did have more body hair than a full blooded elf and Celebrian had found his chest hairs, although they were few, rather revolting so he had shaved them off. Now he had thick fur covering his chest, his arms and his legs. What in Eru's name was happening?! He did look like a freaking yeti! He rushed to the bathroom and opened the cabinet with the mirror in it, stared at his own reflection. Eru's mercy, he had seen hairy humans but never anyone with this much hair, his back was just as bad as his chest and further down was also transformed to something akin to a stack of hay. What was he to do? Then he heard the sound of screams and his heart almost stopped, oh no, oh crap! He grasped a bath robe and some towels and wrapped himself up like a present, ran to the door only to be met by his assistant who was bawling like a kid. Elrond had to blink, Lindir was usually the very image of a pristine and well dressed elf but now he stood there looking like an overgrown dwarf, with his hair reaching his rump and a long and silky full beard. He saw Elrond and his eyes went wide, then he let out a wail and collapsed onto the floor, writhing with a combination of mirth and shock. The