Chapter one: A most devious p lan « It is of the uttermost importance that he knows nothing of this little…arrangement!" Thranduil's voice was calm but there was a small hint of mirth within it, he put down his goblet and smiled towards Elrond who stood at the window, watching the gardens. Elrond had a strange expression on his face, he looked as if he really didn't know whether he should laugh or scowl. " I understand that Thranduil, I know your son pretty well. But are you absolutely sure that none of the ellith back in Mirkwood have caught his attention?" Thranduil sighed. " Yes, the problem is that he knows all of them, he's grown up with them and I guess that they are too familiar in a way. There is nothing exciting about them. A stranger on the other hand, someone who isn't even supposed to interact with him in any way? That could be just what's needed. The Valar knows it's about time he does find the right little elleth and settles down." Elrond saw the wisdom in Thranduil's words, forbidden fruit is always more tempting than the one dangling right in front of you and Thranduil's attempt at using reversed psychology could in fact be a success, or maybe an utter disaster. Thranduil grinned, he looked a bit mischievous there and then. " The elleth for my son must be rather special, she has to catch more than his eye. Good looks can be deceitful, and over time it becomes boring without a matching personality. " Elrond poured some more wine into Thranduil's goblet, the king was there on official business but he had found the time to discuss this delicate matter nonetheless. And of course it all had to be kept as a strictly guarded secret, Legolas should never learn of this attempt at playing matchmakers. Elrond made a grimace. " You are asking for much Thranduil, an elleth suitable for a prince, suitable to one day maybe become queen. " The tall silvery blond elf turned around, he shrugged. " I know, and I will not feel too disappointed if there is nobody who fits the demands, I care deeply for him Elrond, he is my only child and I want him to be happy. Oh there are plenty of ellith swarming around him but they are after his title damn it, not one of them sees him as the lovely person that he is, all they see is a prince and a crown and a chance to increase their social status. I am rather sick of it!" Elrond could understand Thranduil, cold and intimidating as he usually appeared he was nothing like that on the inside. He loved his son dearly and would do anything to avoid seeing him heartbroken. To find a suitable wife for his son had to be a task he had to handle with the outmost caution, things could go terribly wrong. Elrond sighed and stared out at the lovely garden and the waterfalls of Imladris, he nodded slowly. " Well, I remember my youth and I do clearly remember that the one elleth all the young ellyn were after was the one who just didn't want any of them." Thranduil tilted his head, there was a short glimpse of something almost a bit wicked in his eyes, he had gotten an idea, that was rather obvious. " So, the one elleth I should choose should be one who is uninterested? That may actually work!" He turned toward the dark haired Peredhel and grinned. " I assume that there is no such person here? I am asking for a lot, and I know it. But I would feel overjoyed if he finally finds love and peace. " Elrond nodded. " That is what every parent wants for their child. Well, actually…" Thranduil raised a perfect eyebrow in an expectant way. " Yes?" Elrond had a strange expression on his face. " There is one elleth here in Imladris who may suit your plans and criteria. But I am warning you, she is out of the ordinary in almost any way imaginable" Thranduil looked very eager. " Really? Tell me more please, who is she?" Elrond grinned and mimicked for the king to follow him. They walked along a corridor and out into the gardens, then they followed a narrow path and stopped on top of a waterfall. Underneath it was a small glade with some trees and a pavilion. Some ellith were gathered there and they were singing and chatting merrily while they sewed on what had to be a tablecloth of some kind. Elrond nodded and pointed his finger. " There, by that statue, that is her. Her name is Mariliel and she is sort of my protégé. Her parents died when she was a mere child and she has been raised here, she is a very distant relative by the way. " Thranduil stared and he looked a bit silly, he was really staring hard at this elleth because he had never in his long life seen anyone like her. Out of the ordinary? That was no exaggeration to say the least. First of all she was a redhead but not like any other red haired elves he had met, no, her hair was a color of deep dark red like fine burgundy wine and some locks were of a lighter color which almost resembled blood on color. Her skin appeared to be milky white as it often is on red haired women and she was tall and extremely elegant. He saw that she got on her feet, her hair reached the back of her calves and she was wearing a gown in rather dark colors, green and copper and it made her hair and skin even more striking. Elrond grinned. " Now, watch!" Thranduil stared in fascination as the elleth picked up a flute and tried to play something, she obviously was unsuccessful because he could see that she lifted her leg, broke the flute over it with a shriek and then threw the flute on the ground and trampled on it before she turned around with her chin held high and an almost regal expression. He could see that she was a very curvy one, a lot more than most ellith and she appeared to be fit too. Elrond chuckled. " Mariliel is one of a kind I tell you, she is extremely smart and intelligent, has a heart huge as a hobbits appetite and she can be trusted like few others. But, and that is the small problem my friend. She does also have the temper of a dragon with a toothache, she is impulsive, reckless, has a foul mouth at times, starts fights just to see if she can win and she has a way with horses like none other I have seen. " Thranduil just stared at Elrond in disbelief. " On the other hand, she is very protective of those she loves, an excellent archer and even better at swordplay. She is brutally honest and never shies away from anything, perhaps a bit too bold is how you can best describe her." The elven king was a bit shocked by what Elrond told him, this had to be one exceptional elleth indeed. Elrond continued. " And she is also very modest, her moral is impeccable and she knows all there is to know of etiquette. She has never had any scandals tied to her name or even been caught alone with an ellon. She appears to be almost afraid of males, why I don't know." Thranduil was staring at her again, she was beautiful and mysterious and he knew that those two traits combined would catch his son's attention for sure. Heck, he knew that she would have had a possible suitor in himself had he been a young and single ellon. He felt almost jealous of his son, she was truly unique and her strange quirks were just fascinating. " I have found the right one, I am sure. He will be smitten by her, as sure as daylight follows the night." Elrond smiled but the smile was somewhat sad. " Yes, but be warned, many have tried to find a way into her heart and none has succeeded. She is stubborn, headstrong and sure of what she wants. But she is also soft and caring and she can be very compassionate. It is just that her mood seems to swing in every thinkable direction and for no apparent reason. She is as happy as a horse in a green meadow one moment and the next she's weeping because she saw a dead bird in the woods. She is not very mature I fear." Thranduil frowned. " How old is she? " Elrond looked at the peaceful scene. " Seven hundred and fifty two so she is a mature elleth, she has spent almost all of her years here, and she is very well educated. She loves reading and she adores books so I think I know how we may accomplish this little plot of yours without any of them knowing the truth behind it" Thranduil grinned. " I am listening!" Elrond turned and started walking back to his study. " I am aware of the huge amount of ancient books and scrolls which were gathered by your father, there could be much valuable information within them, information we need. If I send her on a mission to explore your fathers library and make an inventory of everything within it she will be occupied for at least half a year if not even more, and there will be plenty of opportunities for the two of them to bump into each other by chance. " Thranduil nodded slowly. " A good plan, I will make sure that no others disturb her, we wouldn't want any rivals to her attention now do we? And I will tell my son to stay away from the scholar from Imladris, that should tick him off I think. He loves to disobey me whenever he can!" Elrond laughed. " Now, I think we do have a plan. I will talk to her and see if I can convince her to handle the task of going through the library. I do know her well, she will be thrilled and proud and eager to start and she will never be able to see that she's a part of our little plan." Thranduil almost rubbed his hands together in anticipation. " Good, I pray the Valar that we may succeed. I know that there is a chance that the two of them will end up hating each other or just feeling nothing at all but there is a chance is there not? If I just present him with a young elleth and demand that he gets married he will buck and rear and fight me in any way that he can." Elrond cocked his head and opened the door to his study. " I am sure he will yes. I will try to send her too Mirkwood before autumn, if she has to spend winter there the chances of our little plan ending with success are good. " Thranduil bowed his head slightly. " I am most grateful my friend, if I can make my son happy and whole it doesn't matter that we play a little dirty does it?" Elrond shook his head. " No it doesn't, in love and war everything goes!" The next day the king of Mirkwood and his entourage left Imladris and Elrond prepared the final stages of their plan. He waited for a few more days until everything went back to normal and then he sent for Mariliel. She arrived at his study just as he had asked her to do, she appeared to be a little confused and Elrond put on a very friendly but still serious facial expression. He smiled