Chapter one: Nuns, guns and goths. Wham! The alarmclock on the nightstand beside the bed fell to the floor and if it hadn't hit a pillow it would have disintegrated into its separate components. What the fuck, had she forgotten to turn it off? It was her day off damn it. Then it dawned upon her sleep muddled brain that it wasn't the alarmclock that made that infernal hellish sound, it was her cell phone. Uh-oh, what now? She spun around and got wrapped up in her sheets, fought her way free, grasped the phone and saw the number on the display, crap no, it was her boss. She almost fell out of the bed trying to get into a sitting position while answering the call. " Hello?" Her voice was akin to that of a bear just coming out of hibernation, and she felt like one too. There had been too many beers last night, and a lot of fooling around but it had been fun. She could barely remember the last time she had been out with her friends and she had looked forward to a long lazy morning in bed. No such luck apparently. " Hi, it's me, Sandra, did I wake you up?" A quick glance at the clock, four thirty in the morning, she had slept for…three hours. Great! "Of course you woke me up, what do you think I was doing at this time of the day?" Sandra cringed, she could almost hear it. " Listen, I am sorry alright? It's just that I haven't got anyone else I can call. Both Phillip and Bill are on vacation and we are low on staff and now Sally, Benjamin and also Felipe called in sick, it's that darn stomach flu virus that's been going around lately." She groaned, her head felt like a ton of bricks and her tongue kept getting stuck to the roof of her mouth. Seriously, she didn't feel like going to work at all " And you have to call me? It's my first day off for more than a month damn it, and I went out with the girls last night, I think I am still drunk!" Sandra sighed. " I know, I know, just…please help me out this one time? I swear it to you, I will make it up to you. Next year I promise you will be allowed to choose whenever you want your vacation weeks, deal?" She moaned and let her fingers run through her hair, it stuck to them, was that beer? " Fine, fine, I am coming inn, I just need a quick shower, and some coffee, black coffee, a gallon of it." Sandra sounded relieved. " Great Amy, I will have a jug ready here at the office too, just in case. There is hopefully only one group to guide today." She got out of the bed, feeling slightly dizzy. " Alright, but just one, so help me God. If you somehow think I am capable of guiding more than five people you are so wrong" Sandra sniggered. " Don't worry, it will be alright Amy, thank you so much." She hung up and Amy stared at the phone, somewhat angry at herself. Vacation? Damn it, she could have asked for a raise, Sandra had sounded desperate enough to say yes to anything as long as she got the help she needed. So three other rangers were out sick? There had been a rather terrible problem with that flu virus lately, they even had to close some schools but she hadn't gotten it, as of yet that was. The shower sort of woke her up and she got into her uniform and downed a cup of coffee while braiding her hair and fixing her face. She looked like an extra from the walking dead, pale, grey and with bloodshot eyes. If the group she was to guide was school children they would probably think she was an addict of some sort, or worse. She almost ran down to the truck and the old pickup started, it was at least trustworthy and she could rely on it. It had plenty of horsepower and looked so worn and old nobody in their right mind would bother stealing it. She left the driveway and turned onto the road leading to the main entrance. The national park was huge and there were always people present there, after all, it was a popular tourist destination and sometimes tourists needed protection, mostly from themselves. She couldn't count all the ridiculous and sometimes tragic cases where people or animals got into trouble due to sheer stupidity and although she loved the job and the contact with nature she could sometimes feel a bit saddened by the lack of knowledge some people showed. Last week a guy in an SUV had tried to feed a bear a snickers bar and he hadn't even understood that it was dangerous, he thought the bear was tame! Amy and Felipe had to drag the guy away from the sow and he had tried to report them to the manager for ruining his vacation. Like feeding bears was some sort of human right. She drove fast, the sun hadn't even thought about getting up yet and the truck had powerful headlights, it was needed for there was plenty of wildlife in the area, also around the park. There were some rather interesting geological formations in the park, some extremely beautiful scenery and also several lodges and a small amusement park which had specialized in showing people the history of the valley and its past. It included a water slide in which you rode a hollow log down an artificial river and the first time Amy tried it she had puked her guts out. The guys in the control room had pulled a prank on her and turned the power up so the log had gotten a terrible speed. It had been the last time she tried that ride. The road was narrow and long and she kept sipping coffee to stay awake, holy cow, she was probably above the legal limit still, she just hoped that there weren't any cops lurking by the road, she didn't want a DUI now. She kept her eyes on the road and knew that this was the most dangerous time of the day, the sun would soon rise and the animals were on the move. She saw moose or elk almost every day when she drove to work and this morning was no exception. She had to slow down to let two moose cows cross the road in their own tempo and then she also spotted a fox and a rather fat badger which appeared to care more about the worms and slugs laying around on the wet asphalt than the cars. The she suddenly had to hit the break, hard. Something huge had crossed the road, barely within the reach of her headlights. What in heaven's name? An elk? But so large? And the antlers were all wrong? No, she was still drunk, her brains fried from too much booze and too much fun. It had been a normal Wapiti for sure, just a very huge buck or something. She breathed a sigh of relief when the front gate appeared in front of her and she drove to the parking lot reserved for the employees. Sandra was sitting behind her desk and she was sweating, her eyes a bit wide and there was something akin to real worry to be seen in her usually so calm face. " Ah Amy, there you are. I am telling you, this is gonna be one hell of a day. You will not believe the shit that just hit the fan" Amy glared at her boss. " Oh? What sort of shit? Don't tell me even more people have called in sick?!" Sandra groaned, she was a woman in her late thirties but she looked a lot older this morning, she was a bit overweight and preferred to stay behind her desk, she didn't have the stamina nor the legs to venture out into the park anymore. Amy knew she had worked for the park service for almost fifteen years and she knew everybody like they were her own kids. Sandra was alright enough, but a bit strict at times. She didn't tolerate any sort of delays or trouble and god help the park ranger that showed up too late for work or treated the guests with anything but the outmost respect no matter how unpleasant they were. " Oh, that is the least of our trouble, I swear to you, sometimes I bet the one up there is out to get me" She pulled a map out from underneath the papers covering the desk. " There was a minor earthquake this night, at two fifteen. And lo and behold, it made that unstable part of White cliff canyon collapse. Rather large slide too, and two paths are destroyed so we have to reroute the tours for a week at least. The bridge was smashed to smithereens." Amy rolled her eyes, earthquakes were common, they had at least two small ones each week but she hadn't felt anything last night? Oh well, she wouldn't have felt it if the darn volcano decided to blow it's top, she had been too drunk to notice. " Then we'll have to use the high paths, lovely. I hope we'll get a lot of women in high heels, they'll love it." Sandra just smiled, she was used to Amy's sarcasm, When she didn't feel well it turned rather nasty. " That isn't all Amy, something has killed three deer and a moose and Will found a mauled bear. We have no idea of what caused it so everybody is to be packing just in case" Amy frowned. " A gun? I have to carry a freaking gun?! You know I hate those things" Sandra nodded, her eyes a bit blurred. She had to have stayed there for the entire night. " I know Amy, I am sorry, but it's the rules. And the generator is acting up once more, we have lost power and regained it seven times just within the last hour. " Amy was about to answer when the lights flickered and went off and then there was a cracking sound and they returned. Sandra sighed and raised her hands. " See? The computers are down, each and every one and I haven't been able to reach Dave or Jen, they are out at the lake. " Amy felt a strange chill run down her spine, it couldn't be the volcano? Was this it? She swallowed. " Magnetic interference?" Sandra shrugged. " Heaven knows, the phones doesn't work, the walkie-talkies gives just statics and I tried the TV but it too shows just a snowstorm." Amy bit her lower lip. " Have you sent someone to the lake area?" Sandra nodded. " Of course I have, that geologist guy volunteered so he and Janet went an hour ago." Amy flinched when the lights flickered again. " I thought the generator was repaired just two weeks ago?" Sandra nodded and leaned her chin onto her hands. " It was, it ought to be working perfectly but no, it is starting and stopping and starting and stopping and I have already had guest complaining about cold water, a lack of decent hot food in the restaurant and one even claimed that her dog was afraid of the dark. This is driving me mad, I swear to you, my hair will have turned grey before the end of this day" Amy just cocked her head. " So, can't we cancel the groups today?" Sandra shook her head. " Nope, we'll have to refund everybody then and you know how the economy of the park is these days? We'll have to give them the full tour, even in