Voyeour…. The first time it happened it had been an accident. He had returned to his chambers for the night and was ready to go to bed when he realized that he had forgotten to put his precious flutes back into the neat little box he usually kept them in. He sighed and started putting them into place and then he realized that one was missing. He blinked, it was a small flute, and it was among his favourites. Where could it be? Then it dawned upon him, he had been entertaining some guests of his lord that evening, down by the river and he had probably forgotten the thing there. It had been an unplanned little performance and he had placed his equipment and instruments on some rocks. The flute had probably fallen down between two rocks or something like that. He just hoped it wasn't damaged, the instrument was made from wood and the air down there was always damp. He threw on a robe and ran out, it was getting dark and he wanted to find it and get to bed. He was tired after a long day and his bed was warm and comfortable and oh how he longed for a good night's sleep. He ran down to the river, the valley was quiet now this late and the scent of the warm summer air was like a perfume. He was humming as he found his way down the paths to the spot by the river where he had played earlier that day and he found the open little plain easily. He went over to where he had been seated and yes, the flute had simply rolled off a rock and lay behind it, hidden from sight. He let out a sigh of relief and grinned, it was unharmed and he put it into his robes and started to walk back. He hadn't come far before he heard something odd, a sort of moaning? Was someone hurt? He hesitated, then he slowly went onto the path leading towards the sound. It was a narrow one, rarely used and it was leading to a patch of trees growing by the river, it was a dense groove and the sound could be heard again. He bit his lower lip, uncertain of what to do. Then he moved forth, it was very dark down there and he lost the path, he just moved forth between the trees and saw something up ahead. Light? He was curious, what were anybody doing down there now? Fishing perhaps? A lamp was placed on the ground by a huge old oak and Lindir rounded a tree and then he saw. He just stood there, almost behind the tree, eyes wide open and his mouth agape too. Nobody were fishing, in fact he was staring at two elves fucking. At first he didn't even realize what he was seeing for he was not prepared for anything like that and his mind sort of went blank. Lindir was a very innocent ellon,, he had never even kissed anyone and since he had been painfully shy his entire life his music was his only passion, besides serving his lord of course. He had never seen anything like this before, he hadn't even seen any of the illustrated books in the library which explained the mysteries of these activities, he simply hadn't been thinking about sex before. It was only because he wasn't stupid he realized what they were doing, after all he was an adult and he had heard others talk about these kinds of pleasures. It was an ellon and an elleth and she was being lifted up against the oak and her legs were wrapped around the ellon's waist. He was eagerly thrusting into her and they both were moaning and gasping. Lindir felt his cheeks turn bright red, in fact his ears too were turning red and he held a hand in front of his mouth, just out of sheer shock, He wanted to turn around and flee but he couldn't, he was simply frozen to the spot due to sheer shock. The elleth was tossing her head back, almost yelling and he could see her breasts bounce and she was clawing at her lover's shoulders. The way she shuddered indicated that she was climaxing and the ellon followed suit with a deep groan. Lindir just stood there, so embarrassed he wanted to die, oh how he wished the ground could open up and swallow him. He whimpered and then he managed to break out of the paralysis. He turned around and almost ran back to the main path, trying desperately not to make any noise and he ran like he was being chased by orcs until he reached his chambers and rushed in like his clothes were on fire. He slammed the door shut and leaned against it for a while, eyes closed and heaving for air. Oh Eru, it had been horrible, he felt his skin still burning with shame and he was trembling. What if they had noticed him, by every one of the valar and the maiar, he would have faded from the sheer embarrassment. He groaned and put the flute back into the box, well, he hadn't been seen and nobody were ever to know, it had been an accident. He would have some problems if he was to meet that couple again over the next few days but other than that, no harm was done. He was after all a mature ellon, not a child. He went to bed after having brewed himself a huge calming cup of tea and he told himself that he would have forgotten all about the thing he had seen come the morrow just before he drifted off into reverie. Unfortunately he was wrong, dead wrong. He woke up with a start, feeling very odd. He had never experienced this particular emotion before and blinked in absolute confusion, he felt warm and his heart was hammering and there was a sort of aching feeling he hadn't felt before. He looked down and yelped, lifted his blanket and stared at himself. He was hard, and that to a degree where it actually hurt. He did of course get erections every now and then but he knew they were just the body's way of ensuring the health of that particular body part and he had never felt any sort of need to do anything about it. It just went away by itself after a while. But this, oh Eru, what was happening to him? He gasped and felt sweat pouring off of him, he had been dreaming something, what? Then he remembered, he had been in the woods by the river again, watching that couple and the mere thought made his cock throb and twitch and he felt some sort of sticky liquid welling up and forming beads which ran slowly down the shaft. He whimpered, what was he to do? It almost hurt, damnation, he should never have followed those sounds. He had heard some Ellyn talking about touching oneself, to create pleasure. Maybe? He took a deep breath and let his hand slide downwards, almost nervously. He had never done this before, had never felt the urge to touch himself in such a manner and he yelped when his hand touched the aching length. It felt like an electric shock, his legs trembled and he let out a loud squeak. Valar, it felt…he couldn't even describe it. He gasped for air as he started to stroke himself, sheer instinct guiding his moves. He was writhing against the sheets, eyes closed and face contorted by the intense sensations he suddenly was creating for himself. Before long he was desperately thrusting into his own grip, the amount of pre cum enough to make the grip slick and it felt so good he could have died. He let his other hand roam all over his skin, suddenly his nipples felt so sensitive and he let out a yelp as he let a finger slide over one, it sent an intense wave straight to his groin and he was almost sobbing by now. He had no way of controlling this, he was in for the ride and as his free hand slid down and cupped his balls everything went blank. His entire body tensed up, every muscle and cell trembling as the tension reached its absolute maximum and he feared for a moment that his heart was about to stop. Then it all exploded and he keened as his muscles were grasped by spasms and the most intense pleasure he had ever felt shot through his entire body. Hot liquid spurted out of him and painted his belly and chest with white streaks and he kept keening until it slowly let go of him and he was limp and boneless and heavy like a boulder. He couldn't move, he was bloody sure, he was more relaxed than ever before in his life and he just laid there with a silly grin all over his face. Oh Eru, how could anything really feel that wonderful? It had been mindblowing, so good there wasn't even words to describe the feeling. He of course knew it had been an orgasm, but he had been sure others exaggerated when they told how good it felt. Now he knew that they had told the truth and he just laid there in absolute bliss for a while before the seed on his skin started to crust and feel cold and he got up very reluctantly and washed off. The smell made him wrinkle his nose and he was slightly disgusted but oh valar, it had been awesome. He laid back and closed his eyes again, still feeling oddly giddy. Now he knew what it was that the others talked about, he wasn't ignorant anymore. He fell asleep and did sleep the rest of the night, without even dreaming. The next day he was in a very good mood and he kept whistling as he performed his duties. As the lords own personal assistant he had quite a lot to do and Elrond did notice his bright smile this morning and his merry whistling. He was glad his assistant obviously were in a good mood, Lindir was such a sweet ellon, so dedicated to his duty and he ignored himself most of the time. He deserved some happiness, it was too bad he never sought the company of others. Elrond had tried to introduce him to other young elves but Lindir would always retreat politely to return to his music and he had no close friends. It was sad but Elrond couldn't do much about that, Lindir was no elfling and he ought to be allowed to rule his own life. For the rest of that day Lindir was smiling and being unusually jolly and the day after he was more or less back to normal. Doing his work as usual, being polite and quiet and just there. He had chosen to forget about the incident by the river and he did too, for a while. Then he started waking up at night again, with an odd sensation of just need, he couldn't describe it otherwise. Now he knew how to please himself and he did that, but somehow it wasn't enough after the first couple of weeks. He somehow needed more, something different. Thinking about the couple he had seen just didn't do it anymore, the memory sort of worn out. He didn't dare to go to the library, the books with erotic illustrations were placed on shelves where everybody could see whoever took them down off the shelf and he would rather die than risk that anybody caught him reading such literature. And so he fought his own thoughts and newly awakened desire for some weeks until he couldn't fight the temptation any longer. He went to the river again, it