This tale is a bit dark and disturbing, comes With a tissue alert and slash alert. There is some descriptions of physical damage that can be unpleasant and also descriptions of violence and rape. Be warned. In this story "-" is Speech, (-) is Speech from mind to mind. The Choice The hall was teeming with life and laughter, it was indeed a grand celebration and the whole population had gathered there. Elves were scurrying around, some danced while others gathered in small groups, chatting or flirting and the general mood was one of great joy. Glorfindel sat by the hearth with a huge glass of wine, he felt relaxed and at ease and he was of course very happy too but he couldn't deny it, there was a sort of feeling inside of him that wasn't all that pleasant. He felt…sad, no, jealous? Hurt perhaps? He threw a glance up at the table where Elrond sat with his two sons, one on each side of him, he looked very proud and he had every right to be so. The two young peredhil had become fine warriors and everybody loved and respected them. Glorfindel couldn't count the number of times they had turned the entire community upside down with their insane pranks and ideas and he smiled fondly at the memories. They had such light, such a youthful energy and optimism and Glorfindel was so very proud to have been their mentor and friend. It felt as though it was yesterday he had first seen them and now, now they were ready to enter their adulthood. He swallowed, both the twins did look stunning this day, they wore identical clothes of a dark blue color and nobody there was blind to their beauty. Glorfindel swallowed, he stared at the glass of wine in his hand and tried to forget the sensation churning in his chest. He had no idea of when that feeling had appeared, he only knew when it became apparent to him what it was that he felt. Before he had believed it to be pride, to be an almost fatherly affection towards his best pupil ever, then one day after they had been sparring he had stared at the young peredhel and he realized that he wanted to hold the strong young body close, that he wanted to touch that smooth skin, those taut toned muscles and hear his pupil moan his name. He had been able to hide his first shocked reaction to the truth, that he was attracted to Elladan and that he wanted him. He had always favored males but he had never in his life imagined that he would feel thus towards one of those that he had sworn to protect. It had caused a lot of emotional turmoil within him, after all, Elladan wasn't even an adult yet and even though he suspected that the young ellon would have been willing laying with him would be a crime until he had reached his maturity. So Glorfindel hid his affection and his desire and also the love he knew was growing inside of his heart. He did love Elladan, it was insane but true, he had to be honest about what he felt, at least to himself and nobody, not even Elrond who usually could peer into the very soul of someone had the slightest suspicion about this. Glorfindel was very good at hiding his feelings, it was something he had learned while maneuvering the difficult political waters of Gondolin, everything you said or did could and would be used against you, simple as that. He had early come to the conclusion that Elladan too would come to prefer males, he showed little interest in the females surrounding him like bees around a flower but he often could be seen staring at some handsome warrior and it wasn't just in admiration. Glorfindel recognized that lust very well and he ached to tell Elladan the truth, that he desired to be more than just a mentor and a friend, that he yearned to become the young peredhel's lover. But he never had, he had never given the young warrior any indications of how he felt and now he felt miserable. As the customs dictated the young elves would choose a partner to teach them the basics of carnal pleasure on this night that marked their transition from youths to mature adults and Glorfindel had secretly hoped that maybe…perhaps… Elrohir had already made his choice, days ago. He was flirting rather shamelessly with an elleth Glorfindel knew he had had a soft spot for, it had been no secret that he would chose her and she was a good choice too, experienced and gentle and very beautiful. Elrohir would probably have a night well worth remembering. Glorfindel could almost smell the sexual tension in the air between them. Elladan on the other hand, it was not so certain who he would chose but Glorfindel knew, Elladan had told him. He felt proud that the young warrior trusted him and confided in him but he had almost forgotten his manners and place when Elladan said the name. He knew that warrior well, he was among the best fighters in the entire army and very handsome, Glorfindel had in fact felt a sort of attraction towards him too when he first arrived at Imladris but that attraction had waned into distrust after just a short time. Avanwar was a fierce warrior, he was renowned for his skills at killing and it was just those skills that ticked Glorfindel off. Avanwar never made clean kills, ever! It was as if he enjoyed inflicting as much agony onto his enemy as possible. Some said it only showed his hatred for those cursed beasts but Glorfindel had a sneaking suspicion of something else, something far more sinister. He had seen the shine in Avanwar's eyes when he had skewered an orc to the ground with a spear. The normal thing to do would be to grasp a sword and behead the creature and be done with it, Avanwar had twisted the spear around for a good minute while the orc lay there screeching in agony, writing in an almost obscene way. Glorfindel suspected that Avanwar found pleasure in the agony of others and he felt that he should say something. But then again, he could be wrong, he had no evidence of this and he knew that Avanwar and Elladan were good friends and very close. He had seen them laughing and drinking together, hugging, sharing small intimate conversations. No, he was wrong, surely he was wrong. Avanwar was just enjoying killing orcs, who didn't by the way? He too took great delight in ridding the world of those abominations and he knew that orcs had killed Avanwar's entire family. He was just avenging them, of course. But still it felt almost hurtful, he was sure he could have given Elladan the night of his life and he wished that he hadn't hidden his feelings this well. He ought to have given the peredhel a small hint to what it was that he felt. But now it was too late and he only hoped that he would have an opportunity later, after all, taking multiple lovers was just normal for the young before they found their one and bonded for life. The party went on around them and there was a lot of merrymaking and jokes being made, Elrohir was blushing like mad but Elladan just stood there, looking very confident and almost snug. He had always been the most calm and collected by the two, the best warrior by far. He could really become legendary if he sought that path, Glorfindel had never met anyone with such talent. He saw that Arwen was running around, dancing with some other young ellith and Celebrian was joining them, she was teaching the young females some dances from Lothlorien and Glorfindel had to smile with both melancholy and joy watching them. To Arwen he was like a favorite uncle and he felt very protective of the young one. When the time came for her to get suitors he would be ready for them, and they would have to face his wrath if they in any way got out of line. Elladan stood there with Avanwar and Glorfindel saw that the somewhat sturdy noldo had placed his hand on Elladan's right buttock in an almost possessive manner. Glorfindel couldn't watch this, he stared into the flames instead, feeling his heart hammer in his chest, as if it was surrounded by embers. Elladan had the right to choose whoever he wanted this night, nobody could question that. Glorfindel just hoped that he didn't do a bad choice, he still couldn't quite shake the feeling of danger, of something being very wrong. You are paranoid, it is just your own jealousy speaking, his inner voice was stern and he grunted and emptied his glass. Yes, he was jealous, that was the truth. He wanted to be Elladan's first lover, to show him what pleasure was all about. He bit his teeth together, sneaked out of the hall and stood by the railing outside of the building for a while. The skies were clear and the stars did shine like diamonds, he swallowed hard, that knot in his throat threatening to strangle him. He felt a burning sensation in his eyes and swore to himself. No, absolutely not. He had never given Elladan any reason to choose him, this was just silly. It was his own fault that Elladan had chosen Avanwar and not himself, he had to keep up their professional relationship no matter how much it hurt, he was Elladan's teacher and captain damn it. He could never be more than that, it wouldn't be right. He walked slowly back to his own rooms, alone and feeling desolate and lonely. There were plenty of others out there who would be more than happy to warm his bed that night but he wasn't in the mood, they could never be the one he really wanted. He downed an entire bottle of Dorwinion wine and fell onto his bed, more or less unconscious. That was far better than the alternative, longing for the impossible to happen. Elrohir woke up feeling slightly confused, he grunted and then he remembered and a wide grin spread across his handsome face. Ah, yes, Finyariel, oh by Eru what a night. He turned around, she was still asleep next to him, laying on her side and he let his eyes glide along her curves, it was like a landscape and he couldn't get enough of its exploration. He felt a wicked grin emerging and crept closer to her, starting to shower her breasts with eager attention. She gasped and then she moaned and her breath hitched. "I see you are awake?" Elrohir nodded and let go of a gloriously erect nipple. "Oh yes, awake and ready" Finyariel lifted her head, stared down his body and raised an eyebrow in a gesture of awe. "No doubt about that melethron. Is that for me?" He rolled her over with a growl and nipped her neck while getting in position. "Yes, all of it!" Finyariel gasped and then she moaned his name and followed his rhythm, Elrohir had never imagined that it could feel that good and he had learned so much that night. He had of course pleasured himself rather often after his body started to awaken but it was nothing compared with being with a partner and he was proud of the fact that he had given her pleasure in return for the immense joys she had given him. She gasped and grasped onto his buttocks, her fingernails did scratch him but the slight pain was just stimulating. "Oh yes, yes, lean a little more forward, ah, just like that" She was instructing him even now and he eagerly complied and was