Wolves and water. The moonlight was very strong this night, very bright and oddly pure. It threw a cold light over the forest and made the deep snow sparkle as if diamonds had been thrown all over it. It was beautiful, and yet the groove resounded with the sound of battle. The scene that took place beneath the canopy of snow covered branches was not one of beauty, it was one of carnage and blood had colored the snow red in many places. A group of elven warriors were fighting a small army of orcs and they were outnumbered but held their ground. Their speed and skill did keep the enemy at bay and they were a terrifying sight. Movements so fast they became inhuman, the silent communication and their superior technique made it rather clear that these were experienced warriors. Their leader fought in front of the group, he didn't wear a helmet and his long golden hair was like a lion's mane around his face. Cold blue eyes focused only on his enemies and his sword cut a blood red path through the orcs. He was like an unstoppable force of nature, a thunderstorm, an avalanche of death and the orcs started to retreat. They knew who he was, they had heard of the reborn one and feared him, rightly so. The rest of the elves pushed forth and the last orcs to stand tried to run but were cut down like the vermin they were and the elves took a deep breath and tried to get an overview of the situation. Glorfindel stared at the battlefield, his heart racing with the excitement of battle and he tried to calm himself. They had almost ridden straight into an ambush and it was his fault, he hadn't been as alert as he ought to. He had too much on his mind. He tried to pretend as if everything was alright but it wasn't. His eyes did seek a familiar form, relief was flooding his senses when he saw that he was unharmed. He stared down into the blood soaked snow, kicked a dead orc out of the way. He had to make things right, to reveal the truth. The fact that death could have claimed them both this day was horrifying, he had to show him what he truly felt but how? How could he reveal this to the young ellon who probably saw him only as a mentor and idol? He couldn't go on like this, he just couldn't. It messed with his head and made him lose his grip, made him make mistakes he couldn't afford to make. Oh he was an idiot in so many ways, and just before this journey started he had abruptly come to the conclusion that he no longer could hide his true emotions. And it had happened in the worst way possible, well, in one of the worst manners at least. He stared over at Elladan and remembered the morning, less than a week ago, when he had realized that he no longer could lie to himself and the world around him, that he had been trying to choke feelings he couldn't deny. He had been living a shadow life and it had almost snuffed out the very light in him as well, so now he had to come forth and come clean and what would happen afterwards was anybody's guess. The bedroom was warm, the hearth had been filled with logs and the light from the fire had thrown a very soft light over the huge bed and the two elves in it. Glorfindel was panting slightly and his eyes were revealing his own shock and disbelief, he didn't really know what to say. Langorno sighed and gave his cheek a gentle pat. " I sort of knew you have your true desire elsewhere, yet I would prefer that you call out my name when you come, not the name of that secret desire of yours» Glorfindel groaned and rolled over next to his lover, hid his face with his hands and felt terrible. " I am sorry, I truly am….I don't know what came over me" Langorno grinned, a sort of wicked glimpse in his eyes. He had a streak of mischief that Glorfindel had found very attractive but now he was starting to question his own sanity. "No? I am pretty sure I did come over you right now, but fine. Fin, I am no fool, neither are the rest of the warriors here. You have to be both deaf dumb and blind to not notice the way you act around him» Glorfindel jerked, his eyes were wide. "Are you serious?!Oh Eru, does everybody know?» Langorno shrugged and a slender hand played with Glorfindel's long golden locks. "Oh yes, everybody, except Dan of course. He is pretty ignorant unfortunately." Glorfindel closed his eyes, the haze that followed an orgasm made him feel oddly dizzy and he sort of groaned and wished to just crawl into a hole and hide forever. " Please, don't tell him!" Langorno sighed and got up on his elbow, stared at Glorfindel and his eyes were a bit sad but also filled with a softness one usually wouldn't expect from him. " I won't, but by Eru you are gonna tell him or else I will drag your ass to him and force you to confess." Glorfindel tried to relax, to cope with the situation. "You are not upset?" Langorno sighed again and his smile was a bit skewed. "Of course not, I have never lived under the delusion that you have felt anything for me, we have had fun but that is all that it has been. You do deserve someone you truly love, and that is not me." Glorfindel bit his lower lip. "And your feelings?" Langorno sort of laughed. " My feelings`? Listen Fin, I have always known that I was a substitute for someone else and yes, I am fond of you but nothing more than that. No, I will not have any problems with you seeking the one you truly ought to be with." Glorfindel tried to smile. " You are too noble, I don't deserve you" Langorno snorted. "No? I think we have deserved each other for the last centuries, we have both been pining after someone beyond our reach and we have been each other's fuck toys but that has to end now. You have to tell him Fin, I have seen how you are pining deep within, and it is changing you. You have become reckless, and too fierce. It is no good" Glorfindel knew that Langorno was speaking the truth, he sighed and bit his lower lip, feeling insecure and sort of drawn between his sense of duty and his intense longing. Would it be wrong of him to approach his apprentice thus? Would it be inappropriate, to abuse the trust Elladan had in him? He had no idea! But Langorno's words did ring true, he had not been himself lately, that was true. And he had become reckless too, there had been many examples of that. He stared at his lover, Langorno was rather tanned and he had long auburn hair usually worn in a pony tail. His eyes were green and he was known as one of the hardest and most bloodthirsty of all of the warriors of Imladris. He was only half noldo, his mother had been silvan and he had inherited a certain kind of wild attitude from her. Langorno wasn't one to cover in front of anyone, he was haughty, fierce, sometimes quite a pain in the ass and Glorfindel knew he had entered this odd relationship simply because Langorno didn't remind him of anyone he knew from his first life. He closed his eyes. " I promise I will tell him, soon" Langorno sort of smacked Glorfindel playfully over his ass. "Then stand by your words, or else I will make sure you regret it." Glorfindel jerked and hissed, Langorno was the kind of person who would have laughed straight at the face of Morgoth himself, and he had no respect for anyone or anything except perhaps his brother's in arms. He took life one day at a time, didn't worry, didn't think ahead and most of all, he took whatever joy he could find whenever he found it. Glorfindel did envy him that ability. The day before he had watched Elladan and his twin brother sparring and he had been correcting them too, he remembered it all too well. The two elegant and yet muscular bodies, so alike, moving like fog over water, silently and with deadly precision. Elladan was his best student, Elrohir a good number two. Elrohir was a more placid person, he was just as fierce as his brother in battle but he was a thinker, more like his father. Elladan was a fierce flame, always burning, never slowing down, never hesitating. Glorfindel remembered watching how tanned skin had been shining with sweat, how muscles and sinews had formed their own exquisite dance and his mouth went dry. He could not remember when he had started to see Elladan as something else than an apprentice, when his feelings had shifted from those of a friend, almost a family member, to those of a potential lover. It had happened so slowly that he hadn't been able to notice, and when he started to realize that it was attraction he felt he had backed off immediately. It felt wrong, in every conceivable manner. Elladan was the son of Elrond, who he had sworn to protect, heck, he had sworn to protect the line of Eärendil and that included the twins too. How could he protect them from himself? He watched the twins grow, develop and become magnificent warriors in their own right and he was proud of them, very much so. And yet he was unable to keep his thoughts on the straight and narrow, unable to see Elladan as the son of his friend and liege. He did drown his desire in work, in training and wine, tried to erase the longing with other lovers, all as different from Elladan as possible and Langorno was the last one, and the most reasonable one too, oddly enough. He got out of bed and went to the baths, to clear his head. Elladan was already among the best and most skilled of all of the warriors of this valley and almost his equal. But Glorfindel did doubt that he would be interested, he just wasn't acting that way and he had seen the young ellon with his arms around pretty ellith many a time. No, it was madness, and he would make a fool of himself and yet he had to be honest. Elladan should be allowed to decide whether or not he wanted Glorfindel to continue as his mentor or if he wanted someone else. His heart feared the result, what if the young ellon got offended? Disgusted even? Glorfindel just couldn't handle the thought. That day Elrond approached him and told him they expected a visitor from the grey havens, an elf Elrond had known in his youth and could Glorfindel take a troop and ride out and meet him? The mountains and the valleys were covered with snow now and a journey was not something one ought to start without detailed planning but they had to go the next day. Elrond had gotten a hawk carrying a message from his friend stating that the ellon had gotten stuck in a human village some days travel to the west, the roads were blocked and orcs had been seen in the area. He hadn't dared to leave the place since he had only two other elves travelling with him, and his horse had gotten lame too. Glorfindel had been feeling odd, he knew it was childish and immature but he was sort of glad he had to