Beware of the things that go bump in the…privy! There was a small group of eager elflings gathered in one of the cozy living rooms normally reserved for the royal family but tonight was all hallows eve and the king had allowed even some commoners access to the royal chambers. The elflings had walked through the entire palace begging for treats that evening and now most of them had problems following the laws of gravity due to a monstrous intake of sugary substances. Most were sticky all over from honey cakes or other sweets and their eyes were fixed upon on of the local silvan elves who was a master of telling scary tales. In fact he mastered that art to such a degree that there would be quite a few rather annoyed or rather very angry parents that night, struggling to get their little ones into bed, and perhaps even one or two wetted beds and some nightmares. He had just told the story of how trolls used to hunt down naughty elflings and cook them and the little ones were gasping with horror and delight and he had imitated the gruff voice of a nasty troll, it made the young ones squeal and try to hide behind one another. At the back of the room two young ellyn sat in a comfortable armchair each, both with a glass of wine and they listened to the tales with a smirk upon their faces. Their identical faces sometimes made others confused and made many believe they were seeing double. This was entertaining to a certain degree, they had spent a whole month in the great Greenwood while their father was negotiating some sort of trading treaty with the king and it was exciting seeing new places but now they were getting a bit bored. They spent some time with the king's very young son but he was just an elfling and they didn't want to become baby sitters. After all, they were already come of age and experienced warriors. The silvan got up and raised his arms. " And thus this evening ends little ones, no more tales, now, go back to your parents and straight to bed!" There was a small outburst of protests and the silvan grinned. It was the same every year, the kids loved the macabre stories and always wanted more. He sighed. " It is getting late, it is way past bedtime!" The prince sat among the other kids, huge blue eyes were staring at the dark haired silvan, and they were pleading with him. " Please, just one more? A small one!" The silvan held his hands out. " No, I am out of stories, sorry!" The elflings all pouted. " That is not true, you know more stories, I am sure you do!" The silvan shook his head. " No, those stories are not suitable for young minds like yours, they are for adults only. So rush off to bed!" There was a loud sound of wailing coming from the group and Elladan couldn't help it, he got up and walked over. " Children, I know a scary tale, from Imladris. Do you want to hear it?" The elflings all jumped up and down, eyes shining and mouths grinning. Elrohir sighed and rolled his eyes, his brother's scary tales was normally the kind that would make a balrog wet its bed, if it had any, and he had no idea of what it might do to a bunch of little ones. "Yes, oh yes, tell us, tell us!" Elladan smirked and sat down again, the elflings gathered around him and the silvan looked a bit annoyed, he was afraid the peredhel would scare the living daylights out of the fragile young minds. But it wasn't his business if the son of Elrond received some scolding afterwards, he just left and Elrohir joined him, he had heard Elladan's stories before and they usually became rather grotesque after a while. Elladan tok a small sip of his wine and started. " A long long time ago there as this very lovely elleth who lived in Imladris, and she was courted by two handsome ellyn." The kids were listening and Legolas blinked. " Was she pretty?" Elladan tried not to be annoyed by the interruption. " Of course she was, with long silky blond hair and blue eyes. " Legolas tilted his head. " I thought all noldor were dark?" Elladan rolled his eyes. " She was …a teleri, yes, a teleri. Shall I go on?" Everybody nodded. " Yes, please!" The elflings went quiet again and Elladan took a deep breath. " Now, the two ellyn who were trying to woo her both wanted to be her husband, and they both were going to fight really hard to have the honor of asking for her hand." One of the other elflings pouted. " Why do they say that? Asking for her hand? Don't they want the whole elleth? What is so special about hands, everybody has got them right? Although I once did hear ada tell his best friend that nana is great at doing hand jobs but I have no idea of what that is, could you tell me? Please?" Elladan scoffed and had to fight his need to blush, elflings! "I think you'd better ask your nana about that little one, let me continue please?" The small ones looked at him with anticipation and he took another sip of wine and started telling again. " One of these ellyn, let us call him…Calaron, was very jealous and he didn't like the idea of seeing the elleth being wooed by someone else. And he came up with a devious plan, a most terrible and horrible plan." The elflings were leaning forward, eyes filled with tension and suspense and he enjoyed the moment. The firewood in the heart crackled and the mood was such a great one. Everybody warm and comfortable and relaxed, it was great. "He knew that his rival enjoyed a little wine every now and then, and so he sneaked into his chambers and added some strong sleeping medicine to his wine." The elflings gasped and blinked and Elladan lowered his again voice, made it creepy and hoarse, the small ones were wide eyed and their concentration absolute. He had captured his audience for sure. "When his rival was sound asleep he carried him to the bathroom and held his head under water in the tub until he drowned." The elflings all gasped and Legolas looked a bit pale. Elladan continued in a very creepy voice. " And then, so that nobody would discover what he had done, he dumped the body down the privy for he knew that nobody would go looking for someone in that filth" The elflings grimaced, as one. " EEEWWWW" Elladan grinned to himself. " And then he went ahead and married the elleth and thought that this was the end of it, but it wasn't…" Everybody was silent, staring at him in anticipation of what would come next. "The dead ellon's soul refused to leave for the halls, he wanted vengeance and so he stayed there, in the privy, waiting for the right moment to strike" The elflings had an expression of fifty percent disgust and fifty percent fascination, what would happen now? Elladan took a sip of his wine, his eyes narrow and his voice low and foreboding. " And then, one day when the murderer came to the privy to do his business the ghost grabbed him and pulled him down and drowned him in the shit" The elflings became green, and some coughed and looked as if they were about to retch. "But the elleth had lost both her friend and her husband and in her grief she too drowned herself in the river. But she could feel that the spirit of her friend was still there so she was forever searching for him but since he too was guilty of murder she was unable to see him. And so she is often seen wandering the halls, dressed in a soaking wet coat, covered in silt and mud and water plants, moaning his name." The elflings had goosebumps, some were close to tears. " But the worst part, oh the worst part is that the ghost of her friend continued to haunt the privy, because he didn't feel that it was fair to be denied entrance to the halls and to this day on, everybody who enters a privy could be taken and dragged down to a…sticky end" One of the elflings puked, very loudly. " But the privy holes are so small? How can anyone fit down such a small opening?" The elfling asking was a little elleth, with blonde hair and a sweet face that was rather pale. "The privy ghost is so very strong, you see, if the person is too large he will just pull the skin and meat down, and the skeleton will be left up there, all bloody and gory" The little elleth fainted and more elflings puked. All were green like a spring forest by now. "And the ghost can appear everywhere where there is a privy, remember that!" He kept his low creepy voice and chuckled within, this ought to be interesting. "Everywhere?!Even here!?" Elladan nodded solemnly. "Indeed, and here you have such a huge sewer system , I am sure this is one of the ghost's favorite sites!" Some elflings were weeping and others looked positively horrified. "But….but…isn't there anything you can do to chase the ghost away?" A tiny voice was whispering the question and Elladan grinned. " Well of course there is something you can do, if you drop a burning candle down the privy the ghost has to run away for it is afraid of fire" The elflings looked as if he had told them a very important secret and Elladan got back onto his feet and smiled. " And now it is indeed bedtime, go now and remember, always check the privy before you sit down. It might save your life!" The elflings got up and ran, seeking the comforting arms of their parents. This was way worse than any story they had ever heard and Elladan did pity the servants who had to clean the room, there were some impressive pools of puke there. That night the servants suddenly had a rush of elves asking for chamber pots, their children refused to use the privy and there were a lot of nightmares and a lot of upset stomachs and even more upset parents. The next day Elrond had a private conversation with his son and it was apparently rather unpleasant for Elladan was pale when he left the chambers and he wasn't allowed to sit by the dinner table for a week but had to stay with the servants. 4 The palace of great greenwood was immense, and there were thousands of elves living within it and so there had to be a very efficient system for the removal of waste. The apartments had their own privies and there were public ones with booths and at least six seats almost everywhere. And all of these were connected by a system of carefully drilled holes through the rock that took the waste down into a rather large pipe that was tilted downwards at an angle. When the waste finally reached daylight it had turned to compost and dirt and the gardeners used it as fertilizer. The system had worked well for ages, the holes through the rock were extremely smooth so nothing got stuck and the servants would pour a mixture of water and crushed limestone and tree bark down the holes every now and then to avoid any problems with smell. But now a problem had occurred. The elves within lower parts of the palace complained about a very unpleasant smell and two servants had pulled the short straw