This story is the result of a Challenge on AO3 posted by Pieohpah, it was an image and a story was asked for in response to that drawing. This is my attempt at making something that fitted that image. The story With the image and all can be viewed on AO3 and Faerie. Green green green-leaf…. The valley was peaceful this evening, the summer heat made the air simmer and even the birds kept their beaks shut. The entire city was almost on a state of slumber, the last weeks had been unbearably hot and even the elves were feeling the effects of it. The guards were leaning on their spears, dreaming of the moment when they could remove their hot and heavy armor and take a long soak in the river. The horses were dozing in their stables and nothing was really going on. The elves were trying to do their daily shores but almost every activity had grinded to a halt, it was just too hot and the sun was shining and so many had gathered by the river to cool off. Even the very dignified counsellor Erestor had been dragged down to the river by Elrond and Glorfindel and now he was floating on his back with an expression of bliss on his face. This did beat the heat of the library, and although he never would admit to it, even under torture, he did enjoy taking a bath. It made him feel like an elfling again. The only one not indulging himself was a guest, a very dignified guest. Thranduil of Greenwood had arrived a week earlier with his son and he was genuinely bored, and a bit worried too. He was sitting on a balcony with a splendid view of the entire valley and he had a huge goblet of chilled Dorwinion in his hand and yet he felt far from content. He had come for a specific reason, a problem he had tried to solve on his own but to no prevail. It regarded his son and he sighed and took a long sip of the wine. It shouldn't really be such a big deal, after all, there were few warriors more lethal than his beloved son but there was this one small problem that was nagging and bothering the king almost continuously. Thranduil was a master swordsman, he was unsurpassed with his blades and he was proud of his skills and had every right to be too. He had been trained by the very best sword masters of Doriath and he had ever sought to hone and perfect his skills. And he was training whenever he had the time to keep himself fit for a fight. Now, his son was a different tale altogether. He was extremely skilled with his long knives, and he fought like a silvan in every way but Thranduil wanted him to be just as skilled with a sword, or preferably two. The problem was that Legolas was good with his blades, yes he was, but he didn't excel. He was above average but he couldn't even hope to be compared with his sire when it came to swordplay and it was gnawing at Thranduil. He had hired the best tutors he could find, he had even tried to train his son by himself but that had been a failure of grand proportions. And so he had to swallow his pride and ask for help where he never would have imagined that he ever would go for such business. He had asked Glorfindel to train his son and found some small solace in the thought that the golden warrior was a vanyar and not a noldo. And so there he was, as a guest in Imladris and he was trying to enjoy the stay. You could say a lot about the noldo, but they knew how to create a sense of luxury. The chambers he had been offered were grand and his sons were just as nice. And it felt good to get away from his kingly duties but he would never admit that to anyone. Legolas was doing well, he was making progress and Glorfindel was praising his skills but Thranduil was in doubt of the balrog slayers sincerity. After all, as a king he was used to everything being heavily sugar coated before he was informed of the things that went on in his realm. It was annoying at its best and infuriating at its worst but he had gotten used to it. So he did not doubt that his son was making progress but he doubted that the progress was as grand as Glorfindel claimed that it was. And there was another cause for concern too, his son was getting distracted. He realized that he had done a stupid thing by keeping his son so isolated, the prince was in awe of everything new he was experiencing there every day and it did affect his concentration. It was everything from the food to the architecture and Thranduil was sighing and rolling his eyes in despair when Legolas showed up too late for training because he had seen something new and exciting. He was several hundred years old, not an elfling but Thranduil did realize that Elrond was right when he in his usual calm but oh so very righteous voice told the king he had tried to prolong his sons childhood by preventing him from really growing up. Thranduil knew that he had to open his eyes to the truth and let his son test his wings so to speak but it was hard, darn hard. He had lost so much in his long life, he refused to loose also his precious leaf. And some of the distractions were also of a sort that made Thranduil a bit worried, back home Legolas knew everybody, there were no strangers and nobody who didn't keep an appropriate distance knowing that this was their prince. Here on the other hand Legolas could be compared with a flower in full bloom surrounded by eager bees. The ellith were coming on to him and so were quite a few ellyn too and the young prince was enjoying the attention immensely. In fact he was enjoying it a bit too much for Thranduil's liking and he had ordered Glorfindel to push his son so hard he didn't have the strength left to do anything stupid. Thranduil did want his son to be happy, of course he did, but he would prefer that he found some high born elleth of Sindarin origin and not some noldo. He was afraid that his son would bond with somebody he hadn't approved of and so he tried to keep a very watchful eye on him at all times. There was one elleth in special that caused him concern, a very beautiful young thing with long dark locks and gorgeous large hazel doe eyes and Thranduil knew that the elleth was of a very respectable family and well thought of. If she had been a sinda or even a silvan he would have encouraged his son but she was a noldo damn it. And to make matters even worse he knew that one of Elrond's sons was interested in that elleth too. Nothing inappropriate had happened and he did not think that Legolas was all that interested in her but she had caught his attention and that was enough to make the king a bit worried. Thranduil emptied the goblet and sighed again, being a father wasn't easy at all. He wanted only the best for his only child but sometimes that was not easy to guide his offspring in the right direction. After all, his son was young and inexperienced and needed a loving hand to guide him. He could perhaps ask Glorfindel to add some very exhausting physical training to his regime too? Running perhaps? That ought to do it, or perhaps swimming? Yes, that would be great. While Thranduil was deep in thought two pair of eyes were following the young prince as he was trying to move the way Glorfindel wanted him to, the eyes were grey and wolf-like and filled with both mirth and a hint of worry. The eyes belonged to Elrond's sons and the twins were hiding behind a bush, studying their target well. That Legolas had spoken to the fair young elleth Elladan for the moment had a certain interest in hadn't gone unnoticed and even though they strongly doubted that the prince would take it beyond just a few courteous words it had sort of fueled a flame within them both. It wasn't that Elladan was jealous, it was just that….oh damn it, he was! Legolas was pretty, nobody could deny that. In fact he was more than pretty, he was gorgeous! And Elladan and Elrohir were used to getting all the attention, and now he had sort of stolen their admiring crowd. Elrohir would of course always back his brother up and was on his side and now they had come up with a brilliant and devious plan. After all, an initiation of some sort was needed when someone entered their group of friends and they had a reputation to uphold. They couldn't just allow the prince to get away without being pranked just because he was royalty? They didn't dare to prank his father, Thranduil's temper was infamous and frightening and after all, he was a king. They didn't want to start a diplomatic incident within their own home. No, the son was a legal target, after all, they had to show him that this was their domain and that they were in charge. He was the right age too, and too stiff and controlled for their liking. He was always so darn polite, so well behaved. Did he at all inherit anything from his father except those good looks? They were dying to find out, oh it would be sweet. One of the first things they had thought of was his name, it was a bit odd since Legolas had added Greenleaf to his name when the very first name meant the same, it was silly and so they had decided that this forest elf was in for the surprise of a lifetime. A green leaf ought to be just that right? Green? Elrohir happened to know a seamstress with a not insignificant crush on him and he had masterly managed to distract her while Elladan stole a whole jar of fabric dye. Bright green fabric dye. And they had gotten so many great ideas whence they had started, their minds had been overflowing with them and so the dye was just the beginning. Elrohir had done a lot of preparations in the bath house and Elladan had picked the lock to the prince's rooms and done a great job there too. Now they were simply waiting for the practice session to end, and they were sniggering while they awaited the result of their tedious work. Glorfindel had been pushing the young prince rather hard and Legolas was dripping with sweat and panting in the heat, he was absolutely exhausted and his hands were shivering. Glorfindel had given him two rather heavy practice swords and the young elf had never thought that he ever could feel this tired. Glorfindel was about to give him some further instructions when he suddenly noticed that the king himself was approaching them. Thranduil was looking as spectacular as ever and he had dropped the heavy court robes and wore just a white linen shirt and a pair of dark trousers. He carried a pair of exquisite blades and Glorfindel sighed, right, the king wanted to show off again, or perhaps just demonstrate his skills to his son. The golden warrior bowed politely and Thranduil sent him a swift but stiff grin, he did notice that Legolas looked completely drained and he felt concerned. He knew his son, he would