The last of its kind Prologue The sounds of battle were deafening, the entire structure shook violently in the unending bombardment from catapults and other siege machines. Smoke and dust filled the hallways together with the screams from the dying and the wounded. Floors and stairways were packed with people and blood had created beautiful red pools everywhere. The stench of fear and death was strong and even those who still were breathing knew that their end was near. The enemy would not rest until they all were dead. Two figures were running along a narrow corridor towards the top of the massive structure, they were covered with dust and grime and both had an expression of desperate courage on their faces. The female carried a small bundle in her arms and she was praying constantly. The thunder from the rocks which hit the towers and walls was never ending and she knew that this place was doomed. It was mighty and strong but no stronghold could hold back the tide of darkness which now was pushing towards the ancient gates. The male was wearing an armor, he was wounded and limping but his eyes told of a will which never could be broken. He gestured towards the woman. " Hurry Nemeloreh, we have to get to the temple now!" She gasped and ducked, splinters from a rock flew around them and the smell was very pungent. She coughed and tried to run faster. There were corpses laying everywhere, the healers had just left them there, no point in worrying about those who were already dead. " I can't see how the temple can be of any help? Prayers are useless now, they have abandoned us brother!" He swore and pushed her forward. " I would not have believed it if someone told me they had heard you speak thus, it is blasphemy, from a holy sister!" She was gasping. " It is not blasphemy if it is true? This is the end!" He clenched his fists together. " If our prayers won't help then your powers will, we have got to get it out of here!" They were approaching two massive wooden doors reinforced with steel. They looked like they were old as the very foundations of the earth itself and the entire building had an air of ancient wisdom and light. On the doors a figure in bronze was clearly visible, it was a horse with a single horn protruding from its forehead, the woman bowed for the image before the man started to push the doors open. A creaking sound could be heard and they entered the holy room. It was very simple, it had no paintings or statues, it was just a rectangular room with a low and wide pedestal in the middle. Upon it stood a statue of the same creature, a huge stallion with a horn and in front of it a flame rose from the floor, forever burning and alive. The woman made a sobbing noise. "They have blocked our powers, created a magical dead zone around the fortress, I cannot send it away from here, they will discover it and grasp it, claim it for themselves!" He swore. " You know as well as I do that never must happen, if we cannot get it out of here we have to kill it. It cannot fall into their hands, it would be the ultimate disaster!" She whimpered!" I can't, oh Erhardran, you know that, I can't…" Her voice died down and he turned around, he had shut the doors behind them and only the flame gave light to the room. " Then get it out of here, if you cannot sent it to our other strongholds then send it somewhere else, use the ancient force!" She backed away from him, her eyes filled with utter despair. " No, no brother, do not ask that of me! If I do we will have no idea of where it will end up, there are a myriad of worlds out there and it may end up in any of them! We will never know of it will make it or not!" He snarled, pulled his sword, from the outside they could hear screaming and roars, the enemy had breached the gates and walls, they would be coming soon. " It will be alive damn it, that is all that matters, the last one must never fall into their hands, never!" He grasped her by her collar and shook her. " Do it, by the name of Enrah, go ahead woman. Send it away, you know your duty." She shivered and her eyes were huge and terrified. " Yes, I know my duty. Do you know yours brother?" He nodded. " Fear not, we may be the last of the clergy alive within this fortress but they will not take any of us alive, I swear this to you sister." She nodded and walked towards a small altar by the wall, someone was hammering at the huge doors now, they would break through soon enough. The woman placed the bundle on the altar and started to chant, her eyes appeared to roll up into her head and then a strange light appeared around the altar. She was sweating, her voice became strained and her face became grey, she appeared to be getting older as the chanting went on, this magic was terrible, it consumed the very life of the one who used it but they had no choice. Her life was to end anyhow, she had no doubts or regrets. This was what she had lived for, had trained for and believed in. she could not fail. The light became almost as bright as the sun and then it just disappeared along with the altar. The woman was staggering, the doors were giving in and dark creatures were pouring through the opening like blood from an open wound. The man spun around, she stood there and her eyes were blurred and she looked like an old person now. He gave her a last smile. " Forgive me sister." She just nodded. " You are already forgiven my brother" He swung his sword and watched how her body fell to the floor, limp and lifeless. He roared and ran towards the attacking horde of enemies, they were rather sure of victory since this was just one man. A warrior monk yes, but just one. Even one of those could not kill them all. He fought with all of his might and strength, felled enemies like a gardener cuts weeds from his garden but it was useless. He knew this would not last, they would finally end him and he swore that he would take them all with him. He started to shout words which to the enemy had no meaning but the effect was rather terrifying, He started to glow, a strange blue light which seemed to flow through every crack in his armor. It was almost too strong to look at and then he screamed one final word and a surge of energy was released within the temple room. His entire life force burst forth and consumed everything within the room except from the statue. The room went completely black and smoldering bodies lay tossed around like ragdolls. The enemy had brought the mighty fortress to its knees but it had been robbed of what it really was after and a mighty roar of disappointment could be heard over the now burning ruin of a once strong and beautiful sacred place. It had been taken, and only the gods of light knew to where. Chapter one: The creature in the cage The men were moving rather slowly along the forest path, it was three of them and they wore ragged and worn out clothes. They all had an appearance which told anyone who saw them that these were persons who didn't exactly live by the law, rather beside it. They had spears and axes and they were scowling towards the forest around them with eyes filled with both fear and hatred. Behind the three men came a small wagon pulled by an old mule, the animal was skinny with sores and mange and it was walking with a profound limp. The poor animal didn't try to stop simply because it had been beaten so often it knew that they would whip it again if it slowed down. The carriage had only one thing on it, a huge box like shape covered with tarp and the cover was tied so hard around the box there were no way to see what was inside of it. The men were nervous, they should not have been there at all. The path was supposed to be a short cut to Laketown but they were starting to doubt that. They had moved through this rather sinister forest for almost an entire day and they were getting hungry, tired and more and more nervous. They knew what would happen if they were caught trespassing, the elves did not appreciate intruders into their realm and the stories of people who got caught were many and suitable to scare the living daylights out of anybody thinking about entering Mirkwood uninvited. The sun would go down soon and the forest was dangerous enough in itself without the elves adding to the possible problems they could encounter. The men were crossing a small glade when they suddenly knew that they had run out of luck, the way they knew this was rather obvious. Suddenly an arrow came flying and pierced the ground right in front of their feet. All three came to an abrupt holt and only the fact that they were terrified stopped them from turning, fleeing and becoming pincushions. The leader of the men was the tallest of them, he was almost bald and he had a thin beard and small piercing eyes. He was a brute of a man but even he was shivering a bit. Suddenly they were surrounded by two dozen elves and the beauty and grace of these inhabitants of the forest was a stark contrast to the men and their filthy appearance. The elves were pointing arrows at them and the leader took a step forward, he was a tall elf with mahogany hair and green eyes and he was obviously an officer and a person who demanded respect. The men were cursing to themselves, they were in deep shit now and could only trust their leaders ability to talk his way out of problems. The elven leader was staring at the men with obvious disgust, he felt that these were bad people and he had a strong feeling of anger boiling within. They were trespassing and they were up to no god, even a child could see that. " So, three humans and a carriage on a forest path, who are you and why are you here, what is it that you are transporting?" The leader of the men tried to look peaceful and harmless, he even tried to grin only to reveal a row of teeth so rotten a couple of the nearest elves staggered back an entire step. They could smell the stench very well and shivered with disgust. " I am Bertrand, these are my friends Ohlar and Thjak. We were trying to find a shortcut to Laketown and I guess we got lost. We are transporting something for my brother who lives in Laketown, he is trying to start a fair of some sorts. " The elves stared at the box, it was weird but it could not be all that heavy since one old and mistreated mule was enough to pull it. " So, you are claiming to be peaceful travelers, what exactly is in that crate?" The elf's soft deep voice was having a hard edge to it and the men cringed, they were in danger and one wrong move would surely