Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters except my own ones. This is written simply because my mad muse has taken over my brain and I am helpless to fight it This is a sequel to my story Hearts of Fire souls of ice , and it may be confusing for anyone who hasn't read that so it is a good idea to read that first. Rating : M due to violence, mature themes, sex and gory details. Characters from the prequel: Nireariel : Thranduil's wife, she is an albino carrying a curse and a blessing. She is carrying a piece of the very song of creation and is a very powerful healer, she can if need be save a dying person by offering death another person instead but it is a most terrible choice to make. Astarion : Son of Nireariel and Thranduil: He is married to Lindelle and has four children, has inherited his mother's ability to heal others and also the song of creation. Raina : Astarion's sister: Married but no children yet, husband Rocarion. She is also a healer and carries the song too. Ravenne : Main character of this story, Sister to Raina and Astarion, they are triplets but not identical. Ravenne is a weird one, she is carrying the curses Raina and Astarion should have had, there is always two curses following the song of creation, one of the flesh and one of the soul. She has the power to kill by her will alone and it is a terrible gift/curse. Astar : Nireariel's father. Cunarin .: Thranduil's brother who died before Thranduil was even born. He was his father's favorite and Oropher turned his memory into something the ellon never was and thus Thranduil never managed to get his father's trust nor love or approval. Cunarin died very young and under suspicious circumstances. Meldariel : Orophers wife, Thranduil's mother. Morilinde : Legolas wife of a once hidden tribe of Avari elves, he saved her life when he lived in Ithilien and she is a wild one. No living children yet. Short summary of the story prequel to this : Thranduil loses his wife whom he never loved, after a long time he meets Nireariel and knows she is his one, they have to fight many problems to have each other. They want children but it takes a long time before they have any luck. When Nireariel finally becomes pregnant she is expecting twins. But there are three babies, not two and the last born is born with the curses her siblings should have had. She is the huntress, the lioness. Some years later Nireariel gets pregnant again but it goes wrong and Ravenne kills the baby in its mother's womb to save Nireariel, Nireariel get so weak and depressed Thranduil decides to sail to the blessed realm to save her and to prevent his daughter from becoming a monster. The question is if he involuntarily has stepped from the ashes and into the fire Chapter one: Most cruel of fates They say the worst feeling Is the longing for what's just out of reach What your heart desires, for what you yearn Yet cannot have or hold Is it in truth better to have loved and lost Then to never have loved at all? She was circling her opponent slowly, the tips of her swords almost touching the ground as she never even once averted her glance from his. She was breathing hard and sweat was covering her skin, they had been sparring for several hours and she felt how the excitement and mixed eagerness and concentration made her feel more alive than for a long time. She awaited his next move, you could never know how he would attack and that unpredictability was one of the reasons why he was regarded as one of the best swordsmen ever. But she beat him six times out of ten and she was proud of it. Suddenly he was moving, the blade of his long slender sword came towards her slender neck at a terrifying speed and she hissed and blocked it with her shorter slim blade, she spun out of reach and engaged in an attack of her own. The clashing of steel against steel and the sound of their boots against the dusty ground of the sparring arena was all the sound to be heard. The speed of their swordplay was impressive, none of them stood still for even a second and she knew that this would have been impossible for everybody else. It would have been too dangerous and even an elf dies of a sword blade through the heart. But they knew each other well and had absolute control, they were in no real danger. She saw her chance and took it, for a short second his left side was unprotected and she nicked the leather of his tunic almost gently, if she had wanted to she could have pierced his chest completely. He sighed and bowed his head. "You got me again!" She grinned and bowed back. "Yes I did, is this the fifth time in a row ada?" He sighed and smiled, put his sword back into the sheath. "More like the seventh I think, you are outdoing your old adar, I am proud of you penneth." She could only smile but she felt a bit sad. There were still things she never would learn, things and tricks he had learned the hard way. Here there were no wars, no dangers at all. She had nothing she could use to perfect her skills and why should she? She sighed and placed her blades in a rack by the entrance, she was the only one who used this place and she felt like an outcast at times. He shook the sweat out of his long silvery blond hair and sent her a wry grin. "I thank you daughter, fighting you like that makes me feel quite alive once more." She had to laugh. "Me too ada, I get bored without a little sparring every now and then." He sent her a glance from the corner of his eye. "So, when are you to return?" She braided her long white hair again, tried to look less like some wild thing and more like a lady, she knew that her mother didn't approve of anything else. "The day after tomorrow, I am sorry but I can't stay any longer." He sighed and nodded. "I know, but it is so darn hard to watch you go again, we miss you." She squirmed. "Ada, it is alright, I am safe. There is no danger, I can take care of myself." He sighed once more. "That is exactly what I am worried about. You spend so much time by yourself, it is not healthy, not for a young lady like yourself." They walked up the stairs towards the entrance of the palace and she sighed and leaned towards a pillar, dried sweat from her brow. "Ada, you know me, I have no choice." He looked her deep into the eyes. "Yes, I know you and yet I still have hope. Your siblings are doing so well and…" She shook her head. "Are they really? Legolas is still struggling with the things he has been through, he won't admit to it but he is suffering. And Raina, how many times has she been disappointed and heartbroken by now, ten?" He winced, his eyes were filled with hurt. "Don't say it penneth, I know what I did and why. I had to save your mother and the old world had nothing left to offer us. The time of men had begun, we would have faded away into the shadows had we stayed." She took a deep breath. "Maybe that would have been for the better, but then again, the old world has changed so much and became a new world, at least for a few of us." He nodded. "I wish I could have gone with you, explored. But your mother would have killed me if I even suggested that for her." She had to laugh. "Yes, naneth would go ballistic." She pulled at the hem of her leather tunic. "I will take a bath ada, do I see you at dinner?" He nodded. "Of course Ravenne, we will all be there." She bowed her head and ran off, a bath and some clean clothes were all she needed to feel good once more. The bathroom was huge and luxurious and they had drilled down into underground hot springs, it was even better than the baths back in the old palace. She closed her eyes and tried to remember how it all had been but she found that she couldn't. She had been barely more than a child when they had sailed west and to her this home of her birth had become little more than a fading memory. To her parents and older brother it was a source of great pain and grief, they were missing their old life and old ways. She went into the water and had to think about the centuries past, she had lost track of how many ennin had passed since they arrived there in Aman. It was too a memory she had problems grasping onto. Everything had changed so fast and she remembered how they had settled down in a city along the coast. She had been quite intrigued by the new land at first, then she got incredibly bored. Nothing happened there, it was just too freaking perfect. Yes, her mother healed and they met relatives who had sailed or passed away but it did not ease the fact that Ravenne was bored. After a couple centuries her ada had had enough of this, the inland was vast and much of it unexplored. He sent people out and after some decades they found the right place. A mountain valley surrounded by forest, a huge hill in the middle of it. And so began a long and tedious work, he had made the drawings himself and they were amazing. Slowly the hill was transformed into a copy of not only the old palace of Mirkwood but also of his home in Lindon, of the lost palace of Amon Lanc and also the one at Emyn Duir. Suddenly her father had something to do and he was once more filled with vigor and his eyes were shining as he made planes and helped out with the work itself. He was breaking rocks and felling trees and Ravenne saw why her mother had fallen in love with him. He was stunning and she felt how the old sadness settled itself within her heart once more. It took more than three centuries before the palace was finished but time was everything they had and the finished result stunning. And slowly there was change, a change invisible from one day to the next but over the decades it became evident. More and more elves moved into the area, most of silvan origin and after yet a couple of centuries it became rather evident to everybody that the old kingdom of Greenwood was resurrected. Her father was once more a king and this time to a huge population of forest elves, and they did little to remain in contact with the rest of the continent. They had everything they needed there in the forests of Orome and the rest of Aman did not bother them. It was a different world. Ravenne had been helping out with the work but her strange nature had become more evident over the years, the curse she carried had become rather obvious to her and she started to shun all others, even her family. It had dawned on her when they reached Aman, she was a very beautiful young elleth and some said that she was even more so than her mother. She had seen how her body