Chapter one: Remedy He was bored, extremely so. There was nothing to do, or rather, nothing he could do. He was the king, he couldn't just go gallivanting off into the woods or retreat to the baths or something like that. Being in charge could sometimes be a pain in the ass and he did sincerely wonder how his father had managed to stay sane for the many years he had been the ruler of this place. Right now his son was out on a patrol, killing spiders and orcs and by Eru, he would have loved to join him. Everything was better than this. He sat there on his throne, looking great as always but nothing happened. There were nobody there asking to meet the king, no council meetings scheduled for days and the palace was almost deserted in the summer heat. Everybody was out hunting, gathering food or just having fun. He wasn't amused, not in the slightest. He was bored and wondered if he could be excused if he went to the library and found a book. He could sit there reading, claiming that it was some sort of important document. He cringed, there was one book he had been reading just a few nights ago and he had found it by a coincidence in a rather messy part of the library. There were a lot of scrolls and books left by his father and even more which had been brought there from different other realms and not all of them were placed into the shelves. He had found it in a crate, a small red book which was seemingly rather uninteresting. He didn't know why he had picked it up but he had and he had opened it and what he saw had him stand there staring for a while. He had brought the book back to his private chambers, hidden underneath his cloak, and he had hid it well so the servants wouldn't find it when they changed his bedding. He had been reading it that night and before long he had to put a hand to himself, not only one time but several. The very idea of what that book contained had bothered him for days now, he hadn't dared to read more but what he did read was glued to his mind still. He had no idea that any of the eldar were able to write something that…arousing. He squirmed in the seat, now that his thoughts had been turned in that direction it was hard to think of anything else. Oh by Eru, he was tormenting himself, he shouldn't think about such pleasurable activities right now, after all, he was in the throne room and the only people present were two guards who were placed right at the base of the dais. He stared down at them, took a sip of his wine and something awakened in his gaze. Yes, he was the king, he ought to be able to do whatever he wanted right? He had been chaste for too goddamn long, it had been more than a year since the last time he had bedded someone and he was rather hot-blooded in spite of his often cool and indifferent behavior. The first centuries after his wife died he had managed to remain completely celibate but it became too much in the end and he didn't really care about the laws and rules the valar supposedly wanted the eldar to follow. It was all just pious superstition and was probably just made to prevent the noldor from having too much fun. He stared at the two guards, they were both young and rather new to the guard company, both sylvan and both very pretty and absolutely attractive. He smirked, the slow smirk of a cat who has spotted a lame rat trapped in a corner. Now this could be fun, in fact the little plan he was making in his head would ensure him entertainment for days to come. He just had to choose the right moment, yes, this was a good idea. It would provide him with a welcome distraction and be a nice challenge. It would solve his boredom problem and his other problem too. Just the thought of the book and what it contained had made him painfully aroused. He emptied the goblet by his side and leaned back into the throne, he knew the routine the servants followed and soon somebody would come to make sure that the candles hadn't burned completely down. He didn't care if that somebody was an elleth or an ellyn, if the elf in question was pretty enough he would give it a try anyhow. He knew what his good looks did to others and he did also know that many dreamed of being bedded by him, if only once. The two guards were not allowed to move unless they were ordered to and he chuckled to himself, being watched wasn't something he ordinarily enjoyed but he was rather eager to see how the two of them would react. It could be very interesting indeed. He didn't have to wait for too long, an elleth in a servant's uniform came scurrying and she carried a small basket with candles. He grinned to himself, he had noticed that one before, she was rather tall and very pretty with thick honey colored hair and a very nice bosom too. In fact she was one of the more attractive ellith who worked there and he knew for a fact that she was rather popular among the ellyn, she wasn't as prudent as she liked to pretend that she were. He also knew that she found him attractive, he had ears everywhere and listened to the gossip of the servants more often than anyone knew, he gathered a lot of interesting information that way. She replaced a few candles and didn't even look up towards the throne, kept her eyes down all the time. It was time to strike and he felt excited, almost as if he was to lead an attack. This ought to be rather good, he would know instantly if she rejected him, after all, he didn't want to force himself onto someone but he doubted that she would. The rumors all claimed that he was regarded an excellent lover most of the single ellith desired and he was a bit proud of that reputation. He got up, without making a sound and walked down the stairs slowly, with the usual cat-like elegance he was so famous for. She got aware of the movement and froze, bowed swiftly and kept her head lowered. He did glide around her, watching her intently. " I have noticed you elleth, what is your name?" She gasped, didn't dare to look straight at him. " C…Candriel my lord" He smiled, let out a hand and let it slide slowly through her long silky locks, he did notice that her eyes got darker and her breath hitched. Great, she would be easy to persuade. He walked over to her other side, so close to her he knew she could feel his hot breath against her cheek and ears. " Such a sweet name, bold daughter right? Are you indeed bold?" She swallowed, he could see that she was nervous, yet unable to understand why he was addressing her. " I…I think so my lord" He lifted her chin, turned her face towards him, he stood so near her his chest pressed against her back and he could feel her trembling. Her eyes flickered and he heard her heartbeat, fast and strong. He could smell her, her scent was very feminine and slightly floral and rather nice too. He took a deep whiff of it. " You are tall Candriel, I like that. I bet there is some Sinda in you?" She nodded and tried to smile. " Yes. Ah, my grandfather was a sinda and..," He interrupted her by leaning forward and letting his tongue slide along the edge of her ear towards the delicate point where he gently let his teeth nip at it. She gasped and almost dropped the basket and he could see how her nipples suddenly pressed against the fabric of her dress. Damn her breasts were nice, he had to give them some attention. He let go of her ear and whispered to her, rather huskily. " Would you like some more?" Candriel just stared with huge eyes, still not quite sure about his intentions or how to interpret his words but he pressed himself against her and she couldn't avoid feeling his hard member against the small of her back. Candriel squeaked, she just stared at his face and those huge doe eyes were filled with disbelief but not rejection, not at all. He grinned at her, a rather wolfish grin and took the basket from her hand, placed it on the floor with a swift movement, then he turned her around and grasped her face between his hands and kissed her with passion. At first her lips were stiff, then slowly they got softer and started moving with his and she heaved for air and put her arms around his neck. This was going the right way, excellent. He let go of her and she was breathing hard and her eyes were already a bit glazed, she was easy to ignite, the rumors were true. He leaned forth and licked and nibbled at her throat and she let out a strange almost mewling sound and he knew he had her, she wouldn't reject his advances at all. He whispered to her. " If you don't want this, then now is the time to let me know for if not I will ravish you right here and now" Candriel gasped and he could smell it, she was aroused and ready and already shivering. The thought of being bedded by the king had to be the death of every thought of pretending to be a prudish and well behaved lady. He knew a lot about this one already and he was going to discover even more. " Oh my lord, I…I want it" Thranduil grinned again, a dangerous spark flickered within his gaze and he grasped her and lifted her. " Thought so!" There was a bench placed on the platform in front of the stairs leading up to the throne, it was used when somebody came to speak with the king and had to wait and it was long and low and rather comfortable. Now he placed her on it and she gasped as he simply lifted the wide dress and pulled it off her in one quick tug. She was glorious, just as he had anticipated and she wore nothing underneath it in the summer heat. Her body was not as toned as that of a warrior and she had a tiny waist and a gorgeous ass and long strong legs. He couldn't wait to feel them wrapped around his waist. Candriel was shivering, biting her lip, eyes glazed and there was yet a small hint of uncertainty within her eyes. " M..My lord, what if someone…enters the hall?!" He grinned and knelt down next to the bench. " Worry not, I have used my magic to shield the throne area, nobody can see or hear anything that is happening here." She relaxed visibly. " Oh, but...the guards?" Thranduil pushed her back against the soft bench. " Never mind them, they cannot speak of anything they see or hear here, and won't move unless I order them too." He already knew that the two guards were a bit in shock of what was going on, he could sense it. They were confused too, not sure of what to do. Oh how he enjoyed knowing that they would see everything. "And now my sweet one I intend to find out just how sweet you are" He pushed her legs apart and started