Chapter one: Challenge accepted. The king was dozing, feeling almost half asleep and yet awake and alert. Candriel was laying almost on top of him and she was sleeping, completely exhausted from one of their very vigorous encounters. He had to grin, she had proven to be very good for him, he wasn't by far as tense and ill-tempered as before and they had sort of found an balance between her very naughty and yet submissive nature and his more demanding demeanor. She trusted him completely and that did in fact make him feel a bit humble, and he did appreciate her and her youthful mischief more than he dared to express. He didn't love her, nor was he in love with her, but he was fond of her, very much so. She had filled a hole in his soul that had been draining him of life and energy for years and for that he was eternally grateful. The morning sun was rising outside of the palace and he knew he had to get up and get ready to face yet another challenging day but he didn't really want to. Having her warm weight on top of him was heavenly and it made him feel appreciated, in a whole different way than the appreciation he received from the rest of his subjects. She was breathing slowly and he let his eyes slide across her skin, slowly. Her curves were like a beautiful landscape of hills and valleys and he felt himself stirring yet again. He grinned and let a hand slide down along her spine, caressed her firm ass gently and she moaned in her sleep and stretched against him. She was like a playful little kitten, and at the same time addictive like poppy milk, he rolled them over and she woke up and squealed but he saw the light in her eyes. She was ready as ever, and understood him better than he understood himself. " My lord, you are already awake?" He nodded and nuzzled her neck, nipped at it with his front teeth and she shivered and hissed, a grin on her lips. " Indeed I am" She chuckled, a slender but strong hand slid down along his body and found what it was looking for. " And already you have arisen to the occasion, how considerate of you" He got her legs out of the way, she was still wet from their love making just a few hours earlier and he slid into place with a hearty moan. " I…aim…to please" She giggled and rocked her hips against him, this wouldn't take long, and it shouldn't. He had a council meeting to attend too, and then he had to meet some traders to discuss some new agreements. Candriel had some special mewling sounds she made when she was near and they were so darn erotic it always set him off. He felt her tense up and then she squealed in delight and shook beneath him and he let go, came so hard he was seeing stars and he roared from the very bottom of his chest. When he was able to gather his senses again he found himself laying on top of her, covered in sweat and she had wrapped her arms and legs around him as if she wasn't going to let him go. " I wish I could be awakened thus every morning." Thranduil had to snicker, he kissed her lazily and she let go with a sigh and winced as he slid out of her and sat up at her side. " Then I will become known as the only elf to ever have faded from exhaustion!" Candriel giggled and yet again she reminded him of a cat, she laid on the bed, stretched out and she was so wonderful, her honey hair like a golden river against the by now rather sticky sheets and her dark eyes playful. " Oh but you won't my king, it is I who will become too tired at the end I am sure, your strength is never coming to an end." He leaned over and kissed her cheek again. " If you say so my gem." She rolled over on her stomach, Eru how nice her ass was. " You have a council meeting today?" He nodded and put on a dressing robe. He would need a bath and some food, but the bath was the most important of those two. He did reek of sex and he wondered how the council members would react if they discovered that scent coming from their king. He had to chuckle from the images that idea conjured up within his mind. " I do, I cannot say that I am looking forward to it, but I am after all the king. It is my duty." Candriel grinned. " Remember the first time you took me? With those two guards, I wonder if the council members ever have had such fun in their lives?" Thranduil scoffed. " I bet not, they are all a bunch of pious old fools, dry as tinder and with as much energy left for other things than meddling with my affairs as a that shown off by a sleeping mole" Candriel giggled. " And some of them resemble one too." Thranduil had to laugh. " Yes, in special when I do not agree with their propositions. I remember how Failaron reacted when I didn't want to raise the taxes yet again, I have never seen an elf getting a heart attack before but I was sure he was inches away from having one. " Candriel was licking her lips. " I wonder if they are able to have fun at all, or if they spend all their time just thinking about politics." The king scoffed. " To them that is what life is all about Candriel, it is their sole joy in life, that and annoying me." She got a peculiar expression within her eyes. " Really? You think they are completely dry, devoid of any sort of urges except the urge to be a pain in your butt?" Thranduil nodded. " Yes, most certainly." Candriel sat up, she was very graceful and her grin very wicked indeed. " My lord, may I make a suggestion?" Thranduil was a bit intrigued by the flame flickering within her eyes. " Yes? " She tilted her head. " Say, if they got tempted, do you think they would give in to temptation? Or would they shun it?" Thranduil sat down again, confused and also a bit curious. " What do you mean?" Candriel had a very wicked expression on her face. " I mean that I bet I could make even the most pious old ellon forget everything about decency and self-control." Thranduil felt a surge of something that felt like excitement. " Oh you do now? Do you think you can make any ellon become so overcome with lust he will fuck you no matter what? Is that what you are saying?" Candriel grinned, her eyes dark and her expression one of someone very sure of one self. "Yes, I am sure I can" Thranduil almost purred. " I don't like to share you, but my dear, the idea is absolutely amazing. If you manage that and I just happen to see it I will have a grip on that council member he won't be able to escape." Candriel leaned against him. " You are right my king, so, do you want to bet?" He grinned widely. " Most certainly but I think there ought to be some further preconditions." She pouted. " Name them my liege" Thranduil felt excited, this ought to be interesting. " I will chose the one you are to seduce, it has to happen in a public place, most preferably the garden with the pond in the middle of the palace and somebody must be watching you and trying to avoid being detected." Candriel was purring. " Oh, you like the idea of a voyeur don't you? But fine, and I am sure you too will be watching right?" He nodded and she leaned forth and kissed his cheek. " I will do it, but if we are to bet you ought to be challenged too" He raised an eyebrow. " I do? What then?" She giggled. " You most certainly do. I bet there are a lot of very strict ellith here who could benefit from a really good tumble." He sent her a wry grin. " You think so? Alright, name your conditions my sweet." Candriel was thinking hard for a few moments." I will name the ellith you are to bed, you have to do it somewhere within the halls in a public area and she has to be loud enough for everybody to hear her but nobody must discover it is you who is causing the racket." The king chuckled. " Harsh conditions my dear, but I think I can manage yes. " Candriel nodded." And to make it interesting we both have no more than a week to finish our task" Thranduil tilted his head, feeling his heart starting to beat a bit harder with anticipation. " I accept that, what are we to bet over?" Candriel laid back upon the bed, her legs carelessly open and he groaned at the sight. She did it on purpose, he would have a hard time concentration upon the meeting and the agreement. "There is to be a feast eight days from now, the one who fail to complete their part of it will have to wear whatever the other part chooses for them, alright?" Thranduil smirked. " Fine by me, and the reward?" Candriel grinned wickedly. " The other part will have to be completely obedient to the winner for a week." The king nodded his head. " Seems reasonable, but if we both manage to do it?" Candriel sniggered. " Then we reward each other with two days in these chambers, doing whatever we wish for." He grinned and thought that two days away from his duties seemed like a glimpse of paradise. "Good idea. A very good idea." Candriel looked at him expectantly. " So, who am I to go for?" Thranduil had to think. " Uh, Failaron?" Candriel scoffed. " Thran, please, it is supposed to be a challenge remember? Everybody knows that he is one kinky ellon with an appetite for some practices I prefer not to partake in" Thranduil frowned. " Are those rumors true?!" Candriel nodded. " Oh yes, one of the other servant maidens spent the night in his rooms and she resigned from her job the next day, she didn't enjoy having to pee on somebody and she enjoyed being peed on even less" Thranduil sighed, what a mental image that conjured up, no wonder that ellon always preferred wearing slightly yellow robes. " Then he is out of the question, right, a real challenge? Lord Elhadron!" Candriel whistled and raised an eyebrow. " Now, there we have a true challenge. Alright, I am inn" Thranduil knew that Elhadron was a widower who had shunned all earthly pleasures after his wife died. The sad fact was that his wife had been a really terrible nag and the marriage had been hellish to say the least. The elleth had controlled her poor husband in every way and rumors said that he barely had been allowed to touch his wife at all and that she loved to humiliate him. If Candriel managed to awaken the libido in that ellon Thranduil was ready to bow down to her in deep respect and admiration. "So, who am I to try to seduce?" Candriel's eyes got narrow, she was thinking hard, really hard. " I thought of Lady Ferdhiniel but she is probably too easy to seduce, no, I think I have a good challenge for you my lord, what do you say about