Days of a valinorean healer Chapter one: There's no business like puke business…. Elrond was sitting by the window, looking out at the small herbal garden he kept at his small hospital, he was not pleased with it this summer. Many of the herbs were not growing as they should and he blamed the unusually warm spring. There was a lack of fresh water in many places and the farmers were in despair. The valar were busy trying to fix the problem but to no prevail. He had a few moments off and this day had been a busy one with a fractured leg, two broken teeth which had to be pulled and a toddler with a diaper rash. It was unusual with such problems since elves normally don't get sick but that one kid proved to have a very sensitive skin, and the mother had used a rather rough fabric so maybe it wasn't odd after all. His assistant and his apprentices were off to lunch and Elrond was saving some room for his wife's stew, he knew she was making stew that evening and it was normally very delicious. To say that the rest of Celebrian's cooking was delicious would be one very fat lie. She was a very good seamstress and extremely gifted at embroidery but cooking? Nope, she could make stew, and that was it. But now he sat there thinking of the one thing she did know how to make and his stomach was rumbling. Two hours left before he went home for the day and he hoped it would be two very peaceful hours, nobody had asked for a consultation and so only people with an acute problem would seek him out then. He sighed and concentrated on the papers on his little desk, an essay about the healing of spiral fractures written by some dork who hadn't seen a fracture in his entire eternal life. Elrond was reading it simply for his own entertainment, he had been laughing a few times already and was chuckling lightly when his assistant came over and knocked on the door. "My lord, you have a patient" Elrond got up, amazing, thank you and goodbye to the peaceful hours he had looked forwards to enjoying. " What sort of patient?" The assistant smiled, a rather shy smile. The young ellon had applied for the job because of his parents who saw the job as a healers assistant as a truly noble call. Unfortunately the young one didn't have the stomach to handle anything more bloody than a hangnail. So Elrond had given him a sort of desk job, he was a secretary and did the paperwork most of the time, and that suited him just fine. "A mother with an elfling, the kid is puking" Elrond smiled, oh, a simple case. Five minutes and he would be back to the essay, great. Many suffered from nausea these days since it was so hot and not all realized that even elves need to drink in the heat to stay hydrated. He followed the assistant out to the examination room where a very lovely elleth of vanyar origin sat with an almost angelic looking elfling on her lap. The kid had thick golden hair and bright blue eyes and he was plump and cute. The mother was feeding him well , Elrond could see that. The elleth smiled, and Elrond straightened himself up, he wanted to impress this one, if she spoke well of him he would get more patients. Elrond had started wearing some white robes while on the job and he had tied his hair back into a nice braid, he had discovered that the patients felt more safe when he did look clean and a bit strict. The robes were shiny white and elegant although very simple and he wore no jewelry. The young elleth wore little jewelry too, but that was normal for the vanyar, they wore their famous golden hair as jewelry and this one had her hair braided up into an intricate pattern of thin braids which formed almost a sort of web around her head and showed off her long swanlike neck. The kid wore only a pair of diapers and a thin tunic and he was squirming on her lap and sucking his thumb. "So, the little angel is throwing up?" The elleth nodded, she had a faint blush over her cheekbones and she looked a bit apologetic. " Yes, he threw up twice this morning and my mother in law insisted that I go see a healer, she is…a bit hard to resist" Elrond had to grin to himself, oh yes, he knew everything about demanding in laws. "So he hasn't puked after that?" She shook her head. "No, but he has eaten again, so I guess he is alright now?" Elrond smiled his most gentle smile, he loved elflings and this one was adorable. " I will have to check up on him of course, but I am pretty sure that he is fine since he haven't puked again, have he been drinking as he should?" The mother sent him yet another apologetic smile. "I am afraid not my lord, he is a bit …difficult and the only thing he likes to drink these days is pineapple juice and that is not easy to come by now" Elrond nodded and put a hand on the toddlers forehead, the kid looked up at him with an adorable smile and he had to admit that he rarely had seen a more lovely child anywhere. "Well, try to tempt him with moshed watermelon, mixed with crushed ice. Most kids love that" The elleth did lighten up. "Thank you my lord, oh why didn't I think of that too. " Elrond got the impression that this was one very stressed out young thing, and he had the greatest sympathy for her. He smiled to the kid. "No fever, and he does look rather happy now doesn't he?" He tickled the kid on his chin and the elfling giggled and squirmed, adorable little one. Elrond grasped the kid gently to put him on the examination table, just so the mother saw that he indeed did something and that was when it struck, like a thunderbolt from the skies. The toddler smiled widely and opened his mouth and spewed! And Elrond had seen puke before, a lot in fact but never projectile vomiting like that. The first beam of greenish liquid hit him square in the chest and the kid lifted his head slightly so the rest reached the healer in the face. And then the kid squirmed and turned his neck and his mother got the last of it all over her hairdo. Elrond couldn't let go, he put the kid down on the table and the child burped and then it puked again, a veritable fountain which covered the table, and its surroundings with a thin layer of greenish stinking puke. The mother was gasping, her eyes large as puke ran down her face and Elrond knew that his robes were no longer white, they looked more like at attempt at creating non figurative art using a dirty green color. What in Eru's name had that kid been eating? He felt the disgusting liquid running down his face and he was glad he had closed his mouth and his eyes. He wiped it off his face with his sleeve and the kid giggled and released yet another flood of filth. How could a toddler contain this much of the devilish substance? The mother was gasping for air, and Elrond knew she was getting hysterical so there was just one thing to do. He called for his assistant since the apprentices hadn't returned yet. "Calorno, please, take this lady to the bath, she needs to get cleaned up" Calorno entered the room, saw the mayhem and turned around on his heel as if he had discovered that Morgoth stood in the corner, wielding his great hammer. Elrond heard the unmistakable sounds of retching and shook his head, great, he had to do it all by himself. " I will show you the way my lady, then I will deal with the puking. It is obvious that he has eaten something…rather volatile" He carried the elfling with him to the bath and the elleth was shaking all over, to shocked to be able to talk. Elrond elegantly snatched something from her hair, or rather, the goo covering it. It was some sort of chewed leaf and he sighed and smiled, knowing he looked rather peculiar covered in goo. "Do you have a garden my lady?" The elleth looked at the pool with desperate longing, it was apparent that the idea of being covered with sick was enough to almost make her pass out. "No, but my mother in law does? How come?" Elrond sent her a rather sardonic grin. "Well, you can tell your mother in law that she is the cause of this, she has to keep an eye on this one all the time, which she cannot have done." He showed her the leaf. "This herb here causes nausea and intense stomach spasms, we use it to purge the stomach of people who have ingested poison by mistake. It is very efficient, as you can see" The elleth just stared and then she went beet red and bright white. " Oh that….bitch, I am gonna have a long chat with her when I come home, a long chat indeed. She constantly claims that I am an awful mother, but apparently she has left my child unsupervised in her garden? Oh she is gonna hear it!" Elrond just grinned and left her to clean up, then he gave the elfling some medicine to calm the stomach which the kid swallowed without complaining and he shook his head. No doubt about the mother's wrath, it would be monumental. The vanyar wives did live for their offspring and were extremely protective of them. Elrond did wash off in a bowl of water and changed his robes, the ones he had been wearing had to be burned for sure, they couldn't be cleaned. The elfling sat smiling on the table, the only one not visibly distraught by the incident and he wondered which of his apprentices he should give the honorable task of washing the entire room. It had to be done, it smelled like the bowels of hell there now and Calorno had sought refuge in the outhouse where he was bidding his breakfast a very fond farewell judging by the sounds. The elleth managed to get the filth out of her hair and dress, and left with a hard expression within her eyes, one mother in law was getting what she deserved very soon and Elrond commanded that the apprentices were to wash the room together. All three of them joined Calorno in the outhouse several times before the job was done. Elrond sighed, the thought of his wife's stew weren't that tempting anymore, but he had to eat, or else she would get very annoyed. Well, the day was almost over so an hour or so of reading and he would have an appetite yet again. It wasn't as if he was unaccustomed to disgusting sights and scents, he was used to almost everything. He sat down and started reading and had gotten into the right mood again when he heard the sound of a galloping horse coming from the street outside. He frowned, oh no, this sounded like some serious thing, maybe someone was injured? He got up and the horse stopped outside of his hospital and before long he did hear running feet and a tall elf wearing very nice clothes ran into the reception room. He was pale and gasping for air, it was obvious that he had been riding very hard. Elrond had managed to find a new set of white