Hi, everyone, this is my first public story. I hope you all enjoy. It's set in the Second Age, sometime after the forging of the Ring and before the downfall of Numenor. I'm very familiar with the material in Tolkien's (more) finished works and this draws very heavily on material from the Silamrillion . However, I know pretty much nil about material in the Lost Tales so, if this contradicts something there, please be understanding. A quick note on pronouns: A number of characters in the story believe Sauron to be a God and, therefore, capitalized pronouns are used to refer to him when the story is told from the point of view of these characters. But, when it is told from the point of view of those, like himself or the Lord of the Nazul, who don't hold this view, at least not in the same way, capitals are not used. Sorry if this is confusing. I just didn't want anyone to think I was sloppy with my pronouns. Chapter one is mostly just introducing the characters and setting the scene so try to be patient if it seems a little slow out of the gate-I've been called a long winded writer by some... Chapter One "I'm so sorry children," Roanhild whispered sadly. "We have nothing but dried fish and cram for dinner." The youngest two girls made weak cries of protest, laying their hands on their empty bellies. The rest were too weary or too polite to say anything. Only Morwena, the eldest, looked at her mother with sad sympathy. "Don't complain," she scolded gently, ruffling the hair of her little sisters. "It will only make your mother feel bad and she's tried her hardest. There's simply not much money to be made as a laundress." The children murmured their apologies with bowed heads, then bent to gnawing hungrily at their food. Even with the bowls of hot water to soak it in, the food was so tough they could hardly bite into it. The family lived in a hovel of mud and straw several days journey north of the port of Umbar. Like all others in the region, they worshiped Lord Sauron of Mordor, entreating Him to bring rain for their crops and grass for their herds, to make their lives slightly less miserable. To this end, every year, they made a blood sacrifice on an altar of packed mud in the center of the village. It was not a death sacrifice for they were too poor to spare a pair of hands to work or a beast whose carcass could be eaten. Instead, one of the villagers, usually a virgin girl, would have the palm of her hand cut open and mark the altar with her blood while singing a hymn of praise to the High God. Morwena had once done this duty and treasured the scars she carried from it as a mark of high honor. All the people in the lands about worshiped Lord Sauron as well but, far away, at the ends of the earth, it was said, were people who defied His rightful sovereignty, terribly tall elves with shining eyes and the mortals who had been deluded into serving them. The Lord made war against them to force them to see the error of their ways and to this war had gone Morwena's father, proud to do his duty just as his daughter had been at her blood sacrifice, and, in the end, he had not returned, giving his life for his Lord and His cause. Though, in the meantime, he had brought back many stories of the strange and wonderful places he had seen, as well as trinkets as gifts for his eldest and favorite daughter. Morwena treasured them all, but what fascinated her the most were his descriptions of Mordor itself, seat of the Lord Sauron. Not that her father had ever seen Him but he had seen His tower, shining black, like glass covered with hooks and barbs and she felt a fierce longing to see if for herself. But there was no chance of that for, after her father's death, things became even more difficult for the family. Long after the children had gone to bed, Morwena and Roanhild sat staring morosely into the fire as they twisted wool into coarse yarn. "This cannot go on," said Morwena at last, breaking the silence reluctantly. "I know, I know," her mother replied bitterly. "But how can I support six children just by doing laundry?" There was an uncomfortable pause. "Did you do as I advised?" "Oh, aye. I've lain with the head of our poverty stricken village and lain with him again. I doubt he will show us more favor than the half dead sheep he let us take from his field in the spring." Roanhild rung her hands. "What shall we do?" she cried. "It is simple, Mother. I must go to work. I've been thinking about this for a long time." "But there is no work in this village." "There is work elsewhere in Middle Earth. If I leave, you will have one less mouth to feed, even if I can't send any money back to you." "But…" "I shall go to Mordor, there is always work there." "I hate to think of you toiling under the brutal conditions in the fields or in the mines." "I must do what I must. Perhaps I shall not work in the fields or the mines. My father was killed in our Lord Sauron's wars. Perhaps, He will give us compensation." "He will not. We are far too lowly to be worthy of the Great Lord Sauron's pity." "Nevertheless, I will do what I may," said Morwena stoutly. Even as she spoke of practical matters, she felt a great desire to go and see the land from which all the known world was ruled, to behold the Dark Tower, and, if it might be, to look upon the face of the One who, since birth, she had been taught to worship like a God. "But the journey alone is so dangerous, even if there were hope it would work." "But I must try…" "At least wait until next spring. Maybe something will have happened by then." "As you wish," replied Morwena with averted eyes. Black smoke spiraled upwards from the mountain of fire, hanging dark over the plains of Gorgorth. Far up the side of Barad Dur, huge and heavy iron spikes thrust upwards like wicked claws. The Lord of the Nazgul leaned against the shinny curved surface of one, gazing pensively across to Ororduine with his unseen eyes. Beside him crouched a small, pathetic looking creature, half bat, half lizard, scrabbling with its claws against the smooth metal. It let out a frightened croaking cry and huddled against his leg, its wings making a dry rasping sound as it shivered in the cold wind of the upper reaches. "Patience my pet," the lord of the Nazgul reached down to caress the mottled leathery skin of its head. "My Lord Sauron promises that, if you stay strong and healthy, some day you will ride this wind and be the greatest thing ever to fly the high airs. Yea, greater even than the cruel eagles who slew your kin." Comforted, the beast nestled against his leg and made a hoarse chirping noise. The Lord of the Nazgul reached into his belt pouch and pulled some fresh slabs of Uruk flesh, which he pressed into the creature's toothed beak. "And, my pet," he leaned closer to whisper conspiratorially. "when you grow large enough, you can eat any woman who dares to strike you." Morwena stirred restlessly in bed and pulled herself to wakefulness. Very carefully, to ensure that she did not wake the two of her sisters who shared her bed, she eased out from under the blanket and dropped her feet to the frozen floor. Cold shot through her like the stab of a blade, but she dared not flinch. The fire was sunk to glowing red embers and, in the dim light, she put on warm clothes and packed enough cram and dried fish to last a week. She dared not take more from her family and of money she could bring herself to take none at all. She did take a small bag of her personal possessions, small medallions, little animals, and other odd items of wood and metal that her father had either carved for her himself or brought back from his travels with the army. They were of little use to anyone beyond the sentimental value they held for her, so she need not feel bad about taking them. She also took her father's dagger, the only piece of his war gear that had been returned to the family. Opening the door a crack, she saw that the sky was graying but dawn was still a couple of hours off. Good, it would give her time to get some distance away before the search began. It broke her heart to trick her mother like this but Roanhild had already held her back for a year and half and, during that time, both the family's situation and Morwena's personal restlessness had only grown worse and worse. She secretly suspected that her mother would never allow her to leave voluntarily. After all, she had ever resorted to having Morwena pawn her virginity in an attempt to keep her daughter with her. All that day, Morwena trekked over the barren ground, with clumps of stiff, saw-edged grass the only growing things to be seen. She ate as she walked, nibbling gingerly at the hard cram, and sipping from her skin of brackish water that she had filled at the muddy stream by the village. The sun beat down, turning her hair into a hot and sticky net and the heavy cloak she had brought against the night chill seemed almost to burn in its roll on her shoulders. But the sun was also a gift because she could use it to take direction from in the featureless land and she headed steadily northeast the entire day. When the sun set and she could no longer see her way, she cast herself down on the ground, a sharp, rough tumble of stones and dirt clods, and, pausing only long enough to wrap her cloak around herself, immediately sank into a exhausted sleep. She woke the next morning, stiff and sore from sleeping on the hard ground in the chill. But, after a brief prayer, forced her wooden limbs to move once more and soon the motion and the heat of the sun loosened them again, as she continued her journey. In the weeks and months that followed, she made her way northwards any way she could, sometimes at no more than a crawl. At first she made good time for, though the endless trek was wearying, Morwena had worked hard all her life and knew how to draw strength from a deep well within her, a thing much easier to do now that the purpose of the journey drove her then it had been back home when all she had to inspire her was laundry, wood cutting, and preparing the few bland and watery morsels her family could afford. But, by the end of the seven days, her food was gone. Even stretching it painfully thin, there was no way she could make it last longer. And so she must find others to journey with, for they were the only source of food in these wilds. She should be far enough from her home village by now that it was safe for her to go back to the road. So, she turned her steps more sharply to the east, making towards the worn path like a pale scar that wound across the broken earth. She had always kept her self aware of where it lay, in preparation for this eventual need