Trichophilia Summary: Trichophilia: 1. A paraphilia in which one is sexually aroused by, or extremely fond of, human hair. 2. Any hair-related fetish. Edwards' girlfriends have all had one thing in common; super long brown hair. It's been his obsession since childhood. What happens when the girl who first sparked his Trichophilia returns? Chapter 1 At five and a half years old, Edward Cullen was in love. His kindergarten teacher noticed first. Pointing to the crayon drawing of two stick figures holding hands, one with short red hair and one wearing a white dress with long brown locks that reached the ground, all surrounded by tiny hearts, she asked, "Edward, is that your mom?" Edward looked up at her as if she'd lost her mind. "No, you can't marry your mom! That's my babysitter." Every child was happy at the end of the school day, but none more than Edward. He bobbed out of line, looking for her face, trying his hardest not to break out of the queue to run to her faster. Yesterday she'd worn those big sun glasses, her long brown hair blowing across her pale skin and red lips. The short jean skirt and the striped tights stretching up her legs were his favorites. His favorite-favorite was when they both dressed up for Halloween, her hair wrapped in two buns as Princess Leia, he in a furry costume she'd made with a hooded vest and satchel so he could be his favorite Star Wars character, Wicket the Ewok. He wanted to wear their costumes every day, but she told him, "Then it wouldn't be special." He was too shy to tell her that every day with her was special. As soon as he spotted her, he'd yell "Princess Leia!" She'd kneel down to give him a hug then hold his hand out to the parking lot. He held his drawing carefully to give to her, both gift and confession. A while ago her ex-boyfriend had come by the house on a black motorcycle. His worn leather jacket and black mustache scared Edward but she'd yelled at the man on the motorcycle and told him not to come back. Edward needed her to know that he'd be her boyfriend, her friend-friend, her everything. But she wasn't there. Among the moms, grandmas and nannies picking up his friends stood his father, looking out of place in his blue scrubs. Edward stalled, looking to either side, hoping she'd be running down the sidewalk, like she'd had two other times, saying "Sorry Ewok, my truck wouldn't start!" Catching her breath she'd hug him, asking, "Will you forgive me?" Silly question. Of course he'd forgive her. He loved her. No one was running up the sidewalk or standing by the car. He stopped in front of his father. "Why are you here?" "Your sitter had an emergency. Let's go." Turning to the lot, his father started walking to the car. Edward caught up, his hand stretched out. "You're supposed to hold my hand." His dad shouldn't be picking him up from school if he couldn't remember a simple rule. Sighing, he consoled himself with the thought that Princess Leia would be back tomorrow or at worst the next day. But she didn't come back. The next day and for the rest of the school year, a white haired woman with soft doughy hands held his as they crossed to the parking lot. This new babysitter didn't even know what an Ewok was. Eighteen Years Later For some reason his mother felt his two week summer break was the perfect time to scan all their old photographs into her computer. She was babbling over dinner last night about photobooks one of the women in her office had made. Edward imagined endless embarrassing moments; since he was an only child, without vanity he expected most of the photos were of him and his childish exploits. Some pre-work had been done, Esme's neat print labeled several folders. He couldn't help but open the one labeled 'Girlfriends'. As he flipped through the images, he became conscious of a theme running through all his beaus. Every single one had long, brown hair. He'd started dating Alice when they were both 15. Listening to music in her room, he enjoyed brushing her waist length brown hair, as much as he enjoyed kissing her. They never got any farther. For her 16th birthday her mother took her on a shopping trip to New York City where she also got a makeover at some famous hair salon on 5th avenue. As soon as Edward saw Alice's chopped short hairdo, he dumped her. He probably should have waited until they were home from the airport. Freshman year he was locked out of his room by a 'busy' roommate and spotted a flyer taped in the dorm hallway for a poetry slam. He wasn't much for poetry but was captivated by a poet, Victoria. She was dressed in black from her Doc Marten boots to her torn and pinned-back-together-with-safety-pins mini dress. He ignored her clothes, the barbed wire tattoos around her arm and neck, the two dozen piercings, too enraptured was he by her almost black brown hair that swept down in waves to her ass. Again, playing with her hair, creating elaborate braided hairstyles was their foreplay. Victoria didn't have a job, didn't go to school, yet seemed to have unlimited funds. Six months into their relationship she called Edward, ranting that her mother was going to 'cut her off if changes weren't made.' When she pulled up at Edwards' dorm, he recognized the BMW convertible, but not the red haired woman stepping out of it. He couldn't look at her face, he only had eyes for her long hair—hair that was now the wrong color. "She made you dye your hair?" He reached out a hand but couldn't bring himself to touch it. Victoria wrapped herself around Edward, apparently not noticing that he didn't return the embrace. He could see the top of her ear, for the first time, without a single earring. "She was going to take my car and stop my allowance. She made me go back to my natural color. I look hideous!" "You do." Edward pushed her away from his body. He didn't realized what a diligent waxer she was, he'd never noticed a single red thread in her 'carpet.' "What?" Victoria stared at him, her mouth hanging open. It did not improve her look. "I can't," Edward backed away, then turned at a full run to his dorm, shouting over his shoulder, "We're done!" When he met Jessica at the gym, he was careful. As a pre-med major he didn't have much spare time; he didn't want to waste it on a girl who would only desecrate what had attracted him to her in the first place. Standing on the elliptical machine next to the treadmill she used, he examined the part in her hair several times over the course of three weeks to make sure her stunning brunette locks were not chemically created. Satisfied, he invited her to join him at the juice bar. "Spinach, greek yogurt and guava are excellent for your hair," he said in what he hoped would be a conversational tone after he ordered a smoothie containing all of those ingredients. "So's salmon, but I'm not getting that in my drink." Jessica shook her head, the waves of hair swishing around her. "Do you think I need it? Don't you like my hair?" "I love your hair." He took her question as an invitation, and he stroked from her scalp to the soft ends, his cock responding as if he were stroking her bare skin. Smiling, she bent her neck back, giving the illusion of an extra half foot of hair. "Would you ever…" He didn't even like to say the word, but he had to know. "Cut it?" When she didn't answer, he filled in the silence. "I mean, if you were going to donate your hair for 'Locks of Love' or something?" She still looked confused, so he explained. "It's an organization that collects hair to make into wigs for children with diseases that cause hair loss." "No." She smoothed back her hair with both hands. "I've worked too hard for this hair and this body to just give it away." She pushed out her, admittedly, very nice round breasts, running her hand down from her head to her ass. "Don't you think?" He couldn't think, he could only feel that at last he'd found the perfect woman for him. She was never going to cut her hair. He didn't mind the hours she spent in the gym, at least it gave her something to do while he was studying. She was also extremely flexible, allowing for several sexual positions where he could achieve penetration while holding onto her hair with both hands. Those stolen hours were bliss. It happened on a Saturday. Running through the park Jessica, wearing a hot pink sports bra and tiny Spandex shorts, ran slightly ahead of him, the better for him to appreciate the sway of her high ponytail and tight thighs. Stopping for water they watched a pregnant mother pushing a stroller with a sleeping toddler inside, the woman pausing to cover the boy with a little blue blanket, her enormous stomach bumping into the stroller. Edward was about to mention how sweet the scene was but Jessica spoke first. "Disgusting, ugh. I can't watch that." Jessica turned around and stretched slowly, Edward thought, needlessly arching her back so her boobs was better displayed. The mother and the stroller continued down the path. When Edward was sure they were out of earshot, he asked Jessica, "Don't you want to have kids?" "You're kidding." She slapped her six pack abs. "And ruin all this?" She cupped her breasts. "And let these get all saggy? No way, no how." He waited until the next day, to see if he could rid himself of the dream of little brown-haired children and a mother who knelt down to hug them, before he broke up with Jessica. He flipped over the last picture. Angela was a fourth year med student specializing in anesthesiology. He'd been careful, examining her hair, pointing out small children and pregnant ladies to a favorable response, and inquiring delicately how she felt about short hair. "I grew up on Hawaii, and I always loved the long hair of the Hula dancers. I used to Hula when I was little." Which led to a request for an authentic hula dance, which involved her wearing only a grass skirt and a few flowers, her sensuous long straight hair skimming her hips as she danced. That was one of the more erotic moments of his life, not captured in any photograph but burned in his memory. Angela could cook too, roast pork and at least ten dishes involving pineapple and/or macadamia nuts. She was perfect, until that Saturday. She buckled her seat belt and waited until he was in the car. "Where are we going?" "It's a surprise." Edward beamed. He'd bought tickets weeks ago, as soon as he'd heard about the showing of all three of the original Star Wars movies, in the new theater with the comfy seats. It wasn't easy to clear the day so they both could go, but he'd begged and bribed people as needed to make it happen. He'd wanted to wrestle up some costumes, but that would have ruined the surprise. He brought tee-shirts they could slip on. Hers had a picture of Princess Leia holding a weapon with the words, 'I don't know where you get your delusions, laser brain!' Edward's shirt looked like Chewbacca's chest with an ammo belt slung across on the diagonal. He intentionally left his hair extra wild for the event. "I'm kind of hungry babe, does this surprise involve food?" "Sure thing Princess." He couldn't wait. There would be a short