To Save A Friend From Drowning By Sarah-K1 (Write Sister #1) Rating: PG Timeframe: Pre-FOTR Disclaimer: The recognizable characters and places in this story are the property of JRR Tolkien, borrowed without permission and used without pay. Summary: Legolas and Aragorn have a great many things in common, and drowning is about to be one of them. Written for the Teitho contest 'Games People Play' (requiring the inclusion of the line: 'In learning you will teach, and in teaching you will learn.') ––––––––– ––––––––– "You brought a book?" Elrohir squawked ( if , Legolas thought wryly, an elf could be said to 'squawk' ). "I happen to like reading." Elladan slung his arm around Legolas' shoulder, his index finger tapping the cover of 'The Lay of Beren and Tinuviel', "Poetry is for rainy days or tedious evenings by the fire, not warm summer afternoons with a tempting lake in full view." Legolas put on his most severe 'Prince of Mirkwood' expression. "'Tempting', in this case, means 'absolutely frigid'. I happen to be at a perfectly comfortable temperature already and furthermore: just because neither of you can understand poetry, doesn't mean the rest of us must feign disgust with it to make you feel better!" Behind the three elves, Estel choked on a laugh. Elrohir tossed his younger brother a wry scowl and sighed in resignation. "Oh, very well. If you're going to be snobbish – and after all the trouble we took to bring you up here – then that's fine by me! We shall dive the clear blue depths and you shall sit and swelter on the shore." "I am not hot!" Legolas reiterated firmly. The twins distained to wade in slowly, preferring to run out upon a great boulder that hung out over the lake's edge and jump in over their heads at once. Their graceful dives were marred by the immediate splash battle that ensued. The day was truly hot, and the sultry air lay thick and unmoving over the slowly baking hillsides. Even back in Rivendell, in the house of Elrond himself, there were no breezes to stir the trees and the elves had mostly contented themselves with quiet activities indoors. Not so Lord Elrond's sons. They had dragged a protesting Legolas along through the heat up out of the valley to this hidden retreat of theirs. The wide lake was blue as the cloudless sky above, with the Misty Mountains reflected in crystal clarity on its surface. Admittedly beautiful, it sent a slight shiver up Legolas' spine. He looked away, finding himself watching his human friend instead. Estel was quietly removing his boots, setting them neatly together with his vest and tunic in a pile. In terms of time, as elves perceived it, Legolas had only just met the man. Shared experiences had done what time could not have managed so quickly: built a bridge of understanding between their souls. Still, when it came to knowing Estel, knowing Aragorn, he realized there were a great many things he did not yet understand. Had they ever talked about Estel's childhood? About the future king's current standing with the Dunedain? He had often wondered, but never asked the man, why he never slept with his bedroom door closed. And why, when Estel had come down with chills the previous winter, had he lied about being unwell until the illness entered his lungs and nearly killed him? It was an action quite beyond Legolas' comprehension. The realization that Estel was gazing at him expectantly shook him from his musings. "I'm sorry," he apologized, guessing the man was waiting for a response from him, "I didn't hear you. What did you say?" "I didn't, yet," the young man shook his head. "I was about to tell you, though, that if you don't mean to swim, your best chance of cooling down would probably be to sit under those trees." He pointed to a shady place under a stand of oaks a little ways away from the lake. Mechanically, Legolas repeated, "I told you, I'm not hot." Estel's head tilted a little as he regarded the elf, and Legolas was acutely aware of all the places up his back where his silken under tunic was clinging stickily to his sweaty skin. The human grinned a little, though it was almost wistful. "You're a bad liar." With a last shrug of 'suit yourself', he walked down to the edge of the boulder, seemed to grimace for a moment, then executed a near-perfect imitation of his brothers' earlier dives. "I am not hot!" Legolas said aloud again to no one in particular, feeling disgusted with himself all over again. As if to prove his words true, he took his book and strode determinedly to the boulder, sitting down cross-legged on it in full sun and bending his golden head over the pages. On the one hand it was pleasant to be this near the three brothers in the water, listening to their joking and splashing, but the occasional spray of cool water on his cheek served to remind him just how scorching the sun was on his shoulders. The hours dragged on and the words danced on the page… it was making him light-headed… A little dizzily, he set the book aside, trying to focus on the far off slopes of Caradhras. Even now there was snow on its high peak, visible through the liquid distortions of heat blur in the air. Without warning, a cool, wet hand suddenly closed around his wrist, there came a gleeful shout in his ear, and he was jerked to the side and over the edge of the boulder. There was a breathless moment, and then a splash that echoed through his eardrums and the water closed over his head. He was sinking, and sinking… there was nothing beneath his feet, he had no air in his lungs. Given a second of preparation, he might have floated back by instinct, but when he opened his mouth in shock at the cold, water gushed in and choked him. Dimly he saw his hair waving about him like pale weeds, and he could feel his arms flailing with increasing sluggishness at this icy shroud that had wrapped itself firmly around his body. The water slowly expanded between him and the surface, but he had no thoughts outside of panic and a creeping sense of darkness. There was a rushing sound in his waterlogged ears, and a rough pain across his chest as something suddenly wrapped beneath his arms and ended his descent with a jerk. He was hurrying upward now, feeling the occasional brush of paddling legs as someone pulled him towards the sunlight glittered surface. They broke into the air, and Legolas immediately began to cough in a way that felt as if his chest were being torn open. The pressure across his torso – an arm, it must be – pulled him to the shallows and helped him stagger up to collapse on the grassy shore. He was still coughing, expelling the water from his lungs and feeling the lead settle into his limbs as the adrenaline left him. Distantly he could hear an echoing jumble of words. "– he doing! Trying to kill himself?" an exasperated voice, but worried. A breathless, panting voice, very close in his ear, "I told you to leave him alone, Elrohir!" "Now wait, Estel, it's not El's fault," a third voice, "we play around with Legolas all the time." "It's true; he must have been pulled down. What was he wearing in his boots? Iron weights?" "He wasn't too heavy." The panting voice was firm, and Legolas could feel calloused fingers pulling his wet hair away from his face. "Then what on Middle Earth–?" "He sank like a stone, Estel–" " He can't swim! " Now the lead was in Legolas' stomach too. He wished he could pass out, but his body was finally beginning to slow back to its normal rhythm. One could not be Prince of Mirkwood and run away, no matter how humiliating the mess. Taking a deep breath, he pushed himself up to a sitting position, feeling Estel's arm around his shoulders helping to balance him as he reached a shaky hand up to wipe the water from his eyes. "Elrohir," he rasped ( and yes, he decided, it was definitely a rasp ), "you are in serious trouble now." He coughed, fighting for levity and an appropriately mock-ferocious expression. "In the deep of night when you hear a rattling at your bedroom window and feel the soft tickle of roaches crawling on your toes and in your hair, you will know I have just left." It worked. The twins lost their anxious expressions and began to laugh. "I'm so sorry, Legolas," Elrohir chuckled, patting the wood elf apologetically. "I promise I wasn't trying to drown you; I'd never have done it if I'd known. And I thought you were playing with us and staying under on purpose." "It's a good thing Estel went after you at once or you would have swallowed half the lake," Elladan grinned. Legolas made himself laugh along, doing a creditable job, he thought. Estel was being strangely silent, though he smiled a little at the twins' jokes. Elrohir sank onto the grass, propping himself up casually on his elbows. "How did you manage to go a thousand years without swimming lessons? I mean, I know Silvan elves are generally backwards, but–" Elladan kicked him jokingly, and he kicked his twin lightly back. "–you're usually better than most when it comes to refined arts." "Swimming is a refined art?" "You know what I mean. You can fire a bow straight, you can sing, you read poetry (though the refinement of that particular pastime is still under debate) – why not swimming?" Legolas shrugged, swallowing a little. "We don't have any lakes in Mirkwood, and I've never had any cause to leap into Esgaroth. Of the two rivers we have, one will send you to sleep the instant you touch it." Elladan snorted. "Excuses, excuses. What about the other river? It runs directly beneath the palace – surely warm days occur in Mirkwood too. Don't tell us Legolas Greenleaf, slayer of orcs, wargs, spiders, and other fiends of darkness is afraid of water!" "Very well, I won't." "You mean you are ?" Elrohir hooted. "Ideal fodder for blackmail! Imagine what Glorfindel will say when we tell him…" "Elrohir, I'm not afraid of water." "You are such a bad liar." Was everyone determined to tell him that today! "Really, Legolas, this is quite extraordinary! The weak spot in your image!" Elladan grinned evilly. "Do you know how many times Glorfindel has regaled us with your daring exploits whenever we weren't inclined to try new things during our warrior training?" Elrohir sighed. "'Prince Legolas roped his first spider at age sixty', and 'Prince Legolas used to vault between eight hundred-foot tall trees', and 'You know what else Prince Legolas–?'" Legolas opened his mouth for another feeble protest, but was prevented. "Alright, that's enough," Estel said suddenly, rising to his feet and pulling Legolas up with him. Elladan scowled melodramatically. "Oh, but come, Estel! This is too good an opportunity to pass up–" The human smiled pleasantly. "You had better pass it up all the same. If not, I fear I shall let slip (ahem) to Glorfindel about that time you both oiled the back of his horse – even a sparrow could not have mounted it without falling off. Imagine what awful revenge might then fall upon you…" Now Elrohir scowled, getting huffily to his feet. "Little brothers always fight unfairly." Estel bowed with a wide grin. "I use what methods I can. Believe me, when there are as few as you leave open to me, it's a wonder I win as often as I do." The twins laughed at that, ruffling his hair and then moving to slip on their clothes and boots.