Authors note: So, I've finally gotten round to rewriting this story. To answer a question in my reviews, yes I am aiming to rewrite all of my chapters. Though I can confidently say that nothing major is changing and the story line won't be altered drastically, if at all, I feel like this story needs more detail. Plus I wrote this about 3 years ago, so my writing style has changed and, in my opinion, improved. It is still not perfect, and probably won't ever be, but it is a lot better. Because of this, I suggest you read this story like it isn't completed and check often (every two weeks-ish?) for the next rewritten chapter. Summary: Days after the Giant War had ended, Alyssa Jackson volunteered for clean-up duty at Camp Half-Blood. What she didn't expect though, was her half-brother Triton to make his presence known. With the news that someone had stolen from their Father, Alyssa is thrown through yet another hoop. Poseidon has asked his two children for their aid in retrieving what had been taken, but can Triton and Alyssa work together? Are they going to bond? Or is a fight going to ensue like the last time they met? FemPercy/Triton Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or The Heroes of Olympus Series. Rating: Currently 'T' Note: This is a Fem!Percy story. Pairing: Fem!PercyxTriton. ΣΩΘΔ In the underwater palace of Atlantis everyone was celebrating. On land, it was finally the end of the war with Gaea. She had finally been defeated, forced to surrender to the tantalizing lure of sleep. The Earth Mother was vanquished - put to dust - by none other than King Poseidon's daughter, Alyssa Jackson. Of course, there were issues down in Atlantis whilst the war was raging earlier - with Polybotes around it wasn't exactly peaceful. Yet, King Poseidon and High Prince Triton made it back safely - not that they could die, but the merpeople worried ever-so-much. Leisurely, Poseidon and Triton strode through the parted crowd; reveling in the attention they gained. Queen Amphitrite accompanied her family, meeting them halfway to gracefully claim their thrones. The sound of cheers dominated the hall, and the three deities smiled broadly. Yet, despite their gracious grins, concern scratched at the surface of each individual mind. Distress chortled Poseidon's stomach, an overwhelming sense of nausea cutting through him in one fluid motion as he thought of his daughter. Forced to bare the sole responsibility of many retched decisions, Alyssa had endure the most traumatic of experiences during the war. She and Jason Grace, the Son of Jupiter, together, were the storm that the prophecy spoke of: Greek and Roman, they brought Gaea down. Pride swelled for Alyssa, but Poseidon couldn't help but notice her lack thereof. She did not seemed pleased, no pride or satisfaction upon her face as the Demigods received their rewards. She appeared distant and unconcerned, and Poseidon was sure her eyes had finally witnessed too much bloodshed. Joy swelled for Triton, a sense of satisfaction surging through his veins. He smile for the merpeople whom cheered at their success, but in truth, he was disturbed. He was happy the war was over, that not a lot of damage had been inflicted upon his home, and that he could soon resume his normal life, but he had lingerings of paranoia and anger of which he didn't understand. Maybe it was the shock of seeing Polybotes again after the events of last time. Yet even as they destroyed him, the nauseated feeling all beings related to the sea felt when in Polybotes presence still continued its onslaught upon his system. He'd also seen his half-sister Alyssa again and Triton wasn't exactly sure how to process her - betrayal from his father definitely, but she was his first daughter and so unlike his father's demigod sons. One of her many near-death experiences had an unforeseen impact upon him; a rush of protectiveness had swung down and staked its claim, and he couldn't quite get the image or the sensation it brought out of his head. He didn't care for her and he certainly didn't like her, but the image still made him squirm. Queen Amphitrite was smiling the brightest, but she was also hiding the most. Whilst her husband and son went topside to battle, she had stayed behind to fight - to rid Atlantis of the scorn Polybotes had sent down. Yet as they fought, no one could remain, their home was left vulnerable. And of course, someone had exploited that. Vile and traitorous, there opposition remained until the last, as stolen from their chambers was something of extreme importance. It was something that only she, Poseidon and Triton knew existed, and it had vanished right under her nose. She couldn't tell anyone for there would be chaos, but she knew she shouldn't keep it to herself - that she couldn't keep it to herself. It would be impossible. ΣΩΘΔ Early hours of the morning. ΣΩΘΔ Alyssa sat comfortably on top of her building roof, a complete view of the dazzling night sky before her. She had been sat there for hours, now, merely observing the indigo sky. She had climbed out of her bedroom window and onto the fire escape, going right up to the top for just a glimpse of the stars. Alyssa loved the stars - they were so bright and intriguing. Although she'd never admit it aloud, she was actually rather jealous of them. They had not a care in the world. They remained in one place and shined down on humanity brightly. She desired there company greatly, to be up there in the presence of Zoe Nightshade; times were much simpler then. Despite her affection, Alyssa had also come out to grieve. Many campers, Roman and Greek, were lost in battle. Sadly, the number of dead included of Reyna, the Stoll brothers, Drew, Chris, Malcolm, Octavian and many, many more. Truthfully, the fight hadn't been fair at first: the demigods, Cyclopses and Gods vs. Gaea, the Titans, Giants and monsters. Fortunately, once most of the Giants were defeated and sent back to Tartarus with no escape, the fight became more even and the odds grew in their favor. Alyssa, herself had destroyed two giants during the fight – although she nearly died both times. She fought her father's bane, Polybotes, with him and Triton, as well as Hermes's bane with the said God and Leo. They had won with their dignity intact, but still they suffered many losses and Alyssa was devastated. The opposing side announced their surrender as soon as the giants and Gaea were destroyed. What was left of them knew that they would not remain alive should they continue - that if they went up against determined, angry Gods and rage-ridden demigods, they would surely not survive. With a sigh, Alyssa stood and carefully climbed back down the fire escape, taking herself back into her bedroom. She was back at home with her mother and Paul, only for a single night, but she relished in the stolen time. Perhaps promising Chiron and Mr. D her aid in cleaning and restoring camp was not wise in her current state, but she'd be damned if she simply sat back. Gaea had sent many monsters to attack her camp, resulting in it being almost completely destroyed, and boy, did that make her blood boil. ΣΩΘΔ Alyssa P.O.V ΣΩΘΔ I climbed down carefully from the Building's roof and silently made my way into my room. Coming home today was an exhausting experience, and although my mother, Paul and I spent some long awaited time with each other, I was desperately in need of my own quiet time. They wanted to hear everything, from the time I'd gone missing, to the point of my return, and reluctantly, I told them. I figured that with the amount they worried for me and with the length of time of my absence stretching to over a year, that they deserved to know the grisly details. They'd expect nothing less. The only thing we did not speak of was the final battle. The events had only taken place yesterday, and the wounds were extremely fresh – both physically and mentally. Fortunately, I had only minor cuts and bruising left. Apollo had healed most of my injuries from when I obtained four broken ribs - courtesy of Zeus's bane. Pain radiated around my entire head as I collapsed on my bed with a groan. A nightmare had woken me up a little over two hours ago, but it wasn't a demigod dream - merely after shock from the war, and with it accompanied a torturous headache. Sadly, despite how exhausted I felt, I knew I wouldn't be able to fall back asleep. With a sideways glance, my eyes fell upon the clock which graced the bedside table. I groaned - it was only 4:00 A.M. Apollo wouldn't be lighting up the sky for another few hours. Sighing, I stood up and began changing clothes. Being bored had never really been my forte, and so long as I was awake, I figured I'd go for a jog. Being a lone teenage girl in the early hours of the morning in New York City was most likely not the wisest idea, yet nothing belonging to the mortal world really scared me anymore. Once I was outside, I relished in the satisfaction of my run; demigods were forced to run a lot due to monster attacks, and it was somewhat refreshing to know that, for once, nothing was chasing me. ΣΩΘΔ Later at camp. ΣΩΘΔ Graciously complying with Paul's request to accompany, Chiron flashed my mother and I a brief smile before falling back as we whispered our goodbyes. "You've got everything you need?" Sally fraternized, hands retracting from my zip once she'd maneuvered it up as far as it could possibly go. "All of your clothes? Your weapons?" "Yes, mom." I could see Chiron smiling from the corner of my eyes; a kind smile, none-judgemental, yet having been bathed in a pool of sadness. He probably didn't get to witness such happy families often. "I love you both." All said and done, I whisked myself away. Silently grazing my finger-tips along the polished metal of the golden dragon, Chiron turned once he was certain I'd follow. Although we made our way into camp in a relatively comfortable silence, every now and then I could feel Chiron's gaze on me; hazel eyes searching, studying, checking to see if I was still there, if I was still me. I wasn't really known for my ability to remain quiet - not even after the war against Kronos. Approaching the campfire; the once grand replica of Hestia's beautifully carved hearth, I stifled a cry of grief at what my sight instead met. Discarded like week old bread, rocks littered haphazardly over the once fine area, humorously finding themselves beneath the soles of clumsy campers. Yet upon seeing my beloved home destroyed, the swelling of my veins was unstoppable, their desire for an explosion as the blood surged to my head; I could hear my pulse pounding. Hatred for those responsible curdled in my stomach as every inch of me whispered for revenge, however impossible or destructive it may be. "Right! Listen up!" Chiron clapped his hands together, forcing his words to project strength despite their tattered surroundings. "Gathering into groups of three! Let start the clean-up!" I bit my lip, forcing a facade of determination upon my face as I eyed the ruins around me. Cabins Two, Four, Six, and Nine where completely destroyed; inhabitable for even the most resilient campers, whist the majority of our new - now completely ruined - minor god and goddess cabin's lay to waste in stacks of rubble. Half of the forest was withered, burned or torn down; the majority of the naiads gone and most likely dead. This was