Disclaimer: We do not own Harry Potter, nor are we making any money by doing this. Summary: Harry Potter killed Lord Voldemort twenty years ago. Lord Voldemort killed Harry Potter twenty years ago. When two worlds collide, the last person they expected to meet may turn into an unexpected ally. Prologue The street was dark and dingy, impervious to the holiday cheer that had infected the rest of the town. There were no wreaths or lanterns here, no sparkling Christmas lights; there were, in fact, no street lamps on this road at all. The houses seemed to creep up on each other in the darkness, a claustrophobic collection of shabby roofs and boarded up windows. No one had bothered to shovel the snow that had fallen across the pavement; it had been allowed instead to grow murky and brown from the passage of wheels and feet. Somewhere nearby, a dog was crying softly. Half-hidden in the shadows between houses stood a man in a tattered winter coat. A scrawny fellow with beady eyes, he was muttering quietly to himself, stealing furtive glances up and down the dark street. A wand was clutched tightly in his right hand. Every few moments he would reach up with his left to touch it, as if to remind himself that it was still there. Continuing to mutter, the man dug into the pocket of his coat and produced a cigarette. He fumbled with it for a moment in the cold, whispering muffled spells from where it dangled between trembling lips. The end glowed bright as he inhaled, a prick of orange in the darkness. His eyes fell shut, visibly relaxing as the smoke curled and spread across the icy air. The whimpering dog began to bark. Suddenly, a jet of red light streaked across the way. The man's eyes flew open, cigarette flying from his fingers; his mouth had only just begun to form the counter-spell when the magic hit him square in the chest. He crumpled to the ground without a sound. "Nice shot." "Thanks." "Quiet! There may still be more." The Aurors seemed to materialize out of thin air. Seven in all, they approached the unconscious body sprawled across the sidewalk in silence, wands aloft. A sandy-haired young man pressed the burning cigarette into the snow with his boot and laughed. "Fool didn't even see us coming." "Davis! What did I just say?" Davis seemed highly affronted. "I was only -" His mouth fell shut when he saw the anger on his superior's face. "He didn't see us coming because we were silent . This is no time for games." Davis bowed his head and muttered an apology. Harry Potter passed a stern glance across the rest of them, as if daring them to make any more unnecessary noise. "All right. Williamson - I want you to take Goldstein and form a perimeter. Davis, you will wait here and watch this gentleman. The rest of us will be entering the building through the front door. If anything should go wrong, I want you to call for backup immediately - is that understood?" "Yes, sir." "Yes, sir." The front gate was rusted, and it swung open with a creaking groan. As Senior Auror, Harry led the way down the path, the rear guard obliterating their footprints in the dirty snow. A muttered Lumos revealed an eviction notice which had been nailed to the door a year past. An obscene word had been sprayed in red across most of it, obscuring the name of the tenant. Harry passed his wand over the door. A net of wards thrummed across its surface in response. He stepped aside; Auror Darby was expertly trained in this sort of magic. It was only a matter of minutes before they were inside. The air was clotted thick with dust and Dark magic, the hallway empty of furniture. Some of the floorboards, bare of carpet, seemed to be rotting through. By all appearances, no one else had set foot in this house for many months - but Harry's ear caught the low murmur of voices from a closed door at the end of the hall, chanting softly... The aurors moved silently down the hall, wands raised. Harry looked at each of the wizards and witches behind him in turn, and when they had each nodded, he faced the door and raised three fingers. Three. The chanting began to swell, gathering tempo. Two. A woman's voice joined them in eerie dissonance, singing in a language Harry had never heard before. One. The door crashed open with a BANG , and the aurors flew inside. Harry glimpsed a circle of kneeling men and women, their faces hidden beneath dark cloaks, disturbingly reminiscent of Voldemort's Death Eaters - and then he was dueling, deflecting a flurry of curses. A handful of them continued to chant, the woman's warbling voice reaching a desperate pitch - but Harry would worry about that in a moment. Right now, his team was outnumbered three-to-one - their source had grossly underestimated the numbers involved. But Harry was not daunted. They had been trained for much worse. Upon later reflection, Harry would see that it was such arrogance that had caused everything to go wrong. He had managed to incapacitate two of them - tied up back-to-back, ropes bundling them tight together on the floor - and was now battling down a third, more powerful wizard with cocksure ease. He was, in fact, just beginning to enjoy himself when one of the other aurors shouted his name. Harry whirled around just in time to see an object hurtling toward him. He raised his wand to halt its flight, but his magic simply bounced right off of it. It was a book, Harry noticed detachedly - its pages flying everywhere as it arced toward him. Time seemed to ripple and warp as it approached, slowing down and jerking the room around him with unthinkable magic. Some gut instinct urged him to move away - to jump, to dive, to do anything at all - but instead, Harry, stupidly, reached out and caught it. Time shuddered to a stop. For one strange moment, everything was silent and still. The world burst apart in an explosion of blinding white light. Harry was sent spinning headlong down a narrowing white tunnel, faster than he had ever flown, rushing, spiraling forward - it was worse than Apparition, than the Cruciatus - he being stretched in a hundred different directions, pain beyond imagination - And then he was spat out on a hard floor, spilling forward onto his knees. The cursed book flew out of his hands; it took all his effort to keep hold of his wand. Nausea briefly overwhelmed him, and Harry squeezed his eyes tightly shut, praying that he wouldn't be sick. When it had passed, he opened his eyes and, slowly, rose to his feet. It was dark: thick, impenetrable blackness without a single source of light to pierce it. Things whispered and rustled through damp, cloying heat. It reminded Harry of the greenhouse at Hogwarts where Professor Sprout had kept the tropical plants. Below the floor he could just make out the sound of water lapping against stone and, as Harry cautiously moved forward, he could feel the air around him heavy with steam. Echoes of potent spellwork itched against his skin - uncomfortably familiar. This was an evil place, stained by eerily familiar magic. Whispers shivered through the darkness, and Harry had the strongest feeling that he ought to understand the soft susurrus of murmurs, but the words passed through him like mist. He flinched when a frond brushed his arm, confirming his original theory that he was in some sort of hothouse garden. The blue glow of wandlight revealed dark stone and dense foliage. Snakes of every possible variety curled sleepily around a tangled canopy that almost obscured the high, vaulted ceiling above. A multitude of beady eyes turned to stare at the intruder who had disturbed them, hissing and spitting, their long tongues tasting his scent on the warm air. "Welcome..." A voice called softly from behind him - a voice Harry would never forget - a voice he had thought dead and gone forever. High, silken, and impossibly cold, it was a voice that could only belong to one man. Harry turned. Lord Voldemort stood amongst the plants, his narrowed, livid eyes and gaunt, serpentine face fixed on Harry, the pallor of him gleaming in the light of Harry's wand. "I shall be most interested in learning how you bypassed Lord Voldemort's wards," the Dark Lord hissed, circling Harry, wand twirling in his left hand. "But first, I would know the name of the assassin who has so unwisely violated my sanctum. I do not believe we have been..." the lipless mouth smiled wickedly, "...introduced?" It was the same vile, mocking politeness Harry remembered from the graveyard in Little Hangleton. Bow to death, Harry... It was impossible. Voldemort was twenty years dead, by Harry's own hand. Yet here he stood, Dark magic pulsing in his aura, red eyes as cruel and terrible as they'd been that fateful day in the Great Hall. There was no doubt in Harry's mind that this person was truly Lord Voldemort... and there was also no doubt that the man standing before him was very much alive. "Oh, I think we have." He followed Voldemort's movements step for step, heart pounding wildly in his chest; to let the Dark Lord out of his sight for even a moment, Harry knew, meant death. "Quite intimately, in fact." "Indeed?" Voldemort loomed over him, the crimson eyes narrowing even further, squinting against the bright glow of Harry's wand. He tilted his head, looking the auror up and down. Harry fought not to shrink away. "There is something familiar about you..." The Dark Lord mused thoughtfully, almost to himself, as he continued to slowly pace. Beneath his long, black robes, white, sharp-clawed feet were just visible, their talons clicking loudly against the marble floor. "As there should be," said Harry, his voice remarkably steady. "I did kill you, after all. Twenty years ago, if you've forgotten." There it was: the mad ripple of chilly, high-pitched laughter which had haunted Harry's childhood dreams. Voldemort offered him a vicious smirk. "Do I appear dead to you, fool?" Voldemort's snake-like profile, in fact, looked even less human than Harry remembered. Tom Riddle's long, elegant fingers had warped into something rigidly reptilian; instead of nails, his hands and feet ended in thick, curved claws. A narrow, circlet of silver was wrapped around his hairless head - a crown? Goblin-made, by the look of it. "You've certainly looked better," Harry said coldly. "And considering the fact that I, you know, watched you die... I'd say it's not so unlikely." The crimson eyes widened. "You dare mock your sovereign-?" Voldemort levelled his wand at Harry's head, reminding him of those final moments before Voldemort's death: all wild bluster and furious outrage. Harry's own holly wand swept up between them in response. He's mad, Harry thought, heart pounding. He's been locked up for twenty years in a tomb full of serpents, and now he thinks he's some kind of snake king. Voldemort's wand briefly caught in Harry's own wandlight then, and all of Harry's panic was momentarily forgotten. For there were berries - elderberries - carved unmistakably into the wooden handle. There was only one wand in the world with such markings, and it had long ago been put to rest in its proper place, with its proper master. Harry was overcome by a sudden rush of anger. "How did you get that? That's supposed to be back in Dumbledore's tomb! I put it there myself!" "I took it from the old fool's corpse," Voldemort spat at Harry, clearly sensing weakness. The Dark Lord ran a possessive talon down the length of the elderwood, but then seemed to lose himself in caressing