Hello, readers! I hope you enjoy this compilation of stories from Tariq's youth before he entered the Games. The character in question has been submitted to the story Back to Normal by LadyCordeliaStuart. One of my favorite authors, I trusted her with a character that took a lot of thought to come up worth. I hope you all enjoy this story, and I hope it helps followers of the main story empathize with his character and see another side of him. Enjoy! Also, two of the sections are marked with a trigger warning. Tariq POV. Age 11 We needed to stay hidden. Mother would be furious if she found out. I held the warm bundle against my chest, willing the squirming pup to remain silent as I carried it into towards the shed. I routinely looked over my shoulder and towards the house, each time relieved to see that the light still stayed off. Last I had seen, mother was lying in bed, accompanied by a bottle of whiskey. Elijah and I both knew not to disturb her when she was cradled with the grimy bottle, but the occasional black eye or reddened cheek would remind us if we forgot. Elijah giggled almost as loudly as the pups whimpered, and despite my nervousness I couldn't help but smile. His pup was almost too big for him to carry, and it dangled near the stony pathed ground as he carried it along towards the dilapidated, moss covered wooden shed. Before we left I offered to carry the pup instead, but he insisted on holding the biggest. Little kids were like that, especially Elijah. I shoved the pup awkwardly into the crook of my left elbow as I freed my right hand, reaching for the door to the shed. It took several tugs and even more curses before the door finally relented with a protesting creak. I let Elijah enter first, and he rested the pup against an old blanket. I set mine next to his. "I-I think there's some hay near the wheelbarrow,'' I commented, frowning as I contemplated the best way to keep the pups warm. "Can you watch- watch- watch them? I'll be back.'' He nodded, and I turned away, pulling open the shed door again as I stepped into cool autumn air with a shiver. The earlier events came back to me as I returned to the mound of fur, crimson blood shining black in the light from dusk. I kneeled beside the coyote, gently raising her foreleg as I removed the sickle from her ribcage. A squelching emanated from her corpse, and I tried not to gag as viscera followed the blade. Noticing her dark, blank eyes, I decided to rest my hand against the lids to press them down gently. After staying there for a few moments, I whispered, "I'm so sorry." "We should bury her." I started in surprise as Elijah's voice came from behind me, and I glanced up at him. I hadn't expected him to follow me. "It seems wrong to leave her there." "You think?" I questioned, looking away. Wrapping my arms around the stiff body, I cradled it into my arms. She was still somewhat warm from life that had since been cruelly ripped from her, and I tried to ignore the bloodstains spreading onto my shirt. I continued, "W-where?" "By the shed, where we put her pups," he decided, offering his hand to help me to my feet. I accepted it because the coyote was so heavy. I followed him to the shed, where he grabbed a shovel and handed it to me. I set the animal down and began to dig while he continued, "You know, she's just like you." I didn't reply, instead just kept digging. Elijah was right. She only wanted to protect her young, and when Elijah got too close, she did what she felt she must. I couldn't help but to respect the animal, resting my hand against the soft fur of her flank and stroking the brown pelt gently as I prepared to lower her in the hole. She didn't know that my little brother was never a threat to her. However, she was a threat to him. The threat needed to be eliminated, and there was no room to regret killing her. The coyote was not a part of my pack, so her life was not my responsibility. It was simple, really. Black and white. Us and them. Once she was set inside, I began to shovel the dirt back over the corpse. I did what I needed to do. I didn't hesitate then, and I wouldn't hesitate again. Cassius POV Tariq's age: 15 Some boy stole grain from Ricky Row. Again. Another day in perdition. Again. I walked through the dusty street silently; my only company the pattering of raindrops against my uniform. It was oddly comforting to know that water surrounded me as opposed to fire as it would be an in actual hell, but I didn't suppose I would know the difference. My father said I needed to make him proud. I needed to pick a poison. I could either pursue Victory in the Hunger Games (along with the absurdly low 4% chance of survival- no, thanks though Dad. Love you too) or follow my uncle's footsteps as a Peacekeeper. Father's heart was in the right place. He ruined his future as a Peacekeeper by having a son with my mother. He didn't want me to do the same. I was a good little soldier. I did what I was told, and I didn't know what I would do without orders from my superiors. That was my reasoning for marching towards the little house down the lane to reprimand the Harvest family for thievery. I knew a good flogging would be effective. A flash of lightning caused me to start in shock, and I chided myself inwardly as I approached the front door. I pounded my hand against the wooden door in my classic rhythm and waited for it to open. Finally it cracked open, and a head peaked out from behind it. From the olive toned skin, black hair and dark hazel eyes, I knew him to be John Harvest's step son, Tariq. Almost certainly he was the one who stole the grain, and the way his expression changed upon seeing me confirmed it. At first he had a welcoming smile, but that didn't last. His eyes widened and the color drained from his face. He opened his mouth and closed it several times, uttering the occasional squeak. I waited for him to say something until I remembered that he had a speech impediment. "I'm coming in,'' I said, opening the door and shoving my way in. Tariq cowered in response, clearly upset about having a Peacekeeper in his home, but despite his passive behavior I noticed a glint of challenge in his eyes. It didn't seem to match his frayed, flowery apron. Sure, I was only a few years older than him, but this boy needed to learn some respect. "Some grain went missing, and Mr. Row is not pleased. Are you aware of this?'' "Give me- me- me a moment,'' Tariq finally uttered, turning his back to me and headed towards the kitchen. The abrupt smell of burned food came suddenly, and I grimaced. What were they doing? I looked on curiously. "Elijah, you need to stir the pasta or it will stick and burn.'' "Stolen grain?'' I asked, raising an eyebrow. Tariq tensed, ignoring me as he scraped the burned pasta vigorously with a wooden fork. He seemed desperate to save the stuck pieces. Everyone knew the boy who was stirring a saucepan of red sauce. If I didn't know better, I wouldn't have known they were half-brothers. Elijah's skin was the palest I'd ever seen in District 9. I didn't think he worked a day in his life. He probably leeched off his brother. Lucky him. While Tariq seemed relatively suspicious of me, Elijah's grin was so wide and eyes so welcoming I felt taken aback. He wore an old party hat that jutted out the side of his blond hair. Originally it boasted a 5th birthday. It had since been crossed out, and new numbers were subsequently added. Apparently this was his 12th birthday. I figured there was no harm in being friendly to the cheerful child. The world was cruel enough as it was; may as well keep him happy until he figured it out. The thought of a cynical Elijah made me feel a twinge of pity. I was happy once. Now I was numb. "Happy birthday." "Thank you!'' Elijah exclaimed with a grin. Even Tariq seemed to relax, gazing at his younger brother with undisguised joy. I couldn't help but smile at his enthusiasm. I wondered how long it would last. He was acting like he'd just turned five, not twelve. "I made dinner! You should stay.'' "I-,'' I frowned, unsure of how to respond. I was sent here to punish Tariq for thievery, not sit down and gorge myself on the fruit of his sins. Still, I hated old Mr. Row as much as anyone did. Unfortunately that corrupt businessman made twice my salary. May as well spite him and get a free meal in the process. A few months ago I'd have been terrified of losing my job and being turned into an Avox, but I didn't care so much anymore. "I suppose.'' Stay With Me Tariq's age: 15 Trigger warning issued for substance abuse and suicide. Working was hard that day. It was the beginning of the harvest, and it was dusk by the time I arrived home. The old door creaked as I stepped into the kitchen, and immediately an unusual silence greeted by arrival. I knew John would be working late tonight and Elijah was with a friend, but my mother was almost always there to greet me. Sometimes she'd give me a happy hug. Sometimes she'd slap me. Other times she'd sob into my shoulder, distraught about how alone she felt all day. Yet today, there was nothing. Considering the way she begged me to skip work and stay behind with her to play cards all day, I was sure she'd be desperate to greet me as I walked in. I crept into the house carefully, picking up a loose piece of wood from the floorboards. Robberies weren't uncommon, and I didn't want to find myself in a state where I couldn't defend my mother. Heart pounding nervously in my chest, I pushed open the door separating the kitchen and entrance from the bedroom, carefully allowing it to creep open. A foot stepped on some shattered glass, nearly slipping on some spilled whisky, and I entered the room with anticipation to nail a sorry burglar about the head and shoulders. Then I saw her raised above the bed as I craned my neck to study the ceiling, and finally I understood. A knot set in my stomach, and now I knew that I never should have gone into work today. I should have stayed home with her. We'd have played cards and laughed and shared stories and- Iciness set in me, and I simply backed out of the room while quietly shutting the door. It latched silently, just as she liked it, and I grabbed a fresh bottle of whiskey as I passed through the kitchen. My stash of money came next, revealing it from where it was carefully hidden behind the oven. Shrouded by a veil of blankness, I left the house and began to stumble down the street, raising the bottle to my lips as I took in the sharp flavored and allowed it to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt. Mother drank away her sorrows. Perhaps it was time that I started. Even though I'd never tasted alcohol before, I hardly noticed its flavor. I simply felt detached. A hand