A/N: I haven't a clue where this story came from seeing as how I usually write OUAT stories. I woke up and felt the need to get this out and it just happened to be that the Twilight characters were the ones that fit the idea in my head. This has a rather dark theme including mentions of abuse and the toll it can take on a person and mentions of rape. Seeing as how these themes can change a person, I would say that this is a very different Bella than you are probably used to seeing. It is a one-shot so just be aware of that when you get the end. Thank you for reading and I hope that you can somewhat enjoy the rather dark theme of this unexpected story. Break Me Down She sat there not wanting to move not because she was scared but because it felt like her entire being just ached. Only a few more months of this kind of pain, a part of her wondered if it was getting worse because he knew that she'd be leaving. Upon entered the house last night she'd thought he'd been asleep but she'd been wrong. She should have taken Angela's offer to sleepover at her house again then she wouldn't be laying here not wanting to move or was that she wanted to move and just couldn't at this point she couldn't even identify it. The sun had felt nice against her pale and bruised body, but it had long since set and the cool night air was giving her goose flesh. A part of her was glad she was forced to wear long pants even when it was warm. However, with the stars visible overhead she still couldn't bring herself to move. She could just stay out here in the field, she'd done it on many occasions when the beatings had rendered her nearly immobile. "Just sleep Swan, you can go back there tomorrow." She spoke as she felt her eyes drift close, giving into the fatigue, maybe, just maybe some wild animal would find her and there would be no tomorrow. Isabella Swan was not one to sleep in, especially on the days when she knew her father would be home all day from work. This summer vacation seemed to the worse one yet. She'd already spent the past nine days switching from Jessica and Angela's home, she had to go home sometimes. And this happened to be one of those days were she had to return home as to not have her friends question why she never wanted to home. She shifted slightly but felt too comfortable in her bed to even consider moving. It was that particular thought that had Bella's eyes opening slowly, she didn't go home last night, she'd made the conscious decision to sleep in the field, yet as she opened her eyes she was not looking up at the sky but an unfamiliar ceiling. She still felt sore, achy, and on the verge of giving up completely but she didn't know where she was or how she got here. Mustering as much strength as she could she ever so slowly sat up allowing the covers to fall much to her own horror. She was topless, wincing slightly she pulled back the rather heavy covers and found not only was she topless but she was as naked as the day she entered this world. Bella clenched her thighs together and much to her relief she wasn't sore between her legs. "Stay calm Swan, no one raped you." She muttered to herself as she climbed off the massive mattress. "Yet." She added standing up much to her body protesting. Bella looked around and felt a bit more of relief wash over as she saw some clothes folded neatly at the end of the bed. With more effort than she probably needed to use, she soon found herself dressed in a printed tank top and black yoga pants. Sure she didn't have any undergarments on, but at least she had on something. Bella took a moment to look around the room and decided that who ever lived her was wealthy and had exquisite taste. Walking out of the room she soon found herself following the scent of fresh baking. Descending the stairs she was rather hesitant but continued on until she found herself looking at the back of a rather petite woman who was humming to herself. "E-excuse me?" Esme smiled herself as she'd been waiting until the girl addressed her. She had heard the moment that her breathing had changed and she'd woken up, but she hadn't wanted to scare the girl especially since she had made the comment about being raped. "Oh, you're awake, how are you feeling?" Esme questioned as she noticed the girl wince slightly before finding herself distractedly looking around the kitchen and stopped as she saw a pixie like girl smiling at her from the kitchen island. "I—where am I? Who are you?" "I'm Alice Cullen," She smiled before seemingly going back to read her magazine. "Oh, you're in our home and I'm Esme Cullen." Bella stared at the woman in front of her, the name Cullen sounded so familiar. "You're husband's a doctor, right?" Bella watched as Esme nodded slowly. Dr. Cullen had treated her a few times in the past for one of Charlie's drunken stupors. Of course any visit that ended in the hospital they told the doctor's that she'd been practicing her free running, they believed her because they knew that Isabella Swan was very accident prone and had been free running or practicing parkour since she was about seven years old. It was when she was seven years old she'd enrolled herself in gymnastics classes to learn the art of free running or parkour as it was also known. She'd done it to help with her extreme clumsiness and to help her sneak out easier to get away from her father when he would lose himself to a twelve pack of beer. When Charlie had found out that'd she'd not only been sneaking out to go to the local gym for these classes but stealing money from him to pay for the classes he'd been furious and in a drunken stupor had hit her so hard a rib ended up breaking. He'd taken her to the hospital and claimed she'd been trying out stunts. It was from then on that Charlie himself paid for the classes instead of her stealing the money when he slept, it gave him the proper excuse when he'd take the abuse further than he meant to. This particular incident was caused by her stupidity, she had been sneaking back in from hanging out with her friends all night at La Push. After climbing in through the dining room window she accidentally knocked a bottle over alerting Charlie to her presence who'd been in the living room watching television. He'd gotten pissed that she'd interrupted his game and had effectively punished her which left her with what felt like some bruised ribs and a lot of nasty dark marks on various parts of her body. "I think I go to school with your kids too." Bella spoke looking to Alice momentarily who still seemed to be reading not paying them any attention as Esme nodded watching the girl carefully. Rosalie had found her last night when she'd finished hunting, she'd been in the middle of a clearing passed out and unresponsive when Rosalie had tried to wake her up. "Yes, three of them are seniors and two are juniors…well I guess now that school year is over, three of them have graduated and two of them are seniors. Although I'm told you have had classes with all of them." Bella nodded, she was advanced in some areas and took higher level courses to keep her from getting bored. She loved to learn and spent her time away from the house in the library when she wasn't with her friends. "Yes, I'm a senior now…but I—how did I get here?" "I brought you here." Bella turned around slowly to see the rest of the Cullen kids walking in from what seemed to be the living room. "I tried to wake you but you were unresponsive. I don't know where you live so I brought you here." Bella felt her lip tremble slightly at the thought of what would have happened had she been taken home unconscious. She'd taken a few pain killers before wandering into the forest, they thankfully had kicked in until she'd fallen asleep. One time she'd taken them and ended up sleeping in the forest unable to make it to her spot. Taking in a shaky breath she slowly let it out which wasn't missed by any of the vampires in the room. "You could have left me there, I sleep there often." Bella finally responded after getting her emotions under control. She couldn't and wouldn't dwell on what ifs. "Aren't you afraid of wild animals?" Bella looked to the only Cullen whose name she knew because she'd just introduced herself, Alice had closed her magazine giving Bella her complete attention. When they'd moved to Forks last year everyone had been so interested in them, well everyone sans Bella who'd been recovering from a broken collar bone and two cracked ribs. Charlie had come after her and she'd stupidly ran trying to make it to her bedroom, but he'd been too close and the resulted in her being yanked down as she'd reached the top of the stairs. Charlie hadn't even apologized that time when he'd sobered up, just showered and then taken her to the hospital. "I'm not afraid of much, but they've never bothered me before." Even though a part of her desperately wished one of them would just swallow her whole and take her from this pathetic excuse of a life she was living. He wasn't bad when he was sober, it was when he lost himself to the alcohol that everything would go downhill. Maybe it was one of the reasons she'd never ran away, because he almost seemed normal when he was sober. Not the caring father, but a normal human being to her. Yes it was awkward, but he was still her father and she had good memories of him before the accident. It was those memories that seemed to keep her from leaving until she turned eighteen. Bella turned her gaze from the pixie back to the blonde bombshell. They noticed the steely edge her eyes seemed to take on before she opened her mouth. "You the one who undressed me?" Esme couldn't see the girl's expression but could tell from the way Edward was looking at her she was intriguing him. 'I can't hear her thoughts.' He spoke lowly knowing that human ears couldn't pick up the sound. A chorused of silent what's could be heard only to the vampire's ears as they tried not to looked shocked knowing Bella could see them. "I did." Rosalie answered as Bella held her gaze not backing down. 'Her emotions are all over the place.' Jasper commented as Esme knew this girl was puzzling her family. Last night after Rosalie had gotten the girl settled into her room she'd come down and asked the younger of their Coven what they knew of the girl. Outside of knowing that she hung out with Jessica Stanley and Angela Weber they knew nothing about the girl. Emmett had thought she was a senior and graduated with them, but then Alice noted that she was also in some of her classes. Rosalie had wanted to know where the bruises on the girl's body came from. Carlisle had mentioned that she did gymnastics and she'd come into the hospital with similar injuries from practicing outside. Rosalie had shook her head saying that those types of injuries were not ones someone got from gymnastics.