A/N: Good evening my fellow readers! :D I know that it has been such a long while since I have updated some of my other stories but I promise that I will get back to them once I have a spark of insparation for them. This lovely fan fiction was inspired by a role play a friend and I did a while ago. I hope you all ejoy. Please don't for get to review. ~ Kivanfangirl It was a simple day in the Kingdom of Gondor for the White Lady as she walked about the halls of the Castle. She was soon to be off back to Rohan but due to the harsh weather, it was far too dangerous to travel. So in the meantime, she looked around curiously. She soon found herself in the library with massive shelves that carried an unimagenable number of books. There were many books that laid in the various shelves that told the history of the people in Gondor, Rohan and that of other far away nations. But though she cared dearly for such places.. in all honesty, none of them interested her at the moment. She was not in the mood for a histroy lesson. The Sheild Maiden looks back with a slight blush as she sees her lover, Faramir, reading at one of the tables. She smiles a bit. A part of her felt uneasy around him, beut she figured it was because of how ...innocent she was that made her feel this way. Of course, she had been spending much of her time as of late with him after the war was over. But even still, the very thought of being in the same room as him sent butterflies through her stomach. Romance was all that was wanting in her mind and heart. She continues on her search for something to read. It wasn't until she reached the end of the old bookcases that she discovered a story that the maiden had yet to see since she was a child and was read to her often by her mother when she was still alive. It was ofthe story of Queen Geneviever, King Arthur and his right hand knight of the round table, Lancelot. She slowly took the book out with awe and started to flip through the pages with interest as she walked to a nearby chair that was across from Faramir, who was currently reading a tomb that stored centuries of history about Gondor and their various rulers. Faramir glanced up from the book he was reading and smiled upon the sight of his lover reading a romance novel. He wasn't surprised that the lady was not interested in his history books. After all, she hailed from the kingdom of Rohan, not Gondor. Additionally, he was a bit surprised and pleased that she had chosen to read a mythical romance novel, other than the racier ones hidden among the bookshelves. Surely, a lady of her stature would be above books that often degrade both genders. However, the fact that his lovely maiden was reading a book about lustful love and betrayal caused Faramir to be a bit turned on. He could already feel his insides slowly start to burn with passionate fire. It had been far too long since he rubbed his flesh against another human being. After placing a book mark in his page, he placed his book back on the bookshelf and slowly headed towards Eowyn. He placed his head on her shoulder and gazed at the book. "I had no idea that my lady was fond of mythical love stories. I am fond of myths and fairy tales myself..though most of them deal with knights fighting dragons rather than unrequited love and betrayal. Forgive me for being blunt, but I must say that seeing my Lady reading a romance novel has kindled a fire deep within my soul." He leans over to whisper into her ear, whispering in a seductive tone,"What do you say we take leave of the study and go upstairs to make a romance story of our own?" he asks as he sensually runs his hands across Eowyn's thigh and winks at her as he waits for her response. A slight blush ran over the White maiden's cheeks as she pressed the pages of the books to her chest, looking over to her lover with a smile. "M-my lord. This is quite unusual of you to say so. " She sets the book to the side, folding a page over as she smiles up at him." However...I've always had a desire for reading about fictional love. They are inspiring, in a sense." She places a hand his cheek, drawing him closer to her as she whispers back. " But if it an invatation that you offer, I would love to accompany you, my love. I have always wondered what it would be like to physically love another." she says, returning her own flirtatous wink. Shudders ran down his spine as Eowyn whispers into his ear. "Fictional love? Well, let us hope that the real thing is much better." Faramir smiled as he lifted up his lover in his sturdy arms and raced up the stairs that were in the back of the study to their bedroom. Hopefully she would want to use some tricks she read about from the awe inspiring romance novels in the bedroom. Eowyn could not help but giggle a little as she felt her lover pick her up and carry her to his bedroom. "Perhaps you could give me some insight on love. After all, reading and doing are quite different." A part of her felt like she was re-living one of the love scenes in her romance novels. She only hoped that this would be far better. "I do hope our first time will be memorable." Faramir opens the doors and gently places Eowyn on the bed. He then informs all the servants that they are not to be disturbed, where they smile and obey his orders knowingly. As soon as she was placed on the bed, she felt a chill run down the spine of her back. When the doors shut, Faramir makes his way back to the bed and plants hot kisses down Eowyn's neck as he undresses her. He then steps back and sharply intakes his breath as he gazes upon her beautiful lace lingerie. "Are you sure you are not a goddess in disguise, my love? You seem to be getting more beautiful each passing day." he asks, stoking the sides of her legs and moves them upwards towards her breast. She smiles up at her lover while he undresses her, and his complement only encourages it to broaden at his words. "I am no Goddess, love. But thank you for the complement.~" He continues to suck and kiss Eowyn's neck as he gently massages Eowyn's breasts with his skillful hands. Her moans of delight heightens his arousal. He wants nothing more but to enter her and fulfill his aching need. However, he wants their first time to be memorable for the both of them. Also, being a gentleman, he wants to ensure that her needs are met before his own. He needed her sweet flavor in his mouth and her lily-scented perfume in his nose. A gasp escapes her lips as she feels his mouth all around the base of her neck, one of her sensitive spots. When he feels Eowyn's breasts harden, he slowly unclasps her bra and starts to suck and swirl his tongue on Eowyn's right breast as his hand continues to massage her left breast. Just the mere pleasure of him touching her made her blood race. But just when she thought that the teasing was over, he removes her bra, allowing her to breath more easy but also give him better access to her breast. Her breath is once again caught in her throat as he tended to her hard breast. She threads her hands into the curls of his hair, encouraging him to go on, even if a small scream escaped from her lips. Faramir gazes up into Eowyn's eyes and grins. "I love you, my Shield Maiden." After he shows thorough attention to Eowyn's breasts, he slowly glides his tongue and hands towards Eowyn's torso and lower half of her body. His tongue swirls in circles inside her naval hole as he gently slips her out of her underwear. He closes his eyes and inhales deeply as her hot musky scent of sex fills his nostrils. She was definitely hot and ready for him. Faramir's forehead was dripping with sweat as his anticipation to make love to hear grew deep within his chest. Once her underwear was tossed to the side, he cradled her clit with his tongue and began sucking on the soft, sensitive flesh. Once she began to moan loudly and shake in bed, he thrusted two fingers into her glistening opening as he continued to show attention to her clit with his tongue, swirling in circles, lapping at her salty arousal as he rhythmically moved his hand in and out of her, stroking that delicate flap of skin on the upper inside. It took an immense deal of self control to hold back and shove himself inside her. However, he could sense that she was close to her release. It would not be long before he has a chance to relax and get his needs and wants fulfilled. "Come for me Eowyn. Scream my name and come for me." he cooed huskliy into her ears. Eowyn could no longer hold her screams of pleasure inside. She tightly closed her eyes and held onto the bedding, gripping onto the sheets as tight as she could, panting into him. " Ah..Fa-Faramir!" With his further thrusts inside of her, she climaxed, screaming in pleasure, clapping onto him as she scent of sex and their arousal was turning her on more, making the White Lady want to tear off his clothes and let nature take over. Faramir groaned in delight. It felt wonderful as a waterfall of the the sweet and salty juices overflowed into his mouth. He continued to lunge his tongue in and out of her folds as she rode out her orgasm. When he felt his lover was fully satisfied, he slowly sat upright and gave Eowyn a loving kiss so she could taste her own fluids upon her soft lips. "I love you, my Eowyn. Now, if you do not mind love, I believe it is your turn to show me your skill in the bedroom." Eowyn moaned into his mouth as she tasted herself on his lips. A slight blushing smile ran over her face as she gave him a slight nod. "Of course. I may not be as talented as you, my lord..but I will do my best to please you." She wraps her arms around his neck and flips them over so that she was straddling him. The Shield Madien smirks slightly as she teases her hands up his legs and slowly undoes his belt, tossing it to the side of the bed. Once that article of clothing was no longer an issue, she begins to thread one of her hands under his shirt as the other undoes his pants. Faramir's chest rose and fell as his lover straddled on his hips and began to remove his clothes. He grunted softly upon the fact that she was teasing him. However, he was sure that it will be worth the wait. After all, he was already halfway on finding his release as he looked upon the lovely smile on her glowing face and felt her hands gently run across his firm chest. He lifted his hips up slightly as Eowyn undid his pants. He wondered if his lady would be willing to provide him with the lip service he provided her just moments before. "Please, do not be obligated to do anything