I was going through old documents and found this gem in a seriously rough draft version. So I fixed her up and here she is. I haven't edited this, I kinda just wanted to post it, so please excuse any typos or anything along those lines. Hope you enjoy. Lily Evans worked as a secretary. To those who knew her, they were surprised. Lily Evans wasn't secretary material. She didn't like being bossed around or made into an errand-girl. And yet, that's exactly what she was. When people asked her about it, the answer was always the same: "I need money. My boss may be a jerk, but he pays me well." Her boss, Mr. Hebert, was the chief editor at the newspaper company Lily worked at. A large, bulbous man with a large appetite and booming voice. He fired people weekly for whatever reason he deemed good enough, or for no reason at all. Once he screamed at the building's mailman for bringing "very important documents" a day later, despite it not being the poor boy's fault. The building had shook with his anger and the boy had not been seen after that. Everyone in the building feared him. Everyone except James Potter. James Potter was a writer for the newspaper. He was one of the best writers, constantly writing front-page headlines and interviewing the most important people in England. He could have an entire floor of his own and a branch of people to work for him, but instead he took up an office on the opposite side of the floor from where Mr. Hebert's office was. He never had an assistant, a secretary, or anybody. The only people ever allowed to work with him were the camera crew. They loved him, as did everyone else. Lily didn't. He had tried to flirt with her the first few days that she worked there, but after she made it clear she wasn't interested, he decided to use her as entertainment for himself and their coworkers instead. His antics were to inspire great annoyance and difficulty into Lily Evans's life. He would beat her to the coffee maker and take the last of it, forcing Lily to have to make a new pot and make her boss mad at her for taking so long. He would run in front of her to use the copier, then make a ridiculous amount of copies of one thing. He would move things ever-so-slightly on her—annoyingly small—desk when she wasn't looking, causing her to think that maybe she was going crazy. He spent two weeks recording what time she came in to work in order to put an "out of order" sign over the door on the lift right before she came in one day. It took careful planning but just as she reached the seventh floor they worked on (sweating and panting) the lift doors opened and James stepped out, shooting an "Alright, Evans?" at her furious face. Lily finally retaliated. At least once a week the name plate on James's desk would be found somewhere random—in a potted plant, in a drawer in the break-room, underneath Mr. Hebert's desk. James would sometimes find his keyboard unplugged from his computer. She took all the staples out of his stapler and drawer. Every day during autumn James would find a single leaf somewhere—on his chair, in one of his files, and even in the copier which he didn't fully understand. Once, he turned on the monitor of his computer to find a picture of a leaf on it. He wasn't happy with this turn of events. He liked to be the tormenter, not the tormented. But there was nothing he could really do about it, since he did initiate this war, so he kept messing with her and she kept messing with him. It became a great source if amusement for their coworkers. One day, in early spring, Lily was running around for Mr. Hebert as the old man was especially grumpy that day. "Take these files to accounting," he grunted, gesturing to two large boxes filled with files. "And be quick about it." "Yes, sir," Lily said, as nicely as she could. She picked up the boxes, expecting them to be heavy. She was right. Lily wasn't the strongest person, but she wasn't so weak that she couldn't lift a couple of cardboard boxes with paper in them. However with a tightfitting blouse, a pencil skirt, and very high heels, she had some difficulty lifting and moving with the boxes. Accounting was a few floors down, which meant she had to use the lift, on the opposite side of the floor she was on. She walked as casually as she could. A few people asked her if she needed help, but she turned them down. She had this. Over the boxes, she could see the lift. Someone was getting out, and someone else was getting in. Lily started to move faster in order to get to it before it closed. "Hold the lift!" Lily called out. The person inside turned and looked at her. She locked eyes with James Potter. He grinned wickedly and pressed a button. He didn't appear like he wanted to hold the lift, especially when the doors started to close. Lily put on a burst of speed, hoping she wouldn't trip and fall—wouldn't that just make Potter's day. She stopped in front of the lift, the doors almost shut. Lily stuck her foot out, praying that the thin heel she was standing on didn't snap and cause her to brake an ankle. The doors closed on her foot and immediately started to opening again. Lily stepped inside and glared at James, who smiled smugly. "Need a lift?" he said, grinning like that was the funniest pun in the world. Lily looked at the buttons on the wall. "Could you press the fourth floor for me, please?" she asked, only because she had no other option. "Ah, no," James said. "I'm going to the first floor and I'd hate to be held up at the fourth. Maybe I'll press it once we get down there." Lily fumed. Lily shuffled towards the buttons with the boxes in her hands. James didn't move out of her way until she shoved him. She tried to extend her finger to hit the button with a 4 on it, but just as she would have hit it, James tapped the top box in her hands. The two boxes started to lean and, with Lily on her too-high heels, she leaned with them. Papers and files flew around the floor as both boxes fell. Lily had only enough time to catch herself before she, too, fell. She stared in horror at the papers that now formed a new layer on the floor. She couldn't even see the tiles underneath. James snickered in the corner. "You!" Lily yelled, pointing a finger at him and stepping forward. He raised his hands innocently. "Why, you no-good, lousy, sorry excuse—" Suddenly, the lift lurched and shuddered to a stop. Lily and James momentarily forgot about their squabble and looked around. The doors weren't open. "Aw, Evans, you broke it!" James said. "Me? What could I possibly have done to have caused this?" "Maybe it saw your face. It couldn't handle it being so ugly." "Maybe it saw you brain. It couldn't handle it being so small." They glared at each other for another moment. "Press the emergency button," James finally said. Lily pressed the red button at the bottom of the panel. Nothing happened. "Maybe you broke that, too," James said. "I didn't break anything!" Lily snapped. She looked around in dismay at the papers and overturned boxes on the floor. "You're going to help me clean this." "Um, no." James looked at her like she was crazy. "Um, yes. You caused this mess, you help clean it up." Lily took off her shoes and threw them in a corner, happy to be rid of them. She got down on her hands and knees and started to make a pile of papers. James watched her. "Potter, if you're staring at my arse…" Lily warned. "Of course not!" James said indignantly. "I'm just admiring your skirt. It's a very nice color. Black is in, I hear." "Help me!" Lily said, throwing a few papers at him. They did what all papers do and flew in every direction but James's. "Um, no," James said. "I prefer to watch." Lily was about to say something very rude when the phone in the lift rang. Both jumped for it, but James got to it first. "Hello? Help I'm stuck in a lift with a psychotic woman!" Lily stepped next to him to hear what the person on the other end was saying. "James Potter? That you?" The connection was bad and it was hard to make out what he was saying. "Gary?" James asked, dropping his victim act. "Wow, what a relief it is to hear someone from the outside world. I lost track of how long it's been. Tell me, have they created the high-five machine? It's for lonely people. I keep telling people to make it, but it never happens." "Well, you've been stuck in the lift for about three minutes," the man—Gary—said. "My God," James said. "We've been here longer than I thought." "Yeah, we got some maintenance teams on their way to you now. Hold tight." "I'll try to make it through," James said dramatically. "But what about air? The girl's taking up half of it. I'll have to kill her to live longer." "Uh, no. There are air vents. And even if that doesn't work, there's a grate above your head. You'll be fine," Gary said, somehow not annoyed by James. "So I can't kill her?" James asked. "Not unless you want to go to jail. I have to go. You two stay safe, you'll be out in no time," Gary said, cheerfully. "Thanks Gary," James said. "You're the best." After James hung up the phone, he turned and looked at Lily. "There you go, Evans! We only have to be stuck in here for a little while." "Great! Then you can help me clean up these files and we can be done before they fix this old, stupid thing," Lily said, looking around at the metal box they were stuck in. "Whoa, whoa there," James said, putting a hand out. "Don't talk about the lift like that." He started to stroke the wall. "She didn't mean it, baby. Don't worry about the mean lady." Lily stared at him for a moment. "Are you going to help me or not?" "Not," James said, looking at all the papers on the floor. "This looks like a lot of work." "And you just hate work," Lily muttered. "I don't hate work. I like work. Just not this work," James said, clearing a few papers to make a patch on the floor to sit down on. "You mean you don't like to pick up after the messes you've made?" Lily bent down and started to pick up some papers. "Exactly!" James said, watching her. "See you do understand me, Evans!" Lily didn't say anything. Instead, she threw a pile of papers into one of the cardboard filing boxes. "I don't think that's how they're supposed to be filed," James said, unhelpfully. "Yes, thank you, Sherlock!" Lily said sarcastically. "I don't know how they're supposed to be filed and I can't ask anyone at the moment, can I? Mr. Hebert is going to kill me." Lily took down her hair, throwing pins on the floor and wrapping hair ties around her wrist. "What are you doing?" James asked. "Taking my hair down." "Why?" "Because I am tired of the pins sticking into my head and my hair being wrapped so tightly that I no longer feel at the roots. And my neck is cold. It's always cold at work." Lily mumbled the last