Hey, guys! So, this is the New Year's oneshot that I'd planned to write! I really wanted to get it done before I went back to school (I had a week off for study leave because of mock exams) and I'm surprised I actually managed to finish it! I have to admit, I'm not sure how it turned out exactly, but I really hope that you all enjoy it! Again, this is mainly Solangelo centred, with the others being their friends and whatnot, so I hope you like it! UPDATE (23/02/2016): So, I've been through this and made some edits to the story, since there were a couple of mistakes and stuff... hope you enjoy! Nico sighed as he lay back on the sand, his eyes closed as he relaxed, listening to the waves lapping against the beach. Despite it being the middle of winter, the gods had decided to bless the demigods with a beautiful, sunny day. And what a beautiful day it was. The sun was up overhead, in the middle of a clear blue sky, and even though it wasn't hot, the son of Hades considered it warm enough to sunbathe in. With his pale skin, he felt as if he needed a tan anyway, even if he was in his gods-awful bright orange Camp Half-Blood t-shirt, with a pair of shorts that he and Will had picked out when they'd been dragged out shopping by Piper and Lou Ellen earlier on that year – in September. Ah, Will . Nico's favourite son of Apollo was sat beside him in the sand, seemingly sunbathing. His blonde hair was curly and turning ever so slightly lighter the longer it stayed out in the sun. His tan was also getting darker by the minute, making a larger contrast between his sky-blue eyes and his skin. According to his siblings, the male needed a break from working almost non-stop in the infirmary, which Nico fully agreed with. The son of Hades kind of needed a day off too, what with spending every day bearing the brunt of Leo and Percy's jokes and teasing. So to have a day on the beach with the guy he liked? It was great. Until they were so rudely disturbed . " LEO VALDEZ! " There was a scampering in the sand, and Nico opened on eye to see the familiar little elfish Latino being chased across the sand, a huge grin on his face (as usual). Behind him, there seemed to be a very angry person, covered in what seemed to be soot. And from that voice, Nico could tell that the person was definitely female. "Is that Piper ?" Will asked from his spot beside Nico, and the son of Hades looked over at him to see that he was watching the whole ordeal with a smirk on his face. Nico sighed. The one time he'd hoped for peace. "It probably is." "What happened to her?" "Someone let Leo be in charge of the fireworks for New Year's, I'm assuming." "Whose bright idea was that?" "Probably Jason's." Will let out a light chuckle at that, shaking his head before ruffling a hand through his curly hair. "I should've known." Leo skidded to a stop beside where Nico and Will sat, landing in the sand behind Will and hiding behind him. This was only because Will was the taller of the two boys, standing at around 6 feet tall whereas Nico was about 5 feet 6 inches. Of course, it didn't help Leo that they were both a bit on the lanky side (damn high metabolisms) so Piper was easily able to storm over and push the two aside to get to Leo. Fortunately, Nico only rolled to the side, but Will ended up face-first in the sand, spluttering sand out of his mouth when he lifted his head again. "Hey!" he cried out, glaring over at Piper. "We were relaxing here!" But she was too busy yelling angrily at Leo. So angrily that Nico was actually surprised she wasn't charmspeaking Leo into jumping into the sea and never returning. "You idiot !" she yelled. "What do you think would happen if you set off a firework right in front of me?! That I'd laugh and clap, like a freakin' monkey?! I'm not stupid , Leo!" The son of Hephaestus was trying desperately to scramble away, although it seemed as if the sand was determined to have him slip as much as possible so that he couldn't leave. "I-it was an accident, Pipes! Honest! I-I didn't mean to!" Piper glared at Leo so hard that Nico was pretty much expecting her eyes to start glowing red – after all, Jason was always going on about how they were like a " kaleidoscope " and " changed colours all the time ", so it wasn't exactly unreasonable to assume that they would turn red. "If you ever even consider doing that again, I will personally make sure that you won't make it into the New Year, with Calypso's permission," she growled. "Is that clear, Valdez?" Leo nodded earnestly, his eyes wide. He looked like a deer caught in headlights, honestly, and he jumped back when Piper took a threatening step towards him. Once he felt it was safe to assume that they were done, Nico cleared his throat. "So… you two disturbed our sunbathing session," he said slowly, a fairly unimpressed look on his face. Both the daughter of Aphrodite and the son of Hephaestus turned to him slowly, both looking slightly shocked, and Nico knew that if he was in their position, he would have the exact same expression on his face. He also knew that he probably shouldn't have spoken up – they were bound to say something about who he was there with . "…But you're a son of Hades ," Leo pointed out, almost as if he wasn't sure about the words on his tongue. Nico blinked and raised an eyebrow – that fact was glaringly obvious, he thought. "Yes, I am." "And it's the middle of the winter ," Piper added, looking very confused. The soot on her face made her look slightly comical, and Will had to bite his nails to stop himself from laughing. "Hence the reason why I'm sunbathing now , and not in the summer." The two turned to look at Will, who shrugged and pulled his fingers away from his mouth. "I just came along for the sun, to be honest. Time of year doesn't really bother me at all. After all, sun is sun." The two just stared incredulously at Nico and Will, as if they were the two weirdest people in the demigod world. Which they probably were at that moment… not that those two would ever say it to them. "You two are perfect for each other," Piper muttered – almost hissed – causing the two males sitting in the sand to flush bright red and Nico, in particular, to glare darkly at her. They were all silent for a good few moments before anyone spoke. "W-what?!" Will squeaked with wide blue eyes, clearly not expecting that. Leo took their surprised responses as a chance to run, and Piper bit her lip. "Uh… you know what? It's nothing…" She smiled at them innocently. "Well, I've really got to go… catch you two later!" And with that, she sprinted after Leo, still calling out threats and insults to the Hephaestus kid. Will turned to Nico, his blue eyes still very wide. "What was she on about?" he asked, his voice a little shrill and his face still red. Nico gave a shrug, but didn't answer, turning away from Will. "We should get back to the others," he murmured, before standing and beginning to head back up the beach, leaving the son of Apollo bewildered in the sand. It seemed that, true to her word, Piper had got some payback on Leo, his neon pink hair a perfect indication of that. Nico would have asked where she got the bright pink hair dye, but then he remembered she was a daughter of Aphrodite , and that some things where better left unknown. The next time the whole group was together, they were all sat in the Poseidon cabin (after all, of the Big Three gods he was the least bothered about having visitors and also the least creepy in terms of what he allowed in his cabin) on giant blue bean bags, doing some sort of bonding exercise. Or, at least, that's what Jason called it. Nico could see that they were just playing games. At that moment, Percy, Leo, Piper and Calypso were in the middle of an intense game of Twister, which Nico was chosen to oversee, whilst Annabeth and Jason were playing Chess on one of the bunks. Will was watching the twister game, trying not to laugh outright at Percy's apparent clumsiness and lack of flexibility. "Left hand… yellow," Nico called out, and Percy whined loudly. The nearest available spot was on his right, and he couldn't exactly twist without falling and crushing Leo or Piper, both of whom were beneath him. "Come on, Nico – spin again and give me a good one!" "That's not how the game works, Percy," Will pointed out, grinning. Percy shot the son of Apollo a short glare, before sighing and trying to twist to get the spot… Before slipping and falling, causing Piper and Leo to collapse beneath him and Calypso, who had been off to the side, to come out unscathed. The daughter of Atlas grinned and stood. "I win! I win!" she exclaimed, jumping up and down on the spot and clapping excitedly. Leo groaned from his position beneath the son of Poseidon. "Great one, Percy. You're fantastic at this game." "Shut up, Leo," Percy replied. The son of Poseidon just lay there, groaning. After a few more moments, Piper decided to speak up. "Percy?" she asked, her voice sounding fairly strained. "Yeah, Piper?" "Your fat ass is crushing me. Could you get up? Please ?" Percy took a few moments to understand what she was saying, frowning slightly. "I'm sorry?" "Get your fat ass up and off me , Percy!" The daughter of Aphrodite tried to push him off herself and Leo. Percy smirked, before going limp. "Gah! Can't… move…" he groaned, flattening himself against the two people beneath him. Leo yelped, whining loudly at the sudden dead weight on top of him, before Piper cried out and tried pushing harder. " Percy !" Will was in stitches as he watched the three mess about, and even Calypso had let out a few giggles at the unamused look on Leo's face. Nico cracked a small smile, before getting up and kicking Percy off Piper and Leo. "There you go." Percy yelped as he fell off the other two, landing face first on the floor. He grunted, laying there for a few moments, before lifting his head and glaring up at Nico. "Hey!" "Sorry, you were crushing them. We don't exactly was them to die from suffocation just yet," he commented with a simple shrug and a smirk. "Besides, Jason's too engrossed in a game of chess to—" "Check. Mate ." The others looked over to where Jason sat with a triumphant grin on his face, whilst Annabeth stared down at the board, a frown on her face. Her grey eyes seemed to be roaming over every piece on the board, and then her eyes widened. " No …" Jason's grin just grew. " Yes …" Annabeth just sat there, staring at the board in shock. "B-but… h-how…?" she stuttered, her eyes still darting over the board. Jason shrugged, but was still smirking at her. Percy's jaw dropped as he pulled himself to his feet quickly. "W-wait… did Jason just…?" Suddenly, the blonde female stood, before storming out of the room, slamming the door to the cabin shut. There was silence