Hey, guys! So... I kind of meant to post this on the 28th for Nico's birthday, but stuff got in the way, and I was unable to finish it in time... but I have it for you now! So I hope you enjoy it! I tried to put as much Solangelo in it as possible, honest! UPDATE (18/03/2016): So I've gone through the story and actually made a few edits to it, just to make the story flow better. I hope y'all still enjoy it! Will sighed as he tapped his fingers on the top of the desk, thinking deeply. The son of Apollo didn't usually think this deeply. In fact, he was the type of person who usually let life and thoughts pass him by, deeming them unimportant unless it was a life and death situation or he had someone's life as part of his responsibility. So, usually when he was working in the infirmary. But he wasn't really working in the infirmary. Not then. No, the reason for his deep thinking was a certain son of Hades that happened to be sorting out sterile equipment onto shelves in the supplies cupboard not too far from him. In a couple of days, it just so happened to be that guy's birthday, and Will Solace had no idea what to do for him or get him. After all, Nico di Angelo never really asked for much, so what could he do? He was pretty sure that getting him a skeleton as a joke wouldn't be considered that funny… not by Nico, at least. And he definitely didn't seem to be the type for sappy chocolates and flowers. So what could he do? Before he came up with an answer, however, there was a loud knocking on the desk in front of him. Will jumped, blinking a good few times before looking up and blushing sheepishly. "Wake up, Solace! You got a whole day ahead of ya!" Piper sang cheerily, a wide grin on her face. Oh yeah. He'd forgotten that he was the one on reception duty today. Damn Kayla getting sick again. He blonde cleared his throat a little to recollect himself, before he spoke. "Is there anything you want, Piper?" he asked, giving her a smile that was as genuine as he could make it after being so rudely interrupted. Or maybe that interruption was necessary. "How many beds have you got free?" she asked, trying to sound innocent. Will looked down and checked the register. "Uh… two free, with another probably being available within the next ten minutes if Austin does his check-up quickly." He frowned as he looked back up at her. "Why?" Piper paused for a couple of moments, seemingly considering how much she should tell him, before answering. "Well, Leo may or may not have got himself, Percy and Jason injured whilst getting Nico's birthday present…" Will was about to say something about them getting injured ( again ) when he stopped. Birthday present? "What birthday present?" he asked suddenly, sounding curious. Piper hesitated, a little bit confused about the change of subject. "A motorcycle," she answered slowly, pursing her lips a little. "Or, rather, a moped? He's turning sixteen, right?" Will frowned and shook his head slowly. "No… fourteen." Piper cringed. "Damn. Well, I'm going to have a tough time telling them that Nico can't legally use it yet…" She frowned a little. "He looks older than fourteen…" "So you guys are getting him a present?" Will pressed, tilting his head to the side a little. Piper nodded, leaning against the desk casually with her arms folded in front of her. "I think I'm just gonna get him a book, and so will Annabeth. I have no clue what Reyna is sending over, but Hazel said she'd be coming with some new stuff for him." A wide smile grew on his face. So there'd be quite a few people getting him stuff. Great. Perfect , actually. Piper raised an eyebrow at Will, moving off the counter. "What?" she asked suspiciously. Will rested his elbow on the desk, his chin in the palm of his hand. "How do you feel about helping me to throw Nico a party?" "You want me to what ?" Will sighed, resisting pinching the bridge of his nose in frustration. He didn't get what was so difficult to understand about what he just said — he thought he'd made it pretty clear. "Nico, you heard me. I know you're not stupid." Nico just continued to stare at Will incredulously, before shaking his head and walking away, hands in his pockets. "This is ridiculous." The blonde pouted. "Come on, Nico!" Will whined, grabbing his arm before he could get out of arm's reach. "It won't be that bad!" "I'm not wearing a suit to go and have dinner for my birthday !" Will sighed in defeat. "Fine… I'll let you wear a leather jacket." Nico seemed to hesitate at that, contemplating the offer. "No," he said finally, after a few moments of thinking. "I still won't do it." " And sneakers." That seemed to win Nico over, and the son of Hades took the suit from Will, before going to put it on in the bathroom of his cabin, only grumbling a little. About an hour and a half later, the two were heading out of camp (to a shadow a whole lot nearer to the borders, of course — Will said he would only let Nico travel them if they were closer to the venue than his cabin was, which was fine by Nico; after all, he needed to get his travelling up to scratch again, since it had been a few months and he felt a whole lot better now) to the restaurant, and were waiting outside when the others arrived. The first to arrive were Jason and Piper. Piper wore what seemed to be a pink dress that glimmered a little in the light, the skirt of her dress reaching down to her knees. The sleeves of the dress went down to her elbows, and (only if you were looking) you could just about notice the leggings she'd pulled up under the dress itself to hide. Her hair was left down in curls by her ears. Jason looked pretty uncomfortable in the crisp white shirt and black tie that Piper had obviously told ( forced ) him to wear, as shown by the fact that he kept trying to loosen the tie ever so slightly only to have Piper shoot him a dark glare, but somehow he'd managed to get away with wearing a pair of black sneakers, just as Nico had. He smirked at the son of Hades. "Couldn't handle the dress shoes, huh?" Jason asked, a slight grin on his face. He ignored the frown that Piper shot him as she looked down at their shoes. Nico smirked slightly and shrugged, gesturing to Jason's feet. "Looks like you couldn't either." "Oh please; they felt like Hades on my feet." Leo and Calypso were the next to arrive. Leo wore what seemed to be a pair of black jeans, with a shirt that had the top button left undone and a pair of sunglasses perched on his head (despite Calypso's protests, Leo refused to get rid of them just because it was the middle of winter and was already dark out – he claimed that it made him look "awesome", even if she just said he looked foolish). Calypso wore a sleek black dress that only reached her knees, a pair of black flats on her feet and a silver hair band holding her cinnamon hair up in a ponytail. Her dress kind of sparkled in the light, and it was only then that Nico realized that the dress actually looked like the night sky – it had stars in it. The couple greeted Nico with birthday wishes, Calypso offering him a hug and Leo only wanting to go as far as a fist-bump. He did, however, give Will a playful punch in the shoulder, only to have Jason mess with his hair by ruffling it about – something that he was none too pleased with. Moments after, Percy and Annabeth headed over from what had probably been Percy's mom's apartment. Annabeth wore pretty much the exact same outfit as Piper, although instead of pink she wore a dark grey dress and had tights on instead of leggings. Her hair had been tied up into a neat bun, curls of her fringe framing her face. Percy stood beside her, quickly loosening his tie and undoing his top button whilst ignoring the looks Annabeth was giving him as she greeted Piper and Will and wished Nico a happy birthday. He wore a pale blue shirt with a dark blue tie, black trousers, and… well, it seemed as if he hadn't quite got away with wearing sneakers, if the black dress shoes were anything to go by. At Nico and Jason's sniggers, the son of Poseidon huffed, sending them a small glare. "My mom made me!" he whined, pouting. "I had no choice!" "I should get some tips from her," Piper mumbled with a small smirk, sending a side glance at Jason, whose grin immediately melted off his face at that. Annabeth and Nico laughed at the sudden change in Jason's expression, and Percy would have joined in had it not been for the fact that he had to suffer what Piper was joking about, and it really was no laughing matter. Will smiled reassuringly at Percy, giving him a pat on the shoulder in an effort to comfort him, even though it was pretty clear that he wasn't doing much to help the green-eyed guy at all. In an effort to change the subject, he started, "Well, I think we should head in—" Just then, there was a loud thud, and the demigods tensed, Percy immediately reaching for his weapon in his pocket and the others reaching for various daggers they had hidden on their person (and if the way Nico was twisting his new skull ring was any indication, that Stygian sword must finally been enchanted and was about to pop out at any second). The group began to move almost instinctively, standing between the direction of the thud and Nico, the youngest of them. Nico gave them an exasperated sigh, rolling his eyes. "Guys, I can defend myself, you know." "Defend yourself from what?" Three figures emerged from what probably had been a small alleyway right next to the restaurant, and as soon as he saw who they were, a smile lit up on Nico's face – that smile he reserved for people he actually liked . "Hazel! Reyna!" "Frank's here too!" the other demigod piped up, causing the others to laugh. "I didn't think that you guys were coming." Reyna offered Nico a small smile as she ran her fingers over the menu in front of her, not exactly sure what she should pick. "Well, I couldn't exactly miss your birthday, now, could I?" she asked him, an eyebrow raised. Nico frowned slightly at her in confusion. "But… your Praetor duties…" he started. "The Centurions were willing to take over once I explained the situation." "And what exactly did you tell them?" Piper asked curiously, looking up from her menu at Reyna. "Family emergency in New York," Frank said, concentrating on the menu in front of him. "They bought it." The three demigods had, obviously, come for Nico's birthday, which the son of Hades had definitely not been expecting. With Reyna and Frank as the Praetors, and Hazel as a Centurion, the three of them were often busy with work around Camp Jupiter and rarely had time to communicate with the group at Camp Half-Blood as it was. Nico didn't even know that Will had Iris Messaged them a couple of days before to inform them about the celebration, which was why Frank had