Hey, amigos! I have another fic for you! It's, again, kind of Solangelo themed, and I tried very hard to make it fluffy and cute. But yeah. Kind of something to say sorry for no Valentine's fic? Aaaaanyway, enjoy! UPDATE (31/03/2016): I've read through this again, and made a few edits to try and improve the story a little? Anyway, I hope you still like the story - enjoy! "You did what ?!" Lou Ellen visibly winced at Nico's yell, looking around to see whether anyone had heard it. Luckily, (for her, most likely) no one was walking about outside the cabins. More specifically, the Hecate cabin. "Just… come in and I'll show you." She grabbed his arm and pulled him into the cabin, shutting the door quickly behind him. Nico yelped as he was pulled in, his eyes wide. "I thought it was against camp rules for us to be in here alone?" he hissed, looking as if he wanted to go back and open that door again. "Oh please – everyone in camp knows we wouldn't get up to any funny business together when you have that blonde hottie." She resisted the urge to smirk slightly at Nico's eye roll. "Besides, we're not alone," the daughter of Hecate pointed out, before signalling to a rug in the middle of the room. Nico probably would have disregarded it (because Lou was all for dramatics and when you paired that up with magic you never knew what would happen), had it not been for what was on the rug. Or, rather, who . Six babies were on there, babbling and gurgling. They would've looked like regular mortal babies, had it not been for some distinct features. One of the babies (the one that had his foot in his mouth) had dark – pretty much jet black – hair that flopped down over his eyes… sea-green eyes that seemed to sparkle as he focused intently on nothing but his foot. The baby beside him was a blonde little girl, her hair curly and her eyes a startling grey. She'd looked over as soon as the door opened, staring at Nico and Lou with wide eyes that didn't show fear, but curiosity. Beside her was a cinnamon-haired baby, who seemed to be just as quiet as the blonde girl, but had almond-coloured eyes that were watching Nico and Lou. As she did so, she seemed to be sucking on her thumb, the tips of her fingers on her other hand glowing a faint silver. Next was another brunette baby, her hair wavy and uneven, although that didn't seem to change how cute she appeared. Her eyes weren't a set colour, switching between green, brown and blue almost regularly. Her lower lip quivered, and soon enough she began to cry. The reason for her crying was due to the two babies beside her. One of them was blonde, with a rather large pair of glasses sitting crookedly on his face. His eyes were electric blue, and he seemed to be the largest out of all the babies, although not by much. The baby that was trying to crawl on top of him and pull off his glasses, causing him to whine, was the smallest of the six babies. His hair was curly and dark, and his eyes were also dark, but if it wasn't for the fact that his hands were glowing like embers and causing the blonde baby to scream, Nico would have never recognised the son of Hephaestus as a demigod. Son of Hephaestus . Holy Zeus . "You… you turned them… into babies ?!" Nico almost screeched as he turned to look at Lou in something akin to horror, causing Piper's cries to increase in volume. "It was an accident!" Lou protested. "I was practicing a spell, and the door was open, and they walked past at that exact moment! I didn't mean for it to happen!" Nico groaned and rubbed his temples, his eyes closing. Of all the things the girl had to turn them into … Still, it could've been worse, he supposed. "What do we do?" she asked him. His eyes snapped open sharply. " We ?!" She took a step back, raising her hands in surrender. "Well, you know now! So you have to help me!" "Nuh-uh, no way!" Nico shook his head frantically, waving his hands in front of himself in a frantic ' Hades no ' gesture. "I'm not helping you to take care of a bunch of crying, screaming babies!" Not on the day right before Valentine's Day , he added mentally, although he wouldn't voice that to Lou. " Please , Nico? It's only until I can find a spell to reverse all this!" Now, Nico was usually able to avoid and ignore puppy-dog pouts easily, and just wave them off as stupidity, but for some reason he just couldn't do it right now. He wasn't sure whether it was because this was Lou Ellen, one of Will's closest friends, or because he could see just how dire this whole situation was. Honestly, he could hear it. Piper's screams would've given someone in Tartarus a headache. "Fine," he grumbled, folding his arms defensively and looking back over at the babies on the rug. "Just… find a way to help me get them down to the infirmary." "Why?" "Will should have a spare bed. It's his shift. He could help us." "Got it." Lou Ellen raced out of the cabin, only just managing to tell Nico that she would be right back before disappearing. Soon enough, though, she had returned, and behind her she was dragging what looked like a small trailer padded with pillows, which Nico was pleased with… and a very amused Cecil, which Nico was far less than pleased with. Not that he had anything against the son of Hermes, but he was just… a Hermes kid , which he didn't need right now. "I'm sorry, I had to see this," he told Nico, before stopping at the sight of the babies, his eyes widening comically. As soon as he recovered from his shock, he began laughing loudly. "Oh, Lou… ahahaha! This is gold !" The babies all stopped what they were doing at the sound of laughter, before Percy began grinning and laughing, the giggles contagious. The others soon followed, and eventually the cabin was filled with babies' laughter – even baby Piper had stopped crying and was laughing along with the others. Nico breathed a sigh of relief. He could hear again. Thank gods. "Okay, you two, help me get them into the trailer." One by one, the demigods put the babies in the trailer, making sure to keep Leo and Jason as far apart as they could, and ensuring that Piper was settled in as many comfortable pillows as possible so that she didn't start crying again. And it seemed to work. As soon as the daughter of Aphrodite was placed in the padded trailer, her thumb went into her mouth as she fell asleep. Baby Calypso soon joined her, sucking on her own thumb, and was followed by Annabeth and Jason and, finally, Leo. Percy was the only one that remained awake, and he crawled towards the front of the trailer, where Nico stood. Nico sighed as he ran a hand through his hair, his fingers gripping the ends tightly. Honestly, he'd never been a fan of people under the age of five in general, and now he had to take care of six of them. Granted, they were his friends who had a spell on them, but still. "So… what now?" Cecil asked, looking between the other two. "I'm going to try and find a spell to reverse this," Lou Ellen explained as she moved over to the shelf of spell books near the end of her bed. She continued to speak as she began scanning her eyes over to titles to find what she needed. "Nico's gonna head down to the infirmary to get some help taking care of those kids." There was a smirk. "You mean Will's help?" Cecil clarified. Lou grinned. "Yeah, that." Nico scowled slightly at that, but didn't say anything more. After all, he and Will were dating. He was really the only one he could go to right now, since the other person that he would go to in this situation was currently asleep on a pillow in a trailer. As a baby. "Right, so… what should I do?" Cecil asked, looking between Lou and Nico expectantly, as if he thought he was going to get a really important job. "Don't tell anyone," they answered simultaneously, before Nico picked up the handle for the trailer and began to pull it out of the cabin. "Otherwise, you'll be meeting my father sooner than expected," Nico threatened the son of Hermes lightly, before leaving the cabin, making sure to be careful as he dragged the trailer out. He didn't even wait to hear the audible gulp and the whimper that came from Cecil. Nico considered himself very lucky that everyone in camp was busy at that time. The cabins were all doing different activities (which was why he was surprised that Lou had even been around to do what she did in the first place) and so everyone was busy and not watching Nico drag a trailer of babies all the way from the Hecate cabin to the infirmary. When he reached the infirmary, the first thing he was greeted by was Kayla's unnaturally happy face… although he had a feeling it was because he had turned up (so she could rope him into helping with inventory) and not because she was actually happy; then again, you never really knew with Apollo kids. "Nico! Hey!" she greeted brightly, coming around from behind the reception desk to greet the son of Hades. "How are you doing today? Have you come to help out with something? Do you want me to get Will for you?" She asked the last question with a small smirk on her face. Nico blinked, not blushing at all at what Kayla was implying, before nodding. Best get him now to explain everything that happened before people started wondering what was in the trailer behind him. "Yeah, thanks, Kayla," he said, just as she turned to fetch her brother from the infirmary wards. It wasn't too long before the daughter of Apollo returned with her brother, who looked slightly frazzled from whatever work he'd been doing. Nico guessed that there'd been something happening at the lava wall today – there was burn cream smeared on his shirt. The frazzled look disappeared once Will spotted his boyfriend, and he smiled as he leaned on the reception desk, waving at him. "Hey, Nico! Come by to help?" Honestly, the son of Apollo was hoping that Nico would come by… mainly so that they could plan out their date for the next day. "Have you got a spare bed?" Nico asked, ignoring Will's question and cutting straight to the chase. Will frowned at that as he moved off the desk. "Hello to you too." Nico rolled his eyes at that. "Yeah, yeah, hi to you too. Now could you answer my question, please? It's kind of important." "Why, have you decided to sleep in here now?" "Will, please. It's an emergency." Will's eyebrows rose at this. An emergency ? Since when did Nico come voluntarily into the infirmary for an emergency? He didn't even come in for serious injuries, unless it was against his will. "…What happened?" Nico rubbed the back of his neck, his eyes drifting down to watch the reception desk in front of him instead of his boyfriend's blue eyes. "Well, you see… Lou did something…" "What did Lou do this time?" Kayla butted in, a deep frown on her face. Now she was concerned – her best friend had done something, and Nico was involved? That was never