Hey! So I finally managed to get that sequel done for the oneshot that I posted just before Christmas! Awesome, right? Anyway, I also have another idea for a oneshot that stems from this, but the note about it will be at the end of this, so read on, guys! I hope you like it! UPDATE (10/02/2016): Okay, so I've been through this story again and done some edits in it, adding in details and correcting mistakes and all that - just to let you guys know. Jason sighed as he stared out of the only window of the Zeus cabin, watching the snowflakes fall lightly. Even though it was still pretty dark out, the light coming from the Greek fire lanterns was enough to illuminate the camp just enough to see the flakes. It was early in the morning on Christmas day – maybe around three a.m. – and Jason couldn't sleep. Maybe it was because he had a feeling that he would have a nightmare that night, or maybe it was because, even though it was Christmas, he still wouldn't be able to celebrate it with everyone he wanted to. Reyna was in California, Piper was with her dad, and Leo… well, he was dead . At least, that's what Hazel and Nico had told him, and Nico had even offered to go and have a look down in the underworld to make sure; Jason had kindly turned down that offer. So now he was alone, not tired, and actually quite cold (the Zeus cabin really needed to invest in some under-floor heating or something), whilst he was absolutely sure that everyone else was asleep. Suddenly, something caught Jason's eye, and he smirked a little. Well, everyone but Percy Jackson, it seemed. Jason could see the faint glow of his sword – Riptide – as he headed away from his cabin and towards the beach, for what he assumed to be some alone time with the ocean. Someone to talk to . The blonde quickly grabbed a sweatshirt from his pile of clothes and threw it on, before quickly exiting the cabin and beginning to head in Percy's direction, following him to wherever he was going. Within the next five minutes, Jason realised that he had been right – Percy was heading down to the beach to relax, or at least just sit there. Because the son of Poseidon seemed to just be sitting there, staring at the ocean. The son of Zeus – Jupiter, whatever – approached him and sat beside him in the sand, staring out at the sea along with him for a few moments before deciding to speak up. "Lonely?" Percy shrugged, barely even reacting to Jason's presence, and sighed quietly. "Annabeth's in San Fran with her family. My mom's spending Christmas with Paul. So, yeah, I guess I'm pretty lonely." Jason recalled Percy mentioning his step-dad, Paul, once or twice, him being one of the few mortals that knew about the camp that was still alive. Or, at least, from what he knew. Apparently, they got on pretty well, but if Percy was leaving them to spend Christmas alone… "Did something happen between you and your parents?" Percy frowned as he turned to look at Jason. "No… they just deserve to have no monster attacks this season." "Percy, we went out last week, and we had no monster attacks." "You're forgetting empousai that cornered us at the cafe we got drinks at." "Oh yeah." The two fell silent, staring out at the ocean. Whilst Jason was sure that Percy felt completely comfortable doing this, for some reason the blonde felt ever so slightly on edge. Like this wasn't his zone. Which it wasn't, to be fair. He wasn't a son of Poseidon. It was after a few moments of silence that the two of them heard a set of footsteps approaching them on the sand, coming from behind them. Neither of the males seated in the sand turned until the footsteps stopped. That's when Jason glanced over his shoulder. Nico stood there in his black and white skull pyjamas that Hazel had bought him as a present, a pair of fluffy bunny slippers on his feet (those had been Percy's gift, and regardless of the son of Hades' protests he'd been forced to wear them – now they were pretty inseparable at night, when no one could see them). He hesitated when he spotted the two demigods, before moving to sit in the sand beside Jason, on the opposite side to Percy. The three just sat there, staring out to the sea, before the silence was broken. "So, why are you here?" Percy asked, turning his head to look towards the other two and seemingly addressing no one in particular. "I mean, this isn't exactly your territory." Jason hesitated before he answered. "Piper's spending Christmas with her dad, and I have no clue where Thalia and the Huntresses are now so… yeah." He shrugged a little. Percy already knew this, of course, but he needed something to fill the silence. It was kind of awkward with no one talking. From the look on Percy's face, though, it was clear that the question hadn't exactly been aimed at Jason. But he decided to continue with the conversation anyway. "You miss her that bad, huh?" "Well, yeah, she's my girlfriend. You know exactly how that feels." Percy just sighed in response to that. Of course he knew. How could he not? The silence built up again, but this time, the two older males turned to stare at Nico, who was staring out to sea obliviously. When he finally realised they were staring at him, the confused look that appeared on his face morphed into a frown. "…What?" he asked slowly, looking between them both. A small grin grew on the son of Poseidon's face. "Well, I was just thinking…" Nico raised an eyebrow. "You were thinking…?" Percy sent a small grin to Jason, and the blonde caught on, grinning widely. "Well, we were just thinking," Jason corrected. The son of Hades frowned. " What were you thinking?" "…That you really have no reason to be down here." Percy leaned back on the sand, his hands folding behind his head. "I mean, Jason and I have girlfriends out of the state." "…So…?" "Well, Solace is just in the Apollo cabin, isn't he?" Even in the dim moonlight, it was clear to see that the son of Hades' cheeks had flushed red, and he glared at the two, who were smirking at him. "Shut up!" Jason had fallen back, laughing at the scowl on Nico's face. It was scary, yes, but he couldn't help finding it hilarious considering the situation. Only Nico would get so bothered about something like that – Jason was pretty sure he was over all the mocking about his and Piper's relationship. Percy just grinned at the scowl that the son of Hades gave him, before turning his head to stare up at the stars. "Yeah, well, at least you don't have to worry about all that relationship stuff," he pointed out. "Yet," Jason corrected, earning another scowl from Nico. "No, I just have to worry about… all the crushing on him stuff," Nico replied snarkily. "You handled it last time." "Oh yes, I handled it so well." Percy snorted. "Well, from what we hear, it won't just be crushing on him for much longer." Nico frowned. "What do you mean?" "Well, you're planning on asking him out at the New Year's fireworks next week, right?" "Percy?" "Yeah?" "Shut up." Pretty much the rest of that late night/early morning was spent chatting and joking with each other, with the boys recounting various stories – most of them were Percy and Jason telling stories about their respective camps, whilst Nico chipped in his occasional comment about what a ghost said they'd done in a past life. All in all, it was a very amusing night. They almost whined when the sun rose. Well, to be honest, Percy actually did . "We were having so much fun, Apollo!" he yelled, a childish scowl on his face. "A couple more hours please!" "Percy, you can't do that," Nico scolded lightly, although Jason was trying to hold back a snigger. "Why–" Percy stopped himself before finishing that question, suddenly realising what he was saying. "Oh… right. Hahaaa…" Jason laughed at the son of Poseidon, whilst Nico merely shook his head and smiled at the guy's occasional stupidity. "Honestly, Percy." Percy pouted a little, before pushing himself to his feet and stretching. "What?" he asked as he turned to head off the beach. "No wonder Annabeth calls you a 'Seaweed Brain'." Jason just grinned at the scowl that Percy sent back to him. "What? It's true!" Nico gave a short laugh as he followed Percy's lead, standing and stretching before making his way in the direction that the son of Poseidon was heading. He looked down at the son of Jupiter (was it still Jupiter since Jason turned Greek? He didn't know.) "Are you coming?" "Yeah, yeah." Jason slowly pulled himself to his feet, sighing. He rubbed the back of his neck. "So, what, back to our cabins for a Christmas alone?" he asked the other two as he caught up with them. "We have a whole camp," Percy pointed out, as if it was obvious. "We can celebrate Christmas with them, you know." "It won't be the same without the girls." "It'll be fine for Nico. He has Will." Nico scowled at the two as they made their way back to the showers and the cabins to freshen up, trying to ignore their laughter. Honestly, this was getting pretty annoying now. They were almost to the Mess Hall now, about halfway through their journey to the cabins, when there was a shout and a crash. The three boys frowned, sharing a look, before they began to move in the direction of the sound. Whatever they were hearing seemed to be taking them towards the woods, where they usually held their Capture the Flag games. Jason was the only one of the three who actually stopped before they entered the woods, frowning slightly. "Uh, guys… what if we don't know what's in there?" "That's what we're going to find out," Percy pointed out as he made his way in, completely ignoring the fact that Jason had stopped. Nico paused by a tree, turning back to look at Jason. "Aren't you coming?" he asked, giving the other male an expectant look as if to say "if you don't come, Percy won't ever let you live it down". So Jason decided to follow the two into the trees, his eyes on the lookout. Not long after they'd begun to make their way in, Jason realised why he'd been so against the idea in the first place. They didn't have weapons. Okay, correction, Percy had a weapon, but he slept with that freaking pen in his hand so he wasn't surprised that he had it. That, and Percy didn't really sleep much anyway (not since… you know), so he had to be on the lookout somehow. Nico had left his Stygian Iron sword back in his cabin (like a smart, normal demigod), although Jason recalled that he'd mentioned something about considering getting his father to enchant it. Like, make it into a ring or something or enchant it to his skull ring so he could keep it on him at all times (and normal went out the window .) Jason didn't really care all that much that he didn't have a weapon. Trees were excellent conductors of electricity (even if the nymphs would hate him afterwards for it), and he didn't really have any pockets to keep a sword that large in (and he wasn't exactly going to ask his patron goddess to enchant the thing). In fact, Jason was just defending his point about not having pockets to keep a