There are only two rules, Dad tells me. First: never sell to Peacekeepers. The right man in white will pay more for our trinkets than anybody else in the district. But the wrong one will march you to the Justice Building for poaching Capitol property. "We made this stuff. How could it belong to the Capitol?" "That's their water and so's everything in it," he says. "Be it fish or seashells or sand dollars." That's stupid. Nobody could own the ocean. Dad doesn't like mouthing, though, so I keep my opinion to myself. Second: be honest. Dad kneels in front of me. Sunburn shows beneath his freckles, pink patches peeking through mottled brown. "Sea glass isn't sapphires. Don't say what you're selling is something it's not." He grips my shoulders, and the firmness of his hands makes me feel caught. Calm but caged, and I think of how my father can always turn Bonnie back on course by pulling the right lines. "You understand?" I say, "Yes," even though I don't. "Now go on." Dad slaps me on the back, the same way you'd smack a pack animal. Just a little too hard, to get it moving. "Be back by supper time." I grab the burlap sack of wares and turn for the beach. Sand arcs out from my feet as I run, sinks and pulls on my every step, like the ground is falling away and will take me with it. No boats line the horizon, and the Sunday sea is stripped to bare empty blue. The holiday houses are stilted, whitewashed buildings north of town, even bigger and fancier than those in the Victor's Village. Armored Peacekeepers patrol nearby, stretching and yawning. One officer swings his baton at a low flying gull. For lazy practice or plain meanness, I don't know. He misses and the bird sails away. It's early, barely past sun-up, but there are already Capitol tourists wandering from their summer homes to the oceanfront. Mothers carrying babies and beach bags. Oiled up girls in tiny swimsuits. I see cotton candy hair and skin dyed pink, green, orange. The women are all stick limbs and full chests and flashy colors, like birds. There's a man lying on a turquoise towel who's some kind of blue all over. "Would you like to buy a souvenir, sir?" He slides sunglasses down a nose so straight it can't be real. To get a better look at the wares, I think, but he only looks at me. "What's for sale?" he asks. Sand dollars, red coral, rope bracelets. Conch shells and mother-of-pearl necklaces. All the ocean's orphans, polished or painted up pretty; my sister told me that line always charms customers. "Anything else?" The blue man taps a line down my breastbone. "No," I say, and run before the weight behind that touch can turn to pain. Even after I've put half the beach between us, I still feel the burden of that finger on my chest. Heavy and unwanted. I wish I could go into the water. Just stand in the high tide and let the waves wash me clean. But I have a job to do, so I try my luck with a group of teenage girls. The youngest is maybe twelve, like me, thirteen at most. Barely reaping age. Her skin's the lightest shade of yellow, and it reminds me of the baby Trell Hargrove's daughter birthed in the spring. A little boy that cried at all hours, so loud we could hear him four houses away. "Born too early," Mama told me, in that flat, final tone she uses to announce the last of a thing, whether it's grain or daylight or minutes until the Games begin. A week later the Hargrove baby died. Finally quiet, and I'm ashamed that I was thankful for that. The girl holds up a hemp armband threaded with driftwood beads. Just last night I sat by the fire with Nessa and finished that piece. Now I wish she'd take her sunflower fingers off it. "How much is this one worth?" she asks. "Twenty denarii." That's not quite true, but I spent hours knotting the tiny ropes into something beautiful. Selling the bracelet for anything less seems wrong. "Don't pay it," says an older girl. Uncolored, untattooed, and flat as a board, she's plain but proud with it. Mama says that's the only thing an ugly girl can be besides pitiful. "These district peddlers will rob you blind if you let them." "Stop bossing me, Patricia. It's my money." Cheeks blushing orange, she digs through her purse for the paper notes. "Mom said I could spend it how I like." "Whatever. Blow your allowance on some crummy souvenir if that's what you want." Patricia slathers more oil on her arms and legs. It smells like the coconut cream cakes my family can never afford. With her white skin and strawberry hair I know she's gonna burn within the hour. If I were kind as my mother or fair as my father, I might warn Patricia and halve my asking price for that bracelet. Instead, I keep my silence and swindle the yellow girl out of her denarii. As I move on to the next customer, I tell myself that I haven't broken the second rule. Not really. And it isn't like my father will ever know. I bring home an empty bag and a thick fold of colorful money. At dinner Dad counts my earnings and says I'm the best businessman in the family. The praise sounds stiff, and I'm not sure if he means it in a good way or not. But then he smiles, and I try to think of anything besides the bills stuffed into my pants pocket. All the cash I can't explain, hidden away before I entered the house. "Maybe the prettiest." Rordan picks at a piece of tessara bread. "We know the Capitol loves that." "You're just jealous," I say, and while he's busy glaring I swipe the last shrimp from his plate. Rordan lunges across the table, but I spring out of reach. "Slow too," I say, and pop it into my mouth. "Finnick!" Dad shouts. My stomach turns, and I wish I'd just kept still and quiet. He doesn't like it when we roughhouse, or make too much noise. And if Dad doesn't like something, we won't either. He comes around the table, moving with the hard, purposeful stride I only ever see when I'm in trouble. I want to run, but that will only make it worse when he catches me. So I stand still, waiting. Then Dad fists a hank of my hair and pulls me from one side of our little kitchen to the other. It hurts, stings at my scalp and underneath, but I'm not tenderheaded anymore, so I don't cry and I don't beg. (He only ever grabs me and Mama like this-by our hair that's not-quite-auburn, not-quite-blonde, and maybe that's why. Because it's the same.) "We don't take from each other in this house," Dad says, voice loud enough that our neighbors can probably hear him, and he shakes me. Still gripping my hair, and I can't help it, I feel the tears sliding down my face. I wish he'd drag me to another room, where Mama and Nessa and Rordan wouldn't see, but he doesn't. Dad just shakes me again right here and makes me cry in front of them. "Especially not food. You know better than that. Didn't I teach you better than that?" "Yes, sir," I say, "Yes, sir," and I hate how quick the words come. How easy I say whatever he wants to hear. Sometimes that's enough, and today it is. He lets go of my hair and tells me to sit down and finish supper. My scalp burns something awful, and my eyes feel tender and swollen. I take my seat across from Rordan and tear my tessara bread into smaller pieces. It tastes like seaweed and sand, and I'd rather eat shoe leather than one more bite, but if I don't I'll pay for it. I choke down the last of my dinner and try to pretend it's cake. Sometimes I can trick myself into believing things that aren't real, but right now there's too much truth stinging under my skin for that to work. Dad gives Rordan the last of his own dinner, and when my brother smiles it makes me want to punch his freckled face. Because there's one thing he has that I don't: Dad's approval. It's only because they're so alike. Solid, hardworking, hot-tempered. And Rordan is the spit of our father—red-haired and brown-eyed, with broad hands and blunt features, shorter than me but already brawny. When we're done, Mama gathers our plates for washing. The dirty dishes stack together with force, and when she stops at my father's place she says, "It was a shrimp . We're hard up for a lot of things in this district, but so far that's not one of 'em." She spoke too soon, though, because by morning the town square has been papered with white flyers announcing this quarter's quotas, and Capitol appetites doubled overnight. Bakers' daughters don't live off the water, so I skip afternoon chores to teach Pearl Nelson to swim. In part for Pearl, but mostly because I don't want to go home yet. "I must be the only girl in the district who's never learned," she says. Ocean swallows us up to our ankles, knees, waists. Pearl grabs my arm, eyes wide and blue as the world around us. "I'm not allowed to go any further than this." "That's fine, we can stay right here," I tell her, because the waves will meet us halfway. Hungry tide rises up our ribs, laps at my chest and Pearl's white throat. Underwater, no one can see our fingers tangled together. Then it doesn't matter if she's from town and I'm not. Her lips taste like sea spray and fresh bread, my home and hers. "I really like you, Finnick." Pearl flings the words away from me. Quiet and quick and toward the horizon, the way you'd toss a bottled secret. "Sorry. But I had to say something before tomorrow." Pearl is safe and eleven until the end of August, but my twelfth birthday was last winter and the reaping is only a few hours away. "It's okay," I say. "I like you back." When I get home, Dad sets me to washing the dinner dishes and promises a hiding if I skip chores again. I scrub the plates, cleaning away the remnants of a supper I didn't see. My stomach growls, and Rordan shakes his head at me. "Why can't you just do what you're told?" he asks. I shrug, because I'm not sure how to answer. All I know is that I can't follow Dad's rules and still breathe. That's something my brother can't understand. He wouldn't tell lies to stupid Capitol tourists or ditch chores to kiss a pretty merchant girl. And he would never hide money from our parents, like I do. Brightly colored bills stuffed in my mattress, a little fortune folded up among the rags. My brother and sister stand with Dad, and they look like a family all their own. Copper-haired, stocky, sun-pinkened and dotted with freckles. Not like Mama and me. Today, with my name on a handful of paper slips in the reaping ball, it hurts that Dad hugs Nessa and ruffles Rordan's wiry red hair, but only gives me a hard look. A silent warning not to cause trouble. Even Mama didn't bother to mend my clothes the way she always does for my brother and sister. I'm facing my first reaping in Rordan's worn out things: pants that show my ankles, too-big shoes, and a shirt missing its top two buttons. "If I have to go to the Capitol in this, they'll laugh at me." "If you