"Getting lost along your path is part of finding the path you were meant to be on" - Robin S. Sharma My Time With the Horselords Chapter 1 What I remember most was the sharp, shooting pain in my head. The foggy memories of the night before were coming back to me. I assumed I had fallen asleep on our couch, comfortable as brick. I tried to turn over, but the sun was shining through the breaks in the curtains, and I forced my eyes tighter shut, begging for them to adjust before I opened them. But something wasn't right. Below me was not the ugly brown cushion of our couch, but ground. Earthy ground covered in prickly grass and sporadic hay. The gang must have pulled some kind of prank on me, I knew it. It was just like them to get me the most drunk and take me where I didn't belong out in the middle of the woods. But this wasn't the woods. My eyes began to adjust and from there, I started to grow scared. All around me was the morning mist of foreign plains I had never seen before. As far as the eye could see, the light blue sky seemed to touch the ground. It was deserted and unfamiliar. I was not a well-traveled person and I didn't know these sights. They were not the soft hills of South Carolina or the beating sun of the summer I seemed to leave behind. The sun burned a bright orange, it's red fading from what must have been a gorgeous sunrise. I sat up slowly, the remains of my hangover trickling still from my system. Slowly, I stood, wrapping the light sweater I wore tighter around my torso as the wind whipped fiercely across my body in a cold foreign to South Carolina summers. In fact, it didn't seem like summer at all. In the distance I saw trees whose leaves were browning and falling to the ground. The abundance of pines were even shedding brown needles to their feet. My denim shorts and tank top below my sweater did nothing for the chill and looking at the dirt terrain I thanked God that I was at least wearing socks and sneakers. I turned in a circle, taking in the breathless view of the plains around me, praying for a view that was not of blue sky meeting green-brown earth. There were no lights in the distance, no signs of life. There was barely even the sounds of nature and animals in the air. There was nowhere for me to go that made any remote sense. I felt a sense of panic, to curl up into a ball and wait for someone to find me there, but I knew that would do no good. There weren't even roads to follow and who knew how long it would take someone to find me. So I made a plan. It wasn't that good of a plan, I just started walking. But it was the only idea I had to get my hands on a cell phone and find my way home. My friends were going to pay for this, bringing me wherever they had brought me. It wasn't even funny anymore. In truth, it never really was but I was willing to forgive them for a slight prank, but this was too far. My legs were perpetually goose-bumped from the chill in the air and I had no shelter or even warmer clothes to wrap myself in. Finding someone was imperative to surviving whatever had happened to me. I walked for what seemed like some time, the cold tearing into my skin. I kept my hands clasped in the pocket of my hoodie, continuously rubbing them together, but it did no good. Soon, the chances of producing any kind of friction heat was gone. There was no one around. The only sounds were the occasional caw of a bird or the whip of the wind. There were no roads or trails, just parts of the earth that seemed more worn than others. This was what I followed, the beaten ground. I walked and walked until I came upon my first clue. A glare from the sun emitted off of something embedded in the ground ahead of me and I ran to it when it caught my gaze. It was something iron and I had to dig it from the ground grabbing a small stick and pulling the thing from the earth. It was a horseshoe. I didn't know too much about horses. I worked on a facility that housed them so I knew how to behave around them, but the only thing I knew about how to care for them was what I had learned from my friends who worked in the barn. I was pretty sure horseshoes didn't just fall off, but this one was worn to bits. It almost wasn't even a shoe anymore, just a curved piece of iron. It was useless to me, though and I tossed it back to the ground and continued my journey. Walking brought me to an incline. I had told myself I would stay in the valley, but the plains were no longer curving into a valley, just a hill. Beyond that hill, I finally heard voices. So I climbed, and that's where my story really began. At the peak of the incline I finally found, what at first I assumed, was help. A group of people were at the land below me, but it wasn't just people. They all rode atop horses, but it wasn't the horses or the size of the group in the middle of nowhere that scared me. It was the fact that they were all in armor and carrying weapons. Not like bulletproof vests and guns, but armor and weapons of the middle ages. Spears and swords, helmets with plumes of hair protruding from the top. I looked around me frantically, for somewhere to hide, but the trees were scarce. I turned around instead and started moving back down the hill i had trudged up, hearing their voices in the distance, but unable to make out what they were saying. I was too far away. It didn't matter, though. Whatever these guys were, I didn't need to get mixed up in it. One thing was for sure, though. I knew there was no way I was in North Carolina or Tennessee. There weren't permits issued for groups of horses that size outside of pastures and I couldn't have been inside a pasture. It was much too large. I would have at least heard of a pasture this large from my coworkers back home. Then the panic set in and I couldn't walk anymore. I had to run. I bolted back in the direction I had come from. I didn't make it far before my breath caught up with me. I slowed my pace to catch my breath, but I was too quick and I tumbled into the dirt, scraping my bare legs on the rocks there. I winced and inspected my skin. It wasn't too bad. Luckily I hadn't broken a leg and I gently stood back up, my breath still catching and my heart still racing. I started walking again, but it didn't last for long. Twenty paces further and I heard the galloping of horse hooves behind me. Instinctually, I turned around, finding two horses headed straight for me, each helmed by a rider, both with thick, metal armor and helmets adorned with what looked like the tails of horses as plumbs. The adrenaline kicked in and I tried to run again, but there was no way I could outrun a horse. Eventually, they caught me and cut off my route with their beasts. The shock of their speed sent me falling to the ground. Close up, I realized that these weren't regular horses. One was a chestnut and the other a light gray color. I wasn't proficient enough to name its type. These horses were large, much larger than the stables at the camp where I worked back home. And there was something...mean about them. Fierce and wild. But the horses were nothing compared to the riders atop them. Both had light eyes that I could see beneath their helmets and strands of long, blond hair that peeked out as well. But their size...if the horses were larger than normal, these men were nothing in comparison. They were two large dudes, ready for whatever those swords and spears were used for. The one on the right dismounted his horse and started to reach toward me, speaking in a language I did not understand. The one still atop his horse spoke next, but to the first man, not me. I couldn't even assume to know what they spoke of. It was a harsh language. Guttural and low from the back of their throats. Their first one responded to the second, then turned back to me, his eyes kinder now. He spoke again and removed this glove, holding out a bare hand for me to take, but I couldn't. My eyes darted between his face and his hand, not wanting to provoke him. He spoke a second time and bent closer to my level. I still did nothing and it seemed to click that I couldn't speak his language and he changed tactics. "What about the common tongue? Do you speak that?" I nodded, his words finally making sense. But that was the wrong thing to do. His companion jumped off of his horse and pulled the first one back from me, switching back to that ugly language. But the kind one didn't like that. He pulled himself from his companion's grasp and turned back to me. "Where do you hail from, li ðee ?" "I…" I said, trailing off, not knowing what to say. Clearly, these people wouldn't have heard of my home. The second man starting talking again, but the first one cut him off this time. "She isn't a Dunlending, Elfhelm. Are you, li ðee ?" I didn't know what that meant, so it couldn't have been me. I shook my head as he bent back down to my level. He reached up to his neck and unclasped the cloak from his back. Slowly, he reached around me and draped it over my shoulders. It wasn't warm, not having laid against his metal armor in this whipping wind, but I savored coverage, nonetheless, pulling my legs up to my chest and wrapping it around my freezing limbs. "How long have you been lost in the Mark?" he asked. The truth was a few hours, but I guess that wouldn't have really made any sense. So, once again, I kept my mouth shut. I thought he would grow as irritated as his companion, but he didn't. He shifted his weight from one boot to the other and let out a gentle sigh. "Alright, how about names then? This is Grimbon and I am Eothain. Who are you?" That one I could answer. "Mallory," I muttered in a near whisper, hoping that Grimbon's actions toward me wouldn't reflect the look he gave me now. But Eothain smiled gently. "Your legs are scratched, Mallory. Where are your skirts?" Skirts? I hated skirts. I figured out by now that I had landed in some kind of medieval pastime. Maybe I had time-traveled to an ancient European dominion where women covered their legs and ankles were sexy. He noticed my confusion again and Grimbon was losing patience. Eothain closed his eyes and took in a breath, standing and conversing with his companion again in that language. They spoke for a few minutes, Grimbon growing more and more irritated as the conversation continued, but I kept my trap shut. When the conversation was over, Eothain knelt back down to me. "We are a few leagues away from any villages. In these troubled times, Grimbon is weary