Author's note: Hi there! A disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games Trilogy, credit for that goes to Suzanne Collins. I was partially inspired to write this from the author 24tributes24authors, and specifically work by PhoenixRefrain, so credit to them for helping inspire my to actually publish some of my own. Any resemblances to people past or present is purely coincidental and unintentional. So, without further ado, let the Games begin! And may the odds be ever in your favor! You can save only one. District 12, reaping day. I had never planned on this. I never wanted it. But here I was. Stuck in District 12. My name? Matthew Burtonio. Occupation? Seething at Peacekeepers and that bloody Capitol, and mining coal IF I make it through this Reaping. "Matt, why are you staring at the wall? Expect breakfast to just jump out?" teased Lucas. I glared at him. "No, I was going to go find some breakfast but now that you mention it toasted wall plaster sounds good." Lucas giggled. It was hard to stay mad at him for long. Just one look at those piercing blue eyes and the wavy brown hair, and it was impossible to stay mad at my 7 year-old brother very long. He sometimes abused this to get his way, but he was a pretty good kid, as far as siblings go. "You gonna get us breakfast?" he said, poking me. "Yeah, just a minute." I said. I walked into the kitchen and dug around in the cupboard until I found what I was looking for: A small piece of stale cake that I had gotten as a bargain from the bakery yesterday. "YIPPEE!" Lucas squealed. I chuckled and set the cake down at the table, then sat Lucas in the chair in front of it. "Eat up." I order. "Mom should be back from the woods with the rest of the siblings soon." I take a glance out the window. The gray metallic fence doesn't appear to be on, but you never can tell without listening for the buzz. I spot my mother, brown hair flowing, just crawling under the fence, and the rest of our siblings already tramping towards our cramped house. "John, Elisa, George, Hankton, Frank, Largo, Bitty, Haroldio, Edward, Edmund, and Uro carrying baby Audrey." I murmur to myself as I mentally count them. Yep, I have a ton of siblings. Our dad is working in the mines, but they stop for the 4 hours it takes for the reapings. Damn Capitol, wrecking peoples' lives. I want to crush them all, make them bleed for all the times my innocent family is made to suffer because of their damn grudge. So many hopes and dreams, just smashed, all because the Capitol likes to punish us for the attacks 65 years ago. Dumb games wreck 23 different teens' and tweens' futures. I slam my fist against the wall angrily, leaving a small bruise. My family is now back. They come stomping in the back door loaded down with fresh vegetables and other foods they scrounged up in the woods outside the fence. Dust billows from the brown burlap sack that George thumps down on the table. "Beets!" He announces. "I found 'em all!" "No you didn't!" objects Largo. "I found them, you just helped harvest them!" "Says you!" retorts George. This starts a tussle between George and Largo that I have to break up before they destroy something in the house. "C'mon you two, the Reaping is in an hour, and you're all dirty and dusty." Largo and George simultaneously look down at their mud-spattered gray shirts and faded blue jeans. "Oh." They both say, and then scamper downstairs to change to their Reaping clothes. I sigh and start storing the gathered foods into their respective cupboards. Beets on this shelf, roots on this one, and a few mealy apples over here by themselves. As I plunk the last potato(At least I think it's a potato) onto its shelf, my mom taps me on the shoulder. "Time to get ready, Matt" she says with a sad smile. I glance at the clock. " what the heck, 40 minutes gone already?" I think to myself. I race downstairs and throw on an old button up shirt that mom says they used to call a polo shirt. I don't know what polo was, but it had to do with killing 4-legged beast with croquet mallets, I think. The polo shirt is red. My favorite color, even though it's the color of blood. Blood. All the Capitol seems to care about, except for their painted faces. Taking a quick review in the half of a mirror that we own, I survey what I see. A tall, thin boy who's almost a man now, with short blonde hair and a peculiar glint in his pale blue eyes. "Could this guy kill someone in the Games if it came to that?" I wonder aloud. Sighing, I race back upstairs and out the front door after the rest of our family. We arrive at the square a few minutes ahead of time; time enough for mom to find dad and hug him, and time enough for me to find my other friends. I spot Grant sitting over on a bench next to Melissa, another friend. I wave to them and they return the wave. Grant is short, only about five and a half feet, but he's taller than the petite Melissa. "Where's Kendal?" I ask Grant. "Dunno" he replies. I give Melissa a one-armed half-hug, and then look around for Kendal. Being tall has its benefits, as I can see over most peoples' heads. I raise my arm and wave to him to come over. He pushes his way through the crowd and manages to reach us. "Morning Kendal" Melissa teases. "Sleep well?" Kendal doesn't even react. "Hey, you try working the midnight shift over the fence." counters Grant. "Shh, not so loud." Kendal warns. "Peacekeepers" he gestures. Nodding, I turn my head towards my two friends seated on the bench. "Grant, you volunteering?" I ask. "Of course. I wouldn't miss it." Grant says in a monotone. I frown and sit down next to them. Kendal tries to sit down but there's no room with the way we three are sitting. "Looks like you'll need to get off, Melissa." I chuckle. "No, you." she says as she shoves me and Grant. We both tumble to the ground, and get up and dust ourselves off. "Thanks for wrecking my clothes, now I'm going to die of embarrassment" grumbles Grant. Noticing the rest of us staring at him, Grant goes "What? It was a joke!" Shaking our heads, we turn back to the problem of how to get four people on a two-person bench. Kendal suggests a race. "First three there get to sit on it" he smirks. We all agree, and lined up 20 feet from the bench. "You count." I say to Melissa. She pouts but begins to count. "One, two-" At "two", Grant, Kendal and I are all off running for the bench seat. We reach it simultaneously, and we all sit down panting and grinning. Melissa stands there with her hands on her hips. "Where do I get to sit?" she complains. "On Grant's lap" I say "On Matthew's lap" Kendal says. "On Kendal's lap" Grant says. We look at each other. "Flip for it?" suggests Grant. We shrug. "Suits me" I say. "I'm fine with it." Kendal assents. "Okay then" says Grant. He pulled out a Capitol coin, shiny copper, and cradles it gently in the grimy and calloused palm of his hand. "You two first, guys" "Okay" we both assent. Grant takes a step back. "Okay, call it in the air, Kendal" Grant tossed the coin. "Justice Building!" shouts Kendal. Grant caught the coin and slapped it on the back of his hand. He then lifted his hand to reveal that it was indeed the Justice Building. He smirked at me and Kendal. "Okay, now we toss for it, Matthew." He grinned. I shrugged as Grant tossed the coin to Kendal. "Here Kendal, you flip it" I could swear I caught a wink betwixt the two, but I didn't think much of it. "I'll call it." volunteered Grant. "Fine by me" I retorted. Let them try their tricks. Kendal tossed it up in the air. "Justice Building!" Grant called. Slapping the coin to the back of his hand, he then raised his hand to reveal that it indeed was the shiny copper image of the Justice Building. They both cheered. "Tough luck, Matthew" they jeer. I shrug as Melissa happily jumps onto my lap. The joke is on them though, as Melissa and I have been secretly dating for almost two years. After this reaping, we planned to make it official since neither of us would be eligible for becoming a Tribute any longer. Then we could plan for a slightly safer future. "Are you worried about being reaped?" she asked Kendal, Grant and I. "No" we all responded simultaneously. She leaned back against me and smiled. "Hope this reaping goes well" she murmured. We had just changed the subject to which was better out of the choices between apple, maple, or hawthorn pie; when a loud clanging noise sounded in the distance. A large bronze bell, tolling on top of the Justice Building, calls us to the Square for the beginnings of the 64th annual Hunger Games. "And may the odds be ever in your favor" I mutter, finishing my thought out loud. "Hmm?" asks Grant. "Nothin' at all." I reply. "Let's get moving" On our way into town, a little girl comes running towards us. She doesn't see us because she's looking over her shoulder, and she only realizes we're there when she slams into my legs. "Whoa there." I say, steadying her. "Careful, Katniss. No sense in knocking yourself out." She looks up with her big brown eyes. "Better go find your mother." I say. She nods, and takes off running. We arrive at the town square, and we each made our way to our respective sections. I went in the eighteen year old male section. I look around at the boys around me. One of these kids is going into the arena. And there's nothing we can do to stop it. After a long speech by the new mayor, we wait for the Reaping itself. A Capitol lady walks out onto the stage. "Greetings District Twelve!" she screeches. I want to cover my ears, but I realize that soon this will all be over, soon Melissa and I will be able to move past the shadow of being reaped ourselves. "Happy Hunger Games, and may the odds be ever in YOUR favor" she says with a huge smile. I hate her already. "I'm Prisindia Alenswonter" she beams. "I am so excited for the 64th Hunger Games, aren't you?" she cheers. Everyone remains silent. "Well, let's get to the Reaping shall we?" she says. Prisindia walks over to the bowls and reaches in. "Changing things up from how that stuffy escort from LAST year did this" she grins. "I believe in equal opportunity, so it's men first today!" She unfolds the paper. "And the Male tribute from District 12 is….Kendal Alhenhungah!" What. The world just dropped out. "Kendal…we were supposed to make it through this reaping. It was our last!" I think. He slowly walks to the stage and turns to face us. I can't read the emotions on his face from this distance, but I'll bet he's scared half-to-death right now. "Do we have any volunteers for Kendal? Anyone at all?" Prisindia asks. In a moment, I make up my mind. "I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE" I shout. People around me jump and turn to look at my sudden outburst. "That's the way to do it!" cheers Prisindia. "Come on up here and introduce yourself!" I walk towards the stage