This is a one shot told in Harry's POV. It is dramione and scorlily focused. Harry Potter wasn't ready to become a grandfather—for a fifth time. His two sons had two children each, and now is daughter was about to give birth to her first. "Harry," his wife, Ginny, said, "You need to be there for Lily. It's been almost three years since she got married. Just accept it already." "You have little room to talk," he snorted. "You were just as against her relationship as me." "Yes but I accepted it and went to her wedding. She cried when I walked in there. Your sons tried to kick me out. Your son-in-law stopped them and took me to his mother to take me to her since he wasn't allowed to see her until the ceremony. Please Harry, come with me to the hospital," she begged. "Will they be there?" "They are his parents, of course they are there. His two little sisters are there too along with James and Albus." "How do you know they are there?" he questioned. She pointed to the piece of paper on the table. "That's how I know our daughter is even in labor. Scorpius owled asking for our presence. Both of us, Harry! He mentioned Albus, James, his parents and his sisters were there. He wants us there to help Lily because she is scared." She noticed the disdain on his face. "Lucius and Narcissa are not there. He made sure to add that. They haven't been in England since his wedding." Harry didn't like the idea of sitting in a waiting room with Malfoy and his wife, but he needed to regain a relationship with his daughter. He couldn't afford to lose another important girl in his life to another Malfoy. Scorpius Malfoy was walking in the lobby when they arrived. "Scorpius!" Ginny called. The boy turned and smiled at his in-laws. Harry took a good look at the boy. He was taller than Harry, getting his height from his father. His curly blond hair hung over his grey eyes. Freckles dotted his face over his caramel skin. Harry saw Scorpius's mother in the boy more than his father. "I'm so glad you guys could come," Scorpius said when they got on the lift. "We're on the third floor. Healer said she's about seven centimetres dilated so not much time left. My sisters, Albus, and James just left a bit ago to get some sleep. Albus said that Ally had been home with Alex and Aliyah, who are sick." Ginny nodded. "I assume James went home to comfort Sophia. He mentioned there was another Wood family reunion today." "Yep," Scorpius dived into the details, "He left about an hour before Albus because Soph sent him a letter. Apparently Rowan and Ash took Thomas flying and let him fall. Bumped his head and cried a bit but nothing serious. Then Hazel and Holly accidently hit Madeline with a quaffle. Willow berated Soph for giving up her career for the kids. Katie more or less backed Willow. Eli and Oliver bashed James like normal." Harry groaned as they walked towards the waiting room. "I hate the Woods. At least one of my kids married someone that's a part of a decent family." Scorpius slightly paused, knowing Harry was talking about Albus marrying Alice Longbottom. "I'm going to tell Lily you guys are here." Scorpius scurried off around the corner. "Couldn't you be nicer to him, Harry?" Ginny asked. "It's not my fault he's a Malfoy." "You could at least try to act a little decent on the day he is to become a father," a voice said from one of the seats. "He's just as nervous as Lily." Harry glanced at the two adults in the chairs. "Malfoy, Hermione," he greeted. Ginny and Harry sat in the seats furthest away from Draco and Hermione Malfoy. Neither set of parents said another word to each other. Harry did try to sneak a glance at them every so often. Hermione had her head on Draco's shoulder. He noticed some of her bushy curls had began to turn grey. Draco's hair just seemed to be a lighter shade of platinum blond. Age was beginning to catch up with the Malfoys slowly. Scorpius came back out. "She's asking for the two mothers right now," he announced. Ginny and Hermione instantly got up and followed the boy, leaving Draco and Harry by themselves. "Look Potter," Draco said suddenly, "I know you aren't the biggest fan about me but you used to be her best friend and Scorp is nothing like me. He is all Granger." "You call her Granger after how many years?" "More than 30 years of marriage and 40 years of know each other. She will always be Granger to me because calling her Malfoy is too confusing. I do call her Hermione, but I also call her Granger," he paused. "You got me off topic. Potter, I don't understand how you aren't friends anymore. She has tried for years. Do you know how much agony you have caused her?" June 1999 After months of missing his best friend and his girlfriend, Harry was finally going to see Hermione and Ginny again. It was their last day at Hogwarts and they agreed to him and Ron at The Three Broomsticks. Sitting in a corner booth, Ron and Harry looked up eagerly each moment the door opened. Ginny came in looking less than thrilled. "Not happy to see us, Gin?" She glared at them. "Just you wait." The door opened again a few minutes later. Hermione was the one to enter. She turned and spoke to someone outside. Harry looked to Ginny for a clue, but she only stared at her drink. " Unbelieveable," he heard Ron mutter. Harry looked back and saw Hermione walking over...with Draco Malfoy. Their hands were intertwined. The two cautiously sat down in the booth. "What the bloody hell is the ferret doing here, Hermione?" Harry asked. " I invited him," she answered. "Besides, you need to get used to him." Ginny cackled. "I've had the year to get used to him and I still am not." The two boys glanced between the two girls. Draco slowly got up. He focused his gaze on Hermione. "I'm going to go get us butterbeers." Hermione nodded. "What is he doing her, Hermione?" Harry asked again. " I invited him," she repeated. "He is my friend." " Since when did you become friends with the ferret?" Ron snarled. " Start of the year," she replied. "Our friendship has grown over the year and…" " We're dating, Potter," Malfoy returned with the two butterbeers. "Hermione and I are dating." The table went quiet. "Please say something," Hermione begged. "We knew you wouldn't take this well because Ginny didn't. Please say something." " You want us to say something? I think you are absolutely barmy for even wanting to be in his presence. This has to end, Hermione," Ron stated. Hermione looked towards Harry. He stayed quiet. Harry felt betrayed by Hermione's actions. He just couldn't understand why she would date or even befriend the poor sod. Tears welled up in Hermione's eyes. Draco wrapped an arm around Hermione's shoulders. "I thought you guys would be more understanding. That's how she always made you out to be," He guided Hermione out of the booth. "She'll owl you soon once you have time to simmer down. Come on, Hermione. I think it is time we go." She nodded and left without looking at them. November 2000 Harry didn't see Hermione and Malfoy for almost another year and a half until they happened to be in the same restaurant he and Ginny were in for a date. He spotted them towards the back of the restaurant. They were smiling and laughing. Ginny was staring at them too. " They're so in love," she whispered. Harry turned back around. "I don't care about them. It's a miracle that they're still together." " This is their two year anniversary," Ginny informed him. " I don't care about them, Gin. Their relationship is none of our business," Harry snapped. Ginny nodded and stared at the menu. They ate dinner in peace, ignoring their ex-friend behind them. They were eating dessert when they heard someone scream, "Yes!" They turned around to see Malfoy on one knee putting a ring on Hermione's hand. She pulled him up and kissed him. Harry was mad now. Malfoy stole his plan for the night. He could always propose at home. He signaled for the check and led Ginny out of the restaurant. He wanted to forget about his friend's happiness. "We saw you that night," Harry said. "We were in the same restaurant you proposed to her in just a few tables over. I got engaged that night too. You beat me to it so I proposed at home." "That's what I should've done," Draco admitted. "I was going to do that but I was just too excited to wait until we were in the privacy of our own home." They sat silently again. Harry could tell Malfoy had more questions but didn't bother to ask. They just waited for their wives to return. August 2001 Harry found Ginny staring at the blue piece of paper in the kitchen. They had been married for two months. "What's that, Gin?" he asked. " It's an invitation to Malfoy and Hermione's wedding in November. Do you want to go?" Harry gaped. "Don't tell me you are actually thinking about going Ginny." " I know we didn't invite them to our wedding but they did send us their congratulations and a gift. We could at least do that," Ginny sighed. "They're in love and happy, Harry. That has to count for something. He hasn't hurt her like we all thought he would." " Do whatever you want, Ginny. Just don't put my name on it." " Harry, she fell in love. How can you be mad at her for that?" " Weren't you?" Ginny stayed quiet. "That's what I thought." "Did you ever think we'd be sitting here together, Malfoy?" Harry asked. Draco shrugged. "We have been before." January 2006 Harry was on his way to pick up James to bring him to see his new baby brother, Albus, but he wanted to see his newborn son first. Another man was standing at the nursery window when Harry approached. As he got closer, Harry recognized the hair. "Step away from the window, Malfoy," Harry sneered. Draco Malfoy turned around. "Now why would I do that?" " I don't want you staring at my son." Harry looked into the nursery and saw only two babies swaddled in blue. " News flash Potter, you aren't the only person with a baby in this ward," Malfoy turned back to the window. "They brought your son in a few minutes ago. Congratulations. Is he your first?" " I know he was just brought in. Ginny needs her rest. He's not our first. I'm about to go pick him up." " What's his name?" " Albus. Albus Severus. James is our first." Malfoy turned back to Harry. His eyes were a darker grey. "What makes you think you could name your kid after Severus? You didn't know him that well. You thought he was evil. Is it because he loved your mother? Also, you name your other kid after your father. Why give them such burdens of being named after the dead." " Snape was a good man," Harry protested. " Did you think that before or after he was dead and you discovered he was infatuated with your mother?" Harry stayed quiet. "That's what I thought." The two new fathers stared at their children. "What's his name?" Harry finally asked. " Scorpius. Hermione wanted to continue the Black family tradition. Her parents aren't going to like it much. They wanted something mugglish." " Why?" "