Disclamer: I do not own Harry Potter (obviously) since it belongs to the amazing writer, J.K. Rowling. Also, this is my first fanfic ever and I truly hope that you enjoy it:) Sorry for possible grammars! James, Sirius and Peter were getting more and more suspicious about his monthly disappearences and it was getting harder and harder for him to invent new excuses about why and were he left every month. The thought of his only friends finding out his secret and looking at him with fear and disgust, that he knew he deserved, was heartbreaking. He, Remus Lupin, had been an outsider for his whole life since he was four years old and a malicious werewolf called Fenrir Greyback had bit him. Little did he know then, that that bite would bring his whole life upside down. After that horrid night, his father was the first one to leave him. The man just couldn't take it anymore. The full moons, the poverty and the shame of having a Half-Breed as a son were just too much for him. His grandparents, aunt and cousins followed suit as soon as they found out. Who wanted a dangerous dark creature in their family anyway? The sad part was that Remus didn't really blame them. He was a monster after all. But for some reason his mother never left, though. She worked hard to feed and take care of him and it hurt her so much to see her boy so alone and in pain, especially around the full moons. She did her best to make sure that he had everything he needed for living, but what she didn't realize, was that there was still one thing that his son needed really bad. And it was just her time. Remus didn't really have many friends for almost seven years ether. Not from the Wizard nor the Muggle world. He couldn't risk to get too close with anyone. Especially not after that one time. He had got too close with a boy from his neighbourhood and they had become the best of friends. But as espected, it didn't last for long. Remus had trusted the boy and told him his secret. At first the boy had just laughed, because he thought it was a joke. But when he had seen Remus' serious and slightly embarrased expression, he had punched Remus on the face, shouted at him and run away. The harsh, scared and disgusted words that the boy, who he had once had called a friend, had said, were even more painful than his first transformation. So since that day, Remus' only friends had been his second-hand books and own wondering thoughts. But then, after over six and a half miserable and very long years, came his Hogwards letter. He could still remember his mothers amazed expression and how he had felt something that he hadn't felt in a very long time. Hope . It had been a firm fact for many years, that he could never join a school for wizards and witches, so it came as a total surprise when the headmaster, Albus Dumbledore, had come to his house one late summer evening. He had invited Remus personally to his school and assured that he had arraged a safe place for him where he could go through his transformations without hurting anyone. Well, except himself. But he had got almost used to it. Almost. So he had of course accepted the offer and as he had hoped, being at Hogwards was much better than being at home alone and miserable. And that had been also thanks to the fact that for a long time in his life, he had got friends. But at first, when Sirius Black, James Potter and Peter Pettigrew had become his dormmates and tried to get to know him, he had shut himself in completely. Everytime he had thought to even talk to them, he had heard inside his head the hurting words that his former friend had said years ago. Monster . Freak . It made him remember that he wasn't normal. That he didn't deserve friends. But then again, there had been a part of him that had actually wanted to be friends with them. There was just something so marvellous and fastastic about his three fellow first years that he just couldn't ignore them anymore. They were laud (well exept Peter), clever and funny and there was just that something that had got Remus' attention. And then one day as he had sat in the Gryffindor common room doing his homework, he had overhead the three boys, sitting on the couch next to him, laughing and joking about some new prank they had had in their minds. And when James imitated a very angry professor McGonagall, Remus just couldn't help a small chuckle espace his mouth. The three boys had turned towards him immedeatly with wide, astonished eyes. Remus had quickly looked away, embarrased for being caught laughing at them, but after a moment of silence, he looked back and saw huge grins on their faces. "We did it James", Sirius had said triumphantly, his gaze never leaving Remus' just a moment then smiling face. "I can't believe we actually did it", James grinned goofily, even wider if possible, "We finally made him laugh!" "Frank owes us five Knuts", Peter piped out happily. "So, Remus, does this mean that you will finally accept a game of Exploding snap?" James had asked beaming and looked ready to run up to get the game. Remus had looked incrediously at their eager and even hopeful faces. Hopeful? They actually wanted him to be with them? His face had lit up at the thought and he felt a smile forming on his face. "Sure. Why not?" And that was how the three Gryffindor boys became four. Now Remus has been friends with them for almost two years and they have become nearly inseparables. The school pranksters, the Marauders, as everybody called them. Everything seemed perfect, but there was still that one thing bothering him. And it was his secret. His friends had lately seemed to know that something was off about him. He was gone a couple of days every month and the excuse of his mother being sick was getting a bit old. And then there were his scars. He has been able to hide most of them, since he always changed behind his curtains or in the bathroom, but the few scars on his face and palms were harder to hide. His friends had asked him once where did he get them and he had just shrugged and told them that he had had a very bad behaving dog when he was younger. Fortunately, James and Peter had seemed satisfied with the answer, but for some reason Sirius had looked at him a bit sceptically, like he might know something that even Remus didn't know. But thank Merlin, his grey eyed friend had dropped the subject anyway. But now they seemed to be really close on finding out the truth. The other day they had asked him if he was secretly a girl and had a period or something since he was always gone once a month. Remus had turned scarlet red and assured them, especially James who's incredious idea the whole thing was, that he was 100 percent a boy. James had been half relieved and half dissapointed. He had lost a galleon to a smirking Sirius. After that he had hoped that they would have been at last done with trying to find out his secret, but of course they weren't. It was just yesterday morning when he had woken up to hushed voices and noticed his three friends searching throught his stuff. He had asked what on earth were they doing and they had just somewhat awkwardly muttered that they all needed to borrow a quill, which was a very lame excuse, of course. He was sure that it wouldn't take them very long to finally find out what he was and then leave him alone. Because maybe he just was meant to be alone. They will probably be better off without him. Sometimes, he felt like he was a burden anyway. It was a late Saturday afternoon when Remus finally decided it. He had decided to tell his friends the truth. He knew what he was going to lose, but he also knew that he shouldn't have become their friend in the first place and it was terribly bothering him. It had been so wrong of him to lie to them and don't even be able to give them the chance to refuse to be friends with someone like him. He just hoped that they'll give him enough mercy and don't tell the whole school. He was walking through the crowded corridors, trying to gather all the courage he had. Maybe this was the reason that he was sorted into Gryffindor? Maybe the hat knew that he had enough courage to do this? Was he even making any sense? He stopped in front of the fat lady and took a deep breath. Could he do this? No, they will hate him. Yes, he couldn't be such a coward. No, he might be expelled . Yes, they deserved to know the truth. No, he had promised Dumbledore not to tell. Yes, he wouldn't be a bother to Madam Pomfey nor Dumbledore anymore. No... "Are going to just stand there and waste my time or do you want in?" Remus looked up, startled, and relaxed when he noticed that it was just the fat lady glaring at him. "Oh, umm...sorry. I was just umm...nothing. Faustum vinculum." The fat lady said nothing more as she opened the door. Remus tapped his fingers nervously at the covers of the books on his arms, before stepping into the warm and nearly empty common room. It was a Saturday afternoon, so everyone seemed to be outside on the grounds or in the library studying. Good, this way no one will overhear them. He looked around the empty room and was just heading to the dormitory to search for his friends, when a very familiar whispered voice got his attention. "Are you sure Sirius? I mean, that's a pretty serious accusation that you're making." Remus turned around and saw that his three best friends were sitting closely on a red couch next to the fireplace with their backs on him. James was looking at Sirius with pure consern. "Of course I am, you idiot! Why would I even bother telling you this if I wasn't sure!" Sirius spat and Remus felt knots forming in his stomatch. "Sure of what?" he asked suddenly, surprising even himself, as he walked nervously towards them. The three of them jumped in surprise and turned around with wide eyes. "Er... nothing, Sirius was just er... talking about...about the essay for tomorror! Yes! The essay!" Peter ejaculated, looking rather nervous. "Okay?" Remus said with a frown. There was no essay to do for tomorrow since tomorrow was Sunday, but he desided to let it go and focus on what he came to tell them. He sat carefully down on the armchair next to the couch and took a deep, shaky breath before talking. "Look, I...I have to tell you something." He was having second thoughts now, but before he had the chance to think more about them, Sirius spoke: "We know." Remus' eyes widened. "Wha...what?!" "We know", Sirius said bluntly, a bit slower this time. James and Peter nodded. "You...you know what exactly?" Remus asked nervously, even through he was pretty sure what. "We know you are a werewolf, Remus", James whispered gravely after checking that they were alone. It felt like all the air had been taken from his lungs. They knew already? How long had they known? Did they just find out or had they know for a long time? Had they just pretended