A/N: Hi! I know I should probably be working on Sovereign Affairs or Behemoth, but don't worry, they're both coming. Anyway, this is an if they lived AU, inspired by the Hebrew song Sigaliyot , or Violets, by David Broza. The song's quite beautiful and I recommend it even if you can't understand the language. Enjoy! Her mind-healer's tips were mostly think-positive-and-hope-for-the-best useless nonsense, but one of the things he told her that she took to heart was matching her breathing to something. The second hand on a clock perhaps, or Harry's steady, solemn blinks, or the incessant tapping of her husband's foot on the floor or finger on the table or knees against each other. Now, it was the dripping of the kitchen sink. Lily was sitting at the kitchen island, her eyes fixed on the silver faucet. Drip, exhale, two, three...drip, inhale, two, three... Tying her breathing to something else was very helpful to Lily. If she didn't have something telling her when, she'd simply forget to breathe. Lily heard the front door open and slam loudly, but the sound did not startle her as it might have a few months ago. The new potion her mind-healer had her on worked wonders. Hardly anything could scare her anymore. Hardly anything could make her feel anything anymore... Her husband came into the kitchen, their son in his arms. Harry was chatting happily, half gibberish, half real words he had learned. At nearly two, he was... a real person now . She nearly smiled as she remembered the phrase James would use whenever Harry did anything, like roll over or wave, but that was all Before. Lily had often felt, throughout her whole life, that she could divide everything into before and after. There was before she got her Hogwarts letter, and there was after. There was before Severus called her a Mudblood, and there was after. There was before Petunia stopped talking to her, and there was after. But only one thing was Before and After. "He didn't eat much," her husband said finally, not looking at her as he set Harry down in his high chair. Lily kept her eyes on the sink. "How much should I feed him," she said, trying and failing to make her words into a question. Like she couldn't even fake interest in her own son. James shrugged out of the corner of her eye. "Till he stops eating, I guess." Lily nodded, unsure if he was looking at her or not. She got up from her chair slowly, robotically, and made her way to the fridge. "I'm going to take a nap," James called over his shoulder. Lily didn't answer. This is how it was with them now. They spoke about Harry and where they were going. They rarely said why and they never discussed how it was when they got back. Not even like strangers. Strangers exchanged pleasantries, spoke of the weather and complimented each other on their coats and held the door for one another. Lily and James hadn't said a kind word to each other since November. Potter Manor was very helpful in avoiding in her husband, she reflected as she absentmindedly heated up mashed sweet potatoes for Harry with her wand. They had moved out of their house in Godric's Hollow the night he got in, and she supposed that was when it started. She was aware, vaguely, that James had not been in the house since his parents had died, his mother just a few days after his father, and she didn't even ask him if he was all right. Just clutched Harry to her chest and sobbed. She supposed she got a pass for that night. But as time went on? As the Wizarding world started tackling new problems and their old friends announcing weddings, pregnancies, new jobs, and more milestones? What was her excuse for staying stuck? And though her mind-healer had repeatedly assured her that she had been through a trauma, and would heal on her own time, when she was ready, she knew there was no forgiveness and no understanding for her secret sin, the one she kept hidden from her husband, behind locked doors in this too-big house and sealed in a box, charmed shut, shoved deep in wardrobe in a guest room. Guilt, one of the only emotions she could still feel clearly, was etched clearly onto her face, and as she placed Harry's little plastic bowl on his tray, she thought he could see right into her soul. He had stopped his babbling. He never did talk to her anymore, the way he used to, her little ray of sunshine and his made-up songs with made-up words to keep them company in hiding. She only ever heard him talk anymore when he chatted with James or when he was still on his euphoric high from visiting Sirius and Remus. Lily winced as she thought of her two old friends, whom she hadn't spoken to in more than just a while either, but not because of that. Because of who they reminded her of. She shut that part of her brain off. She was good at doing that. The potions helped. Instead, she watched Harry take his spoon and try to feed himself. He stuck the spoon in the bowl upright and quickly pulled it out and shoved it into his mouth, before the food slipped back into the bowl. The result was a very orange mess, but she didn't laugh the way she had the first time she and James had given Harry a utensil. "Here," she said softly, taking his arm in hers. "Like this," she said, tilting it. "If you hold it this way, the food won't fall off. See?" He watched her with his eyes-her own eyes exactly, and yet, so different-and they were patient, but not particularly kind. He used to adore her. She wasn't a completely terrible mother; at least she still wanted her son to like her. But it was so hard with him! And some people adored her without her having to even try... Lily switched tracks on her mind again, disgusted with herself. She still respected James, and would not think such thoughts in the presence of his son. "I'm sorry," she mumbled, and let go of his arm. He looked at her for a second more, then looked down at his bowl, and switched his arm back. She was vaguely aware of it hurting her. But she also knew it should have hurt more. Her son didn't think of her as his mother; shouldn't that kill her inside? Shouldn't that destroy her? Shouldn't she do everything in her power to repair their bond? Lily blamed the potions, but deep inside, the part of her that had not died that not, the part that was still a fierce young mother, deeply in love with her husband, and hopeful for the end of a long war...that part knew better. Because she was more than the sum of her emotions and the things that had happened to her, wasn't she? She still had a soul. She still could make choices. And she chose wrong. Every single time. A soft thud behind her, on the kitchen counter, rang in her ears long after it ended. Your choice , she thought to herself. Harry peered at what she knew had appeared behind her, curious. He was still discovering magic, and while he had mastered object permanence, things that appeared out of nowhere were quite a mystery to him. She didn't say anything as she got up, turned around, and grabbed the delivery, not looking at them, refusing to look at them while Harry was in the room. She crossed over to the main dining room and pressed her back to the wall, so that her son could not see her but he was still well within earshot. She felt guilt rise within her again, but she ignored it, and knew it would go away soon, for a time, anyway. Because clutched in her hands were the only things that could really make her feel alive. She opened them and looked down. In her left hand, a lily flower. She had not liked them as a child, because of how she used to be teased. When she hit her teens, flirting boys and girls would all, without fail, bring her roses, certain that lilies were overdone. (Except her husband, who had actually never brought her flowers. But she didn't like to think about him at times like this.) So Lily had actually never received any lily flowers, which was a shame, because there were many different types and they were all lovely. Her favourite, she decided, was the Avonlea, because it reminded her of sunsets. And...something else. This time the lily was a Stargazer, in various shades of pink up and down the petal. It had a bit of parchment tied to the stem, and on it was written, in writing she had come to know so well, Your lips are the middle-pink colour in the day and the edge-pink colour in the moonlight. In her right hand, a letter, with only her name on it. She opened it, sinking to the floor and laying the lily down beside her. Her heart fluttered at the mere nearness of the words. Dear Lily, it began. It was so lovely seeing you out and about this week. You had been looking so pale these past few months, stuck in that horrid house, and now your skin has gained some colour. Your face was glowing at the Auror Accommodation Ceremony. You took my breath away. I can only imagine what you would have done to me if you had smiled. But why would you smile? You've been through hell. You had to plead for your life, your son's life, in front of him . Your husband should have been faster, that night. Or gotten you real protection. He wasn't much company at the Accommodation Ceremony, either, I noticed. He didn't ask you to dance. What kind of idiot wouldn't ask you to dance? Even if you would not have said yes. I saw you had to put up with that Skeeter woman before she was escorted off the premises. I can't believe they let her in in the first place. You didn't talk most of the evening. Just held Harry tightly, or else watched him with his godfather. You didn't speak to him much, either, I saw, nor Remus Lupin. But you did Hestia Jones. I think that's wonderful progress, my love. I'm glad you had her to sit by you most of the evening. I know she calmed you. I'm not quite sure why the Auror Offices thought to invite you. I suspect if you never see another again in your life, it'll be too soon. (And never soon enough, for that night, of course.) It probably upset you-all those smug Purebloods, drowning in their family gold, healed so quickly from the war because they were never going to be caught in the crossfires, anyway. Safe behind their surnames and their wands...not like you and your son, not even safe in your own home. It torments me so not to be able to talk to you. To listen to you. I wish you could tell me what you're feeling yourself. I miss the sound of your voice, your laughter. I used to hear you sing, you know. It's been so long. Far too long. I wish I could take you far away-both of you, Harry and yourself. Maybe America. Along the Southern coast, on some Muggle beach. We could spend the days on the shore with Harry. I know you've always wanted to show him the sea. You think he'd like the seashells. But you'd be far too scared to let him run into the water. You'd think that he'd fall into some giant wave and drown or something-remember