A/N: Possibly the start of a new story! I have writer's block for Champion of the Sun, so I will be writing this for a while to clear my head. Thanks for reading, enjoy! NOTE: Their ages are different that in Rick Riordan's book, but don't get all pissy. Also, leave reviews for Percy's pairing, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be Reyna. Hehe Percy and Jason have trouble with their R's . . . Chapter One: The Children Unknown The famous actress looked down upon her three children in joy as they ran around the living room, tumbling over one another with bright smiles and joyous laughs. Her oldest, Thalia, was playing with the other two—twin brothers—holding them both in headlocks. Thalia had just turned five and her brothers were now four. The actress, Julia Grace, watched her twins—Jason and Percy—helplessly struggle in their older sister's grasp, but laughing mirthfully all the while. Julia watched with eyes filled with care and love, only wishing their father could see them now. That's when Julia's mood swung. Her eyes began to water slightly at the remembrance of Zeus—Jupiter, for the twins—and she felt a massive hole in her heart. Julia loved him—she knew she shouldn't, but she did anyway. She loved his intoxicating smell of ozone, a smelt he kids now carry with them, only to painfully remind Julia of her lover, and his gentle hands holding her. But Zeus/Jupiter had left her behind. She knew it was going to happen, but she clung to false hope, trying to convince herself that he loved her and would never leave her. She was wrong. So, so terribly wrong. Zeus left right after the twins' birth, not even giving Julia a proper goodbye. She resented him for it, but she also loved him, therefore making it virtually impossible for her to hate him completely. She needed Zeus, and he left her behind. All alone. "Mommy? Why aw you cwying?"Percy asked kindly, walking up to the couch where she was seated. Thalia had let go of Jason, staring warily at Julia. Thalia knew what happened whenever she cried. Julia glared at her son, her mood changing from love to sadness to fury. However, that's how alcoholics are: unpredictable. Julia became infuriated as she stared at her son, studying his electric blue eyes and black hair like Thalia's. His eyes—oh, his eyes —Julia could find herself completely immersed and lost in the vast expanse, the same color as the sky. Same color as Zeus's eyes. And for that, she hated him. Julia roughly kicked Percy to the floor and onto his back. "YOU LOOK SO MUCH LIKE HIM!" She screamed as tears began to rapidly fall down her cheeks, "YOU REMIND ME SO MUCH OF HIM! HE LEFT ME! HE LEFT ME !" Thalia rushed forward and wrapped her arms around her baby brother, pulling him away from Julia. Ms. Grace wasn't done—oh no, she wasn't even close to being done. Julia rushed into the kitchen, kicking aside stray beer cans as she passed through the living room. She reached into the fridge, pulling out a six-pack of Miller Lite. She was thoroughly sobbing now; she quickly returned to the couch, popping the cap off a bottle and taking a large swig. She coughed and sobbed at the same time, causing some of the beer to drip out of her mouth and spill onto her lap. She laughed maniacally before reached forward and putting a hand gently on a trembling Percy's cheek. "You look so much like him," she cooed softly, with a strange glint in her eye, "you have his eyes." Percy raised a trembling hand to his mother's arm. "M-Mommy?" "CURSE YOU, ZEUS!" She screamed, slapping Percy and shoving Thalia away in the process, "YOU LEFT ME! YOU FUCKING LEFT M-ME! HE LOOKS SO MUCH LIKE YOU!" Julia began chugging the beer, slowly rocking back and forth. "He loved me, children. He loved me so much . . ." It was a lie. -X- The kids had finally gone to bed, leaving their mother passed out on the couch with five empty bottles on the floor and one half-full on in their mother's loose grip. The house was silent until a small pop and a flash of light. Standing in his trademark pinstripe suit was Zeus himself, gazing around the house in shock. Noticing the empty beer bottles, he wondered if Julia had drunk all of this alcohol. Finally, he turned around, only to intake breath sharply. He walked over to his lover's unconscious form, feeling insurmountable guilt gnaw at his insides. He had heard her curses, and assumed that she was just angry. He had no idea she would do . . . this. Zeus's electric blue eyes never left her face as he shook her awake gently. "Go the hell to bed, Percy, Mommy is fine, dammit," she slurred harshly, her breath smelling terribly of alcohol. Zeus's eyes widened. She used that kind of language with her kids? What had happened to the kind and innocent actress known as Julia Grace? "It's not Percy, honey," Zeus replied softly, channeling his inner kindness. Her eyes snapped open, seemingly more alert. They were still glazed over and unfocused, but they widened as they locked with Zeus's. "Z-Zeus?" She stammered, partly from intoxication, and partly from shock. Zeus nodded, almost timidly. She raised her hands to his face, dropping the beer bottle onto his foot without even noticing. "You've come back? For me?" She asked hopefully, her eyes filling with tears of joy. Zeus felt guilt eat at his insides once more. "N-No, Julia. It's the children . . . they can't be together anymore." Julia's mood darkened. "YOU HEARTLESS BASTARD! HOW DARE YOU COME HERE AND DICTATE HOW MY CHILDREN INTERACT? GET OUT! OUT!" Zeus shied away, either not noticing or not caring that Percy and Thalia were listening from the staircase, unseen. Zeus had come here to tell her that his Roman children needed to be separated from Thalia. It was dangerous for Greeks and Romans to mix, even if they were siblings. Zeus hated doing this to his own children, but it was necessary. "Julia, you need to—" Zeus began. "SHUT UP! SHUT UP! I HATE YOU! I LOVED YOU, AND YOU LEFT ME! YOU RUINED ME! LEAVE!" She bellowed, the putrid smell of alcohol wafting out of her mouth. As soon as she was done with her furious outburst, she collapsed onto his feet, sobbing violently. Zeus hesitantly bent down and awkwardly hugged her, hoping she would listen long enough to be convinced. "Julia, you have to take them to the Wolf House tomorrow," Zeus explained. Julia just nodded. Fortunately for Zeus, Thalia and Percy retreated to their rooms when their mother began screaming, so they heard nothing about being separated. Come the morrow, Thalia would believe Jason and Percy to be dead. -X- Percy Percy woke up on the floor. His back felt like he had slept on wood—wait, he did. Percy pushed himself into a sitting position, realizing that he had, in fact, slept on wooden boards. He was lying in what seemed to be the foyer of a dilapidated mansion; the tapestry and paint had peeled off the walls, while cobwebs had successfully conquered most corners of the house. Sunlight shone through holes in the ceiling and walls, allowing the cool and crisp morning air to waft through the apertures. Percy frowned, not exactly remembering how he got there. Then, his heart leapt into his throat as he remembered his siblings: Thalia and Jason. Where were they? Were they okay? Was he near them? Half of his answer was answered as he heard a quiet snore behind him. Percy whirled around in fright, instinctively jumping into some sort of defensive stance that he didn't know he knew. Percy lowered his arms and smiled as he found his twin sleeping soundly on the floor, his mouth open and drool dripping out. Percy woke his brother by jumping on him, driving his elbow into Jason's stomach. "Ouch!" Jason screamed, shoving Percy off him angrily, but with the corners of his mouth twitching upwards. Percy sat up again before growing serious again. "Jason whewe (where) awe we?" Jason looked around and looked upset before his eyes began to water. "Thawia?" He asked hopefully. "Thawia!" Percy screamed, hoping that she was just in a different room, and that she would race in and give him a warm hug, calling him Thunder Butt to make him laugh. Percy frantically looked for his big sister—his idol. Jason had collapsed onto his butt, crying forlornly. Warm and salty tears began to fall down his face as he plopped down next to his brother. They hugged each other, Percy becoming extremely thankful that he had a twin. They sat like that for a couple moments before they heard a soft growl. The brothers became silent immediately, straining their ears to see if another growl would sound. When they heard a second one, Percy and Jason both turned their attention to the front door, where a giant brown wolf stood, resting on its haunches. "I am a she , Perseus, not an it ," the wolf reprimanded. Percy stared at the wolf in astonishment, utterly surprised and terrified that it—she—could talk and read his mind. How had she known his name? If wolves could smile, this one definitely did. "I am Lupa, mother of Rome. You two are here to be tested." Jason, being the more civilized brother (Percy liked to be sarcastic and rebellious) asked politely—and shakily—why they were here. Lupa gave a wolfish grin and padded towards the boys slowly. "You two are true Romans: two that will help New Rome rise to the power it once had. You two will achieve the unachievable, sons of Jupiter." Percy furrowed his eyebrows, tear tracks still present on his cheeks like footsteps in snow. "Womans (Romans)? Sons of Jupiter?" Lupa nodded her wolf head. "Jupiter, Roman god of the sky, and king of the gods, is your father. You are a demigod, the offspring of both mortal and immortal." Jason spoke up unsurely. "D-Do you know our daddy?" For a moment, Lupa's yellow eyes filled with pity and solemnity. Although, it was gone as fast as it came, being replaced by a steely gaze. "Yes, young ones, I do. I will be training you until you are ready to make the journey to your sanctuary. Are you ready to begin?" She asked. "Wait," Percy exclaimed. Seeing Lupa's attentive face, he continued, "whewe (where) is our sister Thawia? Is she hewe (here)?" Lupa was silent for a moment. "I'm sorry. Your sister is dead." -X- Percy Percy sprinted as fast as he could, Lupa's words echoing in his words all the while. " Go west to and your home. Your brother will follow shortly. Beware, young one, you will have to make difficult choices ," Lupa had warned. Percy was currently in a forest heading west, according to the compass Lupa gave him. Percy was only four, but he was extremely mature for his age. He knew what the word dead meant. It meant Thalia wasn't coming back. His mother was an unstable, drunken bitch (not that he knew that, of course) and wouldn't console him a bit if he ever went home (he knew that, though), so this was his only option. Percy believed Lupa when she explained what being a demigod was; he had occasions when people screamed that he shocked them during school, but that was only when he got angry. Percy and his brother had been training for a month before Lupa allowed them to try to reach New Rome. She made it clear that she and her pack wouldn't assist them, so Percy knew he would die if he messed up. Percy was dashing in a halcyon, autumn colored forest that seemed to be untouched by industry or civilization, but not