A/N: Rewrite for Rangers of Apollo! I hope you guys like it. Please leave reviews for plot ideas and other things like pairings, etc. Just thought I would let you know. Enjoy! This will start in Ancient Greece, by the way. 3 rd Person POV A woman ran through the forest. Her chest was heaving, and her breaths were ragged. She felt like her lungs would explode and her chest would split open if she kept sprinting. Her legs burned as if they were lit on fire. Her calves screamed for rest, but the woman wouldn't allow it. She continued to stumble through the forest, tripping over tree roots and shoving her way past low branches. She was so close. The woman was almost safe. Almost. The woman came to the edge of the forest, finding the beach she had been so desperately looking for. She gasped for air and her knees buckled. She collapsed face-first onto the beach, accidently dropping a small bundle that she carried in her arms. The woman was completely depleted of energy, and she knew she didn't have much time left. She could hear the yells of her pursuers getting progressively more audible. The woman weakly scooped the bundle into one of her arms, as she frantically dragged her entire body forward with one hand, nearing the ocean. The voices were so near that she could hear the words distinctly, which only inspired her to move quicker. "Find that demigod! I don't care if you have to burn down the forest to find that sea spawn! Find him!" A gruff voice shouted. The woman reached the ocean. "Poseidon," she whispered, "Save our boy." With that, she placed the baby so the incoming waves could touch him. Crunching leaves and snapping twigs alerted her from behind. She rolled over on her back to see three men. The one in front held a massive broadsword, and was wearing full, Greek-style armor. He was abnormally tall, and his eyes seemed to burn with a raging fire, and radiated power. His mouth quirked into a sadistic smile as if he had been waiting a long time to do this. The woman knew this man was divine. She knew her life would end soon, but she need to save her son. "Poseidon, please," The woman prayed quietly, "Help our Perseus." The two men behind the taller one had spears and shields, dressed in armor that covered their entire bodies. Their helms were the regular Greek-style as well, and shielded their faces from view. The woman stood protectively in between Perseus and the three men, who were approaching slowly, prolonging the woman's time with the living. She put a determined scowl on her face stood defensively. The tall man laughed and the fire in his eye sockets seemed to grow larger. "You've got guts, mortal, I'll give you that. I see why Poseidon picked you." The woman attempted to look brave, but she was utterly terrified. "W-Why do want to kill us?" The tall man sighed deeply, and it sounded sincere. "I'm sorry. I really am. But I follow orders. Lord Zeus ordered me to find and eliminate the boy because of a prophecy that has been spoken by Apollo's oracle. The boy will have the power to topple the gods. Zeus won't allow the boy to live. I'm sorry." The man stepped forward and before the woman could react, the broadsword was driven through her chest. She felt unimaginable pain, and then the cold release of death. She felt her soul draining from her body as her blood splattered the sandy beach. She collapsed on the ground, exhaling her last breath in the over-world. The tall man stepped over the woman's lifeless body, sending a silent prayer to Hades. Truthfully, the man felt awful about murdering the two. Sure, he may have been the war god, but he promoted war, not murder. In war, armies clashed and honor was a highly valued attribute in both armies. But what Ares was doing wasn't honorable, in any sense of the word, and he knew it. And he despised it. Every molecule of his being fought against his orders. But he couldn't disobey a direct from the king of the gods. He would be punished severely, possibly kicked off the Olympian Council. Nearly every god voted for the boy's death. The only ones who voted him to live were himself, Hermes, Demeter, Poseidon, and Apollo. Ares couldn't disobey the orders, because not only would he be disobeying Zeus, he would be disobeying seven of the other Olympians. It would be an act of treason. It had to be done. But Ares didn't have to like it. Killing an eleven-month old, defenseless baby? It wasn't righteous. It was cruel. As Ares stepped forward to the baby, a colossal tidal wave rose on the beach, drawing all the nearby water into it. It loomed treacherously over Ares, like it was threatening to swamp him and drag him off into the ocean. Ares understood what was happening. Poseidon wouldn't let his boy die. Fatal flaw of Poseidon. Loyalty. He wouldn't let his own flesh and blood die without a fight. Ares got the message. "Take him, Poseidon. You know I didn't want to do this. Keep him hidden. I'll tell Zeus he is dead. I swear on the Styx I won't betray you." Ares said. Thunder boomed in the distance, solidifying the promise. The tidal wave lowered, scooping up the bundle and carried him farther out into the ocean. A figure rose from the sea, who then picked up the baby. Ares gazed out at the figure, seeing the familiar emerald eyes filled with hate and grief. His salt and pepper beard and locks of hair seemed to turn even whiter as his gaze fell on his dead mortal lover. His tan arms tightened around the child and Poseidon sent a meaningful look at Ares. Ares nodded in recognition and turned to the two men behind him, who were watching the interaction with awe. Ares didn't even hesitate as he killed them both. He couldn't have witnesses. They were weak-minded mortals who would tell any god the first chance they got. Ares turned back and looked at the sea, but Poseidon was already gone, leaving the sea swirling angrily. Ares sighed deeply. He knew he had done the right thing, whether the gods were overthrown in the end, or not. He just hoped it was the former. Poseidon's POV (3 rd Person) Poseidon hurried into his palace at Atlantis. He shoved past the throne room doors to find Amphitrite sitting on her throne, next to Poseidon's. Her eyes widened as her eyes landed on the bundle in his arms. She rose slowly from her chair and hustled to her spouse. Poseidon had a pleading look in his eyes. Amphitrite had absolutely no chance against that look. But she was furious; he was unfaithful. He had found a mortal, instead of being with her. Amphitrite was tired of his traitorous ways when it came to love. There was no way in Hades she would raise that . . . half-breed. "I won't let you keep him." She stated harshly. Poseidon's eyes darkened. "Amphitrite, my dear, his family is dead! Zeus wants to kill him! We can't let him out of our sight!" Amphitrite's face twisted into an expression of pure betrayal and anger. "If you hadn't gone and had a child with another mortal, you wouldn't be in this situation in the first place, Poseidon! Are you not happy with me? Am I not good enough to satisfy you?" Poseidon's eyes lost all anger and remorse filled them. "Amphitrite, I—" "Do you know how much it hurts, Poseidon? To be betrayed over and over? To feel like you are inadequate?" Amphitrite inquired. Poseidon didn't know his wife was hurt this much by his actions. He felt incredibly guilty, like a three-hundred pound weight had just fallen onto his shoulders. His heart felt like lead, the guilt eating away at his insides. Amphitrite's eyes stung with tears. As soon as they began to leak out of her eyes, a thumb gently brushed them away. Poseidon gazed at her, the sea-green eyes that she loved filled with remorse and tenderness. He leaned in and kissed her softly, before pressing his forehead against hers. He carefully held Perseus in one of his arms. "Amphitrite, I am so sorry. You're right. I have been a horrible husband and I'm ashamed. I will make it up to you in any way possible. But please, my wife, raise the child with me. Hold him for a moment before you decide." Poseidon said. Poseidon gently handed Amphitrite the child. As soon she got the baby, she held him close to her chest. He opened his little eyes to reveal familiar sea-green eyes, just like his father's. He had a messy little tuft of jet-black hair on his head, much like his father's. Amphitrite gazed at the child with affection as she softly ran her index finger along his cheek. The small boy moved his tiny hand out of the blanket he was bundled in, and gripped Amphitrite finger tightly. The small child let out a delighted squeal and giggled as he played with Amphitrite's finger. Amphitrite found herself smiling lovingly at the boy. "What is his name?" "Perseus." Poseidon replied quietly as he wrapped an arm around Amphitrite and pulled her close to his chest, so Perseus was in between the two. Amphitrite looked up at the man she loved. "We can keep him. I will raise him as my own." Poseidon was so elated that he leaned over and planted a huge kiss on Amphitrite's lips. She smiled cheerfully at her husband's happiness and leaned her head into his chest, carefully making sure that she didn't drop Perseus. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad. ~Fifteen Years Later, Training Area, Atlantis A sixteen-year-old boy stabbed forward with his spear, only to be blocked by a shield. The boy recovered fast enough to turn his spear sideways and catch an overhead swing that was aimed for his head. The boy feinted left before slamming the butt of his spear into the ribcage of his opponent, eliciting a pain filled, "Oomph." His opponent lifted his shield just in time to block the follow up blow. The sixteen year old swung his spear in a staff-like motion, sweeping at his opponent's feet. His opponent skillfully jumped over the spear before slamming his shield into the boy's face. The sixteen year old stumbled backwards in a daze from the sheer force behind the shield bash. His opponent stabbed with his sword, but the boy sidestepped and retaliated by driving the blunt tip of his spear into his opponent's exposed side, effectively pushing him back. The boy swiped with his spear like a sword, slicing a shallow gash across his opponent's chest. His opponent responded by nicking the boy's arm with his sword. The boy clenched his jaw and ignored the pain as he held his spear horizontally, forcefully shoved his opponent backwards, and then swung the blunt end of the spear like a baseball bat; the end of the spear connected roughly with his opponent's head. The sixteen year old could see his opponent's eyes rattle in his skull before falling to the ground without much grace. His opponent tried to swing his sword at the boy, but he blocked it with the shaft of his spear and the knocked the sword from his opponent's grasp. As one last attempt to stay in the fight, his opponent lifted his shield and tried to block the boy's onslaught of attacks, but the boy ended up wrenching it from his opponent's grip by using the spear for leverage, like a crowbar. If his opponent wanted to hold on to the shield, it would have broken his arm. The boy didn't hesitate for a second as he straddled his downed opponent