I first see her standing behind a stall, her hand cupping her eyes against the sun. I cannot see them; her fingers shade them. I find myself wondering what colour they are. Brown, I guess first, as her skin is gold, like honey, like the raw sugar that I spoon into my coffee by the bucket load in the mornings. Green is my next thought, since her long black hair is straight and her smile is slow, almost feline. She gives the smile freely, and I feel a strange stab of jealousy for each man who receives it. I make my way to her, my feet almost moving out of their own volition. The crowd parts for me; they know who I am. She, I realise, does not. She waits, one hand on her hip, her other fingers tapping against the wooden table in front of her. I stare, dumbly, for she is beautiful. She is long and lean; though still a head shorter than me. Her face is soft, her cheeks are flushed pink in the sun and her mouth is like one of the paintings in Father's study: a rosebud mouth, a kissable mouth. Slim hands and long fingers spread in front of her. She wants to know what I want, though she lacks the words and instead asks me what I desire. My eyes immediately fall to the swell of her breasts under the drab, brown gown. "What do you desire, my lord?" she asks again and I swallow, then think. "The usual fare," I reply and she raises a slim, black eyebrow. I know what she is thinking: a Gondorian, asking for the normal fare served in this eating place that I know is run by an old woman with skin as dark as this goddess' hair. She is thinking that I am mad, or looking for trouble, or both. She shrugs, walks out from behind the table and pulls out a chair for me by a small bench in the corner. "Wait," she says, her accent thick and heavy. I nod. I will wait. I watch her as she serves the other patrons; some are honey skinned, like her, and others are men like me, though they are older and I know they have tasted the Southern food that is served here from the very source, in times long passed. Her hair is loose, a scandal in the White City, where some matrons pull their hair up so tightly that their eyes bulge. A disturbing sight. I wait, like she has instructed, and take in the way her apron clings to her waist, the way her bare ankles reveal themselves when she reaches above her head for more wine or boxes of this and that. I wait, until she disappears through a door, into the kitchen. She emerges with a tray and I lean back in my chair, appreciate of the way her lips curve into her catlike smile. She sets the tray down on the vacant bench beside me and unloads a bowl of stew that is a dark, rich red. Next is a plate of rice, drizzled with melted butter. My mouth waters and I nod my thanks, feeling famished. She smiles again. I can almost believe that the smile is for me alone, as she waits for me to take a bite before she leaves, waits to see my eyes close in satisfaction. Her lips part when I knock my fingers against the wood. "Good," I pronounce and I am not only referring to the food. "Good," she smiles widely. Her eyes are blue. I return to the eatery three weeks later, this time under the cover of night. I have a new wound, a cut above my eyebrow, from a bastard who thought that my sword would not reach him. It did. What possesses me to return? I do not know, though I have spent many nights tossing and turning, unable to sleep properly for my dreams of this woman, this enchantress, this temptress. I bring Faramir along with me, who is, by some miracle, back from Ithilien in time for my birthday. "You want to eat here?" he asks as we arrive at the stall in the middle of the markets that line the third lowest wall of the city. "There's someone I want you to see," I reply, ignoring his answering groan. "If you wanted a woman, you could've gone down to the last walls. No need to drag me into it." I stop, run a hand through my hair. "She's not… It's not…" I try feebly. We begin walking again. "Boromir," says Faramir, his eyes fit to bust. "Not a Southern woman?" By this time we're standing in front of the stall, but I can't see her. I turn to my brother. "It's nothing. But I want you to see her, see if I'm being an idiot." "Of course you're being an idiot," he states. "But I'll come anyway. I'm starving and curious." I clap him on the back and we enter, ignoring the surprised looks from the Southern men and our own, paler Gondorians. There's no one to greet us, so I head to the back and we sit at the table she gave me before. The noise reaches a deafening level again, as the rest of the customers slowly get over the shock of seeing the two sons of the Steward sitting a few feet away from them. Glasses are clinked, some with dark red wine, others with mead, and a few with a drink called liquid fire, a Southern liquor that slaps a man in the face with its aniseed flavour. We sit and wait, and begin to talk. "What about Adrahil?" Faramir says, as we go through the list of recruits that have changed hands recently. Some can't handle a Ranger's life, others prefer it, and so it is not an out of the ordinary conversation. "A prat of the lowest order," I dismiss the new arrival before looking for a redeeming quality when Fara frowns. "But good in archery. Sent him off to train under Hirgon. And Eradan? Can he handle it? Sorry for palming him off to you," I shrug, "but he had no idea what he was doing. Father was convinced he would improve, said he had good lineage, in case that means anything in front of a sword. Who's his father again?" "Some noble in Lossarnach," Fara answers and I roll my eyes. "Anyway, I thought you might be able to get your men to drum some sense into him. Thought he might work better with a knife instead of a long sword, as he can throw well. Have they? Drummed sense into him?" Fara grins wolfishly. "They have," he confirms and I can't hold back a guffaw. My stomach rumbles and I look around again, searching for her, when my breath catches at the familiar sight of a river of black hair. I nudge my brother. He turns, only slightly, ever a man of stealth. I hear his low exhale, which I echo when I see that she is wearing a different dress. This one is blue, still in the same no nonsense shape but for some reason it's better. I can clearly see the outline of her waist and backside, as she has her back to us. She's stretching on her toes, her hands ferreting around for something in a top cupboard until she comes back down to earth with two glass jars of spices. My enchantress looks as beautiful as ever in the light of all the torches. She has no adornments, no jewelry but her tanned skin glows, and her hair is loose, falling down her back. I am struck by an urge to go to her and I half rise in my chair until Fara pulls me back down. She looks up at the movement. I see her blink, black lashes covering her blue eyes. She walks over, slowly and steadily, her hips swaying; not in the suggestive, exaggerated ways of the women of the walls below us, but in a natural way, as if she was born to roll her hips in front of me. My trousers are suddenly all too tight; I am grateful for the cover of the bench. She doesn't ask us what we desire. I dare to imagine that her past words were only for me, because she laces her fingers together and asks what we want to order. "Whatever is cooking," I say, unable to stop my mouth from curving at the corner. "Wine or ale?" she asks next and I pause. Fara asks if they have any liquid fire left. Her cheeks colour and she nods, disappearing back into the kitchen. "Liquid fire?" I question him with raised eyebrows. He shrugs. "Long day." I nod my head slowly and say nothing. We have come from a meeting with Father, who was as hot and cold as ever. Father's relationship with the two of us is a strange one. He is closed off most of the time, though sometimes he'll say something that makes me remember when he was kind and happy. Now, I often see him emerging from his study with a glass eyed look, and he is short with the both of us, though more so with my brother. "So?" I turn our conversation back to the reason why we are here. He looks right at me and shakes his head. "She'll consume you." I agree, though I am surprised by Fara's words. He is the half that I lack – the calmer, level headed, politer half. I agree, but I do not dare to admit that I do not want to have her just to sate myself. I want to have her and keep her, for me, for my eyes only. She has stirred something in me, a desire I thought I did not have. Turns out I do and it rears its head with a vengeance as I take a deep breath in and smell the remnants of her scent, clinging to the air where she has stood. Rosewater on her skin, lavender on her clothes. "She'll consume you," Fara repeats. "How?" "Look at her," he says and I do. She has come out with one tray balancing against her hip and the other in her hand. Her keen eyes take in how we are seated and she smiles. "Brother?" she asks me as she unloads the food and drinks. Grilled meat this time. I feel my words stick in my throat – I haven't thought that she may return my half crazed longing, haven't thought that she might return my interest. "Yes," Fara extends his hand courteously, as if she is a noble woman and he might kiss her knuckles. She doesn't know what to do with it. She stares at it, until he laughs and lays it down on the table. "You're hurt," she says to me, her brows knitting together in a frown as she looks at the gash above my eye. I notice her hand reach out, as if she wants to run a finger over the cut, but she tucks it behind her back. "No," I shake my head and I don't miss how she looks relieved. She takes another look at my brother and I, and I see how she is assessing us, wondering why we have come together. Fara's politeness will be the death of him one day, but it's done us well because she joins her hands again, smiles at us and walks back to the table at the front of the stall. "Consume me?" I return to his previous words. "Look at you," he grins. "You're a mess already, and you don't even know her name." I have to nod, everything he says is correct. "Besides," he continues, "how long has it been since you have even had a proper conversation with a woman?" I think.