Hey everyone! MC here! This prologue tells the ending of our previous victor from the 38th Hunger Games Austin Hexson! Austin and other characters mentioned in this prologue are from the previous installment to the "Blood" series: "Bound By Blood." We have a link to this Fanfiction on our profile, so be sure to check it out and see the beginning of Austin's story! ~MC Prologue: A Victor Shall Rise Austin Hexson , 18 ~ District 5 Victor MCPBN Rift-the District 9 boy-meanders toward us, smirking, a glint in his eyes. "Well, well, if it isn't both of the District Fives," he says, idly twirling a knife between his fingers. "I didn't expect you to last this long." "Next time, don't assume so much," Ampere calls. I almost tell her that there isn't going to be a next time, but keep my mouth shut. Rift smiles, clearly amused. "So, which one of you wants to die first?" I instinctively push Ampere behind me. His gaze shifts to her, then back. "Ah, we have a volunteer." I turn my head towards Ampere, and mumble under my breath, "Remember our plan." She nods reluctantly, pulling out her knife. I face Rift, steeling myself and gripping my electric whip tightly. "That's right, say your goodbyes." Rift rolls his shoulders. His knife has stopped twirling. "Now!" I yell. Ampere bolts to the right. Rift's attention is diverted for only a split second, but in that time I am able to charge and swing my whip toward his torso. I have to let Ampere kill him, but wounding him will assist in that endeavor. I can't kill Rift; if I do, it'll be only Ampere and me left in the arena, and I would have to kill her. He dodges, and I tackle him around his midsection. We both go down. My whip crackles as it comes in contact with the snow, and I smell burnt fabric; it must have touched one of us. We tumble, him trying to get on top of me, me trying to get my whip to make contact with him without electrocuting myself. Or maybe, if I did, Ampere wouldn't have to kill him. With this new idea alight in my head, I begin trying to wrap it around both of us. Then Rift finally pins me. He smiles as he raises his knife. The blade reflects sunlight, and I catch a glimpse of a wavy figure running towards us. No! I cry in my head. Not yet; I'm not dead yet! But before I can relay this message to Ampere, I feel Rift's weight lift and roll off of me. Damn, damn, damn! The word echoes, driving me to roll over and hop up. Ampere must have kicked him or tackled him to be able to knock him off me. Ampere is standing over Rift, kicking him in the side. She's yelling something that I can't comprehend due to the blood pumping in my ears. "Use the knife!" I scream at the top of my lungs. I realize that I shouldn't have, because it means he may be dead, leaving only her and me. Ampere raises her knife above her head. But I notice that Rift has a knife tucked between his fingers. The scene plays out in my mind two seconds before it happens-I can only get out "Look!" before Rift blocks Ampere's descending weapon and lodges his in her gut. Ampere gasps-I expect a loud scream or shout of pain, but only a gasp. I, on the other hand, go crazy. "NO!" I yell, until my voice dies. Ampere turns toward me, face paling, the knife still in her abdomen. She takes a small, shaky step and then falls onto the snow. I feel like the horror of seeing her stabbed might make me crumple. My vision blacks around the edges. My knees quake. My blood boils while Rift stands, grinning broadly, and the veins in my neck pop as I rush him. He throws a knife at me, but I dodge it, slinging my whip around his extended arm. Rift convulses as electricity shoots through his system. He does have the sense to bring another knife around and cut my whip in half; he pulls it off his arm, which jumps back and forth, hair standing on end. His eyes twitch. I jump and kick his chest. He stumbles back a few feet, and I bend to grab the other half of the whip in my left hand. Two smaller whips are better than one. I lift my head, and feel a stinging, then burning pain crawl up my cheek as the sound of Rift's knife slices past my ear. Blood spills from the wound, pooling between my lips and trickling down my chin; I force myself not to reach for it. Rift must have recovered. But not completely, due to the angle and placement that the knife grazed me. He wobbles slightly as he stands, but regains his balance. I push myself forward, barreling into him again. We somersault over one another, and somehow he manages to prop me up onto his boots and throw me over his head. I land hard; though I shoot my hands out to catch myself, it doesn't work, and I end up flipping onto my back. Something pops in my neck. For a moment, I'm unable to move. With all my strength, I twist my neck; the pain dulls as I hear another popping sound. I lift my head and see Rift charging at me; I roll to the side. One of his throwing knives is right within my reach. Rift curses under his breath, and lunges at me once again. I grab for the knife, but I'm pulled back before I can reach it. Something cold and sharp sinks into my shoulder-I scream in pain. Rift twists a knife between my humerus and scapula bones. I hear an awful-sounding pop as my arm dislocates and goes completely numb. He flips me over and sits on my stomach, his knees on my elbows. I groan. The pain from my arm shoots into my head, causing my vision to blur. Rift unsheathes a final knife. I shift my head enough that the blade only nicks my ear. An arm slips out from under his knee, but it's my dead one, and I can't lift it. I turn my head, and bite Rift's hand. He screams and falls off of me. I grab my whip with my good hand, and wrap it around his arm. He immediately convulses, screaming at the top of his lungs. I make sure not to touch him, as I too would be electrocuted. After a few more seconds, Rift falls to the ground, unconscious, still jumping from the surging electricity. I get up slowly, making sure I don't put pressure on my dislocated arm. I haven't heard a cannon, so Rift's heart must still be beating. I think of just stabbing him and ending it, but my need to run to Ampere is too great. As far as I know, there wasn't a cannon for her either...unless in the commotion, I didn't hear it. I roll her onto her back. She looks like she's asleep, but I know she must be dead. For the first time in eighteen years, I cry. One of my tears falls on Ampere's cheek. If I didn't know better, I'd swear I saw her flinch ever so slightly. No, it can't be possible. I inspect her face closer. Her eyes flutter, and then open. I sob in relief. "Ampere! Ampere!" She smiles back at me. "Hey." I am almost fooled into believing that she will actually be okay. But the knife must have damaged at least one organ, and she's probably bleeding internally. This is our last conversation. "Why? Why did you do that?" I ask. "I couldn't just let you sacrifice yourself like that. I would have felt like a jerk for the rest of my life." She coughs. "It should be a fair game between the two of us-we both should have a chance to die. Pretty logical, right?" It is logical, but I don't want this to happen. "I was supposed to protect you. I failed, Ampere, and I'm so sorry." I turn my face away from her in shame. "Hey," she says, reaching to gently turn my head back, "we were supposed to protect each other. And we did." "No. I didn't get you out of here." "Yes, you did. I am getting out of this arena, Austin, and so...are you." Her voice breaks a little. "That's what I hoped for since we got in here. And now it's coming true. Maybe…maybe not how you planned, but it came true." "I don't know if I can live, knowing that you died." She coughs again, a little blood splattering onto my face. "You have Sally and Rick. You'll be fine. Just...just remember..." I start to panic, thinking she may not be able to get it out. "Remember what?" "I'll always be with you. I love you, brother. And...thank you." Her gaze turns glassy, and her hand slowly falls from my cheek. There's a silent moment where I just stare at her. Then I find my voice. "Ampere?" God, no. "Please, please don't leave me. Not yet. I love you too! Please hear me." I grip her hand, and for a second her hand squeezes mine. She heard me! She must have. The cannon fires. I collapse on top of her, washing her face with my tears. I don't know how long I lay there, hugging Ampere as if she were alive. I whisper one last goodbye...then pull the knife from her abdomen, toss it as far away as I can, and reluctantly clear the area. Rift's cannon booms a few moments later, and a hovercraft appears. Metal claws pick Ampere up first. For a moment, I think that the claws are going to crush her...but they lift her into the sky, and she's gone. Really, truly gone. When the second hovercraft leaves, the booming voice of Lucio Tenorfield echoes around me. "Ladies and gentlemen, I am pleased to present the victor of the Thirty-eighth Hunger Games, Austin Hexson-the boy from District Five!" . . . The crowd above me is making so much noise, laughing and pounding their feet, I can hear them through the floor. For a second, it sounds like the screams from the Cornucopia. The horror. Hearing the gong go off. The pain in my side. Ampere helping me as people die all around us. "Austin." I start, coming back to reality. My mentor Shilo stands behind me, wearing a thin smile. "Are you ready?" I'm standing on a metal platform. Soon, it will lift me onto the stage, where I'll be crowned. I'm as ready as I'll ever be. I nod. My prep team, stylist, and Nero have already been introduced, and now there's just Shilo and me. Vanth was technically my mentor, but he's in such a drunken state that we decided to just roll with her. It's been five days since I was lifted out of the arena, and I've spent most of that time hooked up to a machine. Every night, I woke from a nightmare and felt Ampere's presence in my room. I screamed, begging her to show herself. This should be enough to admit me to an asylum-but Shilo assured me that almost all victors feel this way. "You look good," Shilo says. I'm wearing a navy-blue suit with gold buttons and cufflinks. "Now you have to act sociable. It'll be hard after the trauma, but Caesar should help bring some stuff out, and you don't really have to talk until tomorrow." The last interview. Where Caesar asks about my feelings during my time in the arena. Terrific. "I'll do my best," I respond. "Okay. I'd better get up there." Shilo turns and walks away. Only a few minutes