This is an AU in which Cato manages to win the 74th Hunger Games. Inspiration comes from this Robert Frost quote: "My sorrow, when she's here with me, thinks these dark days of autumn rain are beautiful as days can be." ~Robert Frost, My November Guest I. Rain I'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home . ~Taylor Swift, Enchanted When it rains, he finds himself captivated. They meet like most people do: on accident. He's ten and he's rushing through the streets, trying to get home before it begins raining, but it starts downpouring and he can't see two feet in front of himself, and he collides with something. When he looks down, he finds not the bush that he's expecting, but a little girl with dark hair and the beginnings of a smirk on her lightly freckled face. She's tiny , and she's smirking at him. Jesus Christ. He doesn't know if he should be amused or offended. He decides on the latter. After all, this is District 2. Eat or get eaten. It's a perpetual quest for dominance. "Watch where you're going," he snaps, blue eyes flashing. It begins to rain hard, soaking them both in seconds. She isn't intimidated. If anything, her smirk goes from the corners of her mouth to her entire face. "You were the one who ran into me," she says nonchalantly. Her voice is high and something about it makes him pause and study her. She's not very intimidating, at first glance. She's noticeably small, and her voice is high and girly. In fact, he could feasibly call her annoying . But she intrigues him. At age ten, he may be young, but he's already risen to the top of the food chain in his grade. In two years, he'll be going to the Academy. She has every reason to be scared of him. He could rip her apart, and no one would notice. But she's not scared. Her dark eyes are glinting with amusement, red lips twisted into a smirk that says I win . "How old are you?" he asks, demeanor abruptly changing. This girl has the ability to infuriate him, but he's got to admire someone who does it on purpose at her own risk. She studies him critically for a second and then says, "Seven." A three-year age gap. Ten years from now, it won't seem nearly as big as it does now. But no—the hierarchy would still be different. Twenty and seventeen. He would be a victor, and she would be a wild card. "What's your name?" he asks. "What's yours?" she replies. She's smart enough to know that with the shifting power here, it's not safe to give someone who's higher up on the food chain your name without getting theirs, as well. He smiles at that, sharp blue eyes turning soft, blond hair dripping. "I'm Cato," he says. She smiles then, too, the smirk replaced with something entirely new. There's a softness to that smile, and he tries not to think about how the District, inevitably, will harden her until there's no softness left. "Clove." And then she's gone. They don't speak for another five years. For the first two years, they never run into each other. And for the next three, he's stuck in the Academy while she's stuck outside. Sometimes, he thinks of her, but quickly brushes away the thought. What should a girl he met five years ago matter to him? But one day, he wakes up to a thunderstorm, and his mind flashes to a memory that he's been trying to convince himself to forget. He shakes himself, dresses, and runs down to the Training Center to practice, even though he's woken up an hour early and he doesn't get much sleep, anyway. Maybe when he's lost himself in his dreams of the blood of strangers, he can lose her. It's stupid, he thinks. He talked to her for...what? Five minutes? A seven-year-old girl shouldn't have this effect on him. And yet he's still thinking of her, five years later. He bursts through the doors of the Training Center with a strange ferocity, grabs the first sword he finds, and throws it at a dummy 100 yards away, slicing it clean through the neck. It takes a moment for him, breathing hard, to realize that he is not alone. "Well, well, well," says a high-pitched, semi-childish voice that makes his breath freeze in his throat. "I always knew you had anger issues." He turns around slowly. So much for forgetting. She's changed. The childish naivety is gone, replaced by a hard smirk. She's taller, though not tall, and slightly curvier, though not curvy. She looks more matured, shaped by District 2. But the dark hair and the dark brown eyes and the red, red lips are the same that have been haunting him for five years now. "I'm not angry," he says, unable to think of something wittier to say. "Mm-hm. Whatever you say, Cato." "I'm not angry, Clove," he repeats, trying not to dwell on the fact that she remembers his name. She smirks at him again and raises and eyebrow. "Keep telling yourself that." And then she turns away, gripping a handful of knives he's only noticed now, and sends one sailing into a dummy's heart. Seemingly unimpressed by her own throw, she throws the rest of the knives at the same dummy, hitting fatal spots with each flick of her wrist. He clenches his jaw and turns away, heading to the now-decapitated dummy and retrieving the sword. It's only then that he realizes how oddly heavy the sword is compared to what he usually practices with. He grunts and slashes away at the dummies, relishing the distraction his burning muscles provide. Soon enough, he's sweaty and and tired and he's hacked through all of the dummies. He tries not to turn around and start watching her. He fails. Her dummies are covered in targets and the bulls-eyes are covered in knives. She's good . Of course, she's probably been training all her life, but it takes skill to be able to that only after a few months at the Academy. "What's so interesting?" she says, not even looking at him. Cato turns away. He can hear the smile in her voice. "You know," she says, "it's okay to watch me." Cato stiffens. "I wasn't watching," he growls, and tries to walk away. She laughs. "What're you so worried about, Cato? A small girl who's three years younger than you who just happens to be good? Human contact? Most of the kids here have friends, you know. But you don't." He turns red. "I'm not scared of you," he says, slowly and deliberately. "And maybe I don't need friends." But just like one rainy November afternoon five years ago, on this stormy November morning, she isn't intimidated. Without even bothering to face him, she smiles and says, "You know, just because one person hurt you, it doesn't mean that everyone else will." He flushes red, and struggles to push away the memory of his father, drunk, beating him until Cato snaps one day and stabs him in the leg. And there's a deeper feeling than anger, too: pain. Because if your own parent tries to hurt you, who won't? "My father is none of your business." "Tell that to all of District Two." "District Two is pretty big, Clove." "So are people's mouths." He doesn't say a word. She sighs. "You can't use one person to judge everyone else, Cato." He remains silent. The rain starts letting up, lightning fading, thunder stopping. As the class ambles in, she puts away her knives and leaves without a word. As she walks past him to go out the door, he feels her brush him lightly. It's only later that he finds the red leaf in his pocket. And he hates it, hates her for being able to get into his mind like she knows him better than himself. He's in too deep before he realizes it. Suddenly she's that one person he can't stop running into. And then, one year later, she's moved up to his level at the Academy, and he can't even try to avoid her now. It really doesn't help that he just might be a little jealous. He's already ahead of most boys his age, and she's three years younger, and she's most certainly not big for her age. "This is Clove. She's thirteen," the instructor tells the class of big, brawny boys and a few big, brawny girls. Clove looks so small, so out of place here with all these children who could snap her neck in one second with very little effort. All the kids eye her. You don't belong here , they seem to say, and indeed, when the instructor stops talking, they all move to the wall to watch as see what she does. It's a sort of ritual, now. When someone gets elevated, evaluate the competition. She doesn't disappoint. Seemingly unaffected by being the only one in the center of the room, she grabs a handful of knives from the rack and throws them, one by one, at a dummy in the far corner of the room. She the bullseye every time. After that, the group grudgingly accepts her. Cato does not meet her gaze, even though he knows she is watching him. But as most things go, life does not want to agree with him. He supposes he really shouldn't be surprised when it happens. In their fiercely competitive District, a younger girl who has somehow moved up further than anyone anyone knows would not be taken well, and he supposes his surprise is the product of his assumption that no one would dare cross her. It's late at night and he can't sleep because the rain keeps pounding his window with a strange ferocity. After two hours of lying in bed, he decides to take a walk. Slipping on a jacket and shoes, he walks out the door into the hall and slips quietly through the sleepy walls of the Academy until he can slide out into the rainy darkness of the night. He's planning on just getting himself a little tired from traipsing through the rain, but he stops once he hears the voices. It's not even hard to tell whose they are. Octavian and Augustus, the two most annoying people Cato knows. Unfortunately, they're big enough to be in level eight with him, but it doesn't really matter when everyone knows they'll be too stupid to ever be tributes without someone volunteering in their place. "Fucking thirteen. How the hell did she even make it in?" hisses Octavian not-so-quietly. "Who?" asks Cato. "You know who. Clove ," spits Augustus. Cato's stomach drops. He isn't exactly surprised, but it's different, having it confirmed. "What are you gonna do about it?" he says, trying to keep his face blank. Octavian thinks for a minute, then says, "Teach her a lesson." "No," says Cato, before he can stop himself. "What?" says Octavian, annoyed. "What do you mean, no?" "Stay away from her." "Why do you care?" says Augustus, raising an eyebrow. "She's nothing to you." Cato stiffens. It's true. He really shouldn't care. "Stay away," he repeats. "Or I'll see to it that you will wake up one morning with your legs gone." It's enough to shut them up, because Cato doesn't make empty threats, and they know it. Still, they're stupid enough not to back down yet. Octavian is still glaring at him, and Augustus is noticeably stiff. Cato smiles tightly. "Or maybe you won't wake up. Maybe it'll be your heads that disappear." They both turn pale and back away from him, backing into the building, and suddenly, Cato is quite ready to fall into bed and sleep. He turns to follow them in, and he's almost to the door when he thinks he sees something glimmering in the darkness.