This is the companion piece to as beautiful as days can be . If you haven't read it yet, I would strongly recommend reading that before reading this—while the timeline is roughly the same, there are certain things that happen in as beautiful as days can be that are explained in this story, and I very selfishly don't want this companion piece to steal the other's thunder. But here we are! Almost 20k words later (and a lot more time than I thought it would take), I've finally finished this! So here it is. I hope you enjoy, and feel free to leave a review and tell me what you think when you've finally hit the bottom of the page of this massive story. Inspiration It started out as a feeling Which then grew into a hope Which then turned into a quiet thought Which then turned into a quiet word And then that word grew louder and louder 'Til it was a battle cry I'll come back when you call me No need to say goodbye ~The Call, Regina Spektor and "You see, madness, as you know, is like gravity. All it takes is a little push!" ~Christopher Nolan, The Dark Knight , The Joker (Heath Ledger) {Prelude} We've got something you can't undo. ~Cher Lloyd, Oath Clove's first (and only) female friend (ever) is the one girl who does not get scared after Clove runs over and chomps down, hard, onto her arm after the girl takes the cookie Clove wanted. The action in itself is quite an enigma to those who witness it—she is small, and the girl is not only three years older, but she's also huge and blonde and just about the opposite of everything Clove is—and looking back, even Clove cannot quite decide if the action was brave or stupid (probably both). She simply remembers a feeling of irritation that someone else dared to take what she wanted. Somehow, the girl decides that it was brave and warrants a certain degree of respect despite the blood rushing down her arm, and rather than a big-girl-beats-little-girl-up scenario, they become best friends. It isn't until later that Clove comprehends just how lucky she was. There's a certain comfort to be had in an older friend. When they're young, they run together in sunlit meadows, playing mock-Games and pretending to be their favorite Victors. A little older and the girl decides to start helping teach Clove weaponry, never mind the fact that they are only 8 and 5, and she'll never forget the feeling she gets the first time she throws a knife (it's silver and shiny and has rubies embedded in the hilt, and it's beautifully, deliciously sharp). She somehow hits the bullseye on her first try, sinking the blade into the painted red wood with a satisfying thwack. The system begins for them, then: her companion prefers close-range weapons, like swords and maces and other objects that, coupled with her large build, would give her an edge, and Clove plays with the knives until she she can practically throw them in her sleep. It's mutualism at its finest: so long as the girl brings knives, Clove will spar and help her friend train when asked. When Pre-Academy finally starts for her at age 6, she's already eons ahead of the girls in her grade in her weakest areas. Later, when they finally get around to knives and she's already able to hit her target every time, she shrugs and says that she doesn't know how she does it so well. Better let them think that it's all natural talent (which, admittedly, she does posses ample amount of) rather than training. The more secrets you have, after all, the more powerful you are. Eventually the girl's father gets a promotion at the Nut, and the family decides to move to a bigger home. It only makes sense that they grow apart once they stop seeing each other every day. When moving day finally comes, the girl hugs Clove—and hugs are a rarity in District Two—and whispers a secret in Clove's ear, and it is only years later that Clove sees her again, and things have changed. I. Wood The looking glass, so shiny and new—how quickly the glamour fades! ~Florence + the Machine, Rabbit Heart The impact of the object that has suddenly barreled into her is heralded by the fluttering of a bright red maple leaf, battered by the unexpected downpour. Blinking the rain from her eyes, she looks us to find a giant towering over her. No, not a giant—a boy, with sopping blond hair and bright blue eyes. He's definitely older than her, though another cursory glance tells her he's not quite as old as his size would suggest. He pulls off the persona of a tough boy, a Victor in the making well, but his eyes are still bright, rather than jaded with the hardness of those in the Academy, and that's how she knows he's not as old as he looks. She smirks up at him with the realization that as of right now, he's probably more bark than bite. The annoyance clearly displayed on his face only adds to her amusement. (She likes to play with her food before chopping it up and eating it, and perhaps today's the day she tries to eat something bigger than herself.) (But this meal doesn't turn out the way she expected, and looking back later, she'll wonder if everything would have been different if she hadn't played so many games to amuse herself, if she hadn't been half as clever, if she had not tried to ascend the food chain quite so quickly.) "Watch where you're going," he snaps, glaring, and she wonders why he's so irritated, especially at a small seven-year-old girl such as herself. Most people wouldn't even bat an eyelash, but whether he realizes it or not, there must be something about this encounter that has him so on edge. She just smirks some more. "You were the one who ran into me," she says, nonplussed, and she's enjoying this encounter so immensely that she wonders what it is about it that makes her so oddly gleeful. He scowls for a few more seconds, but her facial expression does not waver. Abruptly, his demeanor changes, and later, she will find herself wondering why. "How old are you?" She isn't quite sure that this is a question she should actually answer, seeing as he'll probably use it to his advantage somehow anyway, but somehow this doesn't faze her. "Seven." "What's your name?" An even riskier question, and this time, it's one she won't answer without getting something out of it for herself. District Two is too political to give away anything like that without getting something first, and she's loath to defy those bounds when she's been operating so successfully under them for so long. "What's yours?" she retorts, a clear challenge in her voice. He smiles then, and he looks entirely different to her—softer, kinder, blue eyes cutting through her brown ones in an entirely different way. It sends her reeling, and all of the sudden he's someone she wants to know rather than simply meet. "Cato," he says in an easy voice. She blinks at the name, flashing back to another time, in another place when she heard it, and words tumble out once more. "Clove." And with that, she disappears into the swirl of rain and crimson leaves, because regardless of how much she'd like to stay, she also knows when it's time to go. Here's a (not-so) secret: Cato's father beats him. His neighbors see his father through the windows (they say his father is always drunk), punching and kicking him. Clove listens intently, albeit with a look of tailored nonchalance on her face, silently assembling information about this enigma of a boy that she shouldn't even really care so much about. This is the benefit of being a child her age: she's old enough to be told things, but not quite old enough for the gossipers to watch what they say, just in case. The secret does not stay secret for long. If there's one thing the people of District Two love almost as much as the Games, it's scandal and gossip, decadent bits of information exchanged behind locked doors and whispered in ears. There's a certain glamour to it, a veneer of diamond sparkles, a façade of intricate design hiding the beast underneath. She begins to dig for information like a pirate searching for gold, but her gold does not glitter; no, it is ugly and broken and she wants to fix it but doesn't know how. Her new penchant for gossip is how she finds out. The news that Cato's father has an injured leg would never have been so interesting to her were it not for the fact that the neighbors also mention, with a roll of the eyes, how once again the shouting from their home had reached new highs that week, until, oddly, it stopped right around the time the father hurt his leg. It's fair to say that perhaps brains are not valued quite as highly here as brawn, but Clove's never been one to underestimate the former, because without the latter, it's all she really has, and it's never failed her before. It really doesn't take much for her to deduce what, exactly, has happened. The bloodied rags the neighbors see the father throwing out and the scar that everyone says bears a striking resemblance to a stab wound (that particular fact has practically the entire District coming up with new theories as to what actually happened, none of said theories being even remotely plausible nor accurate) is more of a confirmation than anything else. She checks for herself anyway, and it's in that moment, in the fading twilight where she's managed to track down Cato's father and take a good look at the very ugly and very new scar on his leg that has undoubtedly been caused by a knife plunged deep into the flesh, that something in her chest squeezes tight and she very nearly cries for the first (and last) time in her life. That night, she takes a knife to a tree, cutting into it to release the strange, inexplicable pain in her chest every time she thinks of Cato and his father, carving out zigzags and curves and all sorts of shapes into the tree bark until it is a mishmash of cuts and slices, as if there's a beast within her that needs to let itself roar. It's a beautiful feeling, she thinks, being able to meticulously mark something forever as her own. After a while, the markings begin to, from far away, take the form of the Victor's crown. (This is how it begins.) For Clove, the space between childhood and the Academy is a bit like dreaming: some of it passes slowly, others quickly, and things seem vivid but she knows the real world—the world of the Academy and blood and the Games—is just outside. It's all ebb and flow, like the tides on an ocean. She trains diligently at Pre-Academy, utilizing nearly all of her free time to go to somewhere, anywhere, to throw her knives at walls and trees and targets until the sight of the blade sinking into her intended target is ingrained in her mind and the sound of the weapons hitting objects echoes throughout her dreams. It masks the nausea she feels whenever she lets herself think about Cato's father beating him until Cato is bruised and bloody. Sometimes, when she really can't take it anymore, a tree will come out the next morning, covered in patterns, and like a Monet painting, the notches in the bark all blur together until, if you squint hard enough, they make the shape of a crown. It's easier, she thinks, to lose herself in the sensation of release—of, when