Rating: K Disclaimer: All recognizable characters and names belong to J.R.R. Tolkien. I make no money on this. A/N: Written for May Teitho Challenge "Crime and Punishment" Beta: Calenlass Greenleaf Homesick I close my eyes and I see your face If home's where my heart is then I'm out of place Lord, won't you give me strength to make it through somehow I've never been more homesick than now ~ "Homesick", by Mercyme *** I sit beside the dying fire alone, the embers at my feet still glowing, though the fieriness has long ago died away. I think… Something troubles the Chieftain, I can easily tell. I do not think I can explain it at all – he just seems different than only a week ago. He doesn't appear injured, not in body at least, for his steps are light and soundless as usual, his responses always fast, his arms strong and his pace swift. But something is wrong, I can see it. There is a new spark in his keen eyes, some kind of wistfulness and longing if I were to describe it; even though he is always merry and confident among us. I turn my head, looking towards the other side of the camp. There, I can clearly see his silhouette, lit by the starlight rather than by the remains of our fire. I cannot see whether his eyes are closed, but his steady breathing pattern ensures me that he is asleep. May it be his release from whatever plagues his mind. He is weary. Oh, how I wish I could help him! But he only ignores my remarks about his fatigue, avoids me when he thinks I may bring it up. I will give him no aid if he allows none. Does he believe I cannot see through his constrained smiles and forced interest in the discussions? Physically he is with us, but his heart is far away, wishing to abandon the company of the Rangers and follow its own desire. I do not blame him, though. I could not. He is still young, although the last two years spent in the Wilds have had their effect on him. He has learned quickly and slipped into the role of the Chieftain easily, it seems. Arathorn would be so proud of him… He resembles his father a lot, in many ways. He is a skilled warrior, maybe even more so than Gilraen's husband. He uses his sword as if it were a part of his body – and a part of his soul. He is an astounding tracker – even the most elusive creatures should fear his abilities, for they would not elude for long if he desired to find them. And he has a great sense of humor! Although at times he can be too sarcastic – something that never happened to Arathorn. And he is so different from his father… When he first joined us, some of us wished, or even expected, that he would be another Arathorn. We simply could not help comparing them all the time, pointing out even the littlest differences – not aloud, naturally, we did not want to hurt him. But in the quietness of our minds we did. It was simply unavoidable. It was hard to accept the fact that Aragorn is not a re-embodiment of Arathorn, that he is different. There is something elven about him, something I cannot define, yet I am aware of its presence. It must be a result of being brought up by Lord Elrond in Rivendell, among other Elves and as a brother to Elladan and Elrohir. Suddenly, I hear a loud snore, even more disturbing in the dead silence of the forest around. I shook my head and move closer to the bedroll on the other side of the camp. "Aragorn," I whisper, careful not to wake him up. "Stop it." He moves his head in his sleep, snoring once again. And then his usual quiet breathing replaces the unpleasant noise he made a moment ago. Yet another difference between him and his father. One would never get Arathorn to stop snoring without shaking him awake. *** I stand still for a moment, listening, but all I can hear is the rustling of the leaves above my head and my own quiet breathing. I am patient. I wait. I look around, searching for any sign of the deer's presence in the dim starlight – a hoofprint, a broken branch, some trampled grass. But there is nothing here. It has not passed through this place, but it still can be near. Rustling foliages. My breath. And a singing bird some distance away. It is dark, but I am used to tracking at night. Hunting is always a good way to improve my skills. Aragorn once told me that I had nothing to improve, that I had learned everything. A youngster's belief in perfection. One can never learn everything; even the Firstborn do not possess knowledge of everything. But Aragorn is still young. Skilled as he is, he has yet many lessons to learn and many adventures to survive. May they all be filled with as little pain as possible – I realize his life will not be spared hardship, and hoping that he will not be forced to endure any pain at all is futile. I suddenly freeze, a barely audible sound catching my attention; yet it dies away before I can locate it. Whatever is lurking in the bushes, it has frozen as well. I stand like this for a few minutes, wondering if the creature chose the same strategy. It seems I am right – no sound can be heard now. Apart from the usual whispering of the trees. My arm itches, but I refrain from rubbing it. I will not give myself away unless I am sure what I have encountered. The animal waits, too, and minutes pass. Ah! This way we can both stand here forever. I cautiously make a step, breaking the spell. Here it is! I can now see two bright torches a little above the ground level, turned towards me. The eyes. They stare at me for a fraction of second before dashing away – along with the rest of the body – into the bushes again. It was only a fox, searching food, like me. I sigh. We should have set a trap. I am sure it would have been more effective – and easier. But we haven't had a good meal for a few days now and some of the less experienced men long for it. They do not complain aloud, but I can see it in their eyes, their faces, the way they move – they would not mind having something tastier than our usual supplies. Hence the hunting. Fortunately, this patrol is slowly drawing to an end, we will return to the village – or, should I say, our settlement – in two, maybe three days if we tarry. The area is relatively calm, although we have seen more footprints than we would have liked. It was Aragorn who first spotted the large steps with long claws, akin to the usual wolf footmarks – though their size was unusual and this is what bothers me. If it is as I fear, then the wargs have returned to these parts of Middle-earth. Thus I infer that they subsist in abundance in the places where the presence of the growing Shadow is more evident. But as yet the country is at peace. And experienced though I am, I still cling to the hope that it will remain so… Whispering trees. My breath. A loud cry. I freeze again – this time in sheer horror, not caution. No animal screams like that, I am positive the cry was one of a Man. And the only Men in the area are the Rangers of the North… Without a moment's hesitation, I rush into the woods towards where the voice came from. The thick bushes make it more difficult, slowing down my motion, causing me to stumble on the roots. A little clearing comes into my sight and I run into it at full speed – and momentarily halt as I take in the tableau. The moonlight spreading here enables me to see far more clearly than in the denser parts of the forest. Aragorn is kneeling over a lying person – from my position I cannot tell who it is – but when he hears me arriving, he turns his head to face me. Our eyes meet for a moment – and I again see something unfamiliar in his eyes, though now this look is different from what I have seen in his eyes before. I scrutinize him for a moment, but he returns his attention to the man on the ground before I can read the expression on his face. I silently approach, only to see Tathardor, the youngest member of our party, lying in front of the Chieftain, a bad-looking wound in his leg bleeding excessively. I kneel beside them, wordlessly helping Aragorn to control the bleeding. All I can hear is the quiet sound he is making while dressing the wound. And the gentle whispering of the trees. "Aragorn," I pronounce his name to garner his attention and continue only when he looks at me briefly. "What happened?" "It was my fault-" he starts, but is quickly interrupted by Tathardor. "No, my-" "Shh," the Chieftain hushes him, casting him an appropriate glance. "Do not speak, you will need your strength." The younger Ranger tries to protest, but to no avail. The son of Arathorn knows how to make people quiet – after all, he has been the one being silenced on many occasions, and knows what works best. He continues wrapping the soft bandage around the wound, his skilled hands moving swiftly, almost instinctively. He has done this more often than any average man – even a Ranger – and whoever is wounded, under Aragorn's care will be fine. I am sorry for Tathardor's suffering – he tries to be brave and does not make a sound, but I know far too well how painful such a wound is – it has been his first real patrol with us. But I know he will be well, so I do not dwell on the matter. I sit wordlessly, impatiently waiting for Aragorn to resume his explanation, but when he remains silent for a few minutes, pretending to be focused on his task, I speak again. "Aragorn, can you, please, tell me what happened?" I already have my suspicion about the situation – and it would explain Aragorn's reluctance to share his knowledge. I hear a loud sigh coming from him, but it is followed by words. Finally. "It was my fault, Halbarad. I knew Tathardor was not far away from me. Yet somehow I… I let my mind wander for a moment. It cannot have been more than two minutes… But it was long enough for a bloodthirsty warg to crawl upon us, unnoticed. I came as soon as I realized that something was wrong… Still not soon enough." His eyes shy away, and I nod. It is as I feared. My two suspicions are now confirmed. Wargs again tread the paths of this area – but I knew it would happen sooner or later. What worries me more is Aragorn's state of mind. He has been troubled enough for the past few days and now I sense something more in his voice and his eyes – guilt. Something needs to be done about it. I will think it over at night. Now we both rise and pull the wounded young man to a standing position, careful not to affect the injured leg. We should reach the camp as soon as we can, so that Tathardor's wound can be properly tended. *** He is sitting there alone, his back turned towards the camp, his shoulders