Forever: A Harry and Ginny FanFic As Harry walked out of the Headmaster's Office with Ron and Hermione, he saw all the destruction, he remembered all the death that he so strongly blamed himself for. He fought hard not to cry, "I'll see you guys later." He knew he had to go somewhere, fix something. Ron and Hermione looked at him with curious faces, but all they said was, "Alright, I guess we'll see you later then." Harry smiled weakly and then headed to the Great Hall to find someone. He was so lost in thought on his way, that he turned a corner and bumped into someone, "Oh I'm so sorry." he said before looking up, "Oh, hi Ginny, I was just going to go look for you in the Great Hall." Ginny blushed slightly, "Oh, well here I am." They stood awkwardly like that for a number of seconds, before finally, they both burst out at the same time, "I love you, will you go out with me again?" They said this so fast that there was hardly time for them to notice that they had spoken at the same time, but nevertheless, they both still blushed. Then Ginny said, "I was hoping that you would ask." "I was hoping I would ask too." He said truthfully. Then Ginny wrapped her arms around his neck, and kissed him, he kissed her back, they stood like that for several minutes until Harry pulled away and said, "Ginny, I would like to take you somewhere." "Where?" She asked curiously. "You'll see." And even though he smiled, Ginny saw a lot of sadness in his eyes, even though they looked a brighter green than when they bumped into each other just moments before. He looked into her eyes and saw the same sadness. He took her hand and guided her through the groups of students and teachers alike in the Great Hall. They walked for a long time until Harry saw a sign that said 'Hogsmeade'. "Come," said Harry, "We need to apparate." "But I'm not of age until August." Said Ginny, "That's alright, we can do Side- Along apparition, take my arm." Ginny obliged, and Harry felt the familiar sensation of being squeezed through a metal tube. They were outside the shrieking shack. "Are you OK?" He asked Ginny. "Well quite dizzy, but I'm fine." "Good, now inside there is Professor Snape, we are going to bury him." Ginny was shocked, considering that they were talking about the man that had killed his hero. "Are you sure we're thinking of the same person?" She asked uncertainly. "Well, unless you're not thinking about the man who taught me potions for five years, then yes, I believe we are thinking of the same person." Said Harry without smiling, "I'm going to send a Patronus to Ron and Hermione. We are going to have a small funeral for Snape. He was a great man. Just trust me, Ginny." "Alright." Said Ginny, still looking curious and confused. Harry said the words and his Patronus, a stag that he often liked to call Prongs, appeared. "Hi guys, so Ginny and I are at the shrieking shack, would you come? And bring along Neville and Luna." The Patronus disappeared, and Ginny said to Harry, "Neville and Luna, why them?" "Well firstly, out of curiosity, I want to know whether or not Neville asked her out yet." At that Ginny giggled, and Harry gave a small smile. "And secondly, because they are my good friends, they really are, and I think that if there are more people, it's a little more respectful to Snape." Ginny nodded. They waited for a few minutes before Ron, Hermione, Neville and Luna apparated quite close to them, Neville even stepping on Harry's toes. "Oops, sorry Harry." He said nervously. "That's alright, Neville. Now you might be wondering why I asked you to come," Everyone nodded, "Well, we're here to bury Snape." They all looked shocked. "Snape? Professor Snape? The Severus Snape?" Asked a gaping Ron. "Yes, Ron, 'The Severus Snape', he deserves a proper burial. Just trust me." And so, they went inside the shack and cleaned up Snape's wounds. They covered him in a white sheet that Hermione had produced out of thin air. She then produced a coffin with the slightest flick of her wand. "How do you do it, Hermione?" Asked Ron. "Oh well, I guess it comes in some people." Everyone laughed except for Harry. After the funeral, Harry told everyone that he and Ginny were going to be going somewhere. After they all left, he and Ginny apparated to Godric's Hollow, right in front of the place that Harry's parents were killed, the very thing that caused Harry to be standing there, with the one person he lived for. "Harry? Where are we?" Asked Ginny. "This is where I got this scar," he said, pointing to the rubble, and then to his forehead, "We're here, to fix it up." Ginny nodded staring at the mess of a house in front of her. Harry felt hot tears fill his eyes and threaten to spill out onto his cheeks. Ginny turned her head to him, "Sweetheart, I'm here for you, it'll be OK. You'll always have me. I promise." At that, Harry decided to let the tears run freely. Ginny took his hand, the same way she had done in his sixth year, and led him around the house to a tree. She hugged him, they held each other close, then Harry looked at Ginny, and smiled, a true smile. He then kissed her, she kissed him. It was the most passionate kiss they had ever shared. He wished that they could stay in that moment forever. Without anyone else, just them, no worries. But he knew it had to end, so after a long time, they pulled apart. There were tears streaming down both their faces. Harry then turned toward the house and used the same wand motion that he had seen Dumbledore do at the beginning of the last year. Everything magically fixed itself, walls stood back up, bricks glued back together. They walked into the house and sat on the couch. Harry stifled a yawn behind his hand, "I'm getting tired, I think it's time for bed. Do you want to go to the Burrow, or stay here?" Asked Harry sleepily, "I think it's best we stay here." Said Ginny softly. They walked upstairs and laid down on the bed. Ginny laid her head on Harry's chest, and they both fell asleep almost instantly. Ginny's dream: Harry is lying on the floor, unconscious. His eyes flutter open. "Harry? Harry are you okay?" He doesn't answer, just makes a hand motion that indicates for her to come closer. She kisses him, he rolls over. "HARRY! HARRY! NO! NOOOO!" Back to reality: Harry wakes up, he looks at the clock, 8:30. "No, Harry, no. Please don't be dead, please." Mumbles Ginny in her sleep. "Sssshh, it's okay honey. I'm right here." Her eyes open, and she smiles in relief, "Oh, it was only a dream, thank goodness." She kisses him, he deepens the kiss. "I'll always be here, I won't leave." "Promise?" "Promise. Now I think we should head back, they're probably freaking out." "Yeah, good idea." They apparate back to the Borrow. "Oh dear, you had me so worried, where have you been?" Cried, Mrs. Weasley. "Well, Harry took me somewhere special. We spent the night." Said Ginny. "Oh, how sweet." Chortled Mrs. Weasley, "Now, you two come on in for breakfast." "Thanks, " Said Harry. They walk back into the house holding hands. Fast forward a month: "Oh look, Harry," Said Hermione, pointing out the window, "It looks like Ginny's Hogwarts letter has arrived, but what are those others?" The owls fly in, "Oh looks like they've sent you the letter as well" Said Ron. "Ooooh, look guys!" Said Hermione gleefully, "They've invited me to take up the post of transfiguration teacher in place of Professor McGonagall! Wow! I'll send them back an owl right away." "I've been offered the post of DADA." Said Harry, "I think I'll do it." "Congrats, guys. McGonagall says that she has no official post for me, but I am welcome back to take private training sessions with her for my N.E.W.T's" Said Ron, just then Ginny walked in. "What are you guys talking about? Ooooh, are those the Hogwarts letters?" Asked Ginny excitedly, sitting down on the couch. Harry got up and went to the couch to sit next to her, "Here," Said Harry, handing Ginny her letter, "And guess what? I've been hired for the DADA post!" "Oh, that's great, honey! You're going to be an amazing teacher, I know it!" Said Ginny, kissing him on the cheek. "Aw, thanks. I certainly hope you're right." Said Harry "And what about you two? You're also holding letters." Asked Ginny. "I'm getting to be the new transfiguration teacher!" Hermione informed her excitedly, "Best start preparing." She added nervously. "But why? You don't start for a month, oh and by the way Ginny, I'm also going back for private lessons." Said Ron. Ginny congratulated Ron but was drowned out by Hermione answering with about a hundred reasons why, while Ron tried interrupting loudly. "Fancy a walk?" Ginny asked Harry, "Definitely." Outside: "Ginny?" "Yes?" "Do you think that… that Tonks hates me?" Harry confided. "No Harry, I don't think she does. Do you remember last year, when the whole year she was depressed? We had our theories, but it was because of Remus. I think that in her death, she was just glad to have died holding hands with the man she loved. To have died to protect. I don't think she ever even thought of blaming you." Said Ginny earnestly, but nonetheless, she caught sight of a single tear escaping his green eyes. She let a tear escape as well. Harry turned and looked at her. He kissed her, then laid his forehead against hers. He saw that secret sadness, the one they shared. He felt as though he could read her, she felt the same. Hermione peaked out the window, she saw them together, and a small tear trickled down her cheek as she thought of everything Harry had been through. How in his first year, he had seen his parent's in the mirror, something that she knew hardly anyone else would see. In his second year, when he went through so much hurt from being accused of something that Harry would never dream of doing. How in his third year, he fainted from harsh memories that only he had, and then was taunted for it. In his fourth year, when he witnessed the rebirth of the man who had killed his parent's and countless others. In his fifth year, from which he still had the scars. In his sixth year, when someone who he had cared so much about, was killed. And then this year, well there was no need to go through that. It made her sad to know that Harry didn't see that in himself. He didn't see the great man he was, he saw a person who deserved nothing. She smiled to know that he cared so much about others, that when he thought of pain, he thought of the time that she was tortured in Malfoy Manor. That thought made her shudder. Back outside, Ginny and Harry had started talking about something. That night, Harry lay awake in bed, pondering the day's events in his mind. He kept telling himself that Ginny was right, but he didn't feel it. He felt parched so he decided to go get a drink of water. He walked down the stairs, and stopped outside the kitchen door, he heard voices that sounded like Bill and Fleur's. He heard his name so he stopped to listen. "Zey are 'happy I suppose, but I am worried for Ginny. She has so