Okay, so probably not the best idea to be posting another story when I'm not doing the best keeping up with my other one, but I really like this idea, and writing it has been really easy and it's actually helping some with my other story. So, please tell me what you think of it and if you think I should continue it. All criticism are accepted, even really means one, because at least their honest. Unless you're hating to hate, then I don't see the purpose. As always the character might be a little OOC, but I try to keep them to their most core character traits. OOCness is usually the cause of the story line or the fact that I'm not Rick Riordan and I can only write the characters as I understand them to be. For this reason I believe it is acceptable and should not cause too many problems. None of the characters are that wildly changed as I see it. Anyways, as I said before I am not Rick Riordan, the credit for the characters goes to him. I claim no rights to any of them. Thank you for taking the time to read this and I hope you enjoy! The city was hot. The heat of the summer hadn't quite left its blocks yet even though fall was rapidly approaching. However, something about that fact just made the heat worse. It wasn't even that hot truly. It was only in the low seventies, a moderate temperature compared to the summer average that ranged in the mid to high eighties, a lot of days getting even hotter than that. The anticipation of cooler weather though made even the slightest bit of heat unbearable. School was already starting. Couldn't at least one good thing come out of the ending of summer? I stretched out across and isolated bench in Central park, soaking in the coolness of the shade and trying to forget that today was my last day of freedom before school. How had the summer gone by so fast? I hadn't even accomplished what I had set out to do. I thought I had eternity, but now the summer was gone and senior year was rapidly approaching. After that came college, and that was the most difficult part, right? Trying to stay close with all your friends even as they begin to move away, chasing their dreams. There's nothing you can do about because you know asking them to put aside their dreams to stay close to you would just be a dick move, even if you only had good intentions. I guess during those times that's what I feared the most. That's the narrow vision with which I viewed the world. My only concerns were my life and getting through it happily and succeeding in school – a task all its own, believe me. Now, I can't help but wonder how I could define life so blandly. That's why I'm starting here though. So, you can understand the importance of my decision and why I had to choose what I chose. I only hope that you will be able to accept it… and forgive me. There was something tapping on the tattered sole of my skate shoes as I lay on the park bench. It made me open my eyes and life up my head to investigate. At the foot of the bench stood one of my best friends in the whole world, Annabeth, looking as beautiful as she always did. She was dressed in her usual skinny jeans and t-shirt combo. Her curly blond hair was pulled up into a ponytail to keep it out of her face, but a few shorter strands by her temples hung freely. She had a notebook under one arm and a pencil in the other, which she was using to prod at my shoe. Her lips were turned up into smug little smile. I hated it as much as I loved it. "Really, Percy? This is how you spend your first full day as a legal adult? Sleeping in the park, cuddling with your skateboard?" Annabeth's words were judging, but her tone was light. Ever since we were twelve she liked to pick on me like that. It wasn't until a few years ago did I realize she didn't truly mean everything that she said, only most of it. "Well, I could be buying cigarettes and porn like a bunch of the other guys at our school." I swung my feet off the bench and pushed myself into a sitting position so Annabeth could sit down next to me. I set my skateboard, which I had been holding against my chest, underneath my feet on the ground. Despite the face she made at my comment Annabeth took a seat. "Besides," I continued, "that wasn't all that I was doing. I was dreaming, too." "Were you now? And what were you dreaming about?" I had to scratch my head at that comment, my brow creasing as I tried to remember. I knew I was having a dream. I remember the feeling of floating through space, so many different things flying past me that I could barely comprehend. There were people too, they seemed to be trying to speak to me, reach out to me for help, but they were blurry and I couldn't remember a thing they were saying. It felt so real I knew I had to be having some crazy dream, but as I tried to put it to words my mind went blank like it had never happened at all. Can someone imagine that they dreaming? "I can't really remember." I don't know why, but Annabeth seemed a little disappointed. Perhaps my imagination was just going crazy that day. "It must have not been a very important dream if you can't remember it," she concluded in her absolute tone that left no room for argument. She could tell you anything in that tone of voice and you would believe her. She was usually a hundred percent correct, too. "I guess so. Or maybe I'm still asleep." To emphasize my point I yawned, which wasn't entirely purposeful. I was extremely tired. "Yeah, I'm exhausted too. I guess that's why you're supposed to go to sleep after the party ends instead of staying up later." "It was worth it though." Last night was my eighteenth birthday party. Everyone had stayed up dancing and playing video games until one in the morning. Except for Annabeth and me, who instead stayed up until nearly five together after everyone else had left. We had gotten into an intense Super Smash Bros competition and we had lost track of time. In the end I won by default, because Annabeth wanted to get home to sleep. Normally we would have both just crashed on my couch, but she had something important to do in the morning. "I was almost late for my appointment with my academic advisor this morning I was so tired," Annabeth complained. "Why were you talking with your academic advisor the day before school starts?" Annabeth looked down at her notebook, hesitantly poking the spiral binding with the end of her pencil. "There's a really big architecture conference coming up soon, and if I can get my portfolio and presentation ready by then I might be able to get a full scholarship to South Carolina." "Oh," I stated dumbly. Now I understood why she seemed a little hesitant. Every time Annabeth tried to talk to me about where she wanted to go to college the conversation never went smoothly. I know she was really excited, but at the same time I didn't want her to leave me. What made it worse was that she didn't want to leave either, she had told me so, but it was also her dream. I don't know many twelve year old girls who know they want to be a world famous architect and work nearly every day of their life towards that dream. I would actually like to see it come true just for that if not just for Annabeth. That never changed the fact that I wished our dreams took us to the same place though. "Anyways," Annabeth put in, forcing her voice to sound a little more chipper than usual. "Are you hungry? Because I was just on my way to lunch when I saw you lounging about like a hobo." I put my hand against my stomach like I could feel the emptiness of its contents. "I could eat." As I stood up from the bench I got a head rush. My vision blurred and filled with black spots, but the spots weren't entirely black. They were filled with the broken images from my dream and I didn't feel lightheaded so much as if I was falling. It all only lasted a few seconds, however it was enough to throw off my balance. I fell to the ground, my skateboard shooting out from under me. Annabeth chased down my skateboard for me and she came back with an amused smile on her face. "I thought you were supposed to be good at this." "I am," I protested, rubbing my arm where I fell on it. "I like how you don't even ask if I'm okay." "I'm sorry. Are you okay?" The truth was I wasn't. It wasn't that I was terribly hurt from falling on my ass, but rather the strange feeling I got from my head rush unsettled me. It sent a light buzzing sensation through my entire body. I couldn't make sense of it though, so I didn't want Annabeth to know. "I'm just fine, thank you." "You see, I didn't need to ask. I know you well enough to know that you're good." Because Annabeth was with me I didn't get back on my board. She wouldn't be able to keep up if I was riding and she was walking. At least that's what I would have said if she asked me. The truth was I didn't even trust myself to be on it at the time. Each step I took felt weird, like my body wasn't really my body. I was just floating inside it somehow, but really I was in another place entirely. It was like watching myself in a dream. Whatever my head rush was, its effects were lingering. I tried to walk it off. I figured it was just some strange sensation that would fade away. Nothing to worry about. As we walked through the park I tried my best to not think the strange occurrence. It wasn't really that hard with Annabeth walking next to me. She could always find something interesting to talk about. Even if most of the time I didn't understand a word. It didn't stop her though. She could have an entire philosophical debate with herself and equally argue both sides convincingly. That, and she always said she was trying to teach me stuff, so when I didn't understand something she never hesitated to give me a full in depth lecture on it. I even told her she should be a teacher instead of an architect, but she just looked at me like I had gone crazy. "Are you kidding? You know I can't stand stupid people. They frustrate me too much. Honestly, some things just aren't as difficult as they make it out to be." "Then how do you explain our friendship?" I countered. "That's different." Annabeth waved me off. "You at least try, and you're really not that stupid either. Intelligence can be measured in multiple ways." "And yet there's all those times you call me 'Seaweed Brain.' Or slap the back of my head." "If you don't like it, then don't do so many stupid things." I threw my hands out in front of me in frustration. "You just said I wasn't that stupid!" "No, I said you weren't that stupid," Annabeth corrected. "You can