Hi guys! I'm mads411. I'm a big Hunger Games fan. I love reading stories on here and recently have came up with a few ideas of my own. I promise I will update as much as I can, but I have started a job this summer. Anyway, enough of me yacking. Here's Chapter 1! Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games or any of its characters. Katniss POV The time has come for the third Quarter Quell. It's my second to last reaping and Prim's second. Her name is now entered twice, and although that is only once more than last year, it makes me nervous. Just as every other Quarter Quell has in the past, this year's has a twist. Upon all twenty-four tributes arrival in the Capitol, they will be reaped again into pairs which they will remain in until either their partner is killed or it comes down to the final eight tributes. They will only be allowed to train with their partner, to assure that they will learn each other's abilities. It may not seem like a horrible stipulation, but in my opinion, it is. By being paired with someone, it makes it so that you have just enough time to get to know them, or maybe even get close to them and then bam! One of you is dead. That will simply add to the traumatizing memories a victor has to live with. Hopefully I won't have to worry about that though as long as my name isn't pulled. I've lost count of how many times it has been entered. Prim should be safe and Gale is done with his reapings for life. Everything should be fine. I wake up bright and early to head off to the woods before it is time for the reaping. Gale said he would meet me since he doesn't have work in the mines today. I absolutely hate him working in them, but what choice does he really have? None. Just like everyone else in District Twelve. I curse the Capitol under my breath for being so stingy as I go to release an arrow towards a squirrel that is perched on a tree branch. It hits it dead center in the eye and drops to the ground. I smile and then hear someone applauding. I whip around to see none other than Gale. He is sporting his signature half smile and making his way towards me. I run the rest of the way to meet him and he picks me up in a bear hug. I don't get to see him as often now since he is always working. I miss spending so much time with him. "Hey there, Catnip." He says, as I feel one of his hands stroke my hair. I pull back slightly and tilt my head up to look him in the eyes. "Hey." I say with a slight smile. I don't know why, but I have a weird feeling about today and I can't seem to shake it. Gale picks up on my distress as always and gives me a questioning look. "What's wrong?" I think for a minute before answering him. "Something is... Odd about today." "You're worrying about Prim, aren't you?" "I always am. I don't think it's that though. It feels like something major is going to happen today." He looks at me, trying to read me like he does. He must not find anything that raises too much alarm, because he simply smiles at me. "Don't sweat it. I'm sure you're just over thinking things." I nod at him. He is probably right. I tend to do that a lot. It's then that I notice we are still hugging. I awkwardly pull away from him and go to retrieve the squirrel I had shot. I turn back to look at him and find he is watching me. "Can I help you Gale?" "Hmm? Oh, nope. Just spaced out there for a second." "Wanna race back to the fence?" I ask, with a gleam in my eyes. I don't get a reply. He is already running ahead of me. "Not fair Gale!" I yell at him. He knows I'm not actually mad because he knows me so well. "Welcome District Twelve to the reaping for the 75th Annual Hunger Games!" Effie Trinket cheered while clapping her hands. Silence followed. I stood there ignoring the same old rant they do every year and the video that is played about the Dark Days. I only begin to pay attention when Effie starts walking over to the glass ball filled with the girls in my district names'. "Ladies first!" I hold my breath and pray that any name but one is called. "Primrose Everdeen!" As soon as I see my dear, sweet Prim step into the aisle that separates the boys and girls, I feel myself running forward. "No! Prim!" I scream in desperation. Peacekeepers start to hold me back. That's when I know there is only one way to save her. "I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!" "Katniss!" Prim's cries as she tries to make her way to me. It's too late. Gale has already scooped her up and is carrying her back to my mother. I give him a silent thank you in the quick second that our eyes lock. I then try to gain composure as I walk to the stage. I will not be weak. I will not go down without a fight. I will do whatever it takes to get back to my home. To Prim. Effie asks for my name and goes on blabbing about how I am the first volunteer in District Twelve. She asks then for a round of applause, but everyone in the square puts three of their fingers to their lips and raises them in the air. She then goes to draw the boy's name that will be joining me in the arena. Although I'm standing still, I freeze when I hear her call his name. Not him. Anyone but the Boy with the Bread. I owe him for keeping me alive once and I can't go into the Hunger Games like that. Not if I'm coming home. No one volunteers to take Peeta's place. His brothers are pass reaping age and even if they weren't, I have a feeling he would still be walking to stand beside me. Effie tells us to shake hands and she smiles brightly out to the crowd of unsmiling people. "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favour!" I now am sitting on a train that is traveling at an alarmingly fast rate toward the Capitol. The goodbyes with my family at the Justice Building were terrible. Prim cried and clang onto me for dear life. She made me promise to try to win. I hope I can do that for her. I have to win. I was demanding to my mother. She mustn't blank out again. Especially if I don't return home. Gale was my next visitor. He held me tightly and told me to get to a bow. He promised to take care of them. He went to say something else, but I don't know what because a Peacekeeper ripped him away from me and took him out of the room. Madge was my last goodbye. She gave me a beautiful Mockingjay pin and asked me to wear it as my token. She left then. As I am tumbling through my thoughts, I have missed our mentor, Haymitch, entering the room. Peeta is trying to get advice already and Haymitch doesn't seem to be biting. As they talk, if you can call it that, I begin to wonder what our competition is like. I also wonder who my partner will be. Someone from any District but One, Two, or Four will do. A career wouldn't hesitant to kill their partner once it was down to the final eight and pairs were broken. Of course I would have to make it to the final eight first. "When do we get to watch the other reapings?" I hear myself blurt out. "Well, well. She does speak!" Haymitch chuckles out. Peeta gives me a glance. "I think she has a good point Haymitch. We should take a look at them." Haymitch grunts before standing and waving at us to follow him. We walk to the next train car which has the largest TV I have ever seen in my life in it. There is also a big black, leather couch and several cushioned chairs that are positioned around the TV. Peeta takes a seat on the couch, but Haymitch and I each opt for a chair to ourselves. Haymitch picks up some device and turns the television on with it. He clicks a few more buttons on the thing before I see a town square filled with children on the screen. "This is District One." Haymitch says, standing up. He walks over to the bar and pours himself a drink. My eyes stay trained on the screen. The first District's tributes are a girl around my age with golden blond hair and a lean boy that might be eighteen. It's hard to tell with his boyish features. I don't like the girl. She appears to be ditsy. The boy seems like he could be decent competition. It then moves on to District Two's reaping. The girl that is reaped shoots everyone around her daggers, commanding them to be silent. You can tell she is itching to get in the games. She is so tiny, but has wickedness in her eyes. I make a mental note to watch out for her. I barely catch the name of the boy that is chosen because someone is yelling over the top of it. Out steps a tall, muscled boy with tousled blond hair and ice blue eyes. He screams danger, arrogance, and determination. He strides toward the stage with a smirk plastered on his handsome face. When asked his name he proudly declares, Cato Glacio. I'm so memorized by his features that I almost forget that he is a career. I can't be dazed by him. He's even more dangerous than the small girl next to him. I don't pay much attention through the rest of the reapings, besides District Eleven's. A small girl is picked, that must be the same age as Prim. Her name is Rue. It makes me sad and then angry when no one volunteers to save her. She is too young to die. Hell, we all are. I am impressed by Eleven's male. He has to be the tallest person in the games this year. He has huge arms and strong legs as well. He will be a good competitor. Once the reapings are done playing, Haymitch tells us he is going to his room as he grabs a bottle from the bar. Peeta and I sit there in silence for a few minutes before he speaks. "Katniss." "Hmm?" "I just wanted to tell you that I really admire you for what you did today." I'm left speechless as Peeta gets up and leaves the train car. Cato POV We've been on the train for about an hour before Clove and I decide it's time to watch the reapings. I'm anxious to see the people I will be going against. As we watch the video with our mentors, Brutus and Enobaria, Clove has a comment for each tribute that is selected. "That One girl looks like a bimbo. I can't wait to get my hands and knives on her!" Clove declares. She's right about that. The girl looks like a whore. But she does have a nice ass. She would do if I really feel the need to get laid. I'm silent throughout the rest of the reapings, and frankly I'm bored out of my damn mind. The guy from Eleven catches my interest briefly. He will be fun to kill. He