Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, J.K. Rowling is the amazing author. … If you can't beat them, join them Summary : The Light are losing the war. Over half have been slain and Voldemort, although weak, shows no sign of withdrawing or being merciful. Dying for what few remain is not an option so he's left with one choice, join them. One-shot. Drarry. Warnings: Harry has a darker nature and parts of the Battle are out of order They've been fighting this bloody battle for hours. Bodies continue to drop on both sides as there's no sign of the conflict letting up. Harry walks around the carnage that once was Hogwarts; ignoring the corpses being feasted on by vampires and werewolves, ignoring the Dark Mark which burns in the sky and ignoring the screams that echo around him. He's ceased to care, stepping over those who stretch out their hands for their Saviour, for him to save them. He does, he's merciful. He walks across the hopeless muttering the killing curse, presenting them with a much faster death than was otherwise instore for them. Ron and Hermione are dead, giving their lives whilst hunting for fragments of Voldemort's soul. Most of the Order are dead, their bodies littered about the school. Draco's parents died long before this battle because of their incompetence to complete the simplest of tasks. Malfoy's punishment was living to see it happen. As a result, they aren't quite alone, they both now only have each other. … It all started in 6th year, the year Harry began to grow in strength and stopped caring for others. The year he and Draco became fuck buddies. There were no emotions involved, just pure primal sex, no strings attached. As the nights drew on, the persistent blanket of fear suffocating their home in angst of the times to come, their nights of lust grew frequent and soon their dynamic changed. Nothing has ever been that simple between the pair, and declaring their meet ups as impartial soon turned into a lie. It was all fine until they grew protective and possessive of the other, continually losing those close to them aided in this development. The change wasn't addressed verbally, it was shown through their actions like when the other was flirting with someone that person soon appeared in the hospital ward or they'd simply returned to a wrecked room. They can't show their true destructive natures in fear of being used by the Dark or isolated by the Light, so their rooms were the main outlet, and as petty as destroying the others space was, it sent a clear message. War changed them further, they grew closer for fear of losing their property. That's how they viewed it. They'd grown to use sex as a way of releasing all the pent up shit they've had to bury. They needed the other for emotional sanity and company but Merlin they'd never admit that. The Light are losing the war. Harry knows if Draco joins him they'll be hunted; a Death Eater and the Saviour won't get far being hunted by both sides but if he joins them... He's never accepted being a Liberator, a force for good alone. As the impending battle drew near he grew less caring, and with Draco whispering alternatives to dying for the world he started to enjoy the idea of the forthcoming fight, of the bloodshed. Days turned to weeks which turned to months of being told again and again what it is he must do. He grew more jaded of them expecting him to be the answer, to sacrifice himself when he's already made his own plans. … Harry fists the blond's hair as his welcoming mouth engulfs his cock. He'll never get tired of Malfoy on his knees; even though their rendezvous occurs in the girl's bathroom on the first floor rather than their chambers. "They suspect you've been tasked with something and want me to keep an eye on you. Of course, I already know what you're – ah – doing, but screw them. Molly still thinks of me as an innocent boy and Lupin's too grief-stricken about Sirius to notice any change in me. Fuck. Honestly, people are dying all the time I don't see how anyone is still shocked by it –" Draco licks the underside of his cock, knowing the immense pleasure it brings and hopes it will shut him up. He's rewarded with a deep moan but Harry bucks his hips too seeking more. Malfoy's gag reflex flares, he's use to it, and pulls back immediately but deliberately grazes his teeth on his cock grabbing his attention. "Can you whine about this later?" He says scowling, pissed of being constantly choked. "Complain and fuck it's what we do." Harry states matter-of-factly like it's all rather obvious, and tries to push Draco's mouth back to his aching manhood. He sighs, pulling a face like he agrees and bobs down again, redoubling his efforts to keep him silent as soon the Saviour is spilling into his mouth. Draco stands and Harry reaches into his already open trousers. "You started without me." He comments, mouthing at his neck. He loves marking him, indicating he's taken. Harry takes him out of his fly and resumes the position the blond was just in. They never undress fully in case someone comes in. From months of going rogue and engaging in acts of depravity, they don't bother to warn the other when they're going to finish although much to Draco's surprise Harry stays put and swallows. The first time they swallow is always the hottest. Panting, Draco pulls him up and kisses him roughly. The first time they kissed they feared it would make them more like a couple but both being great at it the worry was pushed to the back of their minds. Draco moans into it, his tongue chasing the fellow seekers. "You like it?" Harry asks, reading his body language and finds he's turned on by it. "What if I do?" Draco replies smugly, smirking as his emerald eyes darken. "You do taste great." Harry says grinning. Draco knows if he hadn't just come he'd be hard again. Finally, they separate, only staying together for 5 minutes to avoid their situation appearing anything more than lust, and both start redressing. "You don't have to do what they want." Draco says into the silence as he rebuttons his fly. Harry looks at him confused as he pulls up his trousers, hopping on one leg as it sticks around his right heel. "You're dark of heart. I'm surprised others don't see it. And your eyes..." Malfoy stops as he sees a smile appear on the Gryffindor's face. "Aww, I never knew you noticed such things." Draco scowls but goes on nonetheless, transfiguring a book on his desk into a large, rectangular mirror. "Look." He orders, grasping Harry's chin so he's looking into it. He stands slightly behind to not obstruct the view, moving a hand under his shirt so he can brush his nipples, trailing it over his back as he lightly claws down it knowing he has a kink for pain. Harry looks away biting his lip to withhold a moan and shivers. "Look." Draco repeats and he does, eyes widening when he notices they're darker and more elliptical like a reptile. He blinks once. They're still there. He blinks again and they've returned to normal. Being who he is, he's learnt to accept the crazy crap that accompanies his life so he skips the remarks of surprise and goes straight for answers. "Does it happen a lot?" "When you're experiencing pain or pleasure and that's the only time I properly see you. It's been more frequent though, I think others are noticing." "That explains the looks I've been getting." Looks of fear. "What do you think it means?" Draco meets his eyes in the reflection, the honest expression reminding him of a younger version, when he still had hope, when he still cared. "Before Granger - I read her notes on your little adventures. As you know there's a piece of You-Know-Who in you. But what she realised was the more horcruxes you destroyed, the larger the piece in you became, and with there being 2 pieces left you're now a third him." Harry looks away from his reflection disgusted. He's becoming Voldemort. Before their hunt, he was already struggling with himself; the increasing anger and violent tendencies created the suspicion that this was the case, but to have it confirmed…he knows there's no chance of the old him coming back. He breathes heavier lost in his thoughts and doesn't register arms bringing him down as he sits on the floor. "Both souls must still be separate." "Huh?" The paranoia that he'll turn into a homicidal maniac at any second makes focusing on his surroundings unimportant. "His soul and yours aren't merged." "How do you know?" "We wouldn't be doing this and I'd be dead." "You-Know-Who can't stand non-pure-blood relationships, I doubt he likes same sex ones either." Harry frowns, what if he hurts Draco? Kills him even? "If I think you're going to hurt or kill me, I'll be sure to do everything but the killing curse." Harry smiles and pulls him into a hug. Draco hugs back, leaning into the boy as they enjoy a rare action. The Slytherin separates as he starts to like the feeling of being in the warmth of someone's arms. "I'm not your girlfriend Potter." He accuses standing. Harry snickers and stands too. "No, you're much prettier." He blows a kiss jokily and leaves the bathroom. ... Harry continues across Hogwart's grounds until he reaches the Forbidden Forest. It was where he saw Voldemort was and he's had enough of pretending to care for those at the school. He moves into the clearing, being greeted by a group of roughly 20 cloaked and masked figures alongside the Inner Circle. "You wanted me so here I am." He calls across the gap between them, unwilling quite yet, to get closer. He feels the air change at his presence. There's another scent in the air alongside the wood and damp of the forest; it smells like rot. He doesn't focus on what it means as the air charges with magic and he feels the Imperius Curse roll over him futilely. His mother's magic, his own and Voldemort's makes him a much stronger contender than everyone he faces combined but he can't let them know that. He must remain the orphan child with little to live for. "Harry Potter." Voldemort breaths, "You're either brave or foolish to have come to me." "I didn't come on behalf of them. I came for you." Harry replies, heavily relying on his rehearsed speech with Malfoy. You must bow when addressing Him, never make direct eye contact and never call him anything over than My Lord. Isn't that a bit excessive? Can't we just shake hands or something? You so much as look at Him wrong and every Death Eater will have killed you twice over before you hit the ground, let alone allow you to get close enough to touch Him. What if I give him my wand? Do you want to die? Malfoy's incredulous expression perfectly sums up his suggestion. What if I – This continued for some time; Harry's ideas being rejected until he decided to follow Malfoy unquestioningly. Something he thought he'd never do. Harry takes out his wand and someone attacks, he only sees the movement of a cloaked figure but it's enough. "Confringo." His reflexes are far superior to the wizards and witches surrounding their Lord but more point their wands at him as they watch the figure explode. Voldemort merely puts up his hand and they lower them, rolling his hand in a motion telling him to continue. "I have certain possessions I need safe and they won't be if the Light