Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, J.K. Rowling is the amazing author. … Throne Summary : Once released from a years imprisonment in Azkaban, Malfoy spends his time restoring his wealth and building his power. That's not enough, he wants another prize, he wants the Saviour. One-shot. Inspiration : The song Throne by Bring Me the Horizon Harry did what was just, not what was right. He left Malfoy to face the penalties of every traitor of The Light since he was the only living, captured Death Eater after the battle, knowing of the atrocities that lay ahead for him. Malfoy watched his fate rest in the hands of a damaged boy, despite showing clear signs that he wanted to help; occasionally uttering the acts he and his family portrayed before and during the battle, acts that could lighten his sentence or even free him, but he was still being shepherded and lead after his quest was complete, so lost in the emotional tidal wave of the battle, that he allowed himself to be governed by friends and his adopted family as to what his new image and role will be in shaping their broken world. Over the months of his incarceration, Malfoy wondered if Potter was even aware, appearing more like a shell of the past than an icon for the future. After the trial he was abandoned by the Saviour; left to drown as the weight of over a hundred convictions dragged his mind and soul into perdition. He soon lost count of the amount of times he was tortured and beaten, each blow tearing a fissure in his resolve, but he refused to give in to the demons in his head pleading him to. Saturated in pain, a constant since the age of 16, he learnt to live alongside it, feed off it, let it guide him and fuel his conquest to reign high once more after being left for dead in the cells of Azkaban. One year into residing in the prison, Malfoy was anonymously released from a high power. He was saved. Determined and desperate to find out who, and already knowing, he wants, no needs, confirmation and explanation as to why he's suddenly been remembered and pardoned. After all, what is the point? He has nothing. He is no-one. This world holds nothing for him anymore. Maybe he can become more than what he was, maybe he can claw back what he had. Screw answers and being equals, he wants to match such a standing of the man that freed him. He was thrown to the wolves and now, he'll return leader of the whole pack. Malfoy's release circulated in the papers for months, resulting in the return of the routine of being beaten and abused by all sides; light, dark, supposed intermediaries, and it's been exactly what he needs. Every obstruction has built him; the schoolboy rivalry, living in dark company, the insults, physical confrontations, all of it has made him stronger. Every wound has strengthened his resolve, every scar is a reminder of his suffering and conquests, shaping his throne and aiding his goal for complete dominion. … 5 years on from the war, Malfoy enters the house of Verity and Alasdair Hawkworth, the hosts of tonight's charity gala. They're part of an old and noble pureblood family; some of the ascendants have worked in the British Ministry of Magic as members of the Wizengamot, and the majority were renowned members of society, influencing many and were among the firsts to build their fortune after the First War. Malfoy looks about the opulent ballroom and is fully aware that many eyes are upon him. It's exactly what he wants. Being a sponsor, it's custom to honour your beneficiaries so he was invited to this select gathering. High society hates that he's grown and recovered more than they ever will. He's reaping the benefits of his cunning and ambition; after spending years of hard, honest labour at the cost of his own pain. He has the scars to show for it. His moral making has been proven under veritaserum - through a non-consensual confrontation where it was forced upon him and the law-breaking act was overlooked given the victim wasn't worthy enough to receive justice - that he has built himself stick by stick to reach his pinnacle, recover the family vault and bring sovereignty back into his name. He has an empire, he has a crown yet he associates with the peasants who believe he is scum. If only they weren't so blind, they'd have a chance to atone and seek association with his eminence. Malfoy walks between the families he's grown up with but readily turned their back on him and his mother so as not to be dragged down too. It was unsurprising, they'd have done the same if the tables were turned but he wouldn't change his past for the world, it gives him the chance to relish in the mockery that now he can spit on their future investments; when they beg for his money and title, when he can laugh in their faces. Although he needs no-one, it doesn't stop him from wanting one. For the longest time since his imprisonment in the manor, he's glad to be in the company of purebloods. Their blood status is one of the few things most of the invitees have left, a lot of their businesses lost their funding as customers withdrew their memberships in fear of associating with bad company. For once, prejudice was placed amongst the Gods. Malfoy's dressed in new grey robes, a deep purple silk shirt, and dark grey trousers. He looks good and he knows it. He deliberately went for an amatory look at this affair, aware that eyes are drawn to him whether reluctantly or openly. He can smell the pheromones as he walks past them, deliberately brushing against some as they react to his being. Some shiver with want, some retract in disgust. Either way he owns them and it's orgasmic. Malfoy acts and walks with superiority, like no-one else in the room matters only it's not an act, no-one does. He behaves politely, still needing them on his side and embraces the snake within him, using charm and beauty to coax and beguile those who need putting in their place. He flirts with married company, makes light jovial insults with men that despise him, entices those that go in for a bad boy. He gets them so worked up that he can practically smell their arousal, see how hard and wet they are as he subtly watches but never allows them to know he's watching as he suppresses the grin wanting to break free at the way they squirm, hands ghosting places they wish were his digits instead. If he wasn't in public he'd laugh, allow himself to indulge in the glory of his evolution now he is considerably more than he was and is still able to worm inside the heads of the weak-minded. Those of a strong will, such as Potter, take a lot more work. The guest's ability to act and speak honestly about him, is restricted in the presence of such an extinguished guest. As Harry's aged, he's grown more of a back bone although somethings are engrained into him such as attending these galas and balls. Mention charity and he's a guaranteed show. It's this guarantee that allows Malfoy to plan the perfect attack. At that thought, his eyes surf the mass of overdressed widowers and paunty, balding men until he finds those mesmerising emerald orbs, or rather those eyes find pale grey. Regardless of who has started this interaction Malfoy jumps onto the moment, lifting his glass of champagne no higher than a few centimetres above his mouth but the gesture is noticeable enough across the ballroom and tips it in Potter's direction, a toast between the two before finishing the bubbly in the flute and flat coupe glass and simply turns around, his most powerful move and riskiest one. He walks to the ornately carved, ivory double doors leading onto a balcony overlooking the grounds. They're nowhere near as impressive as Malfoy Manor but they still represent the wealth the Hawkworth's once had. It's always been the two of them. Their names can't escape each other, especially since they're both the largest contributors to these galas. It's the small acts; the ones that aren't enough to be satisfactory, the hook that leads to their damnation again and again, that determines in a few minutes Potter will be walking through the balcony doors behind him. He's missed the sparring. Plenty of people insult him and try to start fights but they're they're not worth his attention. He wants to get Potter engaged and interested in him once more. He wants that spark that was never-ending in their youth. He's a worthy opponent but that's not what he wants tonight. Time draws on as the first song finishes. Has he made a mistake? He has dominated countless obstacles to get to where he is now, he needs this last chapter. As the melody of the second song starts to rise and fall, he has the urge to start pacing or worse, return. He banishes the thoughts of the weak and listens to the person-less orchestra. To those of unclean blood it looks like impressive magic, managing to charm each instrument that they play in a unison tempo and pitch but Malfoy knows the truth, the Black List is in play. There is a list comprising of ways to save your galleons while living and feigning the life of luxury. It brings shame and slowly eats away at you like a new plague. It brought him great joy at the sight at how Lady Verity reacted. He walked up to the hosts, seeing the look of loathing in their eyes only spurred him on as he greeted them and looked around their home. "It's a bit black out today, don't you think?" He commented, internally grinning as the wife opened her mouth to correct him. Her head turns to the bay windows streaming in sunlight as she attempts to grasp the opening to embarrass him, so he pointedly looks elsewhere, keeping an eye on the way her husband stops her from passing comment and notice his gaze at the band. Her eyes widen like a gazelle in wand light and she swallows thickly, the only sign of her nervousness at potentially being outed as frauds but otherwise doesn't comment on the matter or express what she'd like to say about him. She simply raises her head and turns to their next guest, his cue to move on. It grows colder as the sun sets, leaving beautiful streaks of coral pink, powder blue and honey orange amongst the horizon. Clouds of his own breath fade in the air and casts a warming charm. He's allowed to be comfortable and he won't give in. Not yet. Not ever. As the song reaches halfway he hears the music grow louder, a sure sign that the door is open and then dim again as it's shut. He doesn't turn. If it's not him then he'll simply obliviate the encounter. Too many have used his liking for isolation to seek their own inconsequential revenge for themselves, their loved ones, or the hurting world in general as they lust to harm the one free, denounced Death Eater, the only one they have access to and to inflict their woes upon. He's bored by the attacks; no longer being unresponsive to callous beatings and unrecognition of his dominion. He's worth more than them and their juvenile behaviour. He's the one on the throne, his subjects have no standing. Malfoy moves his hand towards his inside pocket for his wand when unmistakable dark hair moves into his peripheral vision. It worked. He's here. Malfoy doesn't look at him, refusing to acknowledge his presence or start phatic