Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, J. K. Rowling is the amazing creator and author. … Answers Summary : Harry tries to talk to Malfoy the first day back of 8th year, but as expected it doesn't go to plan. They end up in the Room of Requirement, a scorched husk after its encounter with fiendfyre. How do the pair cope with being trapped in the place they almost died? One-shot. Walking through the carriages on the first day back to Hogwarts, Harry feels like he can finally put the events of the past behind him and concentrate on his future. His summer was full of funerals, interviews and restorations. He was urged to relax, told he deserved time to himself but that left him alone with his thoughts and that was dangerous. His resolution to move on is stunted when he notices Malfoy as Blaise enters their compartment with its blinds drawn and the tell-tale shimmer of wards in play. He continues walking until he sees finds his friends, hugging those who he hadn't been able to catch up with and let the nostalgic feeling of returning home bask over him once more. This happiness doesn't last long as the image of the blond staring out at the countryside takes over his mind, making him restless and unable to focus on this new term. The Malfoy's disappeared after the trial when the miraculous result of their being pardoned was cast. No newspaper or reporter could charm their way into locating the family or entering their heavily protected abode. This pleased Harry, that they'll have some time alone before Malfoy had to return for the new school year and the world would gawk at him again. It also meant they could talk. This conclusive action on the train is what has him currently running down corridors to catch up with the blond after he watched him leave dinner. "Malfoy!" He calls, finally glimpsing platinum hair and watches the boy stiffen. He turns, looking over the flushed Gryffindor as if he knew the confrontation was coming and continues walking in his path. Harry hears, "Leave me alone Potter." in a tired tone, and watches the boy leave. He continues with his goal regardless. Malfoy keeps walking despite hearing Harry's presence behind him. Harry knows he shouldn't push him, that he should respect his boundaries but this new approach to not testing him hasn't quite set in with Malfoy yet. Harry quickens his stride until he's standing in front of the blond. He looks good, healthy, much better than when he last saw him in court. Malfoy tries to side step him but Harry copies like a shadow, his expression turning from exasperation to angry at being stopped as he pulls out his wand, raising his eyebrow, as is his signature, and dares him to proceed. Duelling on the first day back would get them both in trouble. Now Harry's pissed, all he wants to do is talk but instead they resolve to duelling as has been their habit for 7 years as he pulls out his own wand. He's aware he can stop the oncoming fight, but as Malfoy tries to head back to his dorm Harry blocks his path and that's the last straw. All Malfoy wants is a quiet year; no trouble, no fights, no contact with the Saviour. He's been back for less than 12 hours and spells are already sizzling past his head as he attempts to be free, so he can hide in his quarters and hope the next 11 months pass fast. As they offend and defend, they gradually move down the corridor until a new noise other than their spells catch their attention. They stand panting and vexed, but on an agreeable hiatus as they stare at the wall. It seems to be moving. If the repairs committed over the summer are lacking, the Headmistress needs to be alerted before any casualties can come about. He quickly realises it's not an issue with the structure as a dark, patterned door struggles to form in the stone, the arch forming then melting into the brick. They stand frozen, transfixed at the spectacle, knowing exactly what door they're standing in front of and shocked that the magic damaged the room so deeply it short circuited externally. Merlin knows how the interiors faring. They've both avoided this part of the castle when all of eighth year were taken on a tour of the castle to review the new layout. Hermione asked about his opposition to join them in that corridor, noticing his absence. He has no right to feel so strongly about the room when her and Ron were also present, they almost died alongside him yet again but he can't shake the feeling that he's suffocating every time he's near it, like he's encased in the sweltering heat that his clothes sticking to him at the mere thought. The door solidifies and opens, releasing a silhouette of ash. Once it clears they find that they're inside. The room has tried to heal itself over the many months of being abandoned, it still is as objects move and reappear in varying states of decay and ruin. They both look at each other, gripping their wands tight as the overwhelming smell of burning makes the air dense. They look over the expanse of ash looking like a grey desert as fear and curiosity take turns in leading their actions as they tentatively move across the carbonised wasteland. Harry's attention is brought to his right as Malfoy rushes backwards, placing a hand on his stomach before he vomits. Harry frowns at the grisly scene but heads in his direction and barely holds his own stomach contents, clutching a hand over his mouth in desperation as he too is repulsed from the sight. They can't be...can they? He looks back down at blackened bones, unmistakably human. One of the joys of the Room of Requirement was that you could find something you'd once lost or come across something you never knew you needed. Stumbling across the burnt remains of Vincent Crabbe wasn't one they wished to find. Fairly confident that the likelihood of vomiting has passed, Harry looks over at Malfoy who's vanished his sick and is sitting with his knees drawn to his chest, his complexion pale and dewy. Harry imagines a door, an exit, anything to leave this forsaken space. Malfoy has his eyes closed doing the same. Nothing. They open their eyes, frustrated as the room shifts and groans repeatedly, as it tries to find a function. Harry clenches his jaw and undoes his tie, pulling the knot down to free his airways. Malfoy pulls off his robes, undoing his top button and swallows. They're finally back in the room they almost died in. Harry chances a look at Malfoy and it's like looking into a mirror as he sees the panic-stricken expression. Harry places his head in his hands, biting his tongue to keep down the bile and rid his head of the images of flames roaring at them from all directions. He takes a steadying breathe and runs a hand through his hair rhythmically. It's what Ginny does when he'd head into an uncontrollable panic even though they broke up. She was, and remains, one of the most loyal and understanding friend he could want. While dating she wouldn't rush them in their intimacy or degrade him when facing his fears and traumas as she was simultaneously battling her own. The family grieved over Fred's death, as well as Tonks and Remus. He just couldn't pull himself back enough to stay composed and whole. Hermione's theory is that a hole was left in his soul when Voldemort's own was ripped from him. The years of them, merging and streaking with his was normal, so much so that when he awoke cold and confused on the forest floor he'd never felt overwhelmingly empty. The voice in his head had vanished, as did the homicidal feelings and he was back to being Harry, the wizard appointed to save the world. An orange glow suddenly fills the room and they both stand, wands gripped as they edge together. Smoke cascades off the blackened piles that still stand as piles of ash seem to glow and wriggle, the likelihood being that they're ashwinders. They search about for the source of the smoke, for the flames but it disappears again and they're returned to low lighting. It's another illusion, the room is passing through its past shapes as it relentlessly tries to settle. Malfoy rubs his throat and Harry removes his robes too; his skin feeling feverish and the layers don't help. The room changes again. Harry jolts as they're surrounded by mirrors and the transparent figures of the DA, including himself, the target dummy in the centre of the room which they used to practice spells on. Malfoy sits straighter, looking about the memory and then at Harry. Finally, the room returns to the shell for a second and then it's swirling in a nauseous mix of colours before solidifying in another memoir from the past. A large cabinet appears half a metre in front of them, clawing and chirping coming from its interior. Harry catches a glimpse of blond hair before it's hidden by a tower of desks. Harry tries to follow it, see what this apparition is doing but Malfoy springs up, holding him back with a tight grip on his arm. "Don't." Harry looks at Malfoy, at the hand on his shoulder stopping him from viewing the truth rather than just hearing about it in court while he was under veritaserum. He's lost the apparition as the room changes back to its blackened hollow and his arm is released. He hasn't the strength to fight him so he shrugs off the hand and sits. The room seems to focus on them more as a chanting of Harmonia Nectere Passus fills the room. Malfoy stiffens, waiting to see himself and the cabinet but nothing shows, just his voice. Patronus' bound across the room; a hare, a Jack Russell, an otter, a stag, all dancing and rushing through the air in a brilliant display. Those were happier days, even though their group was preparing for the war, it brought about unison, a collaboration of lost and scared students who needed a leader and found hope in him. "We need to focus." A strained voice pipes up. Harry turns to the sound, turning to Malfoy he seems unnaturally calm. "It's focusing on our affiliation within its walls rather than our internal requirements." "So, we need to stop thinking." "In essence, yes." "In essence?" "You're not exactly company that allows me to put my guard down." "Likewise." That didn't matter at one point, not when Harry had to make the choice between letting him live or letting him die. After witnessing Goyle fall into the beast, no matter what evil Malfoy had committed and was going to commit, he made up his mind. At that thought the room is suddenly engorged in flames. Blinded by the ferocity and intensity that can't be mistook for anything other than fiendfyre, they both stand staring wide-eyed. "This can't be real." Harry mutters but he already knows the answer. Everything in this room is real in one sense or another. He can feel the heat, see the mutating flames tower and dive for them like they're sentient. He feels a hand in his and he's dragged from its path. He quickly finds his feet; his hand is released and they run. "Stop thinking!" He just hears the words over the deafening crackle and hiss of blazing objects. He pictures looking up at freckled cheeks, loose strands of ginger hair covering her brown eyes as he lies with his head in Ginny's lap. She'd spot the symptoms the moment they began. They'd talked about anything and everything that happened before and during the battle;