Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, J. K. Rowling is the amazing creator and author. … I'll see you soon (Firsts) Summary: Harry and Draco are sent on a mission to capture a former Death Eater hiding in Gringotts, however the mission soon grows deadly as Draco's left wandless and Harry doesn't see the wand pointed at his back. They never knew this mission would be their last. In two parts. Part 1: Draco sails through the air, landing on a mound of rocks broken off from the ceilings and walls caused by a haywire of spells and deliberate bombarda's in hopes to bury them alive. His head falls back on a rugged corner, and he hears a crack at the base of his skill, a high pitch ringing resonating in his head blocking out any other sound. He grunts from the pain, his vision dimming and turning black… He can't pass out, not here. He opens his eyes and lifts his head gingerly, bringing his dust covered hand shakily to feel the back of his head, cursing when blood coats his fingers and looks about at the unrelenting battle. He's too vulnerable as his wand lies a few metres away, and the traitors aren't showing any sign of surrendering. His legs failing him, he promptly returns to the pile as a wave of vertigo washes over. He turns to the side and empties his stomach, wiping a hand across his mouth as black spots cover his vision. He tries again and looks up, noticing Harry's stopped fighting and is looking at him concerned. Draco freezes, wanting to point out his idiocy at being an open target, but relaxes noticing the shimmer of a shield, of course he's not undefended. Not like him. Draco knows Harry will try to come over even though he's single-handedly fighting most of the opposition, their attention drawn to him since he's the strongest wizard there and needs to be eliminated if they've any chance of escaping. Draco stands successfully this time and tries to look uninjured walking towards his wand, that's when he notices it's in two pieces. His face must convey his fear as he notices Harry turn towards him. He watches as the assailants double over in pain clutching their ears, he must have cast the Shrieking charm he created; a noise higher than a mandrake's screams penetrating their brains. He notices blood trickling out of some of their ears. "Expelliarmus!" Harry doesn't even flinch when his wand leaves his hand as before it's gone too far he thrusts out his arm calling it back and fires another round of spells. Draco knows the plan; if one of them is severely hurt or in mortal danger, they return to the house warding it and wait to hear from the other by patronus. He knows he won't be able to reach a Floo unprotected and knows Harry knows it too. He attempts to get closer to Harry keeping low and out of fire. He casts a shield as rubble rains on him, grateful that they've both been practising wandless magic for years, mainly trying to better themselves as wizards and be prepared for any situation. He manages to deflect spells and more showers of rock as he sticks to the edges, casting deprimo at anyone who's too near. Thudding like a hundred drums reverberates inside his head, the pain draws his attention from his shield and it fluctuates as does his ability to stay upright. He leans against the cold damp wall, darkness clawing at the edges of his mind, wanting to drag him into unconsciousness, away from the pain and peril. He falls to his knees, not sure where he's been hit as pain radiates in all his muscles form exhaustion but at least he's still alive, just managing to protect himself from reducto . He sends out incendio, watching with amusement as flames engulf his attackers and leans to the side groaning as the large use of energy brings him closer to fainting. It's his magic that's primarily keeping him functioning as is; much like a second life force which preserves magical people as they exceed their physical limitations. Harry's roughly four feet away, he must stay conscious until he has an opportunity to reach him. Resting his head against the wall, the stone cools his blazing head. He's forgotten the stickiness running down his neck for the past 15 minutes, the ache in his legs and pain behind his eyes as familiar yellow hair catches his attention. Yaxley. His vision blurs as he strains to fight his body, he must stay awake and protect Harry. He watches Yaxley raise his wand still trying to stay concealed behind the man-made rock hill and his heart stops. Harry's in the line of fire and there's no way he'll be able to counter whatever curse he produces. Draco panics, adrenaline surging through his body as he emerges from the shadows. Ignoring that he's indefensible and injured, knowing that yelling to him will be no good through the constant explosions as he rushes to his partner's side. Yaxley sends off the curse and Draco just manages to stand with his back to Harry's, facing the spell. It spreads through him and he collapses, lifeless. ... They live comfortably since Harry has more money than sense and Malfoy was made Keeper of his family fortune, so after dating for 2 years they moved to a charming two-bedroom house in Oxford, not isolated but far enough from urban life that they have their privacy. They weren't expecting to be called in. An owl wakes them tapping on the window. Not many people know of this house, but he calms when he notices the seal is from the Ministry and that it says it's been forwarded to him by Hermione. His mail is sent to The Burrow and she knows of his want for a life outside the public eye, and kindly forwards his important letters the day they arrive, leaving general mail until he collects it at the weekend. Harry takes the letter from the owl's beak, stroking her silky feathers and hands her a coin from the pouch to the left of the burgundy curtains before she stretches she wings and flies away. Harry stays standing at the window, starting to open the letter until he hears movement from the bed and looks up to see his tired partner sitting on his knees with his arms up in silent invitation to return to bed. Harry smiles at the gesture and moves back into bed, letting Draco's arms circle him as he rests on his chest content again. Draco rests a hand on his back, glancing at the raven-hair obscuring the face of the man beneath him with a small smile on his lips. Harry raises the letter into the air and let's it go; it begins to read itself aloud as it hovers. Auror Potter, We have located Corban Yaxley in the deepest level of Gringotts Wizarding Bank. We are certain he has sent for reinforcements before our arrival resulting in a likely ambush. I am aware that it is your day off and you will be recompensed for your time. Please arrive at 9am. (Signed) Kingsley Shacklebolt, Minister for Magic Draco tenses at the mention of the Death Eater, the man still rightfully striking fear into him all these years later. He sighs not wanting to leave the warmth of their bed but his duty replaces his own desires, he knows must check whether he has a letter too. Picking up his wand he casts lumos and stands, searching for his clothes as his courteous upbringing makes him refuse to apparate in just his boxers, something Harry has done on many occasions much to his entertainment. He picks up a well-loved jumper with holes in parts and threads fraying from the pile of clothes by their bed. Now this is a definite screw you to his strict upbringing, the idea of wearing anything with so much as a thread loose let alone adorning holes, would turn his parents stomach. He passes the window on his way to the chest of drawers storing their pyjamas, not that they're ever worn as light hits the crimson material and he immediately recognises it as Harry's. Draco smiles, bringing the sleeves to his nose as he breaths in the comforting smell. He slides on a pair of grey plaid trousers and heads to the door, leaving the room with a yawn as he walks down the stairs. He passes the mixture of moving and unmoving photos hanging on the wall, the motionless ones still creeping him out, as he heads into the kitchen, routinely filling the kettle and takes out their favourite mugs from the cupboard. Harry's reads 'Bed hair, don't care' and his reads 'Warning: Grumpy when woken'. Harry brought it after they forgot to duplicate the coffee jar and consequently ran out. Draco was a moody git for hours, even returning to calling him by his surname as he stropped in his caffeine-less stupor. Harry didn't know whether to feel worried, shocked or amused at how something simple like ground beans can reign in the monster of his past self. 3 strong cups of tea and a shag in the shower later, he finally had his partner unwound. Saturday is continental day. It's a tradition he's kept since childhood; it being started thanks to an Italian nanny, and is now incorporated into their weekly routine. He mixes cocoa powder and sugar together in a small saucepan, stirring milk into it the dry ingredients until the sugar has dissolved. He loves cooking on Saturdays, it's calming and enjoyable. He keeps it on a low heat; letting it simmer before whisking in 2 tablespoons of cornstarch. He continually whisks the cocoa mixture, until the hot chocolate thickens. Perfect. He inhales the sweet, heavenly aroma and checks the time. 7:30am. The freshly-baked croissants will arrive by floo at 8am, thanks to their liaison in Claudette's bakery in Paris after solving one of their strangest cases where the owner was charged for murder by muggle police. Placing their drink under a warming charm, he pulls on a pair of black converse, unlocks the wooden door and walks to the end of the drive where the wards end and he can apparate. He arrives at the Manor looking about the dust covered mansion. He doesn't like going back to his childhood home, the nice memories having been overridden by the month's pain endured here during the Dark Lords reign. His mother hadn't wanted to live there after the war, she moved to France instead while his father rotted in Azkaban. He'd stopped blaming Harry for his incarceration, Harry never made him support the Dark Lord and he knew, much like himself, he was doing what he had to do to survive. Some days he thinks of cleaning the abode, returning it to its beautiful splendour but that would pain him more than its current dilapidated state. He continues down the large, empty hall, his footsteps echoing against the bare walls as he heads to the window where owls leave the mail. He checks the pouch of coins which he's enchanted to go to owls own pouch and adds a few more galleons and sickles before he turns to the pile of letters, sifting through to find the latest one. Without another thought to his old life he returns to their house, only having been gone 4 minutes but it felt like a lifetime and closes the door. He finishes pouring their drinks, placing them on a tray before collecting the pastries from the fire place and walks upstairs. Draco smiles warmly at a shirtless Harry, his head resting on his arms behind his head as he watches him enter. Draco raises and eyebrow at him and he gets the message, vanishing his clothes so he's back in just his boxers