Katniss POV Beep. Beep. Beep. Katniss groaned as she woke up from the incessant sound of her alarm as she did every Monday through Friday at 6:30am. That sound was a constant reminder of the mundane life she had been living for the past four years, since her oldest started pre-school. It's not that Katniss didn't love taking care of her children, but the only thing she had to look forward to everyday was getting them ready for school, dropping them off, cleaning, laundry, picking them up, soccer practice, ballet, piano, karate, dinner, homework, sleep, again. She had been a mom for so long that she lost herself somewhere in the jumble. Katniss didn't have to open her eyes to know that her work-a-holic husband was not lying next to her. She placed her hand on his side of the bed and could tell it was already cold, meaning he's had been gone for a while, probably since 5 this morning. How he left the bed every morning without waking her up was a mystery, but still he managed to do it everyday. She reached up to turn off the alarm and knocked over a glass of water with a note placed gently over it. She knew what the note said without having to open it: Girl on Fire, I love you more today than yesterday. Love Peeta Girl on Fire was a nickname she got in college, when one night while having sex, she knocked over a candle and set the curtains on fire. It was an inside joke between the two of them. This was the same note he left every Monday, probably to make up for the fact that she hardly ever saw him. Katniss opened up the now wet note anyway and saw a crushed dandelion fall out. This small detail was new; he must be feeling nostalgic. The dandelion was a symbol from their youth when they were poor and desperate to leave their mothers to chase the world together. Every time the dandelions were in full blooms, they would go to the meadow by Uncle Haymich's house and blow on the seeds, wishing for whatever their heart desired. When they were just getting to know each other, the wishes were superficial like 'I wish for a million dollars' or 'I wish for a car on my 16th birthday,' but as they grew to know other year after year, the wishes became more serious like, 'I wish my mom would get better,' or 'I wish my mom would stop hitting me.' The last time they went to that field was the spring after Prim died and she blew hundreds maybe thousands of dandelions wishing that the death was a dream. All Peeta could do was hold her. She stepped out of the bed and headed to the bathroom to take a quick shower. The shower was probably her second favorite part of the day, because she had the time reflect and think about what her life should have been like: A foresting job, a husband who was a baker and came home at 5, 2 happy well adjusted children. The shower was marble with two his and her showerheads and a glass door. Directly outside of the shower, there were heated tiles, which instantly warm her up. This was a feature Peeta demanded when they renovated the house, and is a luxury that she was embarrassed to say, she loved, especially considering how much it cost. She walked to the sink to brush her teeth and put on a little make up, out of habit mostly, some mascara, eyeliner, bronzer and lip-gloss. On the counter of her sink sat her jewelry box. She opened it up as she did every morning and looked at the simple gold necklace with one pearl at the end. Katniss recalled the moment that he gave it to her: the summer after their senior year when they made love for the first time. Peeta told her he had been carrying it around for a while and just never felt the time was right. It wasn't a proposal, he said, but rather a promise that he would always be there for her, love her and cherish her, and if the time was ever right, he would marry her. After that speech her heart was racing partly out of fear from such a forever promise, but she looked in his eyes, knew he wasn't lying and took the gift, wearing it everyday. But one night three weeks ago, Peeta spent all night at the office at a time when both of her children were simultaneously fighting an infection. She asked him repeatedly to come home but he didn't because of some dealings with a company in China, and the promise the necklace symbolized broke for the final time. She could no longer look at it without feeling extreme anger or extreme sadness. Katniss slammed the jewelry box closed and walked from the bathroom directly to the closet to pick out something to wear. The closet alone was bigger than house she grew up in, with more shoes and cocktail dress that she wanted. She typically only wore those for Peeta's business events and dinners, and he bought her a new one each time. Her body wandered to the back of the closet and she touched the suits and jackets she used to wear before the kids, before this enormous house and before Peeta's business took off. However, today, like everyday, she was mommy, nothing more and nothing less, so she quickly put on jeans, a blouse, blazer and a scarf. She grabbed her uggs, another luxury she loved, and left the closet for the kitchen. The kitchen in the house was comparable to a chef's kitchen with all state of the art appliances and features. There were granite counter tops, an attached bar, a Keurig, an espresso machine and a state of the art juicer that no one ever used. It would be fitting for her baker husband if he ever had time to use it, and Katniss's abilities in the kitchen were limited to pasta, salad, grilled cheese, eggs and meat. She put a K-cup in and walked up the stairs to her daughter's room to wake her up. Her daughter had a large room with a full sized canopy bed, a desk, dresser and a small couch. Peeta painted the most beauty mural on the wall of the lake that they used to go fishing, mostly because it was Willow's favorite place in the world, and partly because it was where she was conceived. "Willow", Katniss said as she patted her daughter's head, "Willow, honey, wake up its time for school." Willow looked up at her mom with her beautiful blue eyes and grumbled something while dragging herself out of bed. Katniss used to help her with everything from picking out school clothes to doing her hair but Willow informed her mother a week before 2st grade that "she was a big girl and could do it herself." Luckily this year, Willow had to wear uniforms to school because her weekend outfits never seem to match. Next, Katniss walked to her big boy, Ryan's (Rye for short), slightly smaller room. Katniss was still allowed to help him get ready for Pre-K, so she picked out his clothes, and helped him pack his backpack every night before bed. He looked and her with his gray eyes, and gave her a smile that was identical to Peeta's. Katniss picked him up and took him to the bathroom. She watched him brush his teeth, checked to make sure they were clean, and told him to get dressed before heading back to the kitchen to make breakfast and lunch. Katniss watched her kids eat their breakfast, while sipping her coffee. Willow was very excited to find out they would be eating cheese buns instead of their normal English muffin in addition to fruit, scrambled eggs and milk. While stuffing her face with cheese buns, Willow looked up to her mother, pushed her dark brown curls out of her face and said "Mommy, don't forget that you signed up to be room mom for the back to school party this Friday. You have to bring candy and cookies. My favorites are sugar cookies and chocolate chip. Cindy's mom brought cupcakes at the end of school party last year and they were gross. Maybe you can bring cupcakes too? And candy?" "I want Candy," Rye said giggling. He was such a happy 4 year old. Katniss smiled at her bossy daughter and touched her daughter's hair, "I won't forget baby, I promise, and no candy for you Rye, until Halloween. I think we need to pick out costumes soon so we can get them in the mail on time. I am going to be an evil witch… Muhahahaha." "But mom," Rye said, "Witches are scary, you're not scary, you're mommy." "I am mommy," Katniss said while she reached out to tickle Rye and watched him break into a fit full of giggles, "But I can be scary sometimes too." Willow, getting bored with the conversation, screeched, "I'm gonna have the best costume ever. I'm want to be Elsa," and she began to scream the lyrics to Let it Go, while Rye began repeating, "Power Rangers." Katniss smiled at this noise. There was a time when she was younger that she didn't have the energy to say anything , and knowing that they do makes her happy. This must be why Peeta worked so much, to make sure her innocent children could do this. When they quieted down, Rye whispered, "What does daddy want to be." Willow scoffed, "Daddy doesn't come to Halloween Rye, he works." Rye's face fell and Katniss's heart clinched. Now that Willow understood more about Peeta's absence, Katniss couldn't make excuses that would soothe things over; her daughter never believed her any more. She's going to have to tell Peeta how much Willow was starting to understand, and hopefully it will have some affect on him. "Alright, time to go," Katniss stated. They put their plates in the sink, grabbed their bags and headed to the car. Katniss strapped them into their designated seats and drove them the 10 minutes it took to get to school. It's almost amazing that this school was just a Pre-K3 through 12 because it looked like a college campus. Katniss was vehemently opposed to private school, but Peeta begged and argued with her, telling her about the value of education and their future and she caved, as usual. Willow had just started 2nd grade and Rye was inPreK4, and they both loved it. Katniss had to admit that after spending time with the parents and administrators, she did appreciate the family-like feeling of the school. She stepped out of the with them, kissed them both on their heads and sent them on their way, quickly snapping a picture of them as they ran towards their friends. She texted Peeta the picture and typed: Dropped the Kiddos off. He loved getting these because he never had time to drop them off in the morning. Not once. Peeta: So cute. Katniss: Don't forget back to school party this Friday, Willow wants cupcakes and cookies for class. Peeta: Consider them made. Anything I can get for the big boy? Katniss: Anything. He has a sweet tooth just like you. Peeta: And what about you? Anything I can get for my wife? Katniss: I want what you gave me last night. Katniss: I miss you. Peeta: I miss you too. I'll see if I can get home early tonight. He didn't respond after that, and she knew that he would try, but more than likely he would stay at work late. The first thing Katniss did after dropping them off was run for 3 miles. After, she cleaned their home, did the laundry and pulled some meat out of the freezer