BERRIES FOR ALLIES He recognized her immediately. She was the girl who kept to herself, the girl who always left school in a hurry, the toughest girl he knew...the prettiest... His mother pushed him out the door, screaming at him as usual. How could he forget the loaves of bread in the oven!? Didn't he have any sense at all?! What the heck was he doing that made him forget that one simple task?! She slapped him hard but he didn't even blink. He didn't try to explain himself either - he knew it was no use. Burned bread was burned bread. And in times like these... Feed it to the pigs! He was about to. But then he saw her. The toughest girl he knew, the prettiest girl in the district, the girl who always kept to herself. She didn't look very tough at the moment. Her hair was wet from the pouring rain, strands clinging to her face in dark streaks. She was shaking and looked absolutely miserable. Food was always scarse but these last couple of months had been particularly bad and people were literally starving to death. She looked so pale and thin. And hungry... Feed it to the pigs! his mother had told him. But how could he? He glanced over his shoulder - nobody was watching - and then he threw the last loaf of bread to the girl. It hit muddy ground a couple of feet away from her, but she would know it was meant for her. He turned on his heels and went back inside before his mother could come out and look for him. He followed her from school every day but he kept his distance and she was never aware of his presence. He didn't even know why he was following her. Mostly he figured it was because he wanted to keep her safe but sometimes he questioned those noble thoughts because he really liked to watch her - she was nice...real nice to look at - and deep down he knew she could take care of herself and didn't need him to protect her. No matter the reason he followed her home from school every day. Sometimes she walked straight home but most of the times she would carefully make her way toward the outskirts of town. She would then slide under a loose stretch of the fence that surrounded the district and he would watch as she disappeared into the woods. He never followed her to the other side of that fence though. Years passed and she grew up before his eyes and she became a beautiful girl. She was beautiful in a way that was hard to describe, even though he was usually pretty good with words. She was like a flower that had somehow blossomed from a patch of ashes. Vibrant and so full of life even though she lived in a place equal of death and of no hope. Except she wasn't frail like a flower, she was tougher. Maybe she was more like a deer? Strong and beautiful - and watchful like a deer. A deer standing in a clearing at dawn as mist rose from the ground, crisp spring morning air hugging warm, damp earth... Well, maybe not that corny. Obviously words did not come easy or sound right when they were about her. And for the same reason he had not yet found the courage to talk to her. He wasn't shy, he was a sociable person, but he had no idea what he would say to her. No idea at all. Then came the reaping of the 74th Hunger Games... "Peeta Mellark!" A rush of fear coursed through his body. Fear and dread at the same time because what did all this mean? It meant he was practically dead. It meant that if he were to win the Games - highly unlikely but still - it would be because she had died. Died at his hands or somebody else's. Except he would never lay a finger on her. He wanted her happy and safe and if she were ever to be safe again it meant he would have to die because they couldn't both return home. There was only ever one victor. He wasn't a hero in the sense that he would offer his life for hers without any hesitation whatsoever. He was only sixteen, after all, and he didn't want to die. But he was more afraid of her dying and of losing her to a violent and meaningless death. So when his name was pulled from that bowl and called out through the speakers, he knew he would not live - he could not live. He would die that violent and meaningless death instead of her. His life ended as soon as Effie Trinket spoke his name. And she, Katniss , would never even know how he felt about her. The days spent in the Capitol preparing and training for the Games were for him just that - training and preparing. Not to survive long enough to win, but to survive long enough to make sure she would. He needed the skill and the strength and the knowledge to be able to do that, so he trained and prepared just as purposefully as the other kids. And he learned everything he could about the social game and tactics behind winning sponsors and used his charms to win the love and adoration of the crowds of the Capitol. He did his very best, and his work and determination kept him focused and alert and not thinking about his imminent death. Katniss was cool and calculating as well but not to save his life or anybody else's but her own. Because she had to get home to her sister. He understood and respected that. He really did. They had spoken now and the ice had been broken so to speak but Katniss kept him at an arm's distance. There was an invisible wall between them and he wasn't sure why. Why couldn't he ever earn her trust? Didn't she realize he loved her? His interview with Caesar Flickerman was meant to be lighthearted and fun and it almost scared him how effortlessly he fell into the role of the charming, young man. He was, after all, selling himself out to an audience that wanted to see him die a bloody death for entertainment. Most of the interview went like he wanted it to and he could even relax for a moment and joke a little. But Caesar was clever and knew what he wanted from the tributes. The question about a special girl in his life blindsided him and his facade crumbled a bit. "There must be some special girl. Come on, what's her name?" His smile faded a bit. What was he going to reply to that? He was cornered. There was no way to get out of this without losing the audience - he had to tell the truth. He sighed. "Well, there is this one girl. I've had a crush on her ever since I can remember. But I'm pretty sure she didn't know I was alive until the reaping." "She have another fellow?" He had to turn this around, to make his confession count. How could he answer in a way that would favour Katniss and himself? He chose his words carefully, trying to mould the truth into something that the people of the Capitol would find interesting and take to heart, something that would make them connect with him and Katniss. The answer was; young love, star-crossed love . "I don't know, but a lot of boys like her." "So, here's what you do. You win, you go home. She can't turn you down then, eh? He could have lied and agreed and pretended the girl he loved was still back in District 12. But he chose the truth. His response was honest but carefully thought out, his words aiming to break hearts and win sympathy. "I don't think it's going to work out. Winning...won't help in my case." He didn't even have to feign hopelessness. "Why ever not?" "Because...because...she came here with me." He never could win with her. His confession, honest though a bit over-dramatized, did not go over well with her. Seething with rage she attacked him as soon as they ran into each other. Verbally at first, physically the next. Since arriving at the Capitol his top priority had been to protect her and keep her alive. He was so determined to do so that he rarely let himself dwell on her sometimes harsh words and actions. But sometimes they got to him. Her rage and the hard shove hurt him more than the shards of glass that cut his hands when he tried to catch his fall. Haymitch stepped between them. "Stop that! When are you going to get it into your thick skull that he's trying to help you?!" Haymitch berated Katniss. He wasn't surprised that Haymitch took his side in this. They all knew Katniss was the one who actually had a chance of winning but whose social skills were more than lacking. It wasn't a secret that they all used him for her benefit when it came to that area and he was more than happy to help. It wasn't the first time Haymitch had told Katniss 'Peeta is trying to help you!' . But this time it seemed like she finally accepted it to be true. He stared at his hands absent-mindedly. They were bleeding profusely. Katniss noticed too and just as quickly as she had lashed out she was suddenly concerned and regretful. But no apologies were needed, he had already forgiven her. He spent the last night by the window in his room, looking at the festivities outside. It was the last hours of countdown before the Games would begin and the festivities had reached their peak in the streets below. Their night was of joy and expectation, his was of fear and dread of what the future would bring. How would he die? When would he die? Would he be able to help her at all? He didn't sleep that night. His heart was pounding hard as he was elevated from the underground cell to the above ground via the confined space of the glass tube. He felt at a loss what to do once the Games started and he was facing the Cornucopia alongside the others. Two things he knew. One, he had to wait until the countdown of sixty seconds had passed before he could step off the metal plate he was standing on. Two, run like hell for the woods and don't look back. But after that? What could he do to ensure her safety while not being by her side? Well, one thing...stay alive to keep her alive... The rest he would have to come up with along the way. He found Katniss immediately, five tributes away. Her eyes were fixed on the Cornucopia as if she was planning to make a run for the weapons and provisions there once the sixty seconds had passed. It bothered him that she was considering going against Haymitch's advice, but she seemed focused and together and ready to fight which made him relax a little. When it was 16 seconds left of the countdown she finally glanced over at him. He shook his head at her, trying to will her off of her plan to go for the Cornucopia. The countdown continued. 12..11..10..9..8..7..6..5... It seemed like she discarded her plan of going into immediate battle because she was suddenly scowering the ground around her as if looking for anything that could be of value and was in her immediate vicinity, something easy to get her hands on. He hoped she would go for one of the backpacks, or nothing at all, and then quickly head for the safety of the woods. He