Red Eyed Edward Contest Title: Angle of Deviation Penname: Entry #2 Word Count: 4,513 Rating: M Summary: What I heard and witnessed terrified me, yet drew me in so irrevocably, I feared I would never escape. Then again, maybe I didn't want to. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. ~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~ Angle of Deviation Philadelphia, 1948 The afternoon showers have finally ceased, leaving the city damp, and somehow even dirtier than before the rain began. Puddles turn the streets and sidewalks into an elaborate obstacle course designed to frustrate even the most composed gentleman. Humans mistake me for just such a gentleman as I take my evening stroll, carefully avoiding the last traces of sunlight glinting off the grimy windows and those infernal puddles. I make a game of tipping my hat to the ladies, while mentally tabulating their degrees of flavor, some barely discernible over the greasy smells emanating from the nearby diner. The plump matron has a mild fishy odor, while her petite daughter would only whet my appetite with her slightly more appealing tart green apple. A cross breeze brings a new scent to my nose, and I begin to hunt without making a conscious decision to do so. My shoes move silently over the wet pavement despite my careless inattention to what lies between me and the new object of my desire. I am at the mouth of the alley before I see you, before I hear you. Your thoughts draw me closer, reeling me in inch by inch, forcing me to subdue my instincts—the instincts that tell me to run as far away from you as I can get. Unlike anyone I've ever met, you don't think in words, in sentences. You think in pictures—in glorious moving scenes complete with sound and color more vibrant than anything the humans can duplicate in Hollywood. Your mind is a swirling tempest of images, colors, sights, and sounds. But the most intriguing aspect of your thoughts is the emotion behind it all. Fury, hunger, bloodlust—both the kind sated by human blood and the one that craves mayhem, murder, and destruction. You are a whirling dervish, spinning faster and faster, higher and tighter, until I know you are right at the brink of destruction. I creep closer, taking care to remain upwind from you, the most deadly predator I have ever laid eyes on. I silently scale the nearest building to have the best view of a master at work. Your target is clear—I have no trouble reading his thoughts—and I feel an unfamiliar smile stretch the marble planes of my face as I watch you move into position. I hear no footsteps from you—only the soft drips of leftover rainwater and the harsher sounds of your human's heartbeat and breathing. Your silent stride is smooth, sure, the rolling gait of a stealthy jungle cat. You are deadly, you are... beautiful . I pause for a moment to evaluate my thoughts, wondering if it only your honey blond hair that draws my eye, or your long, lean body. While I cannot deny your vague similarity to my estranged sire, you are two very opposing sides of the coin. He is light, life, fresh air. You are the darkest night, violent death, and the provocative scent of blood and fear. You stir feelings in me that he could never begin to touch. My want for him is nebulous, theoretical. You are lust, need —a desire so strong I can almost taste it. As if I spoke aloud, you raise your eyes and seek me out. I freeze, wondering if I should run, but I am helplessly, hopelessly trapped in your midnight gaze. Your face is clearer to me now, and I lean forward as my eyes trace the scars that litter your skin, stirring a deep anger toward those who have hurt you. I want to bite, rip, and tear in retribution for those wounds. How dare they ? The night breeze ruffles your hair, and I stand transfixed as you absently brush away an errant curl. In another world, with your golden waves and beatific face, you could be an angel. You are an angel—an angel of death. When the edges of your mouth tilt up the barest fraction, I feel myself relax a bit. You won't kill me—not at this time, at least. You raise your chin a notch as if in silent acknowledgement of my assessment, and I begin to wonder if you possess a gift somehow similar to my own. A movement to your left draws both our attention, and I turn my head to see that your prey has lured one of his own into his slimy web. My unnecessary breath catches in my chest when you look back my way and toss me a wink over your shoulder as you resume your prowl. The humans don't notice your approach as you slide up silently behind the stocky male and rest your beautifully scarred hand on his shoulder. "Excuse me," you murmur quietly, though the sound of your voice resonates in my skull, seeping into the very marrow of my bones and igniting a burn deep in my belly. Your voice is the most enticing sound I've ever heard. "Get lost," the ignorant human shoots back harshly, vainly attempting to shake off your iron grip. "We're busy here." My toes curl at the sight of your feral grin, white teeth gleaming brightly in the dimly-lit alleyway. I watch your hand tighten slowly until the ill-mannered bastard finally turns to look at you. "I said, get–" He can't get another word out before you crush his voice box with the slightest twist of your fingers, and the artful precision of your quick strike is admirable. You force him to his knees with a patience I did not expect, and pat the top of his balding head gently—like a child. When you turn to the trembling woman, I have an awful moment of doubt when I wonder if you will allow her to escape. Do you have a misguided hero complex—like that silly comic, Superman ? It is such a human ideology. Uncomfortable tendrils of jealousy creep in when you reach for her hand and pull her closer, but you glance back at me with an unreadable expression, and I catch a mental flash of the two of us sharing a meal that piques my interest and soothes both my worries. To my astonishment, the woman faints suddenly, and you leave her slumped there where she dropped. With her out of the way, you step back in front of the sobbing excuse for a human male and lift him up by his shirt collar. His mouth gapes uselessly as he mentally pleads for his life, but you give no other indication that you can hear him, and I wonder once more what your gift might be—if you even have one. Your lazy drawl catches me off guard. "You know they say curiosity killed the cat..." I can't help but finish the thought—my mouth has gotten me in trouble more than once before. My tone can't be interpreted as anything but seductive as I quietly hiss, "Yes, but satisfaction brought it back." You look pleased, but offer me no reply, mental or otherwise. Your thoughts hone in on your prey, images tinted red with anticipation and thirst. I feel my own eyes darken in response, and I lean forward, impatient for the show that I know you will give me. The human freezes in absolute terror when you slowly run the tip of your nose along the rapidly pulsing artery in his neck. Your appreciative moan is almost obscene, and I have to reach down and press my palm against my growing erection in an attempt to shift it to a more comfortable position. I cannot remember a time when I have ever been quite this aroused. For the first time in my undead life, I find it incredibly easy to tune out the deluge of mental voices that constantly surround me. Even the struggling human in your grasp is a mere buzz in the background. Your thoughts have me captivated. As your pale pink tongue peeks out to trace that life-giving vein, your mind dances with tantalizing images of carnage. I see you pillaging an entire town, tearing the insignificant humans limb from limb, literally bathing in their flowing blood until it completely covers you. Your golden hair is stained a deep crimson, and that same stubborn curl hangs down over your left eye, dripping delectable drops of the finest red down your sculpted cheek. Abruptly the scene takes on a different feel. I suppress a growl as I try to tamp down on the jealousy coursing through me. I watch you taking another male vampire—a tall blond, from what I can tell. He cries out in pure ecstasy as you wrest your pleasure from his all-too-willing body, even as he is forcefully thrusting into a faceless female. That part of the image is hazy enough that I cannot even tell if the woman is human or immortal. A sense of excitement fills your mind as you glance around, never slowing your sensual movements. I can see that you are surrounded by more scar-covered vampires—soldiers, perhaps? They rub their nude bodies against you, writhing and moaning in absolute pleasure while your hips rock steadily against that one incredibly lucky male. I do gain my first clue to your identity as they all refer to you as their Major . A sudden change gives the picture a dreamlike quality, and I cannot contain a moan. The man beneath you has morphed from the previous blond to my own face. I can almost feel your hands tangling in my unruly bronze hair, and I cry out in want, returning sharply to the present. You cock your eyebrow as soon as I look your way, and I realize you are nearly finished with your meal. The human dangles limply in your arms, his bones crushed and his throat almost completely ripped out. My eyes drift down the line of your back, drawn to the rhythmic twirling of your still-clothed hips against the cooling body. As soon as his heart stops, you toss him to the side and turn to face me fully. "You comin' down here, boy? We can share dessert." I am moving before I can stop myself, leaping off the building and down into that dank, dark alley that could lead to paradise. The gas street lights are on, though I never heard the lamplighter—lost as I was in the midst of your vivid memories. I can't help but admire the way the warm light reflects off a nearby puddle, illuminating your lustrous golden curls. I approach you slowly, trying my best to appear submissive in the face of your incontrovertible dominance. Your smile seems approving, and you scoop up the unconscious woman before closing the final few steps between us. If I thought you were gorgeous at a distance, you are indescribable up close. Blood still stains your full lips, begging me to lick them clean. I don't realize how close I'm leaning until I feel your breath against my skin, and my eyes shoot back up to yours in fear. Despite your meal, your eyes are dark—nearly black—and I worry that I may have been too presumptuous. Just because you fantasized about me does not mean you want to act on it—to fulfill my own fantasies. Self-doubt fills me as I study the wet, filthy ground beneath your blood-splattered cowboy boots. What was I thinking? You could never want someone like me. I'm not a strong, fierce vampire. I have never once even bitten another immortal, and I can smell freshly spilled venom on you even now! "Boy, whatever the hell you're thinkin', just stop. That look don't suit ya." I am startled when you reach out