Title : Worst nightmare Word Count : 4499 Rating : M Summary : Did you ever feel like something wasn't quite right? That someone was stalking you? What would you do if your worst nightmare came true, someone was watching you and they made you his for eternity. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. 30 th October BPOV It was the little things she noticed first. Ornaments slightly out of place, a mug on the draining board that she thought she had left on the table, a damp towel in the laundry basket that she could have sworn she had thrown on the bathroom floor. Little things. Puzzling things. Unsettling things. But not enough to be worried about. If she had known then what he was, what kind of nightmare her life would become, she would have been more worried. She would have run as fast and as far away as possible. Isabella Swan was twenty-four. She lived alone. She worked as a waitress, a job she hated. She had broken up with her boyfriend a few months ago and, while she had dated since then, she always felt like something was missing, like a part of her craved for something unknown. Someone unknown. Some would say Bella was attractive, she had the girl next door look and a sweet disposition that seemed to draw people in, much to her chagrin. She didn't think she was anything special. But someone did. Bella was home at her apartment, asleep in her bed. The doors locked and bolted, the windows secured. She thought she was safe. She was wrong. The window curtains were pulled closed, as always. Since she had been a child she was a light sleeper, needing total darkness and silence. So her bedroom was like a sensory deprivation chamber. She loved that. But this night was different. The darkness was different. Not comforting or secure, but cold and deep, as if the safety of her chamber had been breached. She didn't know if she was asleep or awake, but she could feel an electrical current that seemed to settle in her chest. She had been feeling this current for weeks now, since the end of September. but this felt different, stronger. She lay on her back, snuggled in her bed, her eyes open wide, her head propped up on the pillow, her eyes stared straight ahead at the shadows in her room. She tried to move but couldn't. Her head full of imagined whispers and screams. A shadow detached itself from the darkness, moved towards her. Her heart raced as she watched the fluid motion of the shadow, she tried to move again, pull away, but her body wouldn't move. The shadow took shape, a human shape, lean, with two red glowing eyes, it moved closer. Bella, with a hammering heart, closed her eyes. Her brain was trying to send a signal to her mouth… open… scream. But nothing happened. She screwed her eyes tight and tried not to breathe. Pretend she wasn't there. Willed herself to awaken. Nothing happened. The dream shadow was right beside her, its red eyes by the side of her head. She could feel its dream breath on her dream cheek. Then, the shadow spoke. Low, velvety. It crooned painful words she didn't understand. She tried to understand, form those words into sentences. There was something that felt familiar about the sound of the shadow's voice, but the words drifted away into the recesses of her dream, lost and irretrievable. Cold, hard hands touched her, fingers traced over the features of her face, slowly, lovingly. The shadow started talking again. Words of love, destiny, something about… forever. Then, it vanished, silence filled the room. Bella opened her eyes, the shadow had gone. She was alone in the darkness once more. She closed her eyes and willed herself to drift into a peaceful sleep . A safer one, that would bring pleasant dreams. A harsh, shrill noise crashed in Bella's ears. She jumped, opened her eyes. Blinked. Looked around. Sighed. Her deprivation chamber bedroom. She closed her eyes again, but the blaring of her alarm told her in its own unlovable way, that it was time to get up wouldn't let her go back to sleep. She opened her eyes again and sighed, normally she liked to lie in after the alarm woke her, cherish the last few foggy tendrils of sleep that had wrapped themselves around her. Leave it as late as possible before throwing the duvet back and reluctantly trudging off to the shower. But not this morning. Not with the nightmare she'd had. She didn't want to stay in bed longer than she had to. She stumbled towards her window, placing one hand on the sill to steady herself, pulled back the curtains, ready to see what kind of day it was. She didn't get as far as looking out of the window, there was something stuck to the pane of glass. She frowned, not quite understanding what it was doing there. She slowly pulled the object off, scrutinized it more closely. And felt her heart lurch. It was a flower, dried and pressed into a piece of paper, she turned the paper over. Gasped as fear shuddered through her. There were words on the back. Neatly printed block capitals. She read them. SOON, MY LOVE The nightmares ran back through her head. The shadow. The voice. The hands on her face. The red eyes. It was no nightmare. It had been real. She fainted. 24 th September EPOV From experience, he knew that the key to waiting, lay in pacing himself. He had never been a particularly patient man, but he had learned - it was part of the game, like everything else. At first, he'd struggled with boredom, frustration and all the other unwanted feelings that crept in after a millennia of hunting the same easy prey, but this was a new game, he had plans. It was simple really, the first person to make eye contact with him would be dinner, he would stalk them, slowly terrify them before pouncing. After- all a meal always tasted better with a side of fear. He sat in the middle of the coffee shop waiting for it, he knew it would happen, it always did. There was always one person brave enough no matter what their instincts told them. He didn't react when she came in. Her mousy hair was tied back and she was wearing a dark green coat and black boots. She looked a little hurried but it was almost nine and there were only two other people in the queue at the counter and she soon was ordering her coffee. He knew she was going to be the one, the brave little soul that was going to meet his eye, he stared hard at her, waiting, silently rejoicing. And then, it happened. Only it wasn't what he expected. As soon as he met her coffee colored eyes his world tilted on its axis, his dead heart that had been silent for over a thousand years thumped painfully in his chest. "Sodalis vitae," he whispered, their eyes still holding each other, she gave him a small smile and walked out. He calmly followed her out onto the street. She walked with a quick, determined stride as she made her way up the hill, but it wasn't difficult to stay with her, hiding along the way. He allowed her to lead him, but let the distance between them to open up again, he knew she would feel him if he got to close. She was his mate and the connection worked both ways. She was some twenty yards ahead of him when she turned off into an apartment building. There she halted to fumble with her handbag, he watched as the door opened and she let herself inside. 31 st October The weeks that followed were interesting, he had found himself unable to be more than a few yards away from her without it causing him pain. He had never experienced pain before, always being the predator, the strongest, even among his own kind. But this little human had managed to turn his life upside down. It was making him crazy and he had been doing stupid things because of it. Being unable to stay away he had been following her closely, he had found that like him, she was a person who preferred to be alone. She had one friend and even that relationship was not the closest. She had no living relatives or they were estranged. She visited the same bookstore once a week, spending hours sat in the dusty chair reading silently to herself. He could feel the pull getting stronger, telling him to claim his mate, make her his forever. He was finding his mental health slowly deteriorating, he found himself visiting her at night when she was sleeping. He knew she had noticed when he'd been there, he was unable to resist moving things, and last night the sadistic part of his mind had wanted her to see him and she did. He didn't want to scare her, and he knew she would accept him when she was turned. The note this morning was stupid, but he had to let her know that he would be returning for her. Tonight she would be his. A sound jarred him out of his thoughts, its noise, harsh and foreign in the basements gloomy solitude. He became alert, both mind and senses. The noise echoed again, closer. This time he recognized it as... Laughter? Yes; laughter. It grated across his nerves like the ever-present rats scuttling in the dark. The thought of rats had him glancing sideways to the mound of corpses that littered the cellar floor. He grimaced, though more from unsatisfied hunger than disgust. They'd served their purpose, while he had no particular fondness for human street vermin, they had served to curb his hunger while he was unable to leave. "Sodalis vitae," he whispered, they were destined for each other. Fate, he snorted, he had always believed it to be a fairytale that some vampires had soul mates. He didn't have a soul, so it was impossible, but he had definitely heard and felt his heart beat for that short moment when their eyes met. Since then, he had spent every waking moment as her shadow, every night held up in the basement of her three story apartment building. His head snapped up when he not only sensed, but heard her enter her bedroom. She and her friend had spent the last couple of hours drinking wine and talking. He had learned a great deal during those conversations and it made him more impatient, but tonight would be the night, she would be his, forever. 31 st October BPOV Today had been hellish, the diner had been busy from the start of her shift, till the very end. Halloween was a busy day for her and she had made a lot in tips, but her feet were feeling it now. Angela had come home with her to have a drink and a catch-up before she moved back to Washington. When she had left, Bella had closed the door, putting the deadbolts in place, the chain across the frame, and then flattened herself against it. She sighed like she had been holding her breath from being underwater. She looked down the hall of her apartment. At first glance, everything looked the same as it always did, she relaxed. This should have been the place she felt safe, could take refuge in. Not any more. There was nowhere she felt safe now. Not even her own body. Not after last night. She remembered her body's refusal to cooperate when she tried to move. She remembered the strange feeling in her chest, like everything was right, like this man,