Title: The Psychiatrist Word Count: 13,221 Rating: M Summary: . "How can I not destroy you?" astonishment slithered into his voice. "I love you so." His confession made her heart churn. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "In the past decade, Pandora Psychiatry Association has taken part in several experiments trying to evaluate the nature of the vampire community. Due to the small pool of selection in our hands, we have not been able to come to any conclusion about sociopathic behaviour in the species. Despite this setback, our team of psychiatrists have observed a difference in the psyche of the subjects. Subjectively speaking, the mind of a vampire is comparable to that of a human. Their enhanced senses are a product of awakening dormant brain cells after their change takes place. This enhancement of external senses and mental faculties do not hinder them from forming a conscience, and it is quite possible that any behavioural change in a specimen can be a product of mental illness: be it borne from their human lives or a product of their violent change. Therefore, it is not ideal to pronounce all vampires as a hazard to human society. Since we are incapable of giving the masses a concrete answer, we would like to assure the you all that we are taking action and trying to contain the vampire population so that you can live in peace. As a member of the board of Pandora Psychiatry Association, I will, in behalf of my colleagues reassure you of your safety. We will not stop until we can present an indisputable answer to the public." He concluded his speech and then stepped down from the podium. "Mr. Black will not be taking any questions," his secretary said. She followed him out, handing him his cell phone and filling him in on his meetings. Mr. Black looked around the room, trying to spot the woman who had helped him achieve the goals he had set for himself, and made him aspire for more. He gave her a slight nod when he spotted her. She was leaning against the wall at the end of the room. The cameras and journalists were still focused on the chairman of PPA, and paid no mind to the mysterious doctor who had built the project with her own hands. She had a smile on her lips as she pushed off the wall. She brushed her hands on her skirt, trying to smoothen out invisible wrinkles, a habit she had acquired over years of questioning serial killers. Make them feel superior and comfortable, was her motto. Any signs of fidgeting on her part, helped her strengthen her position in front of the murderers. She turned around and pushed the door open. A rush of warm air struck her; she ignored it and the accompanying high pitched sound of the door closing behind her. She oozed power as she ploughed forward. People moved around her, giving her enough space to move freely. None of them met her eyes in fear. Oddly, whoever dared to look into her eyes was always stared back at. A few seconds of her gaze could make one want to bend down on their knees and confess all their sins to her. She was a dangerous creature, Dr. Isabella Swan. They say she reads minds and compels people to confess to things they never did. One should not be fooled by the beauty of her face; she was a force to be reckoned with. Truly, no other woman could torment a mind as her. The guards simply nodded, their head downcast as she strode past them without a glance back. She had walked ten miles to reach the facility. Her heels scrunched against the gravel, her muscles strained as she pushed forward. In her mind, she felt no pain, but she did not deny the poor state of her body. For years she had tried to enhance her body into that of a vampire; build resilience that would make the horrid species trembled on their feet. They knew nothing of her body, they only knew that they could not escape her. As she entered the stale hallway, she heard the angry shouts and the screeches. Sometimes, the specimen did not want to cooperate. She knew how to handle them. "Dr. Swan," she heard someone say. She waited for the person to catch up to her. There was no time for tardiness when the experiments were plotting a thousand ways to escape that very second. The breathless intern found himself running alongside her, trying to keep up with her pace. "Dr. Swan," he gasped again. This time, she gave him a slight dip of her chin to acknowledge him. "Specimen 49874 tried to escape again," he began. Dr. Swan stopped mid stride and then gave him a hard look. "Is this not her fourth try this month?" she cocked her brow, feeling particularly irritated with the intern. "49874 is known for her unstable nature." Her voice was calculative. "When did she last go through the cycle? Who is her current attendant?" The intern looked down at his hands, almost apologetic. "I was not privy to that information, ma'a-" she did not let him finish. She raised one finger, stopping him from rambling. "Seek me out within the next hour to give me the information," she commanded. She didn't wait for any indication of understanding. "Also, be quick about it," she said simply, walking away. "I'm sure that 49874 will spare you next time." The intern stood, shell shocked at the image that had been painted in his mind. Grey matter sprayed on whitewashed walls, blood trickling down the vampire's chin as she purred happily and licked her hands clean. He had seen it happen before; had it not been only a week since the intern who had started with him had fallen prey to the wiles of 49874? His body came to motion, again. He frantically ran, to where he did not know, but he did. He knew that by the end of the hour, he had to produce the information Dr. Swan had demanded. A miasma of stale fear and poison hung in the air. Dr. Swan stepped inside the confinement cell. It was decorated with handmade goods. A lamp made from woven paper was placed in a corner. Strange pieces of cloth were sewn together to form an unconventional bed sheet. Every surface of the room was covered in a variety of paintings, some abstract, others poignantly lifelike. One, in particular, seemed to look like her face. It was as if the painter had clicked a picture of her person and matted the colours together to revisit her countenance at leisure. She stared, absently at the color in her cheeks, and then looked away. "Do you like the illustration?" the woman chimed, her hands still filthy from painting. Her fingers were dotted with colours, her hair stuck at places. "Miss Hale, you are quite talented with your hands," the good doctor commented, pleased that she could contribute to the artistic genius of her patient. "I am afraid that we will have you move you from this room," she said with a slight smile. The other protested, futilely. "You must understand that we recognize your purpose. You were born to be an artist and you are not a threat to our society, so, from henceforth, you shall be silently observed." Her words were final. "You speak of me as though you are freeing me. I understand that you find me harmless, but I am quite in love with this room. Don't make me leave it, Dr. Swan," she pleaded. Dr. Swan felt her composure thaw. Rosalie Hale was the image of perfection. There was no hunger in her. She craved all things that were related to art. She spoke freely and humoured the good doctor whenever she was in a good mood—which was often. "Do you mean to say that I will not be able to see you as well?" she clucked her tongue, and then sighed as if she were grieving from a great loss. "I will miss your soured expression in the morning. I do love the smell of bread and nutella," she commented, lost in thought. "What does it taste like?" she wondered idly. "That is a conversation we shall have on a later date, Miss Hale." Dr. Swan gave the room one last glance before moving out. As she travelled down the hallway, she heard Rosalie Hale singing songs of hope and redemption. "Specimen 49874 is under Dr. Martin, ma'am," the intern informed her hurriedly. "She went through the cycle three weeks ago. She was kept in isolation so that she would not come across any of the male patients in the facility." "Who gave the orders?" she asked, her brows drawing together in concentration. "It was under Dr. Martin's supervision that she was prescribed to isolated therapy, ma'am." "And what was the purpose of this practice?" she ground out, angry that her irresponsible colleague had led her to lose a valuable member of the staff. "He wanted to inculcate the virtue of patience and abstinence in her. His notes indicate that it was an experiment that he was interested in and was sure to bring out the true self of the patient." The intern himself looked displeased. He knew that there was something wrong with the diagnosis and the assumption that torturing a female vampire in heat would lead to accessing more information on the working's of her mind. "Could you please inform Dr. Martin that I would like to schedule a meeting with him as soon as possible? Also, please make sure that 49874 is in her cell two hours from now. I would like to speak to her personally." The intern gave a slight nod and then left the office without uttering another word. 49874 hated her confinement cell. As was expected from her, she pushed against the walls, making them rattle. The walls were weakening with each try, she knew, and within a few more days they would give away to her strength, finally freeing her. She growled playfully as she began scratching the surface of the wall. Her claws needed sharpening. She could imagine sinking them into her male when she finally got him under her. She tried to conjure the image of him in her mind: ruthlessly polite, a wicked mind and hair that she could tear from his scalp. She knew just the man. The metal door behind her groaned as it opened. She didn't smell the air or listen to the disruptive sound of footsteps that invaded her private space. She cared little about the perverted old man that tried to force her into reacting. He had tried to seduce her when she was in the heat cycle and she had wanted to rip his head from his torso and hang it on the wall as a souvenir. "I have been informed that you refused to take your supplements this morning, miss." Her head snapped towards the direction of the voice. "We finally meet, Isabella," she whispered, delighted. "I hear stories about your prowess." Her voice was filled with awe. She had often heard the psychiatrists and nurses talk about the formidable woman. She had heard stories that had made her gasp in appreciation. "I hear whispers in the hallway, you know," she said, slowly moving towards the woman, trying to get a closer look at her. "They say you broke Colin in. He must have been a difficult one. Did his silence raise your ire? Everyone knows that he cannot speak. How did you do it then? I hear rumors," she said again, awe filling her voice. Isabella smiled, pleased to find a subject so open and passionate. She could understand why her colleague would think that the exuberant vampire was unstable. "A magician never reveals