Red Eyed Edward Contest Title: Duplicity Penname : Entry #3 Word Count: 8,298 Rating : M Summary: As one of Carlisle Cullen's children, Edward's future should have been one of a gentle existence. Instead, his rebellion led to a destiny of power, blood, lust, and domination. When the two worlds collide, what will be the cost of victory? Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. ~Duplicity~ Candlelight reflected off the walls of the underground room, flickering eerily in shadow-like images at the corners. The chamber was as large as the nave of Old Saint Patrick's church and decorated as elaborately, as well. Ornate wrought iron chandeliers hung from the ceiling, helping to spread light across the decadence of the furnishing and creatures who reclined throughout the room. An intricate pipe organ was featured in one corner, while tables held various games of skill, some frozen in play until the opponents returned. A keen eye could discern through the shadows to see couples paired off for trysts in alcoves partially covered by rich tapestries. Other vampires cared less - twisting and writhing in pairs, triplicates, and orgies throughout for anyone's viewing pleasure. The smell of blood was heavy in the room, making the leader of the group entering the coven's lair look carefully for humans, alive or dead. The seven vampires had traveled across country for an audience with the man sitting on the throne located under a large, elaborate stained glass wall. Positioned on a raised dais, the man presided over the lowly creatures, remaining above them, as if their mere touch would taint him. The colors of the glass sent prisms over his god-like features. Eyes closed and one leg thrown across the arm of the chair, he reclined indolently against the plush red velvet, holding his hand to the back of the head of the blonde pleasuring him. His fingers lazily stirred her long hair. It was the only sign he enjoyed her efforts, as instead of his features being twisted in pleasure, the man appeared cold . . . frozen. The leader of the arriving group held his hand out to his side, indicating his companions should remain behind as he approached. "Son," Carlisle Cullen said softly, intentionally. A human couldn't have detected the slight twitch of the vampire's jaw, but Carlisle did and barely held back the smile of victory. He'd drawn first blood. "Carlisle," Edward Cullen drawled languidly, pulling the woman's greedy lips away and lazily securing his pants to stand. The woman moaned in displeasure at being interrupted, but Edward stepped around her, brushing off her grasping hands. "Leave," he harshly ordered the two dozen or more vampires sprawled around his domain, baring his teeth at the woman who remained on her knees, begging to stay. "Now!" he roared, shaking the glass. The woman squeaked, crawling away on all fours like a kicked dog. Copper hair in disarray, white skin, and features carved by a master the likes of Michelangelo, Edward was as beautiful as any angel. Yet fury etched his face as his ruby red eyes slowly slid across the countenance of each individual who had accompanied Carlisle. "What is this?" Carlisle coolly raised a blond eyebrow. "This?" "I can't read your thoughts." He quickly snapped his fingers and two diminutive vampires floated into the room, standing guard over the far door from which they'd entered. Carlisle had hoped for this reaction, but still seeing his son, the boy he'd turned for companionship and then lost, react defensively still cut deeply. There had been a time he'd wanted nothing more than to bring Edward back into his family's fold, but the boy's continued rebellion had obliterated Carlisle's hope. Edward had no desire to return home to the Carlisle and Esme and had carved his own destiny. A destiny of power, blood, lust, and domination. The presence of Jane and Alec were examples of this. The witch twins had previously been little more than property to Aro, the oldest vampire alive, but they'd been forfeited when Edward strategically captured Aro's wife and the wife of his brother, Cauis. A trade for the twins had ensured Edward's reign as the most powerful vampire in North America. Between his ability to read a creature's every thought and Jane's and Alec's abilities to disable any threat, Edward had ruled over vampires in America for over a half century. Jane and Alec, saved from the tyranny of an unstable, degenerate, and crumbling monarch and given respect and protection, adored Edward. Carlisle simply loved the man before him, as he did all his children. That Edward had given safety to the witch twins had been Carlisle's first hope for Edward's redemption. The tales that reached Carlisle of Edward's decree regarding feeding provided the second underpinning to the Cullen patriarch's optimism - as much as any mention of sacrificed human lives could. Chicago's streets were full of unsavory characters, but it would've been overrun except for the directed feedings of Edward's coven. Belonging to the monarch's court came with an edict; human blood was to be culled from the lowlifes and scourge of the streets. With his speed and mind reading ability, Edward had destroyed anyone who disregarded his direction or attempted a coup. The addition of the twins had only served to cement his power. Aro had been swiftly replaced as the most feared leader in the vampire realm. Carlisle's son had ripped the misogynistic and archaic vampire's world out from under him and built an empire. An empire of talented and deadly vampires loyal to the man glaring at Carlisle. The shield had worked. And more important than just working, it'd raised Edward's ire, as Carlisle had hoped. "Be at peace, Son. We mean no harm. As you should fully know." Clad in unrelenting black, Edward approached the edge of the dais, looking toward the other five members of Carlisle's coven. "Esme, you grow more beautiful every time I see you." Edward's smile was beatific, engaging . . . winsome. Esme nodded gently, but the golden sheen of her eyes suggested she would rather hug the man than keep the distance that prevailed. Edward's red eyes continued to assess, falling finally on Jasper's scared countenance. "Is this a new trick of yours, Jasper?" The southern vampire's lips twitched. "Sadly, no." "Have you come to join me and leave behind our father's pacifist ways?" Edward's lips rose in a smirk. Carlisle's long dead heart lurched at hearing Edward call him father, and the jovial tone behind his rhetorical question allowed the blond haired vampire to relax the slightest. Edward coveted Alice for her prophetic visions, Jasper for his military cunning and mood control, Rose for her fortitude, and Emmett for his strength, but Jane had let something slip during a friendly visit a decade prior – Edward valued them more as Carlisle's defense. Edward's benevolence was the third, and perhaps strongest, of the foundations of Carlisle's continuing hope. "My newborn daughter awaits us outside the catacomb. Her fear for our safety has manifested in a protective shield." One of Edward's eyebrows rose in a slant. "Newborn daughter?" "Yes." Carlisle intentionally went no further in the explanation of how or why he'd created another vampire. "She is why we are here. I seek permission to establish a new home in Chicago. Isabella . . . Bella has been accepted to Northwestern." Sliding his hands into the pockets of his black pants, Edward chuckled. His joy wiped away the sardonic slant. "No newborn can manage that level of control." "Bella can. She surpasses even me." "Bring her forward, so I might meet her." Edward's features had softened, but it shouldn't be construed as a sign of weakness. For in fact, that stance made him more alluring, made women and men fall at his feet, made vampires offer anything to belong to him . . . like the woman who had thought to win his affections with sex. Carlisle hovered on the brink of elation and panic. The next few minutes would determine their path. "Not now, Edward. Wait until we are settled. Grant your permission and there will be plenty of time." "Of course, Father." Edward's use of the term was intentional, reminding Carlisle of their ties. "I shall expect an invitation as expeditiously as possible." With a brief nod, it took all Carlisle had to hide his smile until he'd turned away from the man he loved. He felt Edward's eyes burning across his back and the man's contemplation was almost tangible. Carlisle's mood was spoiled, though, when the female vampire all but lunged back into the room upon his family's departure through the door. ~Duplicity~ Edward Cullen extricated himself from the clinging hands and sprawled limbs crawling from his bed and leaving behind his companions. He couldn't find the relief he needed although he'd fucked the female vampires senseless over the course of the past two days. It had started with Alec returning from his mission with a single scarf. Determined his sire and early mentor would be safe until his coven was secured in a new location, Edward had sent his trusted guard to follow them. Several days later, Alec had entered the chamber, his mind full of a dark-haired beauty, his hands holding an offering. Venom had dripped from Edward's mouth upon the faintest whiff of the aphrodisiac coming off the material, but when he'd placed it to his nose, taking the deepest of breaths, need so harsh he couldn't even name it had seized him. Immediately hard and dripping, he'd fucked one of the women, who'd been begging for his favors, in front of the entire coven. Pulling mouthful after mouthful of her blood from her neck as he took her, he'd left her sated and weak before the throne and immediately pointed to two more. They'd been disposed of in the same manner, and the three he'd just left weren't in much better shape. Fueled by the overabundance of blood flowing through his veins and the still unrelenting and unfulfilled lust, he punched one of the stone walls of his bedroom in irrational want. It was Carlisle's daughter, Isabella, who enflamed his lust. The women's mouths, their hands, their bodies . . . nothing had relieved it. Quivering, he pulled the scarf from its place of honor on his desk and held the fabric to his nose. Fire flew down his spine and into his cock and balls. Fuck! He was so hard it hurt. Moving back to the bed, he wrapped his hand around his cock, breathing deeply of the material as he fisted his marble hard erection. One of the women rose to her knees before him, pulling her brunette hair away from her already ravaged neck. Closing his eyes and visualizing Isabella, Edward jerked harshly while he sucked down lungs full of her rich, erotic smell. When the woman crossed the line, placing her lips to his throat, a place no one other than Carlisle had every touched, Edward lunged, ripping out her throat as his cum landed on the other two in great spurts. Blood filled his mouth and his body eased for the barest of moments before Isabella's scent sent fire licking back around him. A roar echoed through the chambers as Edward Cullen tore out of the room, intent on acquiring what he needed. ~Duplicity~ Northwestern University was a thriving mecca of academia. As such, it offered learning opportunities for an eclectic body of students. One such student was Isabella Cullen. On the surface, she appeared a normal, if not extraordinarily gorgeous, student. She wasn't threatening, but there was a presence about her that kept most of the students away. What was hidden beneath the depths of her golden eyes was something most individuals didn't want to explore. Most gave up the seat beside her in class, and few spoke to her, but a lot stared. Most were men,