Red Eyed Edward Contest Title: Diary of a Madman Word Count: 9595 Rating : M Summary: A young vampire is on a search for his worth, his place in a world that changed without warning. He discovers there is a fine line between right and wrong. Passion and insanity. A brief look into the key events during Edward's rebel phase. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. September 13, 1927 Every man who has existed on this planet has searched for the answer to the same question: for what purpose have I been created? Every man chooses to believe his purpose is great. He may even see greatness where it does not exist. Yet he lives each day searching for the deed that will win the favor of those around him as well as favor from his God. I, too, have pondered this question, though I am not a man. Not anymore. Still I search for a purpose; a reason for my mutated existence. Not for approval or acclaim from others, and certainly not for salvation from God who abandoned me in my time of need. I only seek solace from the relentless drive for answers. It has become a craving that is just as much physical as it is mental. What is my worth? Edward placed the pencil nub on the dirty floor. He closed his journal, placing it on floor as well. There was no furniture in the abandoned apartment which sat above a boarded-up storefront. There were remains of prior occupation scattered about the two-room dwelling: shards of a mirror, torn photographs, tattered pieces of cloth, a headless, naked doll. It didn't matter the place was in shambles; this wasn't his home . He had no home. This was simply where he kept the one thing he couldn't seem to exist without – his journal. Though he didn't really understand why. As best he could tell, it was the one habit he brought with him intact from his human life. He could remember his father journaling every evening. Though the defining lines and contours of his father's face were as lost as Edward's humanity, he could almost pull at the frayed edges of a vision of a tall, thin man sitting in his leather chair, cup of chamomile tea at his side, as he wrote down his thoughts at the closing of the day. As a child, Edward understood he was only to observe his father when he journaled – not disturb him – or he would be disciplined, usually no dessert after dinner or he would lose his radio time and miss his favorite show. It made no sense to Edward why writing about anything could be so important. Yet, being an inquisitive child, Edward started his own journal once he could write in complete sentences. He hid the book of pages under his mattress. One day, a leather-bound journal appeared on his bed. A new one appeared every few months. Obviously, his mother had found his first journal, and this was her way to encourage his behavior. He, in turn, found more clever places to hide his book of thoughts as he entered his teenage years and his views became more introspective as well as controversial. Edward hung his head. How his mother would cry if she saw the words he had been writing lately; if she could see what he had become. Carlisle still insisted it was at her request he changed Edward. Carlisle liked to use innocuous words such as "changed" for unpleasant discussions. Edward wasn't changed , like a caterpillar that became a butterfly. He was raped of his life, his soul, and his humanity. Carlisle saw the world was a forgiving place where self-sacrifice led the way to a better life on Earth and rewards in the afterlife. Yet, Edward could feel inside his body, a body that surged with untapped strength, there had to be a reason for his incredible strength, unique mind-reading ability, and endless days. That purpose certainly could not be living a pseudo-human existence in the hope of serving a penance to God for being a vampire. Wasn't it God who created vampires as much as He created humanity? So why repent? Edward's life had become a conundrum. Only it wasn't a life, per se. It had become an existence — one that was cursed with eternity. And what was the reason of existing forever without a purpose? There must be purpose! Edward rose from the dusty, threadbare floor and paced. He felt like a tiger in a cage; a fierce animal being hollowed out by maggots until all that would remain was a hard shell of a being. He had escaped from Carlisle's unending façade of a human life only to find himself no closer to an answer. The burning in his chest now rivaled the incessant burn in his throat. Edward gazed through the faded drapes at the street below. The notorious north side of Chicago was a haven for criminals – and they came in all shapes, sizes, backgrounds, and wore many hats. Some even wore the caps of the men in blue. He continued to deny he had found himself in Chicago seeking guidance from a father who would somehow speak to him from beyond the grave to guide him in his quest. With no idea how to proceed, Edward had found himself spending his days inside train stations listening to the thoughts of the commuters, searching their minds until he found it only fed his frustration. Humans didn ' t have any answers . Their insignificant, abbreviated lives were spent worrying about frivolous things – money, careers, status, alcohol, sex. Until one night while stalking the streets of the city he would have called home, he passed a man whose eyes appeared as black as his own. As if his feet had a mind of their own, Edward changed directions and followed the man. The stranger slid into a speakeasy and took a seat in the back of the cramped, smoky establishment. As soon as he was seated another man glided next to him. And in the noise and raucous of jazz music and drunken laughter, the two men plotted a murder. Edward followed the two men at a distance when they exited. He listened as they reviewed their plan in their individual minds before they drifted into gluttony, mapping out the items they would purchase with the money from "the hit." It was the cool calculation with which they thought about killing that intrigued Edward. But as he stood in the shadows and watched the two strangers stab a man as he locked up his business for the night, Edward viewed the scene with dispassionate, starved-black eyes as life ebbed away from the man like the blood that pooled around his quaking body. "Help me," the man croaked feebly. Edward approached. What did it look like for a human to die? The drive to kill so great in the vampire, yet Carlisle said it was the one sin he could never commit. His curiosity drew him closer and closer to the dying man. He had forgotten he had gone too long without satiety. Edward's fascination quickly warped as the smell of fresh human blood filled his nose and his ravenous body reacted, overruling his mind. Unsteadily, Edward dragged his fingers through the chilling blood painting the concrete in crimson. Carlisle's voice echoed in his mind, over and over, telling of the danger - the atrocity- of consuming human blood. I t was the road to personal ruin . Then why did he want it so badly? "Take it, man! What are you waiting for?" Edward leapt in front of the victim, landing in a crouch; a growl seeped from his snarled lips. Why had he not heard the man's approach? The onlooker threw his hands up in mock surrender. "I have no plans to steal what you have claimed, mister." The intruder stared back at Edward and cocked his head in curiosity. His movements were strange, unnatural – for a human. Edward straightened to his full six-foot height. He was at least three inches shorter than the other vampire, and from the looks of him, Edward was several years younger at his change. Edward had not met another vampire until now. Though he wasn't afraid of the man, something about him was alluring as well as repelling… When Edward didn't respond, the intruder inched closer. He glanced at the bloody man, and swallowed hard before staring at Edward's face. Again, he cocked his head. "Why are you starving yourself? Drink! Waste not…" "I … I can't." Edward barely recognized his own voice. It seemed so distant, as if it wasn't his own. And maybe it wasn't. Maybe it was Carlisle's. "Bloody hell, man. Why can ' t you?" "I am not a monster. I will not take a human life." The vampire raised a mocking eyebrow. "I'd say that has technically been done by monsters in the shape of men. We are just the clean up crew, I'd say." Edward glanced down at the victim, whose heart was now pumping erratically as the chambers lacked enough volume to meet even their own needs. Death was imminent. Was it so wrong to taste the forbidden fruit when he would not be the cause of the man's demise…? "Do it. Does the lion contemplate the rightness of taking down the weaklings in the herd? Does it question its own nature? No. Because God made him what he is. So clear your conscience, young man. This world needs the predator; he serves a purpose ." When Edward remained still as a statue staring at the final seconds of the man's existence, venom oozing from the corners of his mouth, the other vampire closed in. "No!" Edward's command stopped the intruder in his tracks. "Change of heart?" "Change of purpose ," Edward responded. Shutting out the voice of any creator, vampire or divine, Edward finally let instinct rule. He shook free the last vestiges of a humanity forgotten and released what had been slowly gnawing away at his insides for years. The predator went for the carotid and the jugular. Waste not… And as the fluid which sustains life flowed into his mouth, Edward found answers. Every neuron in his brain fired and flooded his senses with satisfaction he couldn't have ever imagined possible. His body hummed with a harmony and sense of well-being unrivaled. It became clear in that second: he had only existed , dragging his eternity out one laborious day after another, fighting his nature. And for what? Men were killing other men by the dozens in a city held in the greedy grip of the mafia. They killed over alcohol and money. Mostly, they craved power. They were predators themselves, preying on the weak or the witless. Too soon, the blood refused to comply with Edward's desire as the heart gave up the fruitless effort to maintain life. Edward's mouth pulled at the arteries and veins like he was sucking on a clogged straw. His anger erupted at being denied more of the succulent fluid that refused to be drained from the corpse. With a wail of desperation, the crisp snap of bone, and the wet ripping of flesh, Edward tore the man's head from his shoulders. More blood seeped from the stump of the corpse's neck, sending an elicit thrill through every fiber of Edward's energized state of being. Nothing existed outside of his mind and body. It was simultaneously the clatter of chaos and soothing comfort peace. Edward's first foray into nirvana was cut short by the other vampire. "Not very subtle," he tsked. "The knife wound was your opportunity to let the investigators blame it on the mafia. This," he pointed to the severed head in the sewage-polluted gutter, "will take a little more effort to conceal." The