You know you could never get Jennifer Lawrence. Never in a million years. She's the most gorgeous person on the planet, with her clear, crystal blue eyes. Her beautiful blonde locks that still manage to look amazing regardless of the fact it's been dyed so much for countless roles. That adorable, goofy grin that emerges when she finds something hilarious, not that you'd ever point out how cute you think it is. She's a famous, Oscar winning actress. You're a nobody compared to her. Sure, you act too. You've been in a few things, just nothing big. You're nowhere near as famous as her. The worst thing, however, is the fact she's 6 and a half years your elder. You're 16. She's 23. It'd never work. She's also got a boyfriend. They broke up at one point, and you were overjoyed. Although, you knew it wouldn't last. You were right. They'd been together for two years. She loves him, not you. You despise him for that. Jen doesn't seem to care about the age difference. She still considers you one of her closest friends. Tuesday 19th of November, 2013. You get a phone call. It's her. She asks you to come over, and you accept immediately, even though you're in the middle of your school work. Quickly, you lace up a pair of sneakers and run up to Madeline's room only to drag her downstairs. In no time at all, you've got her car keys in your fist and are already half way out the door. "Isabelle, what do you want?" Madeline sighs, chuckling a little. "Jen wants me to go to her house and I have no way of getting there I need your help, Maddie please!" You ramble, drawing out the 'e' in please. She smirks a little, before unlocking her car and almost shoving you into the passenger seat. "God, you moron. Of course I'll drive you. I know how much you like her." "Thanks, Madeline." Your smile is impossible to stifle, and you probably look like a fool. Not that you care. Madeline had realized your infatuation with Jen before you, and to this day, you honestly don't know how. When she drops you off, you can't help but wonder why Jennifer wanted to see you. You frown to yourself as you walk up to her building, pausing at the door to press the button to her apartment. Leaning into the speaker you mumble, "Jen, it's me," "Hey Is. I'll let you up." Her smile is practically audible even through the speaker's crackle. The door unlocks, and you step inside the building. You quickly jog over to the elevator. As you press the button for her floor, your nerves overpower you— they always do when you're going to see Jen. You arrive on her floor, shakily walking towards her apartment and knock on the door. When she opens it, flashing those bright white teeth at you, you can't help but let a smile of your own creep onto your face. "Hey, Is!" she exclaims and engulfs you in an enthusiastic hug. You return the tight embrace, grinning like an idiot into her shoulder. The sound of your voice is muffled by Jen's shirt as you reply. "Hey, Jen." She releases you and immediately your body misses the welcoming warmth of hers. "Why did you want to see me?" You ask, frowning slightly. "I just wanted to see you." She flashes an amused look. "You're cute when you frown." Your frown turns into a smile that's accompanied by a slight blush, which just grows darker as Jennifer grabs your hand and pulls you into her apartment. She almost drags you to the couch and sits you down. She smiles at you, that god-damn smile that makes you all warm on the inside, and leans forward to pick up her TV remote. She switches on the giant-screened monster that probably cost more than her apartment's rent. "What do you want to watch?" She asks. "And don't say 'Project Runway'. I refuse to sit through another episode." "It's a good show!" You exclaim, rolling your eyes at the gorgeous girl in front of you. "It's utter garbage, Isabelle Fuhrman, and you know it." She states, as 'Keeping up with the Kardashians' comes on the TV. "Coming from someone who watches this?" You smirk, watching as Jen gets almost sucked into the show, her eyebrows raising slightly whenever something questionable happens. "Hey, Is?" Jen asks. "Yeah?" You reply. "Go get me a soda." She commands, her ocean blue eyes still glued to the TV. You chuckle a little, standing up and walking towards Jen's kitchen, opening the door. You quickly walk over to her fridge, opening it, before realising that there isn't anything to get for her. "Uh, Jen?" You call. "Yeah?" She replies, her head popping out from behind the door. "You have no drinks in here. You're going to have to either have water or get off your ass and buy some." You state. "No!" She exclaims, dragging out the word until she's starved of breath, dramatically throwing herself on the floor. "I will not leave this apartment, and you cannot make me." "Drink tap water, then." You reply, desperately trying to pull the older girl up off the floor. "I will not drink that tasteless swill, Miss Fuhrman. I simply will not." She shouts in an over-exaggerated British accent, using her weight against you. She stays put on the vinyl floor, laughing at you as you try to get her into a standing up position. You then notice the smirk playing on her lips, and your eyes widen as she pulls you down, catching you in her strong, supporting arms before you land face-first on the floor. You can't help but be reminded of the first time you and Jen ever really talked, when you filmed the feast scene with her. In the middle of filming, she'd jokingly flipped you up, catching you. You'd laughed then. That was before you'd fallen for her. "Is, are you alright?" Jen asks, her angelic voice snapping you out of your daydream. "Uh, yeah." You say, weakly smiling at her. You shuffle away from the older girl, still accompanying her on the cold kitchen floor. "I know I haven't called lately. I've been busy with publicity things and seeing Nick." She pipes up, looking at you apologetically. "It's perfectly fine, Jen. I understand." You reply, faking a smile, thanking your acting skills. "I missed you." She mutters, looking up, her blue orbs locking on you. "I missed you too." You state. "A lot, actually." She starts grinning like an absolute fool. "Good. I was starting to think my little Isabelle had forgotten about me." You can't conceal the blush that forces itself on your face, her words spinning around in your mind. My little Isabelle. "Of course I didn't, Jen." Her grin couldn't get wider. "Well, what have you been up to? What's been going on in the life of Isabelle?" "Nothing, really. I hung out with Callan, studied for my finals. The usual." You shrug. "Ooh!" Jen exclaims. "Has little Izzy got a boyfriend?" You blush twice as hard, the stupid pet name making you feel even more embarrassed. "I'll take that as a yes." She teases, nudging you with her knee. "He's not my boyfriend. We're just really close." You reply, glaring at her. "And don't call me 'Izzy'." "Aw, you're so cute, trying to be all menacing!" She coos. You have to refrain from blurting out a "You're cute too.". "Shut up." You mutter. You're sure your face looks just like a tomato right now. "Okay, I'll stop teasing." She says, holding her hands up in surrender. You honestly don't mind it when Jen teases you. You like having her undivided attention. It really doesn't matter what you do with Jen. Any moment could seem like an eternity. Right now could last forever, as long as you're with her. You could never get her. You know this. You're not living in a fantasy realm where you'll end up with your true love. This is the real world, and you need to get over yourself. You're not even going to try and ask her out. It's better that way. You wouldn't get hurt. You can admire her from afar. You value your friendship with her too much. You'll keep your little daydream in your head, where it's safe. That way, you'll never have to lose. Saturday 7th of December, 2013. You're sat in your bedroom. Madeline is busy doing a live-stream for her fans. Your friends are all busy. You just came home from an audition. You're starting to get busy again. Now you feel Jen's pain. You're now studying for school, completing work, stressing way too much about tiny little things. You're surprised when there's a knock on your bedroom door. Your mom promised she wouldn't bother you, your dad went out, and Madeline is occupied. You have no idea who it could be. You're thrilled when the door cracks open and the gorgeous face of Jennifer Lawrence peeks inside. "Oh, good. You're not stark naked." She states, confidently striding into your room, sitting next to you on your bed. You're a little shocked, but you manage to compose yourself enough to shoot back a comment. "Don't act like you don't want to see me in the nude, Lawrence." "Sorry Fuhrman, I like dick." She says, rolling her eyes. You're painfully aware of how true the before statement is. "So, what're you doing?" She asks. "Just studying, doing homework. Trying not to throw myself off of the nearest cliff." You sigh, looking up at her. "Lame. Let's go out." She announces. "I can't, I have to do my school work." You state. She rolls her eyes, shuffling closer to you. "C'mon, Is. Please?" "Nope." You mutter, trying to ignore the devastatingly attractive woman in front of you. She stands up, and you're suddenly whisked off your bed, slung over Jen's shoulder and carried out of your room. You struggle against her and the butterflies that are raging in your stomach, until she sets you down at the top of the staircase. "Now, are you going to be mature and come with me, or be a boring nerd and sit by yourself all day?" She asks, a gentle tone to her voice. "I'm going to be mature and study." You reply, stalking off towards your room door. Jen grabs you around the waist and hoists you over her shoulder again. "You're coming with me." You fight against her. "Put me down, Jen." She doesn't budge. "I mean it. I know how to use a knife!" "Ah, little Izzy. You're so cute." She simply responds, as she walks you past your rather shocked looking mother. "I'm just taking her for a walk, Mrs Fuhrman. We'll be back before you know it." "Jennifer Shrader Lawrence, this is kidnapping." You shout, pounding your fists against her back as she carries you out of your house and across the front lawn, towards her car. She plops you down in the passenger seat of her car, buckling you in, before running around to the driver's side and getting in, locking the doors. "You need to get out more, Fuhrman." She states, grinning at me. "You need to calm down, Lawrence." You reply, facing forwards as she starts up the car. She pulls out of her parking position, biting down on her lip in concentration, looking terribly adorable. Once she's driving you up the street, she turns to you, still half looking at the road. "Isabelle, are you okay?" "I will be if you concentrate on driving." You state. She rolls her eyes at the statement, yet begins to focus on the road. "Seriously, something is on your mind. Talk to me." She urges. "I don't think so." You mutter, looking out of the window, desperately trying to occupy yourself with something other than the