Cattle Show The District 12 fair provides the perfect setting to become acquainted with 4-H members from other areas of Panem when the grounds close for the evening. Peeta Mellark meets the very private Katniss Everdeen when they're both fifteen, but it's a full year before she shows him her softer side. In memory of Brett, a real life Peeta (1971-2014) Peeta inhaled deeply and wrinkled his nose as the scent of fresh hay and straw mingled with the stench of cattle and manure. It was only a few minutes past sunrise, but the barn was full of activity as stalls were in the process of being cleared and filled with fresh straw. Most of the cattle were tethered to the wash racks behind the barn and in various states of cleanliness. "Peeta!" his oldest brother Rye called from outside, "hurry up and get the stall mucked out. Leven and I are almost done with the steers." Peeta waved in acknowledgement and thrust the pitchfork into the bedding from the night before. As he tossed the forkful of soiled straw into the wheelbarrow in the aisle, he glanced across the barn and sucked in a lungful of air before coughing at the pungent smell. The dark braid fell down her back, and the curve of her neck caused a stirring inside him that he hadn't felt since last year when he watched her in the passenger seat of her rundown farm truck as it drove away. Now, her gray t-shirt hugged her back, and when she turned, Peeta choked at the sight of the wet cloth clinging to her breasts. She'd tied her freshly washed steer to the boards against the wall and swept her silver eyes through the barn. When she spied him, she froze before allowing her mouth to curve into a tentative smile. Leven, his elder brother by a year, bumped him from behind. "Peeta, come on! Rye and I are almost done washing the steers, and you haven't even gotten half the stall cleaned out." Peeta ripped his gaze from the girl across the way and mumbled an apology to his brother. "Sorry, I'll get it done right now." He twisted his baseball cap backward over his disheveled blond hair and turned his attention again to the task at hand. It didn't take long, however, before his thoughts wandered to the previous year and his last interaction with the dark-haired beauty who'd smiled at him so shyly across the barn. He'd discovered her name over halfway through last year's fair and interacted with her at the parties that were common after the gates closed for the night. The 4-H participants with livestock often slept at the fairgrounds in order to be able to monitor the animals' behavior as well as be on site early in the morning to take care of them before visitors streamed through the barns. The District 12 fair housed barns with chickens, roosters, rabbits, sheep, horses, and cattle, but the Mellark brothers were only involved with the steer project—and that's how Peeta Mellark met Katniss Everdeen. "Peeta, get over here with the hose. I'm trying to get this damn thing washed and back in the barn. I need to go help Dad before the day's over," Rye snapped from a few feet away. "Hold your horses. I'm finishing up," Peeta barked while rinsing the hindquarter of his steer and swiveling to pass the hose to his oldest brother. He gasped in horror when he realized someone had tied her animal in between the two Mellark men, and Peeta had just soaked her with the hose. "Shit! That's cold!" she gasped as he struggled to cinch the rubber and stop the stream of water that had drenched her clothes. "I'm so sorry!" he sputtered as he fumbled with the hose. His voice hitched when he realized her shirt was stuck to her skin. The water was cold enough that her nipples peaked under the wet fabric, which seemed to be the best thing he'd ever seen. "Hey! Eyes up!" the girl ordered, and he blushed when he realized he'd been caught gaping. "Oh, god, I'm sorry," he mumbled with red cheeks. His mortification grew when Rye whistled and catcalled. "The hose, lover boy! You can mack on the ladies later. I need to wash the steer." Peeta smiled apologetically at the girl he'd doused and extended the hose to his brother. "So, I…uh… Like I said, I'm really sorry for soaking you." When she remained silent with her steely gaze leveled at him, he stammered, "I'm, uh…Peeta. Peeta Mellark." Her eyes flicked back and forth across his face before she nodded and responded, "Katniss Everdeen." "Katniss…" Peeta tasted her name on his lips and realized it was one of the most beautiful things he'd ever said. It took him several seconds to comprehend that he was staring at her before he snapped his jaw shut and dropped his head in embarrassment. Katniss worked the brush through the lather on her steer's back and said pointedly, "It was nice to meet you, Peeta. Maybe I'll see you around." Rightly recognizing her words as a dismissal, he nodded and led his own animal back to the barn, but his eyes strayed towards Katniss the remainder of the day. When he joined his brothers and the rest of their friends after the gates had closed for the night, he was pleasantly surprised to see Katniss sitting on a bale of straw next to one of the female members of his 4-H Club. He raised a bottleneck of Budweiser in her direction and tipped it in a small salute from the edge of his baseball cap. When she only nodded in response, he settled down among his friends and decided to unwind and enjoy the few hours of relaxation he'd get before waking at daybreak the next morning. He'd consumed a few beers by midnight, and it was with a fuzzy brain that he noticed Katniss stand and quietly slip from the gathering. Disappointment flooded him as he watched the dark braid bounce softly against her back above the slight sway of her slim hips and her lean bare legs. Something about her made his stomach clutch with longing, and he wondered if he'd have time over the next few days to break her out of her shell so that he could see her less serious side. "Does she even have one?" he wondered as he took another long drag from the bottle. As it turned out, she did. The next night Katniss returned with the same girl and hung out with his crowd again. This time, instead of only sitting quietly and observing the others, she grabbed a beer and joined in the discussion. Peeta found her funny. Her sense of humor was thoughtful and though-provoking, subtle with a twist of irony that he found irresistible. She observed more than she spoke, and that made every word she said weigh heavier than the incessant babble Delly, Clove, and the other girls emitted as they drank. He grinned when his friend Finnick hit on her and earned a steely stare that could have frozen boiling water. Peeta knew many considered him the best looking of the Mellark brothers, but Finnick was the supermodel of their hometown and used to dating as many women as he wanted. Katniss' pragmatic attitude and ability to see through his friend's charm made her even more attractive to him. Peeta knew how most people viewed him and his brothers. Rye, the oldest, had the reputation of a player, partier, and slacker. He drank too much and got by on his smile and ability to schmooze others into doing what he wanted them to do. He wasn't cruel or manipulative, but he wasn't above using his looks to get out of work. The second Mellark, Leven, was the comedian of the trio. His haircut was a little goofy, his jokes made people laugh because they were over-the-top silly, and his limbs seemed a little too gangly and long for his body. He often lamented that girls saw him as a friend instead of a potential romantic interest, but his happy-go-lucky attitude endeared him to a wide range of friends. Only Peeta seemed to enjoy a larger circle of people who appreciated him. Peeta knew his blue eyes and blond curls turned the heads of a number of his female acquaintances. His infectious grin and calm, steady demeanor appealed to many, and his ability to weave words into colors and emotions made him popular with his peers and adults. He genuinely admired a number of people, and he knew his respect for others radiated from him. Altogether, he'd been esteemed in return. He wondered if his steady demeanor was the reason Katniss finally struck up a conversation with him just past midnight. "You seem awfully popular," she observed from the bale of straw next to his. "You seem awfully smart if that's your conclusion." He winked at her as he took a drag on his beer and grinned when she rolled her eyes. "Mmm…arrogant, too. Nice. Just what I'm looking for in a guy." He gave a lazy shake of his head and quipped, "Sardonic. The ideal personality trait of a female." She chuckled and took a drink before nodding her head at him. "Touché. Truce?" She waited with raised eyebrows until he agreed and then rose to move alongside him. "So what else do you look for in a guy?" Peeta teased through his buzz. His brain was a little muddled, which frustrated him since he wanted to remember every second of conversation with this girl. She deadpanned, "One who knows how to turn a hose on a girl." Peeta choked on his beer and coughed until she pounded him on the back to help clear his air passageway. When he finally regained his breath and cleared the water from his eyes, he glanced up to see her cheeks flaming red. "I meant the other morning. Not—I mean, I didn't mean… You know, your… Oh shit. Just kill me now," she stuttered. He barked with laughter and reassured her, "I know what you meant, and I'm sorry for soaking you the other day." When she lowered her eyes in embarrassment, he teased, "Although I'm happy to know you're interested in my hose." "I— I have to go. God, I'm sorry," she mumbled and bolted between the trailers. "Hey! Wait! Katniss!" Peeta stumbled after her and caught her hand before she slipped away. "Don't be embarrassed. I was just joking with you." She struggled to free her arm from his grasp but only managed to wiggle her body closer to his in the confined space between a trailer and the cab of a pickup. Peeta froze as her hip grazed the front of his jeans, and he thickened against his will. "Katniss," he said softly, and she fixed her eyes on his mouth. Before he registered his actions, he'd cupped her face and lowered his lips to hers in a soft graze. Warmth exploded between them, and she slumped into him slightly as his mouth slanted over hers. The taste of beer flavored their kiss, and he recognized the scent of fresh straw and the shampoo most 4-Hers used to cleanse their livestock. When her tongue rubbed against his, he pressed her back against the pickup and moaned into her mouth. His breath came in gasps as he delved into her, and his hands slid from her face to the curves of her back. She whimpered when his hands cupped her buttocks and pulled her tighter against his groin. "Katniss," he grunted as his cock strained under his jeans. She stiffened then and pulled away. He opened his eyes, and the vision of her swollen lips and flushed cheeks almost brought him to his knees. "I have to go. I'm sorry," she blurted and fled. Peeta huffed in frustration as the humid air of