So this just randomly popped into my head. Figured I might as well see how it goes. And it's not a crossover, though I do have a few that aren't. Suprising, no? Anyway, let's get this show on the road! (Currently tapping into inner child and rewatching Digimon series) Digi-Modify! New Story Activate! Yes, total nerd here. Anyway… Warnings: lots of mentions of nudity and lots of strong sexual themes here. Basically PWP. Foul language. Strange kinks. My mind at work. Some Weasley bashing and Dumbles bashing. Enjoy! Disclaimer: Don't own Harry Potter Here the Chapter Starts Brown eyes watching nimble hands tinker away at the wooden product in her hands. Her pink lips curled into a small smile as she finally connected the two pieces. "Nearly done," she said softly, holding up the wooden limb in the air, looking past it to the man-sized wooden doll in front of her. "How much longer, my dear one?" a male's voice trailed into her ears as hands snaked under her arms and cupped her breast, pinching her nipple sharply between a couple strands of her pink fishnet tube top. "You know how impatient I am for this." Lips attached to her neck, suckling gently as his hands massaged the mounds under them, making her short of breath as she moaned gently under his ministrations. Something poked at her lower back, making her giggle slightly, knowing what it is. "You know watching you work gets me so worked up." "Patience," she whispered to him, placing the limb down. She leaned forward out of his arms, but his hands remained on her hips as he received a full view of her rear under her short black skirt, her cheeks plump with a thin string between them. "This will be one of my better inventions." "My little Doll Maker, when are you going to tell me what this is?" he sighed, resting his chin above the crack of her plump rear, gently blowing air onto her fishnet covered back. She giggled. "This will be a little present to that slut who thinks you belong to her," she told him. "She wants some cock? She will get some. Whether she wants it or not. And she will." He chuckled, his hands slipping from her hips to her buttocks, groping her harshly before separating the cheeks. A finger slid under the strap of her thong, pulling it back before letting it snap back. The Doll Maker gasped in slight excitement. "If I didn't know any better," he taunted. "I would say you felt threatened. You know my cock was made for your sweet, tight pussy alone." "Just as my pussy is made to house your long, fat cock only, my Engineer," she stated, spreading her legs before setting herself down on his lap, feeling his member rub against her wet entrance through the thin fabrics. "Soon, though, she will learn that. And everyone will eventually learn what a slut she really is. Especially when my doll claims her in the middle of a feast for everyone to watch." His member jerked at her words, grip on her hips tightening enough to bruise. "I can't wait," he growled, his hands jerking down to his slacks, pulling himself out before thrusting into her slick entrance, completely avoiding the thin fabric thong that was previously covering her. She cried out as he pounded himself into her savagely. "And you shouldn't make me, you tease!" "I-I'm so-sorr-rry," she panted out as he pushed her hips up and jerked them down as he thrust up into her. "It-it w-w-will-ll be d-do-done b-b-by to-tomorroo-oow! Ah, Engineer! My pussy c-c-can't ta-take much moo-oore!" "Tomorrow for sure?" he grunted, quickening his pace. "Yes! For sure! I swear!" she cried out, her hands on the ground to hold herself up. Her long fingernails dug into the stone as heat coiled within her belly. "Ah, Engineer! I can feel every inch of your cock! It's so deep! You're penetrating my womb! Ahh, cum inside me! Fill me with your man juice! I want your white cream to fill me until I burst!" "Tell me more about your doll, my dear one," he ordered her, slowing his pace until he was nearly stopped. "Please don't stop!" she begged, looking at him over her shoulder while panting heavily. With a smirk on his pale lips, the Engineer shifted his position until he was on his knees behind her, his bare chest laying on her back and his hands once again holding the hanging lumps from her chest. "Mm, I love playing with your tits, you know," he told her, his voice raunchy as his fingers rolled her nipples between them. "Tell me what I want to know, and I'll give you what you love so much." "Please, fuck me and I'll tell you," she begged him. "I'll tell you as you pound into me! I'll tell you as you cum inside! I swear! Just please, fuck me hard! Fuck me strong! Fuck me fast!" "As you wish," he complied with a grin, pulling out until only the tip remained inside then shoving himself back in quickly. "Now, tell me!" Next Day – Hogwarts Ginny Weasley pouted as she walked down the empty hallway. Another failed attempt to get Harry's attention. She noticed him staring at her chest after purposely leaving enough buttons undone to show off some cleavage. Her breast were practically about to pop out! But he huffed and turned away, starting a conversation with Neville about Herbology. She didn't understand it. It seems as though she would have to take different measures. More forward measures. In time, he'll see that she is his, just as he is hers. They are meant to be together! As soon as he realizes that, they'll marry after he kills Voldemort. She'll bear his heir, securing her place as Lady Potter. Then when he meets his 'tragic accident', she will be the mourning, but wealthy, widow of the Hero of the Magical World. She'll want for nothing. A sound startled her from her thoughts. She looked up from her feet, seeing a strange figure against the wall. She smiled. Maybe she can practice her bed skills with this one as well. After all, if she wanted Harry, she would have to really impress him with her sexual knowledge in order to keep him. But first, luring this one in. It will be easy, like so many others before. "Hello," she meekly called out to the figure slumped against the wall. "Are you okay?" Creaking was heard as the head turn, starting Ginny once again. "Hi, I'm Woodrow!" the figure called to her. "Are you okay, Woodrow?" she asked, stepping closer. Then she gasped when she finally got a look at the mysterious Woodrow. He was made of wood, wearing a school uniform with the Ravenclaw crest on the robe. His large blue, possibly glass, eyes reflected the light of the torches, focusing on her and holding her gaze. His mouth didn't seem to have a hinge like she would think, instead it appeared to have a pair of lips. "I'm fine!" the wooden man told her before his head dropped. "No, I'm bored." "Are you a enchanted puppet?" she hesitantly asked. She remembered her father coming home with one before, it had tried to turn its owner into a puppet. Thankfully, the charms and enchantments that operated it were removed, so it was safe for him to bring home and study. This one seemed to have strong enchantments on it. It spoke as though it were a real person, or at least had some level of intelligence. "No, I'm a doll," Woodrow told her. "Hey, wanna play a game?" "What kind?" Woodrow's head turned to look down both ends of the hallway before he rose to his wooden feet. "Not out here, silly!" he scolded her playfully, grabbing her hand. "I play this game with my mistress all the time! I think you'll like it! But she says it's private!" Ginny started to believe that she accidentally stumbled upon someone's sex toy. And she wasn't looking forward to pulling out those splinters. "Maybe later," she told the doll, trying to pull her hand out of its grip. It didn't give an inch. "I promise you'll like it," he told her, pulling her towards a door. Opening it revealed an empty classroom, the desk and chairs all stacked against a wall. The door closed behind them with a gentle click before Woodrow spun Ginny around until she was in front of him. "Here's the game! Ready to play?" "Uh, what game?" she hesitantly asked. "Let's see…Which would you rather find you? A centaur, a vampire, or a werewolf?" Woodrow asked, pointing at her. Ginny blinked, surprised by the question. Maybe it is just an innocent doll wanting to play a question game. "I would have to say a centaur," she answered. "I may not survive being found by a vampire or werewolf." "A centaur?" Woodrow repeated, his head spinning around completely. "Centaur Mode found. Shifting Mode." Suddenly, his hands shot out, grabbing her clothes before ripping them off of her front. Ginny gasped in shock, watching her shredded clothes fall to the ground. A shadow loomed over her. Slowly, she looked up. Woodrow's upper half was the same, but his bottom half was a wooden horse, the hooves being made of metal instead. But then she caught sight of what was hanging from underneath. It was long and thick, hanging low and looked to be made of flesh, not wood or metal. Pink with splotches of black skin covered the hanging horse penis, a strange clear liquid dripping down the flesh. "Mode change successful. Current mode: Centaur." Reaching down, wooden hands grabbed her shoulders then dragged her to a desk that wasn't stacked. Woodrow dropped her in front of the desk, pulling off whatever clothing she had left that was still covering her, then forced her down onto the desk, her back to the wooden centaur. Metal hooves clunked as they appeared beside her head. She felt the blunt tip press against her, trying to force inside. It didn't just looked like flesh. It is flesh! With that realization in mind, Ginny remembered wondering what it would be like to actually lay with a centaur. A fantasy she had tossed aside after first meeting the creatures. Now, though, she can. More pressure was applied to her entrance before she opened her legs. The horse penis slid in easily once she granted it entrance. It stretched her beyond anything she ever felt before. She was sure to be bleeding from such a rough entrance. It pulled out then shoved its way back in, Woodrow's pace quickening as more time passed. Ginny was soon as moaning mess, gripping the edge of the desk as the doll with the flesh cock sexually pleasured her. One of her knees landed on the desk, giving the pleasure doll more room between her legs for an even faster pace. Despite the owner being made of wood, the cock swelled to fullness within her, burying deep inside with each thrust. Above the strange coupling, hiding in the shadowy rafters, watched the Engineer and his Doll Maker. "She truly is a little whore," he commented, watching his dearest's creation make an mess of the Weasley female. "Dare I ask how you got a hold of actual cocks for your doll?" "Relax," she told him soothingly, running a hand through his hair until her fingers found the knot of the blindfold he used to cover his eyes. "The centaur cock belonged to a rogue centaur in the forest. I killed him then removed his penis, scrotum, and testicles. They soaked in enough preservatives to hold well enough for a long while, at least so long as the spells don't wear off. If everything went right, my little Woodrow will even cum." "I'll admit, I'm curious how you did that one," the