This story starts about a week after the end of "The Blood of Olympus" and ends in the final chapter of, "The Hidden Oracle." This is my second attempt at writing a fanfic based on a book series. Please give me a chance and please do not get upset if I forget something from the books. I would love some reviews to help guide me to making this the best story. Also, don't be surprised if you don't see any accent writing, I'm not good at that. Thank you. A week had passed since the defeat of the giants and the end of Gaia's rising. The Gods had returned to Olympus triumphant that once again they had succeed in besting their ancient enemies. Though it made them bitter to admit it, they would not have succeed without the mix of Roman and Greek demigods. The renewal of friendship and peace between the two would help the Gods keep control of their different aspects and the sacrifices that helped sustain them. While Zeus was preparing Apollo's punishment Hera was in her chambers still upset by the harsh words from Zeus. While he had stated that she had acted with honest attentions and that her heroes had done well, he had the nerve to be angry she had taken upon herself to solve the prophecy and disobeyed his orders to avoid contact with the demigods. "Who does he think he is telling me I was wrong to disobey his orders? He is the one whose broke his own orders twice! Jason is my champion! My heroes succeeded where his isolation would have left us dead!" Hera ranted to her reflection. She was brushing her beautiful hair and tending to her beautifying techniques. The Queen of the Heavens wanted to look her best for when Zeus finally remembered he had a wife and that he should be grateful for all she had done. Remembering his harsh words she slammed the brush down. Standing up from her vanity and stormed to her balcony. Her cuckoo birds sensed her temperamental state and started to coo to reassure her that everything would be okay. "Thank you my lovely birds, but even you cannot ease the anger I feel right now." Her thoughts turned once more to final battle against the giants. To be honest the demigod children, especially Zeus's, had always annoyed her. The combination of divinity and mortal shouldn't exist. Gods, Titans, even low level nature spirits married their own kind and had children that were natural. Demigods were different, an accidental race that proved to be both problematic and actually helpful. There was no denying the fact that without the demigods her kind would have died out a long time ago. On the other hand, very few of them ever showed the respect the Olympians deserved. Her the least of all. "Demigods, ugh Thalia Grace, no respect at all from that little upstart! Even when she was dying Zeus intervened, making her a tree to protect the demigods. That girl came back and now I have to deal with her all for eternity because she's now immortal and protected by another of Zeus's bastard children!" Her temper was starting to get to Hera once more. Maybe Zeus was right, she had acted rashly. Her actions almost led to their defeat. As soon as that thought enter her mind, she laughed. "Rashly? Zeus doesn't even think half the time when it's important. Thalia is barely tolerable, but Jason he is a true hero, a champion." Maybe that was the problem. She was the Goddess of Motherhood, but all her children had grown up and while some were a disappointment; her sons to be exact, her daughters had great success. Even when Eileithyia failed to prevent Hercules birth, she had gone on to help many woman give birth to healthy babies. Even today you could find her slipping away to Earth to help with premature births to ensure the child survived. "My daughters have found their place, even become mother's themselves. Hebe finds humans fascinating enough to have children with them. Eileithyia loves them enough to ensure each mother has a chance to experience motherhood. Mortal woman love to become mothers no matter how they turn out they love them." Musing on that idea she recalled the old days in Greece when families chose one of their children to be their heroes, their champions. In ages past mortals would pray to her and receive her blessings Returning into her chambers, she turned to a wall she had recently redecorated. On it were images of her favorite champions throughout her existence. There were pictures of the ancient Jason next her current champion. An image of her with Leo when he was small. A final image, a quick picture that was taken in a micro second before Zeus sent the seven heroes back to Camp Half Blood. Gazing at the image, she remember how happy and certain she was. Next to being a mother, the greatest feeling was pride in those who served her causes obtained victory no matter how difficult it was. "Hmm, Zeus thinks he is the absolute authority to make decisions for us. I am the Queen of the Heavens, the Goddess of Marriage, Womanhood, and Glory to Heroes. My temper is legendary, but I can use that to help me. I'll show Zeus I was right and that he shouldn't dare question my choices! If I can bring together seven heroes, then I'm more than capable of doing it again. Once those demigods see how benevolent I can be perhaps they will finally treat me with proper respect." Leaving her chambers she decided to consult the one person in Olympus who could help her and would know how to proceed. She might even want to join in as she had also been largely ignored for a great deal of time. In the past, she had never wanted to get involved with either godly or mortal affairs, but Hera had a strong feeling that her older/younger sister might change her mind once she heard what Hera had planned. Entering the room where the Great Hearth was she found who she was looking for. "Hestia, my dear sister. I wish to speak with you about something of importance." Hestia looked up from the fire and smiled at her sister. Today Hestia had decided to appear in her veiled maiden form rather than as a child. She had sensed her sister's approach and knew that it would be easier for Hera to take her advice if she matched appearance. "Hello sister, you look lovely today. What is it you wish to talk about? Does it have something to do with what happened a week ago?" Hera nodded as she looked around for something to sit on. Hestia might not mind laying on the floor, but as Queen Hera was used to getting the best. "You wouldn't happen to have a chair I could borrow?" Hestia giggled before using her powers to summon up a chair for her sister. "Thank you dear sister. To answer your earlier question, yes what I wish to discuss has something to do with the battle last week." "Then please explain to me what is you want." Hestia calmly listened to her sister as she explained everything to her. The Goddess of the Hearth had learned that to truly listen to a person, you must understand the true meaning of their words and the emotions behind them. Hestia noted her sister's body language, the shift in her body as she recapped her feelings about demigods to the pride in her face as she described the steps she had taken to create the hero team that helped save them. Hera finished talking about how she wanted to make a contribution to Camp Half-Blood, as gesture in good faith to remind the demigods to show her proper respect and begrudgingly added, she missed having people who valued her assistance. Heroes who prayed to her for help or did quest in her name. Hestia placed a hand over her sister's spreading the warmth of the fire through her. Tilting her head up, she voiced her thoughts. "It sounds to me that you are suffering from a case of empty nest syndrome and a lack of fulfillment." Hera opened her mouth to argue only to stop when Hestia pressed her finger to her lips asking Hera to let her finish speaking. "Dear sister it is as you said, you feel great pride in your children, even if they have disappointed you in how they turned out. While you say to you detest the demigod children, deep inside I sense you are proud of many them, especially the ones who are your grandchildren. You only hold back the pride and love you feel, because to do otherwise would be against your nature. Acknowledging it would mean admitting your wrong, something that is hard to do." "Believe me Hestia when I say that I can find fault with others with ease. I know what many say about me, that my wraith and jealousy, make me the worst Goddess ever," Hera growled. "That if I learned to let go perhaps I might actually be likeable. How can I let go of all the hurt and betrayal? It feels justified, not something I did wrong." Hestia gave her sister a knowing look. To get Hera to admit she was wrong in the past would take a few more centuries. Still, there was something she could do now that might help with the dilemma she faced. "My Queen, if you want to have people see you for more than your anger and envy, then you must be sincere with your desire to contribute goodwill to Camp Half-Blood, otherwise it will only be seen as a curse." Hera took several deep breathes calming herself. Recalling the stress reducer techniques she'd seen on TV, she imagined all her emotions pooling at the bottom of her feet before blowing them out of her body. Hera did this several times eventually calming down. Hestia may not get involved with Olympian business most of the time, but she was the one who knew how to solve personal problems without hurting her family's feelings. That's why she was the original Goddess of Family. "Then what do you suggest I do? I will not have demigod children. My heroes were picked for their abilities and it was under special circumstances. The other members of the family would be very upset if I tried to usurp their children to be my heroes." "Then do what you did in the old days. Find worthy humans to be your Champions. Give them a small blessing, enough to get them into the camp, see through the Mist, and the ability to channel a small amount of your power when they need it," Hestia suggest as she turned the coals over creating a burst of fire that flickered brightly as the two goddess basked in its light. Hera pondered over her older/younger sister's suggestion. It was an excellent suggestion. She remembered how many mortals she had blessed had achieved eternal glory. They had been grateful for her help and honored her with great sacrifices. Her temples had been filled with worshipers who counted on her for help. To have a new batch of humans carrying out deeds in her name would make her very happy. Hera smiled at her sister impressed that she had once again came up with a solution to her problem. She could choose her champions, the mortals that best represented her domains. Children who could teach the demigods that there was a different side to her. In fact, she would start right now. "Thank you for the advice sister. With Zeus attention on Apollo's punishment, it will be easy to carry out your suggestion. In fact, you should follow your own advice and find mortals to become your new Acolytes."