The year is 2003. Voldemort won the war in 1998 and works as a figurehead from afar. In the following months Death Eaters split into powerful groups that rule mafia-like territories throughout Europe. There are three factions that fight for ultimate power in the name of purity. Corban Yaxley rules from Iceland straight down through Spain and Portugal, Rodolphus Lestrange rules from Sweden down through Croatia, and Antonin Dolohov rules from Russia down through Turkey. When Dolohov receives a threatening message regarding his unknown daughter, Ana, he sends his most trusted enforcer, Draco Malfoy, to investigate the situation. Without a family left, Malfoy has given his unwavering loyalty to Dolohov, that is, until he meets his boss's long-lost daughter. Ordered to protect her, Draco will do anything to avoid his intense need to possess her. The war took a toll on everyone, some more than others. A/N: This story is AU and probably OOC. Furthermore, it is based on the novel, The Professional, by Kresley Cole. The first few chapters follow her book very closely and I do borrow some of her dialogue, but I will be deviating as the story continues. I think Draco/OC stories are incredibly lacking so here's my take on one. "You better be careful you, picky little slag, or you'll take your hymen to your grave." I looked over at my best friend Lila and rolled my eyes. We'd just finished downing the Firewhiskey shots purchased for us by a group of post-Hogwarts graduates that I had fondly named "Mummy Issues", "Serial Cheater" and "Two-pump Chump". "Bite me," I said without any real heat. Like Lila, it took quite a bit to get me riled, but that is where the similarities ended. She was a gorgeous, leggy, free spirit. Tall and blonde, she hadn't gone to bed alone since we were 16-years-old. Upon finishing up at Hogwarts, Lila opted to travel the world using her massive amounts of pureblood money. A NEWT scholar she was not, but I envied her life all the same. I, however, benefited from her parents blood money and lived in our gorgeous apartment, regardless of whether or not she was traveling, while I endlessly studied to become a Healer. I watched Lila wink across the bar at a man who nearly swooned off his seat. I smiled lovingly at her all the while shaking my head. I lived through the aftermath of her love affairs: the desperate gifts, the late-night owls, the stalking. I couldn't bring myself to engage in all that drama and angst. My friends thought it was hilarious. They perpetually tried to set me up, all the while reminding me that one day I'd be "blindsided" and they'd only hoped to be there at witnesses. We had just shot down another Firewhiskey, courtesy of "Mummy Issues" when my friend Beth inhaled sharply. "Merlin, Ana, lose it to him." I swiveled to look at the door and took in the baddest-looking man I'd ever encountered. His eyes were bright silver, stark against his pale skin and white blonde hair. He had a roman nose that looked like it had been broken and a minute scar running along his jaw. His appearance didn't fit with the clearly expensive, tailored black coat and dress shirt, dark grey slacks, black leather shoes and belt. His outfit probably cost more than my entire closet. He was tall, with a lean, muscular build, and looked to be in his early twenties, but his face was weary. His entire look confused my typically on-point man-senses. He was a gorgeous mix of privileged and street and even as he casually sipped his drink he seemed hyper-alert. My friends stared at me as I stared at him. Lila smiled at me. "You can close your mouth now, Ana". My brain was misfiring. He looked richly European, but he also looked like a street brawler. Was he dangerous or was he working at the Ministry? I snapped my mouth shut. "Either you talk to the GQ cage-fighter or I will." Lila said with a wink as she practically lifted me out of my barstool and pushed me toward the bar, though not before lifting my girls up and out. "Don't be a twat, you look ravishing." She said with a final smack to my ass as she shoved me into the direction of the bar. She was right, I was wearing her clothes after all. I was by no means unattractive, but my confidence level wasn't quite on par with someone as beautiful as my unreal best friend. I was shorter than Lila by a mile at only 5'2 with long, brunette curls and dark brown eyes. I smoothed the dark navy fabric of the jeans I was wearing and adjusted the slinky red top she forced me in to. I was halfway over to GQ/Fighter Guy when his eyes locked on mine. His gaze grew heated and immediately I felt tense and warm. I sidled up to him at the bar and he turned to face me. He was exceptionally intimidating, taller than I thought and even more attractive. I had a feeling that I recognized him, but for the life of me I couldn't place where. I took in his scared knuckles and the tattoos on his fingers. He scent was masculine and intoxicating. I forced myself to speak. "Uh, hi, I'm Ana." He stared blankly at me. Okay, then. "Can I buy you a drink?" I offered boldly. He tilted his head as if he were studying me. "Okay so, this went well." I said after a few awkward moments of tortured silence. Merlin, I was mortified. I got up from the bar stool and turned just as his calloused hand grasped my wrist. "Wait," he said with a posh British accent. He coughed, rubbed the back of his neck, and swore in Russian. I almost fell over. I had been on an endless search for my birth parents that, according to my mother, had been Russian. "Are you from Russia?" I practically squealed at him. Merlin, Ana, get a hold of yourself. "Zdravstvuyte". He didn't look Russian, but I said hello in his native tongue anyway. "You speak the language." He said with the slightest of smiles. "No, it's not my home country." Duh, Ana, the accent. "Right, well I speak it a bit. I took a class." I said while pushing my hair out of my face. Merlin, what an exaggeration, I took several classes. He looked around the bar before his gaze fell on me again. "Of all the men in this bar, you choose me to approach. Are you looking for trouble?" He cracked his tattooed knuckles subconsciously. I felt that last Firewhiskey kick in and provided a cheeky response, "Maybe I am. Have I found it?" He looked taken aback for only a second, if I wasn't studying him I wouldn't have noticed. He looked right into my eyes, silver meets brown, " No, little girl. You have not." With a final look at me he rose from his bar stool and stalked out. I looked down at his half finished drink and back at the still-swinging door. Well then. "What, did you bite him?!" Lila shrieked at me, "Merlin, let me smell your breath!" I shoved her off as I took yet another shot, this one courtesy of "Serial Cheater". A few shots later I was making my way to the flat Lila and I shared. I continuously chanted at myself to not think of the blonde haired, silver eyed, not-Russian-British-guy, but it was too late. I swirled around abruptly, getting the sense that I was being watched, but I only saw people crowding into and out of different bars. I apologized to the woman I almost smashed into and shook my head to clear it. It was probably all the liquor. I stumbled into my flat hoping to find a very specific piece of mail. I had spent countless galleons on Aleksander Petrov's highly expensive services and I was beginning to think I'd been scammed by my Russian private investigator. The couple that raised me, Molly and Peter Summers, are truly my parents, and I love them, but since my father died I'd been feeling this gaping need to find out where I came from. Life is short and all that. There was nothing but a letter from my mum. I shrugged my coat off and let it drop on the floor. I was feeding my owl, Marlow, when I felt that same feeling of being watched. "Lila? Is that you?" I shouted into my empty apartment. Nothing. I shrugged and made my way to the master bath where the big, luxurious tub lived. I knotted my long hair atop my head and minutes later I was easing back into steaming water, a self-stirring cup of tea floating by my side. Drunken disappointment hit me. I could not believe I crashed and burned on my first pickup. Merlin, how did men do this all night, forever risking rejection? Why had the not-Russian-Brit been so angry? And what was so off-putting about me? I surveyed myself under the water. I wasn't a troll. My legs were shapely from running about St. Mungo's every day and my arms were lean from hefting patients. My hips were wide, but my waist was narrow and admittedly my breasts were my best feature. My fairly large rack had been on display tonight, so what the hell, not-Russian guy? My drunken brain was all over the place and I tried not to think of those large, tattooed hands kneading at my chest. I experienced arousal so strong it startled me and my breath hitched. I'd talked to him for less than two minutes and his effect on me was this strong? To hell with it—if I wanted to get off to images of the not-Russian I damn well could! With a mental, screw you ; I reached between my legs to stroke, picturing his broad shoulders, his square jaw line, his mouth. Those hooded silver eyes. Even under the water I could tell how slick my pussy had grown, my forefinger gliding along my lips, parting them. When I reached my clit I found it swollen and sensitive. In this fantasy, my aching clit wasn't throbbing against my finger, but against his greedy tongue. My body tensed for orgasm, I was so close, only a couple more strokes. I cracked open my eyes and in the corner of my vision I swear I saw the not-Russian. His broad chest was heaving in my doorway; his smoldering eyes were gazing down at me as he gnashed his teeth. I squinted through the steam, was I that drunk? I was just about to come, my toes already curling. He exhaled sharply; his expression was dark and hungry. I shuddered in pleasure before realizing that he was actually standing in my doorway. I was not that drunk and I shrieked. The not-Russian was in my flat spying on me like some psycho! I sat upright ready to scream and bolt, but he cut me off, "Cover yourself, Ana". His voice was rough. "We need to talk." He bit out before swearing in Russian and stalking out of my bathroom. I was so appalled I couldn't manage a scream. I stared at the wall in shocked silence before scrambling from the tub to grab my towel. Once I was covered, I grabbed the top off the toilet tank and hefted it over my shoulder as a weapon. "I don't know what you're doing in my house, but you need to leave now. Or I'll call the Aurors!" "I was sent here by your father," he replied from his perch on my bed. "Merlin, put that down before you hurt yourself. You're a witch no, where's your wand?" He said with an angry roll of his silver eyes. I blushed crimson. Right. Witch. Wand. I put the toilet