A/N: Hello! Here we have yet another post-Tartarus fic. Couldn't resist, sorry. I'm not too sure about the flow and quality of this story, it was cobbled together in bits and pieces at varying times. First chapter mostly in Hazel's POV, by the way. This picks up at the end of House of Hades. Assume all events past the escape/rescue have not happened. Please do leave feedback, good or bad - I appreciate it all! Here we go - I'll see you at the end. Percy and Annabeth come out of the doors like a couple of skeletons in skin. That's her first impression, anyway, but she's quickly distracted by the arrival of the others, and the blazing fight against Clytius that follows. The House of Hades crumbles around them like a toppling card house, and there's no time to think. They link hands like kindergarteners and she and Nico shadow-travel them out. She wonders for a second what it must have been like for Nico to be so close again to Tartarus. And then Percy and Annabeth collapse like sock puppets onto the green grass. It looks like the colour has been leached from their skin. They are like - well, it's absurd, but she thinks of vegetables used to cook soup and then fished out. She swears she heard their bones rattle. Nico is still standing, eyes alight, and there is a glow to his alabaster skin that wasn't there before. He's holding his hands out in front of him, turning them over, like he cannot believe they are real. They do not shake. "I've never felt more vital," he says, looking at her. There is life leaping in his eyes, such as she had never seen, and a tremulous almost-smile at the corner of his lips. And then he sees Percy. There is a silence- and then she sees as if in slow motion his knees crumple and thud to the ground, and his mouth open in a terrible agonized cry. "No-!" cries Percy, and sucking in a breath, "not - your - fault - don't -" His mouth keeps moving, but there is no sound. There is a desperate and pleading look in his green eyes, straining in their sockets to meet Nico's. Her brother is himself strangely suspended, his knees on the ground but his body stretched out as if pulled to Percy. Something passes between them, and Percy lets out a rattling sigh before his body loosens and relaxes against the hillside. Nico slumps on his knees, hands clutching at the grass. His face is sharply cut, and the light falls and streaks down it like tears. Still silence. Jason breaks it like a thunderclap, breaking from his still pose to run to the couple. They follow, dragged along like flotsam in his wake. Piper falls to her knees beside Annabeth, a hand flying to her mouth. "Oh, Annabeth," she whispers, horrified and terrified despite herself, her eyes tracing the tangled blonde hair and too-sharp cheekbones in her face. Frank kneels and gently slides his arms under Annabeth, straightening up and looking to where Jason has lifted Percy. "Don't-!" she cries out suddenly, and then screams at the bright sunlight, grey eyes rolling in their sockets. She squeezes her eyes shut again and tries to curl up in on herself, shaking. In any other scenario the scene would be funny; but now, as she looks at the faces of her fellow demigods, it is anything but. Percy and Annabeth are carried back to the ship, limbs sprawling every which way like twigs, escaping the confines of the arms that cradle them, heads lolling back on fragile necks. Their heartbeats pump and flicker under the delicate skin. Nico watches them go with wounded eyes, but makes no move to follow. Go, the flicker of his hand says. Follow. So she follows. Coach Hedge, for once, is silent as the heroes are borne on board with as much solemnity as a - don't think funeral, don't think - funeral. Down to sickbay, and dark red dirt falls onto white sheets. Percy's eyes - green, so green, and so indescribably tired - flicker open and then shut again. His finger insistently scratches out something against the sheets. Again, and again. 8 - no, B - O - his finger swirls a lazy last letter and then stills. A low, soft groan with a last breath - Jason leans in close - "Da - ma - sen." His breath comes out in a soft puff before he falls asleep. A name. Two names, maybe. Nico will know. xxx Only Nico doesn't speak to anyone when he comes back. He goes straight to the sickbay with an intent look on his face and sits on a chair in the corner, daring anyone to come close. The rest of the Seven gathered in the mess hall, discussing what to do with the injured heroes. It was decided, quickly, that they should not wake up alone, so she and Frank volunteer to take first watch, claiming that they, besides Annabeth and Nico, are the ones on the ship who have known Percy the longest. Jason and Piper head up to the deck, hands entwined, to help Leo get the ship airborne and keep it that way. So she finds herself in sickbay, sitting next to Annabeth's limp body. Nico's face in the corner is draped in darkness, and she can only see the glint of the skull ring sitting on his finger. Frank sits across from her, next to Percy, large hands grasping one another. They are an hour or two into their watch when Percy jerks in his bed like a hooked fish, thrashing and straining against invisible restraints. His eyes are rolling wildly in their sockets. Nico dashes to his side faster than Hazel has ever seen him move, and she wonders at this boy she calls her brother, his pale fingers that tap surely on Percy's wrist, the confidence and quiet assurance that radiates from the last person she would expect it from, Nico of Hades who is fidgety and lean and angry. But, she remembers, he has known Percy a very long time now. Nico waves Frank off and moves his hands to Percy's shoulders, fingers digging in between the bones and lost muscle. He holds the boy firmly, rattles him, and says forcefully, "Wake up!" Percy jolts awake startlingly and intimidatingly quickly, a hand leaping to Nico's arm and digging crescent marks into it. The other one seeks out the thin column of Nico's throat and finds it, holding there as a threat. Nico swallows. His throat bobs under Percy's grimy fingers. "It's me," he says quietly. "Nico." He pauses, closes his eyes. "Nico di-" "Angelo." Percy speaks as if rushed, the word falling off his tongue like water and relief. His hands loosen their murderous holds, but remain on the skin, pressing lightly, as if to make sure Nico is really there. "Nico di Angelo," he gasps. "I know you. Nico di Angelo, brother to Bianca, king of ghosts, blood and brother of Olympus I know you." "Hello, Percy," says Nico, and despite the easy words there are a thousand emotions jagged and turbulent in his voice. She hears them, and she knows Frank hears them, too. "It's too bright," says Percy very softly, as though he must say it even though he does not want to trouble them. His hand drops from Nico's throat and curls on the bedsheets. Percy closes his eyes but is clearly very much awake, and it seems he is struggling with something he wants - needs - to say. Finally he draws in a deep breath and begins- "Nico, they're dead." There is very much raw pain in his voice. This is a burden from Tartarus he will carry till the end of his days and he will never escape the yoke of its guilt. Nico is standing very still as if he dreads what is coming. Percy continues, relentless, confessing. Something so important he would cling to consciousness to tell Nico, a few hours only out of Tartarus. "Bob and Damasen - to get us out - they're dead, Nico, and it's my fault." Her brother does not know what to say, she thinks, watching his still figure. She feels as if she and Frank are latecomers to a play that has been years ongoing and they do not know the characters. Leave , screams Nico's stiff shoulders, the uncomfortably craned line of his neck. She paces out the door quietly, collecting Frank along the way, and they shut the door to sickbay and just look at each other for a long time. The last thing she hears from inside the room is "Tell me how they died," from Nico, and Percy's voice lifting as he begins to tell the tale of those who must be the heroes of Tartarus. xxx Piper and Jason are talking in the hallway, heads close, and Hazel wishes she could feel guilty about interrupting them. Jason looks up first, blond hair shadowed in the dim light. He speaks before she can. "Are they alright?" She is not sure whether to laugh or cry at that, after what she has just seen. "Percy woke up," she says. And before Jason can turn for the sickbay, she continues, "and he named Nico and he said - he said, 'It's too bright.'" Those are the only words that will fall from her mouth. They seem very important, somehow, and she just stares at Jason and Piper, willing them to understand. And they do. "Gods," says Jason softly, running a hand through his hair. "What did they have to go through in Tartarus?" None of them have an answer for that. xxx It's Piper on watch later that night. She turns the lights off so that they can sleep. None of them knows what fully transpired between Nico and Percy, save that Percy was sleeping once more and Nico had gone back to his room, looking weary and haunted and horribly, horribly sad. Jason has gone to the toilet. It is quiet and dark and almost peaceful in the room. And Annabeth screams. It is as bright and loud as a shattering of glass, and as jagged. It rips and tears its way through the ship and on his own bed Percy sits up, dim light spilling down the bony lines of his face. He is vaulting out of bed but becomes tangled in the blanket and bedsheets, his mouth open in a soundless scream as he scrabbles desperately towards Annabeth. Piper throws herself on Annabeth, tears gathering in her eyes. "Wake up," she pleads. "Annabeth, it's just a dream, wake up." Annabeth screams and screams, pure terror , and the tears drip unceasing from Piper's eyes. Annabeth is twisting in her grip, her grey eyes wide in madness and fright. She does not know Piper. Beyond the door she hears the pounding of footsteps, no doubt the other demigods on their way. Percy on the floor is trapped in his blankets, but he grows more and more agitated with every scream until with a roar he - - rips his way out of the cloths like a bull - - and launches himself at Annabeth, pulling her to him in a hard embrace. Piper pulls out of the way just in time, and is left staring over their backs at the shredded linens on the floor. Percy should not have strength enough to do that. In Percy's arms Annabeth has stopped screaming but she is clasping tightly the clothes on Percy's back, and shaking and shaking like she will never stop. The demigods of the ship burst in, and blindly Percy's head comes up, snarling. He looks very wild and very angry. Slowly and as one they back away, Piper among them, until they are out of the sickbay and the door is firmly shut