" Blood Song" By Arianlee "Fineen, get your worthless butt in here and attend to your work!" came a demandingly irritated female voice through the kitchen window. Fineen sighed. Although her father had always forbidden such language be used around his daughter, her stepmother had always made sure to stubbornly utilize it whenever her father was out of earshot. The poor girl dared not call her on it, or even to report her words to her father, because her actions would only end up recoiling back again to hurt her, just as they had so many times before. If she were to tell him, then he would rave at her stepmother, which would in turn then cause her stepmother to later seek her out and privately rave at for her sheer audacity. The results and her stepmother's words were always the same. ' How dare you attempt to dictate how I am to act in my own household!" Helga would scream. "You will have your own home soon enough and I certainly hope those there will treat you in the same disrespectful manner as you have always treated me!' The young girl rose to her feet from under the fruit tree in the orchard where she had been sitting and brushed the brittle remnants of last year's dried grasses from her skirt. Having hoped to find some peace and solitude, she had retreated there to watch the bees travel from blossom to blossom during their annual spring pollen harvest. Animals had always been friendly to her and that fact remained just another reason why all the others in the village would keep their distance from her. There beneath the trees, she would sit by the hour, singing to the wildlife, her voice harmonizing with their own tiny work songs. Music was something that had always comforted her, allowing her spirit some semblance of peace. Today, the animals around her gleefully joined her, adding their trills, tweets, grunts, squeaks and buzzing to the harmony. They accepted her, not for her outward appearance, but because of her ability to become one of them in so many ways. Nature had always fascinated Fineen, pulling her out of doors as much as it could. Her stepmother however was forever stating that she only wasting good time and daylight in such trivial pursuits. ' No,' the woman would say, ' you should be using your time better by learning about and attending to the preparations of the wifely duties you will be called upon to perform come autumn.' Table linens were still in need of being hemmed and embroidered, and her trousseau still lay as a pile of cut cloth, waiting to be sewn. ' They won't sew themselves you know. At this rate, you'll never be ready to set up a proper house for your betrothed. Do you so wish to tarnish your father's good name further by being labeled a slacker? Your dowry is quite paltry as it is, so you'd better be grateful and take the man you've been offered, for none other will ever come knocking on our door to claim you. That, I can assure you for a fact! Be glad for the man you have been given!' How many times Fineen had heard these same exact words from her now, she did not know. Although her father was a well-respected merchant in town, she had never been able to find out why her stepmother would refer to his reputation as having already been tarnished in some way. Fineen figured it must have something to do with herself because of the way that she had always been treated by others. She loved her father dearly and dared not ask him of it, thinking it would only cause him pain to hear such things from her own lips. The adults in town had always scowled at her and whispered conspiratoriously as she passed by. If they ever caught their children playing with her, they would be chastised and scolded mercilessly. Only then, after making sure she had witnessed their displeasure, would they send her on her way. This was why she had eventually become a loner. Even her own betrothed would waste no opportunity to openly show his distain for their arranged marriage. He loathed her. When their engagement was first announced, on the very day of her twentieth birthing day, the poor young man her father had contracted to become her husband, had been teased and then summarily shunned by his former friends. Now, not even those who had once stood stalwartly by him, would venture anywhere near him. Through the years, each time she would ask her father why they treated her with such scorn, he would cupped her chin within his hand and gently tell her it had nothing to do with her, but then never explain any further. In the past, when she had been hurt in someway by the villagers, his gentleness would always calm her tears. Then later, she would find herself ridiculed by her stepmother for his pandering to her. ' I have no idea why he does that, for you certainly deserve none of it!' Fineen entered the kitchen, scowling at her stepmother. "Don't give me that high and mighty look young lady," Helga demanded. "Even if I have to make your life miserable during the next few months, in order to drill your duties to your betrothed into that defiant brain of yours, I will. So get to your work!" Once Fineen was out of the horrid woman's sight, she turned and stuck out her tongue. How dare this woman treat her so, especially since she wasn't even her true blood mother? Her father's first wife, her mother, had died in childbirth, struggling to give her life. She sighed, wondering how different her life would be now if her blood mother had lived. She entered her bedroom and lifted the lid of the chest holding her unfinished work. Beside it stood another, containing the ones she had previously completed. The unfinished trunk held a vast amount more than the finished one though. Removing a nearly completed tablecloth from the top, she then moved to take up her sewing basket from a table next to her dressing table. In reaching for it, she caught sight of herself in the mirror. Although a bit taller and thinner, compared to all the other girls in the village, it was her long, straight light brown hair that stubbornly refused to take a curl and her slightly up-tilted and piercing sky-blue eyes that set her apart. Her most striking feature, however, was the eternal tan of her bronzed skin. Although the boys in town would jeer at her, many were times when she would see them looking at her with lust in their eyes. When they would find themselves suddenly meeting her gaze, they would change their tune and make some rude gesture before making believe she didn't exist. Puberty had not been a kind thing for her. Her father's pet name for her was ' his beautiful blossom' . During times of quiet reassurance, he would tell her she looked very much like her mother. Out of the corner of her eye, she had caught him looking at her numerous times, although his gaze would be more of a thoughtful or reminiscent nature, than that of staring. As they would stand talking together, leaning against the railing and looking out over the town from her third floor bedroom balcony, she would catch him periodically watching her, a wistful look contained in his eyes. If an errant wisp of her hair were to blow in the wind, he would gently tuck it behind her ear. She knew it was not she he saw standing there, but her mother. These private times were when the two of them were the happiest – safely guarded away from the cruelty and judgment of the outside world. It would just be the two of them and it warmed her heart that she could at times bring some joy into his life. Returning back downstairs, she went out to sit on the front porch, as far away from the kitchen as she could possibly get. At least there, she would have some peace away from her stepmother. It was baking day and nothing would ever keep that woman from the kitchen on that day, not even should a war suddenly materialize outside her door. If that most unlikely of events were to ever happen, Fineen knew the woman would take off after the offending parties, waving her large rolling pin above her head in an attempt to chase them off, stating, 'How dare you interrupt me? Go away! Shoo!' She could only dare to hope that something like that would happen one day and then maybe one of the soldiers would then run her through for her sheer arrogance. Baking was one of many of Helga's vices and this was one job she would allow none of the servants to perform. Heaven forbid a guest should come to her table and find the bread unfit to eat. Fineen rolled her eyes. Little did Helga know that she was one of the worst bakers in town and that the very fact of it was well known and discussed frequently among the other villagers. Deftly working the patterns into the material with her needle and threads, Fineen's mind began to wander. Lately, she found it would journey to that one place she had forever seen in her dreams. It was a place of trees and love, a place where she was accepted for who she was and not for any supposedly physical flaws or odd behaviors she possessed. The people there lived in communion not only with each other, but also with nature and its eternal ways. This was her special place, a place of dreams realized and acceptance, and she wished with all her might that such a place and its people really did exist. She would be there in a heartbeat. The sensation of something wet, cold and gooey splashed over her hands and chest. Then, a painful stinging dug into her cheek, tearing her from her reverie. Looking down, she found the once pristine white cloth that was spread across her lap was now heavily splattered with mud. Reaching up to touch her check, her fingers came away with mud and blood. Quickly looking around to see who had done this evil thing, she instantly knew that, whoever it was was already long gone. Tears welled up in her eyes and anger overtook her. Right then and there, she determined that she would bear no more from these malicious people and decided to leave. Grabbing her ruined embroidery in one hand and her mud-spattered skirts in the other, she ran into the house and up the numerous steps to her room. Entering, she tossed the brown-splotched linen onto the bed and went to wash her hands and face. She cringed when the soap painfully invaded the cut on her cheek. She then moved to her clothes trunk and threw it open. Quickly deciding to take nothing with her that reminded her of this place, or of this life, she packed only those items she deemed necessary for survival. What little money she processed and those items she thought she could use to barter or sell outright, she threw in as an afterthought. Grabbing the dagger her father had once given her as a form of protection, she threaded its sheath onto her belt and buckled it around her waist. Donning her hooded cloak and riding gloves, she grabbed her small stash and descended the stairs, great purpose written in her bearing. Her stepmother stood at the bottom, wiping her hands on her apron. "And where do you think you are going young lady?" Having heard the commotion of the young woman barreling up the stairs, she had reluctantly left her baking