DESTINY BEYOND THE DARK MARK Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter and any of its characters. It is the property of JK Rowling. A/N: Hey guys it's my first story ever. English is not my first language and I'm not very proficient in it so expect few mistakes. The British Wizarding World was at war for more than a decade. Many wizards and witches had died and many turned to the dark side, but one group called The Order of the Phoenix was always there to stop those who were against the light. But they were losing hope too, their numbers were decreasing every day. Everyone was losing hope the force of the dark Lord Voldemort was increasing day by day. They were waiting for some miracle to happen. Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts School of witchcraft and wizardry, He was the one who founded and is still leading the secret organization by the name Order of the Phoenix. He was sitting in his office lost in his thoughts. His blue eyes staring ahead of him, a grim expression on his wrinkled old face. 'Why Tom?' He thought. That question had been in his mind for many years. He still can't believe that a child he had seen in an orphanage many years ago would turn into a dark lord. A child who had been born with so much talent and skills, but Albus don't know what happened that turned a man like Tom into Lord Voldemort 'Maybe more power or maybe he was lost in the dark in the first place.' 'Hope, we only have hope now nothing else.' He is the greatest wizard of his time, defeater of Grindelwald and many people had died in front of him because he was unable to save them. But not now, now he would do anything to as many lives as he can, to save Wizarding World. 'FOR THE GREATER GOOD.' He was so lost in his thoughts that didn't even noticed when his magical fireplace came to life and roared. "Albus"...no response "Albus"...this time the voice was louder. "Albus?" Dumbledore stood up from his seat and went to the fireplace. He bent down. "Aberforth what a surprise...? What I can do for you...?" Aberforth ignored Albus questions and spoke with an edge in his voice. "Sybill Trelawney is here...waiting for you." "Oh...tell her I will be there momentarily." Aberforth without giving any response left. The green flames died down died down. After putting his elder wand in his silvery robes he disappeared with a crack. The night was cold and scary, the stars were twinkling in the dark sky and a beautiful moon was shining When Albus appeared in Hogsmeade Village the shops were still open and people were sitting, talking and doing their own business...but there was no happiness, no laughter. There was only fear, dread, and the smell of darkness. Albus started walking towards his brother's shop, Hogshead. Upon entering the shop, he saw his brother working on the shelf. He looked around the tables spotting the people sitting there eating and drinking unaware of his presence. His brother spotted him and nodded. Albus glanced towards his brother and went upstairs. There on his left side was a door slightly opened. The hallway was light with torches and he could see everything clearly. Albus entered the room and addressed the figure sitting on the chair. "Hello, Sybill. I hope you are well?" Dumbledore sat down in the chair and glanced at the women who were staring him down. "Hello Professor Dumbledore, yes I am well enough to join Hogwarts teaching staff." Her voice was dreamy and her gaze was unfocused. She was wearing ordinary witches' robes and some type of necklace around her neck. Her light brown hairs were looking wild. She had round spectacles in her eyes. "So you are here for the job interview. Are you sure you are capable of teaching in Hogwarts as a Divination teacher?" Albus wanted to hear what she has to say. He knew that she is more than capable of teaching Divination after all she is from the line of sheer. According to him, it was one of the most imprecise branches of magic. And before she says anything there was a sudden change in her body language that didn't go unnoticed by Dumbledore. Her body becomes tense; her gaze becomes more unfocused. Her mouth opened and she starts speaking in the trance. When Albus saw this he becomes more serious and stood up from his seat and Trelawney spoke. The one with the power vanquishes the Dark Lord approaches... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh months dies... Dumbledore looked at him when he heard the sound of the door creaking...he saw a young man standing there staring at him, his mouth slightly opened, a fearful look on his face. Dumbledore instantly recognizes the man and called him. "Severus." But he turns around hastily and left. Albus knew who he is, one of his students who has joined the dark Lord Voldemort. He wanted to go after him to stop him but he looked behind and listens to the whole prophecy. 'Severus will be going to tell the dark lord about this whole incident.' Albus thought grimly. and the Dark Lord will mark as his equal, but he will have the power the Dark Lord knows not...and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives...the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies... Albus stood there staring at Trelawney, whose gaze becomes more focused. "What happened?" She said looking at Dumbledore. 'She didn't even know. So this is a true prophecy about the Dark Lord and the child that will be born at the end of the July.' "Don't you know what happened." Dumbledore inquired. "No." She replied weakly...Albus nodded. 'It's a good thing she doesn't know; the fewer people know about this the better but what to do with Severus only time will tell.' July 31st1980 Saint Mungo's hospital A man in his early twenties could be seen wandering around the corridor up and down. He had messy black hair and brown eyes covered with round spectacles. He was wearing a dark shirt and black pants. He had his hands clapped behind his back. He flinched and stopped walking for a while when he heard a womanly scream...the scream died down but he stood there. 'Please be safe Lily.' He thought as a sigh escaped from his lips. "Prongs!" A voice met his ears that he knew very well. He looked towards the source of the voice and a small smile appeared on his face. "Padfoot", James starts walking towards the man who was walking towards him. He was wearing black wizarding robes, shoulder length hair, gray eyes. "Thanks, Merlin you are here. She is still in there and I don't know when they are going to let me in. I am worried about her Sirius." "Hey don't worry. She will be fine. She is a strong woman after all." James looked relieved slightly. He turned around, Sirius on his right side when he spoke again. "By the way, where are Remus and Peter?" "Peter's mother was ill and he was taking care of her, according to him and Remus was still away on order business." The door of the operation wing opened and a nurse came outside. She looked tired but was smiling. She looked around and when saw them coming to her smile grew bigger. "Congratulations! Lord Potter. You can see your wife and children now." James looked at her and nodded. He opened the door and saw a woman sitting in a hospital gown lying on a bed with two bundles in her arms. She had red hair green eyes that looked tired. She looked up when the door opened and when spotted her husband she grinned and mentioned him to come over here. James looked down staring at the two small infants in his wife's arms. He bent down to examine more, a look of awe on his face. "So beautiful!" Lily giggled and handed James one of the bundle. "He is so small." "Of course silly, he is only a few minutes old after all." The child opened his eyes, brown eyes met brown and James breath out. "He is just like me. Black hair, brown eyes, everything..." He looked at Lily who was looking at their second child. The child opened his eyes and this time Lily breathed in. The brightest green eyes she had ever seen looked at her. He stared for more than five seconds and then his right hand rose and touched lily's cheek and then he giggled. Lily's eyes softened and she kissed her son's cheeks, forehead several times... "Looks like he is momma's boy..."Sirius commented grinning slightly. Lily looked at Sirius and then said. "Of course he is momma's boy. After all, I'm his mother and you are his godfather." Lily looked at Sirius who was grinning. "So what are we going to call these younglings hmmm?" James said. He looked at his wife smiling he bent down and kissed lily's forehead lovingly. "Thank you, Lily, for bringing these wonderful children in our lives and completing our family." Lily looked at her husband and smiled tiredly. She was about to say something when Sirius cleared his throat. "So have you decided any names for them?" Lily looked down, the child lying in her arms, sleeping peacefully, she opened her mouth and paused and the glanced at her husband who was standing at her left side and then said. "Harry!" "Harry James Potter." "Harry James Potter? it's a good name. I like it." James smiled and looked at Sirius who was smiling too and nodded approvingly. Sirius looked at Lily who was barely conscious, he took Harry from her." Don't worry I will keep him safe." She nodded and then took her other child from her husband's arms. This one looked so much like James, his eyes, his hair, his face everything. While Harry looked slightly different, he has his mother's eyes and his facial structure was also different from both Lily and James. "Almond!" "Almond Orion Potter and he is the older one and Harry is the younger one." "Almond Orion Potter?" Yes it's a good name too. Lily smiled and then sigh, a tired sigh escaped from her lips." I am feeling so tired, I need some rest now". James nodded his head and covered lily with blankets and then kissed her forehead again. "Sleep well, you don't have to worry about anything, we are here...we will take care of everything." 1 week later Severus Snape was a very shrewd person. He was in his school years when took a dark mark, He was young then, immature and a fool but at that time he was angry at Potters and Black. According to him, they were bullies and he was always at their mercy. He wanted to harm them he wanted to quench the thirst of revenge and then after gaining dark mark he become darker and lost himself in the darkness and in doing so he did the biggest mistake of his life, he had called Lily a foul word, the shock and betrayal on lily's face was unimaginable and he still regret it because after that she never talked to him like they used to be. He loved her and still loves her but he loved Lily Evans, not Lily Potter. He reminded himself, and now he heard from Pettigrew that she had given birth to twins, Harry and Almond Potter and he knew that the Potter twins, as well as the Longbottom, are the possible candidates for the prophecy, one of them are destined to vanquish the dark lord. There are only three children that born at the end of