Hello! Welcome to Season 1 of the Hunger Games SYOT series I'm working on. I've had a blast coming up with ideas for this fic and I've been working on the opening chapters loosely for a while. I'm excited to finally post it! Author's Note: The first 7 chapters of this fic are entirely exposition/introductory and will not contain anyone's submitted tributes. This way I can update the chapters every 1-2 days to keep the fic active until all 24 slots have been taken. The fic may have a "slow" start, but the chapters will be posted quickly and after chapter 7 the reader tributes will begin to appear! Also note that most updates beyond the first 7 chapters will occur generally every 5-7 days. SYOT Details: (1) The tribute application form, along with the list of all remaining tributes is on my profile. If you would like to submit a tribute, please submit via PM (private messaging) so that way the details of your tribute remains a mystery for the readers! (2) Currently, I am only accepting 1 tribute per reader. If anything changes, I will update this point. (3) Death in the Hunger Games is inevitable. But when making the decision of who dies next, I will most likely protect the tributes of active readers. When a reader is active (reviewing, PMing me, etc) I know that they're really enjoying the fanfic, so I often want to preserve their tribute's life. That's just a good rule of thumb, and since there are no reader sponsorships, this gives the readers a chance to boost their tributes' lifespan. Don't hold me entirely to this method, though: I only said most likely , after all ;) (4) If you have any questions or concerns, please message me. I'll be happy to assist with anything! Chapter 1 Darkness Within Everything was dark again—the entire world bathed in infinite blackness. He reached forward, almost absent-mindedly, his outstretched hands searching for anything recognizable. He felt nothing, and reached again, farther this time, his arms and hands moving fluidly, as though he were within a deep state of hypnosis. His fingers slipped through cold air, feeling nothing but a chilling breeze. But he was in his bedroom. Indoors . There shouldn't have been a breeze. Cole sat up in his bed, heart pounding and mind racing with the realization that something was wrong. Having escaped his ensnaring trance, the boy hobbled off the bed, his senses disoriented. He felt as if he had awoken from the deepest level of his subconscious, like a hibernating bear whose sleep had been altered by some strange anomaly. "Hello?" he asked, as though expecting to be heard. As though the darkness of his bedroom would obtain a voice with which to whisper a profound response. "He-hello…?" he asked again, his tone shaky this time. Cole stared into the blackness of his bedroom, squinting in attempt to discern a light source. But there was nothing. A gentle breeze tickled his face. The hairs on his arms stood on end as his breathing became audibly tremulous. Slowly, he turned his head to the source of the cold air: the window. He realized it was open, the sound of curtains flapping in Feeling his way through the darkness, Cole stopped in front of his window. He looked out, resting his elbows on the ledge. But what he saw—or rather, lack thereof—was wrong. There was nothing out there. Not just his bedroom, but the entire world was quilted beneath some kind of enduring darkness, like an all-consuming void. The boy looked down at his feet. He shook his head rapidly and clawed at his hair, trying to unclog his mind. Reluctantly, he lifted his head and gazed outside, slightly leaning out this time, in attempt to extend his vision. As if by some other-worldly obligation, he saw something. Many blocks down the road stood a lonely, ill-lit streetlight—abandoned, save for a cloud of fog that crept eerily beneath it. Cole squinted until his eyes were nearly shut, looking for any sign of life in the shroud of mist that clung to the streetlight. There was none. He had never seen District Two like this. It wasn't uncommon for him to awake in his bed, startled and sweating from a nightmare; or to spend other nights lying awake, staring at his ceiling and unable to sleep. But during none of those times had he ever seen District Two so lifeless. Something about this night was entirely different. Instinctively, Cole turned to check the time: three in the morning. Or was it four? He couldn't tell—his digital clock looked half-dead, the numbers fading and blurring together in unreadable shapes. Regardless, it was late. Too late for him to be prowling the streets, he told himself. He turned back toward the window and looked out again, eyes full of mysterious wonder. Something intangible was calling to him. The more he stared at the streetlight, the more he yearned to be outside, standing beneath it. His mind encouraged him to stay put—to go back to bed—but his heart begged otherwise. His body was splitting, crumbling on itself as the voices inside his head and heart battled to be heard. Without rationalization, he was halfway down the staircase at the far end of the hall, tip-toeing to ensure he didn't wake up his parents or sister. Like his bedroom, the hallway and staircase were unlit; he relied on his outstretched hands for spatial guidance. He heard the transitional step into the kitchen as his shoes clicked against the tile floor. Cole rubbed his arms up and down with his hands, breathing bitterly. It was June—typically a warm month—but his house was freezing. He searched in the storage closet for his oversized jacket, zipping it on quickly and slipping out the front door. On the porch, Cole promptly shut the door and stared into the night: silence. Through the darkness he could hear no cars, no noisy neighbors, not even a bird or an animal . His street had never been busy, lying on the outskirts of Two, but this was all wrong . And creeping through the darkness, damp to the touch, was a bed of cold, constricting fog. This new world was hardly District Two. He began to feel nervous—alone. He never did anything like this, ever . He wasn't the adventurous type, and yet he couldn't help himself. The streetlight was a few blocks away, the only one of its kind that was lit. The boy shuffled ahead slowly, thick fog dispersing at his movements. Before long, he fell into a speedy pace, eager to satisfy his curiosity and return to the safety of his home. The farther he walked, the quicker an unequivocal truth surfaced: the streetlight was malevolent. The light had once looked deceptively close, but now it seemed miles away. When he stopped and looked back, his house was completely engulfed in the encompassing fog. When he turned back, the streetlight had changed position, as if controlled by a supernatural hand. It was just a block away, fading in and out of the swirling fog. Through the illusive darkness, he unable to tell if the streetlight was distant or near. Cole stared at it, his legs adrift with a momentary loss of balance. At the echoing sound of his gasp, he realized that the world was silent and hollow. Cole advanced cautiously toward the light, hands propped in front of his torso for protection. As if in synchronization with his movement, the light started to flicker, emitting a faint buzzing hum. Every time his feet touched pavement, the light flickered faster, blinking wildly like a warning sign: "go back while you still have the chance." His heart beat like a drum in his chest. His hands were sweaty, his knuckles shaky and white. He heard his body imploring to return home, but his curiosity persisted. He felt hijacked, a mere husk of a once-was human—a shadow puppet whose free will had been stolen by a mind-controlling alien. Cole was a step away from the streetlight. He lifted his arm, stretching it forward as a child would to a cookie jar. He squinted his eyes, hardly able to identify the post's marble-green architecture through the shroud of fog encapsulating it. The flickering grew furious and the buzzing louder, the entire scene painted in front of a perpetually black backdrop. And then he touched it. And the flickering and buzzing ceased. The light dimmed, but illuminated just enough to see through the encircling fog. Cole snapped back his hand, surveying it with a horrified expression as though it were diseased. For a moment he analyzed his hand, turning it over and stretching his fingers. Then he looked up in shock, his clouded mind beginning to clear. Slowly, he felt himself regaining the grasp on his own free will, his consciousness rapidly bestowed upon him in terrifying realization. Panic-stricken, Cole stumbled away from the streetlight, his chest and lungs tensing. He inhaled cold air, taking large gasps to delay his lapse of breath. As he stood there, enveloped in a blanket of fog, the gentle buzz of a lonely streetlight testing his sanity and infesting his mind like a virus, he realized he was—for the first time all night—not alone. This was a mistake , he swore. His eyes tore dizzily through the dense emptiness, searching for his house among rows of charcoal, formless shapes that once resembled buildings and trees. Now, his house was a mere silhouette behind an unrelenting mask of darkness. Instinctively, his legs began to move. This was a mistake, he repeated. Cole's walk became an awkward, loping run. He felt partially immobile, as though the fog were impeding his motions. Too terrified to look back, he tried to sprint, his breaths choppy and inconsistent. Only forward, he insisted, his adrenaline barely surmounting the crushing weight of fog pressing down on his shoulders. He was being chased—he knew it. His house was a block away. Cole wheezed an audible gasp, reaching out his arms as though trying to pull his shadowy home closer. Then something brushed his back. Defensively, Cole reeled in a semicircle, nearly toppling over. When he looked back, his entire body froze, mouth agape. He blinked hard to clear his vision, but the horrifying scene remained true. Looming only a step away, its dim glares radiating from a faintly illuminated bulb, was the streetlight. He was back. Cole spun around. Several blocks away—too many to count—stood his cloaked home. " No! " he berated himself. His hushed voice echoed through the billows of fog, ricocheting off invisible barriers and resonating in his ears like a repetitive tune: "No! No! No! No!" The hairs on his arms stood up. A feeling of nervous uncertainty overwhelmed him. He was being watched. Hovering across the street was a pair of black, soulless eyes rimmed with white, glowing eyelids. A thin, hunched figure lurked idly behind its wall of fog. It breathed silently but visibly, its stomach expanding and contracting where uneven breaths endured. And it looked only at Cole. The boy felt himself getting hot beneath his jacket, but he couldn't move. He listed to his own frightened breaths, the sound of his pitiable fear making his entire body shake. He wanted to cry and scream out, but he was too terrified to even blink. Suddenly the creature unleashed an ear-piercing screech. It sounded far from natural, but rather like a mechanical, grating wail released from a broken-down machine. Like snapping sticks harmonized with rusty, clanking metal, melded together by the faint sound of an animalistic howl. Like an animal in pain. Cole's anxiety turned his nervous breaths into desperate, heaving gasps. He backed away, his eyes still fixed on the bony, humanoid creature behind the veil of fog. But it was like they were attached by an invisible string: in synchronization, the creature took a hunched step forward, matching Cole's speed.