Chapter One: Worst Day Ever Okay. Just to be perfectly clear I'm compelled to point out that I, Percelina Jackson. Did. Not. Want. To. Be. A. Freaking. Demi-God. I was perfectly fine with leading a normal, everyday mediocre lifestyle filled with crappy adults who don't give a rats ass and leave you alone because they think you're little more than a good for nothing piece of trash. I was used to take the good with the bad. If your lucky enough where you are actually normal and still reading through this, then congrats. But, if for whatever reason you feel like what I might be getting at is the truth, or sounds eerily close to a situation regarding yourself and your own daily life, then I strongly urge you to ignore what I'm about to tell you. Consider yourselves warned. As I already said before, my name is Percelina Jackson, derived form the one and only son of Zeus form the legends, or "Percy" for short. However fair warning, that if your NOT my friend and dare call me by my first name I can personally guarantee you your life will be hell for the duration of the next twelve to twenty-four hours, both here and what could very well lead into your afterlife. Am I understood? Thought so. Anyway moving on, I'm currently the pre-teen age of twelve years old. And I can assure you that I am very smart for my age despite not showing it a whole lot at with it. It's what happens when living with a complete moron for a step-father almost all of your life. Up until just a few months ago, I was attending school at one Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids in Upstate New York. Why, you might ask? Because I was widely considered to be one of those troubled kids myself. I could give you the whole deal of what a lame life story I've had up until now; what with a single, hard-working and loving mother who was unfortunately married to a good for nothing sleazebag and then you'll probably understand. But, I'll save you the trouble and skip ahead to what I refer to as the "juicy bits". It happened last May, when our sixth-grade class took an exciting, heavy sarcasm right there, trip to the Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at ancient Greek and Roman stuff. Something I actually enjoyed surprisingly Also it probably did boost my mood a bit knowing that Mr. Brunner our cool Latin teacher, was the one leading the trip, so I had high hopes for whatever reason. Mr. Brunner, was this middle-aged dude in a motorized wheelchair. He had curly brown hair, a scruffy beard and a frayed tweed jacket which always smelled like coffee. Hey, you wouldn't think he'd be cool and all, but he's the most relaxed of all our teachers, for lack of a better word at the moment despite the fact that he was crippled wheelchair bound and all. He was the one who always told stories, jokes, he even lets us use some of his expanded collection of Roman armor and stuff to hold little tournaments on occasion in the classroom, meaning? It was pretty much the only class that didn't result in a total snore fest given my ADHD and dyslexia never seemed to act up, something I was grateful for. His subject was my favorite, but I wasn't interested in Latin, just that he would tell tales of Greek mythology that I liked, I never understood why though, was it because I seemed to just have a natural understanding of the subject, or maybe it has something to do with my dad's side of the family, my REAL dad that is. Regardless, I really hoped that the trip would be okay today. Sadly, I had no idea of just how wrong I was hoping for such a thing... Percy sat on the roof of Yancy academy, earphones plugged in and lightly bobbing her head to the lyrics blasting as she quietly sung along " can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars" A small little paper made bird in her hand, she flapped it's little flimsy wings slowly sailing it through the wind " I could really use a wish right, wish right now, wish right now" She continued mindlessly humming along to the remainder of the song unaware she had an audience watching her from the entryway leading to where she lay. The person gave a small smirk at the girl whom he called his best friend before drawing her attention towards him with a loud clap of his hands as he hoisted himself through the door. "Well, well, there she is - the one and only Miss Percy Jackson - encore, encore!" Percy shot up startled a bit at first, only for her face to melt into a teasing glare accompanied by a smirk "Grover," she replied signaling for the applause to come to an end. Grover continued to smirk at her using his crutches to hobble over and take a seat on a nearby pipe. "What? Just givin' my girl the props she deserves," he responded innocently Percy rolled her eyes at the dark skinned boy. Grover was an awesome friend, no doubt about it. Though he had a tendency to be a real ladies man, even around Percy sometimes, the fact that he used to crutches to get around didn't seem to lessen his self-confidence which was something Percy secretly admired about the guy. Well that and he really wasn't all that bad looking, he had dark colored skin and short black hair. He also had somewhat of a goatee thing going for him, but he made it work. "I knew I'd find you here, you're not trying to cut class or anything are ya?" Grover chided breaking Percy from her thoughts. The dark haired girl laid back down looking up at the clouds once more with a type of longing Grover couldn't quite put his finger on. "No Grover, I just... I don't know, being up here surrounded by the cool breeze like this, it makes me feel relaxed." Percy said in a soft voice unaware of the slight crease in her friend's brow as though an uneasy thought had crossed his mind. He managed to push it away though just as Percy sat up rising to her feet and dusting off her jeans preparing to head back inside "Come on, we should get going... What class do we have next again?" Percy asked helping Grover up on his crutches as they made their way back inside "Literature with Mrs. Dodds, "Grover answered in a sing-song voice snickering a little when he heard the loud groan his friend gave at the name of her least favorite teacher. As Percy and Grover made their way towards the classroom Grover mentioned something that caught the young brunette's interest "So, did you see that storm last night?" Grover asked in a upbeat voice as the two walked through the halls. "Man, nearly knocked out all my power..." Percy was silent for a moment, her turquoise eyes pondering for a moment recalling the sounds of electricity form last night, or lack of in her opinion "Yeah, didn't it seem strange to you, how there didn't seem to be any lightning though?"she said in a quiet voice, she didn't notice how her words made Grover freeze in place at that moment turning to look at her with a strange expression "Percy, what are you-" Grover was abruptly cut off when two kids began slamming one another into lockers int he middle of the hallway, the rest of the kids watching with either amusement or concern but doing nothing to stop it. "Are you kidding me?" Percy grumbled moving to step between them, Grover looked hesitant and was about to reach for his friend to advice her otherwise when she grabbed them both by the scruffs of their shirts, fixing them with a hard, irritated stare. "Enough!" she snapped. You'd think she channeled some sort of weird inner power or something with that one single word, because Grover could've sworn he felt a small surge of wind blow form around her looking a little befuddled when the entire hallway went silent and Percy stepped away leaving her best friend in awe for a brief moment. He managed to kick himself back down to earth now hurrying up beside her as fast as his crutches could carry him, a smirk plastered on his face. "Whoa, now you gotta tell me how you did that just now," he said shaking his head. "Did what? I just told them to stop," Percy said like it was no big deal, obviously oblivious to what he meant. Grover stared at her, his brown eyes scrutinizing her looking as though they were working quietly to put in the missing pieces of a puzzle "Grover," Percy called snapping the boy out of his daze when she saw the way he was staring at her, her own turquoise colored colored eyes narrowing just a bit. "If your done with checking me out..." she paused, waiting for him to shoot her a small look that read ' really?You really just went there? ' she laughed pointing towards the sign by the door "We're here." Grover looked following her finger and saw the label for classroom giving a small indignant huff as he followed her inside taking the usual seat behind her hearing the bell ring overhead. It took maybe a total of ten minutes for Percy's mind to start to drift, wondering back to he earlier conversation with Grover that caused her to remember last night's strange weather, how had she known there was no lightning? I mean, sure there was a difference between lightning and thunder, but for someone to hear it so clearly in the middle of a storm the way she did... "Percelina Jackson." Percy eyes snapped to the board when she heard her name, seeing the teacher with her arms crossed, looking expectantly and critically at her. "Would you care for me to repeat the question?" she said figuring she hadn't been paying attention "No, thank you Ma'am." She had heard the question, and was now resolved to answer. "Basically the person is saying they understand that the other one is angry, but what they don't understand are the words they are using since Othello is accusing Desdomona of being unfaithful to him to which she responds with the mentioned quote." Percy explained respectfully resulting in at least half the class giving her disbelieving stares of her apparent knowledge of Shakespeare Behind her she could hear Grover give out a low impressed whistle just before the bell for the end of the class rang. Percy tossed her keys of her apartment in the air catching them easily as she climbed the steps to the door, happy to be back home for the day. "Mom, I'm home!" She called closing the door behind her with a smile when she heard the familiar voice of her mother calling back to her. "I'm up here, honey!" Sure enough, her mother was hard at work ironing away at some of her lousy step-father's clothes. She was still dressed in her work clothes, her dark brown hair cascading down her shoulder in curls. All in all, she still looked beautiful despite the surrounding mess. Percy pecked her on the cheek affectionately as she walked past her to get a drink form the fridge "So, how was school?" Her mother asked sweetly. Percy loved her mother more than anything, she was Percy's inspiration to get through the day. She was hard-working, independent, and still had the energy to put a loving smile on her face for Percy even though she must've been very weary from the day's work. "The usual, I managed to wow my teacher a bit by