Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians. Warning(s): Genderbent Percy. Genderbent Thalia. Good!Luke. Bad!Annabeth. AU. Possible OOCness. Thaddeus' Story At first, I didn't believe it either. The gods of Olympus being real that is — but they were. Sometimes these gods come into our world and even have children with humans called half-bloods. I'm one of them you see; my name is Persephone Jackson: I'm the daughter of Poseidon, God of the Sea. About five years prior to my arrival, four of these children were making their way towards Camp Half-blood. It is said to be the only safe haven for our kind. Only three out of the four made it. Luke Castellan, the son of Hermes, was fast: his father being the god of athletes. He panted heavily while working to clear the many stray branches and twigs obscuring their path, following closely behind a boy named Grover, towards this safe haven, to Camp Half-Blood. Fleetingly, he spared a glance behind himself at the other two demigods seeing Thaddeus, who's leather jacket was zipped off due to the cold, was panting as well; the short yet unruly punkish dark hair and slightly torn black jeans seeming to blur among the foliage. Thaddeus was looking behind as well to see Annabeth, the last of their little group falling further behind. Without a moment's hesitation, Thaddeus reached out and took her hand into his. He wasn't about to lose anyone else in his life right now, he told himself, giving the daughter of wisdom's hand a reassuring squeeze. "Come on Annie, we're almost there," He whispered urgently. The group ran as fast as their legs could carry them still making sure as not to trip, otherwise they would be caught for sure. "There it is! We're almost there, we're almost at camp!" Grover cried out, alerting the rest of the group while pointing straight ahead at an archway with blazing torches on either side of it. For a brief moment, Luke and the others felt the smallest pang of relief swell in their chests, but Thaddeus knew they weren't safe just yet. Sure enough, Luke and Thaddeus heard a strange sort of ripping noise cut through the air around them, like something was being uprooted, whipping their heads back just in time to see a massive tree hurtling towards them, accompanied by an aggressive growl from their pursuers, Thaddeus reacted first. "Look out!"He called, shoving Annabeth and Luke down with him to avoid the lethal object just in the nick of time. Grover, however, had been momentarily distracted by being so close to camp looked up too late; just as the tree nailed him — immobilizing his legs and rendering them useless. The satyr yelped under the crushing weight. Annabeth had pushed herself back up and was running towards him, Luke trailing behind her as she screamed, "Grover!" "Luke, help him!" She cried as Luke crawled through the thick branches trying to pull Grover out. "Grover, are you okay?" Luke asked sincerely. "My leg!" Frantically he responded as he tried tugging his leg out, "It's stuck!" Thaddeus, who had been standing a short distance away hearing every word suddenly turned at the sound of another enraged howl: his muscles tensing as it drew closer and closer. There wasn't time... already he could make out the large, bulky shadows in the distance. He swallowed thickly, glancing back at his friends and mentally analyzing the now desperate situation they were in, realizing there was no way Grover could now walk, and therefore make it to camp on his own. He needed to do something now, in order to buy his friends the time needed to make safely into camp. Finding both his courage and voice, he spoke sounding firm. "You guys keep going, I'll stay behind and hold them off." Of course, they tried to protest to the idea right away. Annabeth said softly, "No Thaddeus! They'll kill you." The girl rested a gentle hand on his shoulder while her eyes shimmered with tears, normally such a thing from her would have him caving, but not this time. But right then Thaddeus knew he needed to be strong — for his family. With a pained smile, he turned to his best friend Luke who had walked over with a limping Grover using his arm as support. Thaddeus stood protectively in front of the other demigods and satyr as giant footsteps came closer before wordlessly, slipping off the backpack he wore and shoving it towards Luke. "Go, Luke, Go!" He ordered but Luke stood there with a conflicted Look. "I'll be right behind you!" Thaddeus added reassuringly, seeing Luke's internal struggle. He looked ready to protest, but he bit his lip: giving a small, hesitant nod. The last thing they saw was the son of Zeus drawing his dagger from its sheath and charging. "Over here!"Thaddeus screamed, attempting to get the beast's attention and succeeding before running off to the side and further away from the others. Annabeth remained still for a few seconds longer as he went. Luke called out to her. "Annabeth, come on!" Thaddeus stood alone, watching as the towering giant shifted the treetop branches away from itself with ease, looking down on him as Thaddeus tightened his grip on the hilt of his dagger, starting to step back as they stepped forward "Stay back!" He called glancing back to see Luke, Grover and Annabeth were standing adjacent to the entrance. Thaddeus turned back, catching the giant's gaze with his own — a determined one. All of a sudden, he stumbled over a section of fallen timber before he quickly regained his footing just as seeing the closest giant swung at him — one huge arm swinging like a bat at him as if he were a fly. Ducking under the blow, he followed up with a slash, shoving his dagger into the monster's foot. "Thaddeus, come on!" Luke yelled, seeing an opportunity for Thaddeus to run. The raven-haired boy turned with the intent of doing just that to rejoin his friends so they could head into camp. But his eyes widened as he felt a colossal hand close around the collar of his jacket. The giant had recovered sooner than expected, and with a vicious snarl it yanked on the boy with such force, it sent him flying in the opposite direction from where the group of three stood. Thaddeus let out a loud howl of pain as he was flung; a look of horror etched onto all his comrade's faces. "No, Thaddeus!"Annabeth cried, breaking down into tears as she tried to run to him, only for Luke and Grover to grab onto her, holding her back from certain doom. Thaddeus landed on his back in the dirt — hard. He gritted his teeth in pain as the dagger clattered against the ground and out of his hand m the impact, he breathing was short and heavy as he re-opened his eyes to see the sky up above was filling with storm clouds with storm clouds. Thunder boomed and raced across the oncoming clouds — azure lightning surging through. Thaddeus felt his own electric blue eyes start to fill with tears as he realized that was it. He was dying, His name was Thaddeus, and he gave his life in order to save three. His mouth gaped open, and a gasp escaped into the nighttime air. His head lolled against the dirt while a single tear ran down his face from his watering eyes; breath growing shallower every second. And so, as Thaddeus lay on the ground dying: the boy's father, Zeus, found another way for him to live. One by one and little by little the ground beneath him began to flourish with small little flowers popping up around where his hand lay limp and unmoving. Miraculously, it was as though the earth itself had somehow come to life. A layer of greenish colored underbrush began to slowly envelop him wrapping around his arms and torso from the bottom up. His unruly punk style black hair that was splayed against the ground turned into long gnarled roots as they started covering the rest of his body, turning his skin the color of a wood when finally a sprout began to rapidly grow near his shoulder and between his arm. The root shot up towards the sky reaching high up into the air and standing taller than any other tree, his blue eyes faded into the base of the tree as a mix of underbrush and deeply bedded roots spread across him like a protective shell. Luke, Annabeth, and Grover all watched with fearful, yet amazed eyes. The tree grew higher and higher, spreading out wider and wider while starting to give off a powerful bluish glow that seemed to fan out all across the surrounding area of the camp's borders. It was a way for all Half-bloods to live, a gift in order to ensure that no one in camp Half-blood would ever die the same way. The remaining trio was mystified and in awe of what they were now witnessing as the blue veil spread around them like some, magical curtain cutting them off from the path of the monsters who charged at it without heed. It was a barrier: to protect them from those who yearned for their deaths. The giants charged the blue wall: baffled as to why they were not able to get through. They pounded their fists against it furiously letting out a series of enraged howls watching the three turn. "Come on, let's go!"Luke called out as the remaining trio fled into the safety of camp. Each and every day the story of Thaddeus's bravery inspires me, and his tree protects my home. Or rather, it did... Present Time It shouldn't have happened, and yet it did. A Colchis bull — at least that was what Luke called it. The mechanical monstrosity smashed its way through the barrier of Thaddeus's tree and began its devastating rampage through the camp. It burned and demolished cabins and equipment like it was nothing only seeming to pause for a brief moment of genuine surprise after finding out Tyson, a new kid that only just recently showed up (and who was my supposed half-brother) turned out to be fire-proof. Who knew? Apparently, it's one of the perks of being a Cyclops. I ended up managing to destroy the infernal thing, but man! It did not go down without a fight! It to self-destruct when I threw my sword into its open mouth — somewhat risky yes — but it worked. "Dammit Jackson," A feminine voice spoke out loud, drawing Percy's attention away from the scattered pieces of bull. Turning and blinking a few times as her ears still buzzed and her vision was still blurred. In a matter of moments; however, she was able to make out an all too familiar head of beautiful blonde hair and piercing stormy gray eyes staring back at her. "Annabeth," Percy breathed: stunned before recalling her weapon, Riptide, reaching for it from where it landed after the explosion clicking it and wielding the full sized blade as she carefully stood back up on her feet before the beautiful, blonde daughter of wisdom. She smirked; carefully tucking away some kind of blue vial. Percy was able to catch a mere glimpse of it as the confrontation was underway between her and the traitor; yes, traitor. Needless to say: today was just not turning out to be Persephone's best day, though what she didn't know was that a far bigger problem was being uncovered back where Luke and the others were as he stood along with Clarisse, Mr. D, and Tyson. The son of Hermes's eyes was wide in a show of shock seeing the tree — Thaddeus's tree — was starting to wither. Already from where they stood, the demigods and satyrs could make out the falling of the