Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter and I'm not making any money off this story A/N: This is Book 2 (Year 2) of the Callidus Prince Series Summer 1992 Callidus was unsure of what to make of his new foster family. The only wizarding family that he had known were the Malfoys, and considering that they were at the very apex of the social ladder, they could hardly be considered an appropriate measuring stick to compare other wizarding families against. Not everyone lived in lavish manors on extensive estates, served by a multitude of eager house elves, ready to cater to one's every whim. If that were the case, the wizarding world would be populated by far to many Draco-types, and one spoiled, self-absorbed Malfoy heir was enough for the world. Callidus's new family, the Filodoxos, lived in the half-wizarding village of Wimbourne, in a modest Tudor style townhouse. Their home contained only two mild-mannered magical portraits, but it did have a nice (though small) colour changing stained-glass window, and talking mirrors that were much less critical than the ones at Malfoy manor. Their coat rack was a bit on the grabby-side, and for some reason, there were numerous decorative ceramic shepherdesses that would not stop batting their eyelashes and cooing at Callidus. The chinaware wasn't as ornate as the Malfoys, and there was one particular tea cup with a penchant for dancing little jigs, but it was an otherwise orderly household. Of the family, there was Segnis Filodoxos, a man in his mid-thirties with a mop of tight curly blond hair that seemed fitting for his perennially sunny temperament; Quinta Filodoxos, a broad woman of the same age, with lanky brown hair that could rival his own, who was the undisputed matriarch, ruling the household like a fickle tyrant, benevolent one moment and ruthless the next, but who seemed to favour Callidus; and Caiside Filodoxos, their daughter who was a year younger than Callidus. Caiside, for reasons that Callidus hadn't entirely figured out yet (though he had his suspicions) appeared to dislike him, or at least mistrusted him. She had never really spoken to him in the time that he was there, but occasionally glared at him through the curtains of her curly, red-brown hair. Admittedly, he had only been at the Filodoxos residence for a week, but he wasn't too optimistic about his relationship with Caiside. Caiside appeared to have a strained relationship with her parents. Callidus didn't know if the situation had always been so uncomfortable, or if his presence had anything to do with it, but as far as he could tell, he hasn't done anything to cause offence. Quinta Filodoxos usually spoke to Caiside by barking orders or making some sort of critical remark about all manner of little things, and in contrast, she was exceedingly accommodating to Callidus. That in and of itself was rather uncomfortable. As for Segnis Filodoxos, he was absorbed in his own inner universe of music, and often acted oblivious to the world around him. Quinta Filodoxos worked at a potions lab for a private company, and Callidus noticed her secretive behaviours regarding her work. She rarely ever spoke of her current projects, but seemed to enjoy discussing potions theory. Having learned of Callidus's skills in potions on the day they met, Quinta Filodoxos (or Madam Filodoxos, as she preferred to be called) immediately felt a sort of kinship towards Callidus, herding him into the position of an 'adopted son,' whether Callidus wanted it or not. Segnis ("Mr. Filodoxos is my father - call me Seggi") was a musician, who played the harpsichord. Some of his songs were even played on the Wizarding Wireless Network, though admittedly, his music was more likely to appeal to older crowds - the sort that might wear robes with too many frills and ruffles, and were perfectly comfortable accessorizing with monocles. He was distantly friendly towards Callidus, not at all in the over-accommodating way that Madam Filodoxos was. At the moment, the family was sitting at the breakfast table, being served by the sole house elf owned by the family. The elf managed enough of the household that the family did not usually have to worry about any of the major household duties, but it wasn't enough to provide a life of indolence. Unlike Draco, Callidus had to put on his own robes and clean his own teeth and brush his own hair. In theory, if Draco decided he never wanted to lift another finger again he could probably ask one of his family's house elves to hand feed him, manually move his jaw for him, and then massage his throat to swallow. Not that Draco would do such a thing (or so Callidus hoped.) Madam Filodoxos was currently reading the Daily Prophet , her expression pleased by whatever article she was reading. Segnis was softly humming an upbeat melody, tapping one hand on the table while he scribbled down song lyrics with the other. He was munching on a piece of toast, which he absently levitated up to his mouth with each bite. As for Caiside, she was petulantly stabbing at a slice of fried tomato, as though the piece of produce had somehow personally offended her sensibilities and deserved a messy death by skewering. This activity was punctuated by resentful glares at Callidus, and he did not doubt that she imagined skewering him as well. Or at least feeding him to her garden of aggressive or poisonous magical plants, which was apparently some sort of hobby of hers. "The Magical Child Protection Act is gaining supporters," Madam Filodoxos commented, rustling the pages of the newspaper. "It's about time. The notion of any magical child having to suffer the fate of living with muggles is horrifying. Frankly, they ought to take them away at birth and nip that problem in the bud." This comment did not seem to be directed at anyone in particular, but Callidus had the feeling that Madam Filodoxos was speaking to him. Segnis was still tapping some melody on the table, his head bobbing to some internal beat and Caiside just made a noncommittal humming sound. "My friend's father had a role in writing that bill," Callidus informed her. It wasn't that he particularly wished to be drawn into conversation, but it felt rude to leave the comment unanswered. Besides, he had an interest in the bill. "Did he now?" Madam Filodoxos replied, with an intrigued look. "You must have made some excellent connections in your year at Hogwarts." Caiside rolled her eyes, but did not contribute to the conversation. Callidus wasn't sure what to think. Was the eye roll directed at him or at her mother? She did tend to roll her eyes at her mother and father a lot. It struck Callidus as being a bit puerile, but to be fair, he couldn't imagine being a bundle of sunshine if someone was always either critiquing him or ignoring him. But since Caiside hadn't done that much to endear herself to him, Callidus only felt the smallest bit of sympathy. Perhaps enough sympathy to fill a bottle cap. Or less. "Yes, it's a prestigious school." Callidus didn't exactly want to drop names. Draco may have been his brother/friend, but that didn't mean that Callidus felt the inclination to talk about the Malfoys if he didn't have to. Draco already did enough of that. "Indeed. Hopefully our Caiside will be improved in her time there," Madam Filodoxos gave Caiside a rather put-upon look, as though having to be her mother was some immense burden. Somehow, Callidus managed not to squirm from the weight of the awkwardness of the situation. He was almost tempted to say something in Cassie's defence. But seeing as he knew nothing about her, there was really nothing to add. "Considering you and father went there, I have my doubts," Caiside muttered under her breath. Callidus, who heard her since he was seated next to her, raised his eyebrow. "Don't mumble, Caiside," Madam Filodoxos chided. "It's unladylike. How are going to fit in with the right sort if you can't even articulate your words?" "Of course, mother," Caiside answered sarcastically. "Mustn't fall in with the wrong crowd must I? Only the inbred sort will do." Callidus couldn't help a snort of amusement, but ended up covering it up with a cough. Madam Filodoxos glared at her daughter, her colour rising. "Show some respect Caiside! You're speaking of the most important, most influential witches and wizards in the country." Segnis suddenly stopped humming and tapping his tune, and Callidus wondered if the man would finally decide to mediate the rising conflict between mother and daughter. "What rhymes with 'happy?' Nappy? Sappy? Yappy?" Caiside scoffed. "How about 'horribly crappy?'" Callidus snorted again, and Caiside gave him a mildly surprised look before scowling again. Segnis furrowed his brow. "Hrm. Nice and bouncy, little songbird, but - hrm - no, no, I really think it won't do. Conflicts with the message of the whole song, you know." With that, he started to mumble a series of rhymes, tuning out his family once again. "It's too bad the Magical Child Protection Act wasn't put in place years ago," Callidus remarked, trying to veer the topic back on track. "It was - unpleasant, to say the least, growing up with muggles." Caiside's jaw dropped, and her near-black eyes widened in surprise. "You - what - I thought -" Caiside blinked rapidly. " You were raised by a muggles?" Callidus's expression darkened as he recalled the past. "Yes, well, my father was a muggle." Caiside gasped. "What? A muggle? Not even a - a muggleborn?" Callidus shrugged in response. Did Caiside think less of him for not having pure, untainted blood? Was all her talk just for show? "What's this talk about muggles?" Segnis muttered, looking bemused. "Brutish creatures. How did we get onto this topic. Did you know that they have a device that can make holes in a person? I believe it is called a muskey? Musker? Musket? No, no, Musker sounds right." Caiside rolled her eyes at her father. "Thank you for that helpful contribution, dad" she said sarcastically before turning back to Callidus. "You - you're a Prince! One of those families. How can you be -" Caiside turned to look at her mother, her expression accusing. "Did you know this mum?" Madam Filodoxos sniffed, irritated by the turn of the conversation. "This is hardly appropriate conversation for the breakfast table. Callidus is an upstanding young man, and a direct descendant of the Princes." Caiside still appeared shocked. "I never would have thought I'd hear you defend a half-blood mum. Really. I ought to be marking this day down for posterity. 'Mum is less of a bigot so long as an old pure-blood name is involved.' Merlin, what a miracle." Her voice dripped irony. Madam Filodoxos looked like she was ready to sputter an offended reply, but Caiside turned back to Callidus, cutting her mother off. "What was it like, growing up with muggles? All I ever hear about is how they plan to burn us all at the stake, or, dissect us in labs or - or fly their airplanes at us." "What?" Callidus raised his eyebrow incredulously. "I don't think there has been a witch burning in centuries, and I'm fairly certain that airplanes are meant to transport passengers. I'm not sure about the labs though. But frankly, growing up with muggles was unpleasant. They can be very small minded, and even without magic, they're capable of a great deal of cruelty." Caiside looked surprisingly disappointed by this answer. "Oh. I thought - well - nevermind what I thought." "That said, I don't lump muggleborns in with muggles," Callidus continued. "Some of the brightest witches I've ever met are muggleborns." Caiside brightened. She shot a smug look at her mother. " Really . That's interesting. You know, you're not what I expected, Callidus. You're not so