Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter and I'm not making any money off this story A/N: Callidus Prince will be explained in the next chapter. Since the characters are mostly eleven, there'll be no shipping. There are a few lines here and there that I lifted from canon. Harry won't be the main character in this (Severus is). And you'll see in later chapters why Harry is a not-very-Slytherin sort of Slytherin. This will be VERY AU, and as such, characters will undergo drastic shifts. Not everyone loves this sort of thing (which I understand), so if you're not into that kind of thing, you've been given warning. Personally, I enjoy it (like nice Draco/Snape or Dark Harry, Genius Harry, Girl Harry etc) Warnings: Domestic physical, verbal abuse Prologue Spring 1991 Sitting in Potions class at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, the sixth year student appeared to be a model of propriety. She was quiet, well mannered and intelligent. Her essays were concise and well written. Her Potions were usually close to perfect. She did well in her other magical classes: Transfigurations, Charms, Ancient Runes, Defence, and Arithmancy. But her grades in Potions were better than the rest of her other classes. Her Potions teacher at Hogwarts was Professor Severus Snape. He had sallow skin, a large beak-like nose, and he wore nothing but black. His greasy, lanky hair fell to his shoulders, and his eyes were black like tar. Professor Snape hated dunderheads and incompetent nincompoops. The sixth year girl was neither. The Hogwarts student knew that Professor Snape thought well of her, even if she wasn't a Slytherin. She was able to answer all his questions in class. She never wasted ingredients. She never caused him any grief or trouble. But although Professor Snape may have thought well of her, she hated him. The sixth year loathed him with a fiery, consuming passion. Her hatred towards him was something that sat low in her gut. It simmered with an unceasing heat, driving her onwards. Whether she was stirring her potions, or writing an essay, she fueled that bitterness. She would never - could never - forgive him for what he had done. After all, this sixth year girl knew something about the Potions Professor that most other people were ignorant of. It was a story her mother had told her, as she lay dying in St. Mungo's Hospital one year ago. "The healers tell me there's no cure," her mother had said to her. The older woman had looked so frail and small in that hospital bed. "The disease is a magical corruption. I only have week left at most. I'm sorry darling - I'm so sorry. It breaks my heart to have to leave you. Especially with your father gone." Her cheeks had been wet with tears, and her mother had reached up a bony arm. Her mother's papery skin had touched her wet cheeks, which made only made her cry more. "There's something I have to tell you, before I pass on," her mother continued in her weak voice. The student had tried to protest. She didn't want to think of her mother passing on. Hope was her bread and water. Hope was the only thing that kept her going. How could her mother die? Her father had been killed in the first Wizarding War when she was barely five. If her mother died, she would have no one. No one except muggle relations that she had never met. After all, both her mother and father were muggleborn witches and wizards. They both had magical abilities, but no one else in their family did. These non-magical family members (that the Wizarding world called muggles) would never understand her. Not the way her mother and father did. "Listen to me darling. This is important," her mother said, pulling her attention away from her distraught thoughts. "It's about your father - about how he died. About how all of us almost died." "The Death Eater raid?" she had asked her mother. Her voice was tremulous, but it didn't matter - her mother understood. The Wizarding War had been started by a powerful Dark Wizard. The Dark Wizard was so powerful, so awful that to this day, people feared to say his name. His loyal followers were called Death Eaters. Their ideology included killing muggleborn witches and wizards. They killed people like her mother and father. People like herself. "Yes, darling," her mother said gently. "I hadn't wanted to tell you this before - it would have been a burden to you. But -" the unspoken words hung in the air. 'But now I'm going to die.' The student was shaking her head, in silent denial. Her breathing felt choked, and her shoulders shook with her fear and grief. Her mother took her hand and squeezed it. Her mother had so little strength left that her grip had no pressure. "The night of the raid -" Her mother's gaze became distant and haunted. "It happened in the middle of the night. You were having nightmares, so I had left my bed to join you in your room. We - your father and I - knew there was a danger to us. The Death Eater raids had taken so many lives - so many of our friends -" Her mother's voice broke. The student brushed her thumb against the her mother's knuckles. It was a soothing and reassuring gesture. "As an auror for the Ministry of Magic, your father tried to be as prepared as possible. He had a portkey made up for me. He had one for himself as well. But Death Eater Raids are never something you can predict." Her mother was silent for a moment, lost in the terrible past. "I was woken up that night by the sound of screaming. Your - your father's screams. They were torturing him. Using the Cruciatus curse. I thought it was just a dream - a nightmare at first. I hardly knew where I was. But then I felt you by my side, saying 'mummy, mummy I'm scared' over and over. I knew I had to protect you. I had to get out. But - I didn't want to leave your father. He -" Her mother's eyes were watery. The girl understood. Her mum and dad were soul mates. Soul mates were supposed to be together. "I told you to hide in the wardrobe - you remember?" Her mother asked. The student nodded. The small space of the wardrobe had felt safe. It was dark, and filled with soft clothes that smelled like the fragrant cleaning charms her mother used. "My wand was sitting atop your night stand - I was prepared to go help your father. But then your bedroom door burst open." The student also remembered this part of the story. She didn't see who had come in, but she had remembered the bang of the door. The shock of the sound had made her wet herself. She remembered whimpering in fear, biting her knuckles so she wouldn't cry out. She had been only five. She hadn't fully understood was happening, but she knew it was Scary and Bad. "I know you know most of this story, darling," her mother sounded incredibly sad. "I'm sorry to bring it up at a time like this. But there is one thing I didn't tell you. The Death Eater - Oh darling, it was horrible." Her mother sighed, looking pained to bring up such dark memories. "He stepped into the room, his wand pointing at me. But your toys had been scattered on the floor - you used to be such a messy little thing." Her mother gave her a weak smile. "He tripped, and his mask fell off. I saw his face - he had been a student at Hogwarts - several years younger than me. Those black eyes - blacker than midnight - And his face, as pale as the moon. I thought I was going to die. It's strange, but the one other thing I remember was the way his hands kept shaking as he pointed his wand at me. Maybe it was excitement. I don't know - I couldn't look away from his wand. He opened his mouth - I remember thinking 'this is it.' But then someone must have called him. He looked away. Then he backed out of the room and shut the door. The rest you remember - I pulled you from the wardrobe, and used the portkey to get away." The silence that fell was heavy. "Who was he, mum?" the student asked. She wanted to know, but she was also afraid to know. "His name is Severus Snape. Your Potions Professor." Her mother's voice was flat now. There was a hardness in her eyes. "Professor Snape? A Death Eater? Mum, why didn't you tell anyone?" the student demanded. She felt shocked - the man had been teaching her for four years. A Death Eater. It was sickening! She felt like there were newts crawling all over her skin. "Who would believe us?" her mother said, bitterly. "Muggleborns like us - poor muggleborns at that. No influence and power. Yes, your father may have been an auror for the Ministry, but he had only been a rookie. And Snape was protected by one of the most powerful wizards in the world. Albus Dumbledore." The student paled. "Professor Dumbledore? Our headmaster?" She didn't want to believe it. She couldn't believe it. It was terrible - too terrible to conceive. How could the headmaster of Hogwarts be harbouring such a monster? "I'm sorry to burden you with this darling," her mother said. The older woman somehow looked smaller and paler than ever. "I'll kill him," the student said, her voice little more than a whisper. "I'll kill that disgusting Death Eater monster." Her mother squeezed her hand, pulling the student away from her hot rage. "Darling, listen to me. In our flat, in my room - my dresser has a hidden compartment. To open it, you need a key and a password They key for it is in Gringotts Bank. And the password to open it is 'Justice.' There are some potions and other things in there. Your father - well, as the war got worse, he would sometimes take things from the workplace. Things that might be - useful." The student's eyes widened as she considered her mother's words. Her father had taken contraband from work? She had no idea of this. "I don't believe that the Ministry will ever do justice by us. We'll have to take it in our own hands. The things in that dresser - they will help you. Just be careful darling - don't do anything that could implicate you. You're bright - so bright. Your father and I are so, so proud of you." Her mother's eye's fluttered shut. Her breathing was strained. "I promise - we'll have our justice," the student said vehemently. "I promise." Her mother's eyes opened. The older woman looked so tired, and she smiled at her daughter. It was a sad smile. "I love you so much, darling." The student felt fresh tears spring from her eyes. "I love you too, mum." When her mother died, she had gotten the keys to the family vault in Gringotts. As her mother had said, they were a poor family. Nonetheless, they still had some valuables that were worth locking away. With the key in hand, she had returned to the flat where she and her mother had lived. The dresser that her mother mentioned was an unassuming piece of furniture. It was a pale wood, with little ornamentation. She opened the secret compartment with trepidation. There were seven bottles of potions, and various other unfamiliar devices. Everything in the compartment included a tag with descriptions. However, the descriptions were often vague. There were labels like: 'Unknown effects. Possibly Protective Amulet' or 'Shield Potion.