Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter and I'm not making any money off this story. Warnings: Assumed knowledge, slightly OOC characters, AU "Lily." Harry didn't know why he responded to the name. True, it was a 'name' he had given to this version of himself (Lilian, if one wanted be exact), this foreign feminine body with dark red hair, delicate features, and hazel-green eyes. But people didn't typically respond to names that weren't their own, so why Harry faltered mid-stride in the stretch of torch-lit corridor, his grip tightening on the strap of his book bag, he couldn't really say. No one had ever called him Lily before. If he had any sense, he would have kept walking. It was near curfew. He had no reason to stop. Perhaps it was that silky and sonorous voice that so often promised trouble ("ten points from Gryffindor"), or at least detention. The sort of low voice that one couldn't help attuning their ears to ("bottle fame, brew glory"), even when the words spoken were cruel and crushing, mocking and derisive. It was a voice that engendered his resentment, that reminded him that this was one of the people he hated most in the world. Harry should have kept walking. Instead, he turned his head, each second achingly drawn out, every instinct warning: 'danger! danger!' and still, he was turning, eyes wide as he caught sight of sallow and sickly skin looking almost jaundiced under the torch light, framed by a greasy curtain of shoulder length black hair, and draped in swaths of flowing black, a creature of the shadows, of night. And if Harry had seen what he had expected (scorn, hatred, disgust) in those onyx eyes, his feet would have moved before his mind, as fleet as a deer, trusting the twists and turns of the corridor to protect him, trusting that he would have time to throw his invisibility cloak over himself as he ran and ran, back to the safety of gold and red, of caring and sympathetic friends. But what Harry saw in Professor Snape's eyes had not been anything that he could have foreseen, anything he could have imagined, and that immobilized him more than any spell could have done. "Lily," the professor repeated, a long fingered hand slowly raising, reaching out, tentative, and oddly graceless. And this time, the voice wasn't quite so silky and smooth. This time, the way the name had been spoken was like something unwillingly ripped out of his throat, shattered and broken by the time the sound parted from thin lips. Harry swallowed, wondering why his throat felt constricted (fear? loathing?), wondering why Snape was looking at him like that, like the man had seen a ghost (and not a castle ghost, not anything like Nearly Headless Nick or the Fat Friar or the Bloody Baron, no). There was something about seeing Snape like this, something horribly aberrant and perverse, akin to walking in on the man while he was doing something private, like brushing his teeth or taking a bath (and did Snape even do either of those things? Oh, but Harry didn't even want to consider it, no, no, it was awful, something appalling to ruthlessly scour from his mind, disgusting, wrong). It was as if the Snape that he knew had had his face ripped away, as if someone had made use of Polyjuice Potion to create a facsimile of his features, while having no concept at all about the man beneath, contorting the eyebrows, eyes, mouth, cheeks, everything into an expression that didn't belong, because nothing about the Snape that Harry knew fit what he was seeing. Surely this was a dream, wasn't it? Perhaps a trick of the torch light? Perhaps a bizarre and inexplicable prank courtesy of the Weasley twins? Harry didn't wait to find out. Before Snape could say that name ( her name, his own mother's name) once more, Harry's feet had caught up to the wild staccato of his pulse, and he ran. -o- Metamorphmagus. After combing through the various tomes and books in the library, it was the closest description that he had found. He didn't act with a Hermione level of meticulousness, but if she had known that he had willingly stepped foot between those dusty parchment-and-leather scented aisles, she would have been proud, which would have been a tad mortifying. Metamorphmagus: a witch or wizard with the ability to change their physical appearance at will, rather than requiring Polyjuice Potion or a spell like the rest of the wizarding population. It wasn't exactly right. Yes, Harry could change his physical appearance at will, but he could only change it to one thing: a girl with dark red hair down to her shoulders, pale skin, and eyes much like his own, almond-shaped, except shot through with slivers of hazel. Harry had been given a photo album of his parents by Hagrid, and though he had only seen pictures of his mother when she was older, he thought that he resembled her; perhaps a younger version of Lily Potter (Lily Evans, then?) So few photos of her existed that he had studied each of them time and time again, heart stuttering at the way his parents' eyes would crinkle, flashing teeth in wide and unself-conscious grins, love written across their faces. Harry would trace his fingers over the smooth planes of the images, wondering what it felt like to feel warm skin, and affectionate touches. To feel loved. Of course, he wasn't entirely sure that he did resemble her. Perhaps it was just wishful thinking, one more tenuous thread of connection for him to desperately grasp at, knowing that he had so few connections at all. He had named this alter ego of his, Lilian, in honour of her (but also because it was ruddy difficult to think of a girl's name, and he certainly wasn't going to go by Harriet, or anything like that). But whether or not Harry's other face (and other body) had a name didn't really matter. No one knew of Lilian. Not Ron. Not Hermione. Nobody. Lilian was his secret, his opportunity to be someone ordinary, to merely be another face in Hogwarts' ancient halls. Lilian did not attend classes, did not watch Quidditch games, did not have friends or foes, did not have to think about the Triwizard Tournament. Lilian was free . And it had been startlingly easy for him to adjust to sometimes being a girl. After all, as a boy who had spent the first eleven years of his life living with in a cupboard, being treated like an indentured servant, being beat up by his cousin, being denied food, it was almost natural that he'd disconnect from his own body. It wasn't his body that could unlock the cupboard. It wasn't his body that offered any reprieve. No, it was his mind, his imagination where he had found his escape (until the Hogwarts acceptance letter and Hagrid came along). The strangest thing about being a girl was his hair (always swinging everywhere, getting in his mouth), his gait (it was weird , walking without his bits between his legs), and his voice. There was something utterly disconcerting about the boyish voice in his head transmuting into the girlish voice coming from his mouth whenever he transformed. Mostly, he tried not to speak. He did not change into Lilian very often. Only when being Harry Potter became too much. -o- Harry had been afraid that once he ran away from Snape, the other man would follow. In fact, the professor needn't have even followed - he needed merely to raise his wand and utter a spell, in low and lazy tones ( Petrificus Totalus , Stupefy, Locomotor Mortis, Colloshoo, Immobulus, Incarcerous - really, there was a world of possibilities). This didn't occur to Harry until later, of course, once he was ensconced in his four poster bed, curtains drawn, while his pulse slowed, his skin cooled, and his mind gradually reasserted itself (admittedly not very effectively), as Ron's worried voice called out: "Harry? Mate? Is everything all right?" He must have made the proper excuses because Ron eventually left him alone. His mind had been very busy dousing the flames of his emotions ('What if he knew? What if he takes away House points? What if I'm expelled? Oh god, I'm doomed!') The efforts of his logic had been rather piddling, so that no matter how many times he reminded himself that no one knew of Lilian's connection to him, his fears would charge over his reasoning, stomping about with all the care of an overwrought dragon. It wasn't until after a night of fitful sleep, and nebulous dreams about dungeon bats, that he could really think. That, and the fact that Snape had paid him no heed when Harry had slunk into the Great Hall for breakfast, eyes smudged with darkness, and lips pulled in a grim line, the face of a boy walking towards the gallows. It had been Harry's intention to act as inconspicuously as possible, head down and focused on his rashers of bacon and his toast. He hadn't intended to cast surreptitious glances towards the High Table (which seemed like tempting disaster, but the Gryffindor in him was too strong). But because Harry had been peeking towards the High Table, because he was studying Snape the way a circumspect buck might study a lone wolf, he noticed certain details that might have escaped his attention, had he been his usual self (talking Quidditch or classes with Ron and Hermione, or scowling at Malfoy's smirks). For one, Snape looked as exhausted as Harry was, the circles under his eyes stark against pallid skin, his black hair shadowing his face more than usual, shroud-like and gloomy, and if not for his obtrusive nose, he would have made a passable dementor. For another, he did not carry his usual aura of sharpness, the sort of feeling that gave one the sense that nothing went unnoticed. And finally, Snape's eyes looked hollow, for lack of a better word (though Harry hoped it was merely his imagination, that he couldn't possibly be seeing that emptiness past Snape's greasy curtain of hair). If Snape couldn't fully pass as a dementor, then he at least looked like a man who had been kissed by one. And once Harry fully shed all the worries he felt for his own skin, he was able to step back from his situation, and really consider it. 'Lily,' Snape had said. Lily. It hadn't been Lilian. It hadn't been 'Lily?' it was just 'Lily.' He had even said it twice, and while Harry might have brushed off the first utterance of the name, he couldn't brush off second. A shiver rippled down his spine, and the more he considered it, the more perturbed felt. For a moment, he considered mentioning the bizarre encounter to Ron and Hermione. Ron's convictions about Snape (so very like his own had been - no, still were) would surely right his sense of imbalance. Hermione's level-headedness and quick reasoning would have already offered a list of rationalizations for Snape's strange behaviour, or at least there would be promises of research. But as soon as the thought crossed his mind, he struck it out. If he were to tell them about his encounter, he would have to tell them about Lilian as well, and that was something he was still unwilling to share. Having the support of his friends would be nice, but he didn't need them for everything, and especially not for this. Lily, he had said. It meant that Snape had known his mother. But of course, with the way Snape spoke of his father, it shouldn't have been a surprise that he would know his mother as well, only, Snape never spoke of his mother before, had he. Of course, they must have known each other while they were at Hogwarts,