AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story has a minor AU element: Takes place in the fall of Hogwarts Year Six, but Draco has not received the Dark Mark or his tasks as he canonically did the previous summer. (Guess what's coming.) I borrow these characters and their world from J.K. Rowling, with love and gratitude in my heart. Blackness. Draco held his right palm up, a small flame tickling the edge of his skin as the charm worked to maintain the little light. This was a much more practical technique than the last time he had detention with Potter in the Forbidden Forest back in Year One. Then, he was forced to encumber himself with a heavy, clunky lantern. That thing had been bigger than his head; how could he have properly defended himself and maintained visibility if the need for swift action arose? Of course, Hagrid never thought these things through; and at the time, Draco didn't know the advanced spells that would provide him with alternatives. Despite the flame charm, which was not only elegant but freed his wand for any additional casting he may require, the entire forest was just as he remembered. Blackness. Draco had always been scared of this place. Not that he'd admit it. But still, there were so many rumours…There were whispers that the Dark Lord himself hid here back in their first year. Who knows what else calls this place a refuge? "Plan to run screaming like a bitch again, Malfoy?" Draco snarled at him. "As I recall, you were the idiot who didn't know when to keep silent—" " I couldn't keep silent?!" "—and instead made this massive fuss about your stupid scar and drew the monster's attention straight at us. Any sane wizard would have run." Draco scanned Harry derisively. "Case in point." Harry rolled his eyes. "Please. You still don't know what really happened that night. It's so sad." "I know what happened that night-you almost got us killed. Going to try for an encore?" "Let's just get everything on McGonagall's stupid list and get out of here." Harry never thought he'd piss off his Head of House so severely that she'd actually send him to the Forest again. Not when she knew the truth about his last experience in here… "It'd go faster if we split up and were each looking for only some of the stuff on our own," he suggested. "Sure," Draco said as smoothly as he could. "Since it's your fault we're in this mess, we'll split it up 20-80, with you taking all the nasty stuff in the top 80." Draco smirked as he saw the fury flashing in Potter's eyes. "I am not taking eighty percent of our combined detention!" "Fine. 25-75, my gift to you. But you owe me." He smiled sweetly over his shoulder at Potter. "What's the matter, Malfoy? Scared to go it alone all night? Want me to hold your hand?" "Fuck you." And so they continued on together, searching out the items McGonagall had stabbed across the parchment, splotches of ink sprayed in harassment. "I can't even read this. Malfoy, move that light closer." Draco puffed up indignantly. He was not sharing his fire charm with Potter on command. "There's this thing called 'Lumos'. Even the first years have figured it out. Do it yourself." Potter rolled his eyes. "Why are you so bloody difficult? Lumos. " "Just because I don't babysit you like Granger, doesn't mean I'm difficult." Draco hated how petulant he sounded at that. Distracted, he stumbled over a risen root. Potter snickered at him before turning to squint at the parchment. "-What does this even mean?! 'Esurio tumulus'?" Harry asked, struggling over the Latin. "Roughly means 'the hungry earth'. Quicksand." "Why can't she just write 'quicksand'…" Harry muttered, irritated and embarrassed. "Because despite her unfortunate House affiliations, she's not a complete plebian," Draco retorted. Harry glared at him. "You are such a stuck up little shit sometimes." "Only sometimes?" Draco asked in mock innocence, raising his eyebrows. Harry ignored him. "How the hell are we supposed to fetch her quicksand?! The minute we remove it, it just becomes sand and water. It's not quicksand anymore after that. Not really. And how are we supposed to even get it out?! It's…well, quicksand. Kinda hard to move in it." Draco shrugged, a fluid dismissal from one shoulder. "Perhaps if you went and dry-drowned in a patch, she would realize the error of her ways and release me from the burden of figuring it out for the both of us." "That's only in movies." "What?" "You can't actually submerge fully in quicksand." "Who told you that, muggles?" Draco said jokingly. Harry glared at him. "Yes," he said defiantly. "You're actually citing 'muggle expertise' at me, Potter?!" Draco laughed. "Do you really think the things that muggles teach you will be applicable in the Forbidden Forest?" To his delight, his little fire showed Potter's face getting red. "That's right," Draco said, voice slow and overly accommodating, condescension building thick on every word. "You can't submerge in quicksand. And centaurs aren't real. And magic is just pretend." "She's listed twelve items," Harry ground out. "We find these, we go back, we're done." Draco impatiently held his hand out. "Give it here." Potter looked at him curiously and handed the parchment over. Draco read through it carefully; most of it was "team-building exercise" type items. How terribly obvious. He snorted. "Alright, these are tricky, but with two people they should be doable. I think we should start with the Moss Pilgrims," Draco said. Harry nodded, grateful that Malfoy knew what the hell that was and was finally willing to cooperate. A shriek, followed by a sickening crunch, bloomed in the air. Draco jumped, eyes wide in fear. Harry's eyes narrowed in focus, trying to figure out where the sound came from. "Don't you dare go after it," Draco whispered, catching the look in Harry's eye. "…it sounded like something was hurt—" "That's how wild creatures eat or maintain dominance. Let them be." A high pitched, desperate keening; a growling, snuffling sound. "It's definitely hurt," Harry said, moving towards the sound with his wand out. "No! Stop," Draco grabbed Harry's cloaked arm and spun the boy to face him. "We aren't here for them. We have a job to do. C'mon…" Harry jerked his arm out of Draco's grasp. "You can wait here if you want. I'll be right back." Draco sighed as he watched Potter dash through the stones and shadow, towards the monsters that gave this forest its name. "If I get hurt, you are finding ALL the items yourself," he muttered as loudly as he dared while pursuing danger. Harry turned around and grinned at him. Draco tried to look pissed off in turn, but couldn't quite manage it when seeing Potter smile at him like that. It simply took his breath away. He quickly shook off the strange feeling and concentrated on not getting eaten alive. "Nox," Harry whispered. "Get rid of the fire, it'll see us coming a mile away." "It'll still hear us, with your not-so-stealthy trampling," Draco muttered but complied. He halted when the light disappeared; he could barely see two feet in front of him. All that existed now were minutely differing shades of black. A small wind blew through the trees, and Draco had to fight the urge to jump at every movement caught in the corners of his eyes. He couldn't believe how rapidly Harry could navigate the darkness. Draco was moving as fast as he could, but he was constantly on the lookout to avoid rocks, roots, holes, brambles, burning mist, and fairie rings. Not to mention the random pools of quicksand. Maybe Harry just didn't care. It would be just like him to break his ankle and martyr himself. Why am I following this pillock again?! Something snarled at his feet as he ran past, and Draco's wand arm twitched back to the sound on pure reflex. Because if I don't follow, I'm left alone in the Forest. The idea had been one of his worst nightmares since that detention in Year One. He did not fancy the idea of willingly fulfilling it. He forced himself to hurry even further. He saw Harry stop just up ahead in front of a small clearing. Draco rushed to his side; the edge of the clearing sloped beneath them like a shallow bowl. Near the opposite edge two figures could be seen in the spikes of moonlight that penetrated the clearing. The first, a skinny girl, maybe fourteen, with skin the colour of limes and long golden welts clawed across her body, her left knee broken, trying to drag herself across the forest floor; and the second, a man with the body of a heavyweight wrestling champion covered in tawny fur with black spots, playing with his prey. "Impedimenta!" Harry cast; but he barely got the first syllable out before the creature had whipped his head around to glare at them. By the end of the curse, he disappeared. Harry's hex dissolved into the grass where the creature had been seconds before. "What the—" Harry stopped short. The creature reappeared instantly about a foot away from its original spot, still guarding its prize. It stood seven feet tall, and had the head of a hyena. It bore its fangs and growled, a viscous gold fluid oozing from around its jaws. The same substance was leaking from the victim's leg and cuts. Draco was the first to recover. "Stupefy!" But the creature disappeared again. "How is it doing that!? You can't Apparate on Hogwarts grounds!" Harry snarled. "We can't," Draco grimaced. "But house-elves can. And so can this thing." It reappeared and disappeared in rapid succession three times in random spots throughout the clearing, taunting them, testing them, gauging their reactions. Draco and Harry shot multiple curses at it, each failing their mark. Draco was scanning the clearing for where it might next reappear. "That thing's faster than a snitch!" Harry stole a glance at Draco. "Bet I curse it before you." Draco looked back at Harry, and saw him smiling with recklessness and joy. He was suddenly grinning back. "You're on." " Watch out!" the girl—the boy?—the green youth on the ground screamed at them. The hyena-man reappeared behind them and lunged forward, claws slashing across Draco's back. "No!" Harry screamed. The Slytherin stumbled partially down the slope from the force and pain, voice caught in his throat from shock. He quickly turned to face the onslaught, wand out and shaking from adrenaline and fear. Harry cast the blasting curse, but it dodged neatly aside. It pivoted to face Harry, and both Draco and Harry tried to hex it but it disappeared. It reappeared almost nose-to-nose with Harry and grabbed him by the throat before he could react. It pinned Harry to a tree by his throat and squeezed , laughing in that disturbingly other-worldly way hyenas have. Harry felt his vision swimming when he heard "Incarcerous!" The hand suddenly released him, and the creature was completely bound and fallen to the ground. It disappeared, leaving the conjured ropes limp in the grass. Harry was gasping for breath. He looked up at Draco and whispered, "Good shot." Draco prickled at this. Good shot, except for the part where it was useless and now the thing got away. "Fuck you, it should have bound his magic as well as his limbs-" "No, I meant it," Harry croaked quickly, his voice box bruised. "You were fast." Draco huffed. Speed and aim meant nothing when you chose the wrong spell. Draco cursed himself for screwing it up. The hyena-man reappeared laying flat to the ground behind Draco, grabbed the boy's ankle and jerked it back. Draco fell face first, barely breaking his fall with his hands in time. The beast, laughing manically, reared over him with both arms brought up to slash down and maul when Harry