Hi everyone. I know a lot of people were asking for a sequel (or none at all!), but I was actually working on this in tandem with The Spectator, and after some thought, decided to share it. If you haven't read The Spectator, please read that before this one—it would make more sense. A sequel is a possibility, although not right away. Let me know if you liked this! Reviews are appreciated. :D Gravity Is Quiet Scorpius Malfoy was missing. For awhile, Rose tried to pay attention in class. Professor Binns was providing his embellished version of the First Wizarding War, and the topic was likely to be set as their next essay topic. Yet every few minutes her eyes wandered to the seat just in front of her, conspicuously empty of her friend's tousled blond hair. Most of the class knew how disruptive Scorpius could be around Rose. She couldn't help but think about how Scorpius liked to lean his chair back against her desk in this class and make fun of Professor Binns' fogey accent. They had a thousand silly conversations under their breaths, sending each other notes about their potionmaking exploits in shorthand. Occasionally, they would simply look at each other. And Rose knew, too, how distracting they were to each other. There was nothing to be done. His absence, it seemed, had the same effect on her. It was not like Scorpius to miss class, but Rose hadn't seen him in the Great Hall for a few days. He didn't show up for their usual Potions session that afternoon either, which was oddest of all. Her mind wandered then, over to the specifics of the draught they'd been working on the past week. When they had begun on the Mopsus Potion, it had seemed like an impossible task. Vard Mopsus, the old master who had concocted the brew that promised temporary Seer-like abilities, had been careless in his recording. Rose was confident she could simplify his convoluted process—she had long discovered her forte in potions was in her systematic understanding of brewing and its methods. But her progress was halted by Vard Mopsus' incomplete list of ingredients, which was where Scorpius came in. He had an excellent memory, and was a walking index of potionmaking ingredients. She needed his help to figure out the missing components. Which brought Rose back to the problem at hand. Scorpius Malfoy was missing. "Rose?" Rose started slightly to see Albus grinning at her, his dark hair unkempt and glasses askew. It was alarming, even to her, how much he resembled her uncle. But, unlike Harry Potter, Albus had a decidedly carefree disposition, his amicable expression unhindered by the trials of a war, but rather nurtured by an abundance of adoration. Albus waved a hand in front of her face. It took Rose a few blinks to return to the present, where students were already sweeping up their books and filing out of the classroom. Albus watched her gaze flicker back to Scorpius' empty seat. He seemed somewhat amused. " Rosie. Class has ended." She felt her cheeks burn. "Yes, I—of course—" "You got it, didn't you? The Ministry Open House letter?" "Yes." She said this with some reluctance, and Albus beamed at her before being led away by his group of boisterous friends. Rose watched them go, her thoughts cloudy. Her friend, Celeste Warnog, was waiting for her by the door, a knowing look on her face. "Look," she said, nodding towards the hallway, "You can still catch him if you hurry." "Scorpius?" Rose said stupidly. Celeste gave her a half-exasperated laugh. "Zabini. Go. " Rose mouthed her thanks as she stumbled out onto the hallway. Tarquin Zabini cut an intimidating figure, and, to most people, served as the counterpoint to Scorpius' endearing enthusiasm. When Rose caught up to him, he confirmed her suspicions quickly. "The Ministry Open House invitation? Yeah. He didn't get one." Zabini looked somewhat uncomfortable broaching the subject. "It's not really his fault, just…" "Oh." Rose's earlier anxiety was compounded by this knowledge. Every year, the invitation to the Ministry Open House was extended to the top students in fifth year, and was aimed at recruiting Hogwart's best for coveted roles in the Ministry. Rose had gotten her letter, of course. As did Albus. But not Scorpius, apparently. He clearly didn't expect one, considering his family history, but Rose had been so sure. While both Rose and Albus were conventionally book smart, it was no secret, especially among their professors, that Scorpius was uncannily brilliant at everything he put his mind to. She clutched at her book bag, her mind racing for alternatives. She could write her mother, tell her it's a mistake, ask for special permission—surely the Ministry couldn't say no to inviting Scorpius if Hermione Granger-Weasley vouched for him… Tarquin was studying Rose's crestfallen expression, and his usually aloof demeanor gave way to the smallest of smiles. Whether or not she knew it, Rose had that effect on people. "Well," he said finally, breaking the silence, "he's moping about it in the dorms. If you'd like, I'll let him know you want to see him." Rose brightened at this, looking up to Tarquin as though she just remembered he was there. "Would you really? It's just… he hasn't shown up for our Potions workshops either." "Follow me." They walked together toward the dungeons, where the Slytherin common room was located. It got increasingly chilly as they approached the entrance. "Wait here," Tarquin said crisply, disappearing into a passageway behind stone walls. Rose let out a small puff of white air, trembling slightly at the dip in temperature. A few Slytherin girls passed her, watching her curiously. She felt her cheeks heat up at the attention. It was about fifteen minutes before the stone walls opened up once more, this time revealing sleepy-looking Scorpius, his cotton shirt rumpled and hair tousled. His eyes were red-rimmed, and he looked paler than ever. For a moment, he blinked at her, as though his eyes were adjusting to the light, before quirking a warm smile. "Rose," he said blearily. She was not impulsive by nature, yet she couldn't hold back; she threw her arms around her best friend, hugging him so tightly that he stumbled backwards. "Whoa, hey, not that I'm complaining," he said, fondness lacing his words. "Tarquin told me you needed to see me. You alright?" Rose merely nodded. She couldn't explain the heaviness in her chest as she held him, nor the overwhelming ache she felt at the sight of his smile. Scorpius rested his cheek against her hair, his fingers lingering in the red strands as he rocked her gently. Even now, she had the distinct feeling that he was comforting her instead. "Don't look so sad," he murmured, pressing a kiss on her temple. "Whatever it is, it'll be alright." Rose swallowed, the words she planned to say now lodged within the lump in her throat. She had never hoped so hard for something to be true. She wanted the world to be alright for Scorpius. Scorpius pulled away then, tweaking her nose gently. "Come with me," he said. She had never been inside the Slytherin dungeon. Rose was used to a cheery fireplace and invitingly squashy armchairs. The Slytherin common room, however, exuded a more glacial grandeur, forgoing the signature warmth of the Gryffindor common room. It was sombre and chilly, and less raucous than she was used to. The Slytherins were a generally taciturn bunch, and most of them immersed themselves in quiet conversation or a bit of reading. A few of them glanced up coolly at her as she followed Scorpius past luxurious chaise longues upholstered by crushed velvet, chairs and tables embellished with ornate skull carvings. Around them, antique lamps hung midair, posing a sinister green glow across the dungeon. Outside the dusky windows, odd water creatures of the Great Lake glided past at leisure, peering through the glass with gleaming, beady eyes. Scorpius reached for her hand, and she found herself walking down a narrow flight of stairs, coming to a series of doors. Scorpius pushed open the one closest to them, and led her in. The dormitory was dimly lit and quiet, with the only sounds coming from the swishing of the lake. Across the room, she recognised Fabius Fawley, the Keeper for the Slytherin Quidditch Team. Parchments with markings were strewn across his bed; he seemed to be in the midst of studying tactics for the next game. He nodded politely at Rose—gentleman that he was—before raising an eyebrow at Scorpius and discreetly shifting in his spot so he wasn't looking directly at his friend's bed. From a distance, she could hear Tarquin humming monotonously—perhaps from the shower. The thought made her blush. Scorpius shot Rose a rakish grin, kicking off his shoes and patting the spot beside him. His bed was unmade; she supposed he must have spent the past few days holed up in the dorm. He yanked the curtains shut, murmuring a Silencing Charm before tossing his wand towards the end of the bed. Then, wordlessly, he pulled Rose down beside him and engulfed her in a hug, his nose in her hair. Despite the frigidity of the dormitory, Scorpius' embrace was heated, her entire being thawing against his fervent hold. She closed her eyes as he buried his face her shoulder, his breaths warm against her neck. His presence was hypnotic; Rose felt a familiar flutter in her stomach as they came nose-to-nose, his grey eyes locked on her blue ones. The dim light of the room couldn't hide his pallid complexion and dark eye circles. He looked exhausted, and the sight hurt her. She reached out and touched his cheek, her fingertips delicate against his skin. Without thought, he rested his hand gently over hers. "I haven't been seeing you in the Great Hall," Rose murmured. "Have you been skipping meals?" Scorpius smiled; there was a manic quality in his gaze. "Were you looking?" "Maybe." "I haven't much of an appetite lately," he admitted, his voice quiet. "Sit with me at lunch tomorrow," she said. "Will you feed me?" he teased. "As long as you eat." Scorpius scrunched up his nose. "What if they serve that awful shepherd's pie again?" "Then we'll steal something else from the kitchens. You're such a brat." He hummed with laughter, propping himself up on one elbow and leaning in to kiss her jawline. "I'll eat whatever you want me to. Even runny shepherd's pie." "Please, Scorpius. Be good to yourself. Promise me you will." His smile was cheeky, but it didn't quite reach his eyes. "I rather you be good to me." She cradled his face gently in her hands. He closed his eyes, as though relishing her warmth. "I'm going to talk to mum," she said softly. "Scorpius, you're one of the brightest students in our year. The Ministry Open House… you deserve to be there." He said nothing for a long moment. "Tarquin told you?" "I asked." "Rose, my love." He smiled wryly then, catching her fingers in his. "Don't trouble your mother. Honestly, it's not the thing I'm most upset about." He shifted slightly, reaching under his pillow to pull out a folded piece of parchment. Rose recognised the crest of Puddlemere United. Scorpius' favourite Quidditch club. There was sinking feeling in her stomach. "My childhood team, you know?" Scorpius' voice had cracked slightly, and Rose could tell it affected him deeply that the club he loved had refused him. "When I was a kid, I begged my parents for season tickets. They wouldn't buy me one—my parents are stubborn Falmouth fans—so I saved up over three summers to afford it. Never missed a game since. Stuck through the trophy-less seasons. Stayed to cheer even when we were getting humiliated by the Harpies." He stared blankly at the letter. "So. This one hurt more." All her life, Rose's Quidditch-playing cousins were inundated