Pairing: Paul/Bella Genre: Humor, Drama, Romance Rating: MA Summary: Four years ago, Bella left. What happens when the Pack runs into her at a café in Seattle? What will happen when they find out she isn't alone? Or that Paul has now imprinted on the Leech Lover? Beta/Pre-Readers: none Completed Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Jared's POV We walked into the café that was located in the center of the shopping center to await our females and their big venture into Seattle's shopping district. I was bored waiting and decided to have a coffee to try and stay awake. The guys were talking about the recent spike in vamp activity around the rez and what could be causing it. "All I'm saying is last month we had no sightings and now it's like they all want to show up and party." Jake pointed out. He had finally accepted everything four years ago when his friend, the leech-lover, Bella left. They were all discussing it now when a familiar smell tickled my senses. My eyes roamed the shop only to land on the source that was a young woman with long mahogany hair. She was sitting with a native guy. I strained my hearing to listen to what they were saying. "Shut it, Lahote. You think you're God's gift to women, but in reality you're just an egotistical asshole." She said as we all turned to look at a confused Paul. "Oh come off it, Swan. You know you want me. Just give me a chance to prove to you that you'd love it." He said cockily. The way this guys talks was just like Paul. "Nah uh, last time I went somewhere with you and Uley, I ended up in some weirdo's house surrounded by fucking clowns. I still think Uley and Black micked me." She said with finality. We looked to Jake and Sam, who looked just as confused as Paul was. "Ah, come on. It's just a club downtown. It's not gonna hurt your precious GPA…it's a weekend." He deadpanned as she turned her head sideways to look away from him. That's when her features hit me…it was Bella. "You know I've got your back girl. And besides it wasn't that bad, well until Clearwater showed up. Then I never got you back. How could you choose Baby Clearwater over me? He's only nineteen. He doesn't look half as good as I do." "He may not, but he's good lookin all on his own and he knew exactly what he was doing. Something you couldn't master in all the years I've known you Lahote." She said in a dreamy sigh. Then all of our heads turned to Seth, who shrugged and smiled. "What about Cameron?" He asked and they all turned to me. I just took a page outta Seth's book and shrugged. "Nah, he's too lean for me. I mean he has the muscle, but not the mass." She said as if thinking about it. "Ateara? Call? Fuller? Littlesea? One of them has to be better than Clearwater." He said listing our last names. Our eyes roamed from one another then back to the couple. "Ateara's a perv, but he's all talk. Call is too shy and sweet for me. Fuller's too young as is Littlesea."She said giggling. "Besides, Zach knows exactly what I like." "That leaves me, Uley and Black." He said smartly. "One: Uley has a woman. Two: Black is just a straight up asshole. Three: You are too much of a player for me. So I think I'll stick with Zach for now, Honey." She listed as he looked like she just kicked his puppy or his nuts. "Ah come on, girl. Anyone is better than Clearwater." He said smoothly. "Anyone, but you." She said laughing. "Come on, we gotta go before the anti-underwear brigade decides to follow us here." "Seriously, that's what you call us?" He asked amused. "Of Course, let me see, Riley; there's you, Levi, Ray, Zach, Anthony, Chuey, Jonathon, Jason and Casey…that do not believe in a wonderful product called underwear. In Jon's words 'They itch too much to wear them.' Did I leave anything out?" She said as she listed off one of my cousin's name. Riley chuckled as he shook his head. "I suppose you're right. Now milady Belle are you ready to head home or has the fair maiden changed her mind?" He asked raising his eyebrow. "I think I am gonna head on home. You can go ahead and go to your party. I've got a deadline on a paper for next week." She said smiling to him as they stood up to get ready to leave. "Yo Ry." Paul yelled out jerking us all out of surprise. They both looked over to us and she froze. "Fuck." She muttered as Riley looked sideways at her. She discretely looked away and started to walk off. "Lahote, I'm goin to go ahead and take a cab to the house. I'll see you later on tonight. Tell Zach I said hi. Tell Chuey he needs to come to the house tonight so I can tutor him in his math." She said as she took off out the door quickly. Riley shook his head and turned back to our table. "You listen and you listen good, all of you. I know you can hear my by the way you're all staring at me. Look anywhere but at me, please. Thank you. Just listen. I know how she knew all of you, but if you take one step in her direction you'll have not only me, but a whole pack on your asses. Unlike ya'll we have come to love her for who she is. Since none of you could accept her the way she is and you like to keep secrets keep this in mind…do not contact her in any way, shape or form. I'm sure Black would do you all in heartbeat if he found out about this little gathering and the way she looked so broken. It took us a whole year to get her the way she is now. Have a nice life." Riley said as Sam lowered himself a little more, it had been his order that was made to not let her know what we were. "She used to date a leech. You have nothing against that?" Paul asked looking out the window toward her form in the cold. "It was a long time ago and the dreams of a naive little girl that didn't know any other way to live. Of course I don't hold it against her. I just wish she'd give me a chance to show her, but in her words we all have strikes against us…hell I dated a lot of women. So she dated a leech, did it ever occur to your fragile little minds that she didn't know until it was too late?" He asked and this time we all looked down at the table. "Didn't think so. Leave her be. She's ours and we don't take too kindly to those who make her feel inferior, when in fact she is stronger than most." With that he picked up his backpack and took off outside and the opposite way she was getting into a cab. She looked toward the big open window and locked eyes with Paul and they both froze. "I…I…imprinted." He stuttered out as Sam banged his head on the table. Riley's POV Wow…Levi and Ray are gonna kill me. I thought as I made my way toward the house that Ray and I occupied. I walked up the drive way by passing two cars and grimaced. This was gonna suck big donkey balls, I just knew it. Opening the door I saw the rest of the pack here as well. They all turned to me and I saw Chuey. "Chu, head on over to Bella's. She said she wanted to tutor you in math." I said as Chuey nodded and took off toward the garage, no doubt to use my bike. "Key's are on the hook." "What's up Ry. You look a bit pissed and wary." Ray said raising an eyebrow. I hated that look it gave me the fucking shivers. Damn Alpha blood. "Maybe it would be best to just show you." I said pushing the furniture out of the way as they all nodded and started to copy me. We phased and I replayed it all to them. Ray was pissed, I just knew it. Levi wasn't doing to better. Zach was so damn pissed I was about to cut off the connection. You will stay phased in. Ray said in his Alpha's voice. Dammit! Are they still in town? Levi growled out. I don't know. I had to come home to get something before heading on over there to sit with her in case they were gonna show up…I didn't know you were all here. I was gonna pick up Chu, on my way over there. As long as one of us is there she should be fine. I said as they all nodded in agreement. You should have just gone with her in the first place dumbass. Zach replied. Shut it, little pup. The grown-ups are talking. I said as he growled at me. How cute, puppy. Both of you shut it! Ray ordered as we grew silent. Zach head on over to Bella's and set up for a while. While these idiots are in town we're gonna keep round the clock guard on her. She's gonna hate it, but we'll explain why and she'll be fine. We keep nothing from her, understood? We all nodded and knew we couldn't keep it from her anyway. There's just something about Swan that makes you want to share it all with her. Entertaining yourself, Ry? Anthony snickered as I shoved into him. Let's all head on over. Lee, tell Teela to bring some food and we'll eat at Bella's. Ray suggested and Levi nodded. We phased back and got dressed. We were about to leave when we heard a car pull up. Ray's POV "That's them, Black." Riley said as we watched nine men stepped out of the huge SUV. "They're family." "Not mine." I sneered as they all looked up, but sure enough there was my idiotic cousin, Jacob, standing there. "Ray, we just want to talk." Jacob said putting his hands up. "About what, Jacob?" I asked letting my face settle into a hard mask. I looked over to Levi, who was looking at one of the taller men. "Sam." Levi said in a monotone voice. "Levi." Sam said back. "Okay now we all know that we're fuckin' kin, can you dipshits get down to business? And explain to us what the fuck you're doing here?" Zach growled out. Yeah, when he was away from Bella he was really grumpy. "What's your name boy?" Jacob asked as Zach turned to silent ask permission. I nodded. "Zach Clearwater. What's it to you?" He asked. "Never mind that. Zach get on over to Bella's and see if she can make that fuckin' Lasagna of hers. She'll do it for you." Riley whined. "Damn Lahote. Don't you ever think about anything but food and sex?" Casey groaned out. "Just shut up." "You better watch yourself, Fuller. I'll fuckin' take you down like a whore on cheap Tuesday." Riley growled. I shook my head. "Shut up all of you. Zach get to Bella's. Lahote, shut the fuck up for once. Casey enough." I ordered and they all obeyed. Zach took off toward his bike and sped away, flipping everyone off. Anthony, Jonathon and Jason just stood there staring at their kin folks. "Seriously