It's been a year since I've been home, back to the Quileute reservation of La Push, Washington. My name is Bella Black a cousin of Billy Black. But also cousin to one, Nicole Swan, I am Charlie Swan's niece. Sam Uley, Maria Dark-Horse and I were the best of friends; the three of us grew up together. A year ago I left to get the scars on my back reduced, and the only place that seemed to be able to get the huge scars to disappear was in Tokyo, Japan. So now here I am pulling up to my Uncle Charlie's home in Forks, WA. Walking up the steps I hear someone shuffling toward the door. I listened as I heard the doorknob creak as it twisted and watched as the door came open to reveal a middle-aged man with graying hair standing in front of me. "Uncle Charlie." I acknowledged the man. His eyes lit up as he saw it really was me, an overwhelming emotion overtook him and he picked me up in a huge hug. "Bella, I'm glad you're back and just in time too. I was getting ready to go to La Push to see Billy." I smiled softly when he spoke of Billy. I was missing my cousin something awful. So I offered to drive and he accepted. Our drive to La Push was in silence and great respect for each other's privacy. He never did question me, unless he thought I was in danger. Even then he asked minimal questions to stay the awkwardness that would probably come from prying into someone else's life. As soon as the small red home came into view, my body shivered in anticipation at the thought of seeing my cousins. Nic and Billy, regardless of age I saw Billy as my cousin not an elder of my tribe. I was never around his kids only him, so when Rachel and Rebecca had came across me asleep in their living room one morning they didn't know what to think. I'm sure Rachel would have woken me up if not for their dad sitting at the kitchen table calmly eating his breakfast. I've seen them from afar, but not spoken to them. The same goes with his youngest, Jacob. The boy seems to be just that, a boy. So I opted to not get involved in their lives, yet I kept in touch with Billy. I am two years older than Sam, but only a year older than Maria. I pulled out of my musings by my uncle nudging my in the ribs with his elbow as he nodded his head in the direction of Billy sitting in the doorway. "Hey Billy." I said as I gave him a bright smile and hugged him. "Bella, how have you been?" Billy asked eyeing me with great detail. I shrugged as I answered, "Good, surgery went well. But it is good to be home finally. Is my house still standing?" "Yes, it is. Sam has been taking care of it for you. He believed you would be home soon enough." Billy said smiling. "You didn't say anything, did you?" "No. You were the only one I told I was coming home. Uncle Charlie got a surprise. Now where is my cousin Nic at?" I asked looking to Billy. "In the garage around back with Jacob." Billy said nodding his head toward the side of the house. "I'll go get her." Charlie said walking away. When I was sure he was out of earshot I asked the question I had been dying to ask. "How many else?" "Five so far, Jacob was the last. We're hoping that he's the last, but Quil is starting to show signs as well." Billy said gravely. I nodded solemnly as we heard feet shuffling back toward us. I turned and my eyes zoomed in to Nic's and I smiled warmly to her. She took a second before recognition crossed her features and she smiled a smile so bright I thought her face might crack. "Bella!" She squealed as she launched herself on me as I caught her and hugged her close. "I can't believe you're home. Finally you're back." "I know, baby cousin. I know. Come we need to take a walk and catch up." I said as we started down the worn path to the beach. I could hear Jacob's light footsteps behind us. When we got to the beach I turned making her stop dead in her tracks as she turned to face me. "Now, tell me what is really going on with you? That smile back there was the first real smiled you've had in a while. So tell me what happened." I said a bit harshly eyeing her. She put her head down and I watched as tears started to slide down her cheeks. "I put everything I had into our relationship, and he left me. Left me alone and didn't say anything, just that he didn't want me. I don't know how I'm supposed to move on from that." "Hush!" I barked making her jump back a bit. "Now you need to see what I see. You put yourself down every time. But you're stronger than anyone, especially you, gives you credit for. Now you know where I stand on this. You have no reason to hang onto someone who did not want you for some unknown, unrealistic reason. You are perfect as you are, Nicole. No one and I say this with all the feelings I can muster can make you feel like you are not perfect as you are. Do you understand?" Nic nodded and sniffled as more tears slid down her face. Whatever she was about to say was cut off by Jacob Black. "Who the hell do you think you are talking to her like that?" Jacob asked me pissed off. "None of your business, Black. She is my cousin; I can say what I must to get her to see what I see. You are part of this problem as well. Treating her as if she were glass, treating her as if she were fragile. She's stronger than you think, boy." I said sneering at the boy. "Daijoubu?" I asked looking at Nic. "Yeah, I'm alright." Nic said looking up as her tears dried up. "Jake quit it." "But she-" he started but got cut off. "No, she's right; I don't need to pine after someone who left me for no reason. I need to harden my shell a bit. I'm better now, thanks Bella. It was just what I needed." Nic said smiling genuinely. A deep male voice came booming from behind us and I froze. I know that voice. I faced the ocean as the voice said, "Nic, Jake, Sam needs you at his house." As the footsteps got closer my heart started to race. I looked to Nic, who had a smug smile on her face seeing the panic in my eyes. "Who's the girl?" The voice asked. "Oh, Um… Paul this is Bella Black, Bella this is Paul La-" Nic started, but got cut off. "Lahote." I finished turning around avoiding his eyes. "Bella?" Came Paul's smooth voice. "Look at me, please?" "No, I will not Paul." I said closing my eyes and turning my head. "You don't need me, from what I hear you have plenty of female's for you." "Please, Bella, just look me in the eyes." Paul's voice pleaded. "I got messed up when you left. I really did. When you left it felt like my whole world got ripped away from me. So will you please just look me in the eyes Bella?" Finally opening my eyes I looked him in the eyes and my world stopped. I felt a tug on my heart as his eyes were glazed over. He finally came over to me and pulled me into a hug. "I've missed you." He whispered into my hair as I hugged him back, letting a traitorous tear slip in the process. "Come on we've gotta get to Sam's." Paul said as we all took off down a path that led straight up to Sam's little cottage. I took in the changes that seemed to have happened as while I had been a way. Paul pulled me up the stairs and I watched as Nic sat on Jacob's lap as everyone was seated. I ran past Paul straight into Sam's arms. His instinctively came around me and I smiled. "Sammy, I've missed you." I said looking up to see a stunned expression on his face. "Bella!" Sam exclaimed as he twirled me around making me yelp in surprise. He set me down and we started laughing. "How have you been? You've been gone for a year!" "I had to go, Sam. I had to get them removed." I said as I pulled my shirt up on my back revealing four light scars on my back, not the deep gashes he had been used to seeing. "Just because I forgave you, didn't mean I still wanted them." "I see." Sam said smiling. "What happened?" Someone asked. "When Sam first phased, he was a major hothead. Well, when he first phased his did it in front of me, well, on me." Everyone turned to me looking shocked. "WHAT?!" Everyone exclaimed. "We were talking about the fight he had just had with Leah, when I said something about him being a jerk sometimes and he phased as I was walking away. His left paw got my back on its way down. The gashes used to be much worse than Emily's. That's why I left a year ago. I had to get them removed. It was a horrible memory and I didn't want to remember it. From what Billy told me and from what I remember about Sam's first phase, Paul's hot-headed moments are similar, but don't hold a candle to Sam's uncontrollable temper. Everything we said would set him off. It didn't even have to pertain to him, yet he would phase anyway. You owe me too, for that time you wrecked my living room and my new dining table." I said looking at everyone and settling in on a squirming Sam. "You kept saying we, who's we?" Paul asked. "That would be me." Came a female voice from the door way. My eyes lit up as I saw Maria standing in the doorway. I ran straight to her and Sam came to hug us both. "Finally you're both home. My world is now complete." Sam joked holding his heart. "Well if I could, I would rip it from you again, but seeing you so happy, nah it makes me want to slap you." Maria quipped as she and I started laughing at the mock-glare he was sending us. "Oh no, Ria, It's the hulk, he's back!" I squealed as Maria and I took off outside Sam chasing us. "You can run, but you can't hide." Sam said predatorily as he stalked us. "Oh I'm so scared I'm shaking in my jeans." I said laughing. "Sammy, Sammy, Sammy when will you ever learn?" Maria said as she pulled on a piece of rope that was next to her making Sam rise straight up in a net. Sam looked down at us in a glare from his spot about fifteen feet in the air. I looked to the porch to see all the guys laughing at Sam's predicament. The girls were falling over themselves laughing. "Shut up all of you. Maria! Bella! Get me down!" Sam whined making the guys laugh even harder. Their great Alpha was whining to two small women, who were doubled over laughing, to let him down. "Why is it every time you two are together I'm always ending up in a net or in a tree?" "Because you always fall for it. Don't blame us if you're too stupid to see a set up." Maria said pulling