Disclaimer: I think it's pretty obvious that I'm not JK Rowling. If I was, I wouldn't be publishing this on here, and the story we all love would have had a different ending… Anyway, this is the standard disclaimer that, no, I do not own the world and characters featured in this Harry Potter fanfiction, nor do I have permission to use them although I plead fair use under the fact that I'm using writing fanfiction as a way to perfect my craft and so this is educational, at a stretch :) Harry Potter, his story, and the settings and characters involved in it, are owned and trademarked by JK Rowling and the many licensors of her work. This is a strictly non-profit project and I have no money anyway so dragging me to court would be pointless… Quick Note about the Paths Series Welcome! Yes you read right, this is the first 'book' in a trilogy. As I write this, Path of Power is fully outlined and about a third is written. The two sequels - currently named Path of Revenge and Path of Greatness - have only short outlines and will only get written if you guys like this one and if I find the time. If anyone is willing to beta and/or act as a co-writer, feel free to drop me a message. Rating is T for mentions of violence and suggestive adult themes, as Fanfiction calls it. I am uncertain if I will upgrade the rating later on. It will depend on my mood once I get to the scenes I have planned. It's also up to you readers. If you all tell me you want to 'see' exactly what happens during those later scenes, or if you all tell me you don't want to, I'm willing to follow your wishes. You got time though. Things only turn really ugly in the later chapters. I hope you enjoy this. .:/*\:. The Great Hall was quiet, the only sounds heard those of cutlery clicking against plates as people ate their breakfast. Everyone had been subdued since the Final Battle. To be fair, that fateful day was only a week ago. Most of the combatants for the Light had elected to stay on when it became clear just how badly the castle had been damaged during the battle. With a sigh, Hermione Granger looked up to the stone ceiling above her head. Just one of the many things that needed to be fixed. She had always delighted in seeing the ever changing, magical ceiling of the Great Hall. But the charm had broken early on during the battle as the castle diverted magic to save power for the essentials, such as the foundations wards. Not much had been achieved in way of repairs right now. People were still grieving, and many were still wounded. Hermione had received some nasty cutting hexes. Coupled with the still healing scars from her encounter with Bellatrix Lestrange the previous month, she had only just been allowed out of the Infirmary herself. "Have you seen Professor Snape this morning?" Hermione turned slightly to face Neville as the young man took a seat beside her. "Yes. He seems to be doing better. Madam Pomfrey is optimistic." "Do you think that the Ministry will go ahead with his trial?" "I have no doubt about that," Hermione scoffed. "But they have a long and hard fight ahead of them if they intend to convict him. There's no way I'm letting him down this time." Neville nodded grimly beside her and Hermione nibbled on her toast some more. She watched as her friend helped himself to some breakfast. "So what are we supposed to do today?" "Whatever Minerva asks us to do, I suppose." Hermione glanced up at her old Transfiguration Professor. The older witch had taken over the leadership of Hogwarts for now while the Headmaster was in a coma. Hermione knew Minerva was adamant that this was only a temporary situation. She intended to hand over the reins to Professor Snape as soon as he was completely fit for duty. "Hey 'Mione!" Hermione smiled as she turned to see her best friend coming down her way. Harry Potter, Saviour of the Wizarding World, plopped himself down opposite her and grinned. She couldn't remember seeing him look as carefree or smile as much as he had done for the past week. "Where's Ron?" Harry's smile dimmed slightly. "Mr Weasley called last night to ask him and Ginny back to the Burrow. He's having a bit of trouble dealing with both George and Mrs Weasley, and running the house. He should come back here for breakfast though." Hermione nodded slowly. And as if summoned, Ron entered through the main doors, making a beeline for the empty seat to the left of Hermione. He gave her a quick kiss before he started to pile his plate with food. Having learned to not get in the way of her boyfriend's food over the years, Hermione simply smiled and ate another bite out of her own toast. Before any of them could start a new conversation, four owls made their way into the Great Hall and to their portion of the Gryffindor table. "Blimey! What are these now?" Hermione watched as one of the barn owls hopped on the table a few times, then extended a leg to her, the message attached bearing the seal of the Ministry of Magic. "Looks important enough," she muttered as she untied the letter then offered the owl the rest of her toast. Hermione quickly read through the letter. "They want me to go train to be an Auror!" Harry's exclamation was loud enough to garner the attention of the entire Great Hall. "Me too!" Hermione nodded to herself as she found the same offer had been made to her. A glance at Neville confirmed to her that he had received the same news. "Fast-tracked into Auror training, all of us! I suppose we do meet all the requirements, even if we haven't finished school…" "I suppose you're not going to accept, Hermione?" Harry's question was asked with a smile. Ron scoffed. "Of course not. Our Hermione will insist on finishing school, set the records for both the highest number of NEWTs taken at once and the highest marks in this century – perhaps even in the entire history of the school – and then she will go on to become the Minister of Magic while leaving all the grunt work to us." Hermione laughed along with her friends. Sometimes, it was nice to be able to forget what had happened over the last few years, and simply laugh yourself silly with your friends. "I hope you boys realize that, although you have been offered a place in training, you will still need to prove you can handle it." "Well, you can help plan our pre-training training, Hermione. I'm sure you'll have some color-coded charts whipped up for us in no time." Harry's quip started another round of laughter, and Hermione didn't mind at all. The Great Hall wasn't so quiet anymore, as people stood to congratulate the boys on their latest achievement. For a moment, Hermione could almost believe that this was the end of year feast, and Dumbledore had just announced that Harry, Ron, and Neville had won the House Cup for Gryffindor. "Congratulations. I'm quite proud of you all. Now Miss Granger, are you quite sure you won't take this offer?" Hermione turned to see that Professor McGonagall had joined the well-wishers. "Oh no, Professor. I've had quite enough of chasing Dark Wizards. I'd much prefer being stuck in an office all day. And I was still hoping to start an apprenticeship with you for my Seventh Year." Professor McGonagall chuckled. "Yes, I do remember you saying so back in your Fifth Year. Well, if you children haven't got anything to do until the beginning of July, Hogwarts would be grateful for any help you can give us to rebuild." "Of course, Professor. We aren't going to just leave the school like that." Harry, Ron, and Neville echoed her words and Professor McGonagall smiled gratefully. "I can only thank you on behalf of the school. If you boys are looking for a challenge to your strength, you can go find Professor Flitwick after breakfast. He will be starting on the external walls while the weather holds." The boys immediately started to wolf down the rest of their breakfast with a smile. "Hermione, if it's all right with you, Professors Babbling, Vector, and I would like your input on the problem of the wards. With your help, we hope to be able to put the Wards back up as quickly as possible." "Happy to help, Professor." "Now, please send replies back to the Ministry. It looks like those owls won't go anywhere without them." Hermione turned back to see that the barn owl was indeed waiting rather patiently by her plate, having finished the toast. Conjuring a quill, Hermione jotted down her answer and attached it to the owl's leg. "Safe journey back," she whispered to the bird as she gave it a small pat on the head. Hermione watched the owls take off then she turned back to her Professor. "When do you need me?" "Just come to the Head Office after breakfast." Hermione nodded and set about finishing the last of her eggs. As she stood to make her way to the Head Office, Ron stood as well. "Might as well walk you part of the way." Hermione smiled and threw a look at Harry and Neville, who suddenly found themselves in deep conversation. Boys, Hermione thought as she followed Ron out of the Great Hall. The two of them wandered the corridors up to the Third Floor in silence, just holding hands and enjoying the company without the threat of someone attacking them. "Would you be okay to come to the Burrow?" "When, Ron?" "Any time. I'm sure Mum would be happy to see you at some point." Hermione sighed. "Of course, I'll come. But Madam Pomfrey is still keeping me under observation. Apparently, she doesn't like the wound Bellatrix Lestrange gave me last month." Ron's right cheek jumped at the name of the now-dead witch. She had tortured Hermione for information a while back. And during the Final Battle, she had killed Fred and attempted to do the same with Ginny before Molly Weasley had stepped in to save her daughter and avenge her son. Ron leaned forward and gave Hermione a gentle kiss. "Just let me know when you're cleared and I'll arrange everything." Hermione nodded then watched as her boyfriend walked away. She still found it strange to think of Ron as her boyfriend sometimes. He had been one of her best friends since she was eleven. And sometimes she thought it might just be puppy love. But she was happy to be with him, even for all their differences. Shaking her head, Hermione turned to walk the rest of the way to the Head Office. The gargoyle supposed to be guarding the entrance had been one of the first thing repaired. As she approached, the stature smiled at her before it stepped aside. "The Headmistress is already waiting for you." Hermione smiled at the gargoyle and stepped onto the moving staircase. Less than a minute later, she was standing in the doorway of the Head Office, watching as Professor McGonagall and Professor Snape argued over their roles in the school. "I do not want to stay Headmaster." "But you are the Headmaster." "Not by Hogwarts' choice." "Oh, codswallop! If the school had not accepted you as Head, you would never have stepped into this office and you know it." "You will be a better Head than I would ever be." "But the fact remains that you lead the school, not I." Professor Snape grumbled something that Hermione could not quite catch, but Professor McGonagall obviously