Hello! As cliché as this is I really really wanted to make a story of my own and wanted to put my own kind of twist to it? Kind of.. Not so much. All well! Hopefully you all enjoy and to give you a heads up there is going to be maybe somewhat graphic torture... Maybe. Whatever my twisted mind can come up with... Let's begin shall we? :) Percy's Pov. I sat at my desk looking through paperwork that needed to be done by the end of the week... Well it would have been easier if I didn't have a bunch of children as my army "Zoë give it back!" Luke yelled running after Zoë whom currently was laughing her butt off "I shall not Luke, as you did not say please." Zoë said with a smirk Luke pouted "Please?" Zoë gave a thoughtful look and smirked "No." "Omega!" Oh right let's backtrack a little bit. I am Omega, and I used to be known as Perseus "Percy" Jackson.. That is until I was banished from Camp Half blood. *Flashback* "Hey Percy... Chiron wants to see you in the Big House" Nico announced walking into the Poseidon cabin I looked at Nico confused "Why does Chiron need to see me?" Nico frowned "The Gods are waiting for you on Olympus.. that's all he would tell me basically" I frowned... "Okay, wanna come with?" Nico shook his head "Chiron said that the Gods wanted to see you and that you should go alone." 'I wonder what's going on..' I thought as I made my way towards the Big House. When I got to the Big House I saw Chiron and Mr. D giving me concerned looks. "What's going on?" I asked cautiously "My dear Percy... You must make your way to Olympus at once, we mustn't make the gods angry." Chiron said with a pang of sadness? In his voice. When I got to Olympus I was met with the faces of all twelve Olympian Gods. I was about to bow, until Zeus stopped me. "Who do you think you are?" Zeus bellowed I was taken aback "I'm sorry?" "Don't try to play innocent you worthless Demigod" Athena roared, pure venom laced in her voice Percy's eyes darted across the room and he noticed that every God, with the exception of Hera, had a fixed glare on him. Especially Poseidon. "My lady.. I-I-I truly do not know what I could have done to have angered you however I do offer my sincere apologies-" "Ha! The punk says he's sorry what do you think about that, Athena?" Ares said with a smirk "I am disappointed Perseus... I expected better from you." Poseidon sighed My eyes darted all over the room "Perseus," Artemis began "I believed that all men were the same and that I might have changed my mind when I saw you, I thought wrong." "Can someone please tell me what's going on!?" I yelled exasperated "DO YOU BELIEVE THAT IT IS 'FUNNY' TO GO AROUND AND CHEAT ON MY DAUGHTER!?" Athena yelled I was shocked "I-what? But-" "Silence! Perseus Jackson it is one thing to do such a thing to anger a god, however lying to them is another case. I hereby pronounce you banished from Camp Half Blood, gather your things and leave. Never to return." Zeus stated Tears ran down my cheeks and before I could respond I was teleported back to camp. I stood in front of the Big House for a good five minutes processing everything until I finally got the strength to move to my cabin. Correction, the Poseidon cabin. While on my way. I heard whispers and people gave me dirty looks and some bothered to yell some of the harshest words I have ever heard. Guess what cabin they were from? When I got to my cabin I found a note that read the following: Perseus It has been a journey watching you complete your quests and to see what you have done at Camp. However what you have done is unforgivable and unacceptable as my son. Ex son. I am sorry but please leave Anaklusmos here and I wish you luck throughout out your journey out in the world. I wish you luck with the monsters, as you have survived eighteen years of life and you are much more valuable now. Have a good life. -Poseidon I let out a sob that I didn't even know I was holding and began to pack my bag, I didn't have many things here. Once I was done I put Riptide on the desk that I had and walked out of the camp borders I was on the streets for a full month before Chaos found me. I was settling in one of the nicer areas of the neighborhood, in one of the park benches at twelve in the morning until I heard a voice calling me I quickly stood up and groaned in pain. "Be calm my child, I mean you no harm." I slowly looked up and saw the one person who I wasn't expecting to see "Lord Chaos. What ever do I owe your presence?" I asked feebly Chaos gave me a look of sympathy "sit down Perseus. I know that you are in pain" I, obviously, did not object to the command "Perseus, I have been monitoring you for the past month or so and I do say my deepest condolences." I nodded softly. Not wanting to remember the events of the past couple of weeks "However, I have a proposition for you." I looked at Chaos confused "what is thy proposition?" Chaos chuckled softly "Percy, you do not have to speak so formally with me, however my proposition would be for you to be the leader, commander of my army." I looked at him with large eyes "I-I-" I stampeded but nodded "I would love to." Chaos smiled "Great! Welcome to a new life!" I smiled but I had one question on my mind "Lord Chaos, thank you... But why me?" Chaos sighed "Percy, it's just Chaos and because you have suffered enough. You deserve a better life" *end of flashback* "Omega? Are you dead?" Luke said poking me on the cheek I slapped his hand away and he shrieked in surprise "Luke, I'm fine. I was just thinking, what do you want?" I asked annoyance laced in my voice Luke squinted his eyes. "Very well. But Zoë took my sword!" I looked at Zoë "Really?" Zoë put her hands up in surrender "Thou was not there at breakfast to see thy practical joke that he pulled on me. I say that this was necessary" I sighed "Luke, what did you do?" "Nothing!" I glared at Luke "Okay... Um I might have made her pancakes with pepper? Nothing harmful!" I sighed again and ran my hands through my long hair "Zoë give Luke his sword back." Zoë gave me a look of shock "What!? but-" "Just give him the sword." Zoë grumbled and reluctantly gave Luke back his sword, in which Luke then proceeded to kiss and hug "What did the mean lady do to you?" Luke said stroking his sword Zoë rolled her eyes then glanced at me "Omega? Is there something wrong?" I shook my head "Do not lie to me Percy" I sighed "I have been having really bad headaches lately," I smiled softly "but nothing to worry about." Zoë opened her mouth to say something but got cut off to the doors of my office opening "Omega," Bianca greeted with a smile "Hello Bianca, how may I help you?" "Lord Chaos is requesting a meeting,saying that it is something urgent." I sighed and stood up."Very well, let's go then" "Lord Chaos" I greeted as I entered Chaos' pavilion that was only used for important meetings Chaos frowned. "Percy, you are in pain." Everyone turned to look at me worry in their eyes. "I'm fine... What is the meeting about?" Everyone took a seat and we began the meeting "Very well, I was observing Camp Half Blood and there is an evil that is going to take over the camp." Chaos began I stiffened when I heard the name Camp Half Blood, I haven't been there in over a thousand years. (In Chaos years of course. It has only been a year in mortal time) "Percy? Are you alright?" Bianca asked quietly I looked up "um. Yeah, yeah... Well Chaos what would you want us to do?" Chaos sighed "I would like for you to go ahead and help the Camp and the Olympians defeat the evil that is coming for them." I stood up and looked at my army "Well you heard him, let's get going" My army nodded and left the room, as I was about to follow, Chaos called me back "Percy, are you okay with doing this? All in all you may stay and leave second in command to lead your army" Chaos suggested I growled "No one leads that army except me and you and there is no way that I am going to let my army fight a battle that can cost them their lives alone." "It was just a suggestion, now are you really 'fine' you do not seem like yourself and quite frankly it is worrying me" "Yeah," I lied "Percy do not lie to me" I sighed "Fine, I have been having really bad headaches lately and I don't know or have any idea why they are happening Chaos. They hurt" Chaos gave me a look of sympathy and hugged me. Something we did rarely. "Percy, do not get mad at me, but I think you should stay and be seen by the medical staff if you are experiencing such headaches" "No. I am going, I am not going to leave them to fend for themselves, plus I would give my life for them. They did for me." You see my Army is made up of people who have died heroically and or they deserved a second life hence why, Zoë, Luke, and Bianca were alive and part of my army. As well as many others. Chaos sighed "Very well, just be very careful. Please" I nodded and walked away to pack my things to go back to Earth. No one's Pov. Everyone from Camp Half Blood was gathered on Olympus for the monthly meeting of the Whereabouts of Percy Jackson. "Percy was last seen leaving camp a year ago and then disappeared off the face of the Earth? Is that what you're telling me?" Poseidon asked sadly towards everyone Everyone nodded sadly not used to seeing one of the big three so sad and depressed. And to be frank, to see him fading. "Same with Annabeth, no one knows where she is and she has been missing about a day more than Percy has." "How much you wanna bet Percy and Annabeth are together!?" A random demigod stated angrily Athena stood up to say something however was cut off by a blinding bright light After the light had receded, both the God's and the demigods wanted to cower away at the amount of power that they felt. All of a sudden they saw a group of hooded figures dressed in either silver or black. "Who are you? What are you doing here?" Zeus bellowed "Silence, God of the Skies" the one dressed in the black hood stated while holding his head in his hands Zeus was about to reply but was cut off by one of the figures wearing silver "Omega are you alright?" They asked concerned Omega did nothing "Omega?" The rest of the silver hooded figures surrounded him in concern "I'm fine" Omega shuddered out "back to positions" The army nodded and stood where they had originally been "To answer your question Zeus, we have been sent by Lord Chaos as there may be an evil person or thing that is planning to destroy