AN: I do not own The Hunger Games nor The Selection. Also, there are some OOC-ness to the characters. Further AN at the end. Prologue Panem. A great country. Panem contains twelve districts, each district having a specialty good to be exported to the Capitol, where the royal family resides. Panem was not always a peaceful place and out of the war, chaos, destruction, and disease came a humble baker to lead the Panem to peace. The royal line seemed to have trouble producing male heirs, and therefore, the first born male was to succeed the previous ruler. In order to find a suitable bride, and let the other districts contribute further to Panem, The Hunger Games were arranged. The Hunger Games took two girls from each district and the Capitol and the Prince would date them to find his bride. It was rare the girls would ever return to their home districts after being part of The Hunger Games, due to many Capitol citizens wanting to buy their time, and those of the prominent districts, as well. About twenty five years ago, Panem was called into question. Prince Avery Mellark was about to embark on his own Hunger Games, hoping to please an overbearing father, King Wheaton Mellark. King Mellark wanted to control every citizen of the Capitol and sweet Prince Avery, wanting nothing but approval sent away tributes that he'd actually liked for tributes his father deemed worthy. That was how Prince Avery ended up marrying Meredith Meads. Meredith was from a poorer district, determined to climb the ladder and not look back. Her cunning attitude instantly won her the favor of the king. Within the year of their marriage, King Wheaton took ill and died within a fortnight. Prince Avery, a lovable only child, succeeded his father to the throne. He left most of his father's advisors in their positions. Cornelius Snow held incredible power and grew close to Meredith. The pregnancy of Meredith to the first born of Avery Mellark was announced publicly, while rumors of uprisings were whispered in the streets. Meredith Mellark gave birth to a boy, Gram Mellark. He grew to be a very solemn and practical boy, ever the peace marker between the two younger siblings he had. Gram was always fair and listened to both sides before passing judgment, even at the age of ten. When Gram was five years old, the announcement of another royal on the way was released into the streets. While in the poorest of the districts, things only got tougher, and talk continued. Meredith Mellark gave birth to yet another boy. Ryean, or Rye Mellark was definitely the trouble marker of the siblings. He had a knack of plotting attacks on the unsuspecting maids in the palace, while a sound head on his shoulders in math. Avery Mellark could see that Rye had talents to be used properly. While Rye was still toddling around at the age of two, the announcement of another heir was made, and while the Capitol and Districts one and two held parties to praise Meredith Mellark, more unrest swept through the country. Meredith Mellark gave birth to a boy. When she saw him, she rejected him, wanting a girl instead. Meredith Mellark wanted to secure relationships with countries, and she was presented with yet another boy. Peter, always to be known as Peeta Mellark, had the calmest disposition of his siblings. He had a kind nature, helping the cooks bake for the poorer families in the area. Peeta also had a way with words, from a very small age. If it pleased Peeta, he could charm a snake to kneel before him. Avery Mellark was left with a tough decision. He loved his boys so, he was worried they would fight over the thrown when he was gone. He had to admit, he'd been feeling exhausted and run down beyond his years lately and his thoughts troubled him. He had noticed his wife was upset with her life as well. He decided to do something no other ruler had done before him. He split the thrown three ways. Gram, who was always fair and always proposed excellent bills and laws in his lessons was given reign of just that. Gram would set up a judgmental system that was fair to all, while continuing to propose bills and laws, ensuring they too, were fair for all in Panem. Rye, who had grown well in math, yet still felt the need to devise plans of attack within the palace, was able to do just that. Rye would watch over the finances of Panem while overseeing the Peacekeepers and other military branches. As for Peeta, who was fluent in languages beyond the borders of Panem and could sweet talk a hornet, would continue on that path. Peeta would be the face of the royal family in Panem while continue to make ties with the world outside of Panem. Not all of Avery's advisors liked this plan, Cornelius Snow in particular, hated it. Although, Haymitch Abernathy and Leeland Odair found the idea to be encouraging. Each brother could commit fully to what their strengths were, yet still need to depend on the others. Within the year that the monarchy had been changed, each brother began to further themselves in their respective studies. Within two years, Avery Mellark died. With Gram being only fifteen years old, he was unable to formally take hold of the thrown and Meredith Mellark stepped in as a proxy until all three of her sons would come of age. If only that had worked well for Panem. With Meredith Mellark at the helm, Cornelius Snow had more power than before and the two of them thought alike. Those in the poorest districts were vial, while Districts one through four and the Capitol were the best. Production quotas were raised without pay, infrastructure began to break down, and Panem looked as if it would crumble in on itself. All the work Avery Mellark had done seemed to have fallen away in one foul swoop of Meredith Mellark and Cornelius Snow. Chapter 1 I was just turning six years old the year Dad got really sick. He always seemed tired and worn out, but he had always told me it was because he was running a country and that I was lucky because I would have my brothers with me to help and be able to lean on. Dad didn't. He was an only child. All alone. Dad would still take me down to the kitchens on the weekends if I had done well with my lessons that week to help him bake. He said because Panem had fallen on such hard times and we were so lucky, we had to give back in addition to baking helped to calm him. Even when he got really sick, I remember he'd still ask me to go bake for him. I always did. I always would. I had few friends in my life at that point. My brothers and an advisors son, Finnick Odair. Everyone was older than me though, so Dad was my best friend. Sure, I'd met heaps of other royals, played with princesses, entertained princes, but it was always baking with Dad that held the most meaning to me. Then he died. When he died, I felt things begin to shift in the palace. It felt almost dark and sinister. I saw Mom spending most of her time with an advisor Dad wasn't especially fond of but held respect for, Cornelius Snow. I tended to stay out of Mom's way. If I got into her way, she'd hit me, so I worked hard to please her. She always seemed angry though, even with my excellent reports from my tutors, nothing seemed to make her smile. I think she hated that I looked so much like Dad. The closer we got to Gram's eighteenth birthday, the happier it seemed that Mom got. The week Gram turned eighteen, I learned about The Hunger Games. I was barely nine at the time our home became overrun with girls. Haymitch had taken to tutoring Rye and I about The Hunger Games with Leeland Odair, his son Finnick joining us, since according to Leeland, Finnick would be protecting us someday. It started long ago, when my great great great, and add some more greats, grandfather, a common baker, led a rebellion towards peace. He had had a son and three daughters. With the daughters, he'd sent them off as treaties and alliances with other more powerful countries across the oceans, while in order to appease those at home, offered his son up to Panem. It was decided that all eligible ladies, who sought the prince, would submit an application. The applications would be split up into thirteen piles, each based on the newly drawn up districts plus the Capitol. Two applications would be picked from each pile. The ladies were to be of the age, sixteen to twenty, able to bare children, and would come to live at the palace in attempt to win the prince's hand. It was decided that it would be a more televised event as well. Caesar Flickerman, was the palace personal reporter and at 8:00pm, every Friday, a report would be issued, with the royals in attendance to update the country. Rye, who was ten at the time, and Finnick, who was eleven, and I didn't yet see the purpose of such a silly thing. Instead, Rye, Finnick, and I tortured those poor girls, launching surprise attacks on them in the gardens during parties, or at teas. The three of us would always be punished for our behavior but it was worth it to be rolling around laughing. I still recall Rye replacing a tributes baby powder with itching powder. Gram's decided tribute of The Hunger Games was one, Adele Romine, from the Capitol. Mom loved that he picked a girl from the Capitol. Rye and I do find her a bit dull and self-centered, however she isn't all bad. They had a baby boy three years later and named him Bannock. I was fifteen going on sixteen when Rye had his Hunger Games. Finnick by this point had taken on his role of my personal guard. He was my best friend and knew me better than anyone else in the palace, but I was his job. I was grateful I still had Finnick though. And when the girls descended on the palace, I took to watching Finnick. I swear, that bastard could be a model if he hadn't been born into the world of the Capitol palace. His father had originally been from District 4, a fisherman, and had been elected mayor. My father had met with him a few times and immediately respected Leeland. When his term was up, my father asked him to be a member of his council, moving his wife, and young son to the Capitol. I spent a fair amount of time before Rye's Hunger Games watching he and Finnick sweet talk the daughters of visiting guests. They both said that if I wanted to, I could be just as charming and end up in the same situations as the two of them. I did end up making friends with a few of Rye's tributes. One in particular was the daughter of the mayor of District 12. Her name was Madge Undersee. She was willowy and blonde with perfect pink lips. She, herself, had just turned sixteen that year. Rye had kept her around for some time, even though she said her heart always belonged to someone else and that she'd never wanted to enter in the first place but had done so to appease her father. That was also the year that Rye had come up with the Draft. Since the death of my father, rebels had been getting more and more prominent and some had managed to make small bands of groups that began