This is re-posted, sorry, just re-organising. This is just a little one shot, time travel thing I couldn't get out of my head. Hope you enjoy :) I obviously don't own Harry Potter. "Oh shit!" A voice cried from the middle of the Gryffindor common room. "Watch your language Jonathon!" Another, more female voice, admonished. "Georgia..." The first voice whined. "Merlin you sound just like mum!" "I'll take that as a compliment," Georgia said. "She's going to kill us when we get back!" " If we get back..." Jonathon gulped as he watched a very wary sixteen year old version of their mother descend upon them, her wand raised. "Who are you?" Hermione asked with a frown. She looked up and down the two teenagers not much older than herself. They were wearing Gryffindor robes but they were slightly different from the usual school robes, they looked similar in features and were looking at each other the way Fred and George did. They both had hair the same colour as the Weasleys too, now Hermione thought about it. The boy's hair was more of an unruly mop atop his head but the girl's was longer and tied up in a plait down her back. "I don't recognise you, you're definitely not Gryffindors that's for sure..." "Uh..." Jonathon gaped a few times and half shrugged. "Would you believe me if I said we time travelled?" He asked hesitantly. "Time travelled? With what?" Hermione asked cautiously. "A time turner," Georgia let the offending object dangle from her hand before tucking it neatly away in her robes. "You two can't be more than seventeen years old! Where did you get a time turner?!" Hermione barked. "We...well we sort of made it..." Georgia shifted guiltily under the witch's glare, noting it hadn't changed at all since she was a kid. "You made it? At seventeen?" Hermione frowned just as the portrait of the fat lady swung open and a large group of Gryffindors ambled in. The common room had been delightfully empty whilst dinner was in full swing and Hermione had left early to take advantage of that, before these two oddly familiar people turned up out of nowhere. "Hey Granger, who's that you're probably threatening unfairly?" Fred asked as him and George ambled over, followed by their rambunctious group of friends, and Harry, Ron and Ginny. "I'm not unfairly threatening anyone!" Hermione snapped. "Really? So what did these two lovely young people do to offend you or cause you to fear for your life or your safety?" Fred raised his eyebrows expectantly at her. "Appeared out of thin air," Hermione replied flatly. "Oh really? And how exactly did they do that or has all that reading you've done finally gone and driven you insane?" Fred teased. "They're time travellers," Hermione huffed, lowering her wand slightly so she could turn towards the evil twin. "Time travellers?!" Fred grinned enthusiastically, looking at the pair still at the end of Hermione's wand. "Names?" "I'm Jonathon and this is my twin sister Georgia," Jonathon smiled nervously at Fred as he shook his hand. "I'm Fred, Fred Weasley and this is my twin brother George, you've had the misfortune of meeting Hermione..." Fred gestured to the bushy haired witch who was practically blowing out smoke from her nostrils as she glared at him. "This is Harry Potter...is he still famous in your time?...my brother Ron and my sister Ginny..." Fred continued to point at people as he named them. "Angelina Johnson, Alicia Spinnet, Lee Jordon, Katie Bell, Oliver Wood and our house voyeurs and all round gossips Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil." "Harry Potter is still famous in our time," Jonathon nodded with a small shrug and an amused grin. "Sorry Un-ouch!" He shot his sister an irritated glare as she elbowed him in the ribs. "Watch your tongue!" She hissed. "He didn't say anything?" George frowned. "He was about to," Georgia said. "So, d'you know us in the future? Are you gonna tell us your last names?" Fred flashed a sly smirk. "No," Georgia said automatically. "You're future Gryffindors with Weasley red hair," Ginny pointed out, her own sly smile breaking out across her face. "I'm going to assume your last name is Weasley, but I have no idea who you're descended from." "Assumptions make an ass out of you and me," Georgia shrugged defiantly. "We aren't telling you our last names." "With an attitude like that, she's definitely a Weasley." Angelina laughed. "Now, which Weasley do you belong to...?" Ginny tapped her chin in thought as her brother's all gaped in horror at the two currently non-existent Weasley children. "How are you so calm Gin? Doesn't it freak you out that they might be your kids or your grandkids or even great grandkids?" George asked with wide eyes. "Not really. They're definitely our children, they recognise us enough to have kept their mouths clamped shut, but they don't look much like me other than the hair colour, and I'd rule out Bill, Charlie and Percy too since if they were theirs, they probably would have told us as the repercussions wouldn't be so huge. I'd bet they're one of your three's." "How much d'you wanna bet?" Jonathon grinned. "So, we've narrowed it down to Fred or George..." Ron brightened up. "Why not you?" George looked a little panicked. "Because there's no way my kids jump at a bet faster than yours..." Ron smirked. "What time are you from?" Fred asked, finding his voice again. "We can't answer that!" Georgia said, glaring as her brother went to open his mouth and answer. "You're no fun!" Jonathon huffed at his sister. "Why not?" Fred asked. "Because it could mess up the timeline Fred! Come on, that much is obvious!" Hermione cried. "We know roughly how old they are, if we knew when they came from we'd be able to work out when they were born and then when they were conceived, so you'd be able to pin point the exact time you or George had children..." "I know! That was the point!" Fred huffed back. "The point?! You want to know?!" Hermione looked at him incredulously. "Of course I bloody want to know! Who wouldn't?!" Fred argued. "I wouldn't!" Hermione said. "Imagine knowing almost the exact time and date you were going to conceive a child? I'm pretty sure the pressure would be too much even for you to bear!" "I perform better under pressure, I'll have you know!" Fred grinned. "Your brain might but I doubt your anatomy would," Hermione said. "You're seriously underestimating my ability to concentrate solely on sex and nothing else..." Fred smirked and shot Hermione a wink, watching as the girl fought the blush creeping up her cheeks. "Ew! Can you not!" Georgia looked at the group, Fred in particular, with a horrified and disgusted look on her face. Jonathon didn't seem as phased but was a shade greener than he had been. "Told you she was a Weasley and one of yours," Ginny smiled triumphantly. "Nice one Auntie Gin," Jonathon beamed. "Never doubted you!" "I think I need to sit down..." Fred said queasily. "Me too..." George followed him to the sofas next to the fire place and everyone followed. First the smallish group they happened to be, and then the rest of the common room as they unsubtly shuffled forwards or turned in a new direction in an attempt to eavesdrop. . "So, how exactly did you time travel?" Fred asked after a short silence. "Time turner," Georgia said and pulled it back out of her pocket. "Can I see?" Fred held his hand out for it. "I don't think that's a good idea..." Georgia said. "So far, we're the only ones who've been misplaced in time...it's best not to risk it." "Why on earth did you travel so far back?" Ginny asked. "We didn't intend to..." Jonathon started to explain. "More importantly, what on earth made you think creating a time turner was a good idea in the first place?!" Hermione asked in exasperation. "Well...it was our parents..." Jonathon sighed. "They both said they wished they'd figured out how good they were together years before and not wasted so much time..." He trailed off. "If...when you get to see them, in the future, they're so in love it's ridiculous..." Georgia smiled lovingly. "I don't mean the mushy, movie type love so don't panic..." She laughed at the grimace both twins had shot at her. "We couldn't believe that they hadn't always been in love...or at least that they'd always had some sort of chemistry..." Jonathon said. "It's their anniversary coming up in a few days, we wanted to do something special..." Georgia said. "So we tried to invent a variant of the time turner..." Jonathon said. "It wasn't supposed to actually send us back in time..." Georgia explained. "It was supposed to show us what happened back in time, as if you're a second person looking at someone else's memories in a pensieve," Jonathon was getting animated in a way the twins did about new ideas and inventions. "We wanted to show them they hadn't wasted any time, that what they had was there all along..." Georgia shrugged. "So...your mother is here too?" Ginny locked on to that small piece of information with glee. "Uh..." Georgia opened and closed her mouth a few times before giving a part shrug, part smile, part grimace at her Aunt. " Shit !" Jonathon swore again. "Language!" Georgia admonished him for the second time. "Is there another word that better suits 'oh no, we may have inadvertently screwed with the time line by accidentally revealing to our father that he already knows our mother and so might freak out and over-analyse every relationship he has with every girl he knows, thereby putting so much pressure on himself that we cease to exist because their relationship doesn't happen naturally.'?!" Jonathon growled at his sister and Fred felt the unnerving need to tell him not to talk to the girl like that. "Don't talk to your sister like that," Hermione did it for him and he frowned at her in confusion. Hermione took no notice and folded her arms, staring Jonathon down which took all of two seconds before he hung his head in shame and mumbled an apology to Georgia. "Is there any particular reason why we haven't been carted off to the headteacher yet?" Georgia asked with a light smile on her face. "Yes," Fred said, looking at the face of his future niece...or daughter. He blanched a little at that thought, he was only eighteen for merlin's sake! Surely they must be from the very distant future, no matter which twin had parented them?! "Professor Dumbledore was removed from his position not long ago and replaced by a vile, evil, toad-like creature that we wouldn't subject you to, no matter how odd this current situation." Hermione sighed. "So you do agree on something then..." Jonathon smirked. "You're Fred's kids," Hermione said, voicing her conclusion without thinking about the consequences. "And what makes you say that Granger?" Fred said gruffly. "...his smirk...Jonathon smirks exactly like you...it's something he wouldn't learn from an Uncle, only a father," Hermione said softly but firmly as she looked up at Fred. "We're identical..." Fred frowned at her whilst half the group looked on as knowing smiles began gracing their lips. " Almost identical..." Hermione corrected him. "You can tell us apart?" Fred asked, only just realising that in all the years he'd known Hermione, never once had she made the mistake and called him George. "Of course I can!" Hermione looked a little offended. "How?" Fred was still frowning, George was now grinning. "Because!" Hermione huffed as that adorable blush crawled it's way back to her cheeks again. "Because I don't like not knowing things, okay?! When I first met you two and after I became friends with Ron and realised I'd have to put up with the