This is my last re-post due to re-organisation, again, sorry for the confusion. So this is a 'Harry and Ron left straight after the war leaving Hermione behind' one shot, things change and they come back to a few unexpected things. It's also because I wanted to write one that didn't have Ron throwing his toys out the pram and being a complete git about it. . Hermione walked outside the wedding tent, Ron at her heels. She whirled around to face him as soon as they got far enough away to avoid prying eyes and ears. "Ronald, what the hell?!" Hermione hissed. "What is wrong with you?!" "Wrong with me?" Ron frowned. "What's wrong with you?" It was George and Angelina's wedding day, five years after the Final Battle had ended. Ron and Harry had left two days after Voldemort had been defeated, deciding they needed a break and they had to get out of town for a while. They hadn't been back till now, coming back home for George's wedding...well, reception since they'd missed the wedding. Ron had been back all of an hour and half and already Hermione wanted to hex him, she was pretty there was only one other person who wanted to hurt him more than she did. "Mione, you've barely looked at me since you saw me...you've been shrugging me off and acting all weird...I know it's been a while and we were on a break but..." "On a break?" Hermione frowned, confused. "Well yeah..." Ron frowned back at her nervously. "After that kiss at the final battle I thought we'd end up together, I thought we were going to be together...I just...we were still so young and I didn't want to settle down straight after the war, you know? But I'm home now and..." "I need you to stop talking..." Hermione held her hand up at him in an attempt to hold him off. "I'm sorry if I hurt you 'Mione, I didn't mean to, but I've always thought of you as my girl I suppose..." Ron said, seeing some of his family gathering around them. "You did hurt me Ron, both you and Harry..." Hermione tried again. "Let me make it up to you, please? I'm sorry, I truly am but I want nothing more than to give us a try...what d'you say?" Ron gave her a wink and Hermione visibly shivered, but not for the reasons Ron thought. He reached out to her and she stepped back. "What's wrong with you 'Mione? I said I was sorry..." "Wrong with me? Wrong with me ?!" Hermione growled. "I'm not the one who's been gone for five years and then came back and tried it on with the girl I fancied from school!" Hermione looked at him in disbelief. "I'm not the one who's spent the entire time he's been back home telling the press that he's so happy to be reconnecting with his family and friends but hasn't said more than three sentences to any of them combined! For merlin's sakes Ronald, did you even look us up to see if anything had changed since you'd been gone?!" "Well...it's only been five years..." Ron flustered. "Yes, five years! Five fucking years!" Hermione bellowed at him. "Hermione! Language!" Molly Weasley admonished and Hermione barely looked guilty. "Sorry Mum but she's right. Five years is a long time Ron..." Bill spoke up from behind them. "We've been through a lot together since you left, all of us..." Charlie nodded. "You can't just waltz back in and try and pick up where you left off!" George glared at him. "You didn't even bother to find out what you missed..." Hermione looked at him disappointingly. "What exactly did you get up to that was so important over these five years that meant you had to drag my arse out here to have a go at me then?!" Ron huffed. "Oh I don't know...I got married ..." Hermione didn't get much further. "You got married ?!" Ron cried. "Yes. I got married!" Hermione snapped. "I sent you both invitations but you must have been moving so quickly that the owls couldn't track you...they kept coming back..." "Sorry," Ron said, rubbing the back of his neck with his hand sheepishly. "You should be!" Hermione prodded his chest with her index finger. "I'm not sure my husband appreciated the way you kept trying to drape yourself over me and kept insinuating to the press that we might reconcile our romance as well as our friendship!" "Well maybe if you'd told me you got married and introduced me to your husband, I wouldn't have made such a fool out of myself!" Ron bit back. "When would you like me to have done that?!" Hermione screeched. "Because five bloody minutes after I saw you and said hi, you were parading us around in front of the fucking press!" "Sorry!" Ron said, holding his hands up in surrender. "I'm sorry...it was just a little exciting and overwhelming to be back..." "I'm sure..." She glared at him. "So...are you happily married?" He asked cheekily. "Well, we have five children..." "Four," Fred said with a frown. "Five..." "Four, Hermione you have four children..." George was frowning too, much like everyone else except Hermione. "Five, I just hadn't got round to telling you about the last one yet..." Hermione said nonchalantly as everyone's jaws dropped and she turned back to Ron. "...we have five children, so yes, we're happy..." "Hermione, are you pregnant again?" George let out an almost strangled cry. "Is there another way to magically turn four children into five?" She asked him, sarcasm dripping from her tone. "Have I ever mentioned how much I love when your pregnant?" Fred grinned at her. "Sometimes, but most of the time you just show me..." She smirked. "You're really pregnant?" Fred asked as he walked towards her, the pair of them totally forgetting about Ron and the rest of the circle. "I'm really pregnant..." She nodded with a smile. Fred closed the small distance between them with a little run and picked her up, twirling her around before setting her down and snogging her face off. Ron's eyes widened as he stepped back from the pair, shock and disbelief marred his face. "I love you," Fred said to Hermione as they broke apart, breathless. "I love you too," She grinned at him. "You married my brother..." Ron said so quietly that it was almost lost. Hermione's eyes snapped back to Ron's as she waited for the outburst. "You married Fred..." Ron snorted and couldn't hold in his laughter any longer. "You married Fred!" He grinned, and laughed again but it wasn't malicious or nasty or spiteful. Instead he looked delighted, joyful, beyond happy. "I can't believe you married Fred!" He beamed. "I'm so happy for you!" And Hermione could tell he was being completely sincere. While the rest of his family stood around dumbfounded, Hermione launched herself at him as tears fell down her cheeks. "Thank you! You have no idea how much that means to me!" She cried. "Hey, I'm sorry it took me so long to come home but...I didn't expect for you to wait for me, I was just worried you were..." Ron squeezed her tight. "We always worked better as friends..." "We did..." Hermione nodded and sniffed as she withdrew from his embrace. "I should have written more, I'm so sorry..." Ron found tears running down his own cheeks now. "I missed you all so much..." "We both did..." Harry spoke up quietly from behind him, looking as guilty as ever. "It was just so painful to think of actually corresponding back and forth because we knew we'd want to come home and we weren't ready to..." Ron shrugged as he wiped his tears away. "Why'd you come back asking to 'give us a go' if you didn't want to?" Hermione asked with a frown. "Because I didn't want to disappoint you or hurt you anymore than I already had..." Ron said, looking her dead in the eyes. "Because it was kind of expected of us..." "You'd have come back and settled into a relationship with me, if I'd waited for you, regardless of the fact that you weren't in love with me?!" Hermione asked astounded. "Yes," Ron said. "I know I was selfish when I left, I couldn't come back and be just as bad. Besides, I've always loved you...not like what you and Fred obviously have, but enough to at least have tried to give you what you wanted and make you happy...it wasn't that bad, living with you when we were on the run..." he smirked at her and she swiped at him playfully. "I can't believe you actually went away and grew up..." Hermione laughed. "Come here..." She pulled him into another hug again. "And you, boy-who-never-dies!" She waved at Harry to join them and he grinned sheepishly before stepping forward and being enveloped into the hug. "So...without pushing our luck...are we forgiven?" Ron asked with a cheeky grin and sheepish shrug. "You're definitely pushing your luck," Hermione couldn't help the little smile that pushed its way onto her face. "But you are forgiven..." "Just like that?" Fred frowned at her in concern. "Just like that," Hermione said, her eyes meeting his with a smile only for him. "You can't just forgive him like that Herms!" George cried in outrage. "Sure I can," Hermione said. "It will do none of us any good if we hold on to the past...if they'd come back demanding answers and refusing to see what they'd miss I'd be more inclined to agree with you, but as it happens I think they've grown up quite well and I've missed them..." "But everything they put you through..." George's own concern filled his face. "I'm not saying we're going to go back to being the best of friends..." Hermione frowned. "I might forgive them but I can't forget what happened..." Harry and Ron's happy demeanour fell a little. "We've lived five years without them, they can't just come back and fit right in, they've missed too much..." Hermione looked at the two lost boys. "But they'll find their own new place and in doing so, we can all be a family again." "But Herms..." George began again. "Just get over it already George!" Hermione barked and George recoiled making everyone laugh. "Again...love it when you're pregnant." Fred wrapped his arms around Hermione and pulled her into him so her back was against his chest and his hands were on her tummy. "I'm sorry I didn't get chance to tell you before we told everyone else..." Hermione spoke guiltily. "Meh...I could think of worse things to happen..." He grinned and kissed her cheek, then began peppering kisses along her jawline and her neck before he could stop himself. "So..." Ron cleared his throat in an attempt to make Fred stop his nauseating public display of affection. "Congrats on the kids...all of them..." "Thanks," Hermione grinned, hitting Fred's shoulder as he continued to nuzzle into her. "Mmm, thanks..." Fred mumbled before nipping Hermione's ear causing her to stifle a moan and turn a little red. "Fred!" Hermione hissed and the group chuckled. "Come on, we'll go celebrate our newest family member and my marriage inside the tent whilst you celebrate your usual way somewhere else," George rolled his eyes. "Their usual way?" Ron frowned. "Escalate what Fred is currently doing now and you'll get the picture..." George said and Ron grimaced very quickly as his brother laughed at him. "On the upside, while they're doing that, we can corrupt our nieces and nephews..." "George, there will be no corrupting...they are my children and they are too damn smart for your corruption..." Hermione called from behind them as the group began wondering away. "They're just smart enough not to get caught Granger!" George laughed. " Weasley !" Came a unified answer from Fred and Hermione. "You still