"No! No! Please Harry don't do this!" Hermione screamed at her best friend as George Weasley held her, arms around her waist as he pressed her back into his chest. He looked so sad as Hermione grappled against him, trying to get free. "Please Harry! He didn't do anything!" Harry sighed sadly, such a forlorn expression stealing across his face. He turned pained eyes from Hermione to the blonde man currently in chains, his eyes instantly flashing with anger instead. "I don't know what you've done to her Malfoy but you'll pay for it," Harry snarled. "He didn't do anything!" Hermione shrieked as tears streamed down her face. "He didn't Harry! You have to believe me!" "Hermione, you want me to believe you fell in love with him of your own accord?" Harry shook his head. "I can't, it's not possible..." "Everything is possible," Hermione whispered pleadingly. "Harry, he didn't do anything to me, please, he didn't..." "He messed with your head Hermione and I can't let him get away with that," Harry said. "I know you don't see it right now, but whatever he's done to you is clouding your judgment." "My judgement is fucking fine!" Hermione yelled. "Harry! Why won't you believe me?!" "Because he's Draco fucking Malfoy Hermione! He's a fucking Death Eater! He tried to kill us all!" Draco stood near the door of the chamber they were in, having just lost his case for freedom based purely on Harry's belief that he'd somehow messed with Hermione's mind. His hands were in shackles, Ron Weasley sneering down at him as his hand tightened on Draco's arm, chains trailing from his wrists to his feet and completing the ever fashionable 'dangerous criminal' look that he had going on. He sighed heavily, he knew this would happen. "Harry! Please don't do this!" Hermione wailed. "Please!" She wrestled against George again, frantically trying to get out from under his grip. "Please Harry?! Don't send him to Azkaban, don't make him suffer the kiss..." "Hermione..." Harry faltered as he turned to her. "I'm doing this for your own good." "No you're not! You're doing it because you're angry and upset and hurt! But you're making a mistake!" Hermione cried. "Sirius was sent to prison for thirteen years for a crime he didn't commit, and no one believed he was innocent, not even his best friend!" She argued. "I know you don't believe me, but what if you're wrong, Harry?! Can you live with that?!" "It's a sacrifice I'm willing to make," Harry said, truly believing he was doing what was best. "NO!" Hermione screamed as Harry raised his wand, signalling the end of this discussion and therefore his ruling. He may only have been eighteen but he was given certain liberties for his defeat of Voldemort, one of which being he could try the man who messed with his best friend. "Okay, Harry you win!" Hermione screeched, her arms raised in surrender as she stopped struggling against George. "You win, okay?" Her tears were falling thick and fast now. "Just don't hurt him, please?" She asked desperately. "Send him away, banish him, put a restraining order on him, anything but what you're about to do...please?!" "How is that going to solve anything?" Harry asked softly. "Obliviate me," Hermione whispered. "Granger, no!" Draco suddenly came to life. "It's the only way," Hermione sobbed. "Hermione?" Harry frowned. "You promise me, you give me your word, that Draco goes free and unharmed, and I'll stop fighting you and fighting this," Hermione said. "You can just obliviate me and we can all go back to how it was..." George's arms went slack as he looked at her in shock. "Harry, I don't think-" "Deal," Harry said quickly, ignoring George's protestations. He tried to grab Hermione as she launched herself across the room at Draco, glaring at George for letting her go. "What the fuck are you doing?" Draco whispered with wide, tear filled eyes. "Saving you," Hermione sniffed, her voice aching with sadness. "Not like this Granger, please..." Draco croaked. "It's the only way," Hermione sighed. She leant into him and pressed her lips to his gently. "You'd rather forget me?" He whispered as she rested her forehead against his own. "I'd rather you live," she said. "I won't live without you , love." Draco closed his eyes, tears falling down his face. "I won't live without you either," Hermione smiled sadly. "You won't remember me," he said. "They can take my memories, but they'll never truly take you," she whispered, fisting her hands in his tattered jumper and closing her eyes as she wept. "Granger, you can't still have hope?" He asked in awe. "Why not?" She whispered with a tiny grin. Draco surged forward and captured her lips with his, his tears falling fast and free as he poured as much love as he could into that one last, sweet, two second kiss. Harry nodded at Ron who tugged Malfoy out of Hermione's grasp and out the door. Hermione stumbled after them, wanting to make sure that he got out like Harry promised. George put a comforting hand on her shoulder and gave her a sincerely apologetic look. Harry gathered the necessary paperwork quickly, brandishing the documents at Malfoy like a wand. They detailed his prevention from entering the UK for the next ten years, including any and all contact with Hermione Granger. "You're a fucking good actor, I'll give you that Malfoy," Harry spat. "I know. How'd you think I managed to survive under the same fucking roof as the Dark Lord?" Malfoy spat back. "It's a shame that in convincing him I also ended up convincing every fucker else..." "It's like you're starting to believe it yourself," Harry scoffed. "She knows her own mind Potter, and someday that's going to come back and bite you in arse," Malfoy growled. "You will never convince me that you love her Malfoy," Harry snarled. "It's just not in you." Malfoy simply ignored him. "Take care of her," he mumbled to an astounded and somewhat confused George. George simply nodded, catching Hermione as she crumbled the minute Malfoy had disaperated away. ... Ten years later... It was the ten year reunion of the Class of 1990. Peace had been restored to the wizarding community and seemed to have reigned for some time. Harry unceremoniously shoved Hermione through the doors of the Great Hall of Hogwarts, his wife and brother-in-law not far behind her. "I hate these things Harry Potter and now I hate you," Hermione hissed. "I know," Harry said. "But we have to be here and you know it." It was, after all, ten years since the Battle of Hogwarts. "Screw you," she snapped as Harry chuckled. "When is Oliver getting here?" Harry asked. "He's not, we broke up two weeks ago," Hermione said. "What?!" Harry looked at her in annoyance. "Hermione! What was wrong with him?!" "He just wasn't right for me," Hermione shrugged. "That's what you've said about all your past boyfriends," Harry huffed. "Well, it's how I've felt about all my past boyfriends," Hermione growled. "None of them have felt right..." "You're just reading too much into it," Harry sighed. "I just want you to be happy Hermione." "I am happy, for the most part," she said. "I don't need a man to make me happy." Before Harry could respond to that a ripple of astonished whispers floated through the room and it all went deathly quiet. "Draco Malfoy is here," Ron muttered darkly, his eyes sweeping the crowd that had begun to part. "Draco Malfoy?" Hermione frowned. "I barely remember him." Harry shifted guiltily. When he'd taken Hermione to St Mungo's (he wasn't going to attempt to obliviate her himself!), the Healers had discovered that the extent of Malfoy's mind games had run deep. They'd had to erase almost every memory she had of him. George tried to argue against it but no one wanted to hear that Hermione Granger, the sweet, innocent, intelligent muggle-born heroine had fallen for Draco Malfoy, the dark, twisted, manipulative, pureblood Death Eater. George had done an extensive amount of research on love and how to fake it in someone, for the joke shop. He knew what fake love looked like and it wasn't the deep and sincere type stuff he'd seen between Draco and Hermione. It was superficial and theatrical and more of an infatuation than something tangible. Unbeknown to any of them, George had managed to argue his point to the Healers and persuaded them to hide her memories from herself rather than erase them altogether, knowing that if he was right, erasing them would have done irreparable damage whereas hiding them wouldn't have made a difference either way. He was going to be really pissed that he'd missed out on this reunion. "Didn't he run away right after the war?" Hermione frowned. "I vaguely recall some speculation as to his whereabouts..." "Yeah, something like that," Ron nodded. "He was an evil, lying scumbag anyway so it's not like we missed much." "You know, you shouldn't judge people unless you've walked a mile in their shoes," Hermione reprimanded him. "He was horrid to all of us at school," Ron stuttered in outrage. "He was a bully and a bastard and a nasty son of a bitch." "His mother saved Harry's life, you shouldn't insult her like that, especially whilst instead trying to insult her son," Hermione huffed. "And the number one reason most children bully their peers is because they themselves have been or are being bullied." "Who the hell was Malfoy likely to have been bullied by?" Ron scoffed. "Dunno, but if I had to guess, I'd say his arrogant, aristocratic, arsehole of a father," Hermione said. "And I'd hazard a guess that man did worse to Draco than he ever did to us." "That's not an excuse to be a shit to everyone around you," Harry said, panicking slightly at the apparent insight Hermione had into the blonde git despite not having any real memory of him. "No it's not, but it certainly explains a lot," Hermione said. Harry gently guided her around the hall, worriedly trying to keep Hermione away from the man who'd played with her head so long ago. Ginny and Ron followed his lead, always keeping eyes on the white head of hair and steering Hermione in the opposite direction. . Draco had been forced to attend this stupid charade of a reunion. No one wanted to see him again, no one really wanted to see any of their classmates again. Their year was full of war veterans and unless you'd bonded together in some great feat of survival, you were just a reminder of the blood and violence mostly. Blaise had practically dragged him here, no longer under the restraining order placed on him all those years ago, although Potter was looking as though he wished he'd added another ten years to it. Draco smirked, it served him right. He wondered around the hall, not really looking at anyone in particular. He thought about Hermione and whether she'd be here tonight. He'd noticed she tended to keep to herself, never in the papers and never one for social occasions unless she could help it. Draco wasn't sure if he wanted to see her tonight, the idea of her being happy with another would be just about enough to finish him off. Having said that, since he'd apparated away all those years ago he hadn't really been able to breathe properly, so that might also be nice. During his private little musings he'd failed to realise that the bushy-haired bookworm had snuck up on him while he was lounging by the buffet table. "You look about as happy to be here as I do," Hermione smirked. "Would you rather be pulling your fingernails off with pliers too?" Draco forced himself to remain light and carefree, remembering that whilst his heart was hammering in his chest, hers