Hello! So, thanks to lambcullen and her awesome editing skills, I am reposting chapters 1-4. These were originally posted before I acquired my wonderful beta Moblair. Now you won't have to cringe through my bad grammar! Thank you in advance if you are rereading these chapters, I hope seeing the cleaned up versions will enhance the story for you… Also, thank you to everyone who has read, reviewed and recommended this story. It makes me so fucking happy that so many people are enjoying it. And if you haven't already seen it, I have started a separate story for some missing moments and alternate POV's I thought you might enjoy. Faithfully: The Outtakes. There is only one installment so far, but I intend to add more as the story progresses. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. ~Faithfully~ *Hello, I Love You* She's walking down the street Blind to every eye she meets Do you think you'll be the guy To make the queen of the angels sigh? ~Hello, I Love You-The Doors~ ~Edward~ The smell of dust and vinyl wafts through my nostrils, as I sift through the latest album acquisitions in my favorite music shop in Soho, Record Roundup. The shop's owner, Garrett, always makes a point to call and let me know whenever he receives anything that might be of interest to me. He called me about a week ago to wish me a happy birthday, and also to let me know that he was holding a new box for me to sort through. I smile fondly thinking back to day we met. I met Garrett about fifteen years ago. I was young, barely twenty, and the front man of a young, inexperienced band from our hometown of Chicago. Being newcomers on the scene, we had a hell of a time finding gigs in the city and after two years of struggling, we decided to spend the summer at my grandparents' home in London to see if we fared any better across the pond. I guess you could say we owe our big break to Garrett, because about seven weeks into our twelve-week experiment, we were playing in a local pub when he approached us to complement our style. He was cool as fuck and ended up spending the rest of the night hanging out with us drinking, and bullshitting about music. I learned that he owned a local music shop and that he, like me, was an avid collector of vinyl records. He mentioned that he had some contacts in the industry that he had acquired through his business of collecting and selling valuable vinyl records. He said he would be happy to drop our name to them. True to his word, he passed our contact information on to his colleague, Eleazar, who two weeks later, arranged to come and watch a show. Little did we know, that show would be the turning point in our career. Five years later Eclipse were considered the most successful and sought after rock band in the world. Ten years later, and we are still going strong. So strong in fact, that we relocated the band permanently from Chicago to London. Mostly because the paparazzi are far less intrusive here. Moving was not as rough of a transition for me as it was for the rest of the guys, however. My father is English, resulting in dual citizenship for me, and most of his family still lives here in London. There were many summers and holidays spent here visiting family as I was growing up. I feel very comfortable here, London is my true home. So here I am, engrossed in examining a very rare, and valuable, Sex Pistols album for scratches. When, out of the corner of my eye, I catch sight of the most spectacular set of lips I have ever laid eyes on. Without thinking, I abandon the treasure in my hands and set out to follow the owner of those lips. Glancing around to make sure there are no paps following me, I carefully step out onto the sidewalk, cautiously staying about fifteen paces behind. I didn't want to alert her to my presence. As I trail her, I take advantage of the opportunity to rake my eyes down her feminine form, from top to bottom. She is tiny, no taller than 5'3" with a slight but curvy frame. She has long dark hair that hangs down her back in loose curls, ending just above her narrow waist, which gives way to the perkiest, fullest, roundest ass I have ever seen. Holy fuck ! My hands are twitching at my sides, with an uncontrollable urge to reach out and grab hold of it. I am aching to see if it is as firm as it looks, barely encased in the shortest, tightest shorts known to man. If you could even call them shorts. Damn! those should be illegal . I can hardly walk with the massive wood I am sporting. Shaking my head to clear it of the lust-induced fog brought on by my brown haired beauty's un-fucking-believable ass, my eyes continue their journey down her long shapely legs. I took in every detail, from her tight, slender thighs to her toned calves, tapering down to delicate ankles, and finally reaching her little feet, that are tucked into some sexy, high wedge-like sandals. I am pleasantly surprised by how incredibly long her legs look in proportion to her small stature, and cannot shake the image of having them wrapped around my waist, as I pound into her tight wet pussy. My mind is starting to run rapid with images of tangling her long, shiny hair around my wrist and pulling her head back to expose her long creamy neck. I would drive into her with abandon. She ducks into the local coffee house, and since it is a common occurrence for me to frequent this particular establishment, I am not too concerned with creating a scene. Slipping into the line two people behind her, I begin to wonder where the hell these sudden stalker tendencies have emerged from when I hear a sexy, throaty voice order a vanilla latte with whole milk. The sweet sound of her voice goes straight to my cock, and I unsuccessfully try to suppress a groan. The middle-aged woman in front of me turns around and shoots me a dirty look muttering, "Pervert," under her breath. My eyes follow, as my brunette goddess makes her way to a corner booth with her coffee in hand. I watch unabashedly, as she pulls out a worn paperback, adjusts what I assume is her iPod and settles in to read. I am mesmerized by the way the sunlight filters in through the window and brings out the reds and golds in her hair. I fail to hear the barista ask for my order, and a throat clearing loudly behind me pulls me out of my trance. I quickly snap my head to the young, shorthaired blond girl behind the counter. "What can I get for you, Sir?" she asks sweetly. "I'll have a regular coffee, please. Black," I answer, with my signature half-smirk in place. She appears momentarily stunned before answering, "Yes sir, right away," and scrambles off to get the order filled. I hand her a few bills and tell her to keep the change, then I make my way over to the booth occupied by the goddess. I briefly wonder how long it will take before counter-girl twitters, or whatever the fuck they call it, my location to all her friends. At the thought, the reality of the situation rushes through me, and I begin to worry what the hell I am doing following some strange girl through the streets of London like some kind of creepy stalker. I mean, what the hell am I even planning to say to her? Hey, you have a fantastic ass, may I touch it? "You have really lost it Cullen," I mutter to myself. Just as I am about to turn and bolt from the coffee house, she looks up from her book, and the world stops. Truly fucking stops. Just like in the movies, where everything moves in slow motion, and the heavens open up, casting a glowing light upon the object of your desire, while angels descend playing harps and shit. That is nothing compared to locking eyes with my brown haired beauty. She is literally the most breathtakingly beautiful woman I have ever seen. Ever. My breath hitches in my throat, my pulse is pounding in my ears and my jeans are straining to maintain the massive erection I have suddenly sprouted, as I drown in the depths of her large chocolate brown eyes. Holy mother of God . I want to vomit and do a jig all at once; my insides feel like they are on fire. Now, I am by no means a religious man, but looking into her eyes felt like a goddamn spiritual experience. Halle-fucking-lujah. Her eyes widen, as her perfect mouth opens slightly and her breathing quickens. I can feel the air between us crackling with electricity, while the hair on my arms and on the back of my neck stand on end. She lets out a little shiver, and I finally brake from my daze. Fucking Christ, Cullen. Get a grip , I think to myself. "Is this seat taken?" I ask, pointing to the empty bench seat across the table from her. I internally roll my eyes at how breathy my voice sounds. When did I become such a chick? I mentally berate myself. She blinks a couple of times before slowly shaking her head in the negative, a small smile creeping across her face. As I slide into the booth, I take a moment to really look at her. She has a heart-shaped face with large, exotic eyes; framed by extremely long, thick, black eyelashes that curl upward. Her slender nose is accentuated with a small crystal stud, and she has deep dimples on both cheeks, which are currently tinted a lovely shade of pink. Then, of course, there are the lips. Motherfuck . They are even better than I originally thought, huge and pouty and dark pink. Do lips like this really exist? I find myself wanting to suck on them just to see if they are as soft, squishy, and juicy as they appear. I can't help envisioning what they would look like wrapped around my cock as she takes me deep down her throat. I internally curse myself, Jesus fuck. Are we seventeen again? I reach down to subtly adjust my raging hard on, in hope of relieving some of the pressure. Looking back up to her amused eyes, I have the good sense to at least try to look a little sheepish at being caught blatantly ogling her. She raises one perfectly arched eyebrow in challenge and I lean back, crossing my ink covered arms across my chest challenging her with my best cocky smirk. To my utter surprise she does not back down, instead, she curls one side of her gorgeous mouth up into an answering smirk that is sexy as fuck. I cannot help but smile widely at her all the while maintaining eye contact. This beautiful girl is feisty. Here she is, sitting across from one of the most well known, not to mention, sought after musicians in the world, and she is staring me down, completely at ease. No screaming, no giggling, no hyperventilating…nothing. I can't believe it! The one girl I want to fawn all over me, and she merely rolls her eyes and looks back down to her book! What. The. Fuck. You have