Summary: An alternate universe examination of the relationship between Legolas and Aragorn in Aislynn Crowdaughter's very affecting darkfic, Mael Gul. Warning, although this story would be rated R, be advised that there are some very disturbing elements, including slash and BDSM. Disclaimer: I do not own this. JRR Tolkien owns the characters, and Crowdaughter owns the universe and concept of the Mael Gul. This is an alternate version of that already alternate universe, and it is being presented to you with the permission of the gracious adaneth who authored that tale. My thanks to IgnobleBard, who was the beta for this story. The Night That Covers Me Legolas winced as the first lash hit his bare shoulders. The Mael Gul spell had been extended yet again, binding him cruelly tightly now, yet he had not gone so deep into need that he welcomed the pain, or the other things Aragorn must do to bring himself to completion. No matter how great the need that came upon him, he never enjoyed being hurt. It was just something he endured, as he had for the past sixty years with the man he still sometimes thought of as Estel, and for the years before that, when he had no hope at all. The night was hazy, and the stars were veiled. Legolas and Aragorn were alone, a distance away from the camp. The rest of the Fellowship now knew that they were lovers, master and slave, and granted them their privacy, although Legolas doubted that the rest of them quite understood the enormity of how things stood between them. Naked, Legolas knelt on the bare, chill ground, his hands wrapped tightly around the trunk of a sapling for support. Aragorn had tied his hands, but only loosely for the formality of it. Legolas could have easily freed himself in a moment. This was wisdom out in the wild where danger might come without warning, but it was also a sign that his master trusted him not to fight, even in his extremis of pain. Aragorn had come to trust him more and more as the years went on. High in the dusky night sky a lone star burned. Legolas fixed his gaze upon it as another lash fell, this time across his lower ribs. He preferred that area, actually, for it did not interfere with the carrying of his quiver, nor his ability to sit. Although, after the night had ended, he would not be sitting comfortably either. It was simply a fact of life for him now. How ironic, he thought, that some in Middle-earth called this star, Eärendil, the Evenstar. 'The Evenstar' also described Arwen Undomiel, the one who thought of Legolas as her rival for Aragorn's affections. At first, Legolas had thought that the Lady Arwen would look on him with gratitude, did she but know what he endured in her stead. He now realized she was too much her father's daughter to appreciate his standing proxy for her in her beloved's activities. 'Are you proud, oh Brave Mariner, to look down from your heavenly craft and behold your distant descendent at his sport? ' Legolas wondered silently. 'And your son -- are you pleased to see what he has wrought upon the face of Arda? Or are you ashamed, rather, to see kin treating kin in such a way?' A voice spoke to him out of memory. Snatches of words in his mind. 'Proud . . . my son . . . proud of you . . . no matter what . . . .' His father's voice, choked with grief. And with it came a vision of Thranduil's face, twisted with anguish, tears in his eyes. It was the night that Legolas had died as a man; when Elrond had made of him a thing to be used by others. There would be no comfort in this memory and he sought another. This time he saw Thranduil's face, blank and bleak, reflected red light from the goblet of wine in his hand casting a dancing splash onto the stone ceiling of his chamber. When was this? So many times, Thranduil had sat alone with his thoughts and his wine. No matter, Legolas would find no ease here either. Another blow fell, along his left side, and Legolas paid it little heed. The scene in his mind had changed, and he ran through sunlight, along a narrow path. There still existed places in Taur nu Fuin, where the sunlight fell to earth and the grass grew green. In this memory, he was young and innocent, and he laughed to take in the woodsy scent of the trees. " Look, Ada, this bird is hurt!" Ahead of him, a wood-grouse scuttled along the trail, her wing held askew. He looked behind to see Thranduil, dressed in simple leathers and looking carefree for once. " Shall we help her?" His piping tones were the high ones of a young elf who had not yet gained his growth. "Nay, Legolas. She is not injured," his father had replied. "She has a nest of young ones nearby, and it is mother-love that moves her." In memory, Legolas watched the female grouse limp along the path. "Ada, why did Nana die?" "Because she could, my Little Leaf," Thranduil said sadly. "Because she could." Legolas knew that if he turned his head back in his mind's eye, he would see that he had made his father sad once again. There was no comfort in this memory either. Comfort had become increasingly hard to find in these latter days. A lash cut viciously between his shoulder blades, and Legolas gasped despite himself. From the burning sting of it as the night air hit the welt, he could tell that Aragorn had broken the skin. Wearing his quiver and pack tomorrow would be a torment. What was Aragorn thinking? Usually his master took more care when they were out together in the wild and Legolas might be expected to fight in his defense at any time. But Aragorn was becoming more and more careless of late. It was that cursed thing the hobbit Frodo carried, Legolas knew it. He could feel the fell influence of it himself, clouding his dreams and sleep visions, and sending his thoughts in dark directions even now, when awake. Always he saw it in the back of his mind as a burning wheel of fire, casting a ruddy glow on the blue light that held him. He fled into the past again, but the memory he found was not a good one. They rode on the Elf Path in Mirkwood, heading east. His father was silent, sitting his horse with a stiffness Legolas now understood only too well. Legolas's first ennin ceremony was over with. Elrond had insisted he attend, but he had been excused this time from . . . watching. Yet his heart ached for the captive elves he had seen led away, never to know freedom in their woods again. Thranduil held up his hand, bringing the train of mounted warriors to a halt. He dismounted, nodded to excuse himself and disappeared off into the trees. Legolas made as if to follow, but his father's esquire, Galion quickly stopped him. "It is not his bladder that needs to be relieved," Galion said. "He will not be able to keep food down for a fortnight. It has always been thus, from the very first ceremony and it will be worse now. Do not let him know I told you this but . . . ," Galion's voice was harsh with hatred, "that Golodh bastard made him beg for it this time." For a moment, Legolas could only stare in horror. "He hides it well." "Aye, that he does," Galion said. "His dignity among us is all that he has left now. I think he would prefer to let Elrond deny him and die, save that then the curse would be placed on his successor." Galion stared at Legolas meaningfully. Thranduil had returned then, looking his normal self save for a tightness about the eyes. He had sensed immediately what had passed between his son and his esquire and he gave Galion a weary look. After mounting his horse he gestured for the escort to fall back. "Give me leave a while. I would take counsel with my son in private." Legolas had ridden beside his father for a long time before Thranduil broke the uncomfortable silence. "Did you think, my son, that being royal was all about wearing a crown and bright jewels, drinking fine wines and having subjects rush to obey? Nay, we serve our people even more than they serve us. And sometimes the duty is most bitter. If pain is to be endured, it is we who must endure it rather than the folk we have taken it upon ourselves to rule." "Father, why does Elrond hate you so much?" Thranduil sighed and shook his head. "I have no idea. He and I were friends once, did you know? My father, Oropher, always warned me never to trust a Golodh, but Elrond seemed decent enough. Would that I had listened! Even as the armies of Imladris and Lothlórien marched toward our borders so long ago, I could not believe that it was anything other than a dark jest. How could they be serious in holding my father responsible for the death of Gil-galad?" Thranduil had paused, his face dark with old memories. "That first . . . night with Elrond convinced me he was serious. Two lost sons and a dead wife have convinced me he was serious. Not to mention the more than two hundred of our free folk he has carried off to a life of unspeakable horror." "To be a slave," Legolas said. "The idea fills me with dread. How do they bear it?" Thranduil shook his head. "To survive as a slave one must either twist or break." Legolas did not know what demon claimed his tongue to say what he did next, for he knew it would cause great pain for Thranduil to acknowledge that he, too, was a slave. "And you Father? Which has it done to you?" His father had smiled bitterly. "A little of both, I think. I made the bargain for myself and for our people, to stay alive in the hope that things might be set to right. In retrospect, it was a bad one, but we are in for better or worse. Turn aside now, and the sacrifice of those who came before went for nothing. All I live for now is the day when we become strong enough to throw off this yoke and Elrond will be at my mercy. It comes slowly, Legolas, but it comes. On that day when Elrond is finally beneath my hand, for the sake of my immortal faer, I will forgive him, for I know that good Radagast is right, and Elrond is unwittingly in the thrall of the Enemy. And then, for the sake of the friendship we once bore, I will put him down for the mad dog he has become." "But that would mean your death!" "So it would, but I would die a happy man. I will accept the pain for the freedom it will bring me. Or perhaps one of my own warriors will have the kindness to put me down for the mad dog I, myself, have become." Legolas had gone so deep into memory that the tearing pain in his backside took him unawares. He hissed in discomfort. What was this? Aragorn, or one of the toys? Feeling warmth rather than cold, he decided it was his master's flesh penetrating him. He would have to pay more attention now; make the right movements and noises. Otherwise Aragorn might lose his erection and be unable to complete the act. If that happened, and it had happened more than once over the course of