Ransom at the Redhorn "She ain't fit for heaven, but she can't stay in hell . . ." The Farmer's Cursed Wife, Traditional "Bring forth the prisoner!" Snarg, son of Snograt, Goblin-king of Moria, sat upon his throne of skulls, resplendent in his ceremonial kilt of tanned pale Elvish skins. His fearsome visage never failed to strike terror into the hearts of those poor captive wretches who had the misfortune to fall into his clutches. This one, who was currently being dragged in, struggling, between two of his guards, would be no different. "We waylaid her party while they were traveling through the Redhorn Pass, Your Magnificence," said Durgluk, his second in command. "We saved this one for you." She was a fine specimen of Elf-womanhood, hiding her face behind a curtain of silver-blonde hair while she fought to cover her slender body with the remnants of her ripped and tattered gown. "What shall I do with you?" A stirring beneath the Elfskin kilt rendered the question moot. Snarg saw a single violet eye widen through the silver fringe as his orc-hood freed itself, and he licked his black, ropey lips in anticipation. "Oh, by Elbereth, I've heard tales of the Orcs, but this is disappointing. Is that all the bigger it is?" She threw her hair back over her shoulder and let out peals of laughter. "The warts are the largest thing on it. My husband is a healer, you know, renowned throughout all of Eriador. He could give you a nice cream for that." "Silence, Elf-bitch," Snarg bellowed, hastily rearranging his kilt to disguise his flagging confidence. "Bitch? Who are you calling bitch ?" "You," Snarg countered. "I'm calling you a bitch, and you're in no position to complain." "Do you know who I am? I am the wife of Elrond Halfelven, Master of Rivendell. And I am the daughter of Artanis Galadriel, Lady of the Golden Wood, and you are in a world of trouble, you hairy, pustulent-" "Take her away!" Snarg ordered. "Clean her up while I decide what to do with her." "Can we . ..?" said Durgluk, his expression hopeful. "Anything you want. Just teach her some manners. Oh, and Durgluk . . .?" "Yes, Your Awfullness?" the orc replied as he and two other guards dragged the prisoner from the hall. "Did you kill her entire escort?" "Well . . . ." "Go on, the truth." "All but one or two. They know we have her, but it will be a long time before they come looking. Some pleasures are worth the risk." "Indeed," said Snarg. In his mind, the pleasures were fading quickly, but this woman was the relative of Elrond of Imladris and the Lady of the Golden Wood. There still might be a way to turn this venture into a profit. ~O~ After pondering his dilemma for some time - not the easiest task, since Snarg was an orc of action rather than one of reflection - he rang for his second in command. "Durgluk, take a letter." He cleared his throat and then stopped short when he took his first good look at the underling who was creeping up to the throne, face to the floor. "Wait a moment - who in Angband are you?" "I'm Snurtgul, Yer Fearsomeness." "What happened to Durgluk?" "Well, about Durgluk, it's really very sad. 'E took you at yer word, you see, and tried to ravish the prisoner. She didn't take kindly to that and kicked 'im in the bits. I wouldn'ta believed a light Elven shoe could do such damage if I hadn't seen it with me own eyes." "Hmm. Very sad for Durgluk. Where is he now?" "We had t' put 'im down. It was the kindest thing, really, what with his bollocks all smashed up between 'is kidneys like that. On the bright side, 'e was delicious." "Waste not, want not. Can you write?" "I can, me Lord. Learnt it from an elvish scribe I caught once. 'E was delicious. My letters ain't so pretty, but most folks can read 'em." "Good. Consider yourself my new chief lieutenant. Ready?" The former sniveling orc-flunky turned orc-noble assembled his writing materials and sat cross-legged on the floor, pen poised above the parchment. " To Elrond Peredhel, Master of Rivendell, greetings ." "Didja ever wonder why 'e calls 'imself 'Master' of Rivendell," Snurtgul interrupted. "It don't sound very grand to me, Yer Worshipfulness ." He enunciated the last grandiose title carefully for emphasis. "Buggered if I know," Snarg replied peevishly. He hated having his train of thought broken. "I never understood Elves. Or Half-elves. They're all crazy." He paused and cleared his throat to continue. " We have your beloved wife, the Lady Celebrian. If you want to see her again all in one piece and unspoiled - if you know what I mean and I think you do - you will deliver to the west gate of Moria a chest containing ten thousand kulustar as soon as possible. Signed, Snarg the Great and Terrible, absolute lord of Moria and the Misty Mountains surrounding, et cetera, et cetera. P.S. If kulustar are unavailable, an equal value in white gems or currency of Gondor will suffice." "Oooh, nice touch about the gems, Yer Magnificence," Snurtgul enthused. "I like white gems. But tell me, how are you planning to deliver this? You won't find any of our boys willing to march into Rivendell, not with the likes of that Elf-lord Glorfindel on patrol. They'd get killed first thing." "Hire an Easterling. Or use one of Saruman's Breelanders. They'll do anything for a copper. Now get to it!" Snurtgul backed from the room, bowing and scraping. He would have been pulling his forelock too, had he not been as bald as an egg. Snarg sat back on his throne and dreamed of the riches he was soon to possess. With ten thousand kulustar, he could buy concubines from Khand, dark, lovely wenches with rounded buttocks and big breasts, who knew their place and didn't laugh at a fellow's . . . warts. ~O~ He was still dreaming of his new wealth and fantasizing about plump compliant Khandish concubines four weeks later when Elrond's response arrived. Snarg broke the seal on the missive with gleeful anticipation. " To His Infernal Majesty, King Snarg of Moria," the missive began. " While the continued separation from my most beloved and treasured helpmeet, the lady Celebrian Celeborniel, grieves me deeply, I regret to inform you that the burdens of running the Last Homely House in the Middle Lands have become unduly onerous as of late. Providing complimentary bed and board for the Free Peoples of Middle-earth is no easy task, I can assure you. There is the usual cost of incense by the bale whenever the Chieftains of the Dúnedain are in residence, and have you any idea how much a hobbit can eat? But I digress. In short, my current financial deficit renders me quite unable to meet your demands. Perhaps next season will be better. Until then I remain, Your Humble and Devoted Servant, Elrond Peredhel, Master of Imladris" Snarg let out a mumbled curse. "Cheap bastard." "Well, ten thousand kulustar is a lot of money," his underling ventured. "But it's his wife and - wait, you're not Snurtgul! Who are you?" "I'm Gashblakh, Your Putridness, and I suppose I'm your new chief lieutenant." "Gah - what happened to Snurtgul?" "About Snurtgul, it's very sad, really. He told the prisoner that if she didn't quit her complaining about the food he'd shove a pintel up her backside to break her in right proper. Instead, she put her toe between his legs. Roont him then and there, what with his testy-cyools like to bulging out of his eye sockets." "That wasn't very bright of him," Snarg said. "No, it weren't," Gashblakh agreed. "But Snurtgul never was one of your great thinkers. On the bright side, he was delicious." Never a one to be knocked off his bow-legged stride by adversity, Snarg examined his alternatives. "So what if her husband is a skinflint? He isn't the only family she's got. Take a letter, Gashblakh. Er, you can take a letter, right?" The orc nodded in the affirmative. "Good," Snarg continued. " To the Lady Galadriel, Mistress of the Golden Wood and her husband Celeborn. . ." "I think you might want to put some commas-" Gashblakh piped in but fell silent at a glare from Snarg. "Sorry." "As I was saying," Snarg continued, " We have your daughter. If you want her back, bring five thousand kulustar to the Dimrill Gate of Moria as soon as possible. She's not real happy here, if you catch my drift. Signed, Snarg the Merciless, Dread Lord of Moria and its surrounding environs ." "Short, but to the point," Gashblakh remarked as Snarg rolled up the parchment and used a large glob of snot to seal it. "Y'want me to have that Easterling deliver it to the Wood?" Snarg shook his head. "This time, hire a Dunlending. More likely not to get shot on sight." Lothlórien being much close than Rivendell, Snarg had his answer within ten days. "What, you again?" he said when Gashblakh scuttled in bearing a missive in his clawed hand. "Of course it's me, Yer Horridness. Why would y'be expectin' anyone else?" "I don't know. I'm getting used to my guards trying to have their way with the Elf-woman and getting themselves killed." "Why, I would never!" Gashblakh exclaimed. He sounded shocked at the idea. "You have a good sense of self-preservation," Snarg said. "I like that in a fellow." "Oh no," the underling went on. "I mean, I would never think of having my way with that she-Elf. How could I be unfaithful to my Urgren?" His face took on a dreamy look. "You should see her, my Urgren. Her hair is long and stringy, with hardly any lice to speak of. Her nose has a little crook in it - just so - and it's shaped like one o' them turnips. Her teeth have them fetching gaps that catch food, so her breath always smells like rotting meat. And her paps! Best pair in all of Moria. They hang down below her belly-button, they do, and her nipples point dead straight at the floor." "She sounds irresistible. No wonder you aren't tempted by the prisoner." "Oh, I'm tempted plenty," Gashblakh replied. "That's why I have Urgren guarding her so I don't have to go anywhere near." "Good thinking," Snarg said. "Now give me Galadriel's letter. Arrggh, what nonsense is this?" The rolled parchment was bound in a silver riband and some kind of vine with the leaves and blossoms still clinging. When Snarg undid the elaborate bow and unwound the vine, the parchment unfurled, almost to the floor, releasing a shower of golden petals. The smell of incense filled the room, setting the two orcs to coughing and gagging. "She's cruel, she is, "Gashblakh muttered. " My dearest King Snarg ," the Goblin-king began to read, " children are one of the most gratifying blessings of an immortal life, and the time I spent with my cherished daughter during her extended visit to my realm shall be ever a precious memory to me until Ambar Metta. But in the course of Elven events, it becomes necessary to loosen the bond between parent and child, to let the little bird out of the nest to fly free, as it were . . . " "Yer Terribleness . . .?" Snarg's eyes unglazed and his head snapped up with a muffled snort at a poke from his lieutenant. "I'm sorry, Gashblakh, I must have dozed off." "She does go on and on," Gashblakh concurred solicitously. "Go on. You look. What's her answer?" "I think it's no." Gashblakh scanned down the rest of the long parchment, his lips moving as he went. "Definitely no." Snarg said a word so vile that