A/N : Well the plunny struck again and I'm finally going to try my hand at a multichapter. This story is going to include a lot of lemons and more than just the Dramione pairings, however Draco's and Hermione's relationship journey and their sexual escapades will be the main focus! A huge beta love shoutout to the amazing Frogster, who made my story all shiny and readable! And as always much love to my amazing mini alpha ElleMalfoy65 who's always there to hear my ideas and lets me bug her when she's busy with her own stories! (Which everyone should check out because they are amazing and so are Frogster's!) Disclaimer: Still own nothing sadly. Chapter One: It's Only for One Night. April 16th, 2003 Hermione smoothed down the front of her ebony silk blouse and took in her appearance in the mirror, sighing loudly at what she saw. She was 23 and she felt like she looked 30. The same unruly hair and petite frame she had while attending Hogwarts stared back at her, but her face showed her life's journey. Working herself into an early grave at the ministry seemed to be her only constant lately. No man in her life to warm her bed, which brought her to what she was getting herself ready for now. Ginny and Pansy had convinced her into hitting up the the new club that had just opened in Diagon Alley the previous week. Pansy was a little more crude about it, though, declaring Hermione was in need of a good round of "find the snitch" and had better hop on the first good-looking "broomstick". Hermione chuckled to herself at the memory as she put the finishing touches on her makeup. She knew if she went in bare-faced that the girls would have her looking like a dimestore tramp before they ever made it to the club. She picked out a pair of emerald stilettos and slipped them on; they matched perfectly with the dark denim jeans she had squeezed herself into. Pansy had been right, she was in desperate need of a physical release and this pair of jeans made her arse look incredible. She cast a quick cushioning spell on her feet and headed out towards the apparition point outside her flat. She soon found herself outside of "The Rabbit Hole," Pansy and Ginny flanking her and bouncing around in excitement. "Can you believe it, Ginny?" Pansy"s cherry red lips were upturned into a slightly evil looking grin. "Our little Hermione's all grown up and trolling for some action!" Ginny let out a loud snort and Hermione just hung her head low, hoping the surrounding audience didn't hear her loud companions. It had been twenty minutes, twenty fucking minutes of listening to Gin and Pans talking loudly about the many ways to get away with being serviced at a bar. They weren't talking about getting drinks either. By the time Hermione and the girls made it to the entrance of the club, her face was completely covered in a dark blush. She looked flushed and out of breath. The large wizard at the front checked their IDs and arched an eyebrow at Hermione's obviously flustered appearance. She quickly muttered a "thank you, sir" when he handed the ID back to her and hurried into the building. She felt Pansy's hands on her back, pushing her towards an empty table, the smoky atmosphere flashing by her in a blur. "Move faster, slutbags, we don't want to be standing the whole time." Ginny's voice had barely registered in her ear as she dashed past them both. Reaching the empty booth first, Ginny waved her hand towards a nearby waitress and yelled out "We need three bottles of firewhiskey and three shot glasses!" She had paused for a moment and looked to be contemplating something, her face scrunched up, eyes squeezed shut, and her mouth in a thin tight line. "Make it four bottles," she finished while sitting down and dropping her purse to the side. Hermione and Pansy finally reached their friend a few minutes later and gave Ginny a look. "What?" Ginny asked, rolling her eyes at the pair. "I'm thirsty." "Four bottles, Red?" Pansy let out a low whistle and continued, "That's a little past the "I'm thirsty" spectrum." Ginny just shrugged her shoulders and smirked. "Besides, two bottles are for all the unsuspecting specimens we will be tossing her way," she said, tipping her head towards Hermione.. Hermione audibly gulped and said a small prayer to herself, hoping whatever deity out there controlling her fate would hear her silent pleas that she went home with a Ryan Reynolds and not a Gregory Goyle, who was actually located three tables to the left surrounded by a few Slytherin alumni from their final year. Most everyone had returned after the war to finish and retake that dreaded final year. That was how she and Pansy had became friends. The sly Slytherin was a genius when it came to transfiguration and she and Hermione were often partnered up on the trickier assignments. While pondering the past, Hermione was too deeply engrossed to see her dark-haired friend wave over a few of those Slytherins to join them at their table. She didn't even notice when the attractive sex god himself had slid in beside her—not until her senses were completely overcome by a rich musky aroma. The fragrance was intoxicating and suffocating all at once. It caught her off guard and lured a sharp cough from her lungs. A quiet chuckle went off beside her. "Easy there, Granger." Hermione's head snapped up suddenly and her eyes took in her new neighbor, the owner of the alluring scent. Her mind went completely blank when she saw who it was. Her heart quickened and a bubble of air caught in her throat, a light sheen of sweat suddenly accosting her skin. Silver-tinted eyes were staring down at her, a definite glow of amusement shining through them. "Malfoy?" she asked and then cursed herself for her stupidity. "Nope." he replied. "I'm the bloody pope." His voice was dripping with sarcasm and she couldn't help a small smile as she realized just what he said. "What's so funny ,Granger?" His full lips were forming a lopsided grin and Hermione's brain began screaming at her. " Sexy as fuck!" " Have his biceps always looked like that?" " Ask him to take his shirt off!" Hermione's hand shot out and grabbed the newly poured shot Ginny had just shoved near her and knocked it back quickly, choking a little as it burned its way down her throat. " SHUT UP!" she shouted inwardly, hoping to silence and derail her treacherous brain from its current path. "I didn't know you even knew what a pope was, Malfoy," she finally said, answering his question; the shot had helped calm her nerves a little. He let out a loud bellowing laugh at her reply. Simultaneously, Hermione's hormones started flowing and sending blood rushing to her core at the melodic sound. "Yes, well, I was starting to get offended everytime a muggle bird would begin praising god for my oh-so-generous efforts in bed." He took his own shot of firewhiskey before continuing. "I got curious and did some research." Hermione's cheeks immediately reddened at his answer and she lifted her second shot to her lips. "Oh my," she whispered to herself. "We are in trouble." Suddenly she felt a hot breath of air on the nape of her neck and trembled at the sensation. "Yes." Draco was now leaning over her, trailing his fingers down her back. "We are," he finished the sentence with his lips on her earlobe. She was shocked by his sudden brashness but couldn't deny he was a damn fine example of a male specimen. "It's only for one night," she told herself and decided to just relax and enjoy the attention. Two hours of surprisingly intelligent conversation, two bottles of alcohol, five incredibly sensuous dance numbers and Hermione soon found herself back at her apartment, a grinning and handsy Malfoy in tow. She had barely turned the key in the door before his hands were tugging her shirt from her jeans. His warm hands sent shocks of electricity through her system as he worked them over her soft skin. They were stumbling through the doorway when he finally wrenched the offensive fabric from her body, revealing the peach lace bra that was cupping her modest-sized breasts. He let out a growl and kicked the door closed before descending on her again, smothering every inch of exposed flesh with his hands and mouth. Her body was practically singing beneath his attentions as she worked her hands around him and began bunching up his shirt in an effort to remove it. He stopped for a few moments, sensing what she needed, and liberated himself of his shirt. She let out a low moan at the sight of him. As a professional Quidditch player for the Cannons, he obviously had taken great care of his body. He was all hard lines and chiseled muscle, firm sculpted abs and the most perfect pelvic V she had ever seen. She sucked her bottom lip between her teeth when he fixed his sultry stare on her. His pupils were almost blown—a combination of tonight's copious amount of liqueur and pure unadulterated lust. She let her hands sweep across his chest, marveling at the feeling of his body beneath her fingertips. Draco let out a loud groan at the contact. Grabbing her hands, he helped her touch him, moving her fingers further down his body, guiding them lower to the waistband of his slacks. He pressed one of her hands down into them, forcing her to cup his large erection. She whimpered as he took her skin between his teeth and nibbled at the base of her throat. "That's all for you, love," he said against her skin as she slowly worked her delicate fingers over him. Grasping his cock over the fabric of his briefs, she began moving her hand up the length of him. She gripped him firmer near his base and slightly squeezed before repeating the same motion again. A low hiss and a sharp "Fuck, Granger" were her reward and her face lit up at the fact that she could elicit such a reaction from him. He desperately grabbed at her face, crushing his lips to hers and kissing her with such passion that Hermione thought she was going to be burnt to ashes from the heat he was emitting. She moaned loudly into his mouth and quickly started working her hand over him, reveling in the guttural sounds spewing from his lips and flowing into her own. He stilled her hand after a few minutes, afraid he was going to come far too quickly before he ever got to indulge in the sweet nectar currently soaking through her underwear and permeating the air around them with the scent of her arousal. He pulled her hand out of his pants and kissed each of her fingertips. "Slow down, kitten," he murmured, amused at the look of confusion on her face. " I was about to come all over this pretty little hand of yours before I got a chance to fuck you properly." Hermione sucked in a breath at his confession and fashioned on a coy smile. "Well, Mr. Malfoy, might I suggest the bedroom for this proper fucking?" He smiled back at her and nodded his head. "Lead the way." He let out a muted growl when she turned around and began walking towards her bedroom. Her arse looked absolutely perfect in those tight little jeans she had on. He bit down on his knuckles to stifle his groans when she looked back at him and crooked her pointer finger in a come hither motion. He followed behind her, eyes fixated on the sway of her hips, into a