RADIANCE " The Universe is very, very big. It also loves a paradox. For example, it has some extremely strict rules. Rule number one: Nothing lasts forever. Not you or your family or your house or your planet or the sun. It is an absolute rule. Therefore when someone says that their love will never die, it means that their love is not real, for everything that is real dies…" "Is my hair alright?" "Perfect," she assures. "And my tie, is it too crooked? Does the color look a bit…off?" She shakes her head, slowly and with utmost certainty. "You're great..." I scowl, "Am I really?" She pauses, leans over, and nudges my chin, "Hey, look at me, darling," she coos. My eyes flicker and I fight to hold her gaze. "You're a...bright, shining star. Brighta' than the whole sky." I crack a smile, "Come on..." "It's true, darling!" She laughs as she backs up and frames me with her fingers. "You promise?" I tap my fingers on the side of my leg nervously. Her hands fall, but her gaze does not. "I promise wit' two cherries on top. Now stand still, honey," she chimes. Then she goes back to circling me like a jackal, eyes narrowed and fingers clenched together. Her eyes scan the entirety of my suit, searching for any imperfections—anything that might set the people off in the slightest. It couldn't be yellow, it would have been much too bright and sunny and they would notice that. But it couldn't be anything dark like a navy or violet. Then she tilts her head and chews on her thumbnail with such force, as if her final verdict meant the future of this entire country. And if only it weren't true. I took great care this morning choosing my tie, because my father once told me the color of a man's tie tells people what kind of man you really are. If you choose a tie too dark, you'll be perceived as boring and mediocre and everybody will lose interest. But if it's too light or too patterned, people will assume you're trying too hard to please. I never understood why it mattered until now. The real trick is to wear a tie that looks like it was chosen without care; make it a bit loose, or shift it a little. People will catch on pretty quick, and one of them is bound to mention it eventually. I've learned that something as small as a crooked tie can distract people and leave an impression on them—it'll leave them guessing, wanting more. Unpredictability, I find, can serve as a deadly offense. And that is why I chose a soft gray. It doesn't mean anything. See, the color doesn't really matter in the end, but the tie does. My father and I never seemed to agree on that. "There," she pats my shoulders and takes a few steps back, a proud look on her exceedingly tanned face. She bites her bottom lip, "Turn around for me, honey", she shrills in that devilish accent. I sigh and slowly spin around with a small simper on my face. "You look just adorable . They're going ta' love ya', I promise." She snaps her fingers at some Avoxes. One of them rolls in a full length, gold accentuated mirror and positions it in front of me. I can't help but admire the work of the stylists. There is not a single flaw on my face—my suit is perfectly ironed and my teeth a glistening white. My hair is combed and tousled just enough to give me the appearance of a young man who awoke this morning to a horrible nightmare, nervous and excited at the prospect of taking over his father's role as president of Panem. My suit has false wrinkles in areas where it counts—this is, after all, a difficult period of time for a man so young. I was instructed by governing officials to appear engaging and aloof; barely aware of the laws of the Capitol, misunderstood and slightly overwhelmed. This isn't to say, of course, that I am only acting. Obviously, I am in mourning, and I certainly am very nervous. But, behind the scenes, it's important to be strong, and in a couple of weeks, I can freely show Panem this confidence and strength. I can say with utmost sincerity that I, Leon Lockhart, have never felt better. I slowly place my palm on the mirror, just to make sure this is all real. That I am indeed the man I am, and that in a couple of minutes, I will present myself for the first time to the entire country . It's unbelievable, really. Here I am, barely twenty-one years old and ruling the entire goddamn country. I flash myself a dazzling smirk and gently glide my fingers down the mirror's surface. Soon, some men with large black cameras and microphones enter the room, but before they can even approach me, they are brushed off the side by several armed guards. I get an idea to glance down upon my shined shoes with a look of insecurity for the cameras, because I need to act like I am frightened of this new role thrust upon me, no? "I still don't know if I'm ready for this. What if they don't love me like you said? What if I say the wrong thing?" I worry. The slightly orange woman—her name escapes me even now, massages my shoulders from behind and consoles me with a quote from what I think is a poem. It is rather strange but I pretend like it really moves me. When she's finally finished with her recital I look up and, rather regrettably, give the tanned woman an awkward hug without actually touching her. I don't want my suit to get any unwanted wrinkles, and I really didn't want to touch the woman anyway. "Settle down, Leon. Wait until afta' the speech, mkay? Then you's can hug me all ya' want." Oh that just sounds delightful. Now I'll have to find some way to avoid her after I get back in. It requires great effort not to roll my eyes. Something about these "stylist" people always irked me. My father used to encourage me to date a Capitol woman in the entertainment industry because that way I'd get some more publicity. I always assumed the old man was joking. I couldn't always tell. Before he passed I was something of an enigma because I was so rarely seen outside the mansion walls. It wasn't that I was advised never to show my face, it was more like I just hated being seen in public. I imagine my emergence as the nation's leader will be a shock, not so much because he died, but more because people may have forgotten I even existed. I'm suddenly beckoned over to a corner of the lavish marble room by an important looking bald man wearing an earpiece. It's strange having people this significant talking to you. I could have sworn I saw my father talking to this same man months before. Back then, being merely the President's elusive son, attendants and Avoxes were instructed to leave me be unless I was being delivered meals or reminders. I was never fond of being interrupted while I was studying, but I couldn't help but feel a twinge of jealousy when my father was constantly surrounded by people I've seen on television. I always wished to feel that sense of importance. And now that I have it, I think I understand now why my old man had to keep dying his hair. The stress is unbelievable. "Sir, I'm afraid we're a bit behind on schedule. We're going to give you about five minutes out there before we need to escort you to the theater room for the viewings if you want to watch them live. Also, you have an interview with Nimbus at noon and a press conference to attend at four. As is tradition, there will be a grand feast tonight at around nine. This will, uh, give everyone a chance to get acquainted with you. Tonight, don't forget we will have a conference concerning some other important issues—we'll go over all that later." My head is swimming as the official breathlessly goes over today's plans. One thing I am genuinely interested in though, is a subject that everyone seems to be curiously avoiding. I rub my chin and decide it best to break the ice, "And of those viewings later…they are for the Reapings, correct?" The man hesitates, but nods affirmatively. "We felt it best if you were informed about them after the speech—things are just a bit chaotic at the moment." "I understand," I grimace. In reality, I don't understand any of this. I should have been informed of all this earlier. Why do I suddenly feel like there's more I'm not being told? I want to say something more to the man, to ask him what's being kept secret, when I notice a rapid movement coming from the doorway, accompanied by a roaring outside that sends vibrations through the very walls of the mansion. I suddenly feel a massive weight on my shoulders. "Mr. President, be ready. You're on in about 30 seconds," says a voice from the doorway. Damn, I didn't expect it to be so soon. And 'Mr. President'? The name sounds odd—unfitting, and foreign. I mean…I knew this was coming one day, it was inevitable I would assume the mantle. But to be called it…that was my father's title. My head is spinning, voices from every direction pushing me towards the door—but not before my stylist reaches for my shoulder. "Wait, darling. You'll be needin' this," she hands me a small vial of an unlabeled substance. It looks like an eyedropper. I give her an unabashed look. "Fake tears, Leon. You's gonna need em' for the look you goin' for. Quick, now. A good two drops in each eye will make those eyes watah' in no time." I lean my head down and drip the liquid into each eye. Upon impact into my pupil I feel a stinging sensation, and I'm momentarily blinded. I curse and knock into somebody, and I hear a few chuckles which really annoys me because nobody bothers to steer me in the right direction. I don't even have a chance to open my eyes before I feel myself being practically shoved out the large white door onto the balcony. I stumble near the microphone, the roaring of the crowd so loud it deafens my senses until the screeching feedback from the microphone forces a perpetual silence from the thousands below. I rub my eyes and upon opening them, the blaring rays of the sun shine right into my pupils, blinding me again, forcing me to shield my face. When my eyes finally get adjusted to the new day, my breath hitches at the sight of the crowd below. Thousands of blue camera flashes twinkle from beneath, hypnotizing me—the idea that now the entirety of Panem has its eyes on me is both a daunting and exhilarating prospect that can only be experienced in order to believe it. I swallow down, the dryness in my throat overwhelming. It's as if I shoved cotton in my mouth, and it's humiliating. I glance back towards the doorway which is ajar several feet behind me. The blue haired official mouths a "five minutes", and I guess because I'm still looking at him he starts to freak out and gives me a multitude of hand signals. The first is five fingers, the second is a "turn around" hand signal, and finally, his hand meets his face and he retreats back inside. I clear my throat but because I'm so close to the microphone, it's heard. I can't exactly pinpoint individual faces, but there is a sea of rainbow that hasn't moved or uttered a sound. Hopefully