All Rights go to Warner Bros, JRR Tolkien, Peter Jackson and Co. Image Rights go to 89ravenclaw on Deviantart. AN: This story will mostly follow the epic quest line of Lord of The Rings Online. This is not a walkthrough, direct rehash, but an account of what happend during the time that the Fellowship began with the Ring being revealed, to the leaving of the last ship from the Gray Havens and maybe beyond. The heroes we take for granted are the ones we don't know about. This hero will bleed, barely make it out alive, and in some cases fail. He wouldn't be called a hero if it was easy. Now let's go out the door and step onto the road... I awoke on a cold stone floor. The last thing I remember before blacking out was being surrounded by brigands. Moonlight filtered through the bars of my prison. How I got into this predicament you ask? I guess I should start from the beginning. My name is Danagor, I was raised near the shores of Evendim, with the reflections of the ruins of Annúminas on the lake's surface. My father was a ranger but he left soon after I was born. When the chieftain of the tribe sent a letter and my father's blade, my mother instantly declared that I wouldn't be a Ranger. Then again, destiny doesn't ask for permission. Growing up among other kids who were to become rangers was hard. Being forbidden from touching a blade, they called me servantboy. One of the Rangers took pity on me and began teaching me the skills of tracking and healing. I paid attention to his lessons as best as I could, but the only thing I wanted to learn was how to wield a blade. His stories of elves, men and dwarves filled me with wander lust. Battles between good and evil frequently took place in his tales. The legends of ages past were the tales I grew up hearing. My mentor's favorite words to begin a story were "He that has ears, let him hear." Often the tales had hidden meanings in them. Home, love and friendship was more important then wealth. Love can flourish between peoples who are taught at a young age to dislike each other. At times, I thought about the matter of what the Elves called The Undying West and the Halls of Mandos. One time, I asked my teacher why we were the divided at death? Surely, there was a place where the children of Eru lived together in peace after death? My teacher looked up at me. "Ah young one, Eru gave each of his children gifts. The gift of men is death and because of such a gift, our lives are richer for it. We live each day making our time count seeking to spread happiness to others." I wanted to go out and see the sights of Arda with my own eyes. Rivendell, Lorien, the Argonath, Minas Tirith and the fields of Rohan. The old ranger brought me to these faraway places, on roads that went ever on and on. I imagined myself going to these faraway places, whenever I traveled the dusty road to the market. Too often, I got caught with my head in the clouds by my mother. I passed it off as thinking what would make the best deal at the rangers relics buyer that came around four times a year. Speaking of him, the only thing that held his attention and my own was my father's sword. I had only dared seeing it a few times hidden underneath the floorboards of my mother's bed. My father's sword seemed to mock me, it's shine of nobility and pride set my blood boiling. The blade was nothing I had ever seen before. The blade glimmered, as if it had an inner light. The hilt was gold with runes written on the blade. The hand and a half grip was soft leather. The cross guard was knobbed at the ends, two pale jems set in them. I knew the sword was important somehow and though the desire to wield it was great, a sense told me it was not yet my time. It was almost an extension of my arm, light and quick. Even at a young age I could pick it up, looking like a fool with a sword that was bigger than me. At the age of seven, I asked my teacher to teach me how to fight with a blade. Most of my other friends had to wait until they were twelve in order to learn how to learn how to sword fight. My teacher, whose name I sadly can't recall, had no son of his own and agreed. With no father, I had to do double chores around the house. I was already stronger than most kids my age. The months of summer had me fighting with a wooden sword and shield. I will never forget the look on my teacher's face when I mastered the moves he shown me and knocked the sword out of his hands to prove my skill. He called my fighting skill unlike anything he had seen before. That year I also got into my first fight with a big eleven year old nearly a foot over my own height. I knocked him out with a right hook to the face. My mother did some yelling I shall never forget. At age nine, when most boys were becoming familiar with swords, I began working on what kind of warrior I would be. I always wanted to protect others and lead men into battle so I became a warrior with the skills of a healer. Most had only picked one set of skills, but I wasn't most people. At age ten, I became an armorsmith. Making heavy armor to withstand the blows of trolls and other evils. In a few years, I became an apprentice to the armorsmithing guild, making works that even satisfied the passing Dwarves. At age 14, my teacher died. I hid my skills from my mother, but she found out anyway. She just sat down with a sigh. "You have too much of your father in you, my son. You are even starting to look like him." There were no pictures of my father in the house, all that I had was mother's memory. "Your father was the greatest man I knew. His hair was blonde and his eyes were a shade of blue." The answer was always the same. Before my mother married she was said to be the most beautiful woman of the Dúnedain. I had my mother's dark hair mixed with my father's blonde. My eyes were like my father's, a bright blue. Stubble grew on my face, but I shaved before it became a beard. My looks did attract a few girls my age, but romance didn't interest me. Well, there was a woman's voice that made my heart twitch a little every time I heard it. A soft cry for help coming from the darkness of my dreams. I never mentioned this to anybody, they would call me a daydreamer. My teenage years passed in a blur of activity. There was always something to do to restore the ruins or search for artifacts. At my current age of nineteen, bandits raided my cart, searching for artifacts that they could sell. I had heard that they planned to use me as a sort of gladiator to fight for their enjoyment. That was how I got lying in a cell, far from home. A sharp clang followed by a thud of a body came from the hallway off to the left. A man clad in the garb of a Ranger, stepped into the light and unlocked the door. This man I recognized from the local stories. Strider, the chieftain of the Dúnedain, whose real name was only know to a select few. The man immediately gave me a sword and shield. "Hurry friend! Those Blackwolds will soon be upon us!" I started for the exit only to find it blocked by a single bandit. I knocked his sword away and ran him through the chest. He didn't even have time to call for help. Exiting into the yard, I found two hobbits cowering before two bandits. I had seen hobbits in Oatbarteon before and they were always willing to help as long as they got well fed afterwards. "Misery me!" the old hobbit yelled. His eyebrows were arched, looking like an old man caught in a permanent state of surprise. I ran up and bashed the bandit with my shield and slammed the other sword away with my sword. Turning, I sliced through his chest and stabbed the one behind me that was stunned from my blow. "Thank you, kind stranger." A young hobbit with blonde hair spoke up. She had a certain motherly quality to her that was combined with a sense of mischievousness. "Now I can cause a distraction for us to flee." the female hobbit grabbed a torch and flung it up towards the thatched roof of a nearby inn. It caught like kindling. The old hobbit had opened the door. "After you, friend!" Flames started to spread around us followed by the cries of "FIRE!" and "Get water!" The bandits were distracted alright. In chaos, the fight or flight instinct takes over. They would be too busy to notice that their prisoner's were escaping. Before exiting the small hideout, I was blocked by a barred entry with a figure wearing a black robe just behind it. The figures horse was as dark as midnight. Another Ranger stood before the black rider. "Go back to the shadow, fallen king!" He swung his torch and the rider recoiled with a screech. The rider drew a blade and pierced the Ranger. "AHH!" The ranger fell screaming clutching his gut as if he had been burned. The rider turned towards me and the hobbits. "Oh dear!" the female hobbit yelled. "These are not the hobbits I am looking for but this ranger will do for now." The figures tone sounded like a raspy breath and the night itself seemed to darken as the rider approached the fallen Ranger. The flames from the spreading fire came over the thatched roof. The rider recoiled "Accursed flames!" The horse reared in fright. Strider appeared beside his fallen ranger. "Go back! You shall not harm these folk!" Strider flung his torch and the figures robes caught fire. The horse bolted out of the gate the rider making high pitched screams that set my teeth on edge. I leaned next to the wounded rangers side. The wound was deeper than it should have been and the rangers breath was feeble gasps. "The Nazgul fear... the wielders of...fire." The man passed out. "The Nine are abroad once more.' In the tales from my mentor, the Nazgul were the most feared servants of Sauron and were last seen when he was at his prime. Strider broke into my foreboding thoughts. "I am too late. Amdir has been stabbed by a morgul blade." He threw the ranger over a horse. "The town of Archet is closest. We must ride." The hobbits took up one horse and I saddled another. Strider was in front, with another horse trailing behind bearing Amdir. The sun was just beginning to rise as a town came into view. A nearby signpost read: Archet. A collection of buildings came into view, sheltered by high cliffs and a river flowed lazily by. An elderly man with silver hair and a captain's uniform stopped us just before we entered. HIs armor was leather and mail identifying him as a guard of the town. "Strider, I thought this was your doing." The man said gruffly, obviously not trusted Strider one bit. "Captain Brackenbrook, my companions need rest after tonight and one of us is wounded." Amdir groaned, his