hiiiiii so i wrote a oneshot and here it is. thank you thank you thank you to those who looked over parts of it, especially to SunflowerFran for doing such great work on the final product. . . . "no amount of sound" . . . As soon Edward gets to work on Monday morning, he already wants to go home. Well, not home, necessarily because his roommate is at work and the house is too empty and quiet. It makes Edward nervous, he can't stand the quiet and he can't stand being alone. This is why a career in radio made the most sense to him. But anyway, Edward doesn't want to go to work and he doesn't want to go home. He'd really rather just not be anywhere at all anymore—no anxiousness or emptiness or tiredness. Just nothing at all. He hesitates to think that he'd much rather just be dead. Edward shakes the thought out of his mind as he reaches the station. It's a converted house built in the early 20th century, down by the Sound in Seattle. A 104.3 sticker is peeling off the front doorand Edward runs his finger over the loose edge in a half-hearted attempt to make it right. It sticks for just a moment before sagging again. The sight of it makes his mood somehow worse. Inside, it's noisy, The Vaccines blasting over the speakers while he hears someone yelling over the music further down the hallway. Edward nods at the girl at the front desk, some high schooler there on an internship for the last couple of weeks of the summer. " That was Dream Lover by The Vaccines ; you're less than five minutes away from the new Circa Waves track. Keep it here on 104.3, Seattle's only independent alternative station ." Edward gets to the studio right as Alice finishes her speech and her voice fades into a commercial jingle about tires. "Hey," he says, setting his backpack down. He always carries it with him, but right now, it only has a flash drive and oversized headphones inside. "How's it goin'?" she smiles brightly at him. Alice is in charge of the morning show and has been here since five. It's just after eight thirty now and she won't leave until well after two. Alice is a hard worker and all of the listeners love her. She's got full sleeves of flower tattoos on both arms and her long, dark hair is always twisted on top of her head. She looks like she belongs in a garden instead of the dimly lit studio, a coffee bigger than her head sitting next to her. "Fine, how are you?" Edward says. Alice fights back the urge to comment that he always says he's fine. He'd been here a couple of years, fresh out of college and Alice thinks he has a lot of potential. He's always on time and can be very friendly and charming if he needs to be. She's been telling him for years he has the perfect voice for radio and he was always coming to her with new music to check out, but whenever she broaches the topic of him being a jock, he always shrugs it off. He claims he's happy right where he is—head of promotions and in charge of two, typically annoying interns. "I'm great," Alice, tells him and she wishes he would smile more. "Today is Mike and Angela's last day." Her news makes a little, lopsided smirk find its way onto his face. Edward doesn't mind Angela, she's nice and does good work, but she isn't anything special. Mike, on the other hand, is the bane of Edward's existence. He's always late and is always forgetting something—the flyers to hand out, the extra pack of stickers, his shoes, et cetera. "I thought that would please you," Alice says. "Next batch will be in tomorrow morning." Edward nods as she slides her hand up the board in front of her, the commercials fading smoothly into My Love . . . . The next morning, Edward counts the number of red lights he stops at as he makes his way to the station. He listens to whatever Alice is spinning on the radio and contemplates how badly it would hurt to just drift into the intersection and be slammed on both sides by those in a hurry to get somewhere. He tries to imagine the sound of metal crunching around him and the smell of rubber burning, but it makes him tired. Instead, he counts red lights. A total of six opportunities to die. He's the closest to actually doing it on the sixth one, but Alice's voice floats through his speakers, updating him on the traffic and the weather. He remembers the interns and sighs, knowing that if he dies today, then Emmett is going to have to be the one to get them oriented. That would be a complete and total disaster. When he pulls into the parking lot, he notes a car he doesn't recognize—a blue Honda that looks like a brand new model. It must be an intern, but since it's such a nice looking car, he can't help the dread that creeps into his stomach as he imagines having to deal with another entitled rich kid. He's had enough of that. Inside, Alice is talking to a tall, gangly boy wearing a striped t-shirt and a nervous expression. "Here he is," Alice says, motioning towards Edward. The boy holds out a clammy hand and Edward shakes it, trying to make himself smile. Alice watches him carefully. "I'm Edward," he says, his voice gruff from not using it since yesterday evening. He had spent his night alone in his room; his roommate was working a late shift. They haven't crossed paths in two days. "Ben Cheney," he says and after their handshake, Edward has to resist the urge to wipe his hand on his jeans. "The other intern should be here…" Alice trails off, looking down at her clipboard. "Bella Swan?" She looks at Ben as if he can confirm this, but he shrugs. Edward scrubs a hand over his face and at the same time, the front door swings open. A girl who Edward assumes is Bella Swan is suddenly inside, nearly tripping over the doorjamb. "I'm so, so, so, sorry I'm late," she breathes, her voice high and clear. "I didn't realize this place was so far from the bus stop." "You took a bus here?" Alice asks, as her eyebrows rise. Alice and Edward know that if she's coming from the University, it's an hour ride at least. "I don't have a car," the girl shrugs like it isn't a big deal. Alice continues her staring while Edward yawns. "I'm Bella," she says, holding out her hand to Alice. "Bella Swan." They shake hands and Alice introduces herself. Bella smiles widely at her, as if they're good, old friends. "Edward Cullen," Edward says, moving to do the same. Her hand connects with his, small fingers wrapping around his palm and he's surprised not only by how warm her hand is, but also by how firmly she shakes his. "I'll leave you to it," Alice says, breezing her way down the hallway to her studio. "Well, if you guys want to follow me, we'll start in my office and go over a few things," Edward says casually and he tries not to stare at the way Bella's cheeks are blooming red and how long her eyelashes are as they shift to her shoes. Edward Cullen's office is a form of controlled chaos. His desk takes up a lot of space and he tosses his bag on top of it, a few drafts for some flyers fluttering to the ground. He gestures to a small, beat-up futon set up across the room and the interns take a seat. Edward notices the way that Bella makes herself seem smaller as she sits. Ben stretches out and they make a stark contrast. Bella's eyes wander the titles of the cassette tapes on Edward's shelf as Ben taps his fingers on his knee. Edward clears his throat and both interns turn their attention to him. "So, as promotions director, I'm in charge of setting up and coordinating promotions and marketing events. As interns, you'll be helping me. We go to shows to pass out flyers; we work promotional booths at festivals. We'll drive around in the 104.3 ice cream truck," Edward says. He's given this speech so many times; it's almost second nature to him. He watches the way Ben's eyebrows pull up anxiously as he lists responsibilities. Bella's mouth looks as if she's trying very hard not to smile. Edward wishes that she would. "Let's go on a quick tour," he says and they follow him into the hallway. As they go through the station, Edward asks his usual questions. Where do you go to school? Both interns say the University of Washington, but he notices Bella's brief hesitation. What are you studying? "Communications," Ben says and Edward nods. Most of his interns are. He looks at Bella expectantly. "Um, music business right now." Edward takes note of her uncertainty but doesn't ask why it's there. He isn't one to pry. What do you hope to gain from this internship? "Experience," Ben says, his confidence growing with every answer. "I don't really want to gain anything—I just want to contribute; to something good," she says and her answer is vague and Edward sees the way Ben stands up straighter, believing his answers show that he is far more capable than her. What Ben fails to notice is the emotion in Bella's voice, the way its clearness starts to become foggy and her eyes seem very sincere and just a little distant. It takes Edward a beat to move forward, to stop at Alice's sunny yellow office before moving on to Emmett's. It smells like old pizza and he always has punk music playing through the speakers on his desk, even when he isn't there. He tells everyone that he wants the room to have its own presence. Edward shares this with the interns and watches the way Bella's smile doesn't quite reach her eyes. He notices a lot of Bella today, far more than he's comfortable with and surely far more than she is. When the tour ends, they go over upcoming events. He explains the promotions work on social media, and the shows with which he'll need help. When he dismisses them, Ben packs up his stuff and says thank you, making his way out while Bella remains, again looking at his tapes. She blinks suddenly as if she's forgotten where she is and starts to head to the door. "I'll see you tomorrow?" she asks softly, her delicate hand resting on the frame and her long, dark hair swinging over her shoulder. "See you tomorrow," Edward says and he doesn't move from his spot until he hears her footsteps fade and the front door slam. . . . "Okay, Ben, you're going to be in charge of the social media for this trip," Edward says, handing Ben the promotions tablet. "Your job is to update Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram from the 104.3 accounts and let them know exactly where we are and exactly why they should come find us." "First two people here get free tickets to the Carousel show tonight, right?" Ben asks double-checking. Edward likes that about him—he's always making sure he has a solid grasp on what he needs to do. "Yes. And Bella," he begins, turning to her to find her staring expectantly at him. "You're on ice cream duty." "The best job of all," she deadpans and Edward can only look at her with a vaguely amused expression. In the week that she's been there, he's come to be amused by her a lot. It's mostly her laugh—the way she always seems surprised