The Obligatory Author's Note This Marauder's Era AU is what I lovingly refer to as the "Fuck Canon AU". Shameless and unapologetically AU. A honking massive AU where I went 'lol fuck canon' like some canon-wrecking gremlin tearing up the wings of the Canon Airplane. This AU is an attempt to teach the Marauder era some new tricks. The obvious cliches and the egregious offenders will be avoided to the best of my ability. There is race-bending. There is a small army of OCs. Some people will have siblings they didn't previously have. Some people will have children they didn't previously have. Some of the OCs will be friends with the Marauders. Some of the OCs will have ongoing storylines of their own. There will be OCs and some of them will be major players. The timeline also got mucked with. I expanded it by two years so the Marauder cohort was born en masse in 1958; thus they start Hogwarts in 1969. (hold onto ur butts this is a slow burn) Lastly, I do live in Bumfuck America, the Rural Town Edition. Wikipedia and Google Maps can only get me so far. Brit-picking is welcome as long as you're polite about it. Please leave canon at the door and enjoy your stay. Foundations Chapter One: A Wolf in the Fold The rural countryside of Great Britian was lined with what the proper-minded residents insisted were roads, but in reality couldn't have been more the opposite. A road was expected to be paved, for one. Concrete was preferable, but tarmac would do in a pinch. Maybe it didn't need to have fancy white and yellow lines, and separate lanes designated for the buses, the bicycles, and the lorries, but there were things expected out of a proper road and these back-country lanes didn't have any of that. One of these so-called "roads" wound a narrow path through the Peaks District. For as much as the local residents insisted upon the nomenclature, it only had aspirations to be a road. It was a lane, covered in gravel; the kind that could send a car flying into the fields if it took a corner too fast. The lane was wide enough for a car in the sense that the car could fit both wheels. But if the car went just three inches too far to the left or right, then it was in the ditch. It twisted around the trees and dipped between the hills, too often slick with precipitation and wreathed in enough fog to make passage treacherous. There wasn't much room for one car to pull over to the side and let a second car pass. If two cars met in the middle, someone would have to backtrack a fair ways until there wasn't a ditch to get stuck in. However, the lane rarely saw traffic more complicated than a flock of sheep. A quarter of a mile from the only village along the route was a small cairn of stones. It was about two feet high and constructed entirely from white stones, stacked so neatly and precisely it didn't seem possible that hands had done it. The stones fit together so tightly that it was impossible to slip a blade of grass between them and they were the same uniform size, like they had been machine-shaped. The villagers rarely thought anything of the little cairn. It was precisely a quarter of a mile from the census-designated boundary of the village, so they had long ago assumed that it was just a mile marker. Or perhaps it was there to remind drivers where the edge of the road was. Truly, if they had ever had the presence of mind to pay the stones a little more attention, they might have noticed one curious thing. The cairn never changed color. No matter the weather, no matter how much dust the passing lorries kicked up, no matter how dark-stained the gravel road became, the stones were always white. A gleaming, shining white like freshly fallen snow. But the villagers never noticed because it was such a little thing. A quibbly bit of nothing that didn't stand out enough to merit a second glance and barely merited a first glance. At exactly one-fourteen in the afternoon on a somewhat dreary day towards the end of July, the stone cairn did something that would have been considered quite unusual if anyone had been around to see it happen. It started to glow. Specifically, it started to glow a funny kind of purple color that had strange green undertones, yet didn't seem to be a color at all. Or every color at once. Any normal person who witnessed this phenomenon would have preceived this particular shade of everything-or-nothing purple only from the corner of their eye. If they had tried to stop and take a second look, they would have been overcome by the inexplicable urge to hurry on their way. It took just a few seconds for the cairn to assume a steady glow. Then with a puff and a swirl of white smoke, a man arrived beside the cairn. He was a very odd looking man and presumeably a very old one at that. His hair and his beard were almost entirely silver and long enough that he could have tucked them into his belt if he felt so inclined. He wore a demurely-cut suit of machine-rendered cotton and a silk tie. The suit was a night-sky blue and peppered with small white spots that gave the impression of stars, and the bowler hat perched at a jaunty angle on his hair matched. His tie wasn't nearly as subtle. It was black and lay crisp against his white dress shirt, covered in a repeating pattern of cartoony stars and moons, as though it had been picked out by a well-intentioned but very young child. A long golden chain stretched across the front of his waistcoat from one pocket to the other, the buttons of which gleamed bronze in the overcast light. Held loosely in one hand was a polished walking cane, but he was not so infirm that he needed it. His nose was very long and crooked, like it had been broken at least twice before. On that crooked nose were a pair of half-moon spectacles. His eyes twinkled a light blue and somewhere on his person, tucked deep into the folds and pockets of his clothes, was a wand. This man's name was Albus Dumbledore. He tapped the glowing cairn with the tip of his walking cane and the strange almost-not-purple color started to fade into nothing. He re-buttoned the front of his suit jacket and smoothed it down absently. He smiled slightly as he beheld the small village ahead, briefly grinding the balls of his feet into the gravel under his buckled and heeled boots. Magna Tor. It was the name of both the little village ahead and the prodigious hill whose slopes it was perched upon. The long-time residents of Magna Tor whispered that there was some ancient, deep magic slumbering below the earth. Something strong and quiet. Perhaps one of the ancient giants that had created the hills. It kept them safe from danger, they said. No storm had ever toppled a tree, nor had any wind ripped the roof off any of the cottages. Foxes didn't lay seige to the chicken coops and hawks didn't swoop to snatch the rabbits out of their pens. Magna Tor was not big enough to host the usual collection of societal insects. At best, they had the town drunk who was neither benevolent or loveable, but caused no trouble beyond public intoxication and slurred imprecations about the townsfolk with the occasional invitation to start a fight. Not because the other, more sober pub-goers would mop the floor with him, but for reasons that none of the good townsfolk could rightfully name. Dumbledore scraped his boots through the gravel road again, getting a feel for the ground beneath him. There was the faintest ripple of energy that had nothing to do with the ambient magic of the earth, thrumming through the dirt and stone with all the indolence of a lazy river. It was slow and heavy and somnulent, but as hot as a pool of magma. Certainly something ancient and poweful slept in the earthen cocoon of Magna Tor, but it probably wasn't what the villagers thought it was. Something best left to sleep, he imagined. Dumbledore started up the lane towards the village as a liesurely pace. It was cooler up here in the Peaks District than down in London, where he had come from. It had rained here recently, the ground still damp and the loam soft. Droplets of water gleamed on the blades of long grass. A thin gray mist drifted through the low valleys between the hills, twining up the gentle slopes and wreathing the rammed earth embankments of the river that flowed idly by down the valley to the right of the road. The dark clouds hung rather low overhead, fat and heavy with another round of rain. It was a lovely walk all the same. The moorland was broad, rising and falling through the hills. Some were gentle and sloping, and others reared up sharply as though they had been pushed. From the land jutted outcroppings of stone. Some natural and some man-made piles whose original purpose was lost to time. Some had toppled over and others had held strong through the centuries. Trees had been planted around the village. Apple trees, Dumbledore saw as he got closer. Small green apples were forming on every branch; they wouldn't drop for another two months. The hill called Magna Tor was magnificent no matter how far or close you were from it. The windward side went upwards in a swooping line that was gentle enough for the villagers to plant their houses, but just steep enough that running full throttle downwards was ill-advised. The leeward side, however, featured a rather sudden drop-off; a sheer face of limestone carved with whorls and long streaking lines that gave the impression of a frozen waterfall. Six hundred feet from the base to the very apex of its crest. It was quite a long drop. The village of Magna Tor was a tad less impressive, overall. The home of about two hundred indviduals, it looked like every other rural village that Dumbledore had visited in his lifetime thus far. The buildings were stone and wood with metal only as reinforcement at the corners and joints. They bore no particular architectural style except maybe "sturdy". There was a sense that they were rooted into the earth, so much time they had had to settle. The cottages were barely more than two floors and had sharply slanted roofs that sent rain and snow streaking right off. They were crowded together so closely that neighbors might mistake their neighbors' front stoop for their own in the dark. Ivy had climbed up the front face of nearly every cottage, shrouding the village in a coat of green. The street (for there was only one) was cobbled and narrow, twisting this way and that around the houses that had been there first. Dumbledore trailed his hand over the remnant of the fort wall that stood to one side of the main entry and rubbed the dust between his fingers. Those stones had been laid around the early fifteen hundreds, he would wager, and the village had come along not long after that. If he went far enough up the slope, he would most likely find the foundation of the fort itself. The village wasn't very bustling; it was no central hive of activity where people came and went at all hours of the day. The residents traveled out during the day to make their living - - either out into the fields with their flocks or they drove even further to reach the larger towns. Though