Author's Notes: Just a little thing I had to get out of my system. I love Faramir to death! Especially his movie-portayal. There seems to be a big lack in them...I dunno. But one I love is Absence of Fear on really good. Ok, enjoy and tell me what you think! Summary: The firstborn of Denethor: obnoxious, vain Boromir returns from battle defeated, humbled and blind. Out of vengeance, no one aids him. But suddenly, a voice earnestly calls out to him and Boromir falls in love. BROTHERCEST; RAPE; RATED MATURE Thine Eyes Hath Seen Boromir's mind drifted back into consciousness. His eyes fluttered open and he blinked a few times. Why was it so dark? He grasped at any memory that would tell him where he was, but his memory failed to aid him. He tried to lift himself up with his arms but they wouldn't move. It seemed his entire body was sore. There was a buzzing in his ear and he shook his head a little from side to side. In a few moments, the buzzing softened and he could hear voices. He listened a little to the fluttering of clothes and the breaths of the Men and he counted that there were three in the room. "We were overtaken, my Lord," said a raspy voice that Boromir recognized as Henderon, his second-in-command. At the sound of his voice, his mind played forth a recollection of the happenings of the day before. "A multitude of wildmen attacked from the woodlands of the South," Henderon was saying. "We slew as many as possible but eventually it was vital to leave immediately ere we all be murdered. On our pathway back, we were ambushed and Captain Boromir hit squarely in the temple and some other spot. We slew the ambush and did not rest until we reached Minas Tirith." "And do you swear that you did all you could for Boromir after he was hit?" said the angry voice of his father. "I swear it, my Lord. If anything else could have been done, it would have been known only to the Elves." Boromir could hear his father murmur something angry before he released Henderon from the room. He approached him and said his name. "Boromir, are you waken yet?" He grasped for his voice and was happy when he found it. "Father..." "Look at me, my son," Denethor said with heartfelt sorrow. Boromir opened his eyes and was surprised when he met with complete blackness once again. "What is wrong with his pupils!" A cold hand parted his eyelids and he felt a presence very close to his face. "What do you see?" asked the Healer. "Nothing." The Healer must have peered closer for Boromir felt his breath on his skin. "It appears the Lord Boromir is suffering from blindness. Whether temporary or permanent I do not know. Yet I venture to guess temporary." "What can we do to help him?" The Healer was quiet. Then he said, "For now leave him be. If his eyesight returns, it will not be for a bit. Until it does return, we cannot do anything more for him." Days passed and Boromir's blackness was uninterrupted. No one came to ease his boredom except those who brought him food and water. He found myself feeling quite dirty from lack of bath, but none wanted to venture the trouble of bathing him. The door of room opened and in entered Faramir. He carried a tray of breakfast in. He had just returned from a scouting and heard about his brother's condition. Unfortunately, Faramir was also suffering from a mild cold that had his voice scratchy. "Boromir?" he said, placing the tray down on the table. "I've brought you breakfast." Boromir sat up and looked to the direction of the voice. "Thank you," he mumbled. "How are you faring?" The voice was soft and pleasant, with a smudge of stuffiness and scratch. It was very familiar, but with the turn of events, Boromir was not aware enough to comprehend it. Boromir gruffly accepted the platter. He felt the Man waiting. "Why are you still here?" he asked. Faramir frowned. "I'm sorry. I'll leave now." He turned around and made to exit. "No! No." Boromir sighed. "I meant... Why did you not leave like all the others? Leaving me to eat while they busied themselves with other matters?" "I wished to see how you were doing. Certainly, inability of sight must be frustrating and boredom must face you constantly. I had time and so I supposed I could help ease the tension." Boromir ate quietly. He liked this Man. "Will you be serving me breakfast every morning?" he asked hopefully. "If at all possible." Faramir knew that the others wished not to serve their Lord as revenge for the countless times he became obstreperous. Boromir finished his breakfast and handed the tray back to Faramir in the wrong direction. Faramir smuggled a smile as he walked to the other side to take the tray. "Have a good day." "The sky is blue today. As blue as water and the clouds are fluffed and white as snow," Faramir said when he entered the room one morning. "Good weather for hunting," Boromir said. He had awoken quite grouchy. But after hearing the voice of his visitor, he was overcome with pleasantness. "Yes, but instead a group has been sent out to fight a group of Orcs heading this way." Boromir sighed. He heard the other rustling a bit and knew that this information upset him. "What's wrong?" Faramir looked up, surprised. "Nothing, my Lord." Boromir knew this was not true but did not press him. Faramir stayed quiet in thought until he said, "You are so friendly, talking to strangers and revealing so many things to them when you are not sure whether they be friend or foe. For others, this blindness would frustrate them to no end to the point of venting anger instead of cheerful conversations." "Do not say to me these things for you also would stay cheerful," Boromir pointed out. "I am not always friendly. Yet you somehow bring out the best in people. As for this blindness..." "For one, blindness will bring out the best in other people," Faramir quoted from his good wizard friend. Boromir smiled. "That's true." Boromir enjoyed the times he spent with this mystery Man. He had not yet asked him his name, but it was first on his list the next time he came. It seemed that Boromir had known this man his entire life, yet it was different now. There appeared a great tranquility that he himself lacked that he found in the visitor. Yet there was also a sorrow. He heard footsteps approaching and he sat up with eagerness. But his heart fell when he heard that the steps were far too heavy to be his mystery guest. "Boromir, how are you faring lately?" Denethor asked and sat on the bed. "Better than before," Boromir admitted. "I am beginning to see shapes and light. My vision will return shortly." "I am glad to hear it." Denethor was quiet for a moment for a moment before there came another that entered the room. "My...My Lord," said the person and Boromir recognized it as the Man who had made his sick days worthwhile. He also realized that his father's voice had gone icy cold. "What are you doing here?" "I bring Boromir his lunch, my Lord." His voice had gone timid and Boromir wanted desperately to see the Man's face. Denethor barked, "Well now that you have, leave! Can you not see that I am in conference with my son?" Faramir placed the tray down and turned away quickly. When he had left, Denethor turned back to Boromir. "Do not taint yourself with weaklings, Boromir. They can be the death of you." Boromir was quiet in thought. Who could it be that his father hated him so? Faramir sat silent in his room. He was wondering briefly about his father and brother. They were the ones he loved most in the world. Yet he loved them so differently. Both he would die for. There were few friends whom he would not die for, Faramir realized. Yet with Denethor and Boromir he certainly would not hesitate. He wondered if they would do the same. As for Denethor, Faramir knew he was a mistake. Perhaps dying would be better for Denethor to bare; rather than have a weak son, have none at all. After all, he had Boromir. What use was a son, no matter how great his heart or how kindly his soul? And Boromir... Faramir knew not what to think of Boromir. He was his role model. Surely, Boromir used to be cold, prideful, and vain like his father. But he always had a soft spot for his little brother. Now, Boromir appeared so fragile, so needy. It was a part of him Faramir had never seen before. A strange feeling was erupting from his heart and he was afraid to know what it was. Faramir sighed and took off his tunic. Absentmindedly, he traced the scars that decorated his torso. A knock came on the door and without permission, the knocker came in. It was Denethor. He shut the door behind him and it clicked soundlessly. "Father..." "Do not call me by that name, Faramir," Denethor whispered raspily. He approached the boy and also traced the scars but with a wicked smile. Faramir tensed. He knew what was to come. These moments were those he feared most. Trapped in the night, his cries echoing to nothing. No one caring. And the excruciating pain that his own father forced on him. Yet how could he resist? He loved his father and was never able to please him in anything else. Where Boromir was commanding and forceful, Faramir was soft and submissive. Denethor knew this. He pushed his son onto the bed and forced himself onto him. Rough hands touched and caressed smooth skin. Fingers intertwined with soft hair. Faramir's face pressed against his pillows and he felt his pants coming off. Cold hands penetrated his hole and without any lubrication, he felt his father pushing into him. Tears leaked from his grey eyes and he bit his tongue to force the pain away. He heard the pleasurable moans of Denethor and wanted to leave everything behind, but the pain that overcame his body was unbearable. Denethor thrust in and out, unaware of his son's discomfort. Even if he did know, he did not care. He felt warmth surround his manhood. He had to admit that Faramir was very beautiful and had inherited looks from his wife. Denethor reached his climax and moaned bitterly. He got up slowly and cleaned himself up. Without a glance at Faramir, he fixed himself and left the room. He never saw the tears his son had. The tears Faramir had to bear in order to please his father. The following evening, Faramir brought supper to Boromir's room. He had been moved from the Healer's room on account of 'no privacy' to his own room again. Personally, Faramir preferred the solitude as well. "Good evening, my Lord." Faramir himself was afraid of revealing himself to Boromir. The many discussions they had while Boromir was blind were very sincere and no one else knew them. Faramir feared that if Boromir knew who he was, he would not think the same of him again. "Are you well?" Boromir asked, hearing Faramir enter. "I missed you this morning." He heard the other move about and wanted to know his name. He needed a name to put in his head, it would be proof that he wasn't imagining this delightful person. Yet, if he asked a name and it was one whom he knew previously, things would become tense between them. So Boromir stayed silent. Faramir was quiet. He had felt ill that morning, sickened from the