A/N: This story was inspired by Emmy's Picpirations on the PPSS blog. I would just like to say that I don't condone infidelity. I just wanted to show that sometimes things aren't black and white. Also, I've never written anything quite like this. Most of the time, my lemons are a lot tamer, but I wanted to try something different. Since this started out as a drabble for Emmy's Pervy Picsparations, there's no beta so please forgive my errors. Disclaimer: This is rated M for language and content. I've also thrown canon out of the window, so be prepared to see some of your favorite characters in a different light. One Edward My keys made a loud clang when they landed in the dish by the door. "Happy Birthday to me," I muttered as I switched on the lights. I looked at the remains of my condo; the battleground for a failing marriage. I was in the first stages of a messy divorce so the place reflected what was left of my relationship. Bella Swan and I had been together for six years and married for four. I thought things were great until a wrecking ball ruined my perfect world. Six months ago, things started to change. She started coming home late from work and leaving early in the morning. She didn't want me to touch her anymore, giving me the excuse that she was tired or had a headache. My internal alarms warned that she might be having an affair, but I put it aside. I'd given her so much. Anything she wanted was hers. Why would she want to leave? About a month ago, I came home early to the sounds of grunting and heavy breathing. When I stepped into our bedroom, I saw Bella on her hands and knees while her one of her co-workers fucked her from behind. I always knew Riley had had a thing for her, but I guess I didn't see that she felt the same, or that they would act on it. They didn't even notice I was in the room until I loudly cleared my throat. After some awkward explanations followed by some loud yelling, she left. When I came home the next day, the house was half empty. Some of the furniture was gone as well as my DVD player and my stereo. She even took half of my DVDs. One thing she left was that butt ugly dining room table, but I think she did that to piss me off. It was shit brown and shaped like a giant egg. It took up most of the room, providing more seats than we needed. The thing cost an arm and a leg, even on a pediatrician's salary. It was specially flown in from Japan, and she insisted that anyone who was anyone had one. Plus she'd heard that Oprah had one in her guest home. It was probably what Stedman had to eat on when he got on her bad side. I had demanded that she come and take that piece of shit with her or I was going to toss it off the balcony. She quickly made arrangements to have it moved in the morning. I headed over to the phone and dialed my voicemail. As it began to ramble, I loosened my tie and grabbed a Heineken from the fridge. "Hi, honey!" It was my mother. "Happy Birthday, sweetheart! I hope you had a great day so far, and don't worry, honey. This year will be so much better than the last. You father says happy birthday, too. We love you!" The phone clicked off, and the next message played. "Hey, man!" It was my best friend, Jacob Black. He was on his honeymoon with his new bride, soaking up the sun on the beaches of Hawaii. "I bet you thought I forgot! Angie and I want to wish you a Happy Birthday!" "Happy Birthday, Edward!" Angela screamed in the background. "When I get back in town, we're going out, man, and we're going to get you good and laid!" "Jake!" I heard Angela admonish in the background. "Alright, I'll talk to you later!" The phone clicked off. Leaning against the counter, I listened to three more messages, two were birthday wishes: one from my brother, Emmett, and the other from my sister, Alice. The third message was from Bella reminding me to be available at 9AM the next day. A low knock sounded, and I placed my beer down. After looking through the peephole, I quickly opened the door. "Leah?" I was surprised to see her. She was dressed in a white trench coat, which seemed a little much for the weather. Sure, it was a little windy outside, but nothing that warranted that type of clothing. "Happy Birthday, Edward," she said, leaning forward to hug me. "Thanks," I said, breathing in her scent. Leah Clearwater had been a crush of mine for years. I'd met her through my best friend, Jacob Black. They grew up together and were practically brother and sister so whenever I hung out with him, sometimes I ran into her. She was still as gorgeous as ever. She'd made a drastic move and cut off her long, silky black hair. It brushed her chin, drawing all attention to her beautiful skin, and the sensual curve of her neck. Jacob told me that Sam had had a fit, but I loved it. She loved it, too. "Come in." I waved her inside. "Can I take your coat?" "No!" she practically shouted. "I mean, I'm fine for the time being." "Okay." I held my hands up. "You want something to drink?" "No thank you," she said fidgeting with her pockets and pulling out a silver key. "Jacob called and asked me to give this to you. He wanted to make sure you got it before you moved out." "Thanks," I said. Jacob had had a spare key to my condo just in case I'd gotten locked out or if there was an emergency and I was out of town. "I also came to give you your birthday present." She took a deep breath and began unbuttoning her coat. My eyes widened as the coat slid off her arms. The coat hit the floor and my jaw followed. She was naked, except for a red ribbon covering her breasts and her sex. She slipped off her shoes and stood barefoot in front of me. "What…" I started, and wiped the drool from my mouth as she shifted back and forth. It was a nervous reaction, but it made the ribbon slide over her deeply tanned skin. Her body was toned from years of running marathons, but still held the curves of woman. Curves I was dying to take a ride on. I turned around quickly so I could think. Staring at her naked body was muddling my thoughts. Her soft footfalls sounded behind me, moving to the beat of my heart. When I turned around, she was standing in front of me with her hands behind her back, making her glorious breasts strain against the fabric. They wanted out, and I wanted to set them free. "This is what you wanted." As she stepped closer, it felt like my feet were glued to the floor. I stared at her and tried to figure out how she knew my secret fantasy. "Don't you remember?" She stood in front of me and gently placed her hands on my chest, the warmth from them radiating through my body. She was a tall woman at five ten, with long legs, so the top of her head reached my nose. I shook my head as the scent of apples wafted from her hair. She giggled and placed a gentle kiss on my neck. "Remember Jake and Angela's wedding reception two weeks ago?" I looked up at the ceiling as I searched my memory bank. Since my estranged wife was spending time with her new boyfriend, my date was the endless bottles of champagne. Jacob and Angela were on the dance floor, waltzing to their first dance as husband and wife. At Angela's request, they had taken ballroom dancing classes together. Jacob, who had two left feet in high school, suddenly looked like he could compete professionally. Others had joined in, and before I knew it, the entire dance floor was filled with couples. To really get the party started, the DJ changed the music to something a little more upbeat. "Hi, Edward," I heard a female voice that had visited my dreams lately. Once Bella was out of the picture, Leah was all I could think about. I thought about Leah in ways I shouldn't of a married woman. "Hi, Leah," I answered her. She was absolutely breathtaking in her pale blue bridesmaid's dress. It was long with spaghetti straps and ran the length of her body, sensually hugging her curves. One side of her freshly cut hair was held back with a light blue flower. Her makeup was simple, just enough to accent her beautiful face. Leah Clearwater Uley was married to one of the most arrogant assholes I'd ever met. Back in high school, Sam Uley was nothing but a thug, a bully who had to prove how big his dick was by being one. A man like that didn't deserve Leah. He didn't deserve shit! "Why are you sitting here by yourself?" she asked, taking a seat next to me. "I'm a little drunk, Leah," I replied, watching the crowd of people show off their breakdance moves. My brother Emmett was already spinning on his head. "I think that's a turn off for most women." "You're a lot drunk," she corrected and grabbed one of the glasses on the table. "Here, drink a little water. It may keep the hangover away." I did as I was told, sipping the water slowly. Deciding that water didn't have the taste to please me, I switched back to my champagne. She giggled at my defiance. "So why aren't you on the dance floor?" I nudged her shoulder. "You could show them how it's done. You do an awesome robot." "I don't have anyone to dance with," Leah said. She looked away as she fiddled with the chain around her neck. "I have no idea where my husband is." "Oh," I replied. I knew that feeling all too well. "Well, you wanna dance with me? I can't promise that I won't step on your foot, but I can dance to the beat." A smile replaced her sad expression, and she took my outstretched hand. Holding her hand, I lead her to the dance floor. By the time we got there, the music switched back to a slow song. She gave me a coy smile and rested her hand on my shoulder. My other hand eased to the small of her back, cradling her close as her hand held mine. I swayed her to the soft ballad, and she followed me easily. "So, Leah," I said, looking into her dark brown eyes. "How is school going this year?" "So far, so good." She nodded her head. "Teenagers think they know everything, and that teachers don't know anything." Leah taught literature at the local high school. "You remember being a teenager, right?" I chided playfully. "And all the trouble you got into?" She smiled sheepishly and looked down at my tie as I continued. "I remember a certain teenager who came up with the idea to put Kool-Aid in not only the swimming pool, but the Jacuzzis in the locker rooms for our senior prank." "I have no idea what you're talking about." She avoided my eyes, but a deep blush gathered into her cheeks. "Yeah, I bet you don't know anything about that." I released her and spun her around, then pulled her back toward me. "Hey!" She lightly hit my arm. "I remember a certain redhead suggesting that we get the