A/N: In my story, imprinting is a rare occurence and stops when Jared imprints on Kim. In other words, Quil, Paul, and Jacob don't imprint at all. There will be a few new characters as well as the usual suspects. Disclaimer: All Twilight characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. All new characters and plot lines belong to me. This story is rated M for language, violence, content, and character death. The prologue was beta'd by Marly and Sweetishbubble from Project Team Beta. Thanks, ladies, for all your advice and help. Also, I'd like to thank my original beta, Babygirl49392, who had real life obligations to attend to. Thanks for being my cheerleader and encouraging me to keep wandering in this alternate universe. :) Alright, let's get this party started! Prologue About a year after the confrontation with the Volturi guard… "I can't believe I'm doing this," Leah muttered as she looked up at the sky. As usual, the day was cloudy, with a light mist in the air. She trekked through the woods to the little cottage that housed the vampire newlyweds. As she entered the clearing, the rancid scent of vampire attacked her senses, and she raised her hand to her nose. The longer she was around them, the easier it was to tolerate, but whenever she was away from them for more than a day, it was like falling off the wagon. Eventually, the smell wouldn't bother her; she just had to adjust to it. Edward Cullen stood on the porch, holding his daughter's hand. When Leah looked up at the vampire, she had to stifle a giggle. He was dressed in a white chef coat, with black and white checkered pants. Over his shoulder was his cooking kit and book bag. When Renesmee was born, they had discovered that she could eat solid food. Unfortunately, after Bella was turned into the walking dead, she could barely look at human food, let alone cook it, so Edward had to take over the culinary duties. Even though Renesmee liked to hunt, she still enjoyed a home-cooked meal every now and then. Amazingly, Edward was an excellent chef. He enjoyed it so much that he had started taking courses at the local culinary academy. "Hey, Leah," Edward said and took a step forward. "Hey." Leah looked down at his clothing. "How's class going?" "Good. I'm learning a lot." He looked affectionately at his daughter. "And Ness likes eating the leftovers." Renesmee looked up at her father and grinned. "How do you get around not eating in class?" Leah asked. A small chuckle escaped from his lips. "Well, sometimes I use the 'food allergies' excuse. Other times, I have to bite the bullet and take a bite, then get rid of it later." His face turned into a grimace, giving Leah a visual she certainly didn't need. "So how do you know if it's good or not," Leah asked, "since you don't like human food?" "I go by the way it smells." Edward pointed at his nose. "It's hard to explain. The thought of eating human food is disgusting, but the smell doesn't bother me so much." "If you say so." Leah shrugged nonchalantly. "Thanks again for doing this." Edward looked down at his daughter and patted her hand. "I'd skip class, but I really need to be there today. We're taking a quiz, and my professor doesn't allow make-up exams without prior notice." Leah looked down at Renesmee and tried to give a friendly smile. In return, she waved shyly at Leah. Renesmee was dressed in a t-shirt and shorts and hiking boots. Her deep coppery curls were pulled back in a ponytail that hung over her shoulder. "It's fine," Leah mumbled. I'm only doing this because Jake asked. "I understand," Edward answered her thought. "I appreciate it anyway." Edward pointed to his head and gave Leah a smile. Damn vampires! Edward kneeled down and placed his hands on Renesmee's shoulders. "Okay, Ness. You stay close to Leah, okay?" "Okay." Renesmee nodded and reached for her father. "Bye, Daddy." "Goodbye, pumpkin," he said, holding her close. "Have fun and be careful." Renesmee hopped off the front porch at vampire speed and landed next to Leah. Her father waved at them as they headed into the forest. Earlier, Leah had received a call from Jacob, asking her to take Renesmee hunting. When Leah asked about Renesmee's family, Jacob explained that Alice had dragged Rosalie, Esme, and a tantrum-throwing Bella to New York for Fashion Week. Emmett and Jasper were hunting in Northern Washington, and Carlisle was on duty at the hospital. Jacob, who normally took her hunting when her family was occupied, was taking a few extra classes to graduate from high school on time; a requirement if Billy was going to seriously consider letting his only son leave La Push. Leah didn't mind because the sooner he graduated, the sooner they could leave. Jacob had promised that when he left La Push to start over, Leah could go with him. He'd made the same offer to Seth, Quil, and Embry. Embry was ready to leave with them whenever they were. Seth was still in school, but said he would join them when he graduated. Quil was set on attending college in Seattle. He'd expressed his desire to get his law degree and come back to La Push to help with legal matters for their tribe. Leah couldn't wait to leave, so she didn't mind doing this small favor. Jacob had never really asked for anything and only used his Alpha command to keep their secret. Hunting had never been on Leah's list of favorite things to pass the time. She didn't plan on hunting, though. She was just there to make sure the little half-breed didn't get hurt. The forest was active; the sounds of birds singing and small animals scurrying by filled the silence. While they were walking, Leah felt Renesmee brush against her arm. Suddenly, Leah heard Renesmee's sing-song voice in her head. Why do you hate me? Leah looked down at Renesmee and crinkled her brow. Renesmee put all her effort into avoiding Leah's stare by looking at the path ahead. Leah shook her head, not sure of what she had thought she heard. Jacob had mentioned something about Renesmee being able to project thoughts into the mind, but it was startling to experience it. A vision of Leah turning into a wolf and leaving Renesmee out in the woods flashed in her mind. "All right, Red," Leah said, stopping. Leah hoped that she didn't mind being called Red, because there was no way she was calling her that trendy name Bella had given her. Poor kid was going to get into fights if she ever went to public school. "What's the deal?" Renesmee looked stunned at Leah's response. A light blush colored her cheeks, and she stepped away. She kept her eyes on a rock near her foot while wringing her fingers. "Why do you think I hate you?" Leah tried her best not to sound irritated. Renesmee refused to look at Leah. Instead she placed her hand on Leah's forearm. A picture of an angry gray wolf snapping its sharp teeth at Bella and Edward appeared in her mind. Leah blinked a few times and looked back at Renesmee. She'd thought she had gotten used to seeing into the mind of others, but having her thoughts taken over completely was daunting. "You think I hate you because your parents are lee-uh, vampires," Leah answered, lowering down so Renesmee would look at her. Renesmee nodded and began twisting her hair. "I don't hate your parents, Red." "Yes you do," Renesmee said, matter-of-factly. "I know you hate them. I see how your nose scrunches when you're around them, and I know that you think that you're a wolf because of my family." Damn, this kid is smart. "It's a little more complicated than that," Leah said, lowering her eyes. "Have you noticed that your family doesn't really like the way I smell, either?" "Yes," she drawled. "But you don't smell bad to me. You and the other wolves smell like the forest and rain." Leah paused so she could choose her words wisely. "Listen, kiddo. I don't hate you, 'kay? I'm not going to leave you out here, either. Jacob would ring my neck and turn me into little wolf pieces." Leah grinned and was relieved to see Renesmee smile back. "Okay." Renesmee's face relaxed and she smiled. "I'm not going to let anything happen to you. You can trust me, okay?" Leah rose to her full height. "Okay." Renesmee slipped her hand into Leah's, and they continued to trek through the woods. Eventually they reached a stream and spotted a doe lapping at the crystal-clear water. Leah was instantly hit with an image of Renesmee and herself in her wolf form taking down the animal. "Oh, no." Leah shook her head. "I don't really like raw food. That's all you." Renesmee flashed her bright white teeth and lowered down to her belly. Leah stood back, ready to phase and help if needed. Renesmee approached silently toward her unknowing prey, weaving through the grass. The poor animal didn't know what hit it. Renesmee jumped up high, landing on its back. It was almost scary, watching Renesmee's sweet little face turn into a predator's. Her sharp teeth sank into the animal's neck while it struggled to get free. Leah had seen the leeches hunt many times, and it was obvious Renesmee had learned a thing or two from them. Renesmee did have one disadvantage, though. By now, the animal would be writhing in pain from the venom, but Renesmee wasn't venomous. Fortunately, she'd found a way around that. The animal continued to fight, until Renesmee wrapped her tiny arms around its neck. A loud crack rang out, and the animal fell to the ground. Leah was impressed. Renesmee was so strong, and she wasn't even a full vampire. Renesmee made slurping noises as she drank the animal dry. After she was finished, she pushed the carcass away and looked around for Leah. "Wow," Leah said, coming from behind the bushes. As she approached, Leah looked down at the innocent-looking girl with blood running down her chin. "You're pretty good, kid." "Thanks." Renesmee beamed as she wiped her chin with her sleeve. "It was Jake's idea to snap its neck first, since I'm not venomous." They walked a little further into the forest, and Leah stood back as Renesmee took down two more deer. She had no idea how much Renesmee needed to be satiated, but she did notice the color coming back to her cheeks. It was getting darker. Although neither of them needed the light to see, Leah suggested that they head back. "One more?" Renesmee asked with a crooked grin much like her father's. "Okay, Red." Leah nodded. She couldn't believe it, but she was actually starting to like the little half-breed. For one, Renesmee's scent didn't make her want to vomit. Another thing, she was an interesting little girl who told silly jokes, and thought that her Uncle Emmett was the funniest man ever. She enjoyed spending time with the wolves, learning about their heritage and listening to the Quileute legends Billy Black shared. She even expressed her desire to go to La Push to collect seashells from the beach and her frustration with her parents' "lousy excuses." "Leah?" she asked, a hopeful look on her face. "Will you take me there one day? Jake's always busy with school, and Mom and Dad say that I can't go because I can't swim." She narrowed her eyes. "But I know there's more to it, and they won't tell me because they think I'm too young." Leah looked down at the frustrated expression on Renesmee's face. Obviously, the Cullens hadn't told her anything about the treaty, which Leah could understand. Even though Renesmee was a smart girl, Leah