Perennial Prologue - 346 Years Ago by Meimi --- Disclaimer : I am in no way associated with J.R.R. Tolkienor anyone who hold rights to Lord of the Rings. It isn't mine, I'm just playing with it. Note #1 : This story is basically Alternate Universe, though, perhaps I should say Alternate Timeline since it is still based in the same world, events just happen differently. Note #2 : Before any of you kill me for what happens here in the prologue go look up the story title in a dictionary. Trust me, there will be more than enough other things to kill me for. Note #3 : Book canon and movie canon tend to blend together in an unholy alliance in my head, so don't expect the story to follow one or the other (though, I've seen the movies more recently than I've read the books). However, I'm sure many facts may still get screwed up so feel free to bonk me on the head if I really mess it up. --- The cave, a much smaller offshoot of a larger cavern, was dark, cramped and dismal. Too small really for an elf's peace of mind, but peace had very little to do with this. He had never truly understood the Silvan's anathema to caves before, it had just seemed one of those oddities of their very distant kin. Now, however, oh, now, he understood at least some of it far more than he had ever wanted too. It felt as if the weight of the world was pressing down on them -a vast, empty world- smothering them, extinguishing their inner glow as it denied them the meager touch of light and life their spirits craved for nourishment. But no, the light he could do without, it would only herald more torment. No, he preferred the dark, deep and all-consuming though it was. He welcomed it. As long as there was no light then there was respite, something they both desperately needed, for when the light returned then it would all begin again, and this time he doubted that it would end before one of their deaths. Elrohir stifled a heavy sigh, wincing as the arrested movement caused the ache in his chest to blossom into further agony. Or should that be aches? He wasn't really sure at this particular point, he hadn't actually wanted to examine his miseries too closely. He knew they was bad enough, he didn't need to further categorize and define them. He had another concern that was far more pressing than his own physical well-being. Legolas had not stirred even once since the orcs had dumped them in their little hole in the wall after their latest bit of fun . Usually by this time his friend was awake -and in a great deal of pain-, but not so this time. He supposed he shouldn't be surprised, their latest 'session' had seemed a bit more vicious than usual, but he couldn't help worrying all the more. He could not see in this level of darkness, but he had no need. He knew well the torment that had been visited upon Legolas's body, even could he not feel it, but feel it he did. Every night since they were taken, Elrohir would gather Legolas to him and await his friend's awakening. Every night his fingers would ghost over broken skin, skin that had been far too pale when last it could be seen, but that was days ago before they had both been bathed in their own blood. Now, that which had been untouched by blade, whip or fire, and other things he did not wish to recall the names of -and really, there wasn't very much left untouched upon them at all-, was covered in dirt, things he didn't want to speculate upon, countless scabs and... free flowing blood. Legolas was still bleeding. Elrohir sighed worriedly, ignoring his own pain as best he could as he skirted his fingers over bloody, grime slick skin, searching for the source of his friend's continued blood loss and hoping that it was just one wound. He did not think he could apply enough pressure if there was more than one. He knew there had been something wrong with his left arm ever since the initial attack and it certainly had not had a chance to heal under the orcs' care , but he was not so bad off thanks to Legolas. Ever since they had been taken whilst crossing the Misty Mountains, Legolas had done his level best to irritate and enrage their captors, thus focusing the orcs' ire more upon himself rather than Elrohir. Elrohir had a sneaking suspicion that such was not an unintended happenstance. It would just be like his friend to strive to protect Elrohir even to his own personal detriment. "Idiot," Elrohir muttered fondly, his fingers finding the still open wound at last and pressing down, "I am the elder here. It is I who should be protecting you, little Greenleaf." "I am not quite so little anymore," Legolas rasped out, stirring at last to some form of wakefulness thanks to Elrohir's rather painful ministrations. He grimaced, feeling no need to hide his 'discomfort' since he knew his friend could not see him, their elven luminescence had faded several days ago, and wondered briefly if he would die drowning in his own blood. There was a dangerous rattle in his lungs when he breathed and a weighted heaviness that did not belong there at all. Neither lung felt as if they had been punctured, but that didn't say much. He had long since passed the point where he could tell where and just how badly he was hurt. The pain he felt was sharp and unending and it was everywhere. "Nay, not so little anymore," Elrohir murmured, a small smile gracing his lips at Legolas's returned consciousness, "But still young." Legolas almost snorted in derision, but thought better of it at the last second, no need to fan the flames of agony, "I? Young? I am not the twin demon spawn who are constantly dragging innocent princes into one disaster after another. Elflings, the both of you." "Yes, I suppose we have been rather uncharitable to a certain poor, defenseless woodland prince. Alas," Elrohir chuckled lightly, wincing as even that caused the ache to sharpen. Sighing soundlessly as the vague sense of humor swiftly fled him, Elrohir leaned forward, resting his cheek against dirty hair that had once been golden fair, streaked with a glimmer he had once heard compared to mithril, but was now dyed dead, ochre brown with clotted blood, matted and tangled in knots he feared would never come out. "You should not have done it," Elrohir said woodenly as his thoughts wandered back to their original subject, "I am well capable of handling the pain they have visited upon you. You do not need to protect me." "Do I not?" Legolas asked hazily, not expecting an answer nor waiting for one, "Nay, I must. I would not see you fall like this." "We are not going to fall," Elrohir stated vehemently, "Elladan will find us before that happens." Closing his eyes, Elrohir focused on that one single, tiny grain of hope that he had nurtured away from the pain he felt. Elladan, his twin, his other half, had known their fate since their capture and had been frantically searching for them ever since. Elladan would not fail them, he could not. "Do not despair. He will come." "I know, but he will not make it before one of us dies." Legolas reached up with quivering fingers, resting their tips against Elrohir's lips. "Do not argue with me about it. I have known this since the beginning and I would not see it be you." He allowed his fingers to drop as he felt what little strength he had left abandon him. "And I would not see your family fall with you. You know what would happen if you died. Your brother would be dragged into the darkness with you, for we both know he would not survive long without you. And then what? Your sister would grieve until the only choice she had left was to sail or wither and die in her sorrow. And your father? Your father would not sail. He would grieve until he faded and there would be nothing to stop it. No, this I must do and will continue to do. Do not expect me to do anything else." "And what of you?" Elrohir accused hoarsely, doing his best to ignore the sting of tears sparking in his eyes, "Do you think I wish to see you die? And what of your family? You are the only thing your father has left. Do you think I wish to see whatever joy that remains to him fade and vanish from his life? There will be no Greenwood if you die. The trees would never cease grieving. And what of me? What of Elladan and father and Arwen? Do you think that your death would not affect them? Us? Me?" His cheeks were soaked by now, wet from that which was just as bad if not worse than blood, tears. "Perhaps we would survive," Elrohir whispered brokenly, " But we would not live." Legolas stirred restlessly against him. "Father would continue. He must, too much depends upon him. But... you are right, I should not inflict such sorrow upon any of you. It is cruel of me to even consider it. Forgive me?" "Of course," Elrohir murmured soothingly, "I could not hold it against you to succumb to the despair for a moment when I myself have done so several times. But you must not lose hope, Legolas, Elladan will come for us. We will both live to see the sky again and the stars. You must hold on a little longer." Shifting slightly, he placed a gentle kiss of comfort upon his friend's brow before settling back down. "I know, I am sorry," Legolas whispered, brushing his fingers against the hand that still held pressure against a wound that he knew would stop bleeding soon, though not because it had clotted over, "I am simply weary... and I want to go home." "Just a little longer." --- Elrohir awoke to a chill that seeped out from his bones, an unfamiliar sensation that had become the norm the past two months. He would relive all that had happened while he slumbered in reverie -though perhaps it was a misnomer to call it such now- until his remembrance came to its inevitable conclusion and then he would awaken feeling cold. His father insisted it was just a lingering physical remnant of what he had endured, he was still healing after all. Elrond wanted to hope for the best, he could not fault his father for that, but he knew better. Elrohir was healing. Nay, he was almost healed, physically, at least. There were several broken bones that were still causing problems, but they were improving day by day. His natural luminescence was even beginning to return, though it was nowhere near as strong as it had once been. Dragging his right arm out from beneath the blankets he cocooned himself within each night, Elrohir critically eyed the weak, glimmering sheen of ethereal light that once again graced his skin. He did not think it would ever be as strong as it had been, and truth be known, he wasn't sure that he wanted it to. Shaking his head, Elrohir pushed the blankets back and gingerly sat up, frowning as his left arm began to ache again at the barest of movements. He rubbed absently at the bandages that covered the offending appendage as he scooted to the edge of his bed and lowered his feet to the floor. Grumbling at what he found -the stone floor felt warmer than his feet did- Elrohir stood, yanking the