Title: To The Extreme: Seth's Story By: Dontrun Beta'd by: TwiDi Prereader: PaigelovesRob Description: A future take and flashback done in Seth's pov from my story To The Extreme. Was part of the Fandom for the Tsunami compilation. AN: Does contain spoilers. Seth's POV "You ready, man?" Looking over at Edward, I grin. We've come a long way since when he referred to me as kid . "As I'll ever be," I reply and he laughs. "Don't worry, once you see her walking towards you, it all comes to focus, and you'll wonder why you didn't do it sooner." He assures me. "Like you waited?" He reaches down and twists the platinum band on his hand. "When you know, you know, kid ." I roll my eyes at him. "Plus, I was never known for my patience." "How well I remember." My sister's voice calls out. She walks over and adjusts my tie. "Cullen and patience is like oil and water, they just don't go together." She turns her head to wink at her husband. "And you wouldn't want me any other way, Princess." He winks back and gives his side grin that always causes my sister to blush. "No, I wouldn't," she assures him, releasing her hold on me to go and kiss him. "Jeesh, guys, enough with the PDA." I swear it is a wonder they haven't been arrested for indecent exposure, or some shit, with the way they go at each other most of the time. "Hahaha, like you and Heidi are any different?" Edward raises a brow, his hand still on my sister's ass cheek. "Touché." "Hey, guys, I hate to break up this up, but we need to get out there, so Seth can get his ball and chain attached." Emmett sticks his head in the room, pointing at the clock on the wall, and giving me a pointed look. "Don't forget, I got a car by the back door full tank and keys in the ignition if you decide to bolt." "Not a chance in hell," I tell him with a grin. "Yeah, I didn't think you would take me up on it, but as your favorite bro-in-law, I had to offer." "Guys, can you give Seth and I a moment?" Bella asks them; and they both nod. Edward pinches her ass then heads out the door with Emmett. Bella turns and pulls me into a warm hug, I can hear her sniffle. "Hey, sis, you know you'll always be my number one sis." "You will always be my number one brother," she says between her tears, "my sweet Seth. How did you get so grown up? It's like one day I woke up and you were a grown man, graduating from college, then getting engaged." She sighs. "They would be so proud of you, Sethy." "They would be so proud of you too, Bells." "Charlie would have loved Heidi. And Sue may have thought her good enough for her son." Bella giggles. "Charlie would have shot Edward on site." I joke. "True," she says with a serious voice. "But once he got to see the man inside, he would have loved him as much as we do." "You know I'd probably never have met Heidi if it wasn't for Edward." "I have this feeling you would have, Seth. Fate has a way of sneaking up on your and kick you in the ass." "Quoting Esme?" "Yep, smartest woman I know." She grins. "Well, I think you are the smartest woman I know, sis. Even if you are slow on the uptake when it comes to love." I remind her. "Poor Cullen, I really gave him a run for his money." "That you did, sis." That you did . "Can you believe that it was a little over ten years ago that he blew into our lives and changed them forever?" "He saved us, Bells, in more ways than one." She nods, remembering too well just how much he saved us. "That he did. They all did. He gave us a family." "And you gave me love." Edward says coming through the door. They stare at one another, and you can feel the love flowing between them. I just hope ten years from now Heidi and I are just like them. "We should go; the bride is going to start worrying." He breaks the stare, looking at me. I give him a grin. "Let's roll. Heidi doesn't like to be kept waiting." As we walk towards the altar I can't help but remember the road that has brought us to this day. To this moment. In all actuality, if Edward and Bella had never met, my sister might not have been here today. And I may not have been the man that my Heidi fell for. I would probably be a shell of a man, all alone. I'm thankful everyday that instead I have a wonderful family and a great support system. An awesome life over all. Of course after loosing both my parents, I never thought that life could be awesome again, I'm so glad I was wrong. My thirteenth birthday brought more changes to my life than I could have ever imagined. Good changes, for the most part. Though I have to say emo Bella wasn't my favorite. I couldn't understand how two adults could be so dumb. She liked him, he liked her, yet she kept trying to push him away. Thank God that ended quickly, I don't think I could have taken it if it lasted any longer. "Seth?" A soft sweet voice sitting in the front pew gets my attention. I walk over and kneel to her level. "Hey, shortcake." Faith giggles when I use her Dad's nickname for her. "Don't pass out," she says firmly. "Gotcha." Jeesh you pass out one time after proposing and the whole family doesn't let you forget, even the eleven year old munchkin. "My little man all grown up!" Jake, ahum I mean Jatina since he officially had his name legally changed, rushes up and kiss me on the cheek. "She better treat you right sweet boy, or I'll shove my size fifteen pump up her hooha!" With a pinch to my cheek Jatina joins Paul on second pew. I look around and see Ben and Angela getting settled, her very pregnant belly on clear display, baby number three was coming any day now. Ben gives me the thumbs up and I salute back. It's kinda funny I owe him more than he'll ever know. Ben's job at the radio station led to the passes that led to Bella meeting Edward... Ten Years Ago... "Who is the best sister in the world?" Bella asked. My birthday cake all but gone, the presents open, and we are lazing around on our old couch. "You." I told her. It was true, why lie? How many other girls her age would take on the raising of her teenage brother? "So, I was thinking, I know clothes are kinda lame for a birthday gift—" I interrupted her. "Bells, I love the clothes." I knew we were pretty tapped out, and Bella spent way too much to get me some cool name brand clothing. "Good." She gave me a warm smile. "Hopefully you'll love these too." She handed me an envelope. I opened it and my breath caught in my throat. "Holy crap!" I jumped up and grabbed her in a huge hug. "You are like the best sister ever, in like the history of sisters!" I scream and do a stupid happy dance. I may have squealed a little, but I'd never admit to it. "Well, umm… glad you like them." She coughed a little and I'm reminded of our Dad, Charlie. Sometimes too much emotion could make them uncomfortable. "I freaking love them, Bells. Thank you so much." Great seats and backstage passes? How could I have not liked them? ~0~ The next afternoon we sat in the stands. I was completely psyched up. I was going to get to see a real live Motocross race, in person. And Edward freaking Cullen was racing. The man was a legend, without being all old and stuff like Joe Montana. "So, you really like this?" Bella tried hard to not show how uncomfortable she is with the dirt on the track and the really weird people sitting behind us. "Yes!" I yell so she can hear me above the crowd. The racers were lining up for the first race and my sister is the only person actually sitting. "Ok then." She nods and with a huge sigh she stands up. "God the things I do for you," she says with a laugh. "Well, I am kinda great to do things for." I joke back. She laughed and gave me a nod. We watched the rest of the race without any major conversation. Every so often she'd ask if I wanted anything and I'd decline. I knew there was no way that Bella could afford to buy food at the track and I really didn't need anything I felt like I was on a natural high and that kept my cravings for junk food at bay. I mean, I was right there on cloud freaking nine, and couldn't wait to get backstage—well it was a tent, but to me it was cooler than going backstage at a concert—and see some of these guys in person. "You ready?" I asked her, when it was time to go, and she groans. "If I didn't love you so much…" she groused in a threatening tone. "You know you love me, sis. I'm your only sibling." She rolled her eyes and I held back another laugh. "Only because Phil was shooting blanks." She taunted. I laughed and flashed my ID at the security guy. God, I felt so freaking cool. "Bella, oh my God, that's Emmett Cullen!" I couldn't help but yell out in excitement. "He races?" Her voice was filled with shock. "No! Jeesh, Bells, don't you know anything? He's like one of the best mechanics in the sport." I explained. "Ahh." Clearly she wasn't interested, but I still loved her. "I'm going to see if I can get his autograph." I told her before walking over. I held myself up straight and was trying for that whole nonchalant thing that Jake told me he uses when he's trying to come across as completely cool. Standing in line behind two half naked women to get his autograph, I couldn't help but be in awe of the man. Not once did he glance anywhere inappropriate, and he didn't flirt back with the blond bombshells in front of me. Of course, he has Rosalie Hale, who the heck would need any other girl? "Hey, little dude." Emmett gave a huge grin. I calmly handed over my program for him to sign. "Please... uh... autograph?" He laughed and grabbed it. I clearly wasn't nearly as cool as I was trying to give myself credit for. "Sure, kid. So, did you enjoy the race?" Holy shi... uhh shoot… Emmett Cullen was talking to me. "Yeah, it was awesome." Ha! I got a whole sentence out! "Fuck yeah! It was." He agreed as he handed me back my program. I noticed the line forming behind me and knew my time was up. "Stay cool, little dude." He roughed up my hair and I thanked him before moving on. On my way around the room, I was able to get a few more signatures from some moderately good riders. I was hoping to get Jasper Hale's, but the line was way too long and I needed to check in with Bella. I knew she would worry if I was gone too long. "Bella!" I ran up to her with my program, excited to tell her about my good fortune so far. Only to be shocked. "Holy crap, you're Edward Cullen! Bella, do you know who this is?" I