Beta'd by the lovely TwiDi Story deals with themes of abuse and healing from that abuse, I try not to write in explicit details about the abuse, but the rougher chapters will have warnings on them. For victims of domestic abuse you can reach the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-SAFE(7233). If you need help or have questions about child abuse or child neglect, call the Childhelp National Child Abuse Hotline at 1-800-4-A-CHILD (1-800-422-4453). This story's chapters will be between 3500-6000 words, I don't write extremely long chapters, sorry. Story Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Chapter 1 Charlie POV I got the call at eight in the morning. "Charlie Swan?" A vaguely familiar female voice asked. "Yes, may I ask who is calling?" "This is Renee." Holy shit what was she doing calling after all these years? "Are you there, Charlie?" She was still a sarcastic bitch. "Yes, Renee. And to what do I owe the pleasure of this call after over sixteen years?" I could be sarcastic when I wanted as well. "Charlie last year I got married and we want to travel the world and have adventures. We can't do that with your daughter hanging around. I'm signing her over to you, Charlie. You're finally getting what you wanted all those years ago." I let out a gush of air. My baby, girl the one I had seen only once in her whole life was coming to live with me. She'd be fifteen now, almost sixteen, the daughter I've never known. The one the cold harpy on the other end of my phone stole out of my life with threats. The fear of losing my son as well as my daughter is the only reason she got away with it. "When?" My now parched throat cracking on the word. "My lawyer is faxing all the paper work to the police station this morning. You'll need to sign a few things I'm guessing. However, she will be on a plane tomorrow morning heading to you. Her flight details will be included in the faxed information." I swear the woman's voice is like an ice cube. "Renee, these papers are giving me primary custody or joint?" I had to know. "Sole custody, Charlie, I'm completely signing her over. To be honest she's always been too much like you. Hopefully if Phil ever talks me into popping another one out, it will have a personality." I mentally berated her for talking so bad about my child. My little girl. "You are now completely responsible for her, I've signed away my parental rights." "I'll be in the office in an hour and get the paper work set up. Let her know I'll be there to pick her up at the airport." With bells on! "Whatever, Charlie, it's all in your hands now. I'm done with this shit." And she hung up. I really didn't want to think about Renee right now, the way she came into my life. The way she ran out. And the way she has tortured me for years, with a child I've never know. A baby girl whose name I didn't even know. Oh God, I need to get to the office and get that paper work, get everything ready and then I need to tell my son his sister is finally coming home. ~0~ Isabella Marie Swan. At least Renee had given her my last name. Even though Renee had never taken it, she still gave it to my baby Isabella who would be landing at the small airport in Port Angeles tomorrow at seven pm. I need to get my lawyer on the line, get this paper work finished and then go talk to Emmett. Then clean up the spare room for my baby Isabella. ~0~ Three hours later I finally arrived home. Emmett's old beater jeep that he and Jake had put together piece by piece was parked in the driveway. Good. Things were going my way today. My lawyer, who also happens to be my son's girlfriend's father Nick Hale explained the paper work was clear cut. Isabella was one hundred percent mine now. And he got a laugh at the irony that once upon a time Renee did everything including blackmail to keep me from the child and now she is just handing her over. Gotta love old Nick and his sense of humor. Though he did promise to keep his mouth shut about the latest addition to the family. I really didn't want a house full of kids bombarding her when she first gets home tomorrow. And if I know Rosalie, she'd have a party ready and waiting here for Isabella. "Em?" I called when I walked inside. "Kitchen!" He bellowed. My son has no indoor voice, at all. I walked into the kitchen and he was there feasting on sandwiches and Dr. Pepper, "Hey, Dad." He grinned showing way to much of the food in his mouth for my liking. "Son, I need to tell you something important." I started off. "Dad, listen I'm sorry about that C in math. Edward has promised to tutor my butt in it. You'd never know Mr. Popular was also a smart fucker. Oh shit, sorry about the language." I grimaced. The kid cussed like a sailor. "No, it's not your math, however, thank Edward for me. I got a call this morning from Renee." He tensed. She wasn't his mother but he had heard her name before. Emmett was eighteen and going to be a senior in high school in the fall. The last time he saw Renee he was four and she was screaming at me on our door steps that she would see me in jail before letting me know my daughter. "What did the harpy want?" My son knows her nickname too well. He's heard it many times over the years. "She got married and is sending your sister to live with us permanently. She signed away all her rights to me. Isabella is coming home." I smiled and he gave a short grin. I then went on to explain everything that happened today to him. "Isabella? So that's my sister's name?" "Isabella Marie Swan. And she will be here tomorrow. I want to get the spare room cleaned up, put all that storage stuff in the attic, then run to buy her a bed so she has something to sleep in for now. I figure she'll want to decorate it herself so we'll just get the rails and the mattress and box springs. We'll let her pick out a bedroom set and colors on her own." "Want me to call Edward and Jasper over to help get that stuff up there tonight?" Emmett asked. "The help would be nice… but to be honest with you, I don't want your sister bombarded with people when she gets in tomorrow. I want her to settle in. This can't be easy on her. Think, Em, the only parent she has ever known is throwing her away just by signing away all her rights; and now is sending her to the father she'd never known. And heaven knows what Renee has tried to tell her. You've heard about the lies she used to keep Isabella away from me." He nodded. "I'll call the guys over but tell them to keep it quiet for the moment. What time is she coming in tomorrow?" "Seven in the evening." "How about we get it emptied and cleaned tonight and we pick up the bed in the morning. I'm sure it needs to be vacuumed and maybe even get the carpet-cleaned." My son might act like a goof but he can be weirdly logical at times. "Sounds good, you get the boys and I'll go pick up the cleaning supplies from the store and some boxes in case we need them for storing that stuff." We smiled at each other and took off to handle our business. Emmett POV I jumped in my jeep and headed over to the Cullens' house, I knew that Jazz and Edward were there since we were supposed to be having a Rock Band tournament this afternoon. Shit, I hope they don't crack my nuts for asking them to give it up to clean of all things. Jazz's mustang is parked beside Edward's 'grandpa' car in the Cullen driveway. I swear, who needs a five-car garage and three floors for a house? Though I guess it should be four floors since the basement was actually renovated into a kick ass game room with dart boards, pool tables, big squishy sofas and three different gaming systems. The Cullens are loaded big time, but they are so cool despite that. A lot of rich people get a rep for being snobby or dickwads. Not the Cullens though. I walked into the house announcing my arrival. I haven't knocked on this door since I was seven or eight years old. "Emmett, dear, I'm just finishing up the snacks for you boys." Esme smiled and gave me a hug as I came in. She is the sweetest woman and to be honest I like to pretend she's my Mom since I've never had one. She's the ideal Mom. Sweet, awesome cook, she's so pretty and she never judges but she can give you a look if you're being bad that makes you feel like you're nuts shriveled and fell off. "Thanks, Esme." I felt bad she has cooked and I'm going to steal the guys away. Should I tell her? Shit. Dad might want to do that. "Hey, Em." Alice greets as she comes flouncing up the basement stairs. I assume she was down there bugging the guys. Little bit has a thing for Jazz, only she's just getting ready to go into her sophomore in high school and he's going to be a senior. And if he even tried to move on that, Edward would kill him. Edward is a laid back nice guy, but don't fuck with him or his sister, cause he can become a majorly scary mother fucker. "The guys are down there?" She sighed. "Yes, Jasper was going to let me join you guys, but Edward said no." She pouted and turned her pretty green eyes on me. Oh, hell no. "Sorry, kid, it's guy bonding day." Plus if she found out about Isabella, she'd be all over that with a party and wanting to go shopping. My unknown sister would be overwhelmed. Unless she is into that kind of stuff. I wonder what she is like? I ponder this as I say goodbye and head down into the game room. "Hey." They say in unison giving the universal guy grunt of hello. "Dudes, I got a huge-ass favor to ask of you." I gathered them close so I could whisper. "Ok, what?" Edward asks. "Well, you know how I have this sister I've never met?" They both nod and they looked puzzled. "Yeah, man, Mom still can't believe what that woman put your Dad through." I smiled at Jasper. "Well, she is striking again. Seems she's gotten remarried and no longer wants to play Mommy. So, she has signed over the daughter and shipped her off to live with us. I mean, completely signed her over, like gave up all rights." They looked stunned. "When did this happen?" Edward inquired. "Dad got a call at the butt crack of dawn. The harpy sent the paper work by fax to his office and Isabella is going to be here tomorrow night." "That soon?" Jasper questioned looking really shocked. "Dude, Dad showed me the paperwork. This woman literally has done all of this in a week. Now the poor kid is