In hindsight, this was probably a very, very bad idea. In fact, if he managed to live through this, he was pretty sure his father would kill him once he returned. Would that be irony? Whatever it was, it would be dreadfully unpleasant, but Gimli supposed he would have to weather his father's—and worse, his mother's— displeasure once he got back. … If he got back. Sighing as he looked around his little camp, the young dwarf decided that maybe it would have been better to enlist Fíli and Kíli on this trip after all. Hell, even Ori would have been a decent companion. But no, he'd been so proud, too full of himself, and had refused to even think about asking the other young lords to accompany him out east. Besides, he'd never really even told them what he was doing, and despite his rather frivolous nature, Fíli was developing a rather nasty stroke of responsibility. If wind of this trip would have caught the blond's attention, Gimli was sure it would have been over before he'd managed to step boot outside. But as it was, he hadn't told anyone what he was doing, nor invited his sometime-friends to join him on this quest. Instead, he'd managed to sneak away from Ered Luin to set off alone so that he could witness the splendor of the old tales― to see Erebor, the Lonely Mountain. Of course Gimli was not normally the kind of dwarf to run off and do something so stupid—that was Fíli and Kíli's specialty. Normally he was the sort that did as he was told and didn't question his superiors. Normally he worked hard to be the model dwarf. There were no thoughts of rushing off on adventures, no giving in to whimsy and fancy. But after a rather heated argument with his friends , Gimli couldn't stand it anymore. He didn't like that the others thought he was boring and dull― that he was uninspired. And so that's what had brought Gimli this far on his quest to see Erebor. He would prove to Fíli and Kíli that he could be spontaneous. That he was not so stiff and unimaginative. For the first time in his life he'd given in to impulsive and fanciful desire. In an act of complete selfishness, he'd left behind his home, his family, his friends, his safety, just so he could get a glimpse of the ancestral home that had been taken from his people. All the better that he would be the first of his friends to actually see it in person, leaving behind imagination, given way to reality. But this adventure of his had been anything but easy. Leaving Ered Luin had been difficult in not getting caught or seen by passing dworrow. Gimli had been extremely careful in his sneaking, making sure none saw him until he made it to the Hills of Evendium. From there, he'd had a rather pleasant trip through the little hills, but steered himself northward, passing near the North Downs. It was as he passed close to the old kingdom of Angmar and the Ettenmoors that he had run into some trouble with packs of orc and goblins. Thankfully the bands hadn't been very big, and he'd managed to either slaughter all of the enemies that had come his way or bypass them completely. Fortunately the worst of his travels was over now (or so he hoped). He'd made it through the Misty Mountains all on his own without much difficulty other than having to dodge more than one avalanche of rock and endure the blistering cold rains and howling winds. But he was through and the travelling was sure to be easier. Just out of the mountains, the young dwarf had decided it was time to stop for the night. Taking out his map, Gimli looked it over, trying to decide where he was. From what he could see, where he'd come out from the Misty Mountains, he should now be camping on the east side of the Anduin River. At least, he thought it was the Anduin. He didn't see another river on the map that could be where he'd turned up. And besides, he could just make out the shadow of Mirkwood looming before him in the distance. Despite the beginnings of regret, Gimli found pride in himself. His father was always going on and on about how young Gimli was, about how he couldn't handle being on his own, or how he couldn't take care of himself. Well, here he was, miles and miles away from home, having crossed nearly the entire world all by himself. He hadn't needed anyone. It was a great accomplishment, one that made the young dwarf feel rather pleased. He'd like to see either Fíli or Kíli do this! Turning back to his map, trying not to become too overconfident, the dwarf pulled out some dried meat to chew on before making his next plan of action. Mirkwood lay before him, but for all his bravado, not even Gimli was willing to take on the dark wood. He'd heard some pretty nasty stories coming out of that black forest. Between rumors of giant spiders and wild elves, the young dwarf decided not the risk going in without back up. So, deciding that since he was so far north anyway, he might as well see the Grey Mountains and bypass Mirkwood all together, coming into Erebor from the north. It would be cold, certainly, but he'd come prepared, and had even stalked up at the last town he'd passed through, gathering furs and dried provisions. He could take the cold. It was summer now after all, and it would probably be warmer than he thought anyway. Smiling, feeling accomplished, the dwarf leaned back, looking around his small camp. His little fire crackled merrily and it was a rather quiet evening, only the sounds of nature, the river running just within sight, whispering in the dusk. It was peaceful, though it was not as soothing to the dwarf as being within a mountain, but it was restful all the same. He was just beginning to relax, perhaps get a few hours of sleep since the area was secure, when he noticed his water skins were empty. Scowling at the offending object, Gimli knew he should probably fill it now as opposed to later. So, dragging himself up from his comfortable position, he wandered closer to the river. It was getting dark out, the sun dipping down out of the sky. Already nightly insects were beginning their chorus in the dusk, but the dwarf didn't pay them much mind. All he wanted was to get his water and then go to sleep. It had been a long day of travel. He deserved some rest. He leaned down and had just managed to fill his water skins, and turned to leave, when something caught his eye. Rotating back around, the dwarf stared off into the distance, to the other side of the river. There seemed to be… something . Frowning, Gimli squinted, willing his eyes to make out what was just beyond. It looked…shiny. No, no, that wasn't the right word. It was pale, and while it shone in the darkening night, it wasn't shiny . But it did seem to…glow a bit. Somehow. No, that wasn't quite right either, was it? It caught the reflection of the light, perhaps? After a minute of fruitless query, Gimli was about to shrug off the object as just something his mind was trying to make out of nothing, when the rushing water dislodged the object from where it had been held in place. It began floating with the current closer to the dwarf. In that moment, in the churning waves, the image of an arm made itself clear. It was a person! Cursing in Westron and Khuzdul, the young dwarf rushed into the water until he was waist deep, just managing to catch onto the boot of the unfortunate soul before it passed out of reach. The man was tall, but thin, not nearly as heavy as Gimli would have expected, even in the water. But he didn't worry about that. Instead, the dwarf made it his top priority to get the man out of the water; everything else could be dealt with later. And when he had accomplished that feat, dragging the man― boy?―out, Gimli placed his ear over the young one's chest. He wasn't breathing. So, turning the stranger onto his side, after wiping away some of the mud from around the lad's mouth and nose, ignoring all the muck he was fouling up his clothes, Gimli began hitting the boy on the back. It took several good, solid thwacks before the still body lurched forward to life, dirty water spewing out of white lips. The lad began coughing violently before he eventually vomited, forcing Gimli to help sit the other being up so he wouldn't choke on his own fluids. And when the stranger had emptied his bowls, he fell limp almost instantly. It took a moment for Gimli to shake himself out of his surprise and adrenalin before looking around, trying to detect anyone else out there. There was no one, not a soul. The night was still, just as it had been moments before. The river rushed on, the insects and birds chirped, and the warm wind rustled the leaves on the tree tops. There was only him and the boy he had dragged out of death's grasp. Feeling queasy himself, dwarf knew he was going to have to make some pretty hard decisions. Since there was no one else around, the responsibility of the lad now fell to him, as did all critical decisions. The first being; what was he going to do with the boy? Placing his ear once more over the chest, the dwarf knew that the lad was breathing, but it sounded awfully wet and labored. Panic surged through the young dwarf when he spied an arrow shaft sticking out of the boy's shoulder, perilously close to his neck. And even covered in mud, Gimli thought he could see blood seeping out of the boy's left leg and side to the right. Whatever had happened to the lad hadn't been an accident. This man had been through a fight, an orc brawl from the look of it, if the arrow was anything to go by. Pulling aside the filthy locks of unexpectedly long hair, trying to get a better view of the boy's face, Gimli was once again rudely surprised when his hand brushed against delicately leaf-shaped pointed ear. This wasn't a man, a human youngling he'd found. This was an elf!The realization had the dwarf weak in the knees. Instead of the clear path from before, three options had unexpectedly opened up. The first being that he could just leave the elf here. Walk away. Do nothing . The second was to clean the elf up a bit, bind the wounds, and be on his way, hoping that one of its kinsmen would be along shortly to collect it. The last― and most difficult decision―would be to take the elf back to his camp, clean him up, tend to the wounds, and then stay with the elf and nurse it back to full health. If he walked away or left right after seeing to the elf's injuries, there ran the very great chance that the elf would die. But if Gimli stayed, tended to the damage properly, then he ran the risk of running into a group of angry elves. Elves that would no doubt accuse him of a whole host of invented charges. In truth, it would be easiest to walk away from this; pretend he'd never seen the elf before. Maybe he should even dump it back in the water? That's no less than the creature deserved. No dwarf would blame him for the action. In fact,