The Mighty King of Mirkwood It was not easy for the Elvenking of Mirkwood to show much emotion other than scorn, anger, and arrogance anymore. He was old, one of the oldest elves that yet dwelled in Middle Earth, and with such age came a sense of privilege and distinction. True, he knew that should he ever feel compelled to sail to the West he would certainly be seen as a sapling, elves there able to dwarf his age. Yet here, in this Middle Earth, he was old, ancient, and having survived so long here was certainly an accomplishment. It was an honor. He had survived countless wars, survived all the horrors the world could shove in his face and always came out on top. Not only did his age demand respect, but his title as king certainly necessitated that he be given admiration. Not only was he an elven king of a prosperous, safe wood, he was the Elvenking, the last in Middle Earth, the king of the only safe haven within the most volatile forest in the land. Unlike Lórien where the elves roamed carelessly, feasting and singing in near ignorance of the world, the wood elves of Mirkwood enjoyed their lives knowing how hard their Elvenking fought, and still did, to protect them. Their merrymaking was more worth the having since they did not turn their back on the world. They fought to protect it, fought to save it, fought for the beauty, not abandoning it or ignoring its slow corruption. Arrogance came easily as a byproduct of all he had accomplished in protecting his realm. For unlike the other elven lords and ladies left in this Middle Earth, the Elvenking did not use the protection of a magic Ring of Power. He did not need such a crutch. His realm remained safe and prosperous because of his power and will alone, not because he possessed magic trinkets tainted by the enemy. He did not need anything else to help him. It was just him. Just him on top. And so it was little wonder with all that he had accomplished in his long, ancient life that the Elvenking developed a sense of not just authority, but superiority when he looked out at others. His fellow elven lords were looked down upon in many respects by him for their weaknesses, for they talked much of action, yet rarely accomplished anything. They believed themselves so wise, so very noble, yet they hid in their valleys and trees like cowards. Mortals, too, received the Elvenking's distain. Throughout his life, mortals had shown themselves frail and unreliable. They promised so much, yet never did their promises yield much fruit. Men were a nuisance as they never seemed to know when to stop breeding; spreading and corrupting the land with their squalor. Their lust for power made them foolish and overconfident. They fell so easily, their lives but a mere drop in the ocean of time. Dwarves especial held the Elvenking's particular contempt, for he was there when the great Sindar city of Doriath fell. He watched as his home burned, his kin slaughtered before him, his people betrayed. His own mother had never come to these woods because of those foul creatures, cut down before his very eyes as she tried to flee from the unexpected attack. So many children had never had the chance to grow, so many lives not meant to die had been lost. The creatures of stone and earth were nothing but greedy traitors that deserved only eternal damnation. No matter what others told him, dwarves would always be counted among the enemy as far as he was concerned. While he would not actively hunt them as he did other foul creatures—not from the lack of wanting, but more because even he knew that they were useful in the war against Sauron in providing suitable distractions—they would always hold his abhorrence. Never would he trust them, not even if there were no other choices before him. No, the Elvenking of Mirkwood stood alone in his power, his strength, and his fight for peace. Allies were slow and did little as they sat in safety, promising much but giving nothing. Neutral creatures only blundered and got in the way of progress. In the end, there was only him. The others had all but abandoned him, never caring for his plight, that his home was slowly being devoured by darkness. He was alone now, but he'd come to realize, he always had been. His apathy for the rest of the peoples of Middle Earth had been rather slow in coming, but it was steady. The more others ignored him, the more they did nothing, the more the Elvenking found himself indifferent for them as well. After all, why should he care when they did not? Why should he risk his people by spreading them out to other kingdoms when they could be used here at home? Why should he seek to make alliances with mortals when all they ever did was betray and disappoint? Mirkwood, though dark, was still strong in the north, his people's courage and bravery made it so. His strength, his guidance and cunning had protected the wood elves thus far. His insight into the world and how it really worked was what had saved the elves of Greenwood. His kin would have him believe that the world was still good and there was so much light left, but the Elvenking knew the truth. He watched day by day as everything faded into shadow. He knew that to trust others was to invited frustration and heartache. He knew their words were spoken in desperate hope only, not reality. So, as the Elvenking sat upon his throne, looking out over his vast kingdom, listening to the whispers of trees and the forest around him, sensing all the dangerous it contained, he could not help but be pleased with himself. The woods were calm today with little orc activity. It was not suspicious or unusual for there to be such lulls in their movements, so the Elvenking was unconcerned. He would take this day as a gift, his warriors could recuperate. And just maybe, maybe this was a sign of good fortune. Not that he would get his hopes up, but it was, after all, a possibility. Pushing his senses out farther, the Elvenking tried to detect elven movement in the darker places of the forest, where his power had long ago faded. Remnants of his presence lingered there, mere shadows of what once was, but he tried nonetheless to sense anything there. He was especially anxious today to hear news of a certain returning party. The Elvenking still did not know what had possessed him to aid that ranger, Lord Elrond's adopted son, when he'd come here to Mirkwood with that revolting creature from the marshes. Perhaps it had been curiosity, perhaps it had been out of respect for Mithrandir, but whatever the reason, he had provided aid to Elrondion and watched the creature called Gollum. Inwardly the king scoffed at the idea of his peer adopting a mortal, but never said his thoughts out loud, knowing what this human represented. Elrond's motivations, in the end, were just as much selfish as selfless. And so, continuing on in a similar vein, the Elvenking had housed the creature brought to him by the mortal because he saw in it a key, a key to the future. But sons were what the Elvenking's mind lingered on as he tried to brush aside his distaste for the ranger. Letting everything for the moment fade into the back of his mind, he turned his thoughts and attention to surveying the woods, hoping to find trace of the prince returning from Imladris. He did not know why he had allowed the child to go deliver a simple message that the creature Gollum had escaped, to remain a herald between his kingdom and Elrond's, but in the end, he'd allowed the elfling to go. Perhaps it was because Legolas had been responsible for the creatures escape to begin with. The Elvenking almost snorted as he remembered his son coming to him, pleading that he be allowed to take the creature out into the forest to walk. For whatever reason, his son had developed pity for the disgusting thing and wanted to 'help' it. The Elvenking had, of course, told his son in no short words that there was no helping such a being, so twisted and eaten away by evil, but of course the elfling would not listen. And now, because of his misplaced compassion, not only had the creature gotten away, but several good elves had perished, now waiting in the Halls of Mandos until the end of time, or whenever Námo saw fit to release them. Legolas, too, had been injured when that orc party had attacked, and had almost been part of the casualty list. The Elvenking, as befitting his station, had not only chastised the child, but treated him as he would any of his warriors who had been so careless. He had been stern, as a king should, and was pleased that the elfling had taken his punishment with the grace of the prince he was. He expected better from a Prince of the Woodland Realm. And so, when his greatest warrior― despite his youth― had wanted to take responsibility for his actions, had wanted to ride to Imladris with the message of the creature's escape, the Elvenking supposed he had allowed it because he was pleased the prince was taking charge and was holding himself accountable for the incident. It was good that, despite being so young, the child was not of the illusion others of their race were and ignored the severity of his actions. Legolas knew and understood, just as the Elvenking expected. A whisper of the trees caught the Elvenking's attention, and he knew that the party from Imladris had entered the wood. A pleased smile lifted the corners of the Elvenking's lips. While of fair face, the act appeared almost sinister, the inward conceit of the king showing through, his haughty confidence shining in his eyes. He had known his party would arrive today, and he could not help being pleased with himself once more at his correct assumption. He was not so unwise as others would claim him to be. He might not have the gift of foresight, but he was certainly not blind. One did not need foresight to see the future, one merely had to look around themselves and see the signs given. And so, pleased that the party had returned, having missed the presence of some of Mirkwood's greatest warriors, the Elvenking sat on his throne, waiting patiently for them to arrive. In a few hours, he would hear all they had to say, and then everything would return to the way it was supposed to be. While others blamed him for many things, none could fault him with impatience. The Elvenking could always wait, and he would always wait for just the perfect chance to strike. It was what made him an excellent ruler and a formidable foe. When the great gates finally opened several hours later, it was well into the evening. Normally the Elvenking would have retired some time ago, but he lingered on his throne that night. None could call anything he did anxious, for it did not show on his face. Internally, he would not call himself restless either, for he did not believe himself to be. He had merely wanted to know what had transpired in Imladris. Curiosity compelled him to wait. But as he gazed out into his kingdom, sharp eyes trailing the company that was coming towards him, the king's lightly upturned lips stalled and turned downwards. For the closer they came, the more aware the Elvenking became of the lack of golden hair in the midst of all the