A/N: Please read and review! Thank you! The stormy rain reflected his current emotions. Pettigrew was missing. Sirius's heart beat in trepidation, fearing the worst. He immediately hopped onto his motorcycle, and switched on the engine. The motorcycle roared with life and flew towards Godric's Hollow. As he flew, Sirius kept telling himself it everything was fine, that nothing could happen. But deep down inside, he suspected. Peter Pettigrew was one of his friends, and he knew how timid he was. Did he deflect to Voldemort, out of fear, even if it meant the betrayal of his friends? He shouldn't have trusted him, allowing him to become the secret-keeper. The roar of the thunder made his body jolt. A flash of lightning followed, illuminating the scene in front of him. It was all too late. James was lying still on the floor, the pale skin and lifeless eyes hinting the worst. "No, no, no, no, no!" His legs gave way. With trembling hands, he pressed his fingers on his neck, desperately hoping to feel his pulse. There was none. A grief-stricken howl came out of him, unable to believe his best mate was dead. "Lily… What about Lily? And Harry?" He got up, trying to shake away his grief and muster up all his strength to walk up the stairs. The stairs creaked noisily as he made his way slowly, every step filled with suspense and dread. The entrance of the room seemed like the usual. It was as if the horrible nightmare didn't happen, and Sirius could imagine Lily hugging and kissing her son, like always, when he walked into the room. But having seen James's body, he knew that was impossible. He dreaded what awaited him, knowing that this night might haunt his nightmares for years to come. Nearing the room, he could hear a baby crying, and that relieved him immensely, for it meant Harry was alive. Then, Lily? Stepping in the room, he had his answer. Like James, she lay in front of the cot, unmoving and emerald eyes dull. The only thing keeping him from breaking down on the spot was Harry's cries, a reminder that not all hope was lost. He gingerly took out Harry from the cot, hugging him closely in his arms. The warmth of Harry seemed to isolate him from the cold, brutal reality. Surprisingly Harry was staring at him with his mother's eyes, not crying any longer. A warm, fuzzy feeling awoke within Sirius, the desire to protect this child. "James! Wha's this?!" A gruff cry, followed by a wail from below startled him. The voice sounded familiar. Sirius peeked down the steps to see Hagrid hunching over James, body trembling in grief. Not being very stealthy about it, the creak of the first step he took immediately alerted Hagrid to his presence. "Who's there?!" Hagrid yelled, eyes narrowing, trying to make out in the darkness, wand pointing at the staircase. "If it's yer, Sirius, yeh better reveal yehself!" "Whoa, whoa, wait." Sirius shouted back, "Harry is here with me, so don't do anything stupid!" "Harry? Harry's alive?" Hagrid's eyes widened, filling with hope when he saw Harry in Sirius's arms. He lowered his wand and wiped his face streaked with tears on one sleeve. "Lily… What about Lily?" He asked hopefully. The expression on Sirius face told Hagrid all he had to know. "Lily… Oh the kind Lily…" He wept, tears flowing once more. "Black… How dare yer betray them?" He said between sobs that violently racked his whole body. "I didn't." Sirius said solemnly, "Though the fault lies with me... If I hadn't, at that time…" He squeezed out painfully, face contorting with emotions. As if sensing Sirius's pain, Harry placed one hand on Sirius cheek, comforting him. Wide-eyed and speechless at Harry's action, Sirius managed to calm himself down. Peter had to pay for his actions, but he withheld the urge to go after him. Right now, protecting Harry was more important. The Dark Lord had somehow or another failed to kill Harry. There was no doubt he would strike again. "Would yeh give Harry to me?" Hagrid extended out his burly-looking arms, wanting to take Harry out of Sirius's arms. Sirius swiftly avoided his hands, turning his body away from him. "What do you think you're doing?" He threatened in a voice low and menacing. Hagrid seemed shocked at Sirius's behaviour, face quickly arranging to keep his fearful expression down. "It's… It's because I had orders, from Dumbledore… to bring Harry, if alive to him." "Dumbledore…" He was the one who had proposed the Fidelius Charm, and also their professor whom Lily and James trusted a lot. However, Sirius was not one to take orders simple-mindedly. "Where did he instruct to bring Harry to?" "That's…" Hagrid wavered a while, but Sirius gaze compelled him to answer. "Lily's sister. They're muggles, but they're able to protect Harry using blood wards." "Lily's sister… Petunia?" Sirius's brows furrowed together, and searched his memory. He remembered Lily mentioning about Petunia avoiding her due to magic, occasionally sending snide remarks of how a freak she was, that she wasn't normal. Their relationship had drifted off, Lily never mentioning Petunia again once they had graduated from Hogwarts. Hearing Dumbledore's plans for Harry, Sirius sure as hell didn't want Harry to end up there. "I was named his godfather. I'll take him into custody – not Petunia." He proclaimed, eyes flashing strongly. Hagrid swore he saw a bit of red in those black eyes of his. Fearful of him, Hagrid stepped back a few steps. And while Hagrid stood there dumbly, Sirius took off to the sky with Harry in his arms, leaving Hagrid to look helplessly at his back. … Dumbledore's idea of using blood wards had gave him an idea. Magic that used blood was often powerful, and most of the time, irreversible. To protect Harry, he would give him his blood that was spelled to make Harry become his real son, a blood bond of sorts. Sirius prepared himself for the pain and slit his wrist in one deep gash, pouring his blood into a cup. Once there was an appropriate amount, he healed his wound, and picked up his wand, flitting around in complicated motions. The blood glowed once, before returning to its original state, an indication that the spell was done. Sirius carefully poured into a baby bottle and fed it to Harry who drank it all at once. Once emptied, the spell immediately had its effect. Harry's appearance was slightly altered to become more aristocratic. Basically, with sharper features. Sirius could not contain his joy having seen Harry's transformation. Harry was now his real child, and his only heir. Years passed with Sirius raising Harry outside of Britain, not wanting Harry to be exposed to his fame that was too much for a young child. Due to being under blood wards, not even Dumbledore had found out where they lived. The Black Family had many mansions under their name, after all. The day that the Hogwarts letter arrived in post, Sirius determined that it was time to tell Harry about the identity of his previous parents, and the fame he was likely to receive. The wizarding world literally treated him as their saviour, despite the fact that he was barely one year old when he defeated you-know-who. Harry looked at him with incredulous eyes, gaping as he tried to process what he had just heard. "So I'm the boy-who-lived?" He spoke difficultly, unable to wrap his mind around it. "Why are you only telling this to me now, dad?" He spoke in a frustrated tone, brows furrowing deeply. Despite the anger shown on his face, it could not destroy his prominent looks that could easily make a girl fall for him. Sirius smiled wryly, ruffling Harry's black hair, and Harry's anger dissipated in a flash. He hated how his dad did it so easily, but seeing his father's guilty expression, he couldn't fault it against him – he was weak to only father in this world, after knowing his previous parents had died. "It's time for you to go out to the world." From his pocket, he held up the letter between his fingers, "This is the Hogwarts acceptance letter, the school I've always talked about." Harry's emerald eyes twinkled in anticipation. He had always heard about his dad talking about the fun he had during his school period, and could not wait to start school. Being tutored in the mansion was interesting, but he did not have any close age companions. "I know you're excited, but remember these few things – I don't forbid you from flouting the rules, but don't get caught." He winked, remembering his Marauder days, causing Harry to laugh. His parent was cool with such things, different from the others. "Next off, whenever Voldemort is concerned, be cautious. If things are out of your hands, ask for help – be it your friends or professors. Hell, even Snape. I heard he had become one of the professors." He said, scrunching up his face, "Though he might still harbour a bit of a grudge from our old days…" "Your fault, dad." Harry was quick to point that out. Sirius rubbed the back of his head, displaying a bit of sheepishness. "I know, I know… I'll apologise to him when I have the chance. The last, but not the least…" "Is our vampirism, right?" Harry cut in, rolling his eyes in desperation. "I know that already. Since young you've been telling me that I cannot tell my tutors about it…" "Why did I always tell you that?" Sirius questioned seriously, testing his son of his knowledge. Harry sighed and the words rolled off his tongue easily, proof that he was confident of his answer. "Because we Vampires are different from humans. We possess speed, power, and highly effective blood magic that others cannot have." However, glancing back to his dad, Sirius looked unsatisfied with the answer. "That's only half correct. Think. Our weakness?" Harry thought for a while, wrecking his head for an answer. "Is there any? Blood?" Sirius nodded, satisfied. "That's right, our craving for blood. Vampires have been shunned because of their lust for blood, and also their indiscriminate attacks on the innocent humans for centuries. But the Black Family is different. Due to our powerful magic flowing through our blood, we are able to control our craving to a certain extent." Vampires like them only need a few pints of blood every three months before they go hungry. The next moment Sirius grinned widely, his fangs showing indiscriminately. A red lustre was in his eyes. "What if there was blood, lots of blood…" He raised his hands, sweeping over the room in an imaginary bloody scene, a litter of corpses on the floor. "Even if it were us, think of the consequence if we were to be exposed directly to large amounts of blood." An alarmed expression showed on Harry's face. "So that means… if we're exposed to large amounts of blood, we'll go berserk?" "Berserk… Yes, that might be one way of how you can describe it." Sirius laughed wryly. "We lose all reason, leaving only the primal urge to consume the blood. And in that state, we're particularly vulnerable, relying only on our instincts. Wizards can just off us with one spell – Avada Kedarva ." A shiver ran down Harry's spine hearing the chant of the killing curse. "That's…" He found himself speechless. Never did he think that being a Vampire was a disadvantage. Rather, he did like the benefits it gave, enjoying his more than normal speed walking from place to place. Sirius gave a small smile, understanding what Harry was thinking. "But you need not worry that much. That situation only occurs if they want to corner a vampire. In reality, it's hard to do so. With our speed, we can escape before the scent of