A/N I want to start off by saying that I love and thank my Beta Kymz and her amazing beta-skillz. I want to continue with the love I have for you for all the things you do. I want to end with still be my friend? Yeah, I totes suck at rhyming. Chapter 1: Harvard can wait Sometimes I wondered if she'd ever knock this off. If she'll ever realize that the more she talked about it, the more I didn't want to. With a groan I roll out of bed. This is an unreasonable demand. I know it, she knows it yet she still talks about it. Frequently, and for at least 6 months now. The only funny thing about this: since I started ignoring her she started talking to herself. Loud enough for me to hear and maybe the neighbours can too. Not that she'd care about embarrassing us. What we did to her was way more scandalous. Just as I open the door of my bedroom I hear her words clearly now, unmuffled by the door that used to barrier me from her verbal onslaughter. She looks up at me from the bottom of the stairs she's mopping, waiting and certainly hoping for a reaction. When I simply turn around heading for the bathroom I only hear a "That girl is going to be the death of me!" before I close the bathroom door. The both of us being together in one room is dangerous and highly explosive. Both of us think we're right. None of us is willing to hear each other out, let alone see reason in the others' point of view. Though actually her opinion doesn't even really matter here. I jump into the shower in an attempt to wash last nights' sweat off of me. In an attempt to wash it all off. The pain, the sorrows, the uncertainty but the water only takes the physical evidence with it. A towel around my body and one on my head I walk back to my room relieved that my mother is nowhere to be seen. It must be well after lunch by now, the time my days usually start. For a moment my mind drifts to what I'd be doing if I were at work today. Quickly diverting to thoughts of my very friendly wake-up call. It's not that I wouldn't get angry with any other person trying to talk me into this; the topic itself just bears that danger, but those people are strangers. My mother is not. My mother should know better than to piss me off like this and on purpose nonetheless. Deep breaths B I remind myself and before I've counted to ten; a technique my father taught me after finding out I had inherited Renee's bad temper, my mother bursts through the door doing what she does best, criticising me. "That towel around your head looks awful take it down, dry your hair with it and blow-dry it. Though on second thoughts blow dry it and straighten it afterwards, it looks like a lion mane otherwise. Also how many times do I have to tell you to use one towel instead of two? But of course why would you not use two. It's not like you're doing any laundry or hanging it out..., "she tells me for the billionth time. We've had this conversation so many times that I feel like she is a broken CD-player stuck on the same scratch on the CD that's repeating over and over again, only I can't switch to the next song. The phone rings and she's gone like the wind, leaving me to thank god for making someone call her. Renee has never had a job in her entire life; not one day has she had to work. She was raised to be a housewife, that's what she's been doing all her life. Ever since she had to stay at home after high school because her parents could simply not afford college. She cleaned, cooked, took care of her family in every way possible which is honorable, but surely no more so than going to work and helping with the household aswell? Something I've done for two years before I became jobless. I'll never understand her. After I'm dressed and towel-dried my hair, I head downstairs to the kitchen to have some breakfast. Even though it's technically too late for that. Brunch seems more fitting. Grabbing a bowl to pour my cornflakes and milk into, I hear my mother's voice getting louder and more excited as she comes closer. "No Sue, she's not listening to me... I know it's an offer she shouldn't refuse..."she speaks into the receiver and I take that as my cue to leave. I grab my bowl and literally run to my room before I say something not so nice to her that I might regret later. Sue has been the one to start this topic and she's the one who keeps bringing it up. To say I am not on good terms with her since then would be an understatement. My mothers trusting of her way more than she deserves, doesn't make the situation I am in any better. At least I get to finish my cornflakes before I hear my mother stomp up the stairs. For a moment I am thankful she didn't choose the profession of a burglar because she sure would've sucked at it, and it might've gotten in the way of her marrying the police officer of Forks but that's a different story altogether. "Sue just called, "she informs me as she stands beside me. I think No shit, Sherlock; I say "Uh-hmm" instead. "According to her that guy is really really nice and great, "she continues absolutely ecstatic that finally someone's interested in me. I can't help but roll my eyes. Here we go again. Even though I should be used to it by now, I must've held onto the teensy tiny bit of hope that lingers inside of everything that seems hopeless because I am disappointed yet again that she's not as tired of this game as I am. "You should at least give the poor boy a chance you know? Maybe he's not that bad after all. He told Sue that he won't back off until he hears you're married, "she giggles. 1... 2... 3... Oh, fuck this shit. "That guy has only seen me once in his entire fucking life when we were kids and yet he goes around telling people he wants to marry me and you're not only totally falling for it but not even questioning his motives or even Sue's? Do you really want to get rid of me that badly because I can sure move out aswell you know? "I yell, furious with my mother for making me feel this way. Unwanted, unloved and Unworthy of actually being loved. I have so much more to say but I hold my tongue. I'm the daughter after all. I owe her, not the other way around. I'm in full rage, pacing around the room. Trying desperately to get my breathing under control and distract myself before I lose it, well try to is more like it. All my life I've been told to stay away from men. They only want one thing from me she'd said. They'll break my heart and leave me bleeding she'd said. Every attempt at being a girl she'd nipped in the bud. The result: A man-distrusting tomboy. Normal mothers don't tell their 14-year-old daughters that men only want sex or that they'll break their heart. Normal mothers don't tell their 16-year-old daughters what to wear and normal mothers sure don't think that just anyone is good enough for their daughter but that nobody is. Operation calm yourself is still in full effect. Anger is not good for my health, I remind myself or for those around me, my evil side chimes in. My mother just stares at me, clearly oblivious of what's going on inside of me and only says "You can move out once you're married. Besides I am not telling you to marry him, just to consider getting to know him. " Does she even realize she's being totally contradictory? "Well his intentions are more than clear, "I say calmer than I should be able to. Once she's by the door, the knob in her hand, she turns around one last time accusing me that I'll never get a chance like this ever again and steps out. Tired of my angry outburst earlier, I lay down on my bed staring at the ceiling. When there's still some anger left in my system, I make plans to move out. Somewhere she can't find me would be perfect. Maybe Europe? I heard Germany's a great place to live. When there's none though, rather unwelcome thoughts occupy my mind. What if she's at least kind of right? Mothers always are, aren't they? She must worry. I mean I'm a 21 year old A+ virgin who has never let anyone but her best friend of 15 years through her walls. According to Alice I even have walls surrounding the walls I've built around me. She's probably right about that, considering my natural distrust towards people. Thankfully the feminista in me never tires of reminding me that I got lots of dreams to fulfill before I even think about dating anyone. I don't have the time to. Yes, some of them might remain dreams forever, like going to Harvard, but I won't let that get me down. I still have plenty of goals to achieve before I even think of any type of relationship, I nod to myself. It's important to live your life before you start sharing it with someone else. While you're in love you might find everything much more appealing but one day, those rose-colored glasses will be worn out and you'll see life for what it is: A constant struggle. Somewhere along the way I must've fallen asleep because dad's at my door waking me up and calling me for dinner. Please let this not be a rerun of today's episode of "Let's get Bella set up with someone because obviously she can't find a boyfriend herself". To make sure it's not, I give Renee the "Don't make this a rerun of the Let's get Bella set up with someone because obviously she can't find a boyfriend herself episode earlier look and hope she's not as oblivious to it as she usually is. We eat without a word lost on the incident and instead the usual "How was your day? "blabber ensues. Renee holds a twenty minute monologue about all the housework she's done and what she still needs to do tomorrow. Good thing she's so damn self-centered because by the end of it we're done eating and mum and dad leave me to clean up. Hopefully Renee knows the "Don't talk about it"clause is still in effect. Charlie's on her side anyway. He knows that guy; well his father actually, so he'd be more than delighted. I scrub the pan with the full force of my frustration. It's unbelievable how my parents think that I should settle down when I'm anything but ready to. You'd think that with the way they're pushing for it, I'm a slut or something. They want me to settle down already because I'm sleeping around too much. But truth is: I don't drink, I don't smoke, and I don't whore around. I'd have to go out to do all that anyway. Which I don't. "That pan is as clean as it'll ever get, "my dad breaks the silence. He effectively scared me to death and caused me to drop said pan with his sudden appearance. "Dad, my poor heart! " I gasp. He comes over slowly, as if I was a rare and easily scared animal. But when he speaks up again I have to