Okay, I'll admit it: I'm drunk. Five shots, three mojitos, and half a beer later, and the walls feel friendly and everything that Finnick says is hilarious. "This is fucking awesome!" Finnick shouts in my ear. "You should turn twenty-one every night." I giggle, unable to do much else. This night is exactly how I hoped it would be. Great drinks, great people, great times. This is the first time I've had more than a beer in one sitting. Most of the decision not to drink stems from the fact that I think booze tastes like lighter-fluid, and not an abhorrence to underage drinking. But turning twenty-one is a rite of passage, and I knew I was going to have to just forget my taste buds and get fucked up. Also, I have two very mouthy and alcohol-enthusiastic friends, Finnick Odair and Johanna Mason, who wouldn't let me slide by my 21st birthday without drinking until the world blurred. "And look, Peeta's having a good time, too," Finnick says, elbowing me suggestively. Finnick has known about my crush on baker and new resident to our town, Peeta Mellark, for almost two months now, and he uses every available moment to make fun of me for it. I elbow him back, hard, as my eyes search for Peeta. I find him at the bar, waiting for some drinks. His elbows are resting on the chipped wood, his body hunched, and his backside on display. I lick my lips. Damn, I want to eat ice cream off that ass. It's perfectly round and obviously toned; it fills out his deep blue boot-cut jeans incredibly. It's my third favorite thing about Peeta Mellark. As if sensing my gaze, Peeta turns in my direction. A smile breaks out on his face—a smile I want to claim, and hope, is for me. "Go over there," Finnick whispers in my ear, elbowing me again. "Ask him to give you your birthday spankings." I punch him in the arm, causing him to gasp and laugh, but I take his advice. My booze-addled mind agrees with Finnick: I should go over there and talk to him. What's the worst that could happen? "Hey, Birthday Girl," he coos, when I'm only a foot away, pushing past the last couple bodies to get to him. "Hey, Peeta, having fun?" I ask. I think he is. He's pretty good friends with Finnick and Johanna, who right now is playing pool in the corner and flirting with a muscled blonde. "Of course!" he says, leaning closer to me so he doesn't have to yell over the noise. "This has been a great night." "I think so!" I chirp back. He laughs, and lifts an arm to run through his blonde curls. That's my second favorite thing about Peeta Mellark: his hair. It's a tousled mess of curls and waves, that flop around on his head in any which way. He doesn't style it in any particular way; he just lets it do its own thing. And its own thing is look gorgeous. "God, you're hot." My hand flies to my mouth, my eyes widening. Did I really just say that? Did I really just admit my feelings to Peeta Mellark, bakery owner and panty drencher? Peeta's fly to mine, widening, too. Yeah, he didn't see that coming either. "Oh, fuck," I say, collapsing onto the bar. I groan—a drunken groan that sounds like Chewbacca ate a peanut butter sandwich. What is wrong with me? Do I like to torture myself? This is the booze's fault. I never would have said anything if this were different circumstances—if I wasn't drunk and horny from Finnick's mention of getting spanked my Peeta Mellark. Where is a tornado to suck you up when you need one? "What do we have here?" I lift my face off the bar and meet the narrowed eyes of Johanna Mason. She's glaring at me, but her eyes are full of amusement. "Have a little too much to drink there, Brainless?" she asks. I nod my head. Yes. Booze is the reason why I will probably never talk to Peeta Mellark again. "Well, it's a good thing it's time to go, then." I push myself up from the bar, purposefully avoid looking at Peeta, and notice how empty the bar has gotten in the last few minutes. I glance at my watch: 2:49. Closing time is in eleven minutes. Finnick comes up behind us, Delly following close behind. "Let's get going, ladies! And Peeta," he says with a nod. I follow Finnick out of the door, and Johanna whoops and laughs at whatever he is saying, before hooking her arm through his. There's never been anything between the two of them, but I can't help but notice how cute they could be if they ever decided to give it a shot. First, of course, they would have to give up their one-night-stand habits and settle down, and I don't see that happening for a while. The plan is for all of us to head back to my place, because it's the biggest and it's my birthday, and continue the drinking and fun. Once we are out on the sidewalk, Delly loops her arm through mine. Maybe it's to steady my wobbly steps, but probably just because she's a touchy-feely kind of person. Not something I usually relate to, but the alcohol pumping through my system is making me enjoy the warmth and comfort you only get from another person, even if it's just Delly—someone I have no physical attraction to. Peeta walks in front of us, giving us another model of his backside, and the perfect view of his sculpted shoulders. His thin, light green t-shirt is stretched over his toned muscles. I want to run my nails down his back and hear the moan erupt from his throat because of the action. Delly giggles beside me. "What?" I ask, turning towards her. "Nothing really. You're just totally checking out Peeta and it's very amusing for me to see you so attracted to someone." She giggles again. "Oh, shut it," I say, but I can't refute her. I was doing just that—and I haven't been so attracted to anyone else in my life. From the second I laid eyes on Peeta, over two months ago, when I walked into his newly opened bakery for a loaf of bread, I was entranced. He has a kindness that's infectious, and a humor that is never mean or shaming. And of course, he has the most beautiful face I've ever seen—with a strong rose, naturally rosy cheeks, and full, pink lips. He glances over his shoulder to the two of us, and we lock eyes. And this. This is my favorite thing about Peeta Mellark: his eyes. They aren't just a single color, like mine. Or like most people in the world. They are every shade of blue that has ever existed, or will ever exist, swirled into his iris. It's awe-inspiring. They make me weak in the knees. They are so open and honest, they make me want to shout my feelings from the mountaintops. They are kind and beautiful, just like he is. I feel the blush deepen on my face; I've been in a permanent state of blush since I had my first shot this evening, but his gaze make me flustered and self-conscious—in a perpetual state of blush. He turns his gaze back around just in time, and he doesn't run into Finnick and Johanna as they abruptly stop in the sidewalk in front of him. We've arrived at the car. Delly hops into the driver's seat—the designated driver for the night—and Johanna and Finnick hop around to the passenger side. I immediately panic. This car is some old-school model from the fifties; it has three seats in the front and three in the back, but only two seat belts in the back seat—the other was removed or lost or whatever who knows how long ago. Personally, I think the seatbelt is gone just to reinforce my humiliation. "After you," Peeta says, startling me. He creeped up beside me when I wasn't looking. "Okay." I open the door and climb in, pushing myself to the opposite side, leaving it open for Peeta. Another perk of this car: only one of the backdoors works. The other is permanently locked shut. Peeta slides in next to me in the cozy back seat, and slams the door shut just as Delly cranks the engine. Johanna, who is sitting in the middle, instantly starts to fiddle with the radio until she finds a station that she likes; a hip-hop station she, of course, turns up so loud my ears begin to bleed. Finnick and Johanna dance to the music as Delly pulls out of the parking spot, and Peeta and I finish buckling ourselves in. After a while or just sitting, I begin to groove to the beat as well—which is just another sign that I'm tipsy. This is not my usual style of music; I like more singer-songwriter, acoustic rock. But my hips feel the need to shake, and Finnick and Johanna's laughter makes me want to laugh too. The alcohol is starting to fade a little from my system, which is unfortunate, because the more the booze fades, the more the mortification rises. I can't believe I said that he was hot. I mean, he is, but I was hoping to take that secret to my grave. I'm not a person who gets off on telling others how I feel; I keep most things to myself. And I was never planning on telling Peeta how I felt. I was hoping he would eventually start to like me and ask me out or I would get over him with time. I don't make the move, ever. Which is probably while I've been single for almost two years. I'm so caught up in my own thoughts that I don't even notice that Peeta has moved closer to me until his lips are grazing my left ear. "I'm attracted to you, too. Just so you know," he whispers. I pull back from him, shocked. My eyes meet with his blue ones, shining bright in the dark. Really? Peeta nods, as if I said that aloud—which, let's be honest, I could have actually done—and leans in closer again. So close I can feel his breath on my lips. "I think you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen." I don't think about what I'm doing next. I just bring my hand to his face, run the tip of my fingers across his face and press my lips to his. Actually, no. I didn't do that. I didn't. I didn't take that last step. I didn't kiss him. Peeta Mellark kissed me . He presses his lips to mine, soft but sure. He tastes like beer and promises, and I want to devour him. I lean into him, never wanting our lips to separate ever again. I want to kiss him until the oceans dry up and the sun explodes. "Ow-ow!" I break away from Peeta violently, my head whipping forward. "Don't eat his face, Brainless," Johanna laughs, happy with herself. "Peeta and Katniss sitting in a tree," Finnick begins to sing. Delly and Johanna gracefully join in, "K-I-S-S-I-N-G!" "Grow up!" I squeal, my voice cracking—which causes them all to crack up. Even Peeta chuckles, his chest rumbling against my arm. I turn to him, ready to do some major verbal damage, but he smiles at me, and I forget to breathe. I've never seen him so close before, and he's even more beautiful. Not a single blemish or imperfection. Just a smattering of minuscule freckles on his rosy cheeks, which, I'm happy to see, are flushed from our kiss. I lean forward to kiss him again when the car comes to an abrupt stop. "We're here!" Delly chirps excitedly, and opens her door. I sigh, regretting