Local Chef wins award! Harry James Potter (35), has won yet another award for his award winning restaurant Lily's Love, which is located in Little Whinging, Surrey. Harry Potter, who is a student of the French Culinary Institute, a world renowned culinary school has been a restaurant owner since the age of 22. Potter, who prefers to cook foods that would be considered non-traditional compared to the teachings of his classical training have been a huge hit with diners since his doors first opened in early '03. Lily's Love, which is named after deceased mother, has won the prestigious Golden Spatula Award, a Surrey local award for the local Gastro eateries. Though he declined to comment, Mr Potter's Sous Chef said that the owner and head chef had e been touched by the award. The chef, whose home life had been famous for its ups and downs has been a member of Surrey's culinary fame for years now. His charity work to the local homeless and prevention of child abuse foundations have really touched the locals, who refer to Mr. Potter as the 'Golden Heart of Surrey'. His restaurant is expected to be packed out for the next two weeks, as current reservations are available for the end of the month. Hermione frowned as she glanced at the paper. The Whinging Whippet was a local newspaper for Surrey. The reason the middle aged witch had it however, was to track down her ex-boyfriend. She and Harry had dated when they returned for their last year of school. Their dating life was short lived however, after Harry caught her in bed with their best friend, Ron Weasley. It had been a moment of weakness on her part, and one that she regretted greatly. Harry had walked away from her after that, cutting all contact with her and Ron. He'd pop by the Burrow, as long as Molly ensured that she and Ron weren't around. She closed the newspaper, sighing as she sat in the small cafe across from Lily's Love. She didn't want Ronald to come with her. Though she loved her husband immensely, it didn't seem fair to Harry to drop such a bombshell with him there. Plus, he would've probably punched her husband in the face. She had called the restaurant, explaining that she needed to talk to Harry and that she was in the cafe across the street. She didn't expect him to come, but when he did walk over to her, she was amazed. He hadn't changed much. He had either gotten laser eye surgery or contact lenses, since he was without his signature glasses. He had put on a little weight, but for his frame it seemed to suit him. She noticed he wasn't smiling, though that was to be expected. "Harry. Thank you for coming…" Harry sat across from her, ordering himself a coffee. "What do you want, Granger?" "It's Weasley now, actually." Hermione whispered, playing with her wedding ring. "Is he here?" He asked bluntly, clenching his fist. He wasn't usually a violent man, but right now, he really wanted to smash a certain ginger's head in. "No. He's at work." She avoided his eyes. "I wanted you to know…" She sighed. She didn't know where to begin. "Harry, do you remember when..? When you caught us?" Harry nodded, taking a sip of his coffee. "Vividly." He said simply, ordering a biscotti and an eclair. His sweet tooth really started up once he finished a long shift. And he had been up all night cooking a slow roasted pulled pork for the mains. "What's this about, Granger?" Hermione frowned. "Can you please just call me Hermione? We were close, Harry. And I cannot apologise enough. I should've had the decency to break things off first." Harry bit the inside of his cheek. "What's this about?" He asked again. Hermione sighed. "A month or so after that, I found out I was pregnant." She explained, sipping on a cup of tea. "Ron and I had the baby, and when she was born…we knew she wasn't a Weasley." She took out a picture. "You've a daughter, Harry. I don't mind taking a paternity test to proof it to you." Harry took the picture, carefully examining every part of it. It was a recent photograph by the look of it. The girl had her arms around a redheaded child that could've been Ron and Hermione's son. She had black hair and soft brown eyes. Her cheekbones held a dignified look, while her chin and bone structure screamed aristocrat. The back of the picture read 'Rose and Hugo, Christmas '14' which meant it was only about three months old. "Ok. I'm guessing there's a reason you waited nearly sixteen years to tell me this. What do you want?" Hermione frowned. He truly seemed to hate her. "Rose has expressed an interest in meeting her birth father." She sighed. "I had to explain the situation that happened between the three of us and she became upset at me. She's beginning to understand now, but she's adamant about meeting you." Harry stared at the picture again, and couldn't stop the smile from coming to his face. "I've a table set aside for family to use whenever they need it. Bring her by tonight." He took a deep breath. "I want him there too." He handed her back the picture. "Ok." Hermione placed the picture back in her purse. "Just, no violence. Don't let her first impression of you be someone who's blinded by anger. Let her see the man I fell in love with." "I don't think you ever really loved that man, Hermione." Harry said softly. "If you did, I wouldn't have found you on top of my best friend." Hermione closed her eyes. "I told you…I'm sorry about that." 0o0o0 Rose placed her 'good dress' on for the dinner. She only ever wore it at weddings and other family gatherings. She fixed her hair down, which was the only way she liked to wear it. She couldn't believe she was finally going to meet Harry. True, she loved her mother and father with all her heart, but she wanted to know who helped bring her into the world. Her mother had returned in an upset state, telling her father that Harry still had the same attitude about them. Her heart broke until she was told that Harry had wanted to meet her too. She put her shoes on, staring at her reflection in the mirror. "Hugo, Mum said you've to get ready." She said to her baby brother. The six year old didn't seem to comprehend her request, since he just sat on her bed. "Mummy said we're going to meet your Daddy tonight." He said, his voice unusually soft. "Does that mean you're going to live with him..?" He asked worriedly. Rose stopped what she was doing. How could he think that? "Hugo…" She knelt down beside him. "Of course not, sweetheart. I just want to meet him." She whispered softly, giving him a hug. "Why would I move out?" "Melinda from my school. Her brother went to live with his Daddy because he was sick of her…" Hugo held onto her. "Hugo." Rose kissed his forehead. "I'm not leaving. You're stuck with me until September, then I've to go back to Hogwarts." Hermione watched her two kids from the door, smiling gently. Rose had such a gentle soul, just like her father did. She hoped the night would go right for them. "Are you two ready?" Rose nodded, smiling at her mother. "I am. Hugo here needs to put on fresh socks." She smirked. "Those ones smell worse than Dad's last attempt at cooking pasta." Hermione grimaced. "Nothing could smell worse than that." She said softly, bringing her son to get changed. Once Hugo was changed, the four of them disapparated to the alleyway close to the restaurant, taking the small walk to the place. Hermione couldn't believe the difference before her eyes. Unlike the afternoon, the evening seemed to have a line out the door. She walked into the restaurant with her family, approaching the waitress. "Excuse me, I believe there's a reservation for four under either the name of Granger or Weasley." The waitress scanned the bookings for the night. "Hermione Granger, two kids and two adults?" She asked softly. Hermione nodded. "That would be it." She should've known that Harry would've used her maiden name for the reservation. He was still the same after all. Once they were seated, Harry appeared from the kitchens after a minute. He was wearing a nice casual suit jacket and pants combo. He approached them, smiling at the teenager. "Hello Rose." He said softly. "It's nice to meet you." Rose stared at the man for a moment. "I-It's a pleasure to meet you too, Harry." She said nervously. It was a funny sight for Hermione and Ron. Their usually confident daughter had seemed to become tongue tied at the sight of her birth father. Harry gave her a small hug, staring at Ron. "Ronald." He said blandly. Ron looked up at him. "Hi Harry. It's um, it's good to see you." He said softly, avoiding his eyes. "Hugo, this is Harry Potter. He's an old friend of your Mum and I." Harry wanted to correct him, but the young boy was just staring at him in awe. "Hello Hugo. Would you like a colouring book and some crayons?" The young boy nodded at the man, hiding his face in Ron's shirt. Hugo had heard loads about Harry Potter. He had defeated the evil man who tried to hurt his family. His nana spoke highly of him, so he had to be a nice man. Harry called a waitress over, asking her for the things to occupy the boy. He sat down in the centre of the table. "I'd recommend the lasagna." He said to Ron. He knew his ex-friend was a huge fan of foreign cuisine. Rose took a look at his menu. "Wow, you really have a weird menu. I've never heard of half of these dishes." She said excitedly. Harry smiled at her. "I spent a year abroad, learning some classic dishes from Italy, France, Germany and Holland before coming back here and combining them with some American and British dishes." Hermione noticed one certain thing on the menu. "You do coddle?" She asked softly. Her grandmother had been a Dublin woman, and as such the dish was something she prided herself on. Coddle was a Dublin dish, almost a peasant's dish. The country's Catholic influence meant most lower class families ate the dish on a Thursday. "What's in it?" "Rashers, sausages, onion, carrot, potatoes, some pork meatballs and a little mariana sauce to give it a colour and rich taste." Harry said softly. "I stole your grandmother's recipe and tweaked it a little." He admitted. Hermione nodded, smiling weakly. Her grandmother had met Harry a couple of times once the war had ended. She had been disappointed when she had heard of their breakup. "I think I know what I'm ordering then." She whispered. Rose bit her lip. "Any good samplers?" She asked curiously. Harry nodded. "I'd recommend the World Sampler. It has a little bit of everything." He chuckled. "Though some people find it a little intimidating, since some of the dishes are unique." Rose nodded. "I'll have the World Sampler." She said softly. Ron glanced at the menu. "Shepherd's Pie with mushy peas." Hermione glanced at the kid's menu. "Chicken fingers with the homemade chips for Hugo." She watched the boy colour. Harry handed their orders to the waitress, sitting back down. "So, what house are you in?" He asked curiously. "I'm in Ravenclaw." Rose said softly, staring at her birth father. "I'm starting my sixth year in September, and I'm hoping to be made Quidditch Captain." Harry smirked to himself. "What about a Prefect?" He inquired. "Oh god no!" Rose shook