Author's Note: Back in the fall, there was a wonderful fundraiser called MoreS2SLs. I submitted a story called "Out of the Woods". While I was writing it, I realized I had a lot of back story, so I decided to cut that part out and just publish the "here and now" of that story. This chapter is the back story that I cut out. The next chapter will be the original story submitted to the fundraiser. I have part of a third chapter written, which I am still deciding if the story needs that, or if the two chapters are good enough to stand alone. I will post chapter 2 next week, let me know what you think! Thank you to ct522 as always for her exceptional beta skills and pointing out my over use and mis use of commas. And thank you to louezem for pre-reading! 5years old "Do you see that little girl there Peeta? The one with the red dress and the braids?" His father asks him with a smile. "Yeah…" he says curiously. "I was going to marry her mother." "Well why didn't you?" He can't believe anyone wouldn't want to marry his father. He is a baker after all. "She married a coal miner instead." he says with a shake of his head, and a wistful smile on his face. "Why would she marry a coal miner? That seems kind of dangerous." It seems so ludicrous to him. "Well son sometimes things just aren't meant to be." And he leans down for a quick hug before he heads back to the bakery. "I don't want to go to school daddy! Why can't I stay home and play with Prim? Why can't we go camping at the lake?" "Because, little girl, you need to learn to read and write and do math. I want you to get as smart as you can so you can go away to college and get even smarter!" "But I don't like all of these people," she says with a pout. He picks her up like she's as light as a feather. Her daddy is so strong, he always makes her feel safe. "Don't you worry. All of the big people will go home soon. Then it'll just be you kids and the teachers. It'll be ok, I promise. And your momma and Prim will be here to pick you up as soon as it's finished, ok?" "OK. I guess," she says begrudgingly, a scowl he recognizes all too well on her face. "But you can't make me like it!" "Oh little girl, I don't think I'd ever presume to make you do anything you don't want to!" he says as he puts her down, with a final chuckle and a rub on her head. "Goodbye girlie, and try to have some fun, OK?" He gives her a quick kiss on the head and heads out the door. 11 years old The alarm from the mine goes off in the middle of music class. All of the students know what it means, whether they have a parent who works in the mine or not. The teacher tries not to allow her fear to show on her face as she tries to distract the students from the noise. But as she looks around, all she can see are the terrified faces of her class. "Katniss, let's go through that verse again, please? We'll pick up right where it says, "Hang your head over", OK?" No sooner does she say this though, then they hear the secretary's voice comes across the loudspeaker: "Will the following students please come to the office, Gale Hawthorne, Rory Hawthorne, Jon Sanderson, Leevy Sanderson, Katniss Everdeen, Primrose Everdeen…" the list goes on, but Katniss only hears her name and her sister's. She knows that everyone being called has a parent that works at the coal mine. A sinking feeling fills her stomach. It isn't long before the whole school knows what has happened. There was a cave in at the mine, miners were trapped, and it didn't look hopeful. One by one, parents came to pick up their children, whether they were of mining families or not. In a small community like Panem, one tragedy affects them all. What the secretary and the administration know that the rest do not though, is that no one comes to collect the Everdeen girls. The principal, Mr. Abernathy, suggests he take them home. "No thank you sir," Katniss says as bravely as she can. "We're just right down the road. I can get Prim home fine. I'm sure Momma's waiting for us there." Both Mr. Abernathy and Katniss know that Mrs. Everdeen is not at home. They both know that she has probably rushed to the mine, not thinking about getting her girls. But neither one will say this outloud. It isn't until the next day when Peeta finds out that Mr. Everdeen was trapped in the mine. He, along with 9 other men on his shift were down there when a wall caved in on them, effectively cutting off their oxygen. Only Mr. Sanderson and Mr. Holloway survived. All of the others have perished. The town goes into a deep mourning. They haven't lost this many men in decades. It will be a year before the final investigation will be completed. Until then, it's business as usual. Except for those families who are left to deal with the grief. Thankfully the company helps pay the rent on the families' houses, otherwise many would be out on the streets before the month is up. Many think it's a way for the company to save face, to cover up for their negligence. But in the Everdeen household, no one even thinks about the rent. Katniss is too busy trying to rouse her mother and take care of her little sister. When she shows up to school the next week, Katniss keeps to herself. She's dealing with the death of her father, and a mother who only seems to stare at the walls. The schools counselling staff tries to help, but they are so overwhelmed with everything that the Everdeen girls seem to slip through the cracks. The teachers may notice that they are a bit more bedraggled, a bit dirtier, but they are at school every day, on time, and while their lunches are a bit skimpier, there are no other tell-tale signs of abuse or neglect. They chalk it up to the small family dealing with their grief. But Peeta notices. He's noticed this girl ever since they were five years old. She used to love singing in Kindergarten. Every year Katniss would sing the loudest in music class. This is the first thing Peeta notices - Katniss doesn't sing any more. It's another month before Peeta notices that Katniss is getting thinner, that her lunches are getting smaller and smaller, and a few months after that that he notices there is nothing in Katniss' lunch, that she retreats to the corner of the classroom every day at lunch time. Other's think she's just shy, but he sees that there is nothing in the lunch box, that Katniss is just pretending. The day after he figures out she's faking it, Peeta attempts to sneak into the bakery to grab a loaf of bread before his parents see him. Unfortunately, his mother catches him. His father would have given him a sad smile, but let him go. His mother, who is in charge of the books, is furious. "What are you doing?" she screams at him. "I'm just… I'm just…" he stutters, then straightens himself up. "I'm getting a loaf of bread to take to school." Most mothers would be proud of their son, that he wants to help someone. But Mrs. Mellark sees the books. She sees how their profits have taken a downturn ever since the mine explosion. In her anger, she cracks her son across the face, leaving a welt just under his eye. It's the only thing Katniss sees as he quickly shoves the loaf of bread in her backpack and runs the other way. When Katniss gets home, she finds the loaf. She knows she should be furious. How dare Peeta Mellark think he can just give them charity. He's never even talked to me. But she's too hungry to care right now. That night she and Prim feast on a hearty, grainy bread filled with nuts and fruit. The next morning, on her way to school, leftover bread in her and Prim's lunch boxes, she sees the first dandelion and she remembers. She can barely concentrate on her studies that day, she's that excited. Because she knows, at home tucked away on her mother's bookshelf, is a book of plants and herbs that has been in the family for years. Katniss has a plan, and that plan will save her family. 16 years old: Sophomore Year "C'mon Everdeen! Let's go! Daylight's wasting!" Gale calls to her over the roar of his father's old truck. As soon as he turned 16, his mother gave him the keys, and he's been doing odd jobs around town to help support the family. He and Katniss have formed an alliance of sorts, though he thinks she's hot in her own way. They are hunting buddies. Both had to grow up too soon, both had to take care of a family before they were ready. Katniss hops in the truck. "God Gale, what's your rush? We're just going to the campsite tonight. We've got plenty of time to set up." "I just don't want to spend any more time at this hell hole school then I have too, Catnip," he smiles at her. She scowls at him, which he secretly loves. Most of the time Katniss has a blank face, she's learned to hide her emotions from the world. Only those closest to her get to see her smile, and scowl. "You know I hate that, Gale. So stop it!" He just laughs at her as he puts the truck into gear, and they head out of the parking lot. Katniss doesn't see Peeta watching her from his car. But Gale does, and he shakes his head at the blonde. Peeta turns away and gets into his car. He knows he doesn't stand a chance with Katniss as long as Gale is around. Every night he prays that Gale gets that football scholarship and heads off to college far, far away. Maybe then Katniss will look at him. It will be another year before Katniss looks at most anyone again. It wasn't too long after this hunting trip that Prim was in a fatal accident. It seems to Katniss that the odds are definitely not in Katniss' favor in this lifetime. It takes her a few weeks, but she returns to school more withdrawn than before. At least this time her mother doesn't leave her too. 17/18 years old: Senior Year "I want all of you to seriously consider this," Ms. Atala tells the ecology class, while pointedly looking at Katniss. "There are colleges out there that will offer scholarships to those students whose projects they think are worthwhile." Katniss knows that if she wants to get out of this town, her only hope is an academic scholarship. Ever since her father died, her relationship with her mother has been strained. Once the authorities had learned the depths to which her mother sunk into her depression after the death of her father, they stepped in to help the little family. Katniss's Aunt Seeder came to take care of the girls while their mother received some much needed help. She has never become the woman she was before her husband died, but she was able to care for her girls. Unfortunately, Katniss was afraid to let her mother close to her again after that. It seemed as if they had made an uncomfortable truce, with Prim in the middle holding them all