Ch 1 Warm Welcoming Edward's POV "Hello, wake the fuck up, man!" Emmett said grunting as he put his luggage into the car. I blinked rapidly getting out of my daydreams and helped him fit his around Rose's five suitcases. And that was just in one car. Classes were over for us. We had finished every task right on time and we were now free to go without the worry or endangerment of summer classes. Now it was just time to head back to Forks. I had hoped to be lazy all summer with Bella and the guys, but my sister already threatened my life if I stole Bella from her. She complained she needed her to continue planning her wedding and I remembered I groaned knowing very well she would kidnap her. I already forewarned Esme and Carlisle and they just laughed knowing the demon they created nineteen years ago. They were eager to see us again and have us back in their home, especially now that we're all partnered up. We closed the trunk and Emmett patted it, releasing a breath. "Alice and Rose need their own cars just for their luggage." "I like to look good and that involves many different articles of clothing." She responded walking up from behind him with a raised eyebrow. He took her in his arms and hugged her tightly from around the waist. "You look good in everything, baby." He murmured and Jasper and I laughed at his sappiness. "Even with nothing," he winked. He had to ruin it. Jasper and I grimaced distastefully as Rosalie giggled, kissing him. "I call not taking them." I volunteered and Jasper whined. "C'mon, Edward, don't leave me with them they'll end up fucking in the back seat!" "They'll do the same thing to me!" "That's not your cousin though!" He argued. He had a point, but I still didn't want any freaky things happening while I was in the car—hell I didn't want freaky things happening in my car period! Unless it was with Bella of course, they could do whatever they wanted in any other car. Alice and Bella walked up with sunglasses on their faces. "Settle down, children." Alice said softly, dipping her sunglasses to peek at us from above them. "Tell Jasper that you're taking Em and Rose." I said at the same time he said, "Tell Edward that Emmett and Rosalie are going with you." Bella and Alice turned to each other, sighing and shaking their heads. "Really?" Alice asked and we nodded. She didn't understand. They hadn't walked in on them while they were midway undressing themselves, or heard their incredibly loud noises. Jesus Christ, it's like they yelled out of a megaphone. "Flip a quarter." Bella suggested, shrugging her thin shoulders. Jasper was already two steps ahead of them. "I call heads." He said and I glared at him. "Tails," "That is the only other choice left." He muttered sarcastically. "Shut up and flip it!" He flipped it in the air and I crossed my fingers hoping it'd land on tails so I'd win. He caught it and slapped against the back of his hand with a smirk while Alice sighed pushing her sunglasses up the bridge of her nose. "I'll go get the car ready." She murmured. Jasper freed his hand, looking down with a smirk when it suddenly faded, a look of horror spreading on his face. Yes! "They're your load!" I said beaming while he looked sullen, shocked at the results. "You guys are such children, there's no way you're twenty." Bella murmured rolling her eyes and walking in the direction of my Volvo. Hey, I liked to act like a child sometimes! Jasper sighed but invited Rose and Emmett to ride with them just like we had agreed. I got into the car feeling the brightness of the sun glare off the hood of my car in a great day. "Are you ready to go?" I asked Bella and she nodded her face light. She had been all smiles lately and I couldn't be gladder then to see her beautiful smile spread on her face at all times. I entwined our fingers together that was resting by the gear shift and brought it up to my lips, placing a small, meaningful kiss there. I pulled out of my parking spot for the past months and drove smoothly down the road, leaving Seattle behind—for now. The phone rang and it was Emmett already complaining that he was hungry and it's only been an hour into the trip. "We told you to have a heavy breakfast!" "I'm not a fan of breakfast!" he answered and I heard both Rose and Alice telling him to shut up on the other side of the phone. "Sheesh, woman hostility in this car," Bella giggled into her hand. "We'll stop by soon, Em. Just hold on." I told him hanging up and continuing to drive. We had somehow made it three hours into the travel without Emmett complaining again, I think he found something he probably stuffed in his bag to eat. We finally entered Forks, the sun shining unusually but complimenting the small town. Jasper made a swift turn going towards Rose's house and I continued straight towards Bella's. I promised I'd take her first so she could see her father. I knew she missed him a lot. When we pulled up, the door opened right on time revealing Charlie and the tanned best friend that my girlfriend kept around. Jacob and I weren't the friendliest people around, he didn't like it when Bella cried over me when we broke up and he certainly didn't like it that she went out with a man who's had sex with so many people he lost count—I don't blame him on that one. He'd heard stories but then again, who honestly didn't—at least my age. Bella's excitement couldn't be contained as she unbuckled her seatbelt and sprang from her seat, throwing my door open and sprinting out the door towards the two men. Charlie hugged her, messing her hair in their awkward relationship and Jacob took her in his arms, squeezing her. I stood behind her, shaking hands with Charlie first then nodding towards Jacob. "Edward, boy, nice to see you," Charlie patted my shoulder and Bella smiled. "It's great to see you too, Charlie." "Cullen's back!" Jacob said with one bark of a laugh and I rolled my eyes. "Yes." "Well," He looked down at Bella in his arms and smiled. "Welcome back!" They had a good friendship and that's why it didn't bother me as much as it did in the beginning that they were basically, family. "Thanks." She whispered and I jogged back down to take out her luggage for her, placing it on the front steps in front of Charlie. "Thank you." "I'm going to go greet my parents before they skin me alive." I sighed jokingly and Bella laughed. "Tell them I'll be over tomorrow first thing in the morning to greet them." I smiled. "And only to see them," She teased them and I frowned. "Yeah, yeah," I bent down and kissed her full pink lips and walked back to my car riding back to my house. The front door was open and I imagined that Alice had raced inside, forgetting the world. I walked in and heard quite girl murmurings and a male chuckle. I walked over to see Alice and Esme holding hands, gossiping away while Carlisle looked at them with humor and love in his eyes. Jasper must've gone home to see his mom after dropping off Rose and Em. "Edward!" Esme greeted running over to me and cradling my face in between her palms. I smiled like a small boy that was glad to see his mother and kissed her forehead. "How are you, mom?" "I'm great, darling. How are you? How was your trip?" She craned her neck standing on the tips of her toes to look out of the door. "Where's Bella?" I chuckled at her curiosity, patting her shoulder lightly. "I'm great mom, our trip was the usual." I shrugged. "And Bella's at home with Charlie. She told me to tell you that tomorrow she'll be here bright and early to spend time with you." My voice basically turned into a groan and Esme knew why. "Wonderful! I can't wait to hear how her trip was." "I just told you!" She waved me in dismissal ignoring me and I couldn't help but laugh. "It's a woman thing." Carlisle whispered walking closer to me and I nodded. My mom and sister could get into their own small world. Carlisle hugged me, welcoming me back home offering to help me bring my luggage up. After a long shower I dried my hair and walked down in my pajama pants—knowing I wouldn't go out tonight and would probably fall asleep early—and smelled Esme's homemade food and apple pie. My mouth watered at the aroma and I dashed into the kitchen as she placed a plate in front of Alice's twinkling face, her eyes bouncing up and down and she pointed to my place that was already set. Alice dug in, licking her lips and thanking Esme repeatedly for the deliciousness. I tried the pie first, skipping straight to dessert and moaned at the taste. Homemade fucking pie has to be the best thing I've tasted. God, did I miss my mom's cooking… The pie was gone within the next thirty seconds and Alice leaned over and wiped some apple sauce off my face. "Don't be a slob." She scolded being overly mannered as always. I rolled my eyes. I couldn't help it; I was rendered vulnerable when Esme or Bella's cooking was involved. It's like two cooking angels. My phone vibrated against the hard island top. I turned it around and saw Bella had sent me a text message. 'Hi babe, Tell your parents I said hello and that I miss them. I'm cooking for Charlie, Jake and Billy tonight. I love you. Bella' An involuntary smile spread across my lips at the 'I love you' part just because I loved hearing it—well in this case, seeing it. "He's got a message from Bella." I heard Alice's small voice bringing me back into reality. "How do you know?" She pointed to me with an expectant face. "Look at that smile. It's the goofiest thing I've ever seen on his face!" She explained but not even her comments made it go away. "Only Bella can make him smile like that." Esme sighed and leaned against the island on her elbows, a peaceful expression on her face and her eyes looking lost and dazed. "Finally," she murmured. "Aw, my big brother's a sappy mush now." Alice cooed to me like a child, pursing her lips and the whole deal. I quickly responded my answer to her and continued my meal paying no mind to my sister's continuous mocking's towards me. I gave Esme a kiss on the cheek and walked up to my room getting a phone call from Emmett. "Edward, can I come over?" His voice was strained and filled with anger and his breathing was heavy. What the hell? "What's wrong, Em?" "I need to get out of my fucking house." He sounded furious and it had to be something to truly upset him if he's leaving literally an hour after he arrived. "Of course, man. You don't even have to ask." "Thanks." He hung up. He arrived twenty minutes later, beating the usual time by ten minutes meaning he must've raced here. When I opened the door, his face was contorted into fury—his nostrils flared and his eyes solid, his mouth forming a tight line. "What the fuck, bro?" I asked. "Language!" I heard Esme scold from the kitchen where she and Alice chatted away on the last few months of college life. He huffed angrily, shutting the door and rubbed