Hey guys, its been sometime but I've decided to work on this story next. I'm trying to make it a little different than what I've done so here's to hoping that it works out. I hope the first chapter gives a certain something to interest you and see if you'll stick around. This will involve a bit or criminology and psychology. But the disclaimer is that I am no expert but I did delve into some of this when I was in high school so don't hold it against me. This is all for fun and imagination. Enjoy and see you next chapter Chapter 1 The phone's loud shrilling sound made me jump from my spot, dropping my notebook onto the floor with a loud bang. "Crap." I muttered, picking it up and dumping it on the small table as I ran to where my phone was. "Hello?" "Hey, darling." The usual voice flooded the receiver and I smiled, pushing back a lock of my hair. "Hi Caius." "What kind of cold greeting is that?" He mocked and I laughed, shaking my head as I grabbed a brush to pull through my hair. "Hi baby. Better?" "Yes." He retorted honestly. Caius was an honest person but he also had a bit of a harsh persona so it was hard for people to get along with him. After dating him for eight months, I sometimes even wonder how we started speaking in the first place. He's not one to go out of his way to speak to people first. "Are you ready?" "Just about, I'm just grabbing my stuff and I'm running out the door. A last minute package delivery back tracked me for a bit so if I leave in the next three minutes, I'll just make the seminar." "Bella, you sound like you ran a marathon." He chastised and I rolled my eyes. Here we go with the parenting skills 101 that I don't need to hear. "I've got to go, Caius. I'll call you when I get out. Bye!" Clicking the phone, I tossed it onto the side and stared at myself in the mirror. Seriously, I hate being scolded. I knew he was going to say I was hurrying too much and overexerting myself and that it was my fault for leaving things for last minute. Picking up a lip gloss from the top of the small vanity, I smeared it over my lips and picked up my hair so it was in a high ponytail. Looking into the mirror, I saw the disaster that awaited behind me making me groan. After nearly a year of moving to New York, you'd think I'd finally be able to get my life in order. Grabbing my bag, I ran out to catch the nearest train. After nearly getting trampled by New Yorkers and a whole lot of tourists, I made my way into John Jay College, smelling the new home I'd be attending for the next year or so. I finished college back in Forks, my hometown, but then I took a one year break to work before I decided to get away from the small town life and get a master's in criminal justice. I felt there was no better place than to go to a place that was specialized in criminal justice. I wanted to be a lawyer and fight for the rights of the common people as well as provide justice, but I couldn't be satisfied with just a bachelor's—I wanted a master's and really see this career pan through. They have a welcoming seminar with special speakers that the students were encouraged to attend so I decided it would be a good idea to get acquainted with the aura. The auditorium was already half-way full so all the front row seats were taken. And I thought that people didn't come to this sort of thing. Walking towards the back rows to get a seat, the awkward feeling of eyes trained on you prickled at my skin. When I settled into my seat, I saw a few chairs lined up against the back of the stage but the dominating point was the large podium located in the center. It held authority even without anyone standing behind it and speaking. I sat comfortably with a notepad and pen in my lap as I went through my phone. Within the next few minutes, the buzzing of whispering people stopped and I heard a tap from the microphone. A short man with a mustache, introduced himself and welcomed us all before delving into different topics. "Now to hear it from the mouth of someone who has been in your very spot and can guide you through with personal experience. We have a very special speaker, alumnus, Carlisle Masen." Out of protocol everyone clapped loudly, the sound resonating throughout the room. When he appeared before the podium, I nearly choked on my gum and had a heart attack. The man behind the podium was tall and broad, with amazing blonde hair that he combed out of his face. His face was pale but structured and he had gorgeous full lips that I'm sure I wasn't the only one staring at. His eyes were a light brown and they carefully scanned the area before he leaned forward and started speaking, making me drool. He was ridiculously hot and I couldn't keep my eyes off of him, but the main problem was I couldn't focus on what he was saying, all I knew was that he was talking smoothly by the way his lips moved and his face remained cool. "…So remember, your time here will test how much you truly wish to follow your career path—or as I call it, your vocation , because that's what a career should be. A vocation. It will be hard and it will make you want to cry and wish you had simply quit and stayed with your bachelor's—" He turned to look at everyone in the crowd. He didn't have to worry about me not paying attention, my eyes were glued to him. "But if you can face this and conquer it—" He pushed his finger against the podium top to emphasis his point. "Then you can conquer anything. The professors here will challenge you to your highest potential, don't try to impress them, impress yourself and push forward." His speech was so eloquent and fluid, without a single hesitation or mistake. "Overall, enjoy your studies here, I look forward to seeing each and every one of you graduate out of here." He threw a small smile, indicating the end of his speech, which made everyone clap loudly—including me. The man could have said that he wished we'd all leave this room because we were annoying and we'd all still clap. After an extra fifteen minutes, we were released and I walked back to the train station, sending Caius a message that I'd meet with him before class tomorrow. Making my way back home, I felt too tired to do anything so I showered and plopped onto my bed until the next day. "You sure are excited." Caius said cautiously as he gave me a side glance. I grinned widely and nodded happily. "Yes. I feel like it's the first day of kindergarten." "Your perception is all fucked up." He chuckled and pulled me to the side before I could go in. "Have fun studying, okay?" "Okay." I agreed immediately and he shook his head, making his near platinum blonde hair shake around him. He pressed his lips to mine and I smiled at him when I pulled away. "Bye." I waved my fingers and made my way to the first of my two classes today. Having a two hour class first thing in the morning way probably the worst thing I could've done to myself. Especially when the professor was so monotone that he had me lulling off. Introduction to Law and Legal Reasoning was obviously going to be a drag for this semester. I yawned and walked into the half-full classroom of students sitting in their seats patiently waiting for class to begin. Looking down at my phone, I noticed that I was still five minutes early, so I settled in a seat near the back and pulled out my notebook to take notes. "Welcome to Criminal Psychology class," I heard a low and raspy voice call out, diverting my attention from my phone. "I'm Professor Masen and we'll be seeing a lot of each other." My heart nearly jumped from my chest at the sound of the last name Masen. But when I looked up, I wasn't met with blonde hair and brown eyes, but rather brown hair and blue eyes. I blinked, my grip loosening on my phone as I stared in awe. He was tall, broad and muscled, even with his clothes hiding his frame. He had pale skin and sharp cheekbones and his eyes were glued to a book he held in his hands. Pulling out a pen from his messenger bag, he bit the tip of it and then looked up at us. "I'll be calling your name. George—" "Here." "Lucy." "Here." "Marcus." "Present." "Isabella." "Here." I called out and he looked over me before continuing on until he finished calling out the names on his attendance roster. "Now, this class is exactly what you think it is." He put down the book but didn't make any movement towards the table. "It's to teach you to think like a criminal. It's not enough to simply use knowledge from a book in real situations because one needs to get inside the head of an individual to understand. Instead of being at the same pace as a criminal, it's beneficial to be a step or two ahead." He stuffed one hand in his pocket and started pacing. "In your syllabus, which I have emailed to you, you will see that there is one test, one paper and a partnered case which I will assign." I heard the collective groans and I saw the corner of his lip twitch. "You don't like it? Tough shit. Withdraw and take someone easier." He turned so that he was facing us directly with a fierce glare. "Partner's will be chosen next week and it will be due before the end of the semester. Now—" He continued, putting a finger to his lip. "You will need a pen and notebook from my class as well as a well-developed mind. We will be studying different serial killers throughout this course and discussing traits as to what makes someone a sociopath or a serial killer." He cleared his throat. "Feel free to watch Law and Order . In fact, I encourage it. See if your mind can follow along and trace the pattern of each killer. Some other shows I also recommend are Criminal Minds and Lie to Me. " A hand rose up and he immediately jutted his finger towards it. It was a female student sitting up front but to the right side of the room. "Are we going to be watching it in class?" He chuckled and shook his head. "Are you twelve? No. This will be up to you if you wish to watch them or not. It doesn't faze me. The grade you receive is entirely up to you so exert your potential and your grade will reflect it. Now, class dismissed." He waved his hand and we were all left staring after him momentarily. That's it? No full on lecture? "Well that was a waste of time." I muttered under my breath. I glimpsed in his direction and saw him stuffing the book into his bag and pulling out his phone. He seems like an ass. He looked really young, not even in his thirties. Making my way onto the streets, I continued over analyzing this professor. His last name's Masen. I wonder if he's related to the speaker from