Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter and would never dream of making any money off it. It all belongs solely to my idol, J.K. Rowling. Chapter One – Welcome to the Wizarding World! By Shadow of the Blue Moon May 25th, 1987 – Four Years Ago Harry Potter had grown up knowing he was strange. He could remember details of everything clearly, including the most detailed points that made him feel like that it was happening right in front of him when he remembered the memories. He had never heard of such a thing before from the topics that the Dursleys discussed or from the many newspapers and books he had secretly read, which was why he had headed to the school library first thing this morning when he got to school. The school library had been his saviour. The kind librarian, Mrs. Bird, helped him find several books on a topic that was useful to him: memory recall and that section of the brain. With those books he figured out that he had an eidetic memory, or a perfect recall, which explained why his memories were so detailed. Then, he started to find out more and more about memory recall techniques and eidetic memories. This included mind landscapes, which was where you could store memories in a safe place inside your mind so you could find them easily, and meditation, which was the method he used to sort his memories inside his brain. During the times when he was locked in his cupboard and knew he wouldn't be allowed out for ages until the Dursleys' tempers had cooled down, he meditated and sorted his memories into places in his mind landscape. This made it far easier for him at school, as Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia had constantly made it clear that they would only continue to pay his school fees if he received straight A's, unlike Dudley, who would be allowed to go to school no matter what his grades were. By now, he had managed to sort out all his memories – including many strange ones from up to when he was one and three months. He meditated every night, and this meant he didn't need so much sleep, and his memories of the day before were perfectly sorted out. The strange memories were very strange indeed. There were several of himself riding on a broomstick, which apparently could fly, as he zoomed about a small garden while his toes brushed the grass. There were some more of his mother, a beautiful woman with long red hair and almond-shaped green eyes, making things happen with a wave or twitch of a wooden stick. There were some of his father, a man that looked exactly like Harry except with hazel eyes, letting him ride on his back – except he had transformed somehow into a stag or a deer. What was going on with these memories? Either he had been violently ill during the first year or so of his life and had had hallucinations, or they had been altered somehow, OR magic existed. And he didn't like any of these options. July 24th, 1991 Harry Potter stood at the kitchen sink, washing the pots and pans he had used to cook breakfast, while watching his so-called family gorge themselves or pick at their food. Uncle Vernon and Dudley were stuffing their faces, their many chins wobbling, while bony Aunt Petunia picked at her food with a fork, only eating a few bites of her breakfast. Harry had made sure to cook too much breakfast for them so he could have more leftovers afterward. The squeaky sound of the mail could then be heard coming from the front of the house. "Get the mail, boy!" Uncle Vernon snapped at Harry, seeing that Dudley wasn't finished. Without a word, Harry went off, knowing that if he said anything he would be punished. He picked up the stack of mail and began to sort through it – Uncle Vernon demanded that junk mail go directly into the bin, newspapers and magazines go neatly into the shelf under the coffee table in the living room (it was one of those tables with a shelf under), any important mail go straight to his study and other mail come to the dining table. Today then there were quite a few things: a pile of junk mail (advertising toys, junk food and the like), a letter from Grunnings for Uncle Vernon, a copy of Vogue for Aunt Petunia, a postcard from Aunt Petunia's best friend, Yvonne Summers, a letter from Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge, and a letter for him . Harry's eyes grew wide. He never really had had any letters before, so this was his first. And this letter was also strange. This letter was made of thick paper that was different from paper. When Harry scanned through his early memories, he found it was something called "parchment". It had a seal with the crest of a place called Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, with the motto "Draco Dormiens Nunquam Titillandus", which meant "Never Tickle A Sleeping Dragon" in Latin. (Harry had learnt some basic Latin by himself when he read an English to Latin dictionary last year.) On the seal, there were four animals: a lion, a snake, an eagle and a badger. And the strange thing was, it had his address – down to the 'Cupboard Under the Stairs'. Harry stared at it for a few more seconds, before quickly tucking it away in a pocket of his oversized jeans, a hand-me-down from Dudley. Then he quickly returned to the dining room to give the Dursleys the remaining mail after it had been sorted where it should go according to Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia's orders, placing the mail by Uncle Vernon's right hand, just the way his Uncle insisted it be put. After, he quickly returned to cleaning the pots and pans, knowing that the faster he got to his cupboard, the sooner he could read it. Later that morning, after all his chores had been done, Harry returned to his cupboard to read his letter. A while ago, he had managed to fix a broken toy lamp of Dudley's, and it gave him extra light after his cupboard door had been closed and he only had a sliver of light through the tiny window to read by. It turned out to be a letter inviting him to a school called Hogwarts, the aforementioned school on the crest. There was a book list, with odd things like a cauldron, a wand and spellbooks, which all seemed like the type of thing that only appeared in books about magic. Was it possible that magic existed? When Harry saw the word "cauldron", a memory triggered inside him. It was one of those that he had classified as "Magic", which were the so-called hallucinations from when he was young. It was of a tiny door, next to a large bookshop, in London, and the sign read "The Leaky Cauldron". Other memories proved that it was the "gateway" between London and the wizarding community of Britain's largest marketplace, Diagon Alley. It was completely stocked with plenty of shops that sold things like what he read on his booklist. After he had finished going through his memories of Diagon Alley, he scanned through his memories of traveling. He found out that to get there, he first needed to catch a National Rail train before arriving at a certain stop, then switching to the Underground train. After arriving in London, he could easily walk to the Leaky Cauldron. Now, the only thing left was to convince Aunt Petunia somehow to let him go. But that hopefully wouldn't be a problem, as he could use the persuading techniques out of a book he had recently read in the library, How To Persuade People To See Your Way . But did he want to come back to the Dursleys after? No, not really. Although his so-called aunt and uncle had never beaten him or deliberately physically harmed him, they had treated him like their slave. And Dudley was the one who had beaten and abused Harry, playing a game with his gang, Harry-Hunting. It involved trying to catch Harry and when they did catch him, hitting him repeatedly. And Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon turned a blind eye to all of this. Aha! Harry thought, finally coming up with an idea. He would go to the wizarding bank, Gringotts, – which he remembered from his memories – and see if his parents or any relatives had left him any money. If there wasn't any money for him and no relatives or parents' friends to look after him, he would come back to the Dursleys and see what he could do to make his own way. If there was some money for him, he would leave the Dursleys forever. The next day was Saturday, so after Uncle Vernon had left to go to a business meeting and Dudley had gone to meet up with his gang, Harry used his persuading skills on Aunt Petunia. Some information about how that he could make her day easier if he wasn't here, and he was out. Soon he had arrived at the Leaky Cauldron. It was half-empty, with quite a lot of people wearing tatty cloaks just slumped over to the tables, drunk and asleep. In front of most of them were several bottles half-full with a liquid that looked like beer or completely empty. At the counter, the barman was wiping the counter with a cloth. "Hello there," the barman said. "My name's Tom, and I'm the barman of the Leaky Cauldron. Who are you?" "Hello, Tom," Harry said, thinking quickly. After all, it wouldn't do to be recognized, since according to one of his memories classified as "Magic" – an encounter between a woman and a man named Minerva McGonagall and Albus Dumbledore respectively in Privet Drive – then he was quite famous in the wizarding world. "I'm... James Evans. How do you get to Diagon Alley?" "Are you buying your Hogwarts supplies too?" Tom said. "Oh, that's easy. Just come to the backyard with me and I'll help you get through." He put his cloth down on the counter and strode off towards a backdoor, beckoning Harry to follow. The backdoor led into a tiny backyard, which only had a rubbish bin and was surrounded by a high brick wall. Tom pulled a long stick – called a wand, according to Harry's memories again – and tapped some bricks above the rubbish bin. The bricks opened into a gateway, from which the sounds of a busy place could be heard. Above the gateway, there was a sign saying, "Welcome to Diagon Alley". "Well, here you go," Tom said. "Bye, James. It was nice to meet you." He turned away, and Harry quickly went through the gateway lest it disappear before he was through. Diagon Alley was a fascinating place, as Harry found out just by walking down the street. There were many bustling witches and wizards, most of whom seemed to be in a great hurry, and many shops filled with things that Harry had never seen before. He could hear snippets of conversation about the prices of various things such as unicorn tail and belladonna, and could hear plenty of children begging their parents to buy them the latest broomstick. As Harry strolled down the streets, he remembered what he was here for – to see if his parents had left him any money. He headed to the bank, Gringotts, which was a large white stone building that was easily seen from many places in Diagon Alley. He calmly walked in past some creatures that he instantly knew were goblins carrying double-bladed axes, and approached the counter behind which many more goblins sat. "What do you want, wizard?" A goblin noticed him and asked. "I'm here to