Chapter 1 What does he think he's doing? Hermione tapped her foot, impatient and annoyed. They had been stuck in the cupboard of Potions classroom for the past fifteen minutes with no avail. Spells did not work. Shouting did not work. Nothing worked. The most frustrating part of the entire experience however was her companion— so to speak—who refused to even allow her to approach the cupboard door. Hermione huffed at his impertinence. His patronizing of her person. And he did it in such an unassuming polite manner that she didn't even have the courage to confront him. But perhaps being stuck with Riddle in the cupboard did have its advantages. The whole ordeal would have been even more torturous if Riddle had not used his wand to magically enlarge the small cupboard they were locked in. At least they had room to breathe in. Why on earth were they locked in the classroom? Hermione contemplated hard enough for any curses or tricks of this sentient castle that she might have read but she came up with nothing. Was it a trick of peeves? Trick —her eyes widened with realization and she found herself pushing—no, shoving —Riddle out of the way to press her hands against the cupboard's door. She missed the look of anger that passed through Riddle's eyes at her action. Before he could curse her however, her words distracted him, "I think it's one of Fred and George's gags. The effect won't wear off until a few hours." "Weasleys," Riddle murmured. Hermione noticed the practiced lack of emotion in his comment. Did it come easily or did he have to try really hard? Hermione couldn't decide. She nonverbally transfigured a set of brooms to create comfortable couches for them to sit on while they waited. Riddle gave her a look of surprise before smiling at her thankfully. She couldn't help but blush under his approving gaze. They sat in silence for a while before Hermione couldn't take it anymore. She had so many things to ask him. Riddle was a year older than her—a Prefect—and a brilliant wizard. Also a brilliant student. He had scored seven OWLS and there were all sorts of rumours around him that he had mastered the seventh year's course in his third year. And that once he had taken on a troll all by himself. Another which said that he had defeated a teacher in a duel. Hermione was not sure how true these rumours were but she had noticed how kind and helpful he was to everyone and anyone despite their age, blood status and house affinity. He was—perfect. He was even beautiful to look at. Sometimes Hermione wondered if he was real. If someone as perfect as him could really exist. "Say, Riddle," She said, leaning forward, with her elbows on her knees, "I've always wanted to ask. In Gambert's philosophy, she talks about employing runes and blood magic to create a portal which could allow one to travel back in time—" Hermione began, frantic and excited but she was cut off by Riddle who said, "Yes, but Granger, you must know that her work is strictly based in philosophy and not empirical study. Despite several attempts—," "Yes, yes, I know ," Hermione cut him eagerly, "But I was thinking what if what if it could work—I mean, we could time travel—" "A Time-Turner would achieve the same with one hundredth of effort," Riddle cut her off again, but this time with a smile. The shock and displeasure at being interrupted must have displayed on her face for Riddle softly added, "Wouldn't you agree?" " Yes ," Hermione conceded unhappily before saying, "but that wasn't the point I was making. I was saying, that if we could travel back in time—then we can travel forward. And even to other parallel worlds." Riddle who had been earlier regarding with her polite interest suffered a change in disposition. His back straightened and there was an odd coldness to his voice when he uttered the next few words. "Parallel worlds?" he murmured. "Granger, that is quite interesting. Interestingly Muggle, I would say." Hermione blushed at his comment. "Yes, I read it in a muggle book actually." "I would presume your schoolwork would keep you sufficiently busy." His words pricked though they were not said unkindly. Was he reproaching her? Hermione had expected a teacher of such conduct but she had not expected Tom Riddle to admonish her for her curiosity. Or was he rebuking her for having drawn her ideas from a Muggle author? "Do—do you not read muggle authors?" She asked, suddenly curious. Riddle—Riddle was not a pureblood name, after all. At best, he was a half-blood. But of course, blood purity did not matter to Riddle. That is what made him so well-liked in school. Unlike his horrendous Puritan housemates Riddle had always maintained a neutral position on blood purity. He had always championed equality. Hadn't he…? But even Hermione could see that her question had caused Riddle much discomfort. Because he just frowned at her, struggling to keep a smile on his face. She blushed, embarrassed at having embarrassed Tom Riddle. She hadn't meant to be nosy. "I—I'm sorry. I didn't mean to—, I think I spoke too fast," she sputtered nervously, "But I really wanted to know your thoughts on time-travel and if it was possible… which is why I asked at all." "That's alright, Granger," Riddle smiled at her warmly. Hermione felt instantly better. "I find it charming that you are so absorbed by your academic pursuits." Hermione could not help blush at his compliment, though it did not escape her notice that he had avoided her question. "Well, I'm nothing like—like you. I'm still wonderstruck at this world. It's so different and new. Moving portraits and photographs and ghosts ! Even this castle is alive. It's—everything has life. Artificial intelligence could become something entirely revolutionary if mixed with magic, I—I was thinking. It would be so—much more magical." She couldn't help but smile, her mouth spreading wide enough for her teeth to show. "Aren't you fascinated still?" "I am afraid I cannot relate. The familiar does not fascinate. It must be enchanting though, your experience," Riddle smiled at her before going back to his book. She did not miss the alienating emphasis on the word ' your' . But isn't it yours too? This experience? She wanted to ask but she did not. Maybe Riddle was half-blood and brought up in magical world. But there were rumours that he was a muggleborn. But then, there were also rumours that he was a pureblood and already betrothed to Daphne Greengrass. And Pansy had told her that that was false information. Hermione wanted to so badly know about his upbringing but found it impolite so was quiet. She sneaked a glance at Riddle. She had always found him impossible to imitate. She had looked up to him since she had come to know about him. How was he always perfect? How did he know so much and where did he know it from? If there was one thing Hermione Granger wanted very much, it was a bibliography compiled by Tom Riddle. She wanted to know everything he knew and much more, much, much more. "Riddle, I want you to help me with this research—as a partner, of course," she said after a while. Riddle looked up at her, surprised. "While that seems tempting Granger, I'm afraid I must decline—," "I am a good student. And great at research. I think we will do well together," Hermione said quickly. She did not want to be rejected. She did not. She really thought there was something to this. They could work on it together and they could win— "I could stay on as a mentor." "A mentor?" Hermione frowned. "No, I'm not looking for guidance. I'm looking for a partner . An equal," she said levelly. A mentor ? Did he think she needed his patronizing advice on research? He was also a student after all. Only a student. "I don't want a mentor," Hermione asserted again. "Well then, I'm afraid I must decline, Granger." Hermione opened her mouth to argue again but Riddle cut her off with a firm, "and I would appreciate if you left the matter alone." "Alright," Hermione conceded. For now , she thought. "Thank you, I appreciate it," Riddle said, before returning to his book. It was another half hour of silence before the door opened on its own and the two parted ways—Hermione grudgingly and Tom Riddle very, very annoyed. "Ginny, has someone ever told you you're barking mad," Hermione said, taking out what her friend had requested of her from the pocket of her robes. A copy of Wily Witch that Hermione had managed to ask Pansy to get her. The latter had raised her eyebrows and smirked at the demand—not to mention the incessant questions she had subjected Hermione too. The teasing too had yet to stop. "Has anyone ever told you you're a darling?" Ginny grinned, sliding the copy underneath her robes, glancing around the Great Hall which was sparsely populated with students at this early hour for breakfast. "What is it for ?" Hermione asked, adding some milk in her tea and offering to do the same for Ginny when the latter shook her head but smiled gratefully. "Luna's birthday present," she shrugged. "Apart from the proper present we brought her, I thought this ought to spice things up." Hermione could not help but burst into a giggle when she imagined the dreamy witch's reaction towards the magazine. "You're mad," Hermione bumped her shoulder to Ginny's, "a genius—but mad ." Ginny only grinned. "We'll give it to her when we celebrate her birthday tonight in the common room when everyone's asleep," Ginny said buttering her scone. "Do you mind meeting me earlier and helping me with my Potions homework? Snape's class is proving to be more difficult than I had predicted and I just cannot wrap my head around some concepts." "Alright, sure," Hermione nodded, taking a sip of her tea and feeling the chamomile calm her nerves almost immediately. "I had a lot of trouble last year too. I'm terrible at Potions—though I hate to admit," she grumbled into her tea earning a laugh from her friend. "You're not ," Ginny argued though she knew it was not entirely true. She remembered how much Hermione had struggled last year with Potions. Though she was good with theory, it was practical application that had got her in a fix. Ginny's denial earned her a pointed look from her friend. "Nevertheless, how does seven do for you? I've got Quidditch practice till then," Ginny took a bite of her scone. "Or is that too late for you?" "Seems fine to me," Hermione said but immediately exclaimed, "oh no, I can't," she gave her friend an apologetic look. "I've—I've got some work to do Ginny. Is it alright if we work on it tomorrow?" Ginny was going to ask her what work it was but she only shrugged, "sure." Hermione gave her a grateful smile and quickly unfolded the newspaper on the table and began a pretence of busily perusing it lest Ginny ask her any questions. She was to meet Pansy at 7 today and did not wish to lie to her friend. She was happy when Ginny seemed more involved in her breakfast than being inquisitive. The two ate the rest of the breakfast in silence until more of their friends started filing in and chatter began to swell in the Great Hall. Harry and Ron soon followed suit, one after another, squeezing themselves next to her. Their faces still bore traces of sleep and Hermione noticed Ron looked especially sleep deprived. "Ron you look awful," she said pushing a tray of food towards him, at which he shot her a grateful smile. "Didn't get enough sleep?" Before he could reply