Perfect Valentines Oneshot A/N: I just thought this would be a fun, and semi-happy one-shot to write on the lead up to Valentines day. I hope you guys enjoy it and if you want to know more about Althea and Travis, I have three stories about them :) Disclaimer: ... Then: Sixteen year old Travis Stoll couldn't help but flash a smile at himself as he glanced at the mirror, eying his newly gelled hair. He looked good, if he could say so himself. It was going to his and Katie's first Valentine's together and he was determined to make it the most memorable one ever. He had been dating the daughter of Demeter for the past six months and it was pretty obvious to everyone around that they were falling pretty quickly in love with each other. Neither of them had actually uttered the three words to each other, but you could just…tell. "It's gonna be dark out soon Trav," his younger brother pointed out as Travis continued to stare at himself, trying to perfect his hair. The elder Stoll shrugged his shoulders as if to say 'so.' "It means she's barely going to see your hair," Connor couldn't hide the cheekiness in his tone as he watched his brother get ready for his little Valentines rendezvous. He didn't doubt that his brother was extremely flirtatious and was able to do and say the right things to make a girl swoon. But romantic…well that was a completely different story. Travis was still the same old clown he was before, but at the same time, he was different. The elder Stoll was more serious and mature, and it kind of weirded Connor out. Connor was kind of confused about the pairing, and couldn't quite understand it, alongside pretty much the rest of Camp Half Blood. Travis and Katie were about as different as they could possibly be, but in some really strange way – they worked. Even though they fought about the stupidest things all the time, and at least once a week you would hear Katie screech Travis' name because of another prank, they managed to work things out. Both of them were very stubborn and Connor was half surprised to see that they hadn't strangled each other yet. Travis was about to retort some smart-arse reply when there was a knock on the Hermes cabin. He straightened up, knowing whose the sharp rap belonged to. Even though they had been dating a while, Travis couldn't help but feel his heart rate quicken at the thought of seeing his girlfriend. It was all a pretty new feeling to the son of Hermes. Sure, he'd had plenty of girlfriends (a few more than he could probably count, mind you.) But they were never serious and it was usually just so he could muck around, but this…this was different. And it both terrified and excited Travis at the same time. He had never known what it was like to be thinking about someone all the time, and wanting to be around them all the time. It didn't matter what they were doing, whether they were on a date or training newbies, but Travis was always in a good mood if a certain daughter of Demeter was around. Katie stepped into the cabin, trying not to be grossed out by the gigantic laundry pile in the corner of the room. Travis hadn't exactly told her what they were going to be doing, and the dark haired girl didn't really know what to expect. That was thing when you were dating Travis Stoll, he was always full of surprises. One of the downsides of that, was that she never really knew how to dress for any date. She cringed inwardly as she remembered wearing a new skirt she had borrowed from one of her half-sisters, only to find out that her and Travis were going to be going rock climbing. In the rain. Tonight, she settled for something comfortable, but more formal than just her usual denim shorts and t-shirt. And she hated to admit it, but it had taken her forever to get ready. She was one of the few older Demeter girls that actually had a girlfriend, so once her half-sisters had found out that she was going to be going out that night, they'd pounced. She was dressed in a pair of skinny black jeans that hugged her legs and paired it with a floral peplum shaped top. Katie wore a simple gold chain and her hair was falling loose across her shoulders. Katie wasn't the kind of girl who usually cared about what she looked, but with Travis, well it was different. It wasn't because she felt a need to impress him, but she just wanted to look nice for the guy. "Hey Trav," she greeted her boyfriend with a kiss on the cheek as he pulled her into a hug. Holy Hades, he smells amazing, she thought as he pulled away. He was looking as gorgeous as ever, clad in brown chinos and a simple blue and white striped polo. "Let me take a photo of you two lovebirds," Connor cooed as he stepped into Katie's view. Katie and Connor never quite got along, but they managed to stay civil for the elder Stoll's sake. Travis furrowed his brow and wasn't sure whether his brother was actually being serious or not. But when he pulled out one of their half-sister's polaroid camera, Travis pulled Katie to his side and flashed his best grin. Katie smiled at the camera as she put her arm around Travis' waist. As the photo rolled out of the bottom of the camera, Connor nodded his head with satisfaction. He shook the polaroid and the trio made small talk as they waited for the photo to show in its clarity. The photo was blurry, but it was a good one. Connor had taken the photo a little too early, so instead of Travis' grin being aimed at camera, it was staring down at Katie. Connor took a look and pretended to gag, handing the photo to his brother. Travis simply smiled, tucking the photo away in his pocket. "Hey beautiful, are you ready for our little adventure?" Travis smiled down at Katie and before she had a chance to respond, they were already out the door. Now: Althea knew that she was supposed to be sleeping, but somehow she couldn't shut her eyes long enough to actually fall asleep. Slowly, she climbed out of bed and crept out of her room, careful not to make too much noise. The little eight year old had no idea what time it was, but she figured that it was late, judging by the fact that the corridor lights were already off. Whenever she couldn't sleep, she always found herself gravitating towards her father's small bedroom – so that's exactly where she went. However, when she got there, the dark haired little girl immediately realised something wasn't right as she noticed the door was shut. Travis never shut his door at night, just in case something was to happen to Althea or she needed him in the middle of the night. Althea frowned, wondering whether she should enter. Thinking for a moment, she decided to go ahead and open up the door. What she saw surprised her. Travis was sitting on the middle of the floor, with pictures strewn around him in a circle. He was holding one photo in particular and Althea couldn't help but notice the tears that were streaming down his face. The whole scene felt awfully peculiar to the young girl, who had never seen her big and strong daddy cry. It kind of scared her to see her dad look so...sad and so vulnerable. Startled by the sound of the door opening, Travis' head snapped up and he felt as if he was a deer in the headlights. He was quick to react to his daughter coming into his room, pulling his arm across his face to wipe away the tears as he stood up, trying to compose himself. For a moment, he felt his face go red as he felt ashamed by being caught in such a state by his daughter. He had always tried to be strong for his daughter, especially when it came to sensitive matters, like a certain daughter of Demeter. "Are you okay daddy?" Althea toddled over to her father as he scooped her up into his arms. She placed her arms around his neck and wrapped her legs around his torso as he settled onto the edge of the bed. For the most part, Travis did his best to avoid talking about Katie. Not only did it upset his daughter, it also took a massive toll on himself. Talking about Katie always left him in the foulest and darkest of moods, which was fair enough considering the situation. But he always did his best to hid those sorts of feelings from his daughter. Before he could say anything, he saw Althea glance down at the carpet to see a polaroid photo of himself and Katie, from all those years ago. Travis inwardly sighed, knowing he had some explaining to do. Then: "Trav, where are you taking me?" Katie asked as she tripped over another branch, annoyed that she was blindfolded. The son of Hermes knew very well that Katie absolutely hated surprises, so guess what their Valentines date was? A surprise. Typical , thought Katie sullenly as she felt a slight breeze against her back. On the other hand, Travis was practically shaking with excitement. This moment had been weeks in the making and as he led his girlfriend to the spot, he couldn't help but grin. Oh he'd done good. Carefully, he untied the shirt that was covering Katie's eyes and swept his arms across the little clearing they were in, looking very proud with himself. It took a few seconds for Katie's eyes to adjust to the dim light, and she was about to ask Travis exactly where the Hades they were when she realised. A few minutes into the bush, there was an old abandoned cabin that hadn't been used in decades. Tonight, however, it was nothing like she had remembered it. Travis had cleared up all the scrub that was in the surrounding area and there was a wooden ladder leaning to one side of the little cabin. The roof of the cabin was laid down with straw and Katie could see that there was something on top of it, although she couldn't quite see what it was. Grinning, Travis pointed at the ladder, beckoning Katie to go up. The daughter of Demeter couldn't help but smile back as she made her way to the cabin and did as she was told. As she reached the top, she let out a breath she didn't even realise that she was holding. She was absolutely astounded. Travis had planned a little picnic on the top of the roof, but because of the way the house and surrounding trees were placed, you could clearly see the full moon. Travis knew that there was nothing more that Katie loved than the sight of the moon. The young teen felt her insides melt as a wave of love for her incredibly amazing boyfriend rippled through her. She crawled over to the other side of the roof, surprised at how sturdy it felt as she heard Travis shuffle next to her. "So do you like it?" Travis couldn't surpress a grin as he put his arm across Katie's shoulders. Her reaction was priceless, and by the look of awe that was still on her face, Travis knew that she loved it. It was a perfect night, he thought as he looked up and silently thanked the gods for the warm and dry weather. "Are you kidding me? I love it," Katie replied, placing a kiss on Travis' lips. Even