How did he get here? Harry asked himself mournfully. What could possibly have led to this? "Here" being an alley around the side of The White Griffin, tucked away in a little hamlet of Blantyre, Scotland. "This" being a twenty-three year old Auror who had been awarded his first Order of Merlin First Class before he even joined the force, wringing his hands behind the restaurant like some nervous teenager. "This, right here" being, somehow, a blind date with the bloke his friends had insisted was perfect for him. He was pathetic. He hadn't known what to say, how to tell them he wasn't interested. He knew what he wanted. Who he wanted. They knew who he wanted. And, damn it, he was working on it. Okay, so he'd been working on it for going on five years. He couldn't help it that the prat was so oblivious. Never let it be said that Draco Malfoy was an easy man. He was proud. He had a bad habit of retreating behind sarcasm and snark when he felt vulnerable. Not to mention, he was still a pointy git and, at times, bloody infuriating. But, he was also intelligent and determined. He'd lifted himself out of the hole his family had dug, proving himself step after step. He'd even become an Unspeakable, alongside Hermione, after gradation. He and Harry worked on cases together, sometimes. On those occasions, Harry could see the attention and skill he applied to everything, that determination again. Yet, he still managed to throw playful barbs around and laugh indulgently at Harry's attempts at flirting. He was funny, surprisingly, though Harry had learned that years ago, and interesting; they got together after work, frequently, sitting in the Leaky with more wine than was strictly wise, talking for hours about everything and nothing. Draco's voice, smooth and cultured, washing over Harry, riveting him to the spot. On top of all of it, he was infuriatingly beautiful! They way his eyes went wide and bright when he started on a topic he was fascinated by, the shifting grey lightening to silver. His hair, always unique and noticeable, now hung halfway to his shoulders and almost never contained any kind of styling product. Generally, he pulled it into a tail, high on the back of his head, wisps flying around his face as they were pulled from the loose knot. Occasionally, though, it fell free, draping to cover half his face in a silken curtain as he ducked his head, chuckling. Then, because he was a fucking sadist, he'd tilt his head, baring the lovely line of his neck, push the hair back from his face with long, pale fingers and scratch them across his scalp in an effort to coerce submission from the long trained follicles. Harry dreamed of leaning close, latching his mouth on the corded muscle there and plunging his hands into that hair. Frequently, vividly. How could he go on a date with a complete stranger when everything he wanted existed somewhere else? Harry let his body sag against the rough brick of the restaurant, scolding himself for his cowardice, and let the memories come. The first time it happened, Harry barely thought about it. Maybe, subconsciously, he felt that it was time to move on, move forward. Maybe he was tired of fighting with Malfoy. Maybe he just wanted to see what would happen. Whatever the case may be, the decision had been made and the deed, done. One chilly morning in late October, when their eyes met across the Hall, Harry smiled. He felt the urge to smile, so he did. And then he laughed. Malfoy's sharp face betrayed his surprise; his eyes widened and his brow furrowed in a little crinkle of confusion. And it was glorious! Harry would have given anything to shock the prat like that, in previous years. Who knew all he needed to do was be nice? So, a week later, he tried it again. Would he be as surprised the second time? Only one way to find out. Taking a deep breath, Harry lifted his gaze, let it wander over the students and across the hall until it landed on the pointy face topped with startlingly pale hair. Malfoy was just sitting down with his friends, those who had opted to return for Eighth Year. Any moment now… almost… Yes! There it is! The moment grey eyes met his, Harry smiled again. Malfoy didn't looked shocked, though. He looked… Constipated. He seemed to struggle with his expression for a moment before a small smile broke through. Quickly, he ducked his head, his cheeks pink, but it was too late. Electricity tingled across Harry's skin at the sight and he felt his grin widen in triumph. That was definitely better than shock. Heaving a sigh, Draco twisted the stem of the wine glass sitting before him and glanced back up at the entrance of The White Griffin. Another glance, this time to the large clock hanging above the fireplace on the opposite wall, told him that his date was fast approaching a quarter hour late. He couldn't be arsed to care. Gods, why did he even bother coming? It's not like he wanted to waste his Friday night on some stranger when he could be sitting in a pub with Harry. With Harry and a glass of horrendous swill posing as wine. Pansy, however, had insisted. "Come on, Draco." And "Why not, Draco?" And "He's an idiot and he doesn't deserve you, Draco." Even an "Are you going to moon over Potter forever, Draco?" just for kicks. Fuck, but her voice was annoying, especially after two weeks of the incessant noise. Unfortunately, she wasn't wrong. It no longer helped to insist he wasn't mooning over Harry. He quite clearly was. Of course, Harry was as blind as he'd ever been. No matter what Draco said, he laughed as if it was one of his jokes. It certainly didn't help Draco that he found that absurdly endearing. Still, five years. Five years. How slow could one man be? Except, he wasn't slow in any other capacity. He was climbing the ranks in the MLE, as could be reasonably expected given his, ah, exceptional resumé. Sure, he was still a mess, but he matched Draco's stride well enough, both on the job and intellectually. After the first few conversations, he had shed his disbelief and settled into the pleasantly warm sensation of simply enjoying the man's company. Even so, what was Draco supposed to do when Harry leaned close to whisper dirty jokes in his ear? When he stretched his legs out under the table and his ankle brushed Draco's? When he didn't move it, just threw an arm over Weasley's chair beside him, and winked lazily at him? When he scraped his chair closer to Draco's to make room for Thomas, Finnigan, and Ginevra when they joined the table? Sometimes, he'd bend double to grasp the legs of Draco's chair, pulling him closer instead, momentarily pushing his wild tangle of dark hair under Draco's nose. He smelled bloody amazing. On more than one occasion, Draco had been forced to excuse himself in order to steady his breathing and calm his overzealous libido. The things that man did to him. Merlin, the things he'd like to do to that man… The worst of it, by far, was his laughter. Harry's laughter was magical. It rushed through Draco as if it was his own and dragged a helpless response from him in its wake. It was an innocent, infectious joy, shocking considering the things he'd found to inspire it. For all the childlike wonder lacing his lopsided grins, Harry had a wicked and downright lascivious sense of humor. And, yet, he kept asking for it, pleading for it. Ever since the first time he'd made Harry laugh, Draco had made it his mission to cause that sound again. He could still remember how it started… Holy fuck, Potter kept smiling at him. Draco didn't know what to do. It had been going on for several weeks but was never as good as that first time. Sure, he'd been laughing at Draco, but it hadn't been mocking or mean. Just… Beautiful… His head thrown back, lips stretching wide in a sound of such pure delight that Draco could do nothing but stare. He quickly decided that he wanted to see it again, to hear it again. It didn't matter, apparently, that they hated each other - well , that Potter hated him - he'd already tried to fight it and failed. So, he decided he'd make the most of it and put forth an actual effort to make Potter laugh. With that goal in mind, he was ready the next time Potter caught his attention. Potter lifted his head, met Draco's eyes, and smiled, bright and easy, like he'd been doing it his whole life. Draco screwed his eyes closed, wrinkled his nose, and did something he doubted a Malfoy had ever done in public to that date: He stuck out his tongue. By the time he opened his eyes again, Potter had his arms wrapped around his middle, leaning back in his chair in a helpless fit of laughter. Draco couldn't suppress his own triumphant smile. That giddy satisfaction hadn't faded by the next morning so, when Potter caught his eye, his face scrunched and lips twisted into an exaggerated grimace, letting his tongue loll out the side of his mouth, Draco didn't even think. Instead, he drew his shoulders back and plastered a look of mock surprise on his face, one hand flying to his chest in a parody of scandalised shock. He couldn't hold it for long, though, before the expression dissolved into laughter, quickly answered by Potter's. Pleased, Draco lifted one hand to his face and, sticking his thumb to his nose, wiggled his fingers in a cheeky wave. His stomach flipped pleasantly and Draco ignored it. If this ridiculously public display was any indication, not to mention the whispers it inspired, he was fucked. Before he knew it, Harry was anxiously awaiting meals. He found himself rushing to the Great Hall for breakfast earlier than ever before, tapping his fingers impatiently ten minutes before class broke for lunch, and staring unseeing at his textbook or assignment when he studied with Ron and Hermione in the library before dinner. "Come on, let's go! We're going to be late!" "He'll still make a face at you if you're a little late, Harry," Hermione sighed, but she snapped her book closed and gathered her supplies, all the same. It did happened, once, that he walked into the Great Hall late, one such evening. His eyes instantly sought out the pale head as he made his way to the Gryffindor table. Malfoy was already eating, his shoulders hunched and his face a mask of boredom. He looked up at Harry, though, and smiled a little at the face he pulled. He gave a half-hearted sneer, lowered his head, and went back to his dinner. Harry frowned. That wasn't how this game worked… Sure, they never spoke about it, or at all really, but there were clearly rules. Maybe he'd had a bad day… But that wasn't something Harry could help with, no matter how much he wanted to. Which was apparently quite a bit. Still, Harry wanted his face, damn it. Er… Shaking off the poorly phrased thought, Harry tilted back in his seat, cupped his hands around his mouth, ignoring the odd looks from his friends, and shouted. "Aw, come on Malfoy, you can do better than that!" The Hall stilled and Malfoy's head shot up, cheeks pink and mouth pulled down in a frown. Harry gulped. Maybe he should have thought that through a bit, first. He wasn't sure what he could do about it now. He considered throwing out an apology and returning to his own meal but, before he could,