"Useless boy! Once again Percy Jackson has taken all the glory. And what did you do? You decided saving that bloody nymphs' life was better than the big win, Nico. Bianca would never had let that happen. I hope you're glad," Hades sneered at his son. Nico was kneeling in front of Hades throne wincing at the wound he had gotten during the apparently fruitless battle. Persephone watched from the throne right beside her husband's with a pleased smirk. Nico winced internally while listening to his fathers' rant, never had he felt so small (Considering he was since gods were HUGE). Whenever his father had brought up Bianca he felt less inferior than he normally did. Once again Nico was being berated by his father for letting Percy save the day, again. A cyclops had wandered into the area near camp and didn't seem to be a good mood. Flashback The cyclops groaned and let out a ferocious roar as it attacked the mess hall. Percy, Clarisse and Annabeth continued to attack it as it lumbered around. Nico grabbed his sword and went to help when he noticed a Naiad right in the way of the giant beast. She didn't seem to notice since she was watching to make sure the other campers were out of harm's way. Nico ran to her just as the beast got to her and shoved her out of the way along with his body but he didn't completely miss the swipe. The cyclops was able to get a good skim at his ribs and he winced but didn't let it show any more than that. The Nymph looked at him surprised and gave him a happy smile. " Thank you Nico, son of Hades, for saving my life," she chirped and Nico just nodded and stood up hearing cheering. The beast was nothing more than dust in the air and everyone had gathered around the three saviours. But they were more focused on Nico. They walked up to him and helped him up. " Nico man, you saved her. Great job," Percy says. And the others agree. Nico nodded and smiled. However the big accomplishment of the day went to them and when news reached Hades he wasn't very happy. Flashback over Hades had always been a little upset with Nico. He could never be as brave as his daughter or as great as Percy Jackson and today just proved that. Nico was the odd one out and he wasn't fit to be a demigod according to his father. Nico was looking down upset and disappointed. "Nico. I don't understand. Why can't you be the hero? All you ever do is disappoint me. That's all you have ever done and all you could ever do," he stated angrily. Nico looked up at his dad hurt, feeling his unbandaged ribs raw out at the sudden movement. He didn't have time to stich them up. Was that really all he felt towards his son, disappointment? But all he could see in his father's cobalt eyes showed loathsome, frustration and even annoyance. What about when he had summoned the army of death to help fight for camp Half-blood or when he was able to find Bianca. Did he not feel a sliver of pride to have him as his son? "You know dear, what can you expect from him, he's never going to live up to Jackson. He's just too weak and he obviously takes after his mother too much. The woman couldn't even create a proper son," Persephone sneers. Oh no, his dad will never stand for an insult against his mother. But that part about him had stung. "Perhaps you're right," Hades murmured making Nico's jaw drop open. He shakily stood up ignoring his bleeding ribs. Thank Zeus that he was wearing a black shirt and a black jacket so it wasn't noticeable. Never had his father ever let anyone remotely bad mouth his mother. The measly eleven-year-old bravely looked at Persephone that was looking all smug. "Y-you can insult me all you want. But don't bring my mom into this," he then turned to Hades who looked at him emotionlessly, "And I'm sorry. For never being good enough for you and for never being able to please you. But I'm mostly sorry for… f-for not being the one that died i-instead of Bianca. For that I'm really sorry." Hades looked at him surprised. "I know that I'm not the son you wanted and I never can be. I know that I'm a screw up and a disappointment," Nico finished before shadowing his way out of the Underworld, leaving Hades in a state of shock. He had made his son feel like he was better off dead and he could feel the slight sting of guilt. "Relax love he's just being overly melodramatic. He'll be over it," Persephone cooed. Hades nodded and pushed the guilt away. Perhaps she was right. … Hades landed in his cabin at camp feeling breathless, cold (it was near the end of fall), hungry (he had skipped lunch and dinner) and above all useless. He look outside of his window at everyone sitting around enjoying dinner. Not even noticing that he was missing. Probably not even caring. No one cared for him. The only people that did were dead. For the first time in a while he felt some tears running down his face. And for the first time ever he didn't let them stop. His own father hated him. He was never happy with him. He couldn't please him and that hurt. He wanted to stop the pain. He glanced at the dagger that he had received from Chiron. Maybe… He picked up the dagger and placed it over his wrist. Thalia used to do it and it seemed to make her feel better. One cut for his mother. She was amazing and he missed her like crazy. One for his sister. He was sorry for knowing she died and not being able to do anything about it. For being a poor version of her. One for his friends. For never being as advanced as them and for almost killing them. And the rest for his father. For never being able to live to his expectations and for being useless. He was sorry for being nothing more than a loathsome disappointment. Each cut became harder and harder. The blood practically gushing out of his wrist and he almost smiled a sick twisted smile if the pain wasn't too much. He felt lightheaded. The blood loss was now making him sleepy. Am I going to die? He wondered. Maybe it was for the best, he wouldn't be a burden to his dad anymore. Maybe he could make him happy from the other side. He would have pondered on it but all had already gone black. He feel to the ground hitting his head kind of harshly, the dagger slipped out of his hand. A certain nymph was on her way to thank Nico once again for saving her and she heard the thump. She knocked on the door but it wasn't opening. She didn't see him at dinner so where else could he be? "Nico. I brought you a gift, please open up," The Naiad pleaded. She was now impatient. Water nymphs were not known for their patience or lack of curiosity. She opened the door revealing the pale Nico with blood gushing from his wrist and the dagger beside him. "Nico!" She screamed, running to his side, dropping her gift. Percy, Grover and Annabeth heard the commotion and ran to the cabin. Chiron also heard and trotted over as well. "Erwiana what…" Chiron began before he saw for himself what had happened. He ran over to Nico and picked him up. Percy and Annabeth watched worriedly while Grover tried to keep back the masses huddling around the cabin back. Chiron ran him to the Big House. Placing him down, Annabeth ran over and checked his pulse. "He's losing way too much! We need to bandage these up fast!" she said panicking. Percy grabbed the bandages while Annabeth started to apply pressure to the wound. Even Dionysus had put his hate for the kids aside to grab some nectar and ambrosia for Nico, trying to get him to swallow. It seemed to help because he let out a light groan letting them know that he wasn't too close to death. But the only thing on everybody's mind was why. Why would he do this to himself? Erwiana had taken off his jacket to cool him down after Dionysus finished feeding him. She noticed the slight crumbling of blood on it. She gasped and Chiron lifted his shirt revealing 3 purple gashes. "Oh no. That cyclops…" he mumbled. Annabeth looked at him for an explanation. "He had venom in his claws. And he probably scratched Nico. Thank Zeus that it didn't go deeper than it already did or he could've died even faster," Chiron said trying to figure out what to do. But Erwiana was already on work for that, she waved her hands over the wounds. They immediately started to lose their purple tinge. Water Nymphs had the power to extract venom and Erwiana couldn't have been happier for her powers until now. Within the next hour the wounds had been bandaged and the ambrosia and nectar were starting to take effect. Erwiana refused to leave his side. But then she realized that there was one person that should be informed of this and she wanted to deliver it because she knew that if it wasn't for Nico, she would be the one with the venom, maybe worse. She couldn't extract it from herself so who could have? She would have died. She bravely flashed herself to the underworld. Right outside of the throne room. The guards sneered at her, unhappy that such a source of life had dared make its way into the lair of death. Nymphs usually didn't come to the Underworld so it made Erwiana unsettled. She walked into the throne room and bowed before the lord of Death. Hades looked at her expectantly. Persephone did also. "Lord Hades of the Underworld," she greeted, looking up. Hades gestured for her to rise. "What brings a Nymph to the world of death?" he asked coldly. The exact symbol of life in the underworld was uncommon. "Lord Hades, you're son, Nico, is in a critical condition. He…" she began before Hades rose startling her. Hades cool front confused her. "What is it that happened to him, Nymph," he demanded almost in a bored tone. Erwiana expected more emotion from a parent who found out that his son was hurt terribly. But Erwiana didn't know what his cold father was thinking. Probably wasn't able to keep up with training. Probably lost to Percy…again. He thought. Erwiana told him the story. From how he saved her. "…and it must have triggered his senses. He began to cut himself. Quite deep. He tried to kill himself and he collapsed from combination of venom and blood loss and perhaps a concussion as well, but he is stable now. We got to him before he slipped. However, I was wondering that you could tell me why he did it? After all, you are his father," she ended. She expected an answer and when she didn't receive it she looked up at Hades who looked like he just committed a murder. I'm mostly sorry for… for not being the one that died instead of Bianca. That sentence ran through his mind. Hades did think that Nico would actually try to kill himself. Nico had always been strong, sarcastic and caring. He didn't cry when Hades had neglected his birthday, he didn't yell when he found out that Hades was prouder of Percy than his own son and he didn't mope whenever Hades insulted Nico. His head was always held high and Hades kind of admired