The Solitarian [New Game] [Continue] [Options] [Credits] [Downloadable Content] [Quit] Are you sure you want to start a new game? All unsaved progress will be lost YES/NO Yes Loading… Press [start] Adventurer. You have returned? The tales of the great hunter; the god king… No? You are not interested? Oh well, time for another story. Now hush, and close the blinds, for this story is not for the bright. Beware once more, this tale is not for the pure. It is for the sick. You still want to know? Very well. As the billions of years took its toll on the grand reincarnation of the universe, so did the beings. You have known, about the god-king, about the Wolf among sheep, and the abomination. How they all faded into myths and memories. Truly, no being can escape death. Not even the god king, who surpassed his creators and took hold of the ever-expanding multiverse lived. Not even the one who tied his own soul to the heart of reality itself. Lords fall and rise, the never-ending cycle. In the end, we are all slaves to existence. Now, as you know, all tales start at humble beginnings. This is a world of never-ending possibilities, the great spirits of light and dark, a microcosm of the universe. Great heroes and evils rotate the world, none ever gaining the upper hand. Civilizations rise and fall, some becoming more advanced than thought possible. Great men defeat armies with a single sword. Servants of pestilence consume whole continents. Battles rage on for eons. In midst of chaos, the chose one came to be. One not destined by fate to greatness, but chosen for his appetite for adventure. Our tale starts at the ruins of a dead civilization that once became gods themselves… The dark sky lit once again, storm gods delivering justice of their own. Moments later, at exactly the 18th strike, the rain gods spread their disease, raindrops littering the forestry with their nectar. A dark-haired boy, bare chested, knelt on one knee, chained by his hands to small pillars of moss and beige stone. His head was bowed, as if paying respects to the dead. Other than the lack of clothing than the rags known as pants, he was rather fine. He stirred, result of the raindrops that rolled from his round ear to his eye. Strange… he was not used to this feeling, to this sensation. It wasn't long before he realized his lack of knowledge on his location and name. Name: The boy blinked in confusion, focusing on the bight yellow text burnt into his eyes. He spat out the rainwater in his mouth, which was mixed with some strange black liquid. The rain continued its assault, showering his entire body with water. He tried moving. Yes, of course, moving. How could he have not thought of this before? But the chains were tight, and it felt like the two columns were placed specifically to stretch his thin and skinny arms. His vibrant sea-green eyes rotated rapidly, bright yellow images and text swimming about on them like fishes. Now earning a hunger for freedom, he started trying to wriggle free of the black chains. It did no good. He gritted his teeth in pain after being in one position for so long. Grrrr… His head shot up once more in alarm, as if experienced in doing so. The beast stood on fours, with midnight black and leathery pelt. Its face, and dear gods its face, it had no face. Only a long mouth of at least a stave's length, adorned with foot-long teeth, which made it look more like two moving hairbrushes. The tail and other appendages were no exception in the amount of contributions to fear factor. Fresh saliva dripped freely as it approached the trembling boy. Without warning, it pounced, the impact breaking the chains. Shrieks of pure agony bounced around the mountains. GSoA studios Presents The creature bit into the boy's shoulder, causing fresh blood ooze and the boy's Acromioclavicular joint to reduce into monster food. Based on the award-winning series by Rick Riordian The ripping and tearing of flesh could be heard from miles, though noticed only by startled birds. The boy's right arm was missing, and the appendage was swiftly thrown into the air, then caught by the animal in its jaws. Inspired by nutsofthechest's Percy Jackson: The Dark Gamer His throat ran dry, unable to express his pain when the creature bit into his abdomen, spilling his guts over the deserted mountain. The Solitarian Name: I exploded into consciousness, reality returning to me. A dream! A boy devoured by the hound. Not my preference of fate. It sure would be terrifying, if I was in such situation as well! I tried to move my body, when the tell-tale rattling of chains broke me into full awareness. I was chained by my hands. Not to mention, also on one knee. Good gods, they hurt! It was not long before I realized, that I was in the exact same position as the boy. Fear and dread sprayed my heart. Would I suffer the same fate? What was I here for? Who am I? Where am I? I don't have a name. My brain tried to look for answers, but… What did brain mean? A click alerted me to an important discovery. Percy Jackson . Was this my name? Screw it, then, let's go with it. Percy Jackson, how about that? My eyes shifted around my surroundings. True to my thoughts, I was in the same position. Beige stone and moss . That was what I knelt on. If I can remember properly, moss is a type of plant, right? Now, the sun gave it life, weeds and grass around me stood from their slumber. Name: Percy Jackson I nearly jumped with enough force to break the black chains. Bright yellow text, on my eyes. Just like from the dream! Was this perhaps a system everyone had to get their personal information? [Setup] initiating… Ding! New Quest: Humble Beginnings Objective: break free of your chains! Reward: Freedom Failure: Rot to death, or get eaten… Your pick! YES/NO Freedom? Well, I was locked up here by someone else, right? I face palmed at my ability to organize priorities. I stared in amazement at the display of text. According to my limited and strange memory, a quest was a trip of some sort to accomplish something. This "quest" perfectly stated what I wanted: freedom. Failure, must be if I stayed here, and it didn't look too bright for me. Despite the strange way the quest was given (I remember it was given by others!), I decided to accept. A problem presented itself to me. I couldn't reach the "yes" button, which was like, probably the way you accepted it. Yes? Surprisingly, the text folded away, disappearing into a single line. [Quest Accepted!]. Delightful! Looks like it reads your thoughts! One point for ease of access! My cheery mood stopped, as I tried to break free. Key word: tried. A weak body couldn't do any good against reinforced metal. What's that again? Looking around then for other solutions, while enjoying the fresh air, I looked below me. There it lay. The key (intended) to my success! Tugging the chains again reminded me that they were too short. I got off my feet and leaned forward, looking forward to tucking it under my chin or my mouth. SQUAK! I looked up. A large bird, an eagle to be precise, stood there, shoulders pressed back and confident. I looked at it confusedly. It can't be… It lunged at the spot beneath my right eye. That spot felt… wet? Despite my struggles, it picked up the key victoriously, hopping away and flying. Are you kidding me? As it flapped away, I could see its grip had loosened, by the way its claws changed shape. Then came the greatest moment in my life. The key went free-falling, accepting gravity's invitation. My short moment of victory ended when the bird landed beside it, looking curiously at me. Did it know I was trapped? Is he going to be an asshole again? Use [Observe] by focusing on the object! Deciding to follow the instructions given by the text, I pushed away my hate for the animal and squinted my eyes at the eagle. [Animal] Name: Lauren Ravian Level: 15 Age: 9 Race: White-bellied Eagle, Aquila Albillia Info: Lauren Raven is a white-bellied Eagle, and the wife of Ezrah Raven. She is devoted to helping her family of four survive. She is currently looking for decorations for her nest and food for her newborn. So this ability allows me to look at other people's data? Privacy is dead! I looked in a bit of sympathy at Lauren, just a bit . I still hope she can give me the key. Not knowing what to do, I- "Hey! Yeah, you! Ummmm, you mind if I get that key back? I'm kinda trapped here, so.. I got a family myself, too! You have a family, and so do I. You know how we have to help family? You can help my family by doing this!" I knelt there awkwardly, pointing at the key, hoping it would listen. Well, it's the only way, right? Funny enough, I didn't believe myself a single bit on what I just said. I didn't feel any connection to any person. No memories of other people. SQUAK! It stared into my soul. SQUAK! It picked up the key, hopped up the hill, and put down the key. I was too surprised to give thanks, and picked up the key immediately, fearing for worse. With the dirty thing in my mouth, I looked at my left handcuff. There, fitted barely on the thin layer was the keyhole. With strained efforts, I reached towards it, stretching my neck. Click The handcuff immediately came loose and split into two, spilling a lot of dust in the process. Now, that pillar would bind me no more. Working on instinct, I unlocked my other hand, also sending dust flying everywhere. They lay on the dirt, dead as any inanimate object. I turned my head back towards the tense eagle. It lowered its head to the key in my hand. [Item]: Zumalian Prison Key, Kyord Hills (Quest Item) Memories of a civilization that once stood as the greatest throughout the land. Used to unlock most of the handcuffs and doors on Kyord Hills. Age: ? Sell Price: 50 Copper – 10 Gold That confirmed my thoughts about me being in a prison. Although, think about it, a prison on the top of a small mountain? Sounds like sacrificial shit to me. The symbols carved on to the tiny pillar didn't look too bright either; one of them depicted the beheading of some guy in the same "prison" as me. SQUAK! It looked at the key in expectance. I considered giving it back, but the item info said that it unlocked every door in this hill. Meaning that I might still have some use for it. "Why don't you come along? I will still need it! If we use this… We can find more decorations for your nest!" It paused, as if considering my words. For a bird, this one was pretty smart. Or my luck was just too good. It nodded its head in happiness and agreement, hopping on a tree branch beside me. SQUAK! Well, it couldn't speak, that was for sure. You have gained a new companion: Lauren! +10% understanding with companion +10 Reputation with companion You have gained a new skill: Companions! Companions Lvl 1(0/100) (Novice) The practice of keeping a pet/friend to help you in a variety of different jobs. The higher the level, the better the bonuses. New companions gain +10% understanding and reputation. Companions: Lauren: Lvl 15(47/1500) Age: 9 Race: White-bellied Eagle, Aquila Albillia Info: Lauren Raven is a white-bellied Eagle, the wife of Ezrah Raven,