*W.I.P* A little polyjuice potion never hurt anybody… Right? What happens when Blaise and Theo create a secret society of well connected witches and wizards? The formation of the elite goes far beyond blood status and money. A cocktail of underworld proceedings and debauchery can only equate to a club misguided by power and lust. The sanctity of the club complicates reality with fantasy. Divinity's hooks in the Deity run deep, but at what cost? For some, the polyjuice brothel is what dreams are made of. For other's it's a nightmare. What happens in Divinity—is supposed to stay in Divinity. When matters of the heart are concerned, that's not always the case. JK Rowling owns. The plot is mine. Here we are again! This is based on a O/s rewrite from my Bittersweet collection, with an added suggestion submitted to me by my dear friend Autumn Lily. She begged me for a polyjuice brothel fic, so fuck. Here it is. I hope I deliver. As always, if you enjoy it I'd love to know. It keeps my muse flowing ;) This is an A/U which can mean the possibility of OOC. Multiple pairings will happen. Sexually explicit content. Drug use. Dramione is endgame! No slut-shaming my characters, thanks! Much love to my beta: Mr Benzedrine GiTG x Cormac is admiring the view of her fine arse while he fucks her from behind. Her peach has those cute little dimples on her cheeks, and the way she arches her back to accentuate her curves makes his dick so hard, he thinks he's going to explode after three thrusts. "Fuck, yes princess!" he puffs as he glides in and out of her pussy. He watches their reflection in the mirror, grinning at the sight before him. Her wild curls are swept to her left shoulder, but they have a mind of their own, so he grabs hold of as much hair as he can, yanking back her head so she arches more. "You are...oh-ah...a fine specimen, Granger, you know that?" moans Cormac breathlessly. The girl before him groans through the tie he's using as a gag. He is hungry for her in ways that can never be satisfied. His fist unclenches her hair, and he uses his hands to push her forward while continuing to grind against her. His hands reach around to fondle her delicate feel of their skin is like ecstasy, and he finds himself coming after what feels like only a few minutes of fucking her. His burst is short and sweet, leaving him puffed and well spent. Call him a selfish lover, but when you're pounding a girl like that, the old saying "ladies first" goes out the window. Cormac is impatient and far from controlled in the bedroom department. Once he was on his way, that was that, and he didn't really give a fuck about being a gentleman. It's not like she can complain anyway. The transaction is about his needs, not hers, and that is the beauty of poly brothel at Divinity. The girl before him rolls onto her back as her hair begins to change from untamed curls to straight blonde locks. It isn't long before her body shape and facial features twist and contort to reveal the naturally beautiful Daphne Greengrass. "Alright love, that's your cue...parties over," says Cormac with a smirk. He taps the side of her thigh as he hastily chucks a robe at her. He hates when the effects of the juice wears off and he can't bare to face reality. He magically removes her gag, cringing as he does. "As always, my terms are absolute." Daphne bows her head slightly, knowing the drill. Cormac summons his wand, flashing a pearly grin and a not-so-subtle wink. "You're always a decent fuck Daph. Obliviate." Draco paces back and forth in front of his lavish fireplace, his fingers clasped firmly around an empty glass. He's been pacing for so long the ice cubes have melted, and the dregs of his firewhiskey looks like watered-down apple juice. He didn't sign up for this shit. Marriage. Unfortunately, in pureblood society, many families pick and choose from birth and have solid contracts developed with the coming of age, so, like everything else in his life so far, he lacked the choice and was forced in holy matrimony to Astoria Greengrass. Draco understands perfectly well what is expected of him as a pure blooded husband. He isn't struggling with that. But there are things he won't stand for...things he absolutely refuses. Astoria is a nightmare on legs and he now appreciates the need to live a happy life. He needs out of this union; no longer giving a fuck about bloodlines and purity. Slamming his glass down on the ledge above the fireplace the glass shatters. Draco glances at the time and he's already late. Fuck. He hastily enters the fireplace using the floo to get to Nott Manor. Draco arrives, stepping into Theo's drawing room. Both Theo and Blaise are chugging the remainder of their drinks. Theo gives Draco a curious turn of his head before reprimanding his tardiness. "Nice of you to finally join us, Draco. Luckily Zabini and I own the club, so it doesn't matter that we're late." Draco gives a curt nod to Blaise and returns to acknowledge Theo with a sneer. "Fuck off, Nott. If you married a Greengrass, you'd be fucking late, too." Theo's lips curl into a wicked smile, "I was going to be a smartass, but I have to agree with you on that." He proceeds, "Anyway—enough of that. You want a night off. We are here to help." I need more than a night off, thinks Draco. Theo and Blaise share a look between each other that Draco hasn't seen before, and it's clear they are up to something. Before he can question their motives, they drag him into the floo and are arriving in the office of the club, " Divinity ." With this being the first time Draco's attended their club, and not knowing much about it, he can't help but ask questions. "So, tell me—what makes your Gentlemen's club better than the rest?" Blaise sneers, but with no hint of malice. It's sly and mischievous—the type of look he gives when he's confessing a dirty little secret. Draco admits to himself he's intrigued. Blaise is the first the answer. " Divinity isn't exactly what one would call a gentlemen's club," he explains casually. Theo smirks and adds, "It's a secret society of well-connected witches and wizards." Draco raises his brows with interest and motions them to carry on. Blaise continues. "All members are a 'Deity.'" There are pretty much no rules. However, all deities sign a blood oath—what happens in Divinity stays in Divinity . Basically, we collectively run the underworld through our club. Obviously, that means some unsavoury characters may be seen here from time to time... We're strict on the few rules we have." Theo interjects, "Membership is by invitation. And we only accept the elite. This goes far beyond blood status and money. We're talking connections here," says Theo as he sweeps his hand through his dark locks before explaining further. "The oath protects the sanctity of the club and also acts as a sort of gag order. Meaning that you could very well see the Minister of Magic partaking in the club's activities, but you're forbidden to discuss it outside these walls. Blaise strides across the office, halting in a small sitting area. He motions for Draco and Theo to join him. Draco follows suite and accedes to the comfort of a luxurious deep-green leather chaise. As if disregarding years of friendship, Blaise addresses Draco with a sense of formality reserved for business transactions. His mannerisms are demanding, so Draco gives his undivided attention. "So basically, you want to divorce Astoria without the chaos, correct?" He tilts his head looking to Draco for confirmation of his assumption. Draco acknowledges the truth, nodding with an inch of annoyance at how apparent his failing marriage is to everyone. Blaise is unsympathetic; he displays nothing but calm and collected, and it reminds Draco of what it's like to be in the company of wizards he can actually trust. Blaise summons three glasses full of ice and pours each of them a scotch. Who would have thought the three of them would be sitting down to enjoy a muggle beverage? Times are truly changing. Blaise sips his drink and continues to converse. "Handle your business with one of our deities. We have access to the best lawyers. I highly recommend Granger." "Granger!?" repeats Draco at his shocking suggestion. Theo starts using wild hand movements; it's obvious he's spent far too much time with Blaise. "She's the best as far as we're concerned. Granger solely defends, protects, and represents the club. Her deity clientele list alone is rather extensive already. She works wonders at breaking magical contracts," he explains. "Before we can continue, you need to take the oath." Draco understands that what they have here is unique, so he accepts their terms. "Very well then." "Oh and Draco," interjects Blaise, "Disagreements amongst the Deity do not exist. All outside problems are left at the door. Any altercations with a fellow deity in the club risk torture and loss of admission. As well as several other things—mainly to do with one's status and connections. We run deep here, and we have a lot of power at our disposal." The statement sparks Draco's interest because he feels Blaise is directing it at him with reason. As Theo shuffles forward to explain, the realisation is apparent. "We mean this, Draco. If you see Potter, there's no conflict within these walls. Don't put us in the position where we have to intervene with your 'standing.' We're working on a disclaimer for the poly brothel." Draco's eyebrows are raised in surprised. "Poly Brothel. Are you saying what I think you're saying?" "Yes," respond Theo and Blaise in unison. Draco nods in agreement, secretly shocked at the latest revelation. Moreso, he's impressed by the support of these two, and it leaves so many questions unanswered. Blaise stands to smooth out his robes with his hands. "So, for obvious legalities, Granger must be present during your initiation. If you wish to converse with her about personal matters, I highly suggest ordering her an apple martini and joining her for a beverage before discussing business. Makes things a bit more pleasant, given your history." Draco responds a little sharply, but he knows they understand this is a big change. He accepts the advice, and replies, "noted." Blaise and Theo nod at each other before Blaise announces, "Right. Let's get to proceedings then." Blaise disapparated and reappears with Hermione linked on his arm seconds later. Draco is pleasantly surprised. She is a smouldering vision in a glittering slinky black dress and strappy stilettos. Beauty has really become her. Her lips look luscious and plump, like a delectable strawberry, tinted in a seductive shade of red. She looks a little nervous, biting her bottom lip at the sight of him. Draco can't help but think of how he would like to nibble on her lips. Her hair is a wave of soft luscious curls swept over her shoulder - exposing her alabaster neck. His mouth waters at the sight of her bare skin. Surprisingly, she approaches him, snapping out of her brief lack of confidence, greeting him with a warm welcoming smile. "Evening, Malfoy." It's something she's never given him before. She's soinviting. Hermione dips her head to nod courteously, and he's impressed by her manners. Hermione speaks with the type of confidence he hasn't seen in a witch and it enlightens him. He already understands why Blaise and Theo have grown to trust her. His mind fills with more questions. Who invited her to Divinity? Has either of them been tempted to mix business with pleasure? Do they attend the poly brothel?