A/N: This piece was written for BeyondTheBookNook's Canon Fix Fest. Prompt: The Longbottom's were tortured, but not to the point of complete insanity. When the instability of his home life hinders his overall Hogwarts experience, will he find the newfound confidence to defeat Nagini in the end? Summary: The Longbottoms disgraced the Order by divulging its precious secrets to Death Eaters in exchange for their santy. In wake of their excruciating torture, Neville's Hogwarts experience is tainted by his parents misgivings. Deeply shamed, he struggles to "find himself' in the Wizarding World; that is, until a young lady captures his heart and gives him the confidence he needs to believe in himself. Oh, the fire one can spit with a little self-belief! Gifted to: DreamingOfStars85! You deserve all the appreciation in the world for the extra grammar + beta love. Thank you so much! X Sandra-Sempra for submitting the prompt! X JK Rowling owns. The plot is mine. The prompt belongs to Sandra-Sempra! The quote below belongs to the wonderful JK Rowling, and I have used it in this story. No copyright infringement is intended. " It matters not what someone is born , but what they grow to be ." " Crucio! " muttered Bellatrix through evil cackles. Alice Longbottom quivered in pain as the violent energy of the curse flowed through her. Every ounce of her body was on fire. " Crucio! " The young Auror's mind began to blur as waves of Bella's rage flowed through her. Memories of her innocent son flashed before her eyes. She felt her heartbeat weakening, her focus was blurred, mind dizzy with visions fluctuating between the past and present. She wasn't sure if this was death coming to take her, or if she was losing her mind. Either way, she feared it. She feared for her son, and for her husband's life - feared what would happen to her if she did indeed survive. Could she live a life of insanity? Could she live with the fact that they had chosen to leave their son in order to protect Dumbledore's secrets? If she had been asked this before, sure she would have declared her support for the Order and promised to give up everything for the cause. Now that it was happening, she wasn't certain this was what she had signed up for. Alice's eyes levelled with her husband's as her fear mounted. Could he see what she was trying to tell him? Was he feeling the same? Did he understand at all? Frank Longbottom feared for his wife as his own torture continued. He was currently receiving the brunt of curses from Rodolphus and Rabastan Lestrange and Bartemius Crouch, Jr. His eyes met with his wife's and he saw unparalleled fear. Fear and heartbreak and pain. He felt helpless and pathetic, that he, a man from the House of Gryffindor, a courageous Auror, a Longbottom - was unable to stop this. His family was about to be torn apart, destroyed by curses, and for what - a noble sacrifice for a Wizard who was nowhere to be seen and not able to help? The thought made his anger rise in a blaze of fury. The Order was supposed to be a team, a support system. Yet, here they were, 'taking one for the team', and the team in question had failed them. The Order had failed his family, and if he and his wife were to truly escape the madness, he could only do one thing. He had to surrender. "Give me a turn, Barty. You've had your fun, stand down!" demands Rodolphus. "You're dreaming, Roddy. I'm having way too much fun! Take what you can get of him before he's twisted. They're no fun once they're crazy….minds go to mush, they do," Crouch, Jr. exclaimed with a twisted smirk. Bellatrix could be heard humming psychotically in the background as their torture continued. The weight of his woes mounted with the pressure. Frank had been holding on for dear life, but his wife was fading fast. He thought of their son, Neville - he was just a baby. An innocent little baby who needed his parents. What good would they be to him to live life unrecognisable, all of their precious memories destroyed? It couldn't happen. He refused. He believed in the Order; he trusted Dumbledore. Still, he had to question if Dumbledore would have been so heartless as to condemn his wife, his son, and himself to die, or live with incomplete minds. He used every ounce of his bravery to do what he needed to do for his family. "Stop! Not my wife! We have a son, please. I-I'll tell you anything, anything you want, if you make an Unbreakable Vow that no more harm will come to us, or my son. I'll do it." Bellatrix immediately stopped torturing Alice. Frank's request had piqued her interest. "Well, well, well. Mr. Longbottom knows how to play. Rodolphus, surrender your arm." "What? Why me?" "Because you are my husband, and you'll do what I say, that's why." "Bu-" "Do it, or I'll make you, Husband," she threatened. Bellatrix's tone chilled Rodolphus to the bone. He wasn't one to mess with his wife. He could take on anyone else - no big deal. But her, well, he had to live with her. Grudgingly, he submitted to her demand. Rodolphus raised his arm, letting a dramatic huff escaped his lips. Frank, however, was not in good shape, and was unable to stand to participate in the Vow. Bellatrix commanded Rabastan and Crouch, Jr. to pick him up and hold him in place long enough to perform the Unbreakable Vow. Once the deed was complete, Frank spilled all of the Order's secrets. They were left to return to their home, and no harm could come to them or their son. They would be protected by the Unbreakable Vow for as long as Rodolphus lived. Neville's time at Hogwarts had been far from exciting. While most children spent their school years trying to live up to the expectations of their parents, he had spent the past seven years trying to prove that he was better than his parents; that he was a noble and chivalrous Gryffindor, that he truly belonged in his house. He'd been haunted by his parents past, every year finding himself judged for the decisions they had made the night they spilled important Order secrets to save themselves. He often wondered it if was terrible of him to wish that they had been tortured to insanity or killed - so that things turned out differently. The other students had constantly accused him of being sorted into Gryffindor by default, not because he belonged there. He loved his parents. He loved his house. Unfortunately, pride in both his family and his house was something he lacked as the years went on. All he'd felt was inadequate. All he wanted to do was disappear. That was, until his fifth year when he found himself in a secret organisation led by Harry Potter: "Dumbledore's Army." It was there that he found his place and formed true friendships, and he started to find confidence within himself. It was then that he took an unexpected fancy to a pretty, inquisitive Ravenclaw. Dumbledore's Army was his outlet; his chance to prove that he was trustworthy, and capable of being brave, capable of sacrifice, and able to be a loyal friend. The value of true friendship and pride was what he'd worked to developed those years, so he could feel better about himself. His goal was to reinvent his family name, and restore the dishonour they'd brought upon themselves. He wanted to start a new legacy and show everyone 'it matters not what someone is born , but what they grow to be .' On that particular day of his seventh year, the Wizarding World they once knew no longer existed. Since the death of Dumbledore and the resurrection of Voldemort, the school had been overrun with Death Eaters, run namely by the one who killed their headmaster, Severus Snape. It was Snape that now stood in his place as Headmaster. His lackeys, Alecto and Amycus Carrow, assisted in classes, but mainly enjoyed punishing students. Neville had been leading the resistance since Harry, Ron, and Hermione went on the run, and doing his best to protect students, standing up for those with no voice. How was he to know that his friendship with another member of the D.A. with the intense, curiously puzzling, dirty-haired blonde, Luna Lovegood, was going to develop into strong feelings of admiration and lust. He had no way of knowing that she would be the one to make him see that he was worthy of being a Gryffindor, giving him the motivation he needed to see through even the most dangerous of tasks. It was a crazy idea to break into Snape's office in an attempt to steal the Sword of Gryffindor; one that led him to many regrets. This particular afternoon, Snape was away on official Death Eater business. The plan was flawed, but they hadn't a choice, they had to seize the day. It had been Ginny's idea to steal the Sword of Gryffindor, and Luna insisted on helping. As the three of them had sort of become the leaders of the rebellion in the Golden Trio's absence, he refused to let the two witches go it alone. After convincing them to let him help, they snuck through Hogwarts to the Gargoyle guarding the Headmaster's office. The password wasn't hard to figure out, "cockroach clusters" were Snape's favourite. The door opened and they edged forward with a sense of urgency. In their haste they stumbled, bumping into one another, Neville collided with Luna causing him to then trod on Ginny. "Ouch, Neville you stepped on my foot!" she shouted, as she hopped on one foot, grabbing the other injured one with both hands. "Sorry Ginny! I-I didn't mean too - this staircase is tiny. Quickly, we have to get in and get out of here." They reached the top of the stairs, entered the Headmaster's office, and located the sword almost immediately. They weren't, however, prepared for the fireplace to ignite and for Snape to stumble out of the floo, catching them. "What do you think you are doing here?" drawled Snape through gritted teeth. His face was full of arrogance at the intrusion. They knew it. He knew it. They were in deep shit. The momentary silence of the room was interrupted by the portrait of Phineas Nigellus Black. "Oh my, Severus, look at the disobedient students you have here. They'll need a decent punishment for this. Breaking into the Headmaster's office and trying to steal the Sword of Gryffindor. Aren't they the friends of the half-blood traitor, Potter?" "Enough!" shouted Snape, and with a flick of his wrist, the black curtain snapped shut over the portrait. "You'll have to do better than that, Severus. I can still hear you," retorted Phineus mockingly. " Silencio ," demanded Snape. Now, I won't ask again. What were you doing attempting to steal the Sword of Gryffindor? Planning on taking it to Potter, were you? Know where he's hiding, eh? I'd think very carefully about how you chose to answer my questions." "No , sir. I swear we don't know where he is, or any of them for that matter." Pleaded Neville. "I find that hard to believe considering Weasley's sister is here with you. Something you're not telling me Miss Weasley?" "I've nothing to say, Professor." "Don't lie to me." "I'm not lying, sir. In fact, you know more than my family do on their whereabouts." "That's unfortunate. I happen to know the Carrow's have a little detention session going on in a classroom on the fifth floor. I'll escort you there immediately, you can receive punishment for your indiscretions. No talking is required." "But sir, it was my idea. Ginny and Luna