No copyright infringement intended by using the title "The Kill Order." (I came up with the whole plot line to this without knowing it's the title of an actual book 'The Kill Order' in the Mazerunner series by James Dashner. I don't wish to change the name because the name itself is centered around my entire plot, just declaring I'm not stealing it.) JK Rowling owns. The plot is mine. A/N : Welcome to the beginning of the end ;) Firstly, this story is centered around dark themes. Triggers include, but are not limited to: Multiple deaths, war, possible rape and torture, violence, foul language and smut. Ron-bashing is possible. This is a Voldemort wins au! "Alternative universe" can mean some characters may or may not come across as OOC. If this squicks you out and you don't like that, I suggest you press that little x button at the top of the screen instead of trolling me about it. This is my only warning for triggering content, unless I add more, because I feel that it ruins the story by giving constant warnings each chapter. I'll be adding more characters. I'm at the mercy of my muse so I don't always know where she's going to take me. What I write sometimes surprises me as much as it does you. If you are familiar with my works you'll know I enjoy thinking outside the box, in fact, a lot of my content is original. Anything written in this story that isn't canon is most likely made up by me unless I've stated otherwise, in which, I will always touch base with another writer if something unique of theirs has inspired me, and it will be noted in said chapter. This is a Dramione fic, however, if you don't like Romione you should avoid it because it exists in my fic. I do not wish to have any of my original elements recreated in any way without my permission. If I've inspired you and you'd like to talk to me about it, you can contact me on FB Gryff_inthegame or via Tumblr gryff-in-the-game. If any of the above material is triggering to you, then please avoid reading. I apologise for the long A/N but it was necessary. I'd like to give special thanks to one of my lovely Beta's "Sandra-Sempra" for beta-ing this for me and pushing me to become the best I can be. You're amazing! Without further adew, all aboard the GiTG express to a destination unknown. If you like my story I would love to know and the best way to do that is to leave a review (if you find it worthy) or come say hello (as stated above) on my FB or Tumblr ;) GiTG X Hermione gripped the side of her stomach where muscles spasm in her diaphragm. The stabbing pain below her rib cage was so intense she wasn't sure if she lacked fitness, or had simply overexerted herself trying to get back to their hideout in shock of her discovery. She had been gathering intel in Diagon Alley when the title of the Daily Prophet caught her eye. Proclamation . Minister for Magic Decree No.1 Dolores Jane Umbridge hereby declares "An Order to Kill." The Kill Order is effective immediately, in which, all witches and wizards are required to help purge the community of dirty blood. This includes, but is not limited to: muggleborns and half-breeds. If in doubt, please contact the head of "Muggleborn and Half-breed Affairs Office" as headed by Rabastan Lestrange. All deaths must be accounted for — viable proof is needed. One-hundred galleons will be funded, per-body, as a reward for your help towards purifying the community. In an act of good faith, if you require hunting gear, you may collect it from the Hunting for Sport Commissions Office as headed by Marcus Flint. All will be subject to raids in order to provide proof of heritage and be subject to undergoing questioning under Veritaserum. Further methods may be used and will not be opposed by order of the Minister for Magic. Anyone who refuses, flees or hides fugitives, shall be held in contempt until either a trial is arranged or death be made imminent by order of the Wizengamot or higher. Your cooperation in this matter is of the utmost importance — Dolores Jane Umbridge, Minister for Magic Hermione clutches the Prophet with a grip so tight the pages ripple, scrunching under the force of it. She's squeezing so firmly her knuckles are white and the fist she's formed around it gives her the urge to punch anything, everything or anyone within reach that dares to speak to her. Yeah, they don't know yet, but she needs time to process it. Time to formulate a plan to figure out what to do next or how to put a stop to this. At first, their only problem was Voldemort winning the war. Now that he's appointed Umbridge as Minister for Magic, well... Shit's just become a whole lot more complicated — especially for her. Walking through the disillusionment charm hiding their camp, Hermione storms directly past the welcoming, crackling campfire - ignoring the roaring laughter exploding from her friends surrounding it. It bothers her they can have these airy, untroubled moments, acting like this is how things are supposed to be. What pisses her off even more is how they credulously disregard the reality of the truth without a single care while she suffers, carrying the weight of the past and future responsibilities on her shoulders like a second skin. Hermione suppresses a shiver at the thought while her hands slide up her arms, fingers curling over her elbows, working to warm the chills running through her soul. She resents her friends and her body betrays her mind because she should know better. Is this what she's really become? An uptight war heroine incapable of having fun? Hermione scrunches her face in disgust while she mentally scolds herself for being jealous of her peers social skills and coping abilities. They were clearly far more advanced than her own, or they've just gotten better at hiding their woes. Veering straight into the tent she shares with Ginny, she's grateful to have their accommodation to herself for the moment. Although serenity won't last long, considering she just waltzed right past everyone without so much as a hello , clinging to a newspaper with a murderous glint in her eyes. Hermione kicks off her shoes, flicking her wand to seal the tent from anyone wanting to enter. They never respect her need for reflection, so there's no doubt she won't be alone with her thoughts long - no matter how destructive they are - getting the peace and quiet to brew such ideas is impossible. Not destructive towards her, no. Destructive towards Voldemort for winning the fucking war and appointing Umbridge the fucking Minister. Destructive of the fact she knows what this means of her little freedom. As if she doesn't already feel leashed and sheltered, now she's going to have to fight her friends just to go on missions. Hermione is not the kind of girl to sit around waiting for her friends to be killed. She wants to be there alongside her friends, fighting for their freedom. If her friends are going to die, she wants to die trying to save them. She wants to be scarred like her friends are - as stupid as it sounds - so their friendships are bound by more than mere distant memories and fragments of a derailed past. Each unique friendship will be deeply ingrained; their battles and triumphs at the core of it all. She may be jealous of their carefree approach to life and resent them for that fact, but one thing for certain is she will do anything for her friends. Going against the grain of a stereotypical Gryffindor, she'll even kill to keep them safe. That is, if they live to see the future. Judging by the announcement in the Daily Prophet sprawled open in front of her, with that witch smirking mercilessly, a satisfied gleam in her eyes, the world they once knew has become a whole lot more dangerous and sick. Hermione is about to explode out of frustration. Staring at the heading of the new declaration, darting between the article to the face of her ex Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher and back, causes her face to burn with rage as she combs the fine print, using her fingers as a guide to read it. Grunting loudly in exasperation before picking up the newspaper and throwing it to the floor, its pages separate, drifting in different directions around the "lounge room" of her tent. "Hermione," says Ron through the fabric of the tent door. "Go away," shouts Hermione forcefully, not in the mood to give him the emotional support he's so desperate for. "Come on, just let me in. Talk to me about whatever it is that's got you all stroppy." There is desperation in his tone. The last thing he wants is to be pushed further away from her when he's trying so hard to give her what he thinks she wants. What he doesn't realize is, he fails to see what she needs. "I'm not stroppy , Ronald. I just need some time to think in peace and quiet. Is that too much to ask for?" Ron resists, refusing to be pushed away again. "I won't go away until you let me in." "You'll have to eat eventually," shes states point blank. "Come on, Mione, I'm supposed to be your boyfriend. Let me in!" He doesn't want to start an argument, and if he's honest with himself he's terrified of losing her… He just wants her to include him and trust him more. Hermione huffs in exasperation. She wasn't aware of the time they became a couple, but they'd been sleeping together since they lost the war. Somewhere in between the fallout, they became an item without making it official . Perhaps it's a coping mechanism: they both needed someone, or something, and used each other to fill the void. No. She had cared in the past but things have changed. She doesn't doubt what he feels for her is genuine, despite her being so hard to love. If she's honest with herself, the last thing she wants to entertain is falling in love and maintaining a relationship. All they are trying to do is survive, and Hermione's priority is finding a way to destroy Voldemort and keep her friends safe. She values this more than her own self-preservation. Why would she feel worthy of giving love when she struggles with the notion of taking it. Hermione waves her wand gratingly, allowing him to enter the tent. She can't stand his grovelling. He walks in nervously only to discover the Prophet strewn across the floor. Stumbling back, he hesitantly reaches down, snatching its pages abruptly with uncertainty. His eyes widen with horror as he scans the bold print on the front page. "Bloody Hell, you've got to be kidding me!" screeches Ron, hands shaking in anger. Hermione feels guilty for not wanting to confide in him, but she isn't in the mood to explain. Their friendship has grown sour since they started sleeping together; if it's because of him or just her she doesn't know, but regardless, she finds herself being more short with him, frustrated by him being around. Looking into his eyes, she sees her childhood crush staring back at her. In her heart she feels nothing but convenience and resentment. She doesn't blame him for anything, but she resents him for caring about her, and wanting more from her than she's ever prepared to give. Before Hermione can respond, Harry and Ginny enter the tent. Evidence of her turbulent behaviour is obvious in her silence. "Hermione, what happened out there?" asks Harry with concern. His forehead wrinkles to form