Boats Against the Current || Theomione || Post-War AU || Part I [Un-beta'd. Any and all errors are, naturally, faults of mine.] ~ Dedicated to Colubrina, the badass Slytherin anon on Tumblr ( *hearts* to both of you amazing snakes), my TumblrTwin LyndaLoyde ( *hearts* ), and one of my best friends Hope, for giving me the idea to begin with. (*all the hearts* ~ He was scrubbing a particularly vile spot of something from the bar when she walked in. Magic had the oddest of limitations sometimes, and whatever concoction had been spilled on the counter earlier in the day had long since dried by the time he'd come in for his late shift. Thankfully, he wasn't as helplessly ignorant of muggle remedies as the 'good guys' would paint him. Bar Keeper's Friend was an aptly named product; of that he was certain. He was not, however, quite sure just what Hermione Granger was doing in this grimy hovel. Alone, no less. She sat at his bar, at the very end of it, but she still purposefully chose to be served by him. Not that he was advocating for his coworkers – at all – but still, she was Hermione Granger . "Aren't you a tad too pleasant to be down here?" He asked, trying to keep his voice as friendly and commending as possible. Her smirk disarmed him, hesitant though it was. "Aren't you a tad too aristocratic for muggle cleaning solutions?" He smiled and it was as easy as it was sincere. "Never bought into that rot, love," he said, tossing the sullied cloth into the nearby bucket on the floor full of its predecessors. "Certainly an entire society can't be obsolete, lesser even, if they've managed to produce a powerful, pretty little witch like you." Her eyes narrowed slightly, playfully, and he found himself noting the various colors the firelight brought out in them. "You're trouble, Mr. Nott," she teased. "But decidedly less awful than people assumed in school." "Oh, I was a prat at Hogwarts," he assured her, still grinning. "Now, I'm no Malfoy by any stretch of the imagination, but my patience for our peers was next to nonexistent." "You always seemed happiest in Arithmancy," she said, her pretty eyes still full of mirth. "In sixth year, at least." He dimpled at her. "Perks of advanced courses, darling, you only share the class with capable people." She smirked. "Theodore Nott just called me capable. I may faint." "And you haven't even had a drink yet. I think we may have to redefine 'lightweight'," he teased. "What'll it be, love?" "Firewhiskey's fine, thank you." He discretely looked her over while he made her drink. With no school robes to hide her figure, the shallow part of his mind had a chance to appreciate how lovely she was. When they were in school, she was a fantasy he'd never allowed himself to dwell on. Between their house rivalries, his own house's various prejudices, his father, and the war, any and all ideas of possibly courting the pretty muggleborn before him had died before they'd fully formed. But now she was sitting in front of him drinking firewhiskey, flirting with him, and looking far too tempting to be safe, especially in an underground pub in Knockturn Alley. Nevermind her war heroine status. "What are you doing down here, pretty witch?" He asked her. "Shouldn't you be sprawled out on a gaudy chaise somewhere being fed grapes by your doting dolts?" She almost choked on her whiskey. "Harry and Ron, worshiping me?" she snorted. "What universe do you live in?" One where there are little veins of gold in your eyes , he thought. "I thought you and Weasley were…ah…an item?" He managed. She quirked a brow. "The stressors of war make a lot of things seem like a good idea. Including, but not limited to, dating someone with the emotional range of a teaspoon." He pressed the back of his hand to his mouth to stifle his laughter. "Ahem, condolences, I suppose?" She snorted again and mumbled something in the negative. "I do hope things ended cleanly." Just not cleanly enough to leave any hope of their relationship being rekindled, of course. He wondered if there was a muggle product for removing emotional attachments. Naturally, his curiosities were purely for her sake and not at all selfish in nature. "He abandoned us for a while when we were on the run, you know," she said suddenly, staring pensively into her whiskey as she spoke. "Hindsight and all that. Doesn't particularly matter. We're all adults, all war veterans. Can't exactly get together on a Saturday night like ordinary chums with that sort of history, you know?" He did. "I'm sorry, Granger." She blessed him with another one of those smiles, even though this one was slightly tinged with mourning for her once best friends. "If we can graduate school, we should be able to graduate to first names too." He gave her a small smile. "Let's start over, shall we? I'm Theo." She shook his outstretched hand. "Hermione." He brought her fingers to his lips, surging with triumph when she blushed. "It's a pleasure, Hermione." "Oh, no," she said quietly. "I think the pleasure's all mine, Theo." She came back two nights later, arriving a little earlier than she had the first time. He was anxious. He'd been given a slightly earlier shift, one that meant he could leave thirty minutes after she'd arrived. After their two-and-a-half-hour chat last time, he wasn't eager to be removed from her presence so soon. But would his company be welcome if he…if he stayed? "Hello, Theo," she greeted brightly. She was the only thing in this dingy hell hole that shined. She was foreign, an outsider, and, perhaps for the first time, not because of her parentage. "Hermione," he returned with a smile. "You look lovely." She did. Her robes weren't fully closed, revealing a very flattering pair of muggle jeans and a snug black halter number to his eyes. The gentleman in him didn't stare, but the worthless shallow sod in him was in heaven. "This?" She questioned, glancing down at herself in honest confusion. "Get your eyes checked, Nott." "I thought we'd graduated to first names, pretty witch?" He quipped. She scoffed and rolled her eyes. "Trouble." "I am?" He grinned at her heatless glare. She asked about his week. He asked about hers. He made her a drink. She sipped it while they talked. All too soon, the last thirty minutes of his shift flew by. He frowned when he glanced up at the clock. "What's wrong?" She asked him, her eyes betraying her worry. He sighed. "I," he said, "Am officially free of the employment obligations bestowed upon me today." Tension danced between them as she chewed her lip and he tried to think of a way to extend their time together. "Well, Theo, since you're free," she said hesitantly, "Can I buy you a drink?" He blinked at her, too stunned to be pleased. "Absolutely not, but I'd be forever indebted if you could allow me the honor." Bemusement colored her features, but a slight grin had returned. "Sexist," she accused. "Gentleman," he corrected. He lost track of time throughout the evening, though he did dutifully keep an eye on the number of drinks she'd consumed and managed to keep her from getting completely pissed. She lived alone, he learned, just far enough away from Diagon Alley to give her some semblance of privacy, but so far that the commute was ridiculous. She saw Potter and Weasley maybe once a month, usually less, rarely more, to his great pleasure, and spent her days however she pleased. "I did attempt honest employment," she told him, "But with the heroine status and hero worship, it really became more trouble than it was worth. Occasionally I get a personal research project funded and if my findings benefit the ministry, I profit. Not that I need it." "Welcome to a life of privilege," he'd told her with a snort. "It's rather boring, isn't it?" She had agreed. They talked about her projects and about his life immediately after the war. She found out he roomed with Draco Malfoy, but that the prick was in Paris indefinitely with his mother. "Don't get me wrong," Theo assured her, "He's an arse, but I've known him since I was two, so I suppose I've built up a tolerance." She tactfully asked him about their relationship. He shrugged. "I'm sure you've caught on to this, but most of the pureblood families are a bunch of hypocrites," he said. "They act all high, mighty, and conservative, but in reality, Abraxas Malfoy was bisexual and had two – um…what's the male term for a 'mistress'? Partners? – two whatevers and his wife was gay, so she had Salazar knows how many mistresses." She'd giggled. "Lucius Malfoy's parents were both…?" He raised a brow at her and grinned, "Like grandfather, like grandson. Mine were no better, but my mother's side was less skilled in hiding it, I suppose. We're two bisexual peas in a pod, pretty witch, but we stopped dating months ago. Ended things before they got messy. Just roomies now. And friends." She blushed slightly and said, "I've never…ah…experimented, I suppose? But my natural inclination is, well, inclined towards beautiful creatures such as yourself." He grinned and it was slightly predatory. "Hermione Granger called me pretty," he teased. "I may faint." He told her about the flat he'd bought in a small forward thinking pureblood district and how Draco had completely taken over, turning the thing into a masterpiece of modern muggle architecture. All clean angles, matte painted steel, glass, and concrete. It was beautiful and crisp and non-traditional. He loved that flat and wondered if maybe she'd like a tour sometime. She asked him if sometime meant a few moments from now. He said it certainly could if the pretty witch wished it to. She wished. His face was pressed into something warm, voluminous, and soft when he slowly woke from the best wet dream of his life. A deep breath filled his nostrils with a delicious citrus and vanilla scent that he greedily inhaled again as he burrowed deeper into the source. His heart stopped and soared simultaneously when he opened his eyes and found himself snuggled up with a certain curly-haired witch. He hadn't been dreaming. She had come home with him the night before. She was spooned against him and – Circe help him – was equally naked as he was, providing him further proof that the night before had, indeed, been real. Even the wildest of the fantasies he'd entertained about her during sixth year did not compare to his partially alcohol-hazed memories from the night before. The shallow part of him entertained sending his ex-boyfriend a note and informing the prick that he owed Theo twenty galleons. Not because Theo had gotten the witch they'd both lusted after into bed fair and square, but because the witch in question was not as demure in bed as Draco had assumed. Far from it. A slow smile made its way onto his face as he remembered discovering a few itty bitty tattoos and the discrete onyx stud in her tongue. How he hadn't noticed the piercing before was beyond him. Maybe it was a newer addition. He took his time carefully detangling from her and slowly slipped out of the warm bed with no small amount of reluctance. But he needed to use the loo and he was determined to make her breakfast. Last night would only be a one night stand if she wanted it to be. He had other plans, however. He grabbed his wand from the bedside table before standing. The door didn't creak when he slipped out and, not for the first time, he found himself thankful for the wonderful oddity known as the modern muggle. Hardware