For Sam via GGE. Word Count: 4,709 "Did you know that when you bathe in the River Styx, you have to find your anchor, the thing that keeps you mortal?" "Funnily enough, I did," a voice answers dryly. Nico jumps, startled. He curses under his breath as Achilles appears at his side. "Were you talking to anyone in particular? If you're planning on taking a dip, I must warn you that-" "No, no, no," Nico says, blushing furiously. He scrubs his hands over the back of his neck. "I'm trying to figure out how to propose to my boyfriend." Achilles smirks, clearly amused. "A proposal in the Underworld," he chuckles. "How very romantic." Nico waves a dismissive hand. Finding the words is hard enough. He doesn't need the spirit's prying to make things harder. "I'm kind of busy here." "Keep it simple. Youth is so funny. In my day, if you wanted to propose, all you needed was an ap-" "Busy," Nico repeats. Achilles seems to take the hint. He shrugs. "So be it," he says, annoyed, before vanishing. Nico paces along the shore, trying to think of a way to string his thoughts together. It should be easy. He can see it so clearly in his head. Will is his anchor, the thing that keeps him mortal. But the words feel strange on his tongue. Sickly sweet romantic words just don't come naturally to him. With a groan, he comes to a stop. He has plenty of time to figure things out. It's not like he has to propose in the immediate future. … "Ah, apples," Will says brightly as Nico plucks the fruit. "So much healthier than that Happy Meal junk." Nico groans. He hates it when Will decides to play the role of nutritionist. "You'll thank me one day. All that grease and fat. Imagine what it's doing to your arteries." "At least it makes my taste buds happy," Nico says dryly, tossing the apple from hand to hand as they walk past the archery range. "My taste buds are much more important." Will rolls his eyes. He pats the top of Nico's head with a chuckle. "I'm leaving for med school soon," he says. "I have to practice my doctor-ly wisdom." Doctor. The word makes Nico smile, but it also reminds him of an old phrase. An apple a day keeps the doctor away. With a grin, he tosses the apple. "Think fast!" Will grabs catches it easily, smirking before taking a bite. "Thanks. I needed a sna- Dad?" Nico doesn't understand. Not until he walks right into Apollo who seems to be smiling way more brightly than usual. Before Nico can apologize, the god wraps him in a too tight hug. "Oh, I've been waiting for this day since the moment you two started dating!" he beams. "Wait until Aphrodite hears! Oh, who am I kidding? She knows. She always knows all the juicy gossip before I do!" Nico looks at Will, grateful to see that he looks just as confused. "What are you talking about, Dad?" Will asks, pulling Nico out of the hug. Apollo grins, rubbing his thumb over his chin in thought. "Let's see. A haiku for the occasion. Throwing an apple. Ancient love declaration. Wedding bells will ring," he says, nodding appreciatively at his own poem. "And here I thought this generation didn't care about the old customs! This is big! Everyone has to know. Oh, I know! I'll make the announcement at dinner! Gotta prepare!" "What-?" But Apollo disappears as suddenly as he'd appeared. "What was that about?" Will asks. Nico shrugs. "He's your dad," he says. "Ancient declaration. Wedding bells," Will snorts. "That sounds more like Hera's territory." Nico shakes his head. He wonders if Apollo could somehow know that he's been in the Underworld, planning his proposal. But that's ridiculous. Apollo has no sway over love, and Nico's words have hardly been poetic. "I guess we'll find out tonight." … Nico takes his seat beside Will at dinner. "No sign of your dad," he notes. Will shrugs. "You know how he is. He probably found a new band and is too busy downloading every album," he laughs. "He's so-" Whatever Apollo is, he doesn't get to say. The god waltzes into the dining pavilion, all smiles as he reaches the head table and whispers something to Chiron and Dionysus. "How disgusting," Nico hears Dionysus groan. "Young love is abysmal." "Campers!" Apollo cries, turning his attention to the demigods. "Oh, do I have big news for you! My son, my sweet Will, the future doctor, is getting married!" Will chokes on his grape. Austin pats his back until Will is no longer turning purple. "I'm what?" "Don't act shy, son," Apollo says with a pout. "A proposal right by the archery range! A father couldn't be more proud! Nico threw an apple at him, and the rest is history!" "What is he-?" Nico starts, but an old story echoes in his head. A tradition from the ancient times when men would throw apples to their beloved. "Oh." "Oh?" "I accidentally proposed to you, I guess." "How do you accidentally propose?" Will hisses. "By accident, obviously." "And I'm here today, before all of you to grant my blessing. Friends, family, lift your glasses in honor of my son and his future husband. To Will and Nico!" Every table cheers, their glasses raised. Even the Ares Cabin look less sour than usual. Nico blushes, his cheeks on fire. He wants to melt into the shadows, but Will's siblings pat his back, congratulating him and welcoming him to the family. For a moment, he considers telling them that it's a mistake, that he'd been trying to tell Will to leave him alone. But there's too much attention now. It's already done. "Oh, Will and Nico. Young love, beautiful and strong. You are so awesome," Apollo says proudly. … "What do we do now?" Will asks. "I guess we start planning," Nico says, shrugging. "I guess it saved me the trouble." Will stops. He turns, his eyes fixed on Nico. "Trouble?" Nico groans. He wishes he hadn't said it. It's too hard to open up and admit to his softer side, even to Will. "I was going to propose on your winter break from school," he admits. "Really?" Nico nods, looking pointedly away. "I love you. I wanted to make it official." Will wraps his arms around him, kissing him gently. "Well, now it's official," he says before pressing a second kiss to his lips. Nico groans, pulling away, his cheeks burning. "Stop being so mushy," he grumbles. "Oh, Coco, mushy is what I do best!" "And don't call me Coco!" Nico adds heatedly, but he can't stop smiling. They come to a stop outside of the Hades Cabin. Nico swallows dryly, his head still swimming. He presses a hand gently to Will's cheek, brushing his finger over the soft skin. "Goodnight, I guess." "Wait!" Before Nico can react, Will scoops him into his arms. "What are you doing?" "Practicing carrying you over the threshold," Will laughs, managing to maneuver the doorknob and make his way in. "We've still got another hour or two before the harpies start their patrol. Maybe we could practice for our honeymoon, too." Nico rolls his eyes as Will drops him onto the bed. "You're impossible," he groans. "You're the one who asked me to marry you," Will reminds him with a smirk. "Accidentally!" "You were still planning it. Just a different means to achieve the same end," Will says with a shrug. He leans down and kisses Nico's nose, and Nico tries to ignore the sudden fuzzy feeling in his stomach. "Get some sleep. I have a feeling Aphrodite's kids will be swarming us in the morning." Nico scowls. An engagement, he could handle. But he can't help but to hold a grudge against Apollo for making it so public. The rest of the summer at camp will undoubtedly be a nightmare. "Goodnight. I love you." Will smiles, covering Nico with the blanket and placing one last kiss to his forehead. "I love you, too." "You don't have to tuck me in, you know." "Hush. Let me enjoy things, Nico." … The sudden burst of sunlight startles Nico awake. He looks around, his sleepy eyes trying to take in the sudden radiance that fills the cabin. "I keep the curtains drawn for a reason," he mutters. "It's so gloomy! Darkness, how edgy," Apollo scoffs, sitting beside Nico. Nico is overwhelmed with the desire to throw him off the bed, but he resists. Gods don't take kindly to blatant assaults. Of course, he doubts Apollo would even notice. "Sunshine. That's where it's at," Apollo continues. "Why do you think beaches are so popular? Have you ever met anyone who decided a cave would be a nice place to spend a vacation? I think not, sweet Nico." "What are you doing here?" he demands, checking his watch. "It's three in the morning!" Apollo doesn't catch on to his tone, or take a hint that demigods need their sleep. He pats Nico's leg. "I know, I know. I should have graced you with my presence sooner," he says with a broad grin. "But you know how it is. 'Apollo, I need help with my archery.', 'Apollo, how do I cure this?', 'Apollo, if you try to seduce my Hunters one more time, I will-' Well, you can imagine. Artemis is no fun." Nico sits up, massaging his temples. He hopes that this is just a nightmare, but a pinch of his arm crushes that possibility. "I wanted to welcome you to the family. Now, I had my doubts. Son of Hades, all gloom and darkness. I went through a dark stage once, you know," he says, shaking his head. "Why do you think The Smiths were so popular? My personal blessing. The Cure even named their band after my gifts!" Again, Nico wants to throw him out of the cabin, but he resists. Truthfully, he doesn't think he has the energy. "But you're a good kid, Nico," he continues. "Rough around the edges, but we can't all be Apollo-esque, can we?" "Thank the gods," Nico mutters under his breath. "The important thing is that you make Will happy. That's all a father wants for his children," he says, his expression suddenly serious. "Just keeping making him happy, Nico. Can you promise me that?" Nico doesn't hesitate. He loves Will so deeply that he cares so little for himself. Will's smile is more valuable than gold. Will's happiness is worth more than all the jewels Hazel could summon. "I promise." Apollo is quiet for a moment. Nico assumes that the conversation is over and lays down again, waiting for the god to leave. Instead, Apollo stretches out beside him, propping up on his elbow, his too bright smile still in place. "Now, I've been thinking of colors. Yellow would be perfect, of course. A nice, sunny color," he says cheerfully. Nico groans and closes his eyes. Maybe if he pretends to be asleep, Apollo will go away. But Apollo doesn't seem to take the hint. He carries on with his chatter. "Austin will be glad to provide music, of course," Apollo continues. "Oh, your first dance! You could go with something trite and overused, of course, but I'd suggest against it. Don't worry. I'll have the muses to inspire someone to write something just for the occasion!" Nico covers his head with his pillow, trying to drown out his voice. It does no good. He wonders if Apollo has some special octave that is capable of piercing through barriers. "Have you considered doing vows in haiku format? Haikus are becoming quite popular, you know. From this day forward. Husband of mine you shall be. Now we are married." He wonders when the sun will rise. Surely Apollo won't leave his chariot on autopilot for too long. If can just endure it