The nights were agonizing now. The camp was quiet, an impossible concept when it was filled with over fifty children of various ages, all with ADHD and dozens of activities. Cold winds blew off of the canoe lake, cutting straight through the loneliness within the Poseidon cabin, rustling the curtains and leaving them swaying gently. Percy lay awake, staring at the ceiling and counting the seashells embedded in the ceiling. He lost count around fifty. His arm rested above his forehead, pressing against his skin and only serving to remind him of how unusually cold it was. His eyes stung with both the cold and exhaustion. He wished for nothing more than sleep at that moment, but sleep was hard to come by. Between the nightmares and the overall, suffocating feeling of danger, Percy didn't sleep much. Such was the case when the world you knew seemed on the very brink of collapse and it may just end falling on your shoulders. He tried to close his eyes, roll over and fall asleep. But he had tried that for several hours already and nothing was working. Not even the soothing lap of the lake touching the shore could soothe him. All he could do was squeeze his eyes shut, wish for a thicker blanket and try to sleep. There was a god of sleep, right? Could he give them a drachma under his pillow to bribe them to send a heavy cloud of sleep his way? Was that a thing? It was doubtful they would listen to him, anyway. He wasn't exactly popular with the Olympians at the moment. Percy let his eyelids fall and just focused on breathing. Try to keep the constant busy action in his thoughts still. Don't think. Don't let the bad thoughts about Luke and what the future may hold enter. Just breathing. Breathing... He started to feel himself drift off. He tried not to think about that, either. If he did, he risked jinxing himself and losing that precious chance of sleep. Instead he focused on nothing. Not the cold, not the sounds of the world around him. Just breathe in...and breathe out. He must have finally found mercy and fell asleep at some point, because the next thing he knew, he was being shaken awake. "Percy," a voice hissed. The boy tried desperately to hide from the shaking by pulling the blanket over his head and turning over on his stomach. The disembodied voice harassing him did not seem to like that, for suddenly his blanket was torn away. Percy followed the stolen blanket with a whine before opening his eyes. His cabin was empty. Percy slowly sat up a little taller, the corner of his vision still blurred and his mind groggy. He slowly looked around the room before staring off to his right. He could see his blanket draped over the edge of his bunk. He reached out to reclaim it, but suddenly a figure appeared in the corner of his vision. "Gah!" Percy fumbled in his bed and tried to pull Riptide out of his pocket. His heart sank as he quickly realized that he left it in his other pants, as his pajamas lacked pockets. Instead he improvised; Percy snatched his pillow and pulled it back over his head, preparing for a swing so he could use it as a distraction to retrieve his sword. He immediately stopped when he realized it was Annabeth, her face frantic and pale, her hands nervously twisting her baseball cap. The single streak of white in her hair from the events of last winter glowed in the moonlight. Percy lowered his deadly weapon of goose feathers and polyester. "...Annabeth," he asked warily, his throat rough and voice strained from both lack of sleep and lack of water. "What's wrong?" "The Athena cabin is under attack," she told him, her voice weak and panicked. The hair on the back of Percy's neck rose. "The others sent me to beg you for help." Percy jumped out of bed, grabbed his pants off the floor and recovered his precious pen from his back pocket. He then rushed to her side, his eyes steeled with determination. "Who is it? What's attacking?" Annabeth shook her head in distress. "You'll see when you get there," she warned. "We can't waste time! Malcolm's already been bitten!" Percy nearly jumped out of his skin. Bitten? Then, that had to be a monster of some kind! But, how had it gotten in camp? He bit his lip and grabbed her hand. He didn't have time to ask questions. He desperately hoped that whatever was loose in the Athena cabin wasn't poisonous. "Then lead the way!" Annabeth was just about to pull him out of the cabin when she froze. She frantically turned her head back towards Percy. "The guard harpies," she hissed. "If they see you, they'll eat you alive!" Percy gulped. He rather enjoyed avoiding being consumed. His time in the Sea of Monsters had provided a few too many close calls. His eyes darted around the room before they locked on to the sight of the canoe lake. "...I'll swim to your cabin," he said quickly. "A-And you can sneak back over with your hat!" Annabeth looked as if she was about to argue before she carefully nodded. "O-Okay... Be careful," she warned. With shaking hands, she placed her cap back on her head and disappeared. Percy watched the spot she had once stood for a few moments before quickly rushing outside and sneaking his way to the lake, quickly checking for any signs of harpies flying above his head. When the skies proved clear, he made a mad dash for the lake and dove in. He wasted no time with swimming, as much as he may enjoy it. Instead he used his powers to propel him through the water at astounding speeds. He arrived at the Athena cabin in heartbeats. Breaching from the lake, he immediately could hear muted screams and cries of terror from within. His heart painfully pulsed in his chest. His socks trampled everything in his way before he reached the door of the cabin. There Annabeth stood, frozen in fear. Percy drew his sword, the celestial bronze acting as the world's deadliest nightlight. With a face twisted in fury, he stood between Annabeth and the monster that lay within. "You woke up the wrong demigod," he growled menacingly. His rage quickly evaporated into surprise as he found the cabin painted with spiders. Arachnids scuttled across the floor in unfathomable numbers, covering the floor in black and brown until the wooden floor was unable to be seen. Everything from bookshelves to worktables was alive with angry, spitting spiders that hunted about like wolves, cornering Athena children anywhere they could. A boy was hanging on the rafters, desperately clutching at the wooden beam with his hands and pulling his legs up to avoid the spiders a few feet below him. A few had caught on to his idea and started climbing over to the beam he was holding, essentially leaving him with no options of escape. Two girls were futilely trying to protect the armory side of the room, waving swords at the floor and stomping about as if the floor was on fire. The spiders weren't fazed. The majority of the kids were congregated in the bunks on the far wall, teaming up to defend their beds and most prized possessions. Malcolm sat on the bed, clutching his hand and trying not to wail with pain and fear. Percy's eyes widened. He hadn't expected spiders. From what state Annabeth had arrived in, he had immediately assumed it to be some terrible monster. He quickly pushed it down. He knew better than most that Annabeth—and the other Athena kids—were mortified at the mere thought of spiders. They hated spiders. Spiders, all being descendants of Arachne, hated them. It was a mutual exchange of hate. How so many had managed to gather here, he had no idea. He just knew that he was going to get them to leave. Leave, being the key word in that thought. While he had been ready to jump to Annabeth's aid in the heat of the moment, he was still groggy and drained of all energy. If they were intelligent enough to plan and execute a full scale invasion, perhaps they would be intelligent enough to listen to an outside mediator and leave? Hey, he could dream. Besides, the amount of energy needed to kill hundreds of spiders with a sword was astronomical. Percy momentarilly lowered his sword. "...Hey, um... Spiders. Can we talk for a minute?" Surprisingly, the entire room froze and turned to face him, demigods included. A chill ran down Percy's spine. The spiders moved as if a living wave. It was an uncomfortable image. Annabeth seemingly backed up behind him, as he could no longer feel her hat against his back. Thousands of eyes were now trained on his every move. Better make his words count. "So uh...I'm Percy. I'm a son of Poseidon." At that, some of the spiders made a strange noise reminiscent of clicking and nails on a chalkboard. Percy resisted the urge to gag. Apparently, the idea of him being the son of a god who was often not on good terms with Athena was thrilling to them. "I woke up and heard you guys were in here. I understand that you both have a mutual hatred of each other," he said awkwardly, his hands raised defensively, though his sword was still in his right hand. "And that's cool. Really. But... could you maybe leave? It's late, everyone is tired... Surely you'd rather come and exact revenge for your mother during the day?" The spiders seemed to think about that idea for a moment. They then slowly began gathering in the center of the room, leaving the poor tormented souls guarding the beds and armory for another day. The boy hanging from the ceiling nearly wept with joy. Then the arachnids began building a large, singular pile of wiggling, hairy legs and pincers. Annabeth grabbed his shoulders and started pushing him forward like a human shield. "Th-They're attacking again," she hissed in his ears, her voice shrill. "Stop them!" Percy's shoulders slumped. "Is that a no," he asked the spiders sarcastically. With a great sigh, he lifted his sword and examined it. As much as he favored Riptide, he'd never be able to effectively slaughter an army of spiders with it. He needed a better plan. He felt his heart beating in his chest, constant like the tides. He thought of the lake. Water... Dang, he could use some about now... Wait, could he use his powers to draw the water to him from here? His arms hurt thinking about that. Oh, that would take a lot of effort. Though, the alternatives were hardly an option. He took a deep breath and focused on the water in the canoe lake, envisioning it rising in a twist and pulling it towards the door. "Annabeth," he warned. "Move away from the door." "... What ?" "Trust me," he whispered. "I've got an idea." He then stared at the spiders with a smile, hoping to stall as the effort pulled in his gut. "Fellas...and uh, ladies," he began, his smile morphing into a sheepish grin. "Can we stop and think about things for a moment? This seems like a lot of work for just a dozen kids or so. Why go through so much hassle?" The spiders didn't stop, though they did slow for just a moment. That was all he needed. "Well, it's been fun, but I'm afraid that it's time that I give you all the boot," Percy said with a tired grin. Behind him, the tip of a funnel of lake water floated in air, waiting for his next move. Annabeth squeaked behind him and quickly moved to stand at his right, even though