This was not quite what Annabeth was expecting to happen to her over her summer vacation. For starters, the ocean wasn't exactly Annabeth's thing. Being at the beach, taking in the sun, it just wasn't her cup of tea. She was more of the type to kick back in a really nice library and read for hours or even start sketching some building plans of some sort—she had to practice for when she was an actual architect. She was not Luke, with his sporty nature and his strong drive to do anything so long as he could win at it. She was not Thalia, who was brave enough to do most anything that Luke got in his thick skull to do and end up nearly smoking the boy in the process. Most of all she was not Grover, who insisted that he was an animal's best friend ala Snow White when he got kicked so hard in the legs by a goat that he's been saddled with crutches since the start of the summer—all because of one of his lame goat puns, too. She was thoughtful, calm and rational, not sporty, spunky or a victim of bouts of idiocy. Therefore, the young blond had no idea how she had ended up on the beach that summer afternoon. She had only come here because of Luke, of course. The whole group basically revolved around what sudden flicker of an idea passed through the boy's mind. Today, it was decimating everyone within a mile radius with a game a volleyball. From the sounds traveling towards her from a good fifteen feet away, the guy was taking the game way too seriously again and actually knocking people over with his spikes on accident. He was the type to get way too invested in playing a game and so somewhere along the line he seemed to forget that using every bit of your strength to slam the ball into the soft sand was not the best idea, especially if you planned on winning. Therefore his shots were very erratic and had a very unpredictable aim, leaving the other team to fear that the ball would hit them. They usually didn't have much to worry about, as the ball had a tendency to soar out of the court and crash-land in the non-sport related sections of the beach. Thalia was playing as well, of course, swept up in Luke's contagious overzealous nature and setting up every slam and slap of the ball with a quick step or two. Her bright blue eyes were quick to find an opening and take advantage, sometimes even giving her a chance to steal a spike or two from her partner. She actually aimed for points, which is basically the only reason their team was even winning at that point, outruling the fact that they were the only ones in possession of the ball the whole game, an obvious break of the rules. Grover was sitting on a bench on the nearby boardwalk, eating a soybean burger while eying the game of deadly volleyball with an interested yet cautious eye. His crutches were leaning up against his right leg, giving him the ability to focus on gulping down his food without losing his only means of transportation. He knew better than anyone that when Luke was playing any sort of sport, it was the best to stay as far as humanly possible away from the field of play. Innocent bystanders could find themselves hit upside the head with a football and walking up in a nurse's office a half hour later—if they were lucky. Annabeth was stubbornly refusing to go near the carnage her friend was orchestrating and instead wandered off to one of the sheltered tide pools on the western side of the beach. No one ever really went in that area, as it was actually far more rocks than sand. Beachgoers typically come for the surf, sun and sand , not rocks, after all. With rounded rocks rejected from the ocean, soothing walls of stone carved from the tide and a very small pathway for that occasional visitor to traverse upon, the tidal pools were the ideal location for anyone to sneak away and finish that novel they've been meaning to finish but haven't had the peace and quiet to do so. The teenager was hoping for the little alcove to provide her with such a luxury now, as she even brought a towel to sit on and a totebag of books to read. Spreading out her olive green towel on the sand, the girl made a hasty seat and sat back, taking a deep breath of the air around her. It was salty instead of the usual sharp acidic aftertaste usually found in the city limits. Just went to show how beneficial a good hiding spot could be. With another intake of a soft sea breeze, the young blond turned her grey eyes to the pages of her open book and read to her heart's content. Well, that was her plan, anyway. Instead of finishing her book, as she had been planning on doing, she ended up getting three pages into it before being interrupted by a strange gurgling noise. At first, Annabeth just shrugged it off and counted it as some hooligan messing around in the water again. However after around five more times being interrupted, each one adding just a bit more annoyance to her serene mood, she gave up and decided to put her reading on hold. Sticking a bookmark in her page to ensure her spot was kept, she tucked the book back in her bag and stood up. Her hands rested on her jeans for a few moments as she scanned her little enclosure. There wasn't a soul around, as she had expected. The only sound in the air was the gentle sweep of the water curling around the rocky shore and nearly slipping inside of the numerous pools, as if the retreating water was mocking the small spaces by flaunting the water it couldn't have. Just as Annabeth was about to turn around and get back to her reading, her eyes caught a sudden shimmer of the light. Grey eyes focused on the slight refraction of light, finding a smooth surface of grey and paler shades gleaming in the sun. At first, the blond took it as another stone that had been drenched by the earlier high tide. Then the grey form moved slowly up and down, almost like it was breathing. She realized with a jolt that it was in fact breathing and the thing she was staring at was not a a stone but in fact an animal of some sort. Her heart picked up the pace as she scrambled over to the far corner of her reading nook, stumbling over stones on the way with her wet sneakers in her hurry to get there. Annabeth was rewarded with the pitiful sight of a dolphin lying in the sand and rocks, breathing slowly and looking completely miserable. It didn't take a marine biologist to know that the unfortunate creature had swam a little too close when the tide was full and managed to get himself stuck on the shore. The girl quickly kneeled beside the creature to try to help him, but the sudden movement did more harm than good in effectively startling the poor dolphin. The aquatic mammal out of water bucked and made a strange sound in what she supposed was fear before abruptly giving up and flopping his nose back down in the sand. Her chest twisted at the sight. It was worse than those animal charity commercials on television. Immediately after that thought, the blue waves broke in white as a head shot out of the water. Instinctively, Annabeth leaned away with a face of total shock. Once the sudden rush of adrenaline gave her bloodstream the slip, she found the head to belong to a boy with black hair and eyes that looked like the ocean itself, deep green with some odd shades of blue in there for good measure. The swimming boy seemed to shift a little closer to the dolphin before whirling around and staring straight at Annabeth. An awkward silence covered the shore before he ducked out of sight and disappeared under the water, leaving the girl sitting there in bewildered curiosity. Against most of her better judgement, the girl took a deep breath and stuck her head under the water. Struggling against the salty needles that were now burrowing themselves into her eyes, she found the boy to be swimming behind the endangered animal and struggling with something, his feet churning viciously in the water. Lifting her gaze, she found his hands to be clawing at some rough fisherman's netting that was circled around the poor dolphin's tail and back. Before she could look any longer, her chest started screaming at her to find oxygen that wasn't chemically bonded with hydrogen already. Annabeth pulled out of the water with a gasp, her hair sticking to her face and reeking of saltwater. She struggled for her breath for a moment, her right hand clutching her chest as her heart slammed against her orange shirt. She relaxed as her heartrate decreased before abruptly remembering that she was in fact wearing a hat. Her hands jumped to her head to find her beloved baseball cap still perched on her head. She broke the silence with a sigh before placing it behind her on dry land and reaching in to her pocket. "Hey," she reluctantly called out. "You're not going to break those ropes with your bare hands. You'll need to cut them first." The sound of the water responded to her before the boy lifted his head from the water again and stared at her with silent interest. Taking another look at him, it was pretty obvious that he was around her age. Annabeth took a deep breath in preparation before pulling out her pocket knife. The boy immediately reacted with a sharp shot backwards, putting distance between them. "Whoa, wait a second," she sputtered as he nearly dove under again, his nose already halfway underwater. "You'll need this to cut the ropes!" He stopped and looked back up to her. He remained silent as he scanned her face with his brilliant eyes. Looking in his gaze, Annabeth could clearly see him thinking things over, as if he was unsure about her offer. Eventually, he rose back up from the water, gave her a nod and held out his hand to her, waiting for the knife. The blond moved just a bit closer and tried to shift the blade in her hand to give him access to the handle, but he abruptly reached out and snatched it from her blade-first, cutting himself in the process. He snapped back with a cringe just as Annabeth let out her own sound of shock. The boy pulled his hand away and stared at it in confusion as red slowly slipped from his skin and pooled in his palm. "What were you thinking," she snapped. The dolphin beside her bucked again and let out another horrible sound of displeasure, making her hiss and lower her voice just a bit, her anger still swirling in her words. "Why in the world would you grab a knife by the blade?! Do you have seaweed in your brain from swimming too long," she sarcastically asked. The boy gave her a bitter glare before holding his uncut hand out towards her, prompting her for the knife again. Annabeth narrowed her eyes before moving the knife closer to her. "You're not going to grab it by the blade again, are you?" The boy shook his head and curled his fingers towards himself in impatience. The blond rolled her eyes and eventually gave him the knife, this time making sure he had a proper grip on the handle. He gave her a dignified