Author's Note: Usually, I save my notes for last. However, I just wanted to say that this is an au fic based on my ocs, who have a story of their own planned for the future. I wanted to write something about Thanatos (I love writing about underappreciated gods) and so I decided to my demigod kid Isabella Holly who has had many close encounters with death instead of one of the seven. The au only comes in towards the end, which has some vague Apollo arc endgame speculation. With that all out of the way, I sincerely hope that you read and enjoy this little oneshot! The First Glimpse She still couldn't believe what she was doing, even as the wind was knocked from her lungs and the faintest sound of glass shattering reached her from somewhere above her. She could see the hilt of her sword now burrowed into its skull, red staining white fur as the strange hellhound howled with agony. Everything seemed to move in slow motion. A faint purple haze drifted around her and the monster's face, carrying the faintest scent of lavender and chamomile and perhaps a hint of valerian—it was a scent that her father seemed to have, a stranger earthy scent of a plant used even by the ancient Greeks to promote sleep. Numbly, she weaved her fingers through the mist, willing it to travel to the hellhound and put it to sleep for good, to finally succumb to its numerous wounds her friends had given it. "Death and Sleep are merely twins," he had said within a dream. She tried to avoid him, but being the daughter of Morpheus meant dreams were always his realm, not hers. "Dreams...well, they are Death's nephew. You do understand, don't you?" "I'd understand better if you spoke plain English instead of riddles," Isabella Holy had spat back as she jumped from rock to rock in a black abyss. Morpheus had just smiled a sleepy, sad sort of way. "If only I could," he had sighed. "If only..." Now, as she fed the sleep inducing mist to her enemy as she slowly slid down the edge of the ten story building, she prayed she had been right. The small piece of ambrosia in her mouth would only go so far, and she couldn't squander it. No, she had to conserve as much as possible. That's why she only broke off a small piece of that piece and swallowed that , holding the rest in the forefront of her mouth with her tongue. The faintest taste of bittersweet dark chocolate brownies filled her mouth, reminding her of home. Not this home, not blustery Chicago with its convoluted streets and tiny apartment complexes and promised jobs that fell through leaving them stuck in a big city with no secure financial future, no. It reminded her of a small town in Indiana where the population was under five thousand and you knew all the same people your whole life and yet still couldn't connect with any of them. Where you could run through a field and come back with wildflowers stuck to your clothes. A horrible burning in her chest dimmed and she wished that it would go away. Then she looked down and realized that she was about to meet the sidewalk. Home or not, she didn't want to die here, either. So she swallowed the spit that had disintegrated part of the ambrosia and hoped it would be enough to survive a fall from twenty feet—she was thankful that the White Hound hadn't tossed her to the top of the building when they crashed into it. No way could she survive a ten story drop. She moved her shield away from her so she wouldn't be impaled by the edges and debated on whether it was best to land on her back or her stomach when she hit the ground with a crack. She immediately swallowed half the ambrosia and felt a burn go down her throat as she experienced a searing pain in her bones before it ebbed again. A thump followed and her eyes drifted to her right to find the hellhound crashing to the ground before evaporating into a cloud of golden dust. The gargantuan collar hit the asphalt street and her sword followed it. Isabella smiled just a bit. At least their impromptu quest had been a success. The she saw the reflection of what looked like shards of sunset above her in the reflection her shield. She hurriedly lifted her arms to shield her back, her shield protecting her head and neck while her bleeding left hand laughably tried to protect her back. Hot nails stabbed her back and she swallowed the last of her ambrosia just as the wave of pain hit. She didn't care about embedding the glass in her skin. All she cared about was cradling the line between life and death as tightly as she could. The edges of her vision started to turn black and fuzzy. She could no longer smell plants. Instead, Isabella could only smell blood. Numbly, she thought of the friends she had managed to drag on this doomed quest. Zach, the son of Hecate, Cory, the son of Apollo, Sophia, the daughter of Ares, and Dimitri their kind satyr guide... An unofficial quest party made of demigods of both minor and major gods. Morpheus had requested it that way. He wanted to try and unite Camp Half Blood's cabins after the Titan War, a war they hadn't even seen save Dimitri. Would they carry the collar back as proof of their battle? She certainly couldn't. She hoped they were safe... Isabella blearily looked ahead to catch a glimpse of a man standing before her. A tall figure cut through the haze, clear despite her fading vision. While mostly covered in a dark robe, she could clearly see a pair of dazzling gold eyes staring back at her. Complimenting his eyes was his dark skin and almost black hair. While he seemed more lean than muscular, his appearance was quite striking. In fact, she might even say he was breathtakingly handsome. Another wave of numbness washed over her. She knew who he was. "...death," she murmured weakly. She couldn't feel anything now, not even numb. "You're Thanatos." "That I am," the god confirmed, his eyes narrowing, though seemingly not out of unkindness. "...It's been a while since a demigod has called me by name." Isabella wanted to smirk, though she could no longer feel her face. "...am I..." Thanatos stepped closer. "Not quite. Using ambrosia like that...quite clever." It almost appeared as if he were smirking. "I'll simply have to come back later." Her world turned black just as her friends started to run to her and call her name. She closed her eyes with ease. Second Glimpse How she continued to find courage, she never knew. Only in hindsight did Isabella realize that her father Morpheus had been trying to unite the demigods before Gaea awoke to exact revenge. Had he known she would wake? The gods claimed ignorance, though the timing and impatience he had possessed then had made her believe that maybe he had known. Maybe Hecate too, though she had never met her boyfriend's mother—and neither had he. Now Romans and Greeks alike were fighting to destroy ancient Roman emperors to stop them from using the powers of prophecy to rule over all. Oh, and restore Apollo to godlyhood. She supposed that were rather important as well. Now the fallen god was fighting Nero inside of a massive skyscraper. The old burn scar on her lips ached from her biting it so much. She hadn't been in a battle this important since Gaea. She got a strange thrill out of it; like she was making up for the times she hadn't fought, when she hadn't known about what she truly was. Zach was somewhere on the far side, using his magic to shield the injured and deter opportunistic attackers. With her sword and shield at her command, she instead tore through the monstrous ranks, using her sleep-inducing cloud to disarm before slicing through and turning them to dust. While her and her boyfriend hardly fought together, she still prayed for his safety. Isabella Holly instead did as much as she could. If she could kill a strange hellhound hybrid at sixteen, she could kill a bunch of monsters at eighteen. Cutting through hoards of strange monsters she couldn't remember—despite her chats with the Roman son of Morpheus, she could not recall their names—she tried to clear the streets. She only faintly heard a whizzing sound before an arrow pierced her chest through a small gap in her armor. Her cloud of sleep exploded into fragments knocking out anything with a ten foot radius. Her knees buckled as she desperately clutched at the arrow. She needed to remove it before she could try to eat any ambrosia. But the shaft was slick with blood and her palm simply slid away and fell to the concrete. Blue eyes desperately looked up at the top floor, where Apollo was fighting. Not now. She had to see the battle to the end— "I told you that I would come back later, did I not," Thanatos asked from behind her. His voice was level but not emotionless. Instead it was quite calming. "You've fought rather admirably, though now it is time for you to rest." "Please...let me live until the fight is over," she begged, though her lungs burned and her chest felt like it was filling with hot water. "I want to see it to the end..." She heard nothing but a faint ringing in her ears for several moments before the god of death finally spoke. "...I will permit it. Though I will shadow you until the very moment a victor is decided. Once that happens, your soul leaves." Isabella nodded and suddenly a cold wind cut through her. She gasped for air and stared at her feet to find she had a shadow, something so trivial and yet the first she had ever had. She assumed her lifelong lack of a shadow was from her father, as he seemingly lacked one as well. Her knees shook as she rose to her feet and gripped her sword tighter. She ran a bloodied hand through her short black hair before she hurriedly finished off the monsters she had knocked out. From then on she fought as if a wildfire, recklessly tearing through enemy ranks and slashing foes apart with little regard for her own wellbeing. She was to die anyhow, so she might as well do as much damage as she could. Once or twice she tried to put a monster to sleep, only to find her sleeping cloud had morphed into something far more powerful. Where it has once simply ushered a for into sleep, now a single breath would kill them. Upon discovery, she turned her head to try and look behind her, as if Thanatos were hovering behind her. Instead she simply saw the devastation she had helped carve in the enemy ranks. "Are you...helping," she asked weakly, her voice hoarse as if she had been without water for days. "Me? Help a demigod do battle to save possibly Mount Olympus's future," he asked in a gasp, though it almost seemed...humorous in tone. "Absolutely not. The god of death would not interfere," he lied. "I am simply waiting to collect your soul." And so, Isabella fought on, never troubled by death's looming. Instead she fought on unperturbed. Once she had caught a glimpse of the archer who maimed her. She moved to end him before realizing his aim was fixated on Will Solace, head of Apollo's cabin and half brother to her friend Cory. He was too preoccupied with carrying an injured demigod away from trouble. There was no possible way for him to notice in time. So, she did something