Hi guys, this is completely different from anything I've ever done before but I love to be creative & try different things. As it stands, this is a TWO shot & I hope that you enjoy it. If anybody knows me, you'll know that I am a 100% fan of original canon couples but sometimes I like to mix things up a little and do a little AU detour. This IS a girl/girl story so if that's not your thing then don't read it. As always, make sure you follow/favourite and review! I hope you like it xoxo Missing Pieces: Part 1 My mother sits opposite me, sipping slowly on her peppermint tea and staring into my eyes. A stolen glance at the clock on the wall tells me it's 11pm. She's been here for hours and I know that she isn't leaving anytime soon. She's worried about me. I know that. But we've talked enough for one day. I just need to go to sleep now. She puts her tea down on the coffee table and I sigh, knowing that this means she's going to say more words. "You need your rest honey. Don't worry, I'll be here tomorrow," she says in a soothing voice. "Mom. Really, I'm fine. You don't have to stay," I tell her. "Bella, listen. I know that you grew up with your father during your teenage years and I know how hard that was for you. Not having your mom around all the time. I'm sorry I wasn't there Bella but I'm making it up to you. I'm going to be here for you from now on I promise." She looks at me seriously with her hazel eyes. She's aged in the past couple of years but she's still beautiful. I'm glad that she found Phil and is so happy and content with life. I just wish I were too. I nod, knowing that no matter what I say, it isn't going to sway her decision. She has her bag of clothes and I know Renee will be around for the next few days. I don't mind, not really. I've missed her. But it's her constant worrying that bothers me. She shouldn't have to fly out all the way from Arizona to soothe my never-ending heartache. I'm just a silly girl who can't keep a boyfriend. "Get some rest," she whispers into my hair. The familiar childhood scent of her age-old perfume is so comforting that it makes me emotional. I haven't realised how much I've missed my mom. "Night mom," I whisper back. She takes her bag and disappears into my guest room. I scurry around in the kitchen until I find my wine. It bleeds a fascinating red into the glass. Just like my heart. Last week, my boyfriend broke up with me. This isn't exactly surprising, I mean, it's happened to me seven other times before. But this one really did hurt me. Edward was honestly everything that a girl could possibly dream of. He was gorgeous, the perfect build, hair, clothes. Those endless green eyes that made you swoon. It wasn't just his beauty though; he was amazing on the inside too. He was so kind and gentle. So loving and caring. He played the piano, he volunteered at animal shelters. He was everything and more. Then he broke up with me. When he told me that he loved me and wanted to spend the rest of his life with me, I had completely choked up. I didn't know what to say. I had stared at him dumbstruck, just standing there not saying anything. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. It was practically one step away from asking for my hand in marriage. The words haunted me and I had wanted to run a thousand miles into the hills. Spend the rest of my life with Edward? Did I want that? No, I didn't think so. And I told him that. Of course, Edward was devastated. So was I. I cried when I had to confess to the most loving person I'd ever met that I just didn't feel the same way. I loved him. I really did. Just, not in the same way he loved me. I loved him like a friend, like somebody I really cared about. Not as husband material. But that's what makes me so fucking angry. I don't understand what the hell is wrong with me. I should love Edward that way. There's absolutely no reason not to. He's so lovely, so smart, and the sex was pretty good too. I should love him, but I don't. In the end, I decided that I was the problem, not him. It was all me. This had happened way too many times for it to not be my fault. Every single damn time a guy wants more, I flee, like its a crime scene. I'm just so scared of the word more. I'm so scared of the idea of love, of commitment. Of the idea of taking it to the next level with someone. I've never felt like I loved anybody near enough that I would want to be with them forever. But why can't I love? Tears are pouring into my wine as I ask myself this question over and over again. I had everything. I really did have everything and I lost it because I'm just one big royal fuck up who doesn't know how to feel. Who doesn't know how to commit. Who doesn't know how to say yes. Who doesn't know how to be the person that a man needs. I get up late the next day. My head hurts from the crying and I can hear my mom whistling from the kitchen. I can't help but smile a little to myself knowing that she's here. It feels good to have company. I've been so lonely without Edward. I really do miss him, just not enough to want him back. I can't make myself love him and I hate myself for it. Stepping out of my bed I shrug on my robe and slippers and head out to greet my mom. She's wearing my polka dot apron and humming Boy George as she fries eggs and bacon. The smell is delicious and suddenly I'm starving. "Here you go honey," she says, setting my plate down in front of me after a few moments. I take a bite of the crispy bacon and it's delicious. I tuck in immediately, glad to be eating my moms cooking again. She's definitely gotten better over the years. With a steaming cup of coffee in her hands, she sits across from me and takes a sip. "How are you feeling?" She asks tentatively for the first time this morning. I shrug as I eat my eggs. Yummy. Suddenly, I remember how Edward used to cook eggs and sometimes arrange them in a smiley face and I burst into tears. It's so unexpected that even Renee looks startled. That's it. I've officially hit rock bottom. I'm crying over a fucking plate of eggs. "Oh baby," Renee's voice is heart-breaking as I feel her stroking my hair, by my side in an instant. The tears are falling into my breakfast and I just can't hold them back. It's agonising. "I'm a failure," I cry. "No honey you're not." "I can't keep a boyfriend." "You're still young baby. You're only 25." "Almost 26," I counter, feeling the salt in my mouth. "So many of my friends are already settled down. Already married with babies." I look up to her and she looks like a blur through my filmy eyes. "That will be you too soon honey. I promise." I shake my head, running out of words. There's nothing left to say so I just lay my head on my mom's shoulder as she runs her fingers through my hair. Like she used to when I was a little girl. I only hope what she says is true. It's been almost a month now since Edward and I broke up. We text often and he's doing okay. Actually, he's doing more than okay. I think that he started dating this girl Tanya, who's been obsessed with him forever. I don't feel bitter. Not really. I had my chance. I only hope she can give him the love he deserves because he really does deserve it. Today is Friday and it's dreary and wet. I'm shivering and soaked by the time I get to work. I usually adore my job as an English teacher to my adorable third graders, but today, all I want to do is go home and curl up with a good book and a hot chocolate. It's January, and here in Seattle, winters can be freezing. The day drags, as expected. I eat lunch in my classroom so I can have peace but Jane comes and joins me. She whines on and on about Marcus, her husband, as she chows down her sandwich. They have a baby and apparently he doesn't want to change diapers. Oh, the problems of the charmed. When the day is done, I'm glad for the escape. I stop by the grocery store on my way home and pick up more dog food and some cookie ingredients. I'm feeling a half-baked cookie dough with whipped cream right now. Jacob greets me as I walk through the door, wagging his tail and jumping up and down. At least somebody is happy to see me. I bend down and let him lick my face as I ruffle my hands through his fur. Jacob is my ever-faithful German Shepard and I love him more than anything. He keeps me company. He keeps me sane. It's 10pm now. I'm bored of my book and I've eaten all my cookie dough. I'm curled up by the roaring fireplace, with Jacob sleepily resting by my side. I look around my home with a sigh and realise just how much I love it. I've worked so hard to be able to have this beautiful house. I just wish I had somebody to share it with. I then the TV on but I can't find anything to watch. I settle on some dumb reality show as I devour a bag of Cheetos. Great, now I'm going to get fat too. It's a Friday night and I'm hanging out with my dog eating chips. This is it, I've officially big rock bottom. I'm just about to call it a night when the door knocks. I'm completely surprised because I have no idea who it could be. My mom finally left last week, back to Arizona. I knew she missed Phil and I was so grateful to her for spending this time with me. I'd really needed her. I have a fleeting thought that it might be Edward and I am just not in the mood to see him right now. I know things will be awkward and tense and I can't deal with that. Hesitantly, I open the door and I'm extremely surprised to see Rosalie standing outside in the pouring rain. So shocked in fact, I just stand staring at her for several seconds. "Earth to Bella!" She says, waving her hand in my face. "Are you going to invite me in? I'm freezing my ass off out here." I shake my head and step aside, motioning for her to come in. I have no idea what she's doing here at this time of night. She's only ever been to my house a handful of times and it was always with Edward. As she shakes her halo of golden hair free from the rain and shrugs out of her long coat, I am momentarily stunned by her beauty. Just like I always am. She is by far the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my life. Rosalie Hale is Edward's older sister by two years, which