Hi guys, I'm back with a little Christmas sequel to Without You for you all. It's only going to be like 2 or 3 chapters but I didn't plan this at all it just came to me and I thought it'd be a cute idea so hope you enjoy! Tell me what you think Christmas Kisses Chapter 1 'Mommy are we going shopping?' The angelic voice of my gorgeous baby called out to me as I strapped him into his car seat. 'Were just going to pick up a few things for your birthday and Christmas!' I told him as I dropped a kiss to his cheek and he smiled up at me clutching his toy wolf in his hands. It was my little cutie's third birthday tomorrow and I couldn't believe that time had flew by so quickly. He was perfect, everything I could ever want and more. He was so well behaved and loving and kind, he was beautiful. As time had passed more features of me had started to appear in him which thrilled me to no end. He still looked more like Jacob but his eyes were a replica of mine as was his cute little nose. I loved him more than anything in the world. With Alex being a Christmas baby it was also only 4 days until Christmas and I had still not finished buying all of my gifts. With Alex being the angel he was, I could go shopping and take him with me. When we got to Port Angeles mall I parked my car and lifted Alex out of his seat. 'Do you want to walk or do you want me to carry you?' I asked him 'Mommy please carry me first and then I walk after' he said sweetly to me. My heart melted at how adorable he was. I held him on my hip as we went shopping. I always received unwanted male attention whenever I went anywhere by myself but today I seemed to be receiving a lot more. I wasn't sure why, I was in jeans and a sweater with a two year old on my hip. But I suppose my heels were kinda high. Although I didn't want people looking at me and checking me out, it was sort of nice to see that others thought I was pretty. Besides Jacob and my family/friends. We went into the small clothes boutique first and I picked up a few things for my wolf girl friends. I skimmed past a white button down shirt in the men's section and I thought about how good Jacob would look in it. He always looked so gorgeous in white, the way it contrasted against his dark skin. And there was just something so sexy about button ups, I could undo each one... I went to put it back down, remembering I wasn't on the best terms with my husband right now. He didn't deserve presents. Unfortunately though Alex had seen me holding it and pointed to the shirt. 'For daddy?' He asked, looking up at me with his wide innocent brown eyes. He was so clever. I kissed him on his nose and he wrinkled it. 'Yes, it's for daddy' I confirmed as I picked it back up. We shopped for about an hour, I could have spent longer but I knew Alex was probably hungry and I knew he was getting tired because he had buried his head into my neck. By the time I had loaded all of my bags into the car and settled him into his seat, he was asleep. It was around 3pm so it was his nap time anyway. The last stop I needed to make was to the cake store to pick up his birthday cake I had ordered a few days ago. It was a three tiered animal kingdom themed cake. Alex loved animals and I knew he'd be in awe with his cake and presents. Alex now knew what a birthday was (kind of) so he was really excited about it. I carried him still sleeping into the store with me and the woman over the counter eyed him adoringly. 'Is the animal cake for this little beauty here?' She asked kindly. I nodded and smiled. She told me to wait a moment while she quickly went to collect it and I looked around a little. My eyes landed straight on his which were boring into my own. He sat, with a cup of coffee staring straight at me. Not again, I thought. In three strides he was in front of me and I frowned. I hadn't seen him in almost three years. The last time was at the coffee shop, where he'd promised he would keep in touch and try to be my friend again. He was a liar. 'Why are you here?' I asked 'Is that your baby?' Nahuel said, his eyes lingering on Alex. 'No, he's my moms' I said sarcastically. 'He's...cute.' I rolled my eyes and the woman came back with my cake. I thanked her and Nahuel lifted it up before I had the chance. 'I'll take it' he smiled kindly. 'I don't want or need your help Nahuel' I told him seriously. 'You're a liar and I don't need you in my life.' 'Just let me carry the cake to your car, your hands are full' he insisted. I relented. He placed the cake in my car carefully and I raised my eyebrows at him. 'What do you want from me?' 'Nothing. I really was just having a coffee, it's actually grown on me' he smirked. I ignored him and opened my door but he shut it back and placed his hands on my lips before I could protest. 'I haven't been around because you were happy Renesmee' he told me solemnly. 'You were married, you had a baby - I was just a third wheeler. You don't deserve to have a best friend who's in love with you. Seeing your face all the time is like a form of torture. I needed to move on. I've been travelling, trying to find a girl to call my own.' 'Did you find her?' I asked. I hope he had. 'Not yet.' I sighed but he continued quickly. 'But I'm still looking, there's been lots of girls I've dated but I'm looking for love. I want to fall in love with somebody, like you did.' 'I hope you find her Nahuel' was all I said. 'Me too' he replied, somewhat sadly. 'It was nice seeing you Renesmee, I'm glad you're okay.' 'Me too.' I got in my car and drove away. A few miles away from home I got a flat tyre and groaned in frustration. I really didn't need this. I got out and tried to change it myself but all I ended up doing was covering myself in black grease. I phoned Embry and he was here in five minutes. 'Thanks' I said to him as he was changing it. 'No problem Ness' he smiled. 'I see you tried yourself' he noted. I blushed and tried to wipe the black smears off me but he just laughed. He was finished in like two minutes. I dropped him off back to the shop and looked behind to see that Alex had just woken up and was looking rather grumpy. I spotted Jacob through the glass mirror holding a clipboard and he stared at Embry as he got out of my car. He strode out immediately and started questioning him before coming over to me. I put the window down. 'Hi daddy!' Alex squealed, cheering up at the sight of Jake. Jake walked to the back of the car and pulled Alex out who started chatting to him happily all about his day. I sighed, waiting impatiently. 'I don't have all day, I need to go home' I snapped at Jacob. He glared at me. 'A flat tyre and you called Embry? Seriously?' I didn't answer him. 'You're being childish and ridiculous' he said to me seriously. 'Why do you always have to act like a brat?' 'Fuck you' I said. How dare he call me a brat? I instantly regretted swearing. I'd never swore at him before and it was in front of Alex. I couldn't help it though, I was angry. He looked shocked but he recovered quickly. 'If you're gonna curse at me make sure it isn't in front of my son.' He put Alex back in his car seat and he was still chatting happily, oblivious to our argument. I drove off before he could say another word. . . . Alex was playing with his toys and watching TV in the living room and I was making dinner. When Jacob walked through the door at 6 o'clock I groaned. I really didn't want to deal with him right now. He put down his things and went straight to Alex who ran to him. I set out two plates on the table and called Alex to come and eat. He told me to wait 2 minutes while he finished the last pieces of his Lego. I smiled to myself. Jake walked in a few moments later and looked around. 'You didn't make me anything to eat?' He asked quietly in disbelief. 'There is a fridge full of food' I told him, in case he didn't know. 'Make it yourself.' 'Are you seriously acting like this?' He asked angrily, annoyance written all over his face. 'Don't' I warned. '6 days. You've been like this for six days, when are you going to stop it? It's Alex's birthday tomorrow, it's almost Christmas.' I sighed and turned away from him, going to the living room to get Alex. When we'd finished dinner I saw Jacob trying to cook some pasta. He didn't really like pasta, he was just doing it because it was easy but he couldn't manage to do it properly and he looked really upset and I felt like crying. I sent Alex back into the living room to play and I went over to Jacob and brushed his hand out of the way. My skin tingled when we touched. It had been six days since I had touched Jacob, at all. It was killing me. I emptied the pasta in the bin and cooked some more of the chicken me and Alex had had. Jake moved out of my way and we said nothing at all to each other. I finished his dinner and plated it for him. He brushed his hand across my shoulder and said thank you. I guess I felt like making dinner was my way of saying sorry for swearing at him. I tried to tell myself that, really it was because I hated seeing him suffer. His pain was my own. 'Are you excited for your birthday tomorrow?' I asked Alex as I gave him a bath. 'Yay!' He squealed happily. He was covered in soapy bubbles as he splashed around with his water toys. 'And all your friends are going to be there and you're going to get lots of presents!' I told him as I washed his hair. I'd trimmed it last week, it was now almost to his chin. 'I love my friends and presents Mommy' he told me sweetly 'I know you do honey.' I finished giving Alex his bath and got him changed into his toy story pyjamas before carrying him downstairs with me. Jacob put a movie on for him and I went to make us hot chocolate. I lingered over Jacob's cup but I decided to make him one. He looked shocked when I brought it in but didn't say anything. Alex sat in between us but I lifted him onto my lap. I was freezing today, it was icy outside and even though my house was all fully heated I was still cold. I knew my husband was as warm as an