Summary: Two young children, Seraphina and Johanna, are initiated into the Volturi after it is discovered that Seraphina has visions; the gift that Aro wants most. As they grow up, the inevitable transformation, and teenage challenges loom over their heads. But their situations are not as bleak as they might seem…for a fickle fancy called 'love' will soon make its entrance… A/N: Hello everybody! I was hoping to get out of the realm of Twilight, but this plot hit me straight in the face during a boring session of C.E. Adult Roles and Financial Literacy. Ever since then, I've been daydreaming about it. Let me know what you think; I will continue to write whether I get reviews or not, but some feedback would be greatly appreciated. (smile) DISCLAIMER: I do not own any of the characters, except for Seraphina; Johanna is a figment of The Hermit Crab's imagination and stories, namely, her Wanted Alive: Not Dead, Just Alive story , and she has allowed me to use her in my story. This story is from my own imagination and for my entertainment, and not for any financial gain. The characters of the Volturi are property of Stephenie Meyer. . . . . . Seraphina hitched her jacket up and around her neck as she peered around the tight street corners; looking for any sight of the polizia . Once she determined that the street was clear, she grabbed Johanna's small, frozen hand, and pulled her behind her as they slipped soundlessly to the next corner. Seraphina repeated the routine, peeking around the corner to check for people or polizia . Johanna put her hands up to her mouth, and exhaled on them loudly to try and warm up her cold fingers. "Hush, Johanna! Do you want someone to hear you?" Seraphina whispered harshly. "But there is no one around to hear us!" Johanna said back, her voice quivering from the cold. "But what if there is! You don't want them to take us back to mama and daddy to you?" Johanna gasped in horror; she would do anything, even swim through an iced-over river than return to her parents. But what little Johanna didn't know, was that their parents had been dead for just under four hours. Seven-year-old Seraphina and five-year-old Johanna had watched their parents fight their last fight just under four hours ago. Seraphina held Johanna tightly, and covered her ears as their parents screamed obscenities and other horrible things at each other for the past two years. Fighting was not an uncommon thing in their household. Ever since their parents had taken up alcohol and Heroin, their lives had turned into an icy slope; pushing them further and further away from any chance of happiness or a good home. Just under four hours ago, their parents went on a drug and alcohol binge; injecting four times the lethal amount of Heroin into their veins, and falling into unconsciousness as their lives slipped away. Seraphina and Johanna watched their parents die. Johanna didn't understand why they didn't wake up, but Seraphina knew better. "They'll be fine," Seraphina said. "This is our chance. The one we've been planning for a long time," "But where will we go?" Johanna asked. "I know a place," But the truth was that Seraphina had absolutely no idea where they were going to go. She figured anywhere must be better than home. Gathering up what little they could carry, Seraphina and Johanna slipped from their house, and ran through the frozen fields and away from their home. What fragments of a plan that Seraphina had were quickly slipping away as night was falling. If they didn't find shelter soon, they would both freeze to death. Finding a poliziotto was out of the question. If the police discovered them, surely they would be taken back home. What would happen when the police found their parents dead? What next? An orphanage? Surely, life on the streets was better than that… These thoughts plagued Seraphina as she took one corner after the next. They snuck aimlessly around the city of Volterra, searching for any shambles of a shelter. But Seraphina knew that the wandering could not last much longer; Johanna's legs were giving out from fatigue and cold, and she was feeling the effects herself of fatigue. "How much farther?" Johanna asked. "Not long now," Seraphina replied kindly. "S-Sera…I'm cold…" "I know Jo, I am too," "Can we h-h-hurry?" As they rounded the next corner, Johanna slipped and fell to the ground. Seraphina leaned down to help her up, but Johanna would not budge. "Jo, come on, you need to get up," Seraphina practically begged. "I c-c-can't!" Johanna sobbed. "Please Joey, you can do it…" Seraphina yanked on Johanna's arm, but her own legs collapsed in her effort. Seraphina fell to the ground next to Johanna, landing with a slap . Seraphina let out a cry of despair. She did not want to die; she didn't want Johanna to die. She was afraid that she wouldn't be able to escape her parents, even in heaven. Or hell, whichever… A silhouetted figure stepped around the corner in front of them, and walked towards them swiftly. Seraphina used her arms to sit up. Her heart began to pound as the silhouette drew nearer. The figure spoke just as she began to scramble to her feet. "No, child! Do not be afraid…" The voice was that of a woman's, and the smoothness of it drew Seraphina's attention. "Who-who are you?" Seraphina said through her chattering teeth. "My name is Heidi; what are your names?" "I'm Seraphina, and this is my sister, Johanna." "Nice to meet you, Seraphina and Johanna," Heidi replied. "Now, what are you two doing out in this cold?" Seraphina chose her words carefully. "We were…uh…we're…lost." "…lost?" "Mm-hmm," "Aren't your parents worried about you?" "No, they're not!" Johanna piped up from the ground. Her body was shaking violently as she struggled to her knees. "Where are they?" Heidi asked. "They're gone; not here." Seraphina threw in quickly before Johanna could respond. Heidi crinkled her brows, thinking about the child's reply. Deciding not to question them, she leaned down to their level. "Listen to me; I know a place where you two can go to warm up, and have a good meal." Seraphina's heart leapt. "Really?" she squeaked. Heidi smiled kindly, and reached her hands towards them. "Yes, but you both have to follow me right now," Seraphina nodded, and grabbed her hand. Johanna was pulled onto her feet, and took Heidi's other hand. Heidi smiled in triumph; Jane would be pleased to have her favorite meal delivered: little children. Heidi took them to a stone archway entrance to a hallway. Inside of the hallway was a group of twenty or thirty people, all talking excitedly to one another. Heidi released the girls' hands, and left them in the back of the group. "Stay here," she instructed. Seraphina nodded, and took Johanna's hand. Heidi slithered in between the people to the front of the group. " Buonasera, welcome to the tour of the most historical city in all of Italy; Volterra!" The crowd clapped politely as Heidi began speaking. Seraphina and Johanna could not hear her words, even though they struggled to hear. After a few short moments, the crowd began to move down the hallway in a mass. The crowd moved surprisingly quickly for being in such a large number. Johanna could not keep up the pace; her legs were just too tired. Seraphina dragged her patiently behind the crowd, but they were falling behind rapidly. "Sera, wait!" "Come on, Johanna! We'll be in a warm place soon!" The two girls broke into a clumsy jog, running after the group. But when they turned the corner, they watched the doors of a massive elevator close, and the numbers of the indicator move downwards as the group traveled into the lower levels. Tears welled up in Seraphina's eyes. Well, there goes that plan… She closed her eyes, and turned her head away from Johanna. "What's wrong?" Johanna asked quietly. "…nothing. We're just going to have to find another way down." Seraphina replied quietly. "Let's go this way." Seraphina led Johanna around the next corner, and to a door at the end of the hallway. The door was heavy, but the both of them were able to get it open. Behind the door were flights of stairs, going up and down. A smile spread across Seraphina's face as she suddenly recognized the corridor. "Come on! I know where to go!" The girls jogged down the stairs in rhythm with each other. They reached the bottom of the stairs quickly, and went through the door. A wave of much-needed warmth washed over them. Johanna let out a grateful sigh, and they both walked further into the room. The room was large, decorated with plush couches, paintings, flowers, and rugs. Music was playing quietly in the background. A woman walked out from behind a shelf, and turned up the music. Seraphina stiffened as the woman wandered back behind the desk. I hope she didn't see us… Johanna jumped up onto one of the couches, and sat down, rubbing her hands together for warmth. Seraphina listened intently as a faint sound of screaming trickled through the air. Her eyes widened, and she jogged over to Johanna. "Johanna! You wanna hear a story?" she said urgently. Johanna blinked twice in confusion. "…yeah, okay…" Seraphina scrambled for words. "Ah…" Reaching out with her hand, she touched Johanna's bared hands. She closed her eyes, and concentrated on the memory of a dream she'd once had. She could see the picture forming in Johanna's mind. "Once upon a time," The screaming got momentarily louder, and Seraphina was thanking her lucky stars that the receptionist had turned the music up. "There was a princess. A beautiful princess who lived in a small village with her evil stepmother," The screaming abruptly stopped. She paused the story, and listened carefully. "The princess is so beautiful ! She looks a lot like you…" Johanna commented. Johanna closed her eyes, and lost herself in the memory that Seraphina was showing her. "Is this the dream you had last night?" "Uh, yeah, it is." "Keep going," "The evil stepmother was very mean to this princess, and made her clean and cook for her and her two ugly daughters." Johanna gasped, and grabbed the fabric on her sleeves. "The prince, who was the handsomest prince in the entire world, invited the ugly stepsisters and the evil stepmother to the ball-" Suddenly, the large wrought-iron door at the far end of the room burst open. Heidi stood in the doorway; her face slightly angry. Johanna cowered, dipping her head downward. "Did I tell you two children to stay there ?" she demanded. "Well, we got-" "Lost? You two seem to get lost a lot." Her voice was scathing, and reminded Seraphina of the tone that their mother used to use when she was angry. "Come here, now ." Seraphina grabbed Johanna's hand once more, and pulled her gently off of the couch. They walked towards Heidi with their heads down. Two men stepped out from behind Heidi in an instant. Both were tall, had an olive complexion, and dark hair. The taller of the two walked towards Seraphina as she neared him. He reached out, and grabbed her arm roughly. She let out a small cry of surprise as he dragged her towards the door. The other dark-haired one grabbed Johanna, and pulled her away from Seraphina. Seraphina's heart pounded as they neared the door. Heidi stepped aside and let them enter. The doors opened up to a large and grand room. Johanna looked up in wonder at the vaulted ceiling and marbled floors. Her gaze then fell on three men, all of whom were sitting in three elegant thrones. The one in the middle had an inquisitive expression, the one on his left