A/N: It's been a little while since I've been able to write. I lost my muse for a long time, but it's suddenly returned. This is an idea I've had for years, and never been able to write it down. I wrote this over the course of a week, and I've never felt such love. I hope you enjoy what I've done. For those of you awaiting updates on my other works, don't worry - this story have reinvigorated my writing fire. They will be up soon. Loves, Dani Jones A miracle… Simply a miracle… Marcus' precious wife stared at him intently, her faded crimson irises unblinking, yet, filled with a spark that he had not seen in almost a century. Her hand gripped his forearm tightly, her lips slackened. He could hear her words, though she did not speak them. " Hope , Marcus. " Marcus glanced to Aro, who sat in the leather armchair across from him. He stared intently out of the window with one hand on his jaw, his expression unreadable, but Marcus could feel the humiliation rolling off of him. It filled the cabin of the private plane, causing the accompanying passengers to dare not speak. They all looked amusingly out of place in their grandiose cloaks and battle attire aside the modern luxury suite of the refurbished jet. In the cabin with Marcus and Aro were their wives, Sulpicia and Didyme, along with Caius and his wife, Athenodora, Jane, Alec, Felix, Demetri, and Renata. Renata seldom left Aro's side, and only did so with a direct order. Apart from Chelsea's influence to make her feel loyal to her coven, she had a special adoration and love for her master. Marcus saw the genuine nature of the connection, and because of it, he did not mind that Renata was Aro's near-constant shadow. The flight was long, only made longer by the awful tension amongst the coven. Many of them were beginning to doubt the Volturi's true power. There was no doubt that Aro would see an end to that dissention. He would reaffirm his hold over them and the rest of the vampire world soon enough - what worried Marcus was how . But Aro's plot was not foremost on Marcus' mind. The child . That marvelous miracle child that Marcus could not put from his thoughts. Didyme neither could separate from her small angelic face and her large brown eyes. It was no secret that Marcus and Didyme had yearned and dreamt of a child together, despite their immortality and obvious inability due to their physiological makeup. Didyme eventually broke her yearning gaze, setting her head onto Marcus's shoulder. Athenodora glanced at the couple, clenching her fist in jealousy at her side away from Caius. How she wished her husband would touch her like that...make her feel special as Didyme felt every moment of her existence… She turned her head to look at Caius, who was staring with a scowl - exaggerated by his creased and angry brows - at the center glass table. Athenodora reached over slowly and set her hand atop his thigh, trying to give some comfort, but also to hint that she required some attention to quell her jealousy. Caius' head snapped up to look at her hand, then without lifting his head, his eyes moved up slowly with a dangerous expression. Athenodora recoiled, removing her hand quickly. Marcus did not miss this exchange. Caius turned his head away again, and Athenodora dipped hers downward, in simultaneous shame and disappointment. But Caius' foot suddenly moved, setting it gently against hers, but not on top of her toes. Caius was a proud, yet enigmatic creature. Outward shows of affection were not his forte, but he still held a love for his wife of 3000 years. Athenodora's lips tugged upward into a gentle smile, but she kept her head down. Even through his tough exterior, her husband had his small ways of showing his love for her. Sulpicia and Aro did not acknowledge one another. Didyme's eyes closed, and in her escape from reality, she daydreamed of a small brown wavy-haired child with green sparkling eyes. In the home of the Volturi, the Palazzo di Priori , a slender human jogged down the halls in her bared feet, rushing about to finish preparations for the coven's return. All essential members had vacated the castle to join with Aro in his confrontation with the alleged immortal child, leaving only the newborns and a handful of caretakers to keep them under control. Madeleine, the hired secretary (and longest-lasting employee) of the Volturi rather enjoyed not having to be in her heels. Though she was already statuesque and tall, Aro had alluded none-too-subtly toward his requirement for her to be well-groomed. " I do enjoy pretty things…" Aro had whispered in her ear, simultaneously brushing his finger down her pale jawline. His lips were curved into an austere smile, but his eyes glistened with silent expectation and a warning. Madeleine spent her entire first paycheck - a handsome sum at that - and spent it on as many acceptable items of clothing as possible. Madeleine was trained by the previous secretary, Valentina, before her sudden execution. Madeleine knew exactly what happened inside the walls of the fortezza . Unlike the other women, who bathed in the Volturi's lavish fortress and cashed the paychecks just as soon as they could get their manicured hands on them, Madeleine paid attention. She noticed the large groups going into the throne room, heard the screams, and saw the red-stained grout of the marble throne room before it could be properly bleached out. It was not before long that she was let in on the secret. Once she was told, she was bound. After Valentina was killed, she knew that she had to be perfect at her job. After all, Valentina was killed for a simple spelling and not-so-simple grammar mistake. Madeleine was grateful for her private education, for syntax and language would not be an issue for her. The hardest part was forming to the masters' demands, once they learned how competent she really was. Madeleine was a simple girl who grew up in the French countryside with her ambassador parents. Her mother was Welsh and her father was American. Her parents took her with them to Italy and left her to wander the city while they met with foreign dignitaries. Madeleine wandered too far off of the designated path, ending up in a strange alcove which looked as though it had not been disturbed in centuries. From there, she was somewhat taken into custody, and interrogated by the angrier of the masters, Caius. The dark-haired smiley one forbade him from using draconian methods, instead offering her a position of employment in their fortress. She learned that day that she would never see her parents or school friends ever again. Madeleine joked inwardly that she was lucky that the vampires had just eaten, and their thirst was quenched when she traipsed into their castle. It was a dark joke, but really, it was the only way to survive. Madeleine finished the final preparations, setting fresh flowers in the vases around the castle, ensuring that the tapestry in the far east hallway had been repaired and re-hung just as it was before, and finally, retrieving the masters' dry cleaning and hanging it on the outsides of their private chamber doors. Madeleine was forbidden to enter such an intimate and private area of the masters', but it didn't matter; she wouldn't intrude anyway. Her own chamber was modest, a smaller full-sized bed in the place of the large queen four-poster that was there before, only a desk and armchair filling the remainder of the space. Madeleine was allowed to borrow whatever books she wanted from the masters' expansive libraries, which would last any human more than 1000 lifetimes. It was her only link that kept her sane. Madeleine heard the convoy of vehicles rumble into the underground parking structure, scrambling to get her heels back on, strapping them into the clasps and managing to stand up straight just as the doors opened. The grey-cloaked guard entered first, two of them holding open the gargantuan doors for the masters. Madeleine reached behind her and picked up a pile of post from atop her desk, setting it on a silver tray and holding it at attention as Aro swept toward her. Her eyes widened a bit at their incredibly intimidating garb, not having seen them before they left for America. Aro put on a wide grin, walking to Madeleine and picking the mail up off of the tray, holding the moderately sized stack in his hand. He sifted through it quickly, faster than a human could see, tucking it neatly inside of his cloak. "I presume nothing of importance requires our attention?" "Not immediately, master," Madeleine replied evenly, "nothing more pertinent than what you have been attending...to..." She hesitated as she finished her sentence, seeing Aro's smile twitch, and the change in his eyes. It hasn't gone well, she thought worriedly. She was terrified for a moment that Aro would strike her down then and there for her insolence, but he did not. He tapped his palms together daintily, giving a soft and thoughtful "hmph" before blurring away. The rest of the guard disintegrated, leaving Madeleine standing at attention with her heart thumping quickly. It quieted after she let out a breath she was unaware she was holding. Thankful for the brief interaction, Madeleine sat down at her desk and began her daily duties. "Didyme?" The golden-haired goddess sighed, her attention snapping back to Marcus, on whose lap her head was resting as he recited an epic poem, one of her favorites.. "What's wrong?" "I am sorry, amore mio , but I cannot keep my mind straight." she sighed, quirking her lips to the side. Marcus smoothed his hand through her hair, his eyes sympathetic and concerned. "Tell me…" She stared straight into his face, admitting in a quiet voice. "The child...the child is the answer to our dreams." Marcus crinkled his brows. "How so, my darling? She was conceived and birthed from a human...vampire females cannot…" He trailed off, knowing just how hurtful his true words were to his wife. He hugged her close, moving her off of his lap and into his arms. "I am sorry, I did not mean to-" "We could surrogate." Marcus paused as Didyme spoke suddenly, her voice steady, and firm. "...what?" "We could use a surrogate, Marcus. Someone who could birth a child that is yours. It would belong to the both of us. Oh, Marcus...we could create a child of our own!" Marcus' eyes were thoughtful, trying to decide in his mind if what she was proposing was a true possibility, or if she was suffering from visions of grandeur. Even if her wish was a possibility, getting the approval of Aro and Caius would be nigh impossible. Though Aro would be delighted at the prospect of a hybrid child to study, he wouldn't risk the commitment and probably liability a child of strange origins would require. Besides...what if things went awry? What if the child had to be ended, just as was little Renesmee's fate? Didyme tugged on her husband's sleeve. "Please?" she whispered again. Marcus leaned forward and pecked her lips. "I promise that I will raise the subject at the next council meeting." Didyme smiled, leaning against Marcus and snuggling into his chest. He hugged her close, closing his eyes. The rest of the night was observed in silence as they rested their minds. However quiet though, Marcus could not push the vision of a small child out of his mind. Madeleine awoke the next morning as her alarm chirped, shutting it off and dragging herself out of bed before she could fall back asleep. She scuffled to the drapes on the opposite wall, opening them and hanging them on the hooks