A/N: I seem to have forgotten the disclaimer. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or the characters therein. However, I do claim my ongoing project called, The Game , and any original characters that pertain to The Game as my own. Chapter 1 Sanctuary I wish I could feel the cold, thought Leah Clearwater as she weaved a fast pace through the wilderness. It was early February, and she was patrolling the edge of the pack's boundary. The pack, that she is a part of, a pack of shape-shifters, the Quileute shape-shifters, and all of them are wolves. She didn't like it. Before she became part of the pack, she was dating the pack's alpha, Sam Uley. That ended when Sam met her cousin Emily. He left her for her cousin. Bullshit, rang through her head, having fur beats all . It came from Jared Cameron, another member of the pack. One thing about the pack was the pack mind. It's very useful. When pack members have shifted to their wolf forms, their minds become interconnected and they can hear each others' thoughts and see each others' memories no matter how far away. It also has a downside. Each member can hear each others' thoughts. Anger boiled up in Leah. For ten years she has had to endure Sam's unending thoughts about her cousin Emily. She trembled in rage just thinking about it. She wanted to bite something. The thunderous crash of a tree falling brought Leah out of her haze of rage. She blinked at the ragged stump in front of her, and to her left at the fallen pine. Noting an odd taste in her mouth, Leah spat out wooden chips and splinters and tree bark. She did bite something, apparently. Off in the distance came the faint crash of another falling tree. Ah, damn, came Jared's thought, I chewed through a tree. That was another thing about the pack mind share. Every pack member could feel each others' emotions. Sorry, Leah responded sheepishly. Noticing that she wasn't moving, Leah took off, returning to her patrol. I know it still hurts, Jared empathized, but please try to keep it in check for the rest of our patrol. You can let loose the next time you're on patrol with Sam. Ha! that cheered Leah. She had been terribly bitter and angry about Sam imprinting on her cousin, she was sure that the other members of the pack didn't like her. Hey! That's not fair to Seth, Jared responded to what was going through her head. That was right, her younger brother Seth was part of the pack. Yeah, he was probably the only one that liked her. Hey! That's not fair to me. Leah had to stop running, she was laughing to hard. Though it could hardly be called laughing, more like growling and wheezing, she was patrolling as a wolf, after all. Sorry, sorry, she apologized, but you're just as bad, always thinking about Kim. It's the only way I can counter Sam, Paul and Quil, Jared thought unrepentantly. He had imprinted on Kim around ten years back and they've been a couple ever since. Leah was happy for them. Thanks, he replied happily. Sam and Jared weren't the only ones to imprint. Paul Lahote and Quil Ateara V also imprinted. Paul imprinted on Rachel Black, the older sister of Jacob Black, another pack member, around the time Jared imprinted. Before he imprinted, Paul was the biggest hothead of the pack. Since then, he has cooled off greatly. Much to everyone's amusement. And Quil. Around the time Jared and Paul imprinted, Quil imprinted on Claire Young, Leah's second niece once removed. Claire was two years old then. The two of them are inseparable now. It has been interesting for Leah to watch her niece grow up through Quil's eyes. The little prankster. Jared's laughter about Leah's thoughts cut short, and she felt a chill run down her spine. Jared? What's wrong? Leah asked, her question laced with concern. Then she felt rage. There weren't many things that could make a wolf shifter angry while on an uneventful patrol. Whatever Jared felt wasn't good. Vampire, he hissed, confirming Leah's suspicion. She changed direction, racing toward him. I'm coming to you, Leah growled, let's take it together, safer that way. While it was possible for one of the pack to kill a vampire, it was always easier when there were two or more shifters. I'll wait, get here quickly, Jared urged. Leah would have smiled, but as a wolf, she could never tell. Feh, yeah, she responded lightly. Everyone knew she was the fastest wolf in the pack. She bolted through the trees, eking out even more speed as she raced to her pack mate. As far as vampire intrusions went, they were uncommon. Maybe one or two vampires every two or three months on average. The pack seldom caught an intruder, but the pack can proudly state that there have not been any deaths via vampire within their territory for the past decade. There once was a coven of 'vegetarian' vampires that lived on the outskirts of Forks, a town close to the La Push reservation. But they left ten years ago. 'Everything was ten years ago,' Leah thought to herself. This leech is strange, Jared sounded confused. That piqued Leah's interest. Strange? How? she asked. Every piece of information about this vampire could make it easier to kill. She's standing at the boundary line, Jared responded, just standing there doing nothing. I feel like I know her. Deja vu? Leah asked. The mahogany waves of hair, pale skin, and soft features of the leech's face seen through Jared's eyes definitely seemed familiar to her, but she couldn't think of how or why. Yeah, came the answer, but she definitely knows I'm out here. Oh, really? Leah returned. I'm almost there. She heard his answering chuckle in her head, Her ears and nose twitched, so yeah, she can hear me and smell me. Well, Leah chuckled, it's no fun if we don't disturb their sensibilities. Hah, deadpanned Jared. A second later, Leah stopped next to Jared, although it could be described more like skidding than stopping, and she froze as if she hit a wall. In a way she did. The scent this vampire was giving off was so sweet and cloying that it might as well have been a wall. But it confused her, Leah wasn't repulsed by it. She turned to Jared. Are you sure she's a vampire? Leah asked. He turned to her, an incredulous expression on his furry mug. She has red eyes and smells like candy on fire, Jared answered as if she didn't have a clue, so yes, I'm sure. She smells like a field of wildflowers to me, Leah returned to him. Jared looked at her as if she were a space alien. She wasn't sure she liked that look. Are you sure that tree didn't hit you? he asked. The tree didn't hit me, she growled, I hit the tree. Jared backed away a step. Oh, come on! "Excuse me." The melodic voice pulled Jared and Leah out of their conversation and they turned to the vampire they had momentarily forgotten. The moment Leah's brown eyes met the vampire's crimson ones, something happened. Leah couldn't look away. She didn't want to. It was like this vampire was pulling her in, and she couldn't get away. There was nothing else, just those brilliant crimson eyes. Like they were her center, her everything. And there was warmth. It started in her chest, and spread, to her paws and to her nose and to her tail. And it was getting hotter, like she would burst into flames. Nothing mattered to Leah other than the pleasant heat and the crimson eyes that she couldn't escape. Aw, shit, Jared's words intruded on her reverie, but didn't completely pull her from it. What? Leah distractedly asked. It was those eyes, she couldn't remember seeing anything so beautiful. You imprinted, he answered, on the leech. That stopped Leah cold. What? she started to tremble. WHAT?! Leah started to emit a loud, threatening growl, and her trembling became more pronounced and erratic. How? How the hell could this happen? How in the name of all that stank like three day old burning shit could she have imprinted on a vampire? And not just any vampire, but a woman on top of that! Leah stopped. A woman? Her shocked mind stopped working. Jared was making a real effort not to laugh, but there was a part of him that was horrified and concerned at the same time. He had wanted Leah to imprint on someone so that she could let go of that part of her that was still holding on to Sam. And now it happened. He knew he should feel happy, but Leah's imprint is a vampire, one that has red eyes. A vampire with red eyes meant that it drank human blood. The vampire coven that lived in Forks ten years ago had golden eyes because they drank the blood of animals. Jared didn't mind that Leah's imprint was a woman, but this woman definitely didn't have golden eyes. This would cause trouble with the pack. He was starting to get a headache. The vampire groaned, which pulled Jared's attention away from his musings. The leech didn't appear to be in pain, just exasperated. "This could be going better," she mumbled to herself, "but it's not as bad as I expected." Jared couldn't figure if she was talking about the imprint or her possibly impending doom. She probably didn't know about the imprint. The vampire raised her arms slowly, arms out, bent upwards at the elbow; a universal sign for surrender. The vampire started speaking again, "Pardon me, but I would like to speak to you." The weirdness just kept piling up. Jared was having trouble with this. Leah was unresponsive, and it looked like the bloodsucker was surrendering, but that could be a trap. Jared slowly stepped out of the cover of the trees and into the clearing. The vampire stood dead still. Her eyebrows raised when her eyes fell upon Jared's wolf form. "You aren't a normal wolf, are you?" she asked. Jared shook his large head as a negative. "But this is your territory," she stated. Jared nodded affirmative. "Do you follow a basic pack structure?" she asked and he nodded. "Are you the alpha?" she asked. He shook his head. The vampire, without looking away from him, slowly lowered her right arm, pulled an object from the pocket of her pants, and raised her arm again. Jared could clearly see that it was a cellphone. "Are you human?" she asked. Jared tilted his head, then nodded. "May I speak to your alpha? You can use this if you don't want to leave," and with that her hand twitched and the phone sailed through the air towards him. It landed and skidded to a stop at his feet. Jared gingerly nabbed the small object with his maw, not wanting to crush it between his teeth, and slowly backed into the trees. He phased back to his human form, but he was still wary. He looked to Leah, still unresponsive. If it wasn't for her heart beat, he would have been convinced that she was a statue. Jared donned a pair of shorts from a pouch tied to his ankle and walked out of the trees. His eyes settled on the vampire and was surprised to find that her expression almost looked pleading. Using the given cellphone, Jared dialed a familiar number. After a series of rings, the line was answered. "Do you have any idea what time it is right now?" came Sam's sleepy growl. He was not happy. "Sam, it's Jared," he started, "Leah and I found something that you really need to come see for yourself." A few seconds passed. "It's almost