Mrs. Mosey Brown had lived in the 13, Privet Drive ever since she had married Mr. Brown about three decades ago. They had raised their three children in the suburb of Little Whinging. Mrs. Brown had lived alone in the house after Mr. Brown had passed away few years back due to a sudden cardiac episode. Her children had moved out ages ago, hardly keeping any contact with her; telephoning once or twice a year on birthday or Christmas. This separation couldn't only be blamed on Mrs. Brown's kids. The truth was the loneliness had twisted their mother, from a kind-hearted but with stern exterior lady they remembered their mother had morphed into a vexatious if somewhat bitter old women. To pass her time, Mrs. Brown had tried to take care of her garden which had transformed into a dead and decayed grey mess in the absence for her husband, who used to take care of it. However gardening enabled her primary hobby- gossiping. Every moment she spent in the garden was used to spy on her neighbours. She had made an unlikely friendship with Mrs. Susan Rice who lived in the magnolia crescent and like Mrs. Brown, was a widow. They both would visit each other's house daily to eagerly discuss every new happening in their surroundings. The summer of 1993 had seen Mrs. Brown being particularly irked by the obnoxious behaviour of the Dursleys who lived opposite her home. After they had moved into the neighbourhood, the Dursleys had lorded their money over their neighbours. Vernon Dursley, who worked some cushy job in in some drilling corporation, was particularly repulsive in flouting the money. His wife, the long necked giraffe, Petunia Dursley was almost as infamous as Mrs. Brown for poking her nose in other people's affairs. Even the Dursleys' son was as obnoxious as his parents, always terrorizing other kids in their locality. So suffice to say, Dursleys were not particularly liked in the locality of civil workers. This summer Vernon had bought some luxurious car and Dursleys in particularly irksome had been shown off their car, admiring it in loud voices so that everyone in the street could notice it. They were also accompanied by their baby whale of a son, Dudley. Mrs. Brown was also worked up about him and his gang, which she was sure, had broken into her garage. On one evening when she was busy watching the evening edition of news, she was disturbed by the shouts of 'MARGE!' She recognized it as the voice of Vernon Dursley and immediately moved to window to see what the matter was. What she saw made her jaw dropped to floor and her eyes go round. Vernon was holding on to some giant balloon which was slowing rising in the air. A dog was hanging from the leg of Vernon. Before they could rise any further Vernon's hand slipped from the balloon (which she later realized was a very fat woman) and he fell flat on the ground on his face. Vernon rose and watch her sister fly away. Then angrily, he stormed back into his home. GO BACK OUT THERE!' Vernon bellowed, she could hear clearly even in her room. 'GO BACK AND PUT HER RIGHT!' Then she saw the strange nephew of Dursleys, Harry Potter, dragging his trunk across the road towards the junction of Crescent and Drive. "Good riddance", she thought. Potter was notorious in the neighbourhood because astoundingly Dursleys themselves had admitted that their nephew attended St. Brutus's Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys. Before she could move back to her chair and reflect upon what had happened, a giant triple-decker, violently purple bus appeared out of thin air. Mrs. Brown removed her glasses and wiped her glasses with the edge of her dress. She put her glasses back on and gazed in the direction the strange bus. Amazingly enough it was still there, the gold lettering over the windshield spelled The Knight Bus. She saw Potter talking with a young man who was dressed in a robe of all things. "Youngsters and their abominable clothes", she muttered. She was Potter climb into the bus and the bus disappeared as if it had dissolved into the thin air as if by magic. Mrs. Brown stunned by what she had seen in the last few minutes, collapsed into her arm chair. A woman as big as a giant balloon flying, buses materializing out of thin air and vanishing the same, had greatly unsettled Mrs. Brown. She moved and swiftly picked up the phone to inform Susan about what had happened tonight just then her bell rang. She put down the receiver and rose to open the door. She was greeted by two persons dressed in a weird sort of green robes. The older of them, a round faced man with small stature and with an equally round belly, greeted her, "Pardon us for interrupting you at this late hour Ma'am. Our department received reports of some bizarre happenings in your neighbourhood. Did you witness any such incidents Ma'am?" Mrs. Brown eager to share what she had seen quickly regaled them with what she had seen. After hearing her account, the younger of them, a blonde-haired woman in her early 20s raised a thin stick of wood and pointed it toward Mrs. Brown. "Please do not move, it will only lengthen the time to the wipe." The stick flashed white and Mrs. Brown knew nothing more. Meanwhile in the knight bus the thirteen year old wizard Harry Potter was busy having a panic attack about what to do. He was on the run from the wizards because he had performed magic in variance to the magical law. Harry cursed Dursleys for being such a poor family, Marge for being a poor aunt, Ripper for being a poor dog, and, knight bus for being another bad example of magical transport. What Harry was most upset about was his own anger. He hoped that Marge wasn't hurt too severely. Ever since the incident in down the Chamber of Secrets, Harry's magic was entirely too agitated to be as angry as he really was at Marge. Since he had been bitten by basilisk, Harry had found his magic unstable and chaotic, always eager to be used. Harry, in his anger, had given into the call of his magic. However the end result was not pretty. Harry was particularly thankful that he had no exams previous year otherwise he would have failed those exams. Practicing the spells had always come easy to him, but the instability of his magic rendered him unable to do so. He could only barely manage to even levitate the sock he was practicing on. He looked around the bus and saw that Stan had unfurled a copy of the Daily Prophet and was now reading with his tongue between his teeth. A large photograph of a sunken-faced man with long, matted hair blinked slowly at Harry from the front page. He looked strangely familiar. "That man!" Harry said, forgetting his troubles for a moment. "He was on the Muggle news!" Stan turned to the front page and chuckled. "Sirius Black," he said, nodding. "'Course 'e was on the Muggle news, Neville, where you been?" He gave a superior sort of chuckle at the blank look on Harry's face, removed the front page, and handed it to Harry. "You oughta read the papers more, Neville." Harry held the paper up to the candlelight and read: BLACK STILL AT LARGE Sirius Black, possibly the most infamous prisoner ever to be held in Azkaban fortress, is still eluding capture, the Ministry of Magic confirmed today. "We are doing all we can to recapture Black," said the Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge, this morning, "and we beg the magical community to remain calm." Fudge has been criticized by some members of the International Federation of Warlocks for informing the Muggle Prime Minister of the crisis. "Well, really, I had to, don't you know," said an irritable Fudge. "Black is mad. He's a danger to anyone who crosses him, magic or Muggle. I have the Prime Minister's assurance that he will not breathe a word of Black's true identity to anyone. And let's face it — who'd believe him if he did?" While Muggles have been told that Black is carrying a gun (a kind of metal wand that Muggles use to kill each other), the magical community lives in fear of a massacre like that of twelve years ago, when Black murdered thirteen people with a single curse. Harry looked into the shadowed eyes of Sirius Black, the only part of the sunken face that seemed alive. Harry had never met a vampire, but he had seen pictures of them in his Defense Against the Dark Arts classes, and Black, with his waxy white skin, looked just like one. "Scary-lookin' fing, inee?" said Stan, who had been watching Harry read. "He murdered thirteen people," said Harry, handing the page back to Stan, "with one curse?" "Yep," said Stan, "in front of witnesses an' all. Broad daylight. Big trouble it caused, dinnit, Ern?" "Ar," said Ern darkly. Stan swiveled in his armchair, his hands on the back, the better to look at Harry. "Black woz a big supporter of You-Know-'Oo," he said. "What, Voldemort?" said Harry, without thinking. Even Stan's pimples went white; Ern jerked the steering wheel so hard that a whole farmhouse had to jump aside to avoid the bus. "You outta your tree?" yelped Stan. "'Choo say 'is name for?" "Sorry," said Harry hastily. "Sorry, I — I forgot —" "Forgot!" said Stan weakly. "Blimey, my 'eart's goin' that fast . . ." "So — so Black was a supporter of You-Know-Who?" Harry prompted apologetically. "Yeah," said Stan, still rubbing his chest. "Yeah, that's right. Very close to You-Know-'Oo, they say. Anyway, when little 'Arry Potter got the better of You-Know-'Oo —" Harry nervously flattened his bangs down again. "— all You-Know-'Oo's supporters was tracked down, wasn't they, Ern? Most of 'em knew it was all over, wiv You-Know-'Oo gone, and they came quiet. But not Sirius Black. I 'eard he thought 'e'd be second-in-command once You-Know-'Oo 'ad taken over. "Anyway, they cornered Black in the middle of a street full of Muggles an' Black took out 'is wand and 'e blasted 'alf the street apart, an' a wizard got it, an' so did a dozen Muggles what got in the way. 'Orrible, eh? An' you know what Black did then?" Stan continued in a dramatic whisper. "What?" said Harry. "Laughed," said Stan. "Jus' stood there an' laughed. An' when reinforcements from the Ministry of Magic got there, 'e went wiv 'em quiet as anyfink, still laughing 'is 'ead off. 'Cos 'e's mad, inee, Ern? Inee mad?" "If he weren't when he went to Azkaban, he will be now," said Ern in his slow voice. "I'd blow meself up before I set foot in that place. Serves him right, mind you . . . after what he did. . . ." "They 'ad a job coverin' it up, din' they, Ern?" Stan said. "'Ole street blown up an' all them Muggles dead. What was it they said 'ad 'appened, Ern?" "Gas explosion," grunted Ernie. "An' now 'e's out," said Stan, examining the newspaper picture of Black's gaunt face again. "Never been a breakout from Azkaban before, 'as there, Ern? Beats me 'ow 'e did it. Frightenin', eh? Mind, I don't fancy 'is chances against them Azkaban guards, eh, Ern?" Ernie suddenly shivered. "Talk about summat else, Stan, there's a good lad. Them Azkaban guards give me the collywobbles." Stan put the paper away reluctantly, and Harry leaned against the window of the Knight Bus, feeling worse than ever. He couldn't help imagining what Stan might be telling his passengers in a few nights' time. "'Ear about that 'Arry Potter? Blew up 'is aunt! We 'ad 'im 'ere on the Knight Bus, di'n't we, Ern?