Chapter One: User Agreement EDWARD CULLEN I. By accessing these materials, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using, accessing or discussing the contents therein. The materials contained this agreement are protected by applicable trade mark and confidentiality law. When I was a little kid, there was nothing I loved more than chocolate and my piano. My favorite movie was Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. I had always imagined myself as Charlie; hoping that I would one day unwrap a Swan Sweet Chocolate bar and find a golden ticket winking out at me. When all the other kids said they wanted to be firefighters and astronauts, I wanted to be a chocolatier when I grew up. I work at Swan Sweet Chocolates, but I sure as hell am not a chocolatier. In fact, I don't even see the chocolates in my day-to-day activities. I spend my days behind the computer, doing research, organizing reports, collating presentation copies. I'm convinced that my job is one of the Seven Circles of Hell. I really don't mind the grunt work, though. In fact, it wouldn't be fair to compare my job to Hell, except for one thing: my boss is literally Satan. I mean it. She's the devil in Steve Madden pumps. When I first started working at Swan Sweet, I was bright-eyed and bushy tailed, fresh out of an overpriced college that I followed with a top notch culinary school. I had worked under Michelin starred pastry chefs, I'd travelled the world to taste and bake things that would literally stop your heart and send you on a one way trip to Heaven. I was the shit. And the company knew it. I hadn't been at Swan Sweets for three months before I had received two promotions. I remember the day that Garrett Pace himself had descended from the high throne of the Board of Directors to meet little old me as I walked into the building for another day of work. "You keep doing what you're doing, and you'll be going to high places, kid," he said to me. He'd slapped me on the back like a proud father who's son just struck a home run. I couldn't keep the shit-eating grin off my face when he walked me to a bright and shiny new office. I mean, it was the real deal. Glass walls, a sweet view, and even my own secretary. Okay, I had to share the secretary, but holy hell, I had my own secretary. My ass had barely kissed the leather chair that stood proudly behind the desk when Satan walked into the room. They always tell you that Satan appears to you as an angel of light. And that, she did. She was fucking gorgeous. I don't use the word lightly, but it's the only word that comes close to doing her justice. Long, milk chocolate colored hair that shone gold in the sun like the ticket I'd always looked for. It tumbled down around her shoulders and dared me to run my fingers through it. Deep, warm pools of coffee colored eyes that looked right through you and made you feel worthless. When they looked at me then, the quick flare of surprise and recognition was chased quickly away by icy indifference. Plump, soft lips that could kill a man. They had tipped into a small, almost imperceptible frown at the time. The Devil sure didn't play fair. I knew I was fucked. But despite the fire that she ignited in my loins, and whisper of my conscience telling me to chill out, I was consumed by an inferno of hatred. I had sat my ass down in my chair defiantly, and crossed my arms as I waited for her next move. When I heard her voice again, after seven years of trying to forget what she sounded like, she wasn't even speaking to me. "Mr. Pace, did my father approve this promotion?" I had forgotten that Garrett was standing in the room, looking between me and Satan, trying to figure out how we knew each other. He cleared his throat when he was addressed and handed the devil a sheet of paper that undoubtedly had Charlie Swan's signature at the bottom, clearing me for the promotion that had awarded me the office she was currently standing in. Her eyes didn't leave mine as she took the paper from Garrett and ripped it in half. I had to give it to her. The action didn't come off as petty or childlike. She didn't even blink. If I didn't know her better, I would've probably been scared shitless. But something about anger and hate makes you bold. "Please return to your assigned desk, Mr. Cullen," she said as she handed the torn sheet back to Garrett. I hadn't looked at the man, but he had probably been shocked dumb. "There has been an error. There is no promotion." "My name is stenciled into the glass," I challenged. A large part of me had mistakenly believed that she didn't have the power to take my promotion away. I was stupid. "A mistake," she answered icily. "Please return to your assigned de-" "You can go fuck yourself," I had fumed, interrupting her. I even stood up to assert my dominance. She didn't flinch when I approached her. "I earned this promotion. Nobody out there can do this job as well as me, and you know it." "Mr. Pace, please ensure that Mr. Cullen returns to his assigned desk," she said to Garrett, all the while never breaking eye contact with me. I finally broke her gaze and looked over at Garrett. I was incredulous at the look on his face. It was really happening. I hadn't even been in my new office a full hour, and Satan was ripping my promotion away from me. And there was nothing I could do about it, except save my dignity and stay silent. Once she was assured of her victory, Satan turned on her heel and clicked away. "I-I am so sorry, Edward," Garrett said to me when Satan was out of earshot. "I've never seen Isabella behave that way. I will try my absolute best to sort this out, I-" "Don't worry about it, Mr. Pace," I answered him. I knew that there was nothing that he, I, or anyone else could've done about it. "At least I don't have to move all my stuff," I shrugged. Garrett gave me a sorry smile as I went back to my desk. That was two years ago. So, why did I stay at Swan Sweets? It's a question I ask myself daily, and I still don't know the answer. Garrett had secured me pay raises here and there. He'd even given me more and more titles and responsibilities. For all intents and purposes, I am a junior manager without the office. A junior-junior manager, if you will. I lift my eyes from my work to the office that should've been mine. Jasper Whitlock strides around the room now, talking into his bluetooth. He's making grand gestures as he paces back and forth, so I know he's working hard to close a deal. I respect the guy, and I don't blame him for Satan's decision to promote him over me. Doesn't mean I don't want his office, though. I'm so distracted with thoughts of revenge that I almost miss an e-mail that I just received. It's from corporate, and they're inviting me to a meeting upstairs that starts in... 6 minutes. I curse and jump out of my chair. There's barely enough time to grab my binder of research and a notepad, before racing to the elevators. Four minutes. Jesus Christ. I'm going to be late to the first corporate meeting of the quarter because I was too busy dreaming up ways to bring Satan to her knees. As soon as the words cross my mind, they're followed by a shadowy memory of the days when I knew what it was like to have Satan on her knees before me, lips wrapped around me, pushing me into the hot cavern of her mouth. Embarrassed, and instantly pissed at myself and her, I push the memory away with a cold determination. That was the past. Two minutes. The organization of the building prevents certain elevators from reaching certain floors. It's great on a normal day because I never have to worry that I'll be caught in an awkward elevator ride with the devil. Today, it's a nuisance because I have to take the elevator down to the fourth floor and race across the floor to the E elevators that will take me to the executive level. One minute. My watch is not my friend as I watch the second hand race past. Thirty seconds. I'm on the floor and I contemplate running to the conference room, but I don't want to look like a wet-behind the ears associate. I don't know what the meeting's about, but I know that being late won't help my chances if I want a future in corporate. I get to the room a full two minutes after the meeting is due to start, but color me confused. The room is empty; but at the head of the long, oak table, Charlie Swan himself sits, reading something apparently intriguing. Two men and a stern looking blonde are sitting to his left. I clear my throat, and Charlie looks up. "Oh, yes, Edward!" he says warmly, as if he and I are old friends. I've only met the guy once in my life, and that was at the job orientation. I offer him a warm smile anyways. He's a stern old bastard who retired from his position as Chief of Police to open up a candy factory. He's crazy as all hell. A real Willy Wonka. But I respect the shit out of him. "Mr. Swan," I greet as I step further into the room. I'm glad my confusion doesn't show in my voice. "Come, have a seat," he points to a chair to his right, and I oblige him. He sets down his reading materials, and I'm not the least bit surprised that it's a book about fishing. From the looks of it, he's scribbled corrections to the text in the margins. I bite my lip to keep from laughing. "This is Ms. Rosalie Hale," he says, introducing the blonde woman. "And these are her associates, Michael Newton and Tyler Crowley." I smile pleasantly at them, but I don't say anything because I'm still confused as hell. I've never heard of these people, but the way Charlie introduces them makes me think that they're pretty important. "Ms. Hale is an extremely adept manager of a cocoa bean importing and refining company on the East Coast," Charlie continues, smiling paternally at the woman who's beautiful, but has the personality of a glacier. "We're interested in a mutually beneficial relationship with Hale Partnerships. Like all diligent businesswomen, she's here to learn more about us, isn't that right?" Learn more about us? I almost snort. More like tear us apart with an investigation to make sure that she doesn't lose a penny if she partners with us. I know that Charlie knows this, but he's playing the ruse of a sweet old grandpa who doesn't know any better. From the look of The Glacier, she's not buying it. "Swan Sweets is very thorough in reporting our financial assets -" I begin, opening my binder to provide evidence of the assertions I'm going to make. I didn't get a memo or an agenda, so I have no clue what points Charlie wants me to hit, but I'm gonna wing it. The Glacier cuts me off