Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight; all rights go to Stephenie Meyer. Chapter One Our Weird Behaviors Mean Nothing At All…Right? Rosalie I'm not sure what happened. One second I was flying, on the top of the world, skipping while shouting "hooray!" Then the next moment I'm sinking, buried alive, crawling out the door trying not to cry. Or at least that's what it felt like. It's my sixteenth birthday party, my Sweet Sixteen. Everything was supposed to be beautiful and classy, absolutely perfect! But suddenly it's not, the Devil himself came in wearing a suit and tie and Italian leather shoes. I went from up to down instantaneously. That stupid smile, so arrogant and smooth, flashing teeth and directed straight at me. Sauntering across the room in his usual step, I frantically looked for a way out. What's a girl supposed to do? You know deep down that he is wrong and bad and everything you momma warns you about. But goodness gracious I've never tasted something so addictive. One little bite of that unearthly desert and you'll never be the same. I felt beads of sweat forming and then the nausea. Everything in me screamed: run! But I was too slow and then I was too far gone. He reached out and grabbed both my hands in his. I was melting! Absolute putty in his hands. Boys should not be created like this; no one should be intelligent, handsome, and smooth. You should only get one of those, right? Oh that grin, he could seduce anyone. He can seduce anyone. That annoying voice of reason rang out clearly, actually he seduces everyone! "Do you think we can go talk somewhere?" He asks, leaning forward and whispering in my ear. A playful smirk and a nod towards the backyard accomplishes in silencing any voice of reason. I smile back and lead the way. The party, DJ, food, and alcohol are all inside. My parents are out and the bedrooms are all unlocked. Which means that outside is practically deserted. Even if it wasn't, I have a secret place. I talk him through the backyard to the pool, and his eyes alight with excitement. I suppress the urge to laugh as I drag him across the stone path and around the cabana. It's a few minutes walk, just around the west side of the house. "A tree house?" He asks, eyes wide. I throw back one of his playful smirks, as I raise my eyebrows. "You don't have to join me." I turn around and begin to climb up the questionable looking ladder. He was only a step behind me as we topple into the room. It's small and dark, but perfectly secluded. Of course he doesn't waste a moment, I taste alcohol and mint the moment he had his jacket off. His hands begin at the back of my head as he pulled me into a kiss, but moved quickly to my back and unzipped my dress halfway. He pushed me down on the wood paneled flooring and was pulling my dress down to just below my breasts in quick movements. His mouth trailed kisses down to my neck and cross my collar bone. I arched my back as he moved to undo my strapless bra. Cold air suddenly hit me, but left as suddenly because he had moved his hands to my chest. The way he wrapped his hands around me was a little rough, just like his tongue as it found mine. He was just rough enough that it was exhilarating. My fingers were securely twisted in his hair, pulling him closer. Breathlessly he pulled back, giving me a moment to unbutton his silky grey shirt. My fingers ran across the protruding abs and over his bicep muscles as I helped him out of the shirt. His bare chest against mine, lighting a fire in my core. He leaned down closer to me, making me feel as though we were breathing as one. He was thick and hard as he pushed himself down into my legs; the motion was slow at first. Driving himself down a little faster and harder the second time, causing me to moan out. No sixteen year old boy should have that much to be proud of. I felt him smirk against my lips right before I felt his hands moving to push up the tulle of my dress. His fingers found my shorts and were teasingly rubbing around for a few seconds; but long enough to cause my nerves to explode. We both move to help him out of his pants, leaving him in his boxers. The movements were awkward but that was quickly forgotten as he pulled my shorts off in an easier movements. His hands moved to my waist, fingers sprawling out and grabbing me around the waist. Pushing his hips down in-between my legs again with a little more force than before with quicker and multiple thrusts, underwear the only thing between us. He and I moan simultaneously which instantly deepens the already deep kiss. His fingers begin to feel around my waist, heating me to the point where I feel like my blood has to be boiling. I felt his fingers moved down to the top of my panties. "Rose," He mumbles against my lips, "You're feeling a little softer around the middle these days." His tongue immediately running across mine after he says those words. "Excuse me?" I ask, pushing up him back a little. "Did you just call me fat?" He groans, "No, oh god I'm an idiot. Forget I said anything." "No, you called me fat! How do I forget that?" I push him off me entirely, bringing my legs to my chest, closes them and fastening my arms around them. He has lost his mind if he thinks he's getting anywhere after a comment like that. He runs his fingers through his hair, "Come on, babe. I never said fat; I just meant you felt softer. Gaining a couple pounds was the best thing you've done to your body, you have these fantastic curv-" I held my hand up, "Don't you even think about finishing that sentence!" I move to climb out of the tree house, embarrassed and pissed off. Who does he think he is?! He scoffs, "Where are you going?" He exclaims, moving towards me trying to grab my arm. "I was momentarily delusional when I let your slimly ass touch me, it won't happen again." I spat as I pulled out of his hold and pull my dress up over my exposed breasts. "Well good luck finding someone to make out with your fat ass!" My eyes shot open, finding myself in my bedroom. I was hot and sweaty, not to mention tangled up in my blanket and sheets. I rubbed my eyes as I struggled to turn around to look at my alarm clock. 5:23 A.M., one hour and seven minutes before my alarm was actually supposed to go off. Great! I was afraid to close my eyes again and find myself back in my sixteen year old body reliving one of the worst moments of my life. I had left my bra and shorts up in that stupid tree house along with my self-esteem. I shook my head, as if that would make the terrible nightmare vanish from my brain. Untangling myself, I stumbled sleepily towards the bathroom; a good hot shower might wash away the memories. Alice "I hate men." I sigh out in frustration, "I mean is it really that hard to stay off your phone for an hour or two? It was a first date for crying out loud! Fancy dinner, wine, classical music playing in the backgr-" I look over at my friend across the table who is pushing around her measly looking salad, "Rose?" She looks up, her icy blue eyes not even focused, "Oh, yep. Men are assholes." "Hey, sorry I'm late!" A familiar voice calls out. Bella appears at our table looking winded and pulls out a chair, flopping down quickly. "I see you already ordered. "Correction." I say, pointing accusingly at Rose, "She already ordered. I have yet to even see our waiter. Rose apparently arrived way early." Rose rolls her eyes, "No you guys are simply late. I was hungry so I ordered." She looks over to Bella and gives her a bored look, pouting her cherry red lips, "Al here is complaining about her train wreck date." Bella turns to me as she unravels her long brown scarf from around her neck, her brown eyes warm and sympathetic. "Tell me about," She says as she picks up her menu, "From the beginning!" I smile at her, "Well I appreciate one of my friends actually caring about me!" Rose rolls her eyes again, but in a more playful way as she actually focuses on me this time. "Ah the rest of the party has arrived. My name is Edward and I'll be your server today. What would you ladies like to drink?" Our waiter says, interrupting me. I hold in a sigh as I look at him. Holy crap…since when did waiters look this hot? I quickly toss aside my inappropriate thoughts before I do something awful like drool and smile brightly at him. "I'd like a Coke." I say. Didn't I just promise myself this morning that I was going to stay away from men? "I'd like a Coke too please." Bella says, but she's looking at me. Oh great, she has the 'what are you doing?' look. I resist the urge to slap myself across the face. The poor hot waiter might not know I was checking him out but Bella does. "I'll be right back with those drinks." He says, flashing a quick toothy grin. His emerald green eyes captivating against his tan skin, not to mention the bronze mess of hair hover above those eyes. Stop it Alice! You're a mess right now! Checking out the waiter…what is wrong with you? "Al!" Bella whispers, a slight blush spreading across her cheeks. "Why didn't you just jump up and undress him? I mean you were already doing it with your eyes!" She gave an amused laugh despite the growing blush across her face. "Sure he was gorgeous, but what is wrong with you?" Oh if she only knew she was echoing my own thoughts. I shrug as I try to write off the whole thing as no big deal. But really, what is wrong with me? I mean sure he looked like he had a cute backside, and I'd love to feel the abs beneath that shirt…and oh my gosh, what is wrong with me? I'm some sort of hormonal teenager again. I look back to see Bella still staring at me like I've lost my mind. "I've had a bad week." I say defensively under her shocked and amused stare. "You even said it yourself that he was gorgeous." "Yeah but if you keep staring at him like that he'll think we are some seducing psychos!" Bella whispers, obviously struggling between being serious and laughing. "It's not like we'll ever see him again!" I argue reasonably. Rose's laughter breaks through our conversation, her eyes wide as she looks between the two of us. "That guy lives in our apartment building. I think he just moved in, or else he just really likes walking around our lobby." Bella finally laughs, "Oh great Al! Now we look like seducing psycho stalkers!" oooooooooooo It's just been one of those weeks where I hate the world. Now it's 6:33 A.M. and all of my clothes have been tossed around my room in dismissal. Why don't I own anything worth wearing? Placing my hands on my hips and pouting until my face is sore is not going to help, but I do it anyway because it feels like I'm accomplishing something. Alright it really doesn't but that's what I tell myself. "Hey