Fantasy writing 5.4 The Adventures of Calder Cooper Part 3: The Second Ring of Power. After Calder goes through his sister's journal, he starts his journey in finding out where his sister went. That involves going into a world known as 'Middle-Earth' and finding a person named Elrond. But when he gets there, he gets a terrifying image of a giant flaming eye that only appears when he's wearing his ring, the ring given to him by his sister who forged the golden band in this land. Bigger secrets are being unveiled, and in order for Calder to discover them all, he needs to fight foul creatures' and aid a company made up of people from a fairy tale as they destroy a ring of power. A/N: This is part of my ongoing OC story, is you have any questions, PM me. ENJOY! Chapter "Backpack?" "Check." "Water?" "Check." "Food?" "Check." "Cane?" "Check." "Friend who's not going with you?" "Double check." Looking up, I see Jason scowl; his blonde hair seemed to be wilting to create a yellow curtain that hid his grey eyes. "Jason, as I said I need to go alone, it's too dangerous for anyone to come along yet," I reply, lying back on the bed, hands behind my head. "Yeah, and I say you're gonna need all the help you can get!" Jason protested, crossing his arms. Sighing, I cross my hands behind my head, I was currently was in my friend Jasons room, and he is the only person I told of my adventures. It started around the time the school year began; I received a ring from my sister with a note that signified that she could never see me again by saying goodbye. Soon after, I accidently activated the ring, which allows people to travel into different dimensions, and I traveled to a place called Berk, which had flying dragons and very stubborn Vikings all around the place. After helping there, I became friends with Jason and together we went on a trip to Paris during the winter break, where I accidently activated a powerful artifact that introduced me to part of my heritage. As a Cooper, it was our job to aid in other dimensions and protect them the best we could, only killing if necessary, I discovered that my relatives included a master thief/ raccoon named Sly. With his help, I not only was trained to fight and with minor gymnastics, we fought against criminals and I discovered a diary, which told me that my sister was a thief and what she knew about our clan. From there, I went to try find Meghan at her apartment only to discover it was abandoned and that my foster parents were exploiting me to make thousands of dollars that the government was paying, and that my sister would inherit that when she was old enough to care for me, that's why my foster parents got the restraining on her. Jason glared at me, snapping from my revere. Sighing I return to my sisters journal, flipping through the pages I clarifying that her last dimension was a place called 'Middle-Earth' and even though it was a weird place, it seemed to be alright. "Look, most of her travels say she went with some dwarves, an old man and something called a hobbit. Yes, even though it says she fought some people, it wasn't necessarily that dangerous, and all I need is to get to…Rivendell and find someone named 'Elrond' and he'll help me with my sister," I explain. "Only thing is, he's an elf as I mentioned before." Jason grumbled under his breath before saying, "Get ready to go, I'll prep the area." Nodding, I get off of the bed and walk out of Jason's room and down the stairs, where my pack was, it was sitting in his kitchen on the table. It was a simple black pack with my cane between the two zippers, angled slightly so I could reach between my right shoulder blade and collarbone to snag it. Taking a moment, I pull out my cane and check it one more time; it looked about a foot-and-a-half long, the cane shaft was around ten inches while the head, which was shaped in a curved brass 'C' was six. However, when I pushed the button on the shaft it sprung out into its cane form, which was about the length of a short sword; however if I held down the button, it would snap out into a staff. Once I checked the cane and its chain function, I returned it to its baton form and placed it back into my backpack which I sling onto my shoulders before I start heading to the front door, where Jason was standing. "All set?" he asked. "Yeah, make sure to thank your mom for me, she's a great cook and I can't wait to eat her jerky." Nodding his head, Jason opened the door and we started walking down the street. "So you remember the plan right?" I ask. Rubbing his chin, Jason said, "You're currently on a camping in the woods, trying to get some alone time since you're in your emo/rebellious stage in life, like in 'Into the Wild' so I tell the people you're in the woods somewhere, right?" "Yes, don't forget to add more about how I'm being stubborn and stuff, alright?" "Yup." By then, we had approached the clearing; it was an open space with river going through the center of it, while a tent was made by the edge of the trees. Kneeling by the river, I splash water on my face before looking at my features; jet back hair, deep blue eyes and my fair skinned face staring back at me. Running my fingers through my hair I turn back to Jason, who was scratching the back of his head. "So, see ya," Jason says before extending his hand. I gladly shake it before giving a two-finger salute, turning I extend my hand, where my ring was, and pointed it at the ground. The ring glowed a bright scarlet before a beam shot out of the jewel and hit the ground, soon a swirling red and black portal was swirling by my feet. Adjusting the straps on my bag, I turned around to face Jason to flash him a 'Peace' sign while back flipping into the portal. "SHOW-OFF!" Each time I go through the portal, its different. The first time, I touched a pedestal and I fell into a sea, the second, a bright flash. Now was just…strange. Imagine driving through fog, all gray and misty right? Now imagine that except through water and that's sort of what it felt like, just sifting through misty water. Looking around I notice a door, elegantly carved wood with a long handle, old fashioned where a large key was required. I swam down to the door, before pulling it open; it didn't budge at first but when I put more force onto it slowly opened, which was then the water started to pour out, with me along with it. I end up sprawled on a forest floor; grunting I quickly got up before slipping my ring into my pocket looking around. It was a vast forest, very old as well since massive roots and tree limbs crisscrossed and curved in all directions in various sizes. Looking around, I shrug before wandering through the woods. I probably shouldn't have wandered into the woods. The forest looked pitch-black and it felt as if I was going in circles, in fact I was for half an hour until I took a rock and began to mark the trees I passed. The next half hour, I spent climbing over roots and trying to map out the forest but it was like a labyrinth in here, every turn was mirrored by another similar turn, every dip, there was a climb and vice versa. Then I saw it. A flash of white moving behind a corner, resembling the flowing fabric of a dress, I quickly move round the corner and came into a clearing. There in a white dress…was my sister, Meghan. I stare at her in shock, her back was towards me, black choppy hair went past her shoulders, the white dress she was wearing was open at the back and connected back just above her waist. I was just frozen there, unmoving as I drank in the sight of my sister, after so long. Reaching out a hand I move forward only to hear a sound; turning to the noise I see…nothing. Checking over the scene again, I look back at my sister only to see something out of a nightmare. Thin, scraggly black hair hung in small pieces from the creature's skull; it was hunched over, wearing a mix of black cloth and heavy armor. It was already looking at me, with snake-like slits for nostrils, sharp pointy teeth and eyes with slit pupils that burned with hatred. "HOLY SHIT!" The creature snarled before lunging at me, I dived to the side, rolling on the impact before bring out my cane and snapping it out to its first form, and not a moment too soon because the creature swung a wicked looking scimitar directly at my head. Raising the cane I blocked the blow before shoving the blade to the side before crashing my own weapon on the creatures head. Snarling, it lunged with its sword, whirling to the side I brought my cane down into its hand, causing it to drop it; however it was a bad call because then the thing leapt onto my back and I felt razors embed themselves into my collarbone. Crying out in pain I drop my cane as I struggled to get it off before I quickly slammed it into one of the many tree roots nearby. It did work, however because of the creatures grip we both fell on the ground. Groaning, I look up to see my cane and the scimitar both lying on the ground next to each other; I remembered my sister's entries, 'They're not human. They're monsters who only live to kill other living things.' They're not human. They have to be killed. I quickly began to crawl towards the weapons, the creature was clawing at my back, trying to stop me from reaching the weapons first, a bright hot pain erupted in my left leg. "AHH! SCREW YOU!" I shout before kicking my foot in its face. It growled as I quickly scrambled towards the scimitar, once my hand wrapped around the metal hilt I whirl onto my back to see the creature leap at me, teeth bare and a fire burning in its eyes. Closing my eyes I thrust out the object in my hand straight out. I only heard my heart pounding as I quickly shoved off the thing, it pounded again before I got on my hands and knees and retched onto the forest floor. I stabbed the creature, I was as the blade went through its back and out the other side; it struggled for a moment, lunging further onto the blade as its teeth gnashed together as they tried to get to my neck. But instead of teeth, black blood spilled from his mouth, coating my head with the foul liquid. I think I accidently swallowed some as well, which was why I was glad I vomited out my stomachs contents. But that was only a small portion of my brain, the other half was filled with sheer terror. I had nearly died, I mean I have had a few brushes with death, but not like this; I had been shot, burned, had metal embedded in my shoulder, and a few broken bones, but not from a person-ish thing. What terrified me was the fact of how simple it was, just a simple thrust, and a squelching noise, then death. I always assumed killing would be