Hello! Finally finished this, took forever! I hope you enjoy this. It's my first LOTR fic. It is a Legolas and Aragorn love one-Be WARNED! Song: Goodbye to you- Michelle Branch. Keep happy and reviewing! Much love! ... Legolas. Goodbye to you. It has been three years since the One Ring was destroyed. The land has begun to repair itself, fractured edges knitting together. The time of the Elves have passed, I sense it in the air. Yet I am not alone for Arwen stays as well. I no longer have to be cautious venturing outside, very few Orcs remain. Those that do are sloppy and ill prepared. No longer predators, they have become little more than a nuisance to us now. Gimli has stayed by my side, my ever faithful companion. He has promised not to leave me behind. Now, I wonder if I can keep the same promise to him. There is no darkness in the world. Nothing lurking in the shadows. The evil that raged through Middle- Earth has been defeated, driven back by a united army. I don't have to fight. I should be happy. But I'm not. The trees are singing again. This is worse than the Sea-Longing. I don't understand it. The quest hold may memories, those of fear and pain. Off loss and heartbreak. But there is one wrapped up around them, that stands out and gives hope to my weary soul. The night Aragorn told me he loved me. -Memory- The moon hung high in the sky, spreading a silver glow over the landscape. There was something magical about this night. I didn't understand why but the night was alive with mysteries and hope. We drew nearer to our goal. I allowed myself to breathe, to let the tension slip away from me. Aragorn's loud laughter reached me and I looked over my shoulder at the man. I loved him. I tried to hide it, deny it because I knew it wouldn't work. Push it deep down, burying under anger loyalty. I knew Aragorn would find it wrong. He was promised to Arwen, beautiful Arwen. I would not be looked twice at. His friendship would never be enough, I'd always want more, but I'll take it. I knew I shouldn't. It wasn't right to live a lie, masquerading as his best friend but I need him somewhere in my life. I'll accept his friendship and the damaged soul it created. Frowning, I looked away and headed deeper into the forest, leaving the fellowship behind me. I did not have to worry about their safety, Aragorn and the dwarf would protect the hobbits. Boromir could help if he wished. Gandalf was more than capable of defending himself. I sighed, feeling my troubled heart cry. I couldn't cure it of its ailment. I knew of one thing that could, but I wouldn't ask for it. I won't be prepared to face the consequences. I suppose that makes me a coward. I stopped, staring at a tree but not really seeing it. Not hearing its whispered reassurances. Am I a coward because I would rather live a lie? I know I should tell him. Doesn't he deserve to know? But I do deserve the damage my confession will do? Can I take it? Father tells me that our people leave over the ocean. I could follow them and leave my heart behind. No, I can't. He is still my friend, he trusts me not to leave him behind. I can't do that to him. The trees sung to me. A dark, empty painful tune. It struck down in my soul. I couldn't understand it. There was no words. Only a tune of abandonment and sorrow. I didn't look deeper into it. A cry of torment was ripped from my throat, silencing the trees around me. Life seemed to hold its breath, waiting for my next move. I surged forward, breaking into a sprint. The trees merged into green beside me, I scarcely felt the ground underneath my feet. All I knew was that I had to run. Had to leave my demons behind me. But they kept up, snapping at my heels and pulling on my mind. How does one outrun their own fears? Its near impossible but it didn't matter, I kept running. Finally I stopped, a tear trickled down my cheek, furiously I rubbed it away. I wondered further forward, clambering over fallen logs and boulders that littered the ground. As I left the trees, I smiled slightly at the sight that greeted me. A lake, lit up silver by the moon, shimmered in the night. I stepped toward it, kneeling by its edge, dipping my hand into it. The cold water invited me it, begging me. I wondered in the back of my mind if this was the sea- longing I had heard about. I didn't think so. Pulling back, I tugged off my boots and slipped my tunic over my head. Still clad in leggings, I slid into the water. The water masked any tears that fell, any that rippled its surface. I dived under the mirror surface, under it no one could see me break. I stayed on the bottom, trying to reforge what was left of me, until my body burned for air. Regretfully, I surfaced, trying to convince myself that the water on my face was lake water, not tears. I'm too proud to cry. But not too proud to hurt in private. Eventually, I swam to the edge, refusing to pull myself out of the water. I huddled in the shallows, the current lapping around my waist. I buried my face in my knees, uncertain, confused and frightened. This was a way to die of a broken heart, I knew. A long, painful, isolated death. It was not the way I wanted to go. But I cannot chose when life ends. No matter how hard I wished I could. " Legolas!" Aragorn's worried, breathless voice exclaimed I jumped but refused to turn around to meet him. I couldn't show my broken heart. He knelt down behind me, his hand reaching out to touch my bare shoulder. I stiffened under his hand and tried to pull away but he wouldn't let me. " Legolas, what's happened? We heard you yell. Are you hurt? Legolas?" I whimpered, pressing shaking knuckles to my eyes. I didn't answer him. I heard him move, his boots splashing through the water around me. I felt his fingers at my face, hands tugging on my wrists. I shook him off, twisting half-heartedly away from him. He didn't let go. " There's no blood, I don't see any injuries." He mumbled, I don't think he was talking to me. But when his hand reached up and stroked my damp hair, I knew his next words were meant for my ears. "I don't understand what's wrong, Legolas. I need you to talk to me. If I don't know, I can't help." " You can't." I whispered " Why not?" " Because you don't understand. Let me die in peace!" " Let you die? No! You're not dying." " Not all wounds are on the surface, Aragorn." He was panicking, I could hear his breathing increase, the pull on my wrists were stronger. Eventually, I let me hands go limp and he dragged them away from my eyes. Calloused fingers were at my chin, tilting my head up. His eyes tightened when he found my face. His grip on me was so gentle, I could hardly believed those hands belong to a ranger. The tears he wiped away were replaced by more that fell. " Please don't cry. Tell me what's wrong. Don't say I don't understand because I might." " You won't." " I might. Talk to me." " I'm sorry...so sorry..." " Why? What have you done?" " I'm a disgrace. I shouldn't be here." I battled with his hands, trying to fight free but his arms folded around me, pulling my body against his chest. I struggled, my breath coming in ragged sobs and still he held on, pressing my head against his shoulder. Fingers still combed through my hair, while his other hand slipped around my waist. He didn't say anything, just let me fight and sob. I lost my fight, collapsing against his shoulder. My hands reached up to grasp his tunic. " Shh calm down. What's all this about being a disgrace? That's insane, you're far from a disgrace, Legolas. What's made you think like this? Please tell me." " You'll hate me. I can't let you hate me." " I won't ever hate you." " Yes you will, when you hear what I have to say." " Tell me, please. I can't see you cry anymore." My hands fisted, pulling on his clothes again, he held me tighter. I pressed my face against his neck, if this was our last moment together, I was going to burn it to memory. Quickly I inhaled, but the added oxygen did little to calm my nerves so I let it out again. Aragorn's hands were soothing but didn't help. " I love you." I whispered "I'm so sorry." I stiffened, hardly daring to breathe. His hand stopped moving, his arms fell limp. I let out a sob and started to pull away. I couldn't look at his face. I shall sail to Valinor. Suddenly, Aragorn's arms were back around me, holding me closer and tighter than before. " Legolas, oh, my Legolas. You silly elf. Your love for me has brought these tears?" I nodded. Hope glimmered in my heart when his hand found my hair again. Maybe I hadn't just wrecked our friendship. He raised my face again, I refused to look at his eyes. "Look at me." I did. He smiled gently. "Your love has brought tears, perhaps my love can stop them. Do not panic, Legolas. I can feel your body tense, I have not yet finished what I was saying. Legolas, 'tis you I love. It is you that lights the sky and my world. You my heart has longed for but I was unable to voice." I stared in disbelief. He wouldn't mock me, would he? He wouldn't drive this barbaric barb through my heart for entertainment, would he? There still must be friendship between us. He studied my expression and sighed. " You do not believe me, I have let you suffer to long. I am sorry. If I were stronger, you would not feel like this. You would not doubt my love for you." I looked into his eyes, seeing the sincerity and pain that blazed in them. Love was there, almost overshadowing every other emotion I saw. I smiled through my tears. " You love me? You don't lie?" " I love you. I would never lie where your heart is concerned." " But what of Arwen?" He sighed. "I do not know. But we will decide that when the time is right." I nodded, closing my eyes, letting myself believe again. Aragorn would hold me together until I was strong enough to fly. -End memory- I had been so happy then. I thought I'd found meaning, a place for me to exist. Arwen had seemed to accept our love but refused to leave. I was concerned at first but Aragorn reassured me. Promised he'd love me forever. I frowned, the humming had returned. Just like that fateful day. The trees had returned to sing to me. Just as sorrowful as before. I felt my shoulders drop. I didn't understand. I turned to look at the man seated behind the desk. A frown had appeared on his handsome face, as his pen scribbled over pages of paper. The price of running a land. Of keeping a peaceful world. Aragorn can do it, I know he can. No longer was he a Ranger, he was King of Gondor. He had no time for me. What happened