a/n: Although I most likely don't have many readers, I just wanted to say that I apologize about this chapter, which sounds kind of strange, seeing as it's the first chapter. But it's a bit of a filler and is kind of slow at the beginning, but I needed to give you a feel of what was going on. Towards the middle of the chapter it gets a lot better, I promise, so please persevere! *~Alone~* Chapter One: Fear When Hermione woke up in the morning, she walked into her small kitchen that was provided to her because she was Head Girl and made herself a large mug of coffee. She looked out her window and watched the sunrise while sipping her coffee, turning the sky many shades of orange and pink and yellow and red. Smiling, Hermione finished her coffee and left her dorm. When Hermione arrived into her first class, Potions, she decided to sit next to Neville Longbottom. "Hello, Neville," Hermione said kindly. "Hermione!" Neville smiled. "I'm so happy to see you. Luna and I were starting to wonder whether you were going to leave your dorm." "Well, I rather enjoy Potions. And I reckon this class will help me become an Auror, so... I would never miss it. Anyways, I was only up in my dorm because I was reading books on how to become an Auror," she lied. "I'm sorry I haven't been around." "It's alright," Neville grinned. "You're here now. That's all that matters, right?" Hermione nodded and really looked at her friend for the first time in about a year. His teeth, once crooked and yellow, were now white and straight. His freckles,which once made him looks sickly and childish, were endearing. His warm, brown eyes were still as inviting as they always were, but Neville had definitely changed, and Hermione couldn't help but think that it was for the better. "Will you eat lunch with us today, Hermione?" Neville asked. Hermione had been dying to see Harry and Ron, but she didn't know if Ron would be comfortable with seeing her after she turned him down in their sixth year. "You know what? I think I will join you for lunch today. And maybe dinner, too?" Merlin's beard , Hermione thought, it can't hurt . "Alright!" Neville said excitedly. "Harry, Ron, Luna, Ginny, and I will be there. Oh, and I have to fill you in on a few things." "What?" "Harry and Ginny are dating," Neville informed Hermione. "Ron and Padma Patil just starting going out yesterday, so Padma might be at lunch. Luna and I are still single," Neville winked, "and I believe Michael Corner has a thing for Luna. She's liked him all year, so she was ecstatic when I told her how I thought he felt about her." "What about you, Neville?" Hermione asked teasingly. "Have any witches caught your eye?" "No," Neville smirked. "But a wizard has." Hermione's grin faltered and she looked at Neville with wide eyes. "I'm kidding!" Neville laughed. "I am only attracted to women, thank you very much." Hermione giggled as the bell rang. Neville smiled at her as he turned to face the front, and Hermione couldn't help but notice that his smile was lopsided. Pushing that thought away, Hermione pulled out her quill and a notebook and began to take notes on how to make a Dreamless Sleep potion. . . . . Hermione made her way to the Great Hall as she braced herself to see her friends for the first time since she had become Head Girl. Smiling, she walked into the Great Hall... and straight into Draco Malfoy. "Watch where you're going, Mudblood," he snickered. "Malfoy, just because you're insecure, have no true friends, and can't keep a girlfriend because she sees your dick size and runs off without another thought, doesn't mean that you get to pick on someone who's better then you." With that, Hermione turned on her heel and walked over to her friend's table while Malfoy sputtered illegible insults meant for Hermione. Sliding into her seat, Hermione high-fived Harry from across the table. "That was awesome!" Harry laughed. "It's good to have you back, Hermione." "I'm glad to see you all," Hermione smiled earnestly. "I'm sorry I haven't been around." "Aw, shut up," Ginny said, flipping her beautifully long, red hair. "We know you've been busy. I forgive you. And if anyone else doesn't forgive you..." She looked around at her friends menacingly, cracking her knuckles. The group of friends burst into laughter-even Ginny-and started telling stories of when they were younger and more foolish. Hermione laughed along with them and filled her plate. Once they had all finished eating, Ron motioned for Hermione to follow him and stood. Hermione stood also and followed him to the corridor outside of the Great Hall. "What is it, Ron?" Hermione asked. "I needed to talk about… what happened in our sixth year," Ron replied, blushing. "Okay… What about it?" "I wanted to apologize for forcing myself upon you. I thought that you liked me too-" "I did, Ron," Hermione interrupted. "I still do. As a friend, I mean." "Okay. I'm sorry for kissing you, then. It was extremely selfish and unreasonable." Hermione smiled and shook her head. "I wouldn't say that, Ron. I'm glad you did it. This way, I know how you felt about me and can inform you with my feelings." "I really am glad to have you back, Hermione," Ron said, relieved. "I'm happy to be back." Hermione hugged Ron just as Padma and Ginny walked into the corridor. "Ron!" Padma yelped. "What are you doing?" "N-n-nothing, I swear," Ron stuttered. "They are old friends, Padma, you know that," Ginny yawned. "Calm down. They haven't really seen each other a lot lately. They probably were just sharing a friendly hug when you and I barged in." "Oh," Padma grimaced, "right. I'm sorry, Ron." Ron walked up to Padma and hugged her. "It's alright," he said, grinning. Ron kissed Padma, and she threw her arms around his neck, pulling him closer. Ginny rolled her eyes, and Hermione inhaled sharply and turned away. I wish I had what they have , Hermione thought. "Get a room," Ginny grunted. "Of course," Ron said. "Anything for you, Sister Dear." Ron grabbed Padma's hand and they walked down the corridor, laughing and kissing. "Where are they going?" Hermione asked. "Probably to the Room of Requirement. That's where they always go when they're going to fuck. This way, they don't get interrupted and they can be as loud as they'd like. Harry and I go there all the time." "Ugh," Hermione winced. "That was too much. Harry's practically my brother." "Sorry," Ginny laughed. "But we do go there all the time. Harry's really good at making me orgasm." "EW!" Hermione squealed. "Oh my fucking god, Ginny!" "Sorry," Ginny laughed. "Just thought I'd let you know. Hey, why don't we take a walk? I'd like to talk to you." "Okay," Hermione said cautiously. "I won't bite," Ginny grinned. The two witches fell into step. "Now, tell me. Who have you been finding sexual release with?" "No one," Hermione answered simply. "What?!" Ginny screeched. "Holy shit. Please don't tell me you're a virgin." "Well…" Hermione trailed off and winced. "Godric help us all!" Ginny yelled. "You need to get laid, honey!" "No I do not," Hermione said sternly. "I am perfectly fine with keeping my virtue for just a bit longer." "What's your virtue?" Ginny asked. Hermione clicked her tongue impatiently. "Nothing," Hermione sighed. "I don't need to have sex." "Yes, you do," Ginny disagreed. "Have you ever even maturbated?" "Ew, no!" Hermione shook her head in disgust. "Hermione!" Ginny yelped. "What is wrong with you?" "What do you mean?" "You've never been sexually attracted to someone?" Ginny asked. "Never," Hermione replied. Ginny gaped at Hermione, and Hermione looked away, feeling uncomfortable. "Oh my Lord, Hermione," Ginny sighed. "What am I going to do with you?" "Nothing!" Hermione protested. "I'm fine!" "If you say so," Ginny said, unconvinced. "Let's get back to lunch. I wouldn't mind seeing Harry." Hermione smile but found herself wondering if she would be alone for all of her Hogwarts years. The two witches walked back into the Great Hall and Hermione couldn't help but notice that Malfoy was staring at her. Looking away, Hermione concluded that Malfoy was still mad about earlier. She slid into her seat and kept her eyes away from Harry and Ginny-every time she looked at them and saw their love for each other, her heart felt as though it had been sliced into little pieces. Hermione yearned for someone to cuddle up to at lunch and steal kisses with between classes. Sighing, Hermione decided that she'd had enough of the lovefest she seemed to be in and stood. "Where are you going?" Harry asked. "I just need to study for a test in Advanced Herbology," Hermione lied. It wasn't completely a lie, though, because she did have a text in Advanced Herbology coming up, but she had already studied for it so much that she found herself alway thinking about bowtruckles and nymphs. Hermione hated lying to her friends, so she often told only half-lies if necessary. "I can help," Neville supplied. "I already know all of Newt's Laws of Mandrakes and the steps to care for a shrivelfig." "Yeah, why don't you study with Neville, Hermione?" Ginny winked. "Aren't you in Advanced Herbology together?" "Yes," Hermione said, rubbing the bridge of her nose. This is not what I had in mind , she thought. "Alright, Neville. Shall we study in my dorm?" "Yes," Neville grinned. "Neville, why don't you wait for Hermione by the stairs? She'll be out in a second," Ginny said. "Alright," Neville sighed. Hermione couldn't help but feel bad for him, although she didn't know why. "Ginny, why did you tell him to wait for me?" Hermione asked. "Couldn't I have just walked with him?" "No," Ginny said bluntly. "I wanted to talk to you." "But didn't we already do that out in the corridor?" Hermione said, practically whining. Ginny rolled her eyes and grabbed Hermione by the forearm. Pulling her near a table that wasn't occupied, Ginny let Hermione's arm go. "This is great!" Ginny whispered. "Neville is the perfect person for you to lose your virginity to. He's extremely hot now-I don't know if you've noticed, but puberty did him a lot of good. And, he's super kind and humble and you know him very well-" "Stop!" Hermione interrupted. Three witches at a nearby table turned to glare at her, so Hermione lowered her voice. "We're just going to study! I don't like Neville like that, and besides, don't you think that we would be... awkward around each other after that? I wouldn't enjoy coming to lunch anymore because I'd have to see Neville everyday." "Hermione, have you ever even kissed anyone-"Hermione opened her mouth to speak-"other than Ron, who, might I add, forced himself upon you. That's not even kissing, that's called rape." "No," Hermione grumbled. "I am a kissing virgin." "Merlin's beard, Hermione!" Ginny screeched. The witches at the nearby table turned to glare again, but Ginny ignored them. "You need to kiss Neville!" "No, no, no," Hermione said, shaking her head. "I don't have to. Maybe I don't like Neville like that." "Oh, trust me, you're going to," Ginny grinned, pushing Hermione out of the Great Hall. "Now, go 'study' with your man." Hermione turned around and Ginny winked at her, just before heading back to their table and sitting next to Harry. Hermione took a deep breath and walked toward the stairs. "Hello, Neville," Hermione said brightly. "Hello," Neville beamed. "Shall we?" Hermione asked, starting up the stairs. "We shall," Neville grinned. The pair walked up the steps and began talking about Herbology. Once they arrived at Hermione's door, she whispered her password, " Alohomora ," and entered her dorm. "Hello,