Mordecai's POV ~March 2010~ A knock at my chamber door distracted me and I broke free from the call of the hunt. I gasped aloud and dropped my head back, feeling the demon which at that time had been controlling my body sink back into the depths of my soul, and the emotions and humanity rise. Looking down at the body in my arms – well, what remained of her – I felt a rush of disgust and repulsion at her mutilated young form and she dropped to the ground with a wet thump. "Whomever you are, I suggest you leave. I'm busy." The knock was followed by a voice I had come to know well. "Mordecai, it is I. May I enter?" Her childish voice put me on edge and I rolled my eyes. "No you may not, Jane, I am feeding." I snarled in response. "I know." Sure, she knew, she had smelt the blood from down the hall. She was probably fighting her own demons, as if she gave in she would have already broken through the door to find the blood. "But Aro sent me. He summons you to the throne room, he has a favour to ask of you." I contemplated unleashing the hunter just to take down Jane, but Aro seemed to enjoy her company. I wondered which out of the two of us he would chose, should he ever need to. "I will be there shortly. Thank you, Jane." My dismissal was abundantly clear. I heard her gentle but sure steps fade away, and once I was sure the hall beyond the room was empty, I let out an exasperated sigh and slumped against the wall. Aro was summoning me during my own time now? When I was feeding? The thought of blood drew my attention back to the body at my feet; and the three others thrown about the room. Altogether four humans, each had tasted delicious and hot on my lips, having sacrificed their lives – although be it unwillingly – to satisfy the demon within. I had killed them, yes, but I had not caused them a great deal of pain. I'd broken their necks and took their lives in the second I entered the room, they had not seen their deaths coming. I may have been a monster, but that did not mean I enjoyed being one. I knew Aro would be expecting me momentarily, though I did not like the idea of returning to my chambers to finish my hunt, and although the sight of the fourth dead girl uneased me, the blood pooling beneath her was too compelling to ignore. I crouched low and scooped up her light, almost skeletal corpse, and sunk my teeth back into her already torn throat. I strolled down the hall leading to the throne room, two vampires, Dimitri and Felix, stood guard outside. "Boys." I cooed. They did not look away, but did not smile either. Why must everyone in this coven be so dull? Sure, I had my fun with some of others, but Dimitri and Felix were among the few guard members whom incomprehensibly did not enjoy my company. Probably because they both were "Straight" If they spent one night in my chambers they'd warm up to me sooner rather than later. Especially Felix. The doors opened from within and Jane emerged, she tried to hide her joy at seeing me but failed. She had not mastered hiding her emotions from me. It was no secret the girl crushed on me, desired to have me, it could be sensed by anyone unfortunate enough to stand too close to her. What made it worse was that I could not escape it. Obviously, I did not lust for her in return. She was but a child upon being turned, and even if she were physically an adult I would still have preferred to burn away my hand than touch that cruel creature. "There you are. I was beginning to wonder if you were intentionally ignoring our master's call?" I brushed past her tiny form and stepped down into the throne room to stand before my 'masters.' "Of course not, Jane, I would not disrespect them in such a way." I dropped to bended knee and lowered my head, if only to hide my bored eyes. "No, you wouldn't. You are a loyal, and trusting friend." Aro's smooth, cold voice rang down from atop the dais on which his and his brothers thrones were placed. They were all present today, meaning this meeting was one of importance (to them at least) and humorous behaviour would not be tolerated. "Rise, my child." Aro instructed. My Child. I hated that. Sure, Aro called all of us his children but when he called me it, he meant it. In spite of the fact I had been a vampire for almost three hundred years and lived three times the average years of an ordinary human, I had only been a part of the infamous Volturi coven for only short while compared to the others. Therefore, my own coven mates – or as Aro would have me call them, Family – still thought of me as the baby of the coven. I supposed this reaction was to be expected, or at least understood as my new brothers and sisters had been around much, much longer than I. Yet this still irritated me. I, a fully grown (and strikingly beautiful, I might add) man who had lived hundreds of years was considered a sapling compared to the likes of Jane, whom physically hadn't bled yet when Aro sunk his teeth into her flesh and corrupted her soul. Not that I believed the little brat had a soul in the first place, but that was beside the point. I raised to my feet, meeting the burgundy coloured eyes of my masters. The three Rulers of the immortal race. Neither one of them was at all appealing to look at, despite the beauty immortality granted to us all. Caius was the youngest, and could have been handsome if it weren't for the sneer he had long since chosen as a permanent expression, Marcus was somewhat average but he was older physically, and looked like an actual statue (I could even see a fine layer of dust on his eyes, hinting that he was lost deep in thought and had not bothered to remember to blink) Aro was livelier than the others, than any vampire I had ever met. A little too enthusiastic if you ask me, but we all knew it was a ruse. A game he played he'd been playing with everyone for centuries despite being the only player. He reached back and tucked his long, dark hair behind his ears, and then the corners of his mouth twitched in response to my kneel. "Master." I addressed him. Master. I hated the word, hated it since Aro had informed me on the day I joined this coven that this was the title I were to address him by from that day on. I had not want to be a part of this coven, I had not wanted to be anywhere near this man. Yet I never had a choice. Aro had heard of me and summoned me to Volterra. At the time, I had not known that what I believed to be a warm invitation to mean I would not be allowed to leave. He had welcomed me into his city with kindness, but I knew something was wrong when they began asking questions about who knew me, did I have a coven and coven mates? Could I see myself living in Volterra permanently? When the time came for us to part ways, Aro's last request was that I would make acquaintance with a member of his guard, Chelsea. A short girl with an hourglass shape, fair brown hair and crimson eyes. I would later come to discover her ability to loosen or secure emotional ties from one person to another, thus my sudden surge of affection for Aro and the exhilaration at being offered the opportunity to join him as part of his guard. Usually Chelsea's sway over an immortal would last a few centuries before her call was needed again, though only decades had passed when I broke free from the spell she had enveloped me in. I had become self-aware of the manipulation. I wanted to flee, desired to roam the world a free man, but I knew that if Aro discovered my aversion to her sway then he would wonder whether his gift too could be tricked. It could. Aro could read every thought, see every image and feel every memory I had ever experienced. But I was the master of memory. My ability allowed for me to control and shape memory like clay, in humans and immortals alike. He was in the dark about this fact, but when Aro touched my hand he saw only what I wanted him to see. Marcus did not acknowledge me, he had not in decades, Caius sneered but nodded once, Aro, however, rose carefully to his feet and stepped down to embrace me. I welcomed and returned the hug though was cautious of the contact and where his hands were placed on my shoulders. You could never truly trust vampires. Trust me. "Kai, I'm must apologise for disturbing you whilst you were hunting." He reached up and touched the collar of my white shirt, stained with a single spot of red. Usually, I was more careful than this but Jane had distracted me. "It is no worry, Master. What service can I be to you?" He cupped my hands in his own, his eyes glossed off with my memories. I remained calm, having mastered my expressions and thoughts around him. He smiled and let go. Aro had not seen my disloyalty, my loathing or hatred for this place. He had seen only love and adoration for him. He could not tell the difference from true thought to false. "I would very much like to introduce you to someone." He then beckoned back to the doors, which were heaved open from the outside and I turned just as Felix strolled into the room with a human girl in his grasp. That was the first time I laid my eyes on…her. Isabella – or as she would later come to correct me – Bella. She thrashed about and swore, her cures bouncing highly off the throne rooms marble walls. One of the first things I noticed about her was the valiant effort she gave in trying to remain calm. To any immortal, it was more than obvious she was scared out of her wits, her heart drummed against her chest at a rapid, worrisome rate. A bead of sweat gleamed on her temple, then was caught in her matted, dirty hair. Her eyes flew back and forth across the room, to Aro and Caius, Marcus then back to Felix before he gave her a light tap on the shoulder and she collapsed with a cry to the stone flags. She caught sight of my shoes, then her head snapped up and our eyes met. She had beautiful eyes, for a human. Wide and large, an unusual shade of brown that although was dark, seemed bright at the same time – and filled with panic, of course, but still beautiful. "So this is the human?" I asked, taking her all in. I had known of the human in the dungeons. The little pet Aro had met some time ago and decided that one way or another, she was going to be his. The poor thing would have been allowed to live her human life with the Cullen's – or killed for knowing too much of the truth – but unfortunately for her she was gifted, and he had been stunned and fascinated by her mental immunity to many of our gifts.