Disclaimer: This story is based on characters and situations created and owned by JK Rowling, various publishers including, but not limited to, Bloomsbury Books, Scholastic Books and Raincoast Books, and Warner Bros. Inc. No money is being made and no copyright or trademark infringement is intended. Author's note: This is a prequel/companion piece to 'Love Sees More 3: Greyback's Pack', so they could probably be read in any order. Shades of Grey: Althea's Story Chapter 1 - Misplaced Trust "I hate it there." Eighteen-year-old Althea Jameson plopped down on the sofa in her parents' sitting room, miserably running a hand through her long, golden blond hair. That disappointed expression fell across her mother's face again. The one she always wore whenever they had this conversation. It was like someone had let all the air out of her, and Althea was never really sure why; her parents both knew exactly how she felt about this. "Honey," her mother, Brooke said, sitting down next to her. "Tell me what's so bad about it." She even had that tone in her voice, the one that suggested that Althea had absolutely no reason to complain. "We've talked about this," Althea said in exasperation. "This isn't what I want to do with my life. I don't want to work in a boring office forever." "Working for the Ministry is a worthwhile profession," her mother reasoned. "It's something you'll be able to rely on for years to come, because we're always going to need a government, and you'll earn a good amount of money. I know you had this fanciful idea that you could be an artist, and I wish you could follow your dreams. I really do, but it just isn't something you'll be able to count on to support yourself. What are you going to do when you have children to feed one day, and you can't sell a painting to save your life?" "But I could do it, Mum. If I only had a chance to try." "By all means, try all you like!" her mother exclaimed. "I'm not trying to discourage you at all. Painting is fine for a hobby or even to make a few extra Galleons on the side. I just don't think it's safe to make it your life." She reached out for Althea's hand, grasping it tightly. "I just want you to have a good life. I want you to be successful, and I want you to be financially secure. That's all." "I don't know why that means I have to work at the Ministry of all places." Althea turned to face her mother, hoping she'd finally be able to get her to see sense. "You're right, I may not make it as an artist at all, and it's good to have a steady job otherwise, at least until I know for sure. I understand that. But…I just don't like it at the Ministry. Everyone there is so serious, and…it's just not a fun place to be." "It's our place of government," her mother pointed our around a smirk. "It's not supposed to be fun." "But don't you think I should at least have a job that I enjoy?" Althea asked. "If I can't make it as an artist myself, maybe I can at least find something in the art field. Maybe I can find an already successful artist who needs an assistant or something. Or even just something in an art shop somewhere." "That sounds like Muggle work," her mother said disdainfully. "And what happens when those businesses lose money? What if you're forced out of work, and you're desperately looking for something else to support yourself? Like I keep telling you, the Ministry is something that's going to be there even a hundred years from now. We need government, and we need good, responsible people to run it. And if you keep at it, if you keep trying to work your way up, imagine where you might be when you're my age. You might even get to be the next female Minister of Magic! Wouldn't that be wonderful? To make all of our laws? To make sure we remain a good society of wizards?" Althea shook her head. "That's your dream, not mine." "One that I wasn't able to achieve." Her mother finally released her hand and leaned back against the sofa. "I tried, and I wasn't even able to get my foot in the door of the Ministry. Even getting an entry-level position there can be impossibly difficult, and that's something you already have." She paused, watching her daughter carefully. "Don't forget the amount of strings your father had to pull to get you in there. An eighteen-year-old, fresh out of Hogwarts with no previous job experience - you're lucky they even considered you!" "I know," Althea sighed, "and I'm grateful to have had the opportunity. I am. I wasn't happy about it then, but I decided to at least give it chance. You and dad said that I just had to try it for a little while, and if I didn't like it, I wouldn't have to stay. That I could try and find something else, something that's more suited to me." Her mother took a moment to push her short, curly red hair back from her face. She looked like she was trying very hard to keep her composure, because just like her fiery hair might indicate, Brooke definitely had a bit of a temper. Althea knew that her cause was now lost, because once her mother started to get annoyed, there was no reasoning with her whatsoever. "You've only been there for six months," Brooke said curtly after a few seconds of silence. "I hardly think that's enough time to be able to judge it accurately. Why don't you give it a little more time, maybe six more months? Once you've been there for a year, we can all sit down as a family and discuss it again." Althea closed her eyes in defeat, simply nodding. She knew that things wouldn't be any different in six months or even six years. They'd already had this conversation more times than she could count since she started her job at the Ministry. Every single time, it ended exactly the same way, with her parents encouraging her to give it more time. Althea knew, beyond a shadow of a doubt that she'd never be able to get through to them. They were so set in their decisions, the ones they had made for her. They'd never even entertain any of the ones Althea made for herself. They wanted her to be a Ministry employee and that was that. Whatever Althea herself wanted didn't matter. Not to them. Little did Althea know that her time as a Ministry of Magic employee was about to come to a screeching halt. It was something she had been praying for for months, but once it happened, she'd be desperately wishing for her boring old Ministry job back, because her life was about be plunged into a nightmare. One that she wouldn't be able to wake up from no matter how hard she tried. Exactly twenty-four hours later, Althea found herself back at the place she dreaded the most - her desk in the Ministry of Magic - with absolutely no end in sight. There were mounds of papers in front of her waiting to be organized and filed, and as far as she knew, Althea would be there doing nothing but that for the foreseeable future. Althea rested her elbow on her desk and propped her chin up in her hand. She glared at the stacks of parchment, wondering if anyone would notice if she just used her wand to set fire to them all. There were so many damned papers at the Ministry, it seemed like all she did was file them all day long, and she doubted anyone would really miss a stack here or there. Just then, the door behind her opened, the one that led to her father's office. Althea immediately sat up straight in her chair, rummaging around with the papers in front of her, trying to look like she was busy. Her father, Nolan came around her desk, holding a large file folder in one hand. He crossed his arms over his chest and gave her a scrutinizing stare, his brown hair causally falling into his hazel eyes. "That stack of papers looks to be about the same size it was when we came in this morning." "I've been working all day!" Althea exclaimed, annoyed at her father's insinuation. She desperately hated her job, but it was still her job; she wasn't about to shirk a responsibility that she was hired to do, no matter how much she abhorred it. She did eventually grow tired and discouraged at the amount of work by the end of the day, but she still plowed on through most of it. She was a Hufflepuff, after all, and they were unafraid of toil. "I can't help it if more papers come in faster than I can sort through them." Her father let out a heavy breath. "I'm sorry, Ally. I know things have been unusually hectic around here lately. It's just that damned Fenrir Greyback. He's been attacking more people than we can keep up with. I don't know what You-Know-Who's even thinking, using him as a tool. I don't necessarily think You-Know-Who has the wrong idea about things, you know that, but Merlin only knows what he hopes to accomplish with Greyback." "Blackmail," Althea stated simply. "Yes," her father agreed, "but You-Know-Who's a fool if he thinks it won't eventually backfire. Everyone knows Greyback sees it as his mission in life to make enough werewolves to overcome the wizarding population, and then what? You-Know-Who himself despises werewolves, as he should, so he's encouraging Greyback to make more, thinking they'll all dutifully follow him?" Nolan rolled his eyes. "It's utterly ridiculous. Before he knows it, there are going to be far more werewolves in this world than he knows what to do with. He's not going to be able to control them all, and he's going to be sorry. But he isn't thinking that far ahead. All he cares about right now is gaining power, and that's what Greyback is giving him, the hell with the consequences." He shook his head before adding, "This world is going to be overrun with animals someday, and there won't be a damned thing anyone will be able to do to stop it." Althea didn't reply. She never knew what to say when her father got into these ranting moods about how the world was going to end up in shambles one day if it continued on its current course. Nolan seemed to realize this, because he said, "But that's neither here nor there. I guess we'll cross that bridge if and when we come to it, won't we?" He held the file folder out to her. "Here. Run this down to the Werewolf Registry office, and then you can go. It's a list of all those believed to have been recently contaminated by Greyback and his minions, and who should be registered by now." Althea wanted to ask him why any werewolf in their right mind would register with the Ministry. It was simply so the Ministry could keep track of them when they hadn't even done anything wrong. If werewolves were smart, she thought, they'd stay far away from the Ministry and try to keep their condition hidden. Given, it was illegal for them not to register, but it still seemed safer than letting the Ministry keep track of every single thing they ever did. That was another reason why Althea hated her job so much. She was helping the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures when she didn't even believe in half of what they were doing. Her father was the head of the Werewolf