I got this idea and couldn't get it out of my head. I'll try to update at least once a month. Betaed by Nantai Reviews and ConCrit are greatly appreciated. Minerva woke up to pounding echoing through her little house at the outskirts of Hogsmeade – somebody was at her door! She didn't even bother to put on her dressing grown, those precious few seconds could save a life at times of war, and rushed down the stairs to her front door. "Who's there?" she asked and the pounding ceased immediately. "Sirius, Sirius Black. Please let me in. It's important," Sirius said, desperation clear in his voice. Minerva checked her wards quickly, making sure that the visitor wasn't using Polyjuice Potion or the Imperius curse, before she opened the door and Sirius rushed in after a last glance over his shoulder. "What happened?" Minerva asked as she led Sirius into her kitchen. "Are you alright?" Sirius collapsed onto one of the chairs and Minerva finally noticed his red, swollen eyes and the bundle in his arms. "The Potters are dead," Sirius whispered and cradled the bundle closer to his chest as it moved. It was a child, Minerva realized with horror. "This is their son, Harry, my godson," Sirius explained when he saw where she was looking. "He's the only one who survived." "How?" Minerva asked and sat down as well. "I have no idea," Sirius sighed. "But there's this weird scar on his forehead." They fell silent as Minerva processed what he had said. "Why are you here?" she asked finally. "A lot happened," Sirius said seriously. "Please hear me out before you jump to conclusions." Minerva nodded carefully. If Sirius Black was serious, a lot of things had to be very very wrong and it had to be important. "As you surely know, the Potters went into hiding some time ago. Dumbledore suggested them to use the Fidelius Charm and I convinced James to make Peter his secret keeper instead of me," Sirius started, his breath hitching. It was obvious, that it was hard for him to talk about it. "Today, I figured out that Peter was the spy we have suspected within our ranks, but it was too late. He had told Voldemort everything before I found him and we got into a fight. He killed muggles before turning into a rat to make it look like I killed him. He's an animagus, we all are. Well, except Remus, but you know about that," he laughed dryly. "I ran away and went to the Potters to warn them, but it was too late. So I did the first thing I could think of and grabbed Harry before running away once more. I didn't know what to do, so I came to the only person who always has an answer: you. Please, help me, Minerva! I am Harry's last caregiver! His only family! You know they won't allow Remus to take care of him even though he is listed in the will right after me! And Merlin only knows what will happen to Harry if this isn't solved! Especially as Pettigrew is still out there!" Minerva pinched the base of her nose. "Why am I not even surprised that you lot are unregistered animagi?" "It seems our questions haven't been as subtle as we thought," Sirius smiled weakly. "I believe it was the rot of a Mandrake under your tongue," Minerva replied when a knock echoed through her house – she had enchanted the house to deliver knocks and voices at her door to her wherever she was in the case of an emergency. It proved useful the second time in one day. Minerva stood up. "It's Albus. He has this unique way of knocking." Sirius froze at that and she gave him a questioning look. "He can't find me here!" Sirius said with wide eyes. "I am pretty sure he thinks I am guilty and he will take Harry away!" Minerva crossed her arms. "He will listen if you try and explain everything to him." Sirius let out a low laugh. "Sure. Because he didn't suspect Moony and me the most. Because he cared when Regulus disappeared without a trace. Because he likes Blacks so much. Even though I can't exactly blame him for that." "Fine," Minerva pressed her lips together just as another knock echoed through the kitchen. "Go upstairs and hide there. I'll talk to him and see what his visit is about." "Thank you." Minerva watched Sirius walk up the stairs to the first floor of her small house before making her way to the door. She opened it to Albus Dumbledore standing at her threshold just as she had expected, his right hand risen to knock yet again. "I am sorry that I woke you up, Minerva," he said with a glance at her sleeping grown. "But this is urgent." Minerva let him in and they walked into the kitchen where they sat down. "What happened?" "The Potters are dead and Voldemort disappeared, but so did the little Harry," Dumbledore sighed. "I suspect Sirius Black abducted and possibly killed him after he killed Peter Pettigrew who confronted him and several unfortunate muggles who got in the way." Minerva frowned. Sirius had been right, Dumbledore was assuming the worst about him. "And where do you suspect Black is now?" "I hoped you could help me to figure that out," Dumbledore answered. He looked very tired and Minerva asked herself how long this was already going, considering Sirius hadn't looked any better, probably even worse despite his young age. "For that, I would need more details and a clearer account of what happened," Minerva ran a hand over her face. "Black was the Potter's secret keeper," Dumbledore started as Minerva stood up to make some tea. "He must have told Voldemort the location of their house yesterday and Voldemort himself came to kill them. He managed to kill Lily and James, but something went wrong when he attacked Harry and he vanished. Black had been confronted by Pettigrew in the meanwhile, you remember him, right, and blew up the poor guy together with his surroundings and onlookers. They didn't even find Pettigrew's body, only a finger." Minerva placed a cup of tea in front of Albus and took one for herself before she sat down again." "How do you know that Black was the Potters' secret keeper?" she asked carefully. "Everybody knew! They were like brothers," Dumbledore replied. "Wouldn't that be a reason to choose somebody else and let everybody think it was Black?" "What are you getting at?" Dumbledore frowned. "I don't think it makes sense for Sirius Black to betray James Potter," Minerva said calmly, deciding to believe Sirius version of the story if Dumbledore didn't offer her any kind of proof soon. That way she could keep Harry safe as well. "You said it yourself: they were like brothers." "But it's obvious, Minerva! Black killed Pettigrew!" Dumbledore protested. Minerva pinched the back of her nose. "Let's look at what we know for sure, before jumping to conclusions. Somebody betrayed the Potter's. Pettigrew and Black got into a fight and muggles died while Pettigrew disappeared. The Potters died and Voldemort disappeared. Somebody took Harry. Is there any evidence? Photographs or films?" Dumbledore pulled out a photograph from his robes and placed it on the table in front of Minerva silently. She took it and watched carefully as Sirius yelled at Peter before both drew their wands and everything exploded. It was not clear who said the spell and something about the photograph unsettled her. She watched the scene unfold again and again, studying the people in the picture carefully. After she watched it for the sixth time, it hit her. Sirius had said that Peter was an animagus and had transformed during the explosion. And indeed, his shadow was missing in the smoke, but more importantly, one could watch it shrink if one paid enough attention. "Albus, look at this," Minerva said and pointed out her observation to Albus, who watched the scene unfold for several times before speaking up. "That's no proof that Pettigrew's alive," he said. "Or that Black is innocent. Pettigrew might be in hiding in fear of Black and hadn't come to us because of it." "Maybe you should ask Mister Lupin if he has been contacted by Peter Pettigrew then," Minerva said. "And ask him what he thinks has happened here." "He might not be of any help and be in this together with Black," Dumbledore sighed. "After all, he's..." "A werewolf. I am aware," Minerva cut him off. "But that doesn't mean he isn't a good man. You wanted my advice and here it is: go and talk to Mister Lupin tomorrow. And when you are done, send him here. I would like to talk to him myself." "You could come with me," Dumbledore said. "I am not a member of the Order, Albus. I am going to help you, but I will do it my way and that is getting information over a nice cup of tea and offering consolation to those who need it. Mister Lupin certainly will, as he has lost all of his closest friends in one night." Dumbledore nodded and drank out his tea. "I will be going then," he said. "It's been a long day and tomorrow will be equally exhausting if not worse." Minerva accompanied him to the door and made sure he left, before going upstairs to talk to Sirius again. As soon as she entered the guest room, Sirius, who had been dozing off in an armchair startled awake, almost dropping Harry whom he was still holding. The baby was unfazed by that and continued sleeping peacefully. "How did it go?" Sirius asked. "You were right," Minerva sighed and sat down on the edge of the bed. "He really thought the worst of you." "But you believe me?" Sirius sounded hopeful. "For now. Albus showed me a photograph that had been taken at the moment of the explosion and it looks like Pettigrew has either disapparated or transformed just like you said. Albus doesn't think that, but he is going to talk to Mister Lupin and will send him over tomorrow." Sirius nodded and leaned back, the relief clear on his face. "I am glad," he said. "What will you do now?" Minerva tilted her head. "No idea," Sirius confessed. "As I've already said, I came here for advice as I didn't know what to do." "I need to think," Minerva said after a short pause. "You should stay here for now, get some sleep and take a bath, get something to eat. And we need to get something edible for Harry as well. Do you know how old he is exactly?" Sirius shot her a grateful smile. "You are the best, Minnie." ooo Minerva woke up to a child crying and groaned. While she was used to being woken up at the oddest times in the case of an emergency, it was way too bloody early for this, but she had learned that Sirius had no idea how to care for a child the previous evening. Besides, he wouldn't be feeling very well as the events of the previous day would probably have hit him hard. If she was right, he hadn't fully processed what had happened due to adrenaline and the fact that he had to act. She would be lucky if he got out of bed and didn't go completely berserk and self-destructive. She had witnessed it way too often in people who had lost their loved ones during the past few years. Minerva stood up and walked over into the guest room, where Harry was lying in a transformed crib. To her surprise, Sirius was already leaning over him, looking at him with a sad expression on his face. "What's wrong with him?" she asked softly and Sirius looked at her in surprise. "I