This is my first attempt at writing anything remotely angsty. It's a two-shot and already completely written. I will post the second part depending on the response either this week or the next. That means, tell me what you think and you will get it earlier! Thanks to Nantai for betaing AND CHECK THE WARNINGS! I 15.12.2002 22:15 Draco stumbles through the door, throwing angry glances at the Aurors who pushed him in, an insult on his lips, when he notices Harry and Ron standing in the room. "Where is she?" Ron growls, but Harry holds his arm firmly, silently stopping the redhead from attacking Draco. Draco smiles as he straightens up, adjusting his jacket that had been ruffled when he was hurled to the Ministry. "So this is what this is about," he drawls. "Interesting. Too bad I can't help you." "Stop lying!" Ron says, and Draco sees Harry's hand tighten around his arm. "I am not lying," Draco says calmly, now serious. "I can't help you." "You were the last person who spoke to her," Harry pushes. "So what?" Draco asks, studying his nails. "Doesn't mean anything." "We have witnesses that saw you two arguing in front of her place the night she disappeared," Ron snarls and Draco looks up. "That still doesn't mean I have anything to do with it. I am sure your precious witnesses will tell you that she went upstairs and I left." "You are not leaving before we find her," Harry looks Draco directly in the eye, making a silent promise. Draco would spend the rest of his days in Azkaban if anything happened to Hermione. Draco's lips curl downward. "You can't hold me here forever, Potter," he hisses. "I can," Harry retorts, frowning. "And I will, unless you tell me what I want to know." "And what is it?" Draco asks as blood starts dripping from his hand as his fingernails dig into his skin. He is tired and angry. So angry. "You should sit down. It's going to be a long night," Harry says and motions to the chair nearest to Draco. There are two more at the other site of the table and Harry sits down on one, while Ron remains standing. Draco sighs and obliges. "You really had to do this at night, didn't you?" Harry ignores his comment and leans forward. "What were you arguing about?" "None of your business," Draco crosses his arms over his chest and frowns when he sees the blood dripping from his hand. "What were you doing there, then?" Harry asks. It is obvious that he is trying to control himself, but Draco can see that he is distressed. He has dark circles under his eyes and his hair is even messier than usual. He looks like he hasn't slept for days, maybe weeks. Draco isn't surprised. He can imagine what he is feeling and knows he would be the same if he was in their position. No, he would be even worse. Actually, he is worse, even though they can't see it. "I walked her home," Draco replies truthfully. He is willing to tell them that much. They know that he had been there anyway. "Why would you do that?" Ron asks and Draco turns to him. Ron is looking better than Harry, but seems angrier as well. He stands there with arms crossed over his chest, staring daggers into Draco. It's obvious, that he thinks Draco hurt Hermione, maybe even killed her. "She asked me to," Draco says and watches Ron's face change colour. "Liar," Ron hisses and Draco smirks. "Prove it," he drawls. "Why would she do that?" Harry steps in in an attempt to prevent an escalation so soon. He knows that there will one sooner or later, but he wants to get as much information as he can before that happens. "None of your business," Draco says again and he can practically hear Ron's teeth grind together. "Look, Malfoy," Harry runs a hand through his hair, sounding more tired than Draco has ever heard him. "I don't want to threaten you or torture you or anything, but I will if you don't cooperate. You have to understand that we have gotten permission to use any means necessary to find her. And I mean any." Draco bites his lip. He knows Harry well enough to know that he isn't joking. He would really do anything for Hermione if he truly believes it is the right thing to do, and he does right now. "We were going out," he says finally, watching Harry closely for any reaction. He doesn't need to watch Ron, no. His reaction is predictable. He turns red and starts accusing him of lying. But Harry isn't. "Why should I believe you?" Harry asks, his eyes never leaving Draco. "She has never as much as hinted that you were dating." "Just look at Weasley," Draco mutters. "Should be explanation enough for why she never told you." "Doesn't prove it's true," Harry says and Draco sighs. "Do I really have to spell everything out for you?" He is getting bored. He had hoped that the Minister would assign Hermione's case to somebody else because of the personal connection, but it seems they were kept on the case because of their vigour and well… They were war-heroes. Even years after the war they got what they wanted, Harry 'Saint' Potter especially. "Haven't you ever wondered about Hermione's change in behaviour? Leaving early, smiling a lot more, dressing up? Nothing?" Harry and Ron look at each other. "We noticed her fear," Ron says. "Her paranoia." Draco's face falls. "You think it's my fault." It isn't a question and he doesn't need an answer. It's written all over their faces. "Fine. How can I convince you that I am innocent?" "Tell us where she is," Harry says. "If you are telling the truth and you are indeed her boyfriend, you should know." Draco runs a hand through his hair. "We had a fight that evening just like you said. I didn't know she was going to disappear. Looking back, she might even have staged the fight to stop me from noticing that she was gone for a few days, if we assume that she left willingly." Harry nods. Draco's words make sense but he doesn't look too convinced. Maybe if it was anybody else he would have believed them, but Draco always gets the special treatment. He wishes sometimes that he had treated them better back at school, but always pushes that thought away, reminding himself that they hadn't been any better and certainly are not now. There is a reason why Hermione had never told them and he is reminded of it now more than ever. "How did it start?" Harry asks finally and Draco sighs. He should have known that he would go down that path. 7.4.2000 23:30 It is raining and Draco is in a terrible mood as he pushes open the door to his favourite muggle bar. He had started frequenting those establishments shortly after the war, wanting to be alone and unrecognised. He doesn't have to order and the bartender puts his gin in front of him silently. He has learned to leave Draco alone, except for the occasional refill or change of orders, shortly after Draco started coming there. Draco nods to him in thanks and moves to his favourite corner place. He sits there for hours, sipping from his drink and contemplating life, when the door bursts open suddenly, letting in the cold wind from outside and he hears some of the patrons mutter in protest. But he doesn't care, doesn't even bother to look up who the intruder is, and continues sipping his drink. He cherishes those nights away from everything that is his life these days and won't let anyone take them from him. That's until he hears quiet sobs next to him. Draco turns around to send them away but stops mid-word when the woman looks up. "Granger?" he whispers at the sight of her red eyes and she groans. "It is just my luck to run into you," she says with defeat in her voice. "Go ahead, make fun of me." Draco wants to say something, to insult her, but he doesn't find the words. He had seen her cry on several occasions before, but it had been different and she hadn't been anything but fierce since then. He pushes his glass to her instead and she looks at him intensely before taking it and drinking up in one go. Draco nods to the bartender and two new glasses are placed in front of them. "Why are you here?" she asks as she uses her sleeves to wipe away her tears. Draco grimaces and offers her his handkerchief. "I don't ask you, you don't ask me," he says and Hermione falls silent, but takes the handkerchief and cleans her face. They sit there for a while, drinking in silence. She smiles at him when she leaves. 15.12.2002 23:00 "And you are telling me that it had become a regular occurrence?" Harry asks, finishing his notes on Draco's story. Draco nods. "It's hard to believe," Harry says. "She never drank much." "War changes people, Potter," Draco drawls and Ron slams his hand on the table. "That's enough," he hisses and Draco rises an eyebrow. "Excuse me?" "I've had enough of your lies. Tell me what you have done to her! Now," he demands. Draco looks at Harry who looks more and more tired with every passing minute. "You should take a break, Ron," he says and Ron gapes at him. "What are you talking about? Don't tell me you believe him!" Ron fumes and Harry sighs. "Ron, your emotions are clouding your judgement. You are tired and temperamental and please, let me find out what he knows," Harry pleads and Ron turns red, but finally agrees. The door barely closed behind him when Harry's face darkens. "What did you mean by that?" he asks. "We grew up," Draco replies nonchalantly and Harry runs a hand through his hair. "So she didn't say anything to you?" he asks. "About what?" Draco demands. Harry could be hinting at anything, but if he is talking about what Draco thinks he is, this conversation just turned ten times more interesting. "She believed that somebody was following her," Harry says, watching Draco like an eagle, keen on seeing his reaction. "We didn't believe her." "But you do now. You think it was me," Draco finishes his sentence and there is no question in it. "That's why you send Weasley away. You feared he would jump me." "Were you following her?" Harry asks quietly. "No," Draco replies. "Why should I? She came to me because you didn't believe her." 3.6.2000 0:20 Draco sits at his usual spot in the bar all alone, sipping from his drink, but he is keeping an eye on the door just in case. Draco fears that she won't come again every time he sees her go. When she comes in he is relieved. He has come to enjoy her company even if they don't talk. It's just good to have somebody there, somebody who understands. He has to admit he is surprised that she is there that evening, as she doesn't usually come in on Fridays. His face falls when he notices that she's shaking. "What's going on?" he asks, breaking the rule he had established that first night. "Nothing," she mutters, staring into her drink and her knuckles turn white around her glass. "Then why are you here?" Draco pushes and Hermione flashes him an angry glare. "Since when do you care?" she asks and Draco scoffs. "I am trying to be nice for once in my life," he hisses and Hermione shrugs. "Go being nice somewhere else," she says and Draco's jaw clenches. "It's the same thing like before, isn't it?" he demands and Hermione turns to face him, her