Welcome to Radiate! (the sequel to Ignite - it's highly recommended that you read that first + below are spoilers for Ignite ) This sequel was highly requested and I'd already been thinking about this sequel while writing Ignite so I'm happy to do it! I'm so thrilled that everyone has waited patiently for this sequel as I've been preparing for my grade 11 finals! My last one is Monday, so I thought now would be a good time to post the first chapter. The story is not done yet, I still have a lot to write, but since my summer break is almost here I'm going to try my hardest to post at least once a week! ::Bella and Edward are finally together for good after finding out Bella's whole life was a boycott against her family. After many events play out, Bella makes up her mind and the Volturi learn of their fate.:: Disclaimer: Stephanie Meyer own all rights and privileges that are The Twilight Saga. I do not own anything, I only borrow her characters to provide you with the following... "Edward!" I squealed. His mouth continued its path up my neck and eventually made it to my lips. I couldn't help but kiss him back playfully. Edward had me trapped underneath him on our bed. We were going to be late for school. My first day had been utterly boring and mentally exhausting. But unlike the Cullens who grew bored of school over time, I grew to enjoy it more. I'd been to Volterra at least once a month since living in Forks, and coming back and going to school was the right amount of boring I needed. "No – no Edward. We have to go," I mumbled against his lips. "Two minutes, Bella?" He was trying to distract me my kissing me deeply again, but I didn't let it happen… even though I wanted to grant him his two more minutes, we had somewhere to be. I grabbed his face between my hands to stop him. "Come on, we have to go." I took advantage of his stillness and snuck out from underneath him to the other side of the room. I laughed as I watched him fall face first onto the bed. "I still don't understand why you enjoy going so much." He got up and straightened out his shirt. "Because it's the only thing close to normal I ever get," I replied and started smoothing out his hair; which was ruffled, courtesy of my hands. "The most feared vampire in the world – going to high school with a bunch of humans. Yes, that sounds very normal to me." He smirked. I wacked my hand against his chest. "Shut up!" "Let's go!" I heard Alice yell two floors down. I grabbed Edward's hand and dragged him downstairs. "Come on, Eddie. She's been back for a week," Emmett commented. He growled as Esme walked in. "I don't need another stair broken, and I believe you have somewhere to be." "Yes, we do. Let's go!" Alice said. I had a feeling Alice and I were the only ones taking school seriously anymore. We were almost done our junior year of high school. Of course, I already missed a lot of the past six months from being in Volterra. I could tell everyone was getting bored. Edward held my hand, as usual, as we drove to school. Alice and Jasper went with Rosalie and Emmett, which was unusual. His hand suddenly tightened around mine. "Edward?" He hesitated, and then asked, "When do you think you'll have to leave again?" I sighed. "I don't know." "I hate it." "I do too." "You know-" "No," I cut him off. "How many times have we talked about this? There's no compromise. You're not coming." His hand tightened more. "What if there comes a day when you leave and never come back?" "I can take care of myself. The day doesn't exist," I told him. He was silent and suddenly needed two hands to drive. "As horrible as this may sound; me losing you is a lot worse." 'Why would you say that?" "Because it's true. You have a family to fall back on. A family that needs you. I'm easily replaceable." "Not to me. Never say that again. You are the most important thing in my life. The only thing that makes my life worth living." He said this sincerely, but there was still a hard edge to his voice. This wasn't the first time we had this conversation. It happened as often as I left. It was unfortunately easy for us to turn around our moods in a matter of minutes and was especially easy when Jasper wasn't around. It put somewhat of a strain on our relationship, but it was hard to stay mad when we knew I'd soon have to leave again. Maybe he didn't see how much I hated being away from him. No, he only saw how happy I was to travel and be with my other family. I wasn't sure when it would all come to an end. Perhaps it never would and I would have to live forever, torn between what I love and who I love. "Will this ever make sense?" I asked to no one. Edward sighed. "I don't know." "Edward, my life didn't make sense before you came along. I didn't know who I was. You have to understand that I can't risk your life, so mine will be better. I won't do it." The car slowed down as we approached the school. "What do you say to playing hookie today?" Edward asked. Before I could answer the car speed up again, and the school flashed by. "I don't have a choice now," I said, waving a hand at the school behind us. "No, I'd go back if you really wanted me to." He smiled a crooked smile. "I guess I don't mind… will Alice be angry?" I asked, remembering how she and I were the only reason we still went. "I suppose we'll find out later." His hand found mine again, and I felt my body sink into the leather seats. He lifted my hand in his and kissed the back of it. I didn't question where we were going. I already knew we were headed to the meadow. It was the only place we could be truly alone. I let him through my shield. There was no hiding anything now. Edward knew I liked being with the Volturi, but he knew that I loved being with him even more. I'm sorry , I spoke through my thoughts. "I understand," he replied. My shield snapped back and forced him out; I didn't want him to see that I was almost hurt by his reply. There was no forgiveness, only understanding. I knew I wasn't going to get it – we all had our own selfish desires. Mine was that he'd always wait. His was that I'd always stay. Two opposites were what we'd always be. Once we made it to the edge of the forest, I chased Edward to the clearing. As we came to its edge, I sped up and jumped on his back. "Gotcha," I whispered in his ear before kissing his neck and jumping back down. He didn't react to my playful gesture; he just sat in the field and closed his eyes. I sat in front of him and traced patterns on his hands. "Do you believe absence makes the heart grow fonder?" He suddenly asked. I looked up at him to find his eyes open; looking at me with curiosity. "Would it be driving a wedge between us if it didn't?" I answered honestly. "I mean – all we can do is miss each other when I leave." I looked back down to his hands and was suddenly nervous. Had I been too honest? Would this make it worse? "Maybe I could go with you next time?" This had to be the fifth time he suggested it. "All we'll do is worry about each other if something dramatic enough happens…I don't want that. It's surprisingly a coincidence that most of the guard doesn't have mates." "You could teach me… then you wouldn't have to worry," he said very quietly; I almost didn't hear it. "Wouldn't you still be worrying about me?" I countered. "I heard somewhere that you can take care of yourself." He smirked. "You really want to learn from me? Are you sure?" "I think the world's most powerful vampire can handle it." I smiled back at him. "You guys really need to stop referring to me as that." "Is that a yes?" He sounded hopeful. I looked at him for a while before answering. "How about – I'll train you but that doesn't mean you're coming next time?" I guessed he was okay with the answer because in one second he was on top of me and I threw him across the meadow. He landed in a crouch and I leaned into one. "Don't hold back, Cullen." "Never, Volturi." We fought for a while and I gave him a couple of tips, but then he started asking details. "Does it come down to a fight a lot?" He asked. "Hardly. It's a rumor that we only visit to destroy. Most of the time, we don't even visit because of a crime, we do it just to check up on people." "What if someone does something threatening when you're checking up?" "We see a lot of things as threatening, but that doesn't mean we take it seriously. We'll amp up our eye on them …" I trailed off as Edward started to stare at something behind me. I turned around slowly to find the sky bursting with shades of pink and orange. My skin glowed with the sunset I saw through a space in the trees. I'd never seen a sunset so beautiful in all my years. I felt Edward arms wrap around my waist and his lips against my ear. I swiftly turned around to face him and locked my mouth with his. The passion overwhelmed me and sent my hands into his hair as his arms continued to tighten and pull me closer against him. I wasn't sure how much time had passed, but eventually I pulled away. "We should go back," I said breathlessly. He pecked my forehead and we ran off back to the house. When I got home I heard my phone ringing and realized that I left it home all day. I quickly went over to it and the caller ID told me it was my dad; there was about ten missed calls. "Hello?" "Hello, Bella," his voice came through the phone. He sounded odd… almost tired. "What's wrong?" I asked. I felt myself starting to panic. "I'll tell you when you get here. But we are currently in a state of emergency. How fast can you get down? I arranged everything for you, just go straight to the landing strip." "Dad? What's going on?" As I asked this, I turned to look at Edward but he was talking to Alice. Thanks to their powers, I wasn't exactly sure what they were talking about. "I can't tell you right now. You need to get over here." "Okay. I'm on my way." I kept my eyes on Edward as I said this and hung up. I didn't have time to think about how much I didn't want to leave; I was too panicked about whatever was going on in Volterra. "Edward, I have to leave." There was no way to say it nicely, I'd learned. "I heard," he sighed dramatically. I didn't need to read minds to know what he was thinking. "Edward-" "It wouldn't be so bad if I could go, you know." "Did you not hear that? Emergency. As in; dangerous. As in; I don't have time to fight with you about this." I