CULLEN FAMILY : Esme and Carlisle. Rosalie and Emmett. Jasper and Victoria. Edward. Alice. Wensley and Jessica. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. Rated: T. Author: xPaige Turnerx Summary: COMPLETED AND WAITING TO POST. "Trust me, dating a vampire and having a wolf for a brother are the LEAST complicated aspects of my life. Every now and then my nose reenacts the elevator scene from The Shining, and I randomly wake up in the woods. Normal was shot to Hell a long time ago." " At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are you know what you want." -Lao Tzu The seatbelt light on the plane flashed with a little bing noise, and she knew they were close to landing. She'd known that for a while, however, as she sat in the window seat gazing out at the open air around them for most of the flight. It was a path she had taken many, many times over the years, whenever she went to visit her father. She could recognize landmarks here and there the closer and lower they got. This time was different from all the others. Besides the fact that this was her first time back in almost eight years, she would be staying indefinitely for the time being. Usually it was just the summer for a visit before she was shipped back to Phoenix with her mother. She hadn't actually lived with Charlie since...well, she was much too young to remember that far back. But she couldn't stay with Renee anymore, it was time to let go and let her live her life. Ironic, considering that's how most mothers felt about their daughters, not the other way around. Bella clipped her seatbelt together and put up the tray in front of her, thinking back to what started this all in the first place. Turning from the television screen on the other side of the room, Bella leaned over the arm of the couch to try and see down the hall and into the kitchen. She could hear Phil's heavy footsteps echoing on the tiled floor as he paced back and forth. Back and forth. Back... and forth. He seemed more twitchy than usual and Bella briefly wondered what was up and if there was trouble in paradise for him and her mother. With a sigh, Bella pushed herself up from the couch. If there was trouble, she was obligated to try and fix it. Or help, at the very least. Those two lovebirds were meant for each other, they loved each other, and she wasn't about to let anything wreck that. She wanted her mom to be happy because Renee sure as hell wanted Bella to be happy. She did everything she could think of to help Bella in whatever she needed. Bella leant against the fridge, crossing her arms over her chest. Her odd eyes flickered over Phil's form silently, so silent that only when he turned around and saw her did he know she was there. The man jumped, holding his hand to his chest. "Bella! Jeez, you scared me. How long have you been there?" he asked wearily. " Only a moment," Bella answered softly, her tone concerned. "Are you okay?" He nodded fiercely, forcing a smile on his face. "Yes, of course. I'm more than okay. I'm great. I've never been better, actually." He shifted his weight from foot to foot nervously, somehow feeling like he was the teenager under their parent's scrutiny. It happened a lot with Bella, he never could figure out why. "And, uh, a lot of that has to do with your mother. You know how much I love her, right?" " Immeasurably," Bella said with her own nod. He looked confused for a moment before seeming to agree with her. Bella's mouth curved up into a small smile. Phil scratched the back of his neck. "Yeah. I couldn't measure it if I tried. You got a way with words sometimes, Bella. But yeah. So..." he coughed awkwardly and Bella was reminded of her father. Renee sure had a type. "So, I wanna ask her to marry me. W-with your permission. You're the single most important thing in Renee's life, and if it was ever not okay with you, I-" " Phil," Bella called, watching as the man got more and more worked up about the whole thing. Married? Again? That was... big. But if anyone could try and tame the firebird Renee was, it was Phil. "That's... that's great news. Of course you have my permission. I wish you all the luck in the world, you two are great together." After that, Phil had been decidedly less twitchy. He raced out to buy a ring, asked Bella for proposal ideas, and popped the question by the end of the week. Bella sat them both down, asked them their plans for the future, and when Phil mentioned a house and maybe some kids, Bella saw Renee's eyes light up in a way she hadn't seen in... years. Since she met him. So she did what all reasonable and loving daughters would do, and offered to move out. Or rather, in with her dad instead. Those two were about to start a life together, and the last thing they needed was a teenager running around the house and cramping their style. That and Bella knew if she stuck around, she would be saddled with diaper duty eventually. So after a lot of tears, on Renee's part mostly, and some grateful words from Phil, Bella spent the next week packing up what she couldn't live without, and called her dad. To be honest, Bella wasn't quite sure how he felt about it. Charlie was a lot like Bella, or rather Bella was a lot like her father, and both of them weren't the best at expressing themselves or their emotions. He said it was a great idea and he couldn't wait to have her back in Forks, but sometimes Bella wasn't sure. Maybe it was just nerves. But who wanted a teenage kid dropped on their doorstep all of a sudden like that? Bella spotted her duffle bag and suitcase in luggage claim, swinging the bag's strap across her chest and grabbing the suitcase. Charlie said he'd be waiting just outside, and when Bella finally spotted him in the crowd, she grinned. Charlie Swan hadn't changed a bit over the years, except for the tiny bit of greying in his hair on his temples. Everything else was the same, right down to the moustache and laugh lines around his eyes. He even smelled the same, that unique mixture of tobacco and mint. Something Renee used to claim she couldn't stand, but Bella had loved since... forever. Probably because tobacco and mint meant dad, but still. Bella let out the sigh she didn't know she'd been holding when Charlie pulled her into an awkward one armed hug. "Heya, kiddo. Stand back, lemme take a look at ya," Charlie said, gently pushing Bella back. "It's only been a year, dad," Bella muttered with a light blush. He nodded. "Yeah, but look at ya! Tall as your dad already and as beautiful as your mother." Not knowing how to reply, Bella just shrugged with a smile. Renee had told her, perhaps prematurely, on her sixth birthday, that Bella had been quite literally left on their doorstep one night during a storm. Bella thought she'd been joking, or exaggerating at least (who honestly ditches a kid on a doorstep during a storm?) in the beginning, but as they years went on, the story never changed. Never faltered. Never... didn't add up. And when she was old enough to research it on her own, looking through old Forks Newspapers, she found the article. So, knowing she biologically never got a thing from either parent, Bella settled for a "You too." until she remembered what he said. "Er. You know what I mean." "I'm as beautiful as Renee?" Charlie asked with a chuckle. Bella nodded. "Yeah. Pretty as a flower." "Ah shaddup," he grumbled, walking over to the cruiser and opening the back door. "Here, lemme help you with your ba-...never mind." He watched as Bella heaved the heavy luggage into the back seat with ease, and rushed to open the passenger door for her. Once he was seated and they were on the road and away from people, he saw her push the dark, reflective shades up into her hair and massage her temples. "So, uh...still sporting the shades?" With a half-hearted frown, Bella turned her unique gaze to her father. Brown orbs melted away into a mossy green that matched the forest outside the window. Unique. Charlie and Renee had been insisting she call it that, rather than her 'freakish eyes' like the other kids had when she was younger. They were adamant on making her believe that she was special and not some weird, defected child. Which, if she were being truthful with herself, she really was. Strangely enough, her changing eyes were not the oddest thing about her. Luckily for infant Bella, Renee was a big fan of odd and unusual. Shaking herself from thoughts that were likely to take a dark turn, Bella forced herself to smile at her father. "Yeah, it's a lot easier to hide them than to explain them. Does the school...?" "Oh! Yeah, I called the principal and he told all your teachers not to mention the shades. They think it's, uh..." Charlie's brows furrowed as he tried to remember what he told the principal. "Extreme light sensitivity that triggers bad migraines. Which wasn't exactly a lie because of your headaches." "Thanks," Bella said with a more genuine smile. "So... how's... uh... stuff?" Charlie shifted around in his seat, just as uncomfortable at the thought of small talk as his daughter was. "It's good. Work's good. The house is good. Billy and Harry are good – hey," he grinned at her suddenly, "I almost forgot about that. Jake's been asking about you since I told them you're moving up here with us." "Who?" Bella asked curiously, looking out the window as the city disappeared and they were surrounded by miles and miles of trees on either side of the highway. Man. Forks was green. She glanced in the side mirror to see the mossy colour leave her eyes, and tried to decide if the pale colour was more yellow or green now. Charlie nodded and waved his hand around a little. "You know, Jacob Black. He was only your very best friend. You guys were brothers." "Uh," her brows furrowed, "I'm a girl, dad." He blushed deeply, eyes fixed on the road as embarrassment flooded the car. "I know that, Bella. Jeeze. You really don't remember him? You guys ran around Forks and the Res all day every day, insisting you were 'blood brothers' and that you couldn't go back to Phoenix and leave your brother behind." Charlie finally looked over at his daughter, reaching out to touch her left hand. "Even did that weird blood pact shake, took nine stitches to close up. You taught him how to braid his hair to keep it out of his face and he taught you how to climb trees. Never really took..." "Wha!" Bella sputtered at the implication of her clumsy nature. However, a foggy little memory did force its way to the surface of her mind. Chasing a little tan boy around on bikes all day, playing in the woods and the beach. She looked down at her palm and the jagged, two inch scar there, running her fingers along it. "It sounds familiar. Didn't... didn't his mom pass away?" Charlie's face faded into a sombre frown and he nodded gently again. "Yeah. There was a car accident, Jake lost his mother and Billy lost his legs. Jake took it pretty hard and stopped coming around the house, instead staying home to