I know you've suffered But I don't want you to hide It's cold and loveless I won't let you be denied She isn't the worst person. It's all she can think, laying here in the street, feeling the life draining out of her just as quick as the rain washes away her blood. She isn't the best person, she knows that, she's aware that she could have been better, could have done more. Excuses come easily, as easily as "I did what I was taught to do," and if she is to blame, then so are her parents. You don't turn out good and pure with a mother and father like hers; shallow, selfish, two-faced socialites. If they could not somehow use you to get what they wanted, then you didn't exist, so was it really any surprise she became so starved for affection that she gave in to such vanity? Rosalie Hale's beauty -breathtaking and ethereal- garnered the attention of those who... no. Of all. From working class to old money aristocrats, all the way down to the beggars on the street. Men and their deviant fantasies, women and their aesthetic appreciation, there was no head that could not be turned in Rosalie Lillian Hale's wake. As a result? Not many people could say no to the blonde statuesque, thus she was used to getting her way more often than not. In fact, to reject Rosalie Hale was unheard of... Soothing I'll make you feel pure Trust me You can be sure He sighs, deep and dejected, taking one last look at their video game. The human was still fairly new to the family, Edward had only recently brought her home for that awkward meeting, and one could not say it had gotten any better since then. Unused to actively interacting with humans -and spending most of their time trying to keep their distance from them- the Cullens were uncertain how to act around her. Everyone except Alice, of course, who already claimed Bella to be her best friend, but Edward was doing his best to buffer between the two. He seemed to have some kind of aversion to the two of them spending lengthy amounts of time together, though neither would explain why. Granted, Edward often refused to explain or defend his selfish nature, and they'd given up long ago trying to rectify it. The boy was as stubborn as he was selfish, and most of the family felt it easier to give in or ignore rather than deal with. ... Much like Rosalie's temper, that had Emmett resigned to losing the largest television in the house so she could watch her programs. Even if he called dibs to set up a game to play with Bella, attempting to bond with the human. Ah well. There was always next weekend. Emmett sets his controller down on the coffee table, offering Rosalie a lopsided grin to mask his frustration. "Sure thing, babe," he says jovially and looks around for the remote to switch inputs. He spots it on the arm of the couch Bella is leaning against. "Heya, Boo, wanna toss me the remote?" "Sure, let's just finish our round first," she says distractedly. Her tongue is peeking out the side of her lips, buttons mashing beneath ink-stained fingertips. "I'll show you some cool concept art for the Resident Evil series after." Eyebrows inching up his forehead, Emmett turns to Rosalie with a mildly shocked look on his face because god, does the human not see her?! Rosalie's staring hard, expectantly at him, like she expects him to simply scoop up the human and carry her off. Which, if he's being totally honest, doesn't seem like a half bad idea. Especially if it means sidestepping a confrontation with Rosalie. But the blonde has better plans, or perhaps less patience, and shoulders her way around the friendly giant. She stops just to the brunette's side, and if she notices that Bella's jean-clad knee rests against her leg, she doesn't mention it. Instead, her hands come up to rest on her hips, and black eyes threaten to burn a hole in the side of Bella's head. "I want to watch television." "Yeah, we live in a golden age of television, I'd wanna watch it too," Bella replies without missing a beat. Her dark eyes remain on the screen, the drum in her chest ever steady, and Rosalie really hates the reaction she gets from the human. Or rather, the lack of reaction she gets from her. Her fingers dig into her hips until she's certain she'll find little cracks later on. "Give me the remote," she snarls and – yup, there goes her patience. She'd promised Esme she would try harder, especially with this human, but in her defence, this human happens to be the most insufferable human. The game is finally paused, Bella resting the controller on her lap. Her head lolls to the side, face tilting up to look at Rosalie. Too slow, too casual, and Rosalie is already preparing for what she knows is to come. Still, she waits for Bella to adjust her embarrassingly thick and clunky glasses. (she'd call Bella a hipster for such large, bold frames if not for the fact that anything smaller would look ridiculous trying to hold such thick lenses. Turns out, the human was blind without them. Not only had Edward brought home a human, but a defective one at that.) Bella's hand raises, covered in ink from both pen and needle (it's like she tried to counter all the dorky with badass and became a dizzying swirl of punk and nerd, and no , Rosalie doesn't like it, she doesn't find it attractive or endearing, she doesn't care. She doesn't.) and fires a finger gun at the blonde with a wink. "Bite me, Hale." "Don't tempt me, mortal," Rosalie spits out. She waits long enough to study those eyes staring up at her, amused and alight with excitement, no offence lingering anywhere within, no frustration, no rejection, nothing she always finds in Emmett's gaze. Just playful mischief waiting for her. She turns on her heel and storms back out of the living room, slamming her door when she hears the game start up again. I want to reconcile the violence in your heart I want to recognize your beauty is not just a mask I want to exorcise the demons from your past I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart She knows it's wrong. Behaving like her parents, she knew from a young age that it wasn't how people should be. Wasn't how she was, not deep down. Her parents disgust her. How they could have such warped values of life, how they could ever put anything before family? After all, she is often on the receiving end of such treatment. She knows how terrible it feels, to be used, to be neglected, to be abused like this. She didn't want to end up like this, she really didn't. As a child, she often promised herself that she wouldn't. That she would grow up to be the opposite of her parents, that people would love her for her, not because of what they could get from her. She would have a large family and love each member with all her heart, protect them with all she was, and never let anyone hurt them. Not like she's been hurt. And for a brief moment, she got this. She was set on the path towards her dream; Royce finally took an active interest in her and began the courting ritual. She was the envy of the town for a new reason and, for once, she simply did not care. What did it matter what others thought of her when she would soon have little children running around, loving her with all of their heart and souls for her . The unconditional love a child has for their mother and vice versa. Everything else... it just faded to the background. Warning signs included. Yes, okay, Royce wasn't the greatest man. He was as shallow as her parents, narrow-minded, and bigoted. But he could also be generous. He was often the first one to dip into his pocket for others; extravagant parties, expensive gifts, lavish housing. The greatest gift he was going to give her, however, was the chance at starting a family, and for that she overlooked much. Perhaps this is karma then, she thinks, gazing up at the starlit night sky. Overlooking his discrepancies, turning a blind eye to his cruelty towards others, facilitating his misdeeds. The rage in her heart chews through the guilt and self-doubt until her broken body burns with an undying hunger for vengeance. Nobody deserves what happened here tonight, she knows that. She wants to scream it into the night but she's already screaming, she's been screaming since it began and she may never, ever stop. How could anyone distinguish the fury from the pain, from the sorrow and despair, from the horror reflected in violet eyes? Everything gone in an instant. Her dreams of a family, her innocence, her life. All taken from her. Taken from her, not simply lost. Too much had been taken from her, her childhood, her chance at a decent life of love, her future, and she is sick of it. Sick to death, or deathly sick, or simply just dying. Dying. A cruel end to a bitter life – and he wants her to beg for more of it? For a moment longer of this burning agony, while they stand above her, laughing and drinking, like it's some kind of game? No. Rosalie Hale begs for nothing of no one. Royce may have taken everything from her, but not this. Not her pride. Not even as she lays broken and bleeding in the street. Her mouth won't stop screaming, but she hopes he can see her eyes, see the loathing hate in them. Hopes it haunts him for the rest of his days, and that they are short and full of misery because he deserves nothing less. In fact, he deserves much worse. But Rosalie can't feel her legs anymore and she doubts that he will suffer by her hand so her last bet is to pray that he suffers by someone else's. The universe owes her that much, at least. You trick your lovers That you're wicked and divine You may be a sinner But your innocence is mine Bella sits in the hospital bed, broken and battered but alive, and she can't really believe it. Can't really wrap her head around it – well, she can, because she knows how vampires work. How fast and strong they are. That part she can believe, because she had been sat down and explained to meticulously by both Esme and Carlisle. She understands that the Cullens were on the opposite side of the parking lot, clumped around the volvo like every other morning. She understands that she had wandered off to go say hi to her human friends before class. She understands that the slick, wet pavement of the parking lot was icy from the drop in temperature and that Tyler couldn't help that his breaks locked up. She even understands how Rosalie was staring at her with wide, black eyes from across the parking lot one moment, and was shoving her back into the side of Angela's car the next. She understands the blonde crouched down, holding out her hands, and stopped Tyler's van from crushing them both. She understands that the vampire stared down at her for eternal seconds after that, her face a mixture of genuine fear and surprise and rage. And, of course, she understands why Rosalie snarled at her that she was a dumb, clumsy human who needed to keep her mouth shut about everything until one of the others talked to her, all before sliding over the hood of Angela's car and jogging