Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. Rated: T. Author: xPaige Turnerx Summary: It's your classic girl finds love in a coffee shop... if you replace girl with tired old immortal and coffee shop with comic shop and love with aggravated endearment that eventually leads to soul-bound devotion and affection. 'Happiness hit her like a train on a track Coming towards her stuck still no turning back.' It wasn't that she didn't like spending time with Carlisle, not at all, because honestly, he was one of a handful of people she could actually stomach being around for more than a few minutes at a time. He offered the same calming tranquillity and understanding compassion as Jasper, minus the annoying habit of being able to read her like a book. Not that she held that against her brother, either. She knew it was more of a curse to him than it was to her, and she felt haunted by her gifted siblings. Nowhere to go, nowhere to turn, always stripped bare simply existing near them, her very core exposed. Every day she was thankful that it was these three generous, kind souls that inherited such gifts. Still, on this particular day, Rosalie was regretting asking the patriarch along with her. Not only did he want to walk through the city, but he would not stop greeting people on the sidewalk. Every person they passed, he offered a friendly 'hello' or 'good afternoon!' and Rosalie was desperately trying to squash the urge to strangle the man. She had enough people staring at her in a day, she didn't need him to bring extra attention to them. Not even her scowl could deter these strangers from pausing them to have a small chitchat with the pretty doctor, and thus she was forced to wait for him to catch up every few blocks. As she was now, leaning against the side of the building, arms crossed, scowl at the ready. Watching Carlisle smile and shake the woman's hand again before the two of them parted ways, and he headed over. His smile was wide and he waved what looked like a colourful pamphlet at Rosalie, holding it up when he approached. "Good news! This woman pointed me in the direction of a comic store across the road and down another block. She said they've been there forever, they have a lot of merchandise, exceptional service. Not a chain store, or quite well known, so chances are they're not out of whatever you're looking for." "Great, another dreary hole in the wall run by a herd of mouthbreathers waiting to ogle me," Rosalie sighed and spun on her heel. She stepped into the street, ignoring the screech of tires from the car skidding to a halt before slamming into her. The prophanities hurled her way morphed into a cat-call halfway through that bounced right off of her, dying in the cold silence of her wake. Carlisle jogged across the street after her, waving apologies to the few cars who were forced to such a sudden stop. "We don't need to enter if it makes you this uncomfortable," he said thoughtfully. "Perhaps we could find another store, or you could order it online back home?" "We're already here, might as well look," she shrugged, "and you know how the internet frustrates me. I'd rather find it myself. Besides, if I let the risk of obscene men run me off each time, I'd never get to step foot outside of the house." The patriarch nodded, staring down at the neon coloured pamphlet in his hands with furrowed brows. "Humanity has taken great strides, both forwards and backwards," he agreed. "It boggles me to try and understand how we've come so far while simultaneously degrading to such harmful attitudes towards fellow demographics." "People suck." A small smile curved his lips up and Carlisle sighed, shaking his head fondly. "A perfect way to sum it all up." They stopped in front of an older brick building and looked up at the sign that was nearly falling off, being held up only by the vines that had crawled up the corner of the building and climbed across to the other side. Fortress of Inked Solitude Only with her heightened sense of sight, did Rosalie catch the messily scrawled geeks welcome underneath in blue sharpie. She snorted and glanced around the front of the shop, silently appraising, judging, and was... impressed. Over the years, Emmett had dragged her to many comic book shops and they were all... predictably the same. This one felt different. This one had character. From the doodles scribbled on the windows, both inside and out, to the flyers taped up all over the front of the building. The seriously overgrown potted plants on either side of the door that would impress even Esme. The dragon door handle, and weird elven horn that replaced the bell above the door. Inside was much the same, with the front counter up by the windows to the left, the rest of the floor was left open with shelves and tables full to the brim with merchandise. Comics, books, action figures. Posters lined walls, model aircrafts from various fandoms hung from the ceiling. Mannequins displayed clothes, each with an equally unique and disturbing face drawn on, and randomly found all throughout the area were more plants. Exotic looking flowers, regular house plants, and literally a small tree. Each one thriving, individual scents morphing into one intoxicating, delightful smell. This... this may have been the nicest space Rosalie had ever stepped into. She felt clean here. Clean, pure, refreshed, and warm. God. Warm. She hadn't felt warm in years, and years, and years. Not since she first met Emmett. And then someone had to go and snore, the obnoxious sound shattering the peaceful calm that had settled over the shop, over Rosalie, that had felt more like a hug than her boyfriend's arms around her. Spine straightening, Rosalie glared over to the corner of the room and the raised platform. Up the two steps, a large circular table sat, next to a coffee machine and a vending machine. At the table, a young man was hunched over with his head in his arms, chest rising and falling with each breath. He snored again and Rosalie was ready to storm back out of the building. Just as she turned, however, someone popped up from behind the front counter over by the window, and Rosalie felt the entire world shift on its axis. Her hand shot out, fingers brushing against the glass of the door, steadying herself as she stared at the girl who suddenly appeared in her life from nowhere. With a grunt, the brunette heaved a large, boxy book up onto the counter and let it land with a bang. The cover had some kind of tacky jewel on the front, big and shiny and red, but Rosalie could not pry her eyes away from the angel who puffed out a breath from pink cheeks. The girl tucked a thick lock of her dark hair behind her ear and the simple action entranced Rosalie. As Mystery Angel pushed large, circular wire-framed glasses back up the bridge of her nose, Rosalie twitched. Endearing. What? Cute. Mine. What?! Enticing. Run. Go. Away. Leave. Move. BLINK. The girl finally looked up, equally dark eyes peering across at Rosalie curiously. Lips pulled up into a smile that felt like sunshine and it took everything in Rosalie's power not to step back. Not to grab the nearest shelf, throw it at the girl, and run away. "Hey there," the girl greeted around an amused chuckle. "Is there something I can... something I can... nope, can't do it. We need to address this thing that's happening here. What," she shook her head and actually laughed this time, and Rosalie marvelled at the sensation it caused in her chest, "what has you looking like you've just stepped on a weight-triggered mine?" Wide eyes shifted to the side, Rosalie looking to Carlisle for help. The man was staring at her with open fascination and bewilderment, his eyebrows reaching high up his forehead, hand on his chin holding his open slacked jaw, the other raised in the air curiously. The girl snorted and Rosalie's attention was brought back to her. Back to her and those pretty little white flowers in her damn hair. Her head tilted to the side, dark curtain of hair falling over her shoulder, while she fought to tame her smile. "I'm sorry, this is the weirdest encounter of my life, and it's super adorable." Rosalie's wide golden eyes narrowed into a glare, face contorting back into a scowl as her body relaxed. The smile aimed her way dimmed down into a light frown. "Oh shoot, clearly the wrong thing to say." "I'm looking for a comic," Rosalie said brusquely and stalked up to the front counter. She grabbed Carlisle's sleeve on the way, forcing the man into action, disturbing him from his bewildered wonder. "A specific comic." She slammed down a piece of paper with the title's name on it on the counter before crossing her arms over her chest. The girl hummed with intrigue, brown eyes watching Rosalie with interest until she finally pulled her gaze away to the paper below. She reached up to spin the paper towards her and Rosalie caught sight of ink just under the cuff of her sleeve, hated the way that curiosity ate at her gut. "A good choice," the girl said and glanced back up. Stared up at Rosalie from over her glasses before pushing them back up her nose, eyes crinkling with happiness. "You have excellent taste." "It's for my-friend," the blonde faltered, tripping over her words, "boy." "Your... friend boy." "Yes." "Friend that is a boy or boyfriend?" "Yes." Again, the girl laughed and Rosalie's jaw clenched painfully. "A fountain of knowledge, you are! Either way, it's a great issue. Trust me, I know all about issues." And suddenly she was rolling. Rolling around the counter, on a pair of rollerskates, her form wobbly as she held out her arms to catch herself should she fall. "In fact, I was toying with the slogan I've got issues for the longest time." "Wordplay," Carlisle piped up finally, with a humorous chuckle. He stepped up to the girl's side, hand up, ready to catch her. "You own this store, then?" The girl nodded, rolling down through the aisles of shelves, eyes skimming the covers of each comic. "I do," she replied absently. "I suppose you could say I inherited the building, which, looking at it, isn't much." "Nonsense. You have a lovely establishment here," Carlisle countered. "Thank you." Another smile warmed the room, and Rosalie dragged her feet after the two. "I was torn on what to do with it until – aha! There you are!" She grabbed the edge of a shelf, coming to an abrupt stop, her body jerking to the side as the skates kept going until she righted herself. Turning back to the two with a beaming face, the girl held up the comic issue in triumph. "Here we-" The wooden door in the very back corner of the room swung open with a bang, another girl storming out with a stack of papers in each hand. "Bella!" she cried in exasperation and disbelief. "You spent five hundred dollars on tickets to a human zoo?!" Everyone looked back at the girl, Bella, who shrank back. A powerful blush worked its way up her neck, to her cheeks, and her shoulders rose up defensively. "I'd never heard of it before, I was curious!" "And?" the girl asked with a slight chuckle to her voice. A shudder rolled through Bella's body and she shook her head. "Definitely not what I was expecting. I wasn't comfortable looking at people for two weeks after that." The girl sighed deeply, turning back to the back office. "Five hundred dollars... human zoo... how