Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or anything familiar. Rated: T. Author: Paige Turner. Summary: Set in New Moon before Alice came back. AU. A/B 'I felt like strangling her and kissing her at the same time. It was an odd feeling.' A/N: There will be some significant changes in here that you will notice. BELLA "Bells! You're going to be late for school! Get movin'!" Charlie hollered up from the bottom of the stairs. School. Please. That was not one of my top priorities these days. Getting out of bed was one. Working up the energy to feed myself was another. Even trying to keep up small chat with Charlie himself was another. School? Not so much. Which was sad. I mean, really, really sad when you think about it. There was no good reason for any of this. I wasn't injured. I wasn't suddenly struck with amnesia and didn't know how to do anything. No. It was my heart. My damn heart. The stupid thing was broken. It's alright though; I didn't blame myself or my heart, I blamed Edward and the Cullens. They're the ones who broke it to begin with. Still. The fact that I let them hurt me this bad, the fact that I can't get over it, the fact that I'm probably making this worse than it all is, was my fault. And that bothered me. But I couldn't stop. But there was still hope. I was past the never-ending-tears stage, past the random chest aches where I was sure someone had stomped a hole in my torso, and I was currently finishing my zombie/numb stage. The next one? Blind rage. Sounds like fun, doesn't it? Just thinking back to that miserable day triggered the rage; I could feel traces of it sizzling around my edges. 'We're leaving Bella.' I kind of figured. All of the Cullens had been tense lately, exchanging worried looks, always on edge like something was wrong. I guess they were all paranoid that the rest of the humans that lived in Forks were finally becoming suspicious of them and the fact that in two years, not a single one of them had changed in the very slightest. I was actually surprised that no one had noticed before this. Did no one look in yearbooks anymore? Could they not clearly see that all of the Cullen children looked completely identical to their photos? 'I thought so. I was hoping to have a little more time with Charlie to think of something to tell him, but that's fine. This gives me something to think about while I pack. Though, knowing Alice; she'll probably want to pack all my stuff with me and not stand for my slow human pace.' I smirked. Edward's golden eyes closed for a few second before he opened them, frowning slightly. 'No, Bella. I think you misunderstood me.' I raised an eyebrow. 'What? You said that we're leaving; how could I have misunderstood three words…unless you mean…by we, you mean…' 'Me and my family.' He replied in a neutral voice. 'Without…me?' I whispered. I knew that's what he meant, but I needed to hear him say it. None of this was actually registering in my brain. It was all too…sudden. Edward nodded. "Yes. Without you.' A lump formed in my throat that just wouldn't go away no matter what. 'You don't…want me?' Edward's eyes darkened as the frown became more pronounced and his brows furrowed. 'No.' The air escaped my lungs in one big swoosh. 'Oh. Well that…that changes things then, doesn't it?' Had the others already left? Just up and got on the plane? Even Alice - No! Alice wouldn't do that to me! I glared at Edward who seemed shocked. 'You're lying!' Edward sputtered around. 'Excuse me?'' I furiously looked around the small clearing in the woods we were in. 'Where's Alice? She wouldn't do this to me. She wouldn't just leave! How could you ? I thought you loved me!' I whirled on him. Anger flashed across his face. 'Alice is gone already.' My hand flew up to my heart as I shook my head. 'No…she-she wouldn't. She wouldn't leave me like that. Where is she?' Edward's eyes darkened. Obviously he didn't like the fact that we were no longer on the subject of him leaving me; rather Alice instead. "She is gone, Bella. Why would she stay? You were mine !" He snarled, his possessive side coming out. He got like this sometimes around the others. I just shook my head. He stomped towards me, stopping only when I flinched. "If she loves you as much as you think, then where is she? Huh? Shouldn't she be here with you instead of…um, in Alaska already for a shoe sale ? Wouldn't you be more important than a discount ?" He spat. Tears sprang to my eyes. He had to be lying…but…where was she? 'A shoe sale?' Half his mouth curved up in a smirk. "Yes. I was the one who loved you Bella. The others…they just put up with you for my sake because they love me .' I stared, unseeing at his chest. They…it was an act. They didn't love me. They just put up with me for him? Of course they did. I was just a human. They were gorgeous vampires. 'And now I've lost interest.' Edward's voice brought me out of my reverie. I couldn't lose him too now. He was the only one of them that loved me. I jerked forward, clutching his shirt. 'P-please. Don't leave me.' Edward's posture relaxed as he seemingly got what he wanted. 'I have to Bella, and you can't follow me. You're no good for me, just like I'm no good for you. Jasper proved that at your birthday party. If you're around us any longer, who knows what else could happen. You're a fragile human, and I can't pretend I'm one anymore. It's not safe for you.' I shook my head, the tears streaming down my face. 'Please, Edward.' 'It's better for you this way. You'll move on. I'll move on.' 'Why?' I whimpered. I wasn't sure what I was asking anymore. Why he didn't love me. Why a sale was more important to Alice than our so called friendship. Why the others never loved me. 'You're human.' He murmured. 'I promise this will be the last time you ever seem me, Bella.' When I looked up again, he was gone. Charlie forced a smile at me when I finally trudged down the stairs. He tried not to get caught, but I saw his eyes lingering on my face and the scar. "It's about time, Bella!" Seth chirped from the kitchen table. Ever since Harry Clearwater; one of Charlie's best friends, had a heart attack and passed away, Sue; his wife, and his children; Leah and Seth, moved in here. Charlie's other friend, Billy, who had lived on the reservation with Harry, didn't want Sue and the kids to live alone down there. Charlie had agreed; it wasn't the best place to hang out or live. There was a gang of kids who called themselves the Wolf Pack that were…dangerous, I suppose you could say. I had found out exactly how dangerous they were just a month or so ago. I had gone down there to visit my friend Jacob, when I had stumbled across a few of the members of the Wolf Pack. They were all very big boys, at least seven feet, all muscle. It was dark out, so I didn't get a very good look at them, but there was something off. Something different about them. I was sure they weren't human. Or at least not all human. Anyways, they took my phone and all the cash I had on me, and sent me back to Forks hospital with a little souvenir; a scar running down through my left eyebrow, down my cheek bone to my top lip. Luckily they missed my eye altogether and it wasn't very thick or deep; but Charlie was still furious. The only thing that kept him from marching down there and doing God knows what, was the fact that I couldn't actually identify which boy did it. They all looked the same in the dark with their dark skin, short black hair, and insanely tallness. I offered Seth a small smile as I sat down on the opposite side of the table, and looked to Leah who was watching me like a hawk. Her eyes narrowed at me when mine caught hers and I sighed, looking down to my bowl. This had been going on for the past week. When they first moved in, Leah was quiet, but she still spoke to me and we got along fine. I helped set up her side of the room that she shared with me. Seth got the one across the hall beside Charlie's and Sue got the one beside mine. Then after my other…accident, she had gotten all cold and closed off. She moved out of the room even; sleeping with Seth in his room or with Sue, ignoring me, telling me to stay away from her brother and mother. I had a feeling she knew more about my accident than I did. Sue and Seth did too, I think, but they weren't so angry about it. It happened a week ago; I was on one of my monthly walks through the woods, heading to mine and Edward's meadow. The sun had long since gone down, the moon nearly full and shinning brightly down on the trees surrounding me. Beams of moonlight poked through the leaves of the tall trees, lighting my way to the meadow. I had been there so many times since the Cullens left, I had just recently started going monthly; I could probably find it with my eyes closed. Well, other than the fact that I needed to look so I wouldn't trip on anything. Though, even with my eyes opened I was stumbling more often than not. A twig snapped a little ways behind me, making me freeze. Normally I wouldn't have; I was in the woods for crying out loud, there was always a noise of some sort. But this time, I had been feeling like someone was watching for the whole trip to the meadow. It was a feeling that left a chill rolling down my spine, made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up, or my fingers twitch every few minutes. I had brushed it off to begin with, knowing that the only dangerous things in the woods had moved away a year ago. But now, I knew that someone or some thing had stepped on that twig to snap it. Something big and heavy and there was no animals in these woods that were like that. I sped up my pace, hoping that if I kept going in this direction, I would hit a road again eventually and the cars would scar off whoever or whatever this was. But, as I sped up, whatever was following me did as well. Of course nothing was there every time I looked over my shoulder. Nor was there any noise every time I paused to listen for it. For a few seconds, I had contemplated that chances of it being Victoria; James' mate come to kill me for getting James killed the previous summer. Without slowing down even in the slightest, I whirled around; my eyes growing double in size. The scream that was crawling up my throat died on my lips as my muscles locked into place, the colour draining from my face. Standing in front of me was…a beast. Something from a fairly tale. Something you read about, but nothing you ever expected to see in real life. A dog…no, a wolf larger than a horse towered over me. It's fur was dark and matted, clumped together with dirt and blood and sweat. It's