Disclaimer: Read at your own risk! This story is probably the most embarrassing thing I have ever written. It is self-indulgent, Mary Sue awfulness that I wrote to put some of my fangirlish daydreams into words, and that I originally was not going to share with anyone. However, if you too suffer from (or perhaps enjoy?) hopeless crushes on fictional characters, particularly if one of those fictional characters happens to be named Frodo Baggins…here you go. Your love is my turning page Where only the sweetest words remain. Every kiss is a cursive line; Every touch is a redefining phrase. I surrender who I've been For who you are. For nothing makes me stronger than Your fragile heart. Though we're tethered To the story we must tell, When I saw you, Well, I knew we'd tell it well. With a whisper We will tame the vicious seas, Like a feather Bringing kingdoms to their knees. - from "Turning Page" by Sleeping at Last I saw the flash out of the corner of my eye and instinctively nestled closer into Frodo's side. Thunderstorms were occurrences that simultaneously fascinated and frightened me, but I liked to emphasize the frightened part just a little more when I was with him. I braced myself as I heard the faint rumbling I knew would swell into a mighty roar that would shake the walls of our house. Truthfully, I was enjoying myself. There was nothing quite like a summer storm to add a little spice and variety to the middle of a long string of golden, sunny days, I thought as the din of the thunder died down and was replaced with a cacophony of dull thuds, most likely rain or hail, hitting the side of the hill outside. Inside, a fire was crackling in the grate, filling the room with its warmth and cheerful, flickering light. On the table beside the sofa sat a fat little teapot, two delicate, steaming teacups on saucers, and a plate heaped with a generous helping of the shortbread cookies I'd baked yesterday. We were curled up contentedly on the floor in front of the fire, our backs against the sofa. The lightning flashed again. "You're not actually afraid, are you?" Frodo asked softly. "No," I answered. "Then why are you hiding your face in my shoulder?" I smiled. "Because I like your shoulder. And your smell. And you," I mumbled into the fabric of his shirt. I heard him chuckle as he tightened his arm around me and pressed a kiss to my temple. I felt safe, relaxed, comfortable, and content. The feeling of contentedness would have been stronger and more energetic, more like euphoria, if I hadn't been so very sleepy… When I awoke, the storm had long passed and silence reigned. The fire had dwindled down to a few peacefully glowing embers and the room was dark. I rolled over to look out the window and was greeted with the happy sight of summer stars, suspended in an inky blue sky. I rolled back over to face Frodo. I'd always thought him beautiful, but something about the way he looked when he slept was almost too much. His curls were tousled over his forehead, and his eyelashes made dark, delicate shadows over his cheekbones. His mouth was slack, and I suppressed a giggle when I noticed that he was drooling on the rug. I pulled the blanket tighter around myself and closed my eyes, listening to the sound of his slow, even breaths beside me, letting them lull me back to sleep. Only they didn't. I heard them begin to speed up and become ragged and irregular. I opened my eyes and saw that his brows were furrowed, and his eyes were moving frenetically under his eyelids. I watched with concern as he started to moan and whimper. When it got to be too much for me, I put my hand on his shoulder and gently shook him awake. It took him a few seconds to shake off the dream, and seeing the naked panic in his eyes as he looked around him in confusion felt like the sharp prick of a knife in my heart. "You were having a bad dream, dear," I whispered, massaging slow, soothing circles into his shoulder. "You're safe now, alright? You're safe." He nodded and buried his face in my chest, winding his arms around my waist, as if to assure himself that I was really there. I kissed the top of his head and began quietly humming the song we thought of as ours, and for a few minutes we lay still. Then he pulled slightly away from me and looked into my eyes and said, "I didn't think you were real, you know." I wasn't quite sure where this was coming from, but I smiled and said, "I didn't think you were real either, you know," and propped myself on one elbow so I could touch my lips to the delicate point of his ear. After a few more moments passed, I asked, "Do you want to talk about your dream?" "It was just a flashback. The usual. I'd lost It, and then I didn't see you anymore, and I couldn't decide which was worse." His eyes grew wide, alarmed. He thought he'd offended me. "Not to say that you're in any way—" "No, it's alright," I interrupted, smoothing back a lock of his hair. "I understand. Not to say that I completely understand what you went through, because I don't; I didn't go through it myself, but I saw that Its hold was…very powerful, and I want you to be able to talk to me about it whenever you need to, without worrying that you're going to say something I might not like. I want to be a completely safe place for you." "You already are, love. More than you know." He twined his fingers with mine and began absentmindedly playing with them. "I don't want to dwell on the dream anymore. It's over now, and you're here, and you're real." He paused. "Are you tired?" "No." "Then could we talk about our memories?" I smiled. "Which ones?" "The good ones, of course." "We have a lot of those. That doesn't narrow it down much." "Which one is your favorite?" I paused to think for a moment. A flood of recent memories swirled around in my mind. There was the time he was trying to teach me what he knew of the Sindarin language and as I was trying to construct a sentence I made an apparently very humorous mistake. When he, choking back laughter, tried to tell me what it was, I started laughing too, and pretty soon we were wiping tears out of our eyes. There was the time we were walking home together from town and got caught in a rainstorm, and I stopped walking and gave him a look that he knew as my Come Hither Gaze. He gave me an incredulous look in return and said, "What, now? " And I told him how it was thought very romantic in the world I was from to kiss in the rain and he rolled his eyes at me but set down the parcels he was carrying and smoothed my hair out of my face, and we tried to kiss there under the trees, but we just ended up getting water in our mouths and hair and looking like drowned rats by the time we got home. Or, there was the time Sam and Rosie were away visiting some of Rosie's relatives and they left Elanor with us, and we took her to a lovely meadow near our house and had a picnic in the sunshine with Merry and Pippin, and, per Elanor's suggestion, we collected worms of all varieties and held a race for them in the grass. There was the time he wrote me a poem and read it to me, and it was so beautiful that it made me cry. And so many other happy moments. "Okay, this is kind of weird, but do you remember a few weeks ago when we had that perfect weather and I was outside working in the garden?" "Yes, I remember," he said, smiling fondly at me. "You were wearing that little straw sunhat." "Yes, to protect my skin from getting too freckled," I said, returning his smile and rolling my eyes. It seemed that no matter what I did, I had freckles on my face year-round. He leaned in and pressed a myriad of soft, sweet kisses to my cheeks and nose. " I like your freckles. Each one of them. They're like little stars." I giggled and wrinkled my nose. "My freckles are like stars," I said dryly. "Really. Anyway," I continued, trying to keep my focus, "you had just gotten the mail and you were on your way back inside the house, but when you walked by me you ducked your head under my hat and kissed me in a way that was…not entirely proper." "Yes, and I made you blush." "And you looked so proud of yourself! You know it's not that hard to do." The self-satisfied smirk reappeared on his face. "I know." "Well, you didn't see the scandalized look on our neighbor's face. Kissing in public!" "We weren't in public, we were in our front yard!" "Well, we were within sight of others, clearly." "And why was this one of your favorite memories?" "Well, the expression on her face was extremely funny . . . and . . . I sort of like it when you kiss me like that. As if you didn't know." He grinned widely, exposing the cute little gap between his front teeth. "Oh, I know." I shook my head. "You are altogether too self-assured about the effect you have on me. It would be disgusting if it wasn't so adorable." "I know," he repeated and laughed. I sighed. "Your turn." "Well," he said, still grinning, "my favorite memory is not when our neighbor caught us snogging in the garden; it's when I married you." "Oh, that was alright, I guess." Frodo and I had gotten married under the silvery mallorn in the Party Field on a fine spring afternoon. I'd worn a gauzy, white gown Rosie had made for me, and I'd carried a little bouquet of soft, fragrant lavender. I remembered exactly how it had felt to walk down the aisle of sweet-smelling grass and wildflowers between our family and friends, my eyes locked on my soon-to-be-husband's eyes, which were smiling and filled with tears. We had had a short, simple ceremony. The reception that followed was full of love and joy and dancing and cake, and lots of ale. "It was more than alright , and you know it," he said. I smiled softly. "Yes it was. What was your favorite part?" "We've already had this conversation about a dozen times." "I know. But tell me again." "My favorite part was when I saw you walking toward me. You know I've always thought your smile beautiful, but I'd never seen you smile like that before. There were a lot of thoughts swirling around in my mind, and most of them I couldn't put into words if I tried, but mainly I was thinking that such heights of happiness should be impossible, especially for me, and also that I'd never seen anything or anyone so beautiful." For a second all I could do was stare at him dumbly. "Well, beauty is in the eye of the beholder," I choked out, "and you do have quite beautiful eyes, even though that is not what that phrase technically refers to… But seriously, Frodo, prettier than Arwen? Than Galadriel ?" He kissed my lips. "To me, yes. They are Elves. Their beauty, although great, is high and cold and remote. Yours, my love, is soft and sweet and familiar. It's home." "Dang it," I whispered as