A/N: I, alas, do not have ownership of Harry Potter. The hallowed halls of Hogwarts were swarmed with students, rushing from class to class. A pair of Gryffindor first years ran by, chattering excitedly whilst running to their next class. A few Ravenclaw second year girls sniffed at the first years and flipped their hair over their shoulders, for they were obviously far superior than the newbies. A group of third year boys from Hufflepuff were exchanging answers that they gave on the first day pop quiz McGonagall liked to give out with worried frowns in the corner of the hall. A couple of fourth year Slytherins were giggling at that cute beater that just made captain. A fifth year Gryffindor truant flicked his wand at a first year, bursting the poor kid's ink bottle all over their books. A sixth year couple were sitting on the window ledge by the courtyard, smiling sweetly at each other. The pair of seventh years walking down the hall clamored to tell each other about their summers and job interviews coming up. One of those girls was Rose Weasley. Rose Weasley . . . well Rose Weasley was something else. As a child of the legendary wizarding duo, Ron and Hermione Weasley, the girl was basically destined for greatness. She had her mother's wildly curly hair, but in the infamous shade of Weasley Red (no joke, that's actually what Beatrix Hair Tricks for Wizards and Witches calls their red hair dye). Her eyes were hazel, a mix of her mother's brown and her father's blue. Her body had curves any girl would kill for, and her petite frame (obviously not inherited from her father) was lithe and strong. Oh, and probably the most important of her physical assets, she had a delicate, upturned nose and sharply arched eyebrows, both features that perfected her sarcastic bitch stare. Besides being quite the pretty little thing, Rose had the sharpest tongue in her year. Her Weasley Woman Tongue (which every red headed Weasley female had inherited since 1653) was fully operational and ready to give out a sarcastic quip or sharp response on demand. Of course, though, Rose was an altogether nice person and never felt the need to overuse her Weasley Tongue - except with . . . well, we'll get to that. Now Rose was obviously beautiful and had a personality to match, but that's not what she was known for at Hogwarts. Sure, any guy would have loved to take her out on a date (Even Sir Cadogan's painting once tried to flirt with her), but the only guy who ever came close to being her boyfriend was Hayden Diggory, and, despite his protests that all them went well, Rose broke up with the boy after two measly dates to Hogsmeade, citing "personality differences". No one really knows what happened between the two, but it was obvious Rose wasn't one to be tied down to an "unnecessary obligation", as she phrased it to her friends. But anyways, no, Rose was most certainly not the romantic type. Miss Weasley was married to her studies. She took after her mother in her voracious reading habits, tearing through books within hours ("Thank God she has a brain to back up that mouht," Ron often said, "or she would end up burping slugs."). Her Head Girl badge was displayed proudly and prominently on her immaculate robes. For the past decade, a Head Student was chosen from each house to promote inter-house unity, or whatever the hell it was supposed to do. Rose had heard that Alice Longbottom was the Head from Ravenclaw, and Lorcan Scamander was the Hufflepuff Head, but she had yet to find out who the Slytherin Head would be. She hoped it would be her cousin - Albus had been working so hard for the position. Rose had received an Outstanding in all of her O.W.L.s last year, with the exception of Divination, and she's totally not bitter about that, even if she only got a bloody Acceptable even though that subject is obviously a pile of dragon shit and Trelawney is known to have misplaced her bloody marbles. Nope, definitely not bitter whatsoever. In any case, Rose was planning on taking her N.E.W.T.s and she would get a bloody Outstanding on each one if it was the last thing she ever did. Rose was a very intense person, if one couldn't tell. Along with that intensity, Rose was extremely career driven. As in, extremely career driven. Rose had known since she was eight years old that she wanted to be a healer. Well, not really a healer. Ever since the Second Wizarding War, a new Auror training program had developed. Now, newly graduated wizards who were in the training program were put into squads of seven, and each auror recruit would be assigned a job. Rose wanted the healer position - that job was to specialize in healing, though in the end, her job would be that of a Battle Auror's. Careers are actually exactly what Rose and her friend Marcie Scamander of Hufflepuff were talking about at the beginning of this scene. "Ro- ose !" Marcie whined out the "o" in her friend's name, "You know I love you, but I swear on Merlin's grave, if you don't stop talking about your bloody job interview with the Ministry of Magic that will take place no time soon, my wand might just accidentally cast a hair loss curse your way." Rose gasped and instinctually grabbed at her mane of thick, red hair, but shut up promptly. One simply does not test Marcie - it is a bad idea. The blonde Hufflepuff smirked and continued. "Now, I asked you about your summer. And Rosie, I don't want to hear about studying or reading. I want to hear about the fun things! Did you go back to the Burrow? Did you meet any cool Muggles over the summer? Did you meet - " Marcie gasped conspiringly, "a boy ." Rose rolled her eyes at her best friend's comment. " No , I didn't. I was, in fact, at the Burrow for most of the summer, but I was helping my cousins de-gnome the garden for a good three quarters of my time there. The rest of the time was spent trying to get the gnomes' dirt clod missiles out of my hair. Unfortunately, I had no time for shagging any Muggles, thank you very much." "I still can't believe that your family has fun de-gnoming your bloody gardens. I mean, when I visited you in July, you guys didn't seem so crazy about de-gnoming!" Marcie wrinkled her nose. Rose laughed at her best friend's foul expression. " You were only there for a week. I had to beg Gramma Molly to let the whole de-gnoming thing go for the week!" Rose laughed, "I suppose it's a Weasley thing." The red head jostled her friend's shoulder, laughing, and the two continued to talk about their summers. Out of nowhere, two hands placed themselves over Rose's eyes. Usually, if someone she didn't know touched her, shit would flip. But Rose recognized the distinct but not unpleasant scent of her brother. "Guess who, little sister?" the newly changed voice rang out. "Hugo!" Rose laughed, brushing away her brother's hands, "Don't you have Quidditch tryouts right now?" Her brother rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. "Blimey woman it's the first day of school, how do y'know my bloody schedule already?" he mumbled, already knowing that Rose took it upon herself to memorize the whole family's schedule within the first few days they received them during the summer, "And yes, I should be at Quidditch, but my Quidditch robes don't fit anymore, so McGonagall is sending me to Professor Flitwick to see if he can charm my clothes to tide me over until I can get to Hogsmeade. I swear to all things holy that woman does not know how to bloody function if everything isn't goddamn perfect." Not only did Hugo inherit the Weasley Red and his father's foul mouth, he also inherited his father's tall genes. Hugo shot up over the summer, and now towered over his older sister. He had taken to patting her on the head whenever he walked by and had developed the annoying habit of referring to Rose as his "little sister". "Watch that goddamn mouth, Hugo." Rose sighed. Hugo just rolled his eyes. "Like you don't swear, Rosie." "Of course I don't," Rose said dismissively. Marcie, who had been silent for the exchange so far, piped up. "So what is this I hear about the Quidditch leagues opening up to other European schools?" She asked, raising an eyebrow inquiringly. "Oh, yeah," Hugo replied, voice speeding up excitedly, "This year we're gonna open the league up to be interschool - now Durmstrang and Beauxbatons teams will be in the league, and McGonagall is still trying to convince the Russian school, Koldovstoretz, to join. We'll still have the School Tournament, but now Quidditch season will go on for a few more months, and the House teams are a lot harder to get on to, I heard." "Worried you won't make it, Hugie?" Marcie asked, using Hugo's childhood name - Marcie was practically family to the Weasley-Granger household by this point. "Merlin's beard, Marce, it's Hugo now," Higo whined, looking around quickly to make sure none of his friends had heard the rather childish nickname, "And yes, of course I will. I'm the best Keeper Gryffindor has!" He wasn't lying. Honest, Hugo was incredible at Quidditch, and had more athletic talent in his pinky than Rose had in her entire body. "I'll just have to work hard and remind Dominique how much ass I kicked last year on the team," Hugo shrugged. "Well then you should hurry along then, little brother who is still younger than me despite the height difference. Oh, and modesty is a virtue Hugo," Rose teased, and Hugo rolled his eyes, and took off down the hall, "Catch you later, Rosie! Bye Marcie!" He turned around to wave to her and continued running down the hallway, knocking over a few first years in the process. Marcie laughed and waved to Hugo. The two girls began to turn back around, and they collided face first into black robes. Rose blushed and backed away. "Oh, I'm so sor - y'know I take that back, you great prick." She bristled when she saw who it was. "My, my, Weasley , where are your manners? " A cold voice drawled. The voice had long since changed, and was smooth as pudding. It was infuriating. That voice matched a perfect looking face, cool, pale skin and perfectly styled white blonde hair, which contrasted sharply with the dark green eyes that barely showed emotion. His high cheek bones a cupid bow lips made almost every girl fall for him-every girl except Rose Weasley. The two had had a mutual hatred for each other since as long as anyone could remember. "Seeing as you are an uncultured swine, I didn't see it fit to treat you with respect," Rose shot back quickly, her face turning red with fury. Remember how Rose had Weasley Woman Tongue, but really only reserved it for one person? Yeah, well that person is Scorpius Malfoy. "I don't see why you shouldn't. Why, the Malfoys have been showing ourselves to be superior wizards for centuries longer than the Weasleys," Scorpius continued, starting to walk past Rose and down the hall. Rose grabbed his arm and whipped the pale Malfoy back around. "Oh don't fucking go there. Us Weasleys have more wizarding talent in a fingernail than you Malfoys have in your entire family," Rose flushed with anger. Malfoy seemed unfazed by her temper, "Oh dear, it looks like all that muggle blood in you is going right to your face. I almost forgot you were a Weasley for a moment there. You all flush