This story is loosely based on the novel Burning by Elana K. Arnold, and written as a birthday gift in response to a prompt from my lovely friend, HGRomance. N, I can't even begin to express how much I appreciate you, your way with words, and your kindness - not to mention the amazing friendship we've formed. The remaining parts will be delivered to you as time and the muse allow, but I hope you enjoy the ride! ;) The characters of the Hunger Games belong to Suzanne Collins. I would also be remiss if I didn't thank a few people - Ameiko for help with pre-reading and hand-holding, dispatchesfromdistrict7 for her amazing research and listening skills, Ro Nordmann for the wonderful banner, and BaronessKika for moral support. "Is everyone buckled up? Let's hit the drom !" my cousin Gale shouts as he climbs behind the wheel of our beat-up Ford Econoline van and starts the engine. "Yes, chav !" Mama sighs as he backs out of the driveway and heads for the highway. I'm really not looking forward to today. Or the rest of the weekend, for that matter. My family and I are on the move again, albeit to somewhat more familiar territory; our destination is Panem, West Virginia, and its annual Harvest Festival. Honestly, traveling is nothing new for any of us. After all, we're of Romani descent, or what the rest of the world refers to as a Gypsy. Or at least that's the word the gaje , or people of non-Rom origin, invented for us. And by gaje , I mean the people who help us make a living by stopping at our booth to buy goods or have their fortunes read. Although truthfully, if anyone were to ask, I'd have to admit that I'm part gaje myself. Our particular vitsa began intermarrying with the gaje a couple of generations ago, which is why we've become so isolated from other Rom. Take me and my thirteen year old sister, Prim, for example - we look almost nothing alike. I have the raven hair and grey eyes of my Romani ancestors, but my sister is blonde-haired and blue-eyed like dadro . In Europe, many families have suffered persecution because children who don't have the traditional 'Gypsy' features are often assumed to have been kidnapped or otherwise stolen from their parents. And it doesn't help that so many people have embraced these kinds of stereotypes about our culture. We attend public school right alongside the gaje , and I'll never forget the day in third grade when our teacher read us a poem by Shel Silverstein that started off, "The Gypsies are coming, the old people say, to buy little children and take them away…" I couldn't listen any longer after that and shrunk down in my chair, my breakfast roiling around in my stomach. Despite the fact that Prim and I were born here and our familia looks just like every other one in town, I still worry that Mama might someday be arrested or taken into custody for kidnapping and Prim will end up in foster care, leaving me all alone. Now when I say familia , I'm not just referring to myself, Mama and Prim. My Aunt Hazelle, Mama's sister, and her four children are also making the journey with us. Mama, Prim and I will be setting up our fortune-telling booth at the Harvest Festival, while the Hawthornes will have their food stand right next door. Our families have manned booths there every year since Papa and Uncle Jasper died. It has somewhat frustrated me that despite our modern upbringing, our vitsa has always observed traditional gender roles. Dadro and Kako would travel for work, usually for some kind of construction or mining job, leaving their wives at home to handle all of the cooking, cleaning, and child-rearing. It was during one of their work trips just after my eleventh birthday that they were both killed in a tragic accident. Without their husbands, our mothers needed to find a way to support six children despite having never worked outside the home a day in their lives. It was our Uncle Haymitch who suggested that they start frequenting fairs and festivals - given my mother's abilities at fortune-telling and Hazelle's cooking skills - as a means of, in his own words, "staying alive." These are just a couple of reasons why I despise traveling to these kinds of events - I don't enjoy pandering to the masses and embracing the stereotypes that so many people have about my culture in order for us to survive. Just because I wear long skirts and frilly tops, keep my hair in intricate braids, read tarot cards and practice palmistry does not make me different from anyone else. I'm not some exotic beauty like Esmeralda. I may be Romani, but all I have ever wanted is to be treated like any other girl, living a normal life. But after Papa's death, I promised his spirit that I would do whatever needed to be done for my family's well-being, particularly my little sister. If anyone deserves to have a normal life, it's Prim. And if that means playing the part of a 'Gypsy' seductress to make a little money and satisfy the gaje , then I'll gladly do it. I watch the highways and familiar hills go by as we drive from our home just outside of Uniontown, through southwest Pennsylvania towards Maryland, and then we'll cross through more riverlands before finally reaching the little town located right on the northeastern tip of West Virginia, just outside of Martinsburg. "Gale, do you think you'll need me to drive at all?" I ask, having called dibs on riding shotgun this time. "Nah," he responds, "It's only about three hours, give or take, depending how many rest stops Posy needs. We should get there just after noon. I think I'm good. Get some rest." "All right," I say lazily. It's Autumn and in my opinion, there really isn't much to look at this time of year. We drive past numerous game lands and lush forests filled with all kinds of plant life and foliage as far as the eye can see, most of which have started to turn from my favorite shade of deep green to rusty reds, oranges and browns. It's somewhat nice to look at, but after about 20 miles, I've feel like I've seen enough. As I nod off, my head falls against the window with a loud thump, which makes Gale and his brothers chuckle. "Fuck off," I mumble to them as I drift off to sleep. "Wake up, Catnip! We're here!" The sound of Gale's voice jars me from my nap, and as I open my eyes, I'm blinded by the midday sun. He's been calling me 'Catnip' for as long as I can remember. The way bibio tells it, whenever he tried saying my name when we were kids, it always came out as Catnip instead of Katniss, and after a while the nickname just stuck. Gale, who is two years older than me, is the one who taught me how to shoot a bow and arrow when I was twelve. He needed a hunting partner after our fathers died. Rory was too young, and the last thing I wanted to do was sit at home when I could be doing something far more useful, like bringing in extra food for our family. Working together has helped us grow closer, making us feel more like brother and sister as opposed to just simensas . As I slowly come back to reality, I realize I must look a fright. As I wipe away a small amount of saliva from the corner of my mouth, I feel the raised marks on my skin from where my cheek must have been resting against the seatbelt. "You know, you really do look better when you sleep, Kat. It improves your looks a lot," my sister teases. " Hush , Prim!" I shout back as my face takes on its usual scowl. "Can I really help it if I drool in my sleep?" "Awww, you know I'm just teasing you. You know you're rinkini , Katniss. Every single boy at school thinks so," she says and sighs. "I wish I looked like you and daj ." I step out of the van and wrap my sister up in a big hug. As we separate, I look down into her blue eyes and smile as I tap her on the chin. "No, phei , I wish we looked like YOU." "All right, enough of this chit-chat, I'm hungry!" Rory grumbles. "Let's get this van unloaded and drive over to the festival grounds so we can set up our booths. The sooner we finish, the sooner we can eat!" I step away from Prim and head toward the back of the van with the others to grab some of our bags as Mama and Aunt Hazelle approach with our room keys in hand. I put one duffel over each shoulder and walk towards a large, drab grey building labeled The Seam Motel. It's definitely not the Ritz-Carlton, that's for sure. The exterior paint is chipping from the walls and the color has faded from years of Mother Nature's abuse. Upon entering our room and turning on the light, I notice the faint odor of pipe tobacco and white liquor. There are dirty, faded red drapes hanging loosely hanging from rods above the windows, stained from what I can only guess must be dust mites and cigar smoke. The carpet, also blood-red in color, is old and worn, hiding what must be decades of filth underneath. Two hard chairs and a plain wooden table sit by near the corner to the right, which houses the kitchenette. There's a small dorm-sized refrigerator for us to keep food in, along with a single mud-colored porcelain sink and two electric burners. I open the cabinets above to find a mish-mash of plates, glasses, and a couple of pots and pans. Next to the kitchenette is a medium-sized chest of drawers with an old TV on top. Against the far left wall are two double beds - one for Mama, and the other for Prim and I to share. In the far left corner opposite the entrance is a door leading to a modest bathroom. "Wow, this is it, huh?" Prim sniffs and coughs as she looks around our temporary home. "Yeah, it's your typical fleabag motel," I tell her. "Not much to write home about." "Yes, but the rate is only $35 per night," Mama informs us as she enters the room and sets one of her bags on the table. "And the owner, Mr. Cray, insists that the rooms here are dry and free of pests. That's all we need for a few days." Prim and I both nod solemnly in agreement. It only takes about fifteen minutes to bring in all of our personal belongings from the van. Everything else we've brought along will be unloaded once we arrive at the fairgrounds. I head back outside with Gale and his siblings while Mama, Prim, and Aunt Hazelle take a few minutes to freshen up. We stand quietly, taking in our surroundings before he finally breaks the silence. "So, has your Mama mentioned anything to you about prospective husbands yet?" " Kek , not a word since school started." "Well, that's good, I guess. Are you nervous about it all?" he asks. "I don't know…. should I be?" "Well, I certainly would be if I were you…" He pauses before continuing, "You're amazing when it comes to telling fortunes, Katniss… probably even better than your mentor. Any other vitsa would be honored to have you and might even see you as a gold mine. With your talents, there's no doubt you'll fetch a high bride price." The mere thought of a bride price sends my