Chapter One: Memories in the rain. I stared off into the abyss of the ocean below. The hour had to be well past midnight and by normal standards it had grown incredibly cold. Rain poured down from the clouds in sheets. I must have seemed an oddity to anyone who happened by. A tall blacked haired man dressed to the nines as they once said. Drenched and showing no care for my extravagant cuts or immediate health. The truth was I couldn't have cared less. I was lost in another world. Memories of the day that had changed my life forever dominating my mind, thoughts of the first day I had set eyes on Alice Cullen and the series of earth shattering events it had begun I had started that day like so many before. Awakening at dawn I had made quick work of finding myself a new place to hide. There were passports to be purchased and various documents to be forged. I had been in the town of Seattle for some time and I might have been lying if I had said I had not grown attached to my little flat in the down town area. Perfect with its great view and confined solitude. Unfortunately my plague had returned and this time it seemed to want my life. Hurrying down stairs after quickly dressing, I made my way to the small intersection stopping for the light before making my way across. Of course by then I already knew I was being followed and my little brother was not going to take no for an answer he seemed to desire a meeting. A heavy sigh welled up in my throat before being vehemently exhaled into the space in front of me. He reeked of death and wicked intent. No doubt he had been on a spree the night before and I would soon find myself forced to find new roaming grounds due to his incompetence. None the less I turned onto a small side street that lead me to a small run down house I had seen on one of my previous forays into the heart of the city. I let myself in leaning against the wall waiting and when I spoke as if only to the air I knew I would be heard. "You know you might stand a better chance of catching me unaware if you did not stink as if you had not bathed in a century brother. " A blond haired man would seem to step from the darkness now. He was near six feet two inches matching my height almost identically. A fact that amazed me even at the moment. His garments were those of the wealthy a suit hand tailored expensive sunglasses to hide his eyes. Even his blond locks had been carefully groomed. He carried in his hand a wooden cane the head of which bore the symbol of the ancient sun god. " I do wonder if it is only the scent of your own cowardice you breath in my brother?" He spoke in soft almost Irish tones and for a moment it was easy to forget that I knew precisely why he was here. His words were full of chagrin and disrespect to such a level that it caused my hackles to rise involuntarily something which seemed only to excite him. " You're going to end this foolishness and fight me now brother?" He asked tasting his lips as if the thought pleased him. I couldn't help myself I just smiled at him as I turned and walked away his desperation for bloodshed was a marvel he even invoked my name in an attempt to get it. " You can't keep this up forever Areis I will get what I want. " I stopped cold turning to face him then. The feeling of disgust was too much for me to ignore and I could feel the bile rising in my throat. " I am no god of war brother no more than you were a god of the sun. I am only Mercerio Fior and you my foolish brother are Maximus Fior. You would do well to step from your delusions. " I didn't stop to hear the fury which resonated from his form nor the crash as he began swinging likely breaking things. I simply kept walking. He was incurably insane of course I knew this and if I had truly held any heart left in me I might have tried to end him as he suggested. All I could think of was the fact that it was my fault I had tainted my brother. For centuries untold we had played at games. I was but a child with far too much power treating the world and its inhabitants as if they were my play things. The republic of Rome, the mighty Norsemen and their fierce women wives. Even the ancient and wise Greeks had danced upon our strings for it was in our meddling that the legends of their gods had been created. I had conceived the cruel joke myself then taking from their religious texts and fashioning myself into the god of war, while my radiant brother bore the guise of the sun god. Even now the purpose of these things seemed so foolish to me. We had sought only competition to see which of us could kill and incite the most war. Thusly the game had played out raged on through so many conflicts until the height of world war two. That was when might say it had all fallen apart. January eighteenth nineteen forty four, the battle of Monte Cassino. This had been our last great work so to speak and what I had envisioned my masterpiece. I had enlisted on the side of the allies quickly forming a reputation for being a fierce soldier who survived things no one seemingly could have. We had come up from southern Italy our objective to break the Gustav line. One hundred twenty five thousand men had lost their lives in the bid which eventually lead to our capture of Rome The blood of each and every one of them would stain my hands for the rest of my life. We had come triumphantly into the city our victory hard earned some were preparing letter's to loved ones which might never be sent. Others searched for the warmth of a place in which to sink their manhood and thereby exercise some of the demons which the battle had left them privy to. For my part I sought my own distraction for I was bored and I smelled something of keen interest. I had scented the aging dust of an elder vampire. Oddly enough he seemed so weak and it drew me like some vulture circling the corpse of the long dead on an arid desert plane. I tracked the scent drawn by its sweet honey aroma until I had entered the confines of a church. The building had seemingly been brutalized, its internal structure exposed to the night air through a partially collapsing ceiling. I found him there kneeling in the black robes of priest. His eyes were fixed upon the cross that lay on the wall in front of him somehow still straight as if the hand of some deity had reached down shielding it from all that had transpired in this place. He spoke in a brittle dry tone. " I beg you my son do not kill me for I mean you no harm and there are those who might use my help here. " I had laughed then the kind of condescending laugh one expected from a king of some great scholar. I had known the moment I saw him I was going to kill him. The thought that a creature of my kind had lived to be so old by being so foolish it insulted me to my core. I had slit the old ones throat, ripped him limb from limb and burned him right then and there. His eyes had turned up to me then and I beheld with so much shock it had rocked me to my core paralyzing me. That he was smiling even as I tore into him ripping him apart. His last words like an anthem in my ear. " Repent brother and the path to the light shall be yours." His words made no sense to me I finished my work tossing him into the corner haphazardly. I would not realize the damage that had been done until the next night. I had chosen to stay behind for the moment camping in the city trying to deduce what my brother was planning, what his next move might be. I had even procured myself a very delicious local dish that for the moment lounged lazily in my lap. Even now I remembered her features she was African and very beautiful with green eyes. Her eyes had drawn me to her first then her smell she would be a delicacy. The events of that day had always remained a blur to me from that moment on. The one thing I was certain of was it had not gone as planned. I had made my move sometime in the waning hours of daylight. How easy it had been to seduce I had her quivering at my feet and then it had happened. In her eyes I had seen them all every being I had ever killed all the blood on my hands. She was in my grasp screaming and I simply released her as she ran. I realized soon after that it was not her screams but mine that tore through the night air as I lay in agony. I could hear the old man's voice ringing true "Repent my brother repent. " I couldn't be sure how long I had lain there but in the depths of my pain I had risen up and asked god for his forgiveness throwing aside my weapons. Maximus had never forgiven me for this and to this day he stalked me intent upon releasing the demon which had once controlled my soul. He wanted to finish his game and that was all that occupied his mind the next battle the rush nothing else mattered. I had been lost in my thoughts wandering the streets when I had for the first time in my life became convinced my eyes beheld an angel. The dark haired girl was exiting a small eatery, a very pale man at her side. We had made eye contact then and it had held me spell bound. Never had I felt such a draw to anyone as if I could not help but go where she went, my eyes following her, my very will enslaved by her scent. There was no possible way such a slight and dainty girl could bring me to my knees like this. Yet somehow she had managed it so easily. Our eyes met then and there as a glint of something in them almost recognition which was shattered a moment later The male had not taken kindly to this. I recognized him though he did not recognize me. Jasper he was called I thought and I had once shared a camp fire with him in a war long passé. How interesting that he had become as me soulless and damned. I chose to respect his space then avoiding conflict and vanished. Day's had passed then odd visions filling my head of her beauty the way she moved. You see not only had thr ancient one left me with his own conscience. He had given up to me in death a very rare ability. I could see brief flashes of the past present and future. I had never been able to control it but in this case it was easy for all the visions spoke of was her. I saw her some place dark and sinister,