Author: Wolfie Rating:G Warnings: none Feedback: Disclaimer: Not mine. If you want to sue, all I have are 2 kids,2 dogs and a hubby. I dont think you want them! A/N: I normally stick to elves cause...well, they're hot! But this popped into my head and I decided to go with it! "Where have you been?" Eomer started and almost fell from his precarious perch on the window ledge. "Uncle!" Theoden watched as his nephew slid off the window ledge to the floor, willing himself to stay calm. "I asked you a question." "I was..." Eomer nervously shuffled from one foot to the other, trying to think of an acceptable answer. "...Out." He finished lamely. Theoden raised an eyebrow. "Eomer, it is late and I am not in the mood for games." "It was not my fault!" "What was not your fault?" "The fire." "Fire! There was a fire?" "Yes Sir. A small one. Theodred quickly extinguished it." Theoden sighed in relief. "Who started this fire?" "Arod." "Your horse started the fire?" "Yes, Sir. But it was an accident." "It was?" "Yes Sir. He knocked over a candle." "How did this candle come so close that he could knock it over?" "It was on the floor next to his leg." Theoden rubbed his forehead. "Eomer, if you do not tell me the whole story right this moment, you will not sit for a month." "I hear that threat all the time old man. It has yet to happen." "Excuse me?" Eomer's eyes grew wide and he felt sweat trickle down his back. Did he just say that out loud? "Er...I...I..." He looked at the ground, desperately trying to think of something to say that would get him out of trouble. "Look at me young man." Eomer looked up at his Uncle, unease growing in his belly. "I can easily make good on that threat right now if you continue the way you have been." Eomer blanched. "No Sir. That is not necessary!" "We shall see." Theoden replied cryptically. "Now boy, I want the entire story, from the beginning." Eomer sighed. He knew his Uncle's patience was hanging on by a thread and to do anything aside from what he was instructed would cause said thread to break. "I have been confined to my room for so long. I was bored and lonely so I decided to visit Arod. I knew the guards were aware of my troubles, so I climbed out my window and headed to the stables. It was dark, so I lit a candle and sat it near Arod so I could see him better. He shuffled a bit and the candle fell over and started a fire." Eomer looked up at his Uncle through the hair that had fallen across his face. He did not like what he saw and dropped his eyes back to the floor. "Theodred must have seen the fire because he was there putting it out before I could even move to do so myself. He looked very angry and told me not to move, but I felt it would be safer to return to my room. That is when you found me." Theoden took a step closer to Eomer. "You broke punishment, risked your neck by climbing out the window, almost burned down the stables, BECAUSE YOU WERE BORED?" Eomer winced. Putting it that way did make the deed sound much worse. "Yes." He whispered. "I did not hear you." "Yes Sir." "You realize your punishment will be much harsher than any you have had before. What you did was extremely dangerous and could have killed yourself and many of the horses in the stables had Theodred not put the fire out. I cannot allow this kind of behavior." Theoden reached down and took his belt off. "Lower your britches and bend over the bed." Eomer paled considerably as he watched his Uncle take his belt off. He had never felt it, but knew from the tales Theodred told it was extremely painful. His hands shook as he undid his buttons and lowered his pants. He looked back at his Uncle, eyes pleading for a reprieve, but found none. He strengthened his nerve and bent over. Theoden was not one for words when he punished, so he set to work, lashing the belt against Eomer's backside. He moved methodically, from the top of the buttock, down to the crease, laid two hard licks there, then worked back up. He did not like having to punish Eomer in this fashion, but the boy would one day help Theodred rule Rohan and could not afford to be so careless or disobedient. He laid down one more circuit, then stopped. Never, in all of his 13 years, had Eomer felt such pain. He did his best to remain quiet and accept his punishment, but could not. His Uncle was covering every inch of his backside and obviously making good on his threat! When the thrashing finally stopped, Eomer lay still, trying to calm enough to stand. Theoden thread his belt back through the loops and rubbed Eomer's back in an effort to calm him. When he felt the boy could stand, he helped him to his feet, fixed his clothing, then sat down and cradled him in his lap. "I am sorry I had to do that Eomer. But I cannot allow such foolishness or disobedience to go unanswered." Eomer could not answer, so he simply nodded and enjoyed his Uncle's embrace. After a few moments be looked up. "I am sorry Uncle." "I know boy, I know." "Uncle, could you do something for me?" "Anything within my power." "Remind me to believe Theodred the next time he says you do not make idle threats." Eomer awoke with a painful start as he rolled over onto his back. He flipped over onto his front, his breath rapid as he tried to control his response to the pain. "Well, well. I see Father dealt with your disobedience." A voice snickered. Eomer glared up at Theodred. "Piss off." Theodred smirked. Though he was much older than Eomer, he thoroughly enjoyed getting under his cousin's skin. He credited that to not having any siblings in which to inflict such torment on. "Tsk. Tsk. I would watch your language. You would not want to add to you discomfort." "As I am sure you would not want to have any of your own." Theoden said sternly from the doorway. Theodred paled a bit and spun around. "Father! I did not hear you." "That is because you were too busy teasing your cousin." He moved to his son's side. "Unless you would like to feel my wrath as well, I suggest you leave him be." "Yes Sir." "The morning meal is ready. Go on to the dining hall, Eomer and I will be along in a moment." "Yes Sir." Theodred replied and left the room. "Thank you Uncle." Eomer said. "I would have lost my temper and found myself in more trouble." "You are welcome." Theoden sat on the bed and ran his hand lovingly down Eomer's hair. "How fair you this morning?" Eomer blushed. "I am as well as can be expected." "Good. I trust I will not see a repeat of last night." "No sir. I will never do anything like that again." "That is good to hear." He stood and headed for the door. "Then you will join us for the meal. Your sister is full of worry and would like to see for herself I did not kill you." Eomer smiled. His sister could be quite overprotecting at times. "Yes Sir. I will be down as soon as I am dressed." "Eomer!" Eomer winced as his sister practically tackled him with a hug. "Good Morning Eowyn." "Are you okay? I was sure from your screams Uncle was killing you!" The 8 year old exclaimed loudly. Eomer blushed at the snickers his sister's words brought. "I am fine. Now, let us eat." He guided her to her chair, then carefully took his own. Once the meal was under way, Theoden turned to Eomer. "Theodred informed me of something that I must have been too angry to hear last night. Is it true he told you to stay put as he extinguished the fire you started?" Eomer gulped and looked at his plate. "Yes Sir." "I know we have had many discussions about you listening and obeying Theodred. Though he often does not act it, he is your elder and you will treat him as such. I told you last time you failed to heed him, you would be punished were it to happen again. Did I not?" "Yes Sir you did." Eomer replied quietly. "I have spoken with your tutor and, due to your lax attitude towards your lessons, have decided you could use a bit more time studying. Therefore, all weapons and combat training will be cancelled for one week and you will spend the additional time that frees up with your tutor." Eomer jumped up from his chair, knocking it over as he did so. "What? Uncle, please! You cannot do this!" He loved his training time and could not believe it would be taken from him. Theoden's eyes darkened. "Do not tell me what I can and cannot do young man. Now, sit down before your temper causes you more discomfort than you are already experiencing." Eomer struggled to bring his emotions under control as he righted his chair and sat down. "Forgive me." He ground out angrily. Theoden nodded and after staring at his nephew for a few moments, turned to his aide to discuss his schedule for the day. Eomer glared at his plate, his appetite gone. This was all Theodred's fault! He was so busy imagining all the painful things he would do to his cousin he did not hear his Uncle speaking right away. "I am sorry Uncle. I was lost in my thoughts and did not hear you." "I said if you are going to sit there and pout instead of eating then you may excuse yourself from the table and go to the schoolroom. Halthred is waiting on you." Emoer's temper snapped. "I am NOT pouting! I am thinking about how UNFAIR you are being!" Theoden crooked his finger. "Come here Eomer. I will have words with you." Eowyn looked at her Uncle in alarm. "Uncle..." She began but trailed off after Theodred tapped her thigh lightly in warning. Eomer stood on shaking legs and went to his Uncle's side. Theoden took the boy by the ear and pulled him closer. "I will not have you raising your voice at me nor showing such disrespect. I have decided on your punishment and unless you wish to have two weeks without training, I suggest you accept it, as it is just and deserved. Do you understand me?" Eomer tried to twist away but the hold on his ear was firm. "But you are not..." That was as far as Eomer got before three searing swats rained down on his inflamed backside. "Do you understand me?" Eomer cried out with each smack, then blushed in embarrassment. He knew everyone in the hall was watching. "Yes Sir." "Good. Now, excuse yourself and go to the schoolroom." Eomer quickly excused himself and rushed from the room as fast as he could without running. It had been four days since the fire and resulting punishment, four very long days. Eomer managed to stay out of any additional trouble and his backside no longer hurt, but he longed to be outside practicing. Sitting in a room all day was testing his patience and temper. He sighed loudly and stared at the blank sheet of parchment. "The essay will not write itself, Eomer." Eomer had to bite his tongue to stop the retort that came unbidden to his mind. "Yes Sir." He'd been assigned an essay on trade negotiation, but did not know what to write