Percy's First Time This is a Percabeth smut requested by ObeliskX. Takes place after the end of the second titan war and at the scenery where Annabeth meets Percy at the Poseidon table to wish him a happy birthday and followed by the two of them eventually being thrown underwater by the other campers. "Hey, happy birthday." Annabeth said sliding next to me on the bench. She was holding a huge misshapen cupcake with blue icing. I stared at her. "What?" "It's August 18th, your birthday, right?" She asked. I was stunned. It hadn't even occurred to me, but she was right. I had turned sixteen this morning, the same morning I'd made the choice to give Luke the knife. The prophecy had come true right on schedule and I hadn't even thought about the fact that it was my birthday. "Make a wish." She said. "Did you bake this yourself?" I asked. "Tyson helped." She answered. "That explains why it looks like a chocolate brick with extra blue cement." I said. Annabeth laughed. I thought for a second then blew out the candle. We cut it in half and shared, eating with our fingers. Annabeth sat next to me and we watched the ocean. Crickets and monsters were making noise in the woods, but otherwise it was quiet. "You saved the world." She said. "We saved the world." I said. "And Rachel is the new Oracle, which means she won't be dating anybody." She said. "You don't seem disappointed." I noticed. "Oh, I don't care." She shrugged. "Uh huh." I responded. "You got something to say to me Seaweed Brain?" She asked raising an eyebrow. "You'd probably kick my butt." I said. "You know I'd kick your butt." She said. "When I was at the River Styx, turning invulnerable . . . Nico said I had to concentrate on one thing that kept me anchored to the world that made me want to stay mortal." I said brushing the cake off of my hands. "Yeah?" She said keeping her eyes on the horizon. "Then up on Olympus, when they wanted to make me a god and stuff, I kept thinking . . ." I started. "Oh, you so wanted to." She said. "Well, maybe a little. But I didn't, because I thought . . . I didn't want things to stay the same for eternity, because things could always get better. And I was thinking . . ." I resumed but had trouble since my throat was feeling really dry. "Anyone in particular?" She asked her voice soft. I looked over and saw that she was trying not to smile. "You're laughing at me." I complained. "I am not!" She exclaimed. "You are so not making this easy." I said. Then she laughed for real and then put her hands around my neck. "I am never, ever, going to make things easy for you Seaweed Brain. Get used to it." She said and then did something I wasn't expecting. She pressed her lips on mine. When she kissed me, I had the feeling my brain was melting right through my body. I could've stayed that way forever, except a voice behind us growled: "Well, it's about time!" Suddenly the pavilion was filled with torchlight and campers. Clarisse led the way as the eavesdroppers charged and hoisted us both onto their shoulders. "Oh come on! Is there no privacy?" I complained. "The lovebirds need to cool off!" Clarisse said with glee. "The canoe lake!" Connor Stoll shouted. With a huge cheer, they carried us down the hill, but they kept us close enough to hold hands. Annabeth was laughing, and I couldn't help but laugh to, even though my face was completely red. We held hands right up to the moment they dumped us in the water. Afterwards, I had the last laugh. I made an air bubble at the bottom of the lake. Our friends kept waiting for us to come up, but hey, when you're the son of Poseidon, you don't have to hurry. And it was pretty much the best underwater kiss of all time. But after a minute, the kiss got a little more heated. Next thing I know, Annabeth and I were in the midst of an intimate loving embrace. We were relishing each other's company; Annabeth was kissing me hungrily and I in turn brought her body closer to me. Eventually Annabeth took the love we were sharing a stage further, she moved her left arm around my waist while her right traced seductively down my chest until her small delicate hand met with my dick. I couldn't help but grunted in pleasure; though I think it came out as more of a growl, this brought a wicked grin to Annabeth's face. She clenched her palm a little more around my dick which heightened the pleasure I was already feeling and I felt my erection starting to build. I had a vague idea of what was going on right now. While I was getting pretty excited, I was also getting pretty nervous. I've never had sex before or any sexual encounters as a matter of fact. So this is my first, however given my moments of thinking of Annabeth, I had a vague idea about what this first experience would be like. As Annabeth's hand began messaging my dick, my adolescent hormones kicked in, bringing me to a full, throbbing, and almost painful erection. "Like it when I do that?" Annabeth questioned with a giddy smile on her face, her eyes beaming with anticipation. "Oh, fuck yeah." I replied with my breathing now deep and my voice husky. "Thought so and I hope you enjoy it, because this is a birthday present from me to you." Annabeth continued as her eyes drifted down to inspect the large bulge in my pants. It was at that moment that I couldn't help but to start shaking, not uncontrollably, just enough to be noticeable. "Percy, are you alright?" Asked a now slightly concerned Annabeth. I glanced at her and then replied shyly, an emotion I rarely let anyone see on my face. "Yeah, I've just… never… done this before. And this is all happening so fast, I'm just nervous I guess." I answered her. By the look on her face, I could tell she was thinking of a wicked way to get me in the right mood. Annabeth decided to reassure me in a most seductive manner. She got closer to whisper into my right ear. "But Percy, I want it fast." She whispered. I felt my cock twitch as she spoke those words; that was when my instincts took over. I grabbed Annabeth and pulled her to me once more and kissed her deeply and forcefully. When the kiss broke, Annabeth asked if I could make either some furniture or a bed with the water surrounding the air bubble I made for us. Well, technically just for her, I can breathe underwater without ease with me being the son of Poseidon and everything. Anyways, I expanded the air bubble to the size of a living room and made a bed out of water. After that, Annabeth lead me to the bed and positioned me right where she wanted me. I had my head on one of the pillows I made to come with the bed while the rest of my body was laid down across the rest of the bed with my feet just touching the end of the bed. When she was happy with my position, she smirked evilly and I gulped slightly, worried now that I'd started this whole thing off. Annabeth then approach me; she knelt in front of the bed and began taking my clothes off. First t-shirt, she slid her arms inside of my clothing to feel my bare skin. By the surprised expression on her face, it seemed like she was surprised how surprisingly muscular I actually was under my clothes. She lifted the t-shirt above my head and left it there blinding me, but only for a moment so that she was in control. The shirt I had on though was one of those shirts made out to be very thin and stretchable. So she probably didn't know she wasn't really blinding me the way she was hoping for. She ran her hands over my stomach up to my chest and sensually ran her California tanned hands across my body; I couldn't help but let out an audible sharp intake of breath, showing Annabeth how much I was enjoying this. One troubling thing though about this sensual experience was the large quantity of discolored scars across my body and it took her out of the moment. Annabeth seemed surprised that one person could have so many scars. "You have so many scars. Is this all from your years fighting monsters?" Annabeth asked as a single tear of empathy ran down her beautiful face. "Some of them, yes. Some others are from my years of trying to put with my ex step-father Gabe Ugliano. My relationship with him was a lot rougher than what I share and tell everyone about." I said as I also took my hand to wipe away the tear she had coming from her eyes as well as turn my head slightly away in embarrassment. After her tear was gone, she removed my shirt completely and stared into my sea green eyes. It looked like she temporarily lost herself in our eye contact before returning to the moment. She was sitting up near my chest while stroking my cheeks and forehead lovingly, but also in anticipation for what was to come. "Don't worry Percy; I'll take away your pain." Annabeth said sincerely as she removed all of my clothes aside from my dark blue jeans and all that lay beneath. Again she gave a wicked grin as she pulled my jeans and boxer shorts off leaving me completely nude. Annabeth then gave a gasp as she looked upon my erection standing tall and proud. In the embarrassment I felt, I shut my eyes, not wanting nasty remarks about what she was seeing, although in reality I was also pretty much enjoying what was happening right now. I eventually opened my eyes to see Annabeth leaning on my thighs while she also had her arms still resting on his stomach. One thing was absolutely clear though, she was mesmerized by the size of my cock. "I'm willing to bet you could even put the Olympian gods to shame. I wonder what you could do to an Olympian goddess with a weapon like this." Annabeth said. I wasn't expecting her to say anything like that. It made me wonder if she's been in sexual events before or if she's seen quite a lot of it in her days. That thought alone kinda scared me, but that wasn't what I was mainly concerned about right now. Under Annabeth's hungry looking gaze, I felt quite nervous so for fear of this moment ending I didn't say anything but I was wondering how long Annabeth would simply stare at his member. After a while of Annabeth doing nothing but staring at my erection and me being under her, she finally decided to get to business. Annabeth's hand crept slowly from my thighs to the base of my erection. Her hand swiftly grasped the base which caused my cock to jerk up at the sensation, a mischievous smile was all her face displayed and I keyed Annabeth was going to make this be a night to remember. Slowly Annabeth began stroking his cock in a tender way allowing for some sensual attention before the true love-making began. While still stroking me, she moved her lips right near my ear. "Happy birthday Percy." She seductively whispered then brushed her tongue over my ear. "Annabeth?" I asked wanting to know what exactly she was planning. She answered by just crashing her lips on mine