Gaia's True Love (Pecia) Since a lot of people have been telling me that my story "Percy's Sex Adventures" would probably be a lot better if I continued from where I started the first chapter and that I think there aren't enough stories about Percy being with Gaia, I'm writing this. What this will be is the first chapter from "Percy's Sex Adventures" and me taking that chapter much further on. I hope you all like. "Did you truly think that you could defeat me so easily?" Gaia asked. The plan had failed. Leo, Piper, and Jason were apparently hoping to catch Gaia off guard and finish her off then. They tried to bring Gaia to Oranos' territory where she wouldn't be as strong. But she knew that we'd go for that. She somehow knew what we intended to do to finish her off. The Argo 2 along with Jason, Piper and Leo had been brought to the ground by Gaia. It's over now. Our final hope has failed. Gaia has won. Here she stood, before both Greeks and Romans at Camp Half-Blood, with monsters at her command. We were outnumbered and outmatched. We had no chances of winning now. "Milady, what of the half-bloods?" A random monster asked. "Arrest them all. Their precious camp is now ours. Chain them and have them all locked up." Gaia commanded. You could all easily tell that we wanted to resist. But what could we do now? With Gaia awake and at her full power. Even with her children now dead, victory is in her grasp. Plus, there was no way we could escape. We're finished. We were all chained up and taken to be locked up. Gaia had cells made from the earth and we were all locked up like animals. She even had a special one arranged for Jason, Piper, Leo, Hazel, Frank, Annabeth, and I. As we spent god knows how long in there, no one really said much of anything. We were too depressed and ashamed of being beaten like this to actually want to let any conversation take place. Nothing ever happened in our cell either. That was how sorrowful we were. Nothing but monsters mocking and laughing at us all ever happened as we were locked up for about a day or so. But on one random hour, a centaur came over to the cell of the seven as it was now called. "Lady Gaia requests the presence of the son of Poseidon." The centaur said. Nothing was said, I just got up and let the monsters take me away from my friends and to Mother Earth. She was leading camp from the Big House, so that's where I was being taken to. When they threw me in, I was in a bedroom filled with lit candles, a dark night light from the window, and a primordial goddess in a robe. She was in her human size instead of her full height, with her bluish-greenish eyes, eyes that seemed to have the globe of the earth reflecting in them, black hair, and that sick evil smile on her face. "The son of Poseidon Milady." The centaur said. "That'll be all then." Gaia said waving the centaur out. "Percy Jackson." Gaia said making her way towards me. "Gaia." I glumly replied. "You no longer need these." Gaia said taking the chains I had on me off. "You're probably wondering why you're here." Gaia said walking around me. "To be the first to die?" I asked which made Gaia giggle. "Actually, I have something else in mind for you." Gaia said walking to my front. She then traced her fingers across my face. I tried to move away, but I could feel that Gaia had my feet stuck to the earth, so there wasn't much I could do to move without taking an unpleasant fall. "You look so much like your father." Gaia whispered suddenly closer to me. Then without warning, she moved my head to face her and shoved her tongue in my mouth. I was so shocked at this. I had no idea how I was to react. I mean, half of me just wanted her to get the fuck off of me, to stop kissing me and let me go back to my cell. I have a girlfriend for Zeus' sake. Gaia knows I'm dating Annabeth, and yet here she is devouring me. The other half kinda liked this. That half of me was the lust filled half of me. I know I have a girlfriend, but the heat, passion and lust that Gaia had in this was just too much for me to ignore. I couldn't even ignore her. She only removed her mouth from mine when she needed to breath. I needed to catch my breath as well. I took a look at our surroundings, and I don't know how I missed it or how it happened without me noticing. I guess the kiss was more distracting than I thought. Her robe was off on the ground along with my clothes, revealing my now rock hard cock and tanned body, Gaia's 32C tits and her shaven pussy. She was on top of me on the bed and I had my arms at her waist. "You're so much better than your father, better than Oranos, and even better than Tartarus." Gaia purred softly rubbing my tip. "I can't believe you just did that." I panted. Gaia just smirked and continued to rub my tip for a little while. I don't know what was creeping me out more right now. The fact that Gaia was being all romantic and affectionate to me, or the fact that I think she's gonna rape me any minute. "I can easily destroy all of this camp, along with all the mortals and the gods Percy, you know this. Do you know why I haven't though?" Gaia asked. I just shrugged in my cluelessness. "Because what's the point of winning a war if you deny yourself the spoils of it? I'm offering you a deal Percy Jackson." Gaia explained. "Okay?" I replied. "I will spare everyone's lives. I know their lives mean everything to you. I will let them all live. I will let them live if you agree to be my king." Gaia said. "What?" I asked godsmacked. "I'm attracted to you. And I want you by my side." Gaia whispered against me. "I have a girlfriend." I moaned. "And if you want her and all the others to live, you will cooperate with me." Gaia whispered. "It's not that easy." I moaned. "Well then, we're gonna have to work on that." Gaia whispered. Then she made me enter her. And she was really tight. We were both moaning in pain. Her from how much I was filling her up and me from how tightly her cunt was strangling my cock. I know she hasn't had any children in many years, but this was still unbelievable. What was even more unbelievable was the fact that I was responding to her. I was moaning quite a lot. That is until she silences me with her boobs. She shoved my face to her chest and her tits in my mouth. "That's right Percy! Fuck me! Fuck me, my new husband! Oh Chaos! Percy!" Gaia loudly moaned. I sped up my thrusts and had my hands roaming all over her body. I'm gonna end up dead when Annabeth finds out about this. I just hope she knows Gaia really forced me to doing this. I know I'm responding, but she started this, not me, and I didn't ask for this to happen. So this is all on Gaia, not me. And in all honesty, how can I resist her? She's the second most powerful being to ever walk this universe. The only being that's just as powerful as Gaia is Gaia's mother Chaos. Either way, she's in complete control and I'm at her mercy. "I'm about to cum." I said. "Cum in me Percy Jackson! Give me your child!" Gaia screamed. And with that, I just decided to throw all logic out the window and give in to temptation. I unleashed my orgasm and triggered Gaia's. We were breathing pretty hard. She got off of me and laid beside me. As we both just laid there, all I could think about is how fucked up things are right now. I still hated her. I still felt disgust for her, but now that I'm seeing a more somewhat gentle side of her, I find it a bit harder to hate her. I have no idea why really; I just know that's how I'm feeling right now. All I could feel was how much more complicated things were getting. As for her, well, I guess she feels a little straight forward about it. She just wanted me by her side as she rules. I don't really know why me instead of anyone else, but I guess I don't get a say in it, so it wouldn't matter. I looked down and saw that there was both cum and ichor dripping out of Gaia. I don't know why, but I got up and went down to clean her up. Gaia gasped when I did this, but didn't stop me. She just grabbed a hold of my head and tried to bring me in deeper. I kept cleaning her up until I had all the earthly nectar cleaned up from her. When I was done, Gaia brought me back up to the bed and laid me on my back on the bed's headboard and repaid the favor. She started cleaning off my dick, which was covered with both our cum and her ichor. I thought I saw a few glimpse of my blood on it too, but I couldn't say for sure. When she looked up at me, I saw tears falling from her eyes, which shocked me. "Gaia?" I asked. "I haven't had a man in so long. You're everything that Oranos, Tartarus, and Poseidon aren't. I need you Percy Jackson." Gaia said. She looked so desperate right now. Like what she was asking for was beyond important to her. Tears were still forming in her eyes as well. She was even lightly pecking me and softly trailing her fingers across my face with nothing but love and affection. I could see it in her earthly eyes. If she was capable of actually loving someone, I guess that person would actually be me. Annabeth, I hope you can forgive me for this somehow. "Okay." I said. "Okay what?" Gaia asked confused. "Okay, I'll rule with you." I said. "Oh Percy." Gaia said bringing me in for a firm and passionate kiss, which I was very eager to return. She wrapped her arms around my neck and I had my arms around her waist, bringing her closer to me. As we did, I gently turned her over to face the opposite direction than me. She seemed confused at this, but again, didn't really say or do anything to stop me. When she was facing the same direction as me, I sat her down on me and entered her ass. "Oh Chaos! Oh, I've never been touched like this before, but I love it! I love you Percy!" Gaia screamed. I said nothing and continued pounding in her ass. Her ass was really tight like her pussy. But with my cock being coated with her saliva, it made things easier. I went in with as much strength as I could muster. Gaia tried to meet my thrusts as well, bouncing herself up and down on my crotch. "YES PERCY, YES! RUIN ME! MAKE ME YOURS! MAKE ME YOUR QUEEN! OH MY CHAOS! PERCY!" Gaia exclaimed. By now, a lot of people are bound to hear us. Though I don't think I cared really. All I seemed to care about was pleasing my new queen. So I just completely