Hera's Affair (Pera) Now, here's a Percy x Hera one-shot. This will be inspired by another Percy x Hera story, A Queen's Affair, I think the name of the story was. I can't really remember because the story was unfortunately deleted. I also can't really remember who wrote the story or who was the one who adopted it. I just know that the story is now gone and it was a great story. And this'll also be written similar to how I wrote "Gaia's True Love". I hope you all like it. And as I've said a few times in a few of my other stories, I haven't really read the books in a while, and I unfortunately don't have any time to read them. So please, if possible, don't be too hard on me if I end up getting some things screwed up. After Annabeth kissed me as I told her to leave me and get to Hephaestus to tell him about who and what has been giving him so many problems with his forges and for what purpose while I hold them off and buy her as much time as I could, she put on her invisibility cap and ran off. I just hoped that she'd be safe and be able to get there in time. Or at least have much better luck than I will. After, I didn't know how I was gonna be able to fend off as many telekhines as there were after me. I had no idea how I was gonna do it really, but I had to at least try. So I ran back to the forges and prepared for what I knew was most likely going to be my last stand. The telekhines found me and charged at me. Using my strength and power through water, I summoned as big of a tidal wave as I could at the telekhines and was able to finish them all off. But I ended up overdoing it. Because I ended setting off an explosion. The explosion sent me up in the air as if a volcano had just erupted and sent its lava up in the air. With how tired and exhausted I already was from using so much of my energy defending myself from the telekhines, I was already mostly unconscious to do anything about it. So by the time I felt like I was falling now, I had already completely lost consciousness and blacked out. That was when I knew I was dead. Well, I was supposed to be dead, though it would seem that someone else had other intentions on the matter. "Oh, my head." I breathlessly whispered to myself as I slowly began to open my eyes. My sight was a little blurry at first, so I couldn't really see anything very clearly. But as I was finally regaining my conscience, I had a very good guess that I was dead. I hoped that I was in Elysium and not in the Fields of Punishment or Tartarus. I didn't want to end up in either one of those places. Though as my vision was starting to clear up, I noticed that I was tucked in on a bed and I was in a big, but dark, bedroom. At least I thought it was a bedroom. I also noticed that I was still in pain. My body still ached. That was when I figured that maybe I actually wasn't dead. I figured that if I was dead, I wouldn't be able to feel any more physical pain. I don't really know much about being dead, but I thought that if I was dead, physical pain was something I wouldn't be able to feel anymore. "You're awake." Someone said. I slowly turned my head in the direction of where I heard this person from. And who I saw was one of the last people I ever thought I'd see. It was Hera. I recognized her the very second I saw her. She looked exactly the same as she did when I saw her in the labyrinth, white dress, blonde hair, blue electrifying eyes, almost like Thalia, and everything. She found Annabeth, Grover, Tyson, and I when all four of us were traveling in the Labyrinth. It was also her that told us to head to Hephaestus to gain another lead for the quest. Of course, that ended up proving difficult when we reached the Sphinx. Note to self, never rely on Annabeth for anything ever again. She'll only make everything harder and more complicated. "Lady Hera." I groaned as I tried to get up. "Rest young one." Hera said, coming over and placing a hand on my chest, gently laying me back down. "What happened?" I asked. "You passed out. I found you and brought you to one of my secret temples." Hera answered. "But what happened in the Labyrinth?" I asked. "My son's forges have been purged of the telekhines that dwelt in them. Hephaestus is very grateful to you for it. And Athena's daughter, Annabeth Chase has informed Hephaestus of everything and is now safely back at camp." Hera answered. I sighed in relief at that. Annabeth made it and was safe at camp. I was so happy that she was alright. I was also happy that I actually wasn't dead. I guess I get to live on a few more years after all. I was still shocked that Hera saved me and everything, but happy regardless. "How long have I been out?" I asked. "Almost two weeks." Hera answered. "Almost two weeks!?" I repeated, sitting up in shock. "Calm down Percy, don't stress yourself out. You still need to recover." Hera said. I probably would've calmed down like she said if I hadn't noticed something else that was shocking. I noticed that while the blanket that I was under was still covering me up to my waist, I didn't have any clothes on. I was completely naked. "Um . . . where are my clothes?" I asked. "Oh, they were beyond saving, I'm afraid. So I had to get rid of them." Hera answered, and the answer really godsmacked me. "You removed my clothes?" I asked wide eyed. "Don't feel too bad. Despite a few bruises and blisters here and there, your body was fine." Hera said. That didn't really make me feel any better. If anything, only more embarrassed that a woman stripped me of my clothes and saw me naked. What could possibly be more humiliating than that? I was so shocked in place by this, that I almost didn't notice something, a feeling I got on my chest. I saw that Hera was rubbing her thumb against my chest. It was then that I realized that Hera's hand had actually never left my chest since the moment she put it there. Her hand felt warm against my chest. It was also kinda comforting in a way. And when I looked at Hera, she was eyeing me so strongly and intensely, that it was as if I was the only thing that was on her mind right now. "Pretty fit for a fourteen-year-old." Hera said quietly, but loud enough for me to hear. "I'll be fifteen in a few days." I said. "Oh, your birthday's coming up?" Hera asked in a husky voice and started tracing her fingers against my chest in random patterns. "Yeah, . . . August 18th." I said, feeling goosebumps and tingles as Hera traced her fingers on my chest. "Hm." Hera simply went right before she suddenly crashed her lips on mine. I was so shocked by this move she made on me. She just started a kiss out of nowhere. She brought her other hand around my neck to try and bring me closer to her. "H – Hera, what are you . . . ?" I tried to get out as she continued to kiss me. "I want you." Hera said breathlessly against my lips. "But what about Zeus?" I asked. "What about Zeus?" Hera asked in a dull mood and stopped kissing me to look at me, waiting for an answer. "Well, he is your husband." I pointed out. "A husband that thinks that he can do whatever he wants and have any woman he wants. He even has children with other women when he knows how much it offends me and how much I hate it. He doesn't care though. It's always about what he wants, what he thinks, and what he decided. He's a terrible husband to me." Hera said. "Can't argue with that one." I said, agreeing. "I can rarely stand him anymore. I want a man in my life that'll make me feel loved. I want a man who always puts me first, someone who would never offend me like that, and above else, someone I know I can rely on no matter what." Hera said, leaning her face against mine and looking very deeply into my eyes. "And you actually think that man is me?" I asked shocked. "You wouldn't be here right now if you weren't." Hera said and then started flicking her tongue against my mouth. "So is this really because you have an interest in me, or is this just to get back at Zeus since he's not really too fond of me?" I asked. "Since it can go either way really, pick one." Hera said as she stuck her tongue in my mouth and went back to kissing me. I responded back to her, though I hardly had any idea on what the hell I was doing. These kisses were very different from the one I got from Annabeth in the Labyrinth. Annabeth's kiss was about as normal and ordinary as a kiss can be. It wasn't a boring kiss or anything, but for a first kiss, I didn't really feel too much from it. Probably because it happened during a matter of life and death situation and all I really got from it was Annabeth wishing me luck and telling me I better find a way to survive. With Hera here, it was hot. It was heated, needy, and demanding. I didn't want to be used for a jealousy game against Zeus, despite how tempting it sounded, but rejecting a woman who opens herself to you and wants something between her and you is just plain wrong. I didn't know what to make of Hera's bold move, but I might as well live it as long as I can. "This is so wrong." I whispered against her lips. "A relationship between you and me sounds so wrong but also feels so right." Hera whispered against my lips as she worked her way out of her dress to be naked like me. After she got her dress off and threw it elsewhere, she moved so she was sitting on my lap with her legs on both sides of me and her pussy against me now forming erection. We both ended up moaning into our kiss with the feeling of me erection rubbing against her pussy. I knew this was so wrong, but I just couldn't stop or pull away. I don't think I even wanted to either. I was just being advanced on by a beautiful woman and I just didn't want her to stop. "Hera, are you sure about this?" I asked, knowing where this was going. Instead of saying anything she just took a hold of my cock and slammed her hips down on it. She let out a loud screech and yelp as she did it, and I let out a surprised yelp. She just had us go straight to making us one. "It's been so long since I've had sex." Hera moaned as she started bouncing on me. Aside from how it can lead to having kids and learning about it in science class and everything, I never thought too much on the matter of sex. I