a/n: this is an AU. it means that it's NOT in the pjo world. there's no greek gods or camp half blood. this is percabeth in the real world. i'm not very pleased with the writing, but i hope u still enjoy this. it's almost 5000 words long. there's also probably too man grammar errors and i apologise for that. synopsis: They've been best friends since forever. Annabeth Chase can't remember when they didn't know each other. age5: Annabeth Chase said goodbye to her father as she was dropped off for her first day of school. Even at the age of five, Annabeth Chase felt independent. She waved goodbye as Fredrick Chase's car drove away from the entrance. Two people caught her attention. A short boy with black messy hair and striking green eyes. He was stuck closely to his mother. She had long wavy brown hair and the only word that came to Annabeth's mind when she saw the lady was nice. Apparently, she saw the boy everywhere. He was in her class after all. They didn't talk much, and Annabeth could tell he was pretty shy around everyone. She found out his name was Percy on the second week of school. Annabeth had been playing near the sandpit with her new best friend, Piper Mclean. "Can I play with you guys too?" He had asked so politely. Cooties were common, but Annabeth knew that cooties weren't going to stop her befriending Percy Jackson. Apparently, Sally Jackson came pretty late that day. And so did Fredrick Chase - well Fredrick always came late. Annabeth and Percy were the last to leave kindergarten that day. It was a norm for Annabeth, but not for Percy. They talked a bit, and Percy didn't seem worried about getting cooties either. On that day, Annabeth Chase decided that Percy Jackson wasn't really shy anymore. Fredrick and Sally came around the same time. Sally came in running towards Percy, carrying him and apologising for being so late. "It's okay mum, Annabeth was here to keep me company," he smiled a toothy grin. Sally turned towards Annabeth and said hello to her. They conversed a bit, mainly Sally asking Annabeth if she wanted a ride home. Just then, Fredrick Chase came in. She didn't run and hug her dad like what happened with Percy. Annabeth just stood up and said goodbye to Sally and Percy before leaving with her dad. Fredrick Chase said a few words with Sally Jackson before bringing his daughter back home. age6 Percy and Annabeth still remain good friends. In fact, Sally Jackson offers to send Annabeth home everyday. Fredrick Chase allows that as his work makes it hard for him to leave just to send Annabeth home to an empty home. Sally Jackson realises this, and decides that Annabeth is too young to be left at home. So, everyday after school, Annabeth goes to the Jackson's household and they spend the afternoon and most of the evening there. Sally Jackson also decides to work from home instead of hopping from store to store. This way, she takes care of both Percy and Annabeth. Percy and Annabeth are often teased in class for spending so much time together. But it doesn't matter to them, they don't think cooties exist anyways. age 7 Annabeth Chase starts school in a newer and bigger school. It's a good thing she's still friends with Percy. In fact, they go to the same school, Goode High. Annabeth soon finds out that she's actually really good at school. She enjoys every bit of it. Percy, however, isn't feeling the joy of school as much. He's dyslexic, apparently, and so is Annabeth. The only difference is that Annabeth is doing well. He hates school more because the guys in his class tease him so much about Annabeth. They say he's going to catch cooties, but after two years with Annabeth, he thinks that if he caught them, he would be okay with that. They still spend a lot of time together in Percy's house. Sally Jackson treats Annabeth as her daughter, and Annabeth is glad. Her mum left her when she was a baby, and her dad isn't even home most of the time. Sally Jackson is her substitute mum, and she loves it. age 8 "I think you're finally old enough to learn the secret recipe," Sally tells Annabeth and Percy one day. They both exchange grins, smiling widely. They love blue cookies, and Sally Jackson had finally decided to teach them the secret to it. The kitchen doesn't end up in a disaster, thankfully. Percy and Annabeth still enjoy each other's company. Even after the many teasing they get from their friends. Piper Mclean is still Annabeth's best girl friend, and all is well to Annabeth. She even topped her class that year. age 9 This is when things get hard for her. Her father springs up a surprise marriage proposal to his girlfriend. She's bittersweet about this. Annabeth wants her real mother, not another one. But she doesn't even know a clue about her real mother. She settles for his girlfriend, she seems okay anyways. Not only does this surprise marriage make Annabeth upset, Percy Jackson decides it's time to get a life in school. He joins the swim team - and that means less Percy and Annabeth time. They only have Monday and Friday's free. His swimming practices are on Tuesday and Thursday, and Annabeth's chess club meets on Wednesday. She thinks her friendship between herself and Percy is drifting. They're not together in every class, and even when they are, Annabeth chooses to sit next to Piper while Percy chooses Jason. age 10 Annabeth definitely thinks that she's drifting from Percy. They only meet up on Friday's now. Apparently, Percy's a really good swimmer. She knows that too. She sees him during competitions anyways. She's happy for him, but sad about their friendship. They're barely in any classes too. She's put into the advanced classes, and Annabeth desperately hopes they're in the same class. They are for one though, Greek mythology. Apparently, both of them have a knack for that subject. It's the only class they have together, so they take the opportunity and sit next to each other during that class. Piper Mclean isn't in that class, and neither is Jason Grace. She's actually quite happy about that because it means that they'll have their alone time. age 11 Annabeth doesn't know why, but when she's 11, everything seems to fall apart. Her stepmother is pregnant with two boys. And this means that her stepmother won't be working much anymore – which leads to less Percy time. She goes back to her boring home instead of the Jackson's household. She doesn't go to Percy's house anymore. She comes back home to take care of her stepbrothers, Bobby and Matthew. She doesn't like them, she concludes. It's not helping that Percy and her aren't in any of the same class, except for Greek mythology. There's also a new boy in that class – Grover Underwood. Apparently, Grover and Percy are in the same homeroom together, and the teacher assigns Percy to sit next to Grover. She's bummed that she's losing her best friend. She's really glad one day though. Percy brings her blue cookies from Sally Jackson. He said his mum misses her, and so does he. She blushes and thanks Percy for the cookies. They decide that if they can't meet up much, they should sit together for lunch. And that's what they do. She thinks the break times help their friendship. They're definitely not awkward around each other and they constantly tease the hell out of each other. Annabeth decides to spend her Thursday afternoons at the bleachers, watching Percy swim. She does her work while he practices. And after practice, they take the bus home together. Sally thinks Percy is old enough, and makes him take the bus home. They live near each other, thankfully. In fact, they drop off at the same bus stop. From the bus stop, however, they split routes and walk home on their own. They decide at the age of eleven that their friendship is worth keeping and sacrificing time for. Percy waits behind every Wednesday for Annabeth to finish Chess, and Annabeth waits for Percy's swim practices. They take the bus home everyday. The thirty minute bus ride home allows them to catch up on their lives, and Annabeth loves it. Her stepmother doesn't though, but Annabeth just lies and says she has other activities on in school, thus her reason for staying back. Her stepmother believes, and Annabeth is still best friends with Percy, and she thinks everything is fine. age 12 Annabeth thinks that everything is weird. She's changing. Percy's changing. Her friends are changing. And Annabeth Chase doesn't like change, but she accepts it. Annabeth soon discovers she's good in cheerleading, and the cheerleading team wants her. She accepts, and this leaves her busy on Wednesday and Friday. She still only has one class that she shares with Percy. They still don't sit next to each other, but they take the bus home together and eat lunch together. But lunch time is a hard topic now. Annabeth is asked to sit with the cheerleaders – which includes her best friend, Piper. Annabeth, however, prefers sitting with Percy. She tries to do both. Every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, she sits with Percy. On Tuesday and Thursday she sits with the cheerleaders. She thinks this arrangement is fine, but it really isn't. The only thing they do share are the bus rides home. But apparently, their new friends Hazel and Frank, live near them too. This means that the four of them ride home together. Annabeth isn't keen about the idea, but she accepts it. Anyways, during the two days Annabeth abandons Percy for recess, he's often seen with the two of them. age 13 Annabeth is thirteen, and all she can think is that the new guy Luke, looks hot. She tries to get close to him, and it's pretty easy since he shares most of the classes with Annabeth. She's still topping her class. Percy knows Annabeth likes Luke. He can totally see it. But Percy, despite training so hard swimming, is short and scrawny compared to Annabeth. Her year in cheer has made her taller, tanner, leaner and muscular. Percy feels nothing beside Luke. But he's her best friend, he knows one day Annabeth will date other guys. They don't spend much time together, in fact. Percy continues to wait for Annabeth to ride the bus home after her cheer practice. She's grateful for that, and she sends him a thankful smile as they talk on the bus ride home. But when it's her turn to wait for him, it doesn't happen all the time. She forgot, she told him. He tries his best to accept her apology. He knows she left with Luke. And did Percy not mention that Luke is on the football team? Well, he is. Annabeth cheers for his games too. Percy feels hurt that this is how their friendship is going to end, but he smiles through it. He doesn't want to lose Annabeth as a friend at all. age 14 He's slightly shorter than her, but he's catching up, he feels. Percy thinks Annabeth has gotten a lot prettier. She keeps her hair longer now, and her beautiful blonde curls reminds him of a princess. Percy's given sympathetic looks when she abandons him during lunch. She sits with the cheerleaders everyday now. Doesn't she see them during training? Why sit with them during breaks too! The worst part of it is that the cheerleaders and the footballers sit together. They're the popular gang, and Percy sees that too. Jason Grace is on the football team, but he refuses the offer and sits next to Percy with Frank and Hazel everyday. He thanks Jason silently