Happy Free Ship Week! Yes, Katie and Lee is a very obscure non-canon ship, but that's what Free Week is for! I'm still not sure where this story went and what it's really about, but hopefully you'll like it. Disclaimer: The world and characters belong to Rick Riordan. Dedication: To Tumblr users louellenthenosestealer, kaylathequeen, and theoneandonlymirandagardiner (aka generally awesome people and the other members of this ship who tolerate my rambling about it and saw the original version of this story). And yes, a bunch of the headcanons for Lou/Kayla/Miranda in this story belong to you guys. Living in the Silence First Summer Katie Gardner was quiet on the way to Long Island. Her dad drove, and occasionally he glanced back at her and opened his mouth, but she pointedly stared out the window. Rachel had stayed at home with Hannah, and Katie had heard the whispered not-quite-arguments between her dad and her stepmom after the attack six days ago. She rubbed her arm, where the pink scar still stung. The scrape of a claw, but it could've been worse. That – that monster had been injured, so she'd had a chance to hide, to get away. Thank God she'd always been good at climbing trees. She crossed her arms over her chest, closing her eyes. Her dad wouldn't even say what this camp was, why the wolf-creature had attacked her, why it even existed. She'd never been a TV person, but she felt like one of those unnamed victims from one of the new popular horror shows her classmates chatted about. The little girl caught in a world of demons and torn apart by them. Shifting on the seat again, she returned to staring out the window. "Child of the Greek gods," the orientation film said. "Undetermined," one of the counselors said, and she found herself in a sweaty, crowded cabin where she couldn't hear herself think. First day. Crickets in her socks. Mayonnaise in her pillowcase. Naturally, pranksters couldn't resist boasting, so she found out exactly who she had to loathe – Travis and Connor Stoll. Apparently they weren't twins, but she didn't care. They were both near enough to her age that they'd made her a personal target. Second day. All of her left shoes missing (three). Shoved into the lake during canoeing. She swore she wouldn't cry, but that didn't stop her from screaming at the good-for-nothing boys. The blonde girl with the accent – Lou Ellen – let her borrow a fresh pair of clothes. Katie mumbled a thanks and started planning how she'd run away. Third day. She crouched on the lower branches of a tree near the forest, with the light morning mist clinging to her skin, her thoughts drowning out everything else. Playing in her mind over and over - Dad and Rachel giving her sideways looks, their harsh whispers when they thought she couldn't hear, Hannah suddenly having friends' houses to go to all the time. Couldn't sleep. Didn't want to sleep. It had finally been too long that she'd given up and figured it was technically morning so that harpies probably wouldn't eat her (she was skeptical anyways, but she wanted to play it safe). "You dropped your shoes." Startled, she twisted – her hand slipping from the branch above, oh no – Katie spun her arms for a moment before clutching the tree trunk and glaring at the boy who dared surprise her when she was trying to avoid people. "Did you ever think maybe I left them down there for a reason?" she snapped. "Honestly, who climbs trees wearing shoes ?" He shrugged. "Sorry. I don't really climb much. And there isn't usually anyone else out here." He studied her intently for a moment before asking, "Are you new?" Katie leaned back against the trunk, glaring at him. "Why do you ask?" "Camp's a little freaky the first time you get here." He shrugged again before sitting down, leaning up against the trunk. "You're just going to hang out here?" Katie peered down at him. "I can go somewhere else if you want. The edge of the forest is a good place to watch the sun come up from over Half-Blood Hill." He pointed to where the earth rose up and a pink glow was spreading across the sky. "Seriously? You come out here to watch the sunrise?" "Well-" From her perch on the branch she could see him raise his hands defensively. "It's quiet, peaceful, and…" he hesitated. "Kind of makes me feel closer to Dad. That might be weird - " "Closer to your dad?" "Apollo. God of the sun, music, poetry - a whole bunch, actually." He stretched, reaching his arms above his head. Sighing, Katie crouched and jumped to the ground. The boy handed her her sandals. "I'm Lee. Lee Fletcher." She crossed her arms and muttered, "Katie." "What?" "What do you mean, what?" "You're being pretty snappy with me, you know?" Cue the glare. Lee sighed. "What's bugging you?" She swallowed. "Hermes cabin." "Ah. Undetermined?" "Yeah." "Pranked?" "…yes." He patted the little spot of grass next to him. "Sounds like you need a little peace and relaxation." "Glad to move out of Eleven?" Lee smiled as he handed her an ice cream cone. "Gods, yes. And thanks," she added, inclining her head towards the cone. "Sure." They sat on one of the benches just outside the cluster of cabins, so they wouldn't get in the way of an intense game of tag a few of the campers had set up. Demeter, goddess of harvest. It still just felt like a cabin change, not like this woman was her mom. Why hadn't her dad told her? Katie licked the ice cream - scoop of strawberry, scoop of vanilla - and blinked quickly to fend off the tears that were started to sting her eyes. It was all too much, too soon. She didn't belong here. "Beautiful day." Lee stretched out his legs, looking up at the puffy white clouds. "Mmm." He glanced over at her for a moment before saying, "Tomorrow you'll be waking up in a new cabin, with a whole lot of new adventures waiting for you." "I don't think I'm the adventure type." "You didn't like Hermes cabin, but this is a fresh start. A whole new day is coming." He gestured a little too wildly, almost causing his ice cream cone to tip over. Katie snorted. "Hey, there's a reason I go out and watch the sun come up." Lee smiled, licking his own chocolate cone. First day. An actual bunk. Clean, sweet-smelling sheets. Flowers bursting outside, flowers that shouldn't have been blooming at the same time. "Hey!" A brunette maybe a little younger than her poked her head out of the cabin door, smiling brightly. "You're Katie, right?" "Um, yes. And you are…?" "Miranda," she grinned. "Nice to meet you. And don't worry, you'll fit right in here." "Thanks?" Miranda turned into the cabin and shouted, "Amiya! She's here!" Another girl hurried into the doorframe. Katie had seen her around camp a little – the new head counselor for Demeter. She looked possibly Indian, or Mexican; Katie couldn't really tell – with dark hair, dark eyes, and a confident aura. "Welcome to Cabin Four," Amiya said and proceeded to give her a brief tour. "See! See! " "Gods, shut up." Katie rolled her eyes. "Liking Demeter cabin more than Hermes isn't saying much." Lee raised his eyebrows. "Fine. Amiya's – great, actually. I mean, I can talk to her. And Miranda's fun to hang out with." "Aha!" She shoved his shoulder, and he flopped back on the sand, wiggling his toes so they just dipped into the sound. "You should come over to Apollo one of these days. We're a fun bunch." "That sounds concerning." "Maybe. But a group of pre-teen and teenage boys who can sing and write poetry? What could be better? Although don't let Will near your toothpaste." "Really?" she groaned. "Did you not get that I don't like hanging out with pranksters?" "But you're adjusting to camp now, and pranking is practically a lifestyle choice here. At the very least, it's time to get used to it." "Never." Miranda dragged her over to introduce her to a friend from Hermes. Katie was less than enthusiastic, but when she saw it was Lou Ellen meeting them near the climbing wall, she was a little more okay with it. They headed over to the lake and sat with their feet dangling in the water. "Lou's a daughter of Hecate," Miranda explained. "But there's no cabin for her, so she stays in Hermes." "Sorry," Katie said. "'S not so bad," Lou laughed. "Some o' me best mates are in there." "Seriously?" Katie crossed her arms. Hermes kids were the bane of her existence. Lou must've figured the direction of her thoughts because she nodded and said, "Ay. Conn Conn and Trav aren't so bad once you ge' used to em." "The Stolls!" "Kates! Open mind, now." Miranda attempted a stern tone and failed miserably. They cracked up, and after another hour Katie decided that she liked Lou Ellen. "We'll miss you." Amiya hugged her, and Katie waved as she walked out of the cabin. Miranda was waiting outside and grabbed her hand. They headed to the top of the hill together, arms swinging. "Hey! You weren't gonna come by to say goodbye?" Lee Fletcher was marching up the hill, trying not to grin. "Goodbye?" She bit her lip, looking down at her toes. "You're not leaving?" "Year-rounder." Katie turned to Miranda. "Seriously, why am I friends with all the year-rounders?" She shrugged. "Maybe it means it's your destiny to become one, too." "Thanks, but no thanks," she laughed, although a little uneasily. Sure, she wanted to get back to her normal life. But was it really normal if none of her family members were comfortable talking to her? "Well, until next summer." He waved. "Bye, Lee." Miranda walked her to the road and then ran back up to the top of the hill to watch the car drive off. Second Summer Her first day back Lou Ellen and Miranda talked her into a canoe race. Somehow they all ended up dripping wet, with Chiron shaking his head. The weather was getting weird, though, and Lou called an emergency ice cream meeting behind the cabins since everyone was getting a little nervous. It consisted of Lou, Katie, Miranda, Connor, and Travis – Lou had dubbed them the "Flawless Five", although Katie figured she'd never get along with the Stolls after all the pranks they'd pulled against Demeter. (But it meant Lou was playing peacemaker, and that was hilarious enough to make Katie agree to hang out with the pranksters.) Katie argued that pistachio was too a great ice cream flavor, and after a nearly-averted food fight the meeting was adjourned. Hellhound during Capture the Flag. The new camper claimed as a child of Poseidon. "Has anything like this happened before?" she asked. Lee shook his head. "Not since I've been here." "Right." She swallowed. "Okay." Silence. "Race you to the top of the tree?" he suggested "You don't climb trees," she said. "No time like the present!" Lee exclaimed, and Katie snorted. She did visit Apollo cabin, who had finally gotten a female camper. Katie said hi to Kayla and tried to remember which of the boys was which. Will was the tall one? Michael was the grumpy one who had just woken up? Andrew was oldest, and Austin the youngest… "How do you deal with this many brothers?" Katie whispered to Kayla. Lee looked offended, but Kayla laughed. There might be war. The rumor kept circling camp. It rained when it wasn't supposed to. "Well, we survived another year." Miranda flopped on the bed, kicking off her flip flops. "Kind of a close one," Katie said. "Zeus's master bolt stolen. Almost World War Three." But for the first