A/N: Finally wrote something for PJO Ship Weeks! Although I feel like I was kind of overly ambitious with this idea, and it might have worked out better if I'd spent more time developing it. But I think the story turned out alright, so here you go! Also, I will be trying to write something for each of the ships, even the ones I've missed already. I've already written something for Grover/Juniper and am just waiting until I get a couple of the other ones done before posting it. Even if it won't technically be for the ship weeks, I want to expand my horizons and actually write and publish more fics. So stay tuned! Rated T for major character death, battle scenes, etc. Disclaimer: I don't own the Percy Jackson universe or most of the characters portrayed below. Gods of Olympus, it was raining. Thalia stumbled backwards, pointing her spear at the nearest hellhound. Luke was running up the hill with Annabeth clinging to his back, with Grover urging him on. She closed her eyes and something jerked in her stomach before a brilliant flash lit the sky and another one of the hellhounds vaporized, leaving a burning smell behind. "Come on!" Luke grabbed her hand, and she followed him, raising her shield against the pack. Thalia could hear the Furies laughing and remembered Halcyon Green's words. Her destiny was sacrifice. No. She tried to push away the thought. They reached the top of the hill. She'd never be safe. She'd never be anything more than a prize, a piece of meat with a price on her head, a mistake who'd lived far too long for Hades. She'd always known that Luke and Annabeth could never stay with her, but Thalia had never wanted to admit it. Glancing over her shoulder, she saw the faint lights of a house through the rain. They might make it. If they were lucky. She'd never been lucky. "Go." Barely a whisper. "Go, Luke!" Louder, but the words still caught in her throat. "What?" He twisted, raising his sword. "Are you kidding? Hurry up!" "Thalia!" Grover called. "You have to get to safety!" She shook her head. "Get out of here. I can stop them." "The hell you can– " Luke snarled "Luke!" She shot a pointed look at Annabeth, and he clenched his jaw. A hellhound lunged, and she darted forward to meet it, ducking into a roll and stabbing her spear into its neck. The monster disintegrated. "Let me down!" Annabeth shouted. Luke glanced over his shoulder at her, and then his eyes met Thalia's. She could almost see them fracture into a million pieces. "No time," Thalia gasped, raising her shield again. Too many, too close. Gods, they were toying with her at this point. "You've got to keep moving," Grover pleaded, but she ignored him. "I'll meet you at the house, okay?" Luke's voice caught, and she nodded, hoping the rain would obscure the tears stinging her eyes. "You can't stay here!" Grover tried to tug at her arm, but she shook her head. "They'll never rest until they tear me apart. I can buy you some time. I-" She blinked, wiping her eyes. " Please , Grover . " They had a brief staring contest, and Grover reluctantly let go of her arm, following Luke and Annabeth, urging them down the hill. Thalia took a deep breath. No distractions now. The hellhounds growled, stepping closer until she was surrounded on three sides. Thalia raised Aegis higher, but it wouldn't hold them for long. No, she didn't want to die, by Hades, she'd never wanted to die this young. "Grover, keep them safe!" she yelled. Thalia called down a blast of lightning that shook the hillside. Claws scraped her arm, and she ducked. Heavy paws missed her by inches. Cackling. Someone was screaming. Her side stung, sticky and wet. Dying hurt. The rain dripped down her cheeks as she hit the ground, jarring her side. Something broken. Broken. Red and blue and black. Heat flaring over her like a fiery blanket. Then gray. Then black. Thalia always said that she didn't remember anything from her time as a tree. And it was the truth. A good thing, too – for in her dreams time divided, and the world was broken. For the first and last time in her immortal life, Thalia Grace saw fate, saw the strings that were cut the night she died. One – Hope and Trust "Knock knock?" "Go away," Thalia groaned. "It's ten o'clock in the morning!" "Your point?" Luke creaked open the door to Cabin One and poked his head in. "You can't stay in here all day," he said. "Uh yeah, I think I can." Thalia pulled the pillow over her head. "Go away, Luke." "Look, I'm bored, will you at least go to the arena with me?" "You are awful at getting me to do what you want." He sighed in exasperation and entered the cabin, sitting next to her sleeping bag. "You don't like camp, I don't like camp, can we at least not like camp together?" He raised an eyebrow. "Annabeth likes camp," Thalia sighed. "She's seven." Thalia closed her eyes. "Wish I could be seven again." "Really?" She opened one eye. "Nah, I guess." Luke stole her pillow. "Hey! Give it back, Castellan, or I'll fry your eyebrows off again!" "You wouldn't," he grinned. "Not after you saved my life last week." "Miracle we made it into camp," she grumbled. "I almost told you to leave and let me deal with the army." "Glad you didn't." Pause. Luke cleared his throat. "The campers handled it. And Chiron. Wouldn't have made it without Aegis, though." "Mmhmm. Respect the shield." … "Up, Thalia!" "No!" "Why not?" "I'm not a freak show to be gawked at when I walk around camp!" "How about I walk around camp with you, then? We can be a freak show together." "I hate you." … "And you've got to stay with your cabin." Thalia propped herself up on her elbows. Luke snorted. "There's so many kids in Eleven, I doubt they'll miss me." … "So…you coming?" "Urgh. Fine!" "Ha – see, I am good at getting you to do what I want!" … "Ow, Thalia, what was that for?" Whenever she wanted to crawl into a hole and not come out again, Annabeth would drag her around camp and point out the new hideaways and general cool stuff she'd found. And then she'd talk for hours about what she'd learned in Ancient Greek and demonstrate new knife-fighting techniques. Thalia had to grudgingly admit that maybe camp wasn't that bad. Years passed surprisingly quickly. She knew Luke hated being stuck in the crowded Hermes cabin like he didn't matter, but she'd sneak over, and they'd go into the woods to battle monsters. Thalia was barely fifteen when Chiron called her in to discuss rumors of dark things stirring in Tartarus. "Some old foes – so ancient we fool ourselves into thinking they're gone for good – well, they want to find grounds in the mortal world," he explained. "You think this is about the so-called Great Prophecy." Thalia crossed her arms. He sighed. "I don't think these stirrings are powerful enough to be the start of anything. I'm just warning you to be careful." She had her first quest the following summer. Annabeth had complained about not being allowed along, but Thalia and Luke had agreed – they didn't want to put the ten-year-old in any more danger than she'd already been through with them. Amiya Chavan, thirteen years old and one of the most powerful children of Demeter at camp, was the third member. Thalia liked her – she was fiercely determined and not afraid to speak her mind. (She was also experienced – one of the few younger campers who'd been there before Thalia, Luke, and Annabeth.) They nearly got blasted to dust by one major (and several minor) gods, and the daughter of Zeus was a natural monster magnet, but somehow they managed to escape from the Mountain of Despair alive. "More reports from Hades?" she groaned. "He's keeping an eye on Tartarus," Chiron reminded her. "Atlas isn't escaping any time soon. Neither are the Titans in the pits of hell." She tapped her foot on the floor. "How could they?" He hesitated. "Rumors are stirring that Kronos has begun visiting dreams. You will let me know if you hear anything unusual?" "Of course." "Malcolm is not better at Capture the Flag strategy than I am!" Annabeth insisted. Thalia tapped her chin. "Did you give him a chance to explain his ideas?" "Well…not really." "Just because you're two braniacs around the same age doesn't mean you can't work together instead of competing." Luke reached over to ruffle her hair, just like he used to do when she was seven. Annabeth ducked out of the way and rolled her eyes. "If someone else has a good idea, that doesn't take away from who you are," Thalia said. "In fact, I bet that together you guys can think up a strategy to beat Ares on Friday." "Really?" "Really." As Annabeth hurried back to Cabin Six, Luke flashed a grin at Thalia. Her sixteenth birthday passed with no more than some extra-disturbing nightmares. Probably anxiety. "Maybe the prophecy's not about me. Or not about a demigod in this generation," she told Chiron. Annabeth was trying to work with the Hephaestus cabin to devise a better defense system for the camp. Border patrol was only working so much, and Cabin Nine still had no luck on finding the bronze dragon, or any other one of the automatons that used to defend camp. She sat with Thalia at the edge of the woods, her legs dangling from a tree branch. "We need something that'll hold off the monsters and raise an alarm to the camp," Annabeth explained. "There's got to be a way to keep the camp safe without the campers having to battle every monster that comes too close," Thalia argued. "If there is," she shrugged, "we haven't found it yet." "You ever think of going back out into the real world?" Thalia asked. "All the time." Luke fiddled with his shoelace, sighing. "It feels like we're stuck here, waiting for something. The gods don't even acknowledge us except to fight about us. Well, mainly you." "They haven't killed me yet," Thalia raised her eyebrows. "That's something." He muttered something that sounded like supposed to be our parents. "We don't need them," she shrugged. "They stay out of our lives, we stay out of theirs – works better that way." "How can you forgive them so easily? Hades tried to kill you!" "That was years ago. There's been less hellhounds at the borders since I passed my sixteenth birthday. I'm not saying I've forgiven them, but… I'd rather not spend my time moaning about them. Deadbeat parents are deadbeat parents. Done. Moving on." She started tearing at the grass around her feet, and Luke put his hand on her wrist. "Look – I…I'm sorry about your mom-" " Don't. " She stood, brushing off her ripped-up jeans. Thalia stormed back to the cabins before Luke could even respond. "Knock knock?" "Thalia?" Luke slipped out of Cabin Eleven, frowning slightly. "Look," she shoved her hands into her pockets. "I – I'm sorry for snapping at you earlier. I didn't mean to…" She hesitated. "It's all right," he said. "You've got every reason to be upset." "I'm not upset!" He pursed his lips, and she looked at her feet. "Yeah. Yeah, I guess I am. I just – I never liked her, we fought all the time, but I don't know it's just…it's weird." Thalia took a shaky breath. Luke stepped forward and pulled her into a hug. "I know, Thals." Seventeen. More training. Just before summertime, Andrew from Apollo got a quest and asked her if she was up