Hello and thank you for your interest in my story! This is my first major fic, after several one-shots I published when I was a little bit younger and a couple unsuccessful attempts at something of a larger caliber. It is set after the Battle of Hogwarts and is a reinvention of the mythical '8th year' that some characters were supposedly meant to complete. It majorly diverges from canon after that, and I also made some small alterations to previous events and character backgrounds which should become self-explanatory as the story develops. I also feel like I should note that this story will include mentions (not graphic descriptions) of rape and violence. I hope you enjoy this chapter - do review and let me know what you think! AMOUR DE SOI According to familiar accounts, Rousseau held that humans are actuated by two distinct kinds of self love: amour de soi, a benign concern for one's self-preservation and well-being; and amour-propre, a malign concern to stand above other people, delighting in their despite. [N. J. H. Dent and T. O'Hagan, "Rousseau on Amour-Propre" in: Proceedings of the Aristotelian Society, Supplementary Volumes , Vol. 72 (1998), pp. 57-73+75] Rousseau attributes to all creatures an instinctual drive towards self-preservation. Human beings therefore have such a drive, which he terms amour de soi (self love). Amour de soi directs us first to attend to our most basic biological needs for things like food, shelter and warmth. Since, for Rousseau, humans, like other creatures, are part of the design of a benevolent creator, they are individually well-equipped with the means to satisfy their natural needs. Alongside this basic drive for self-preservation, Rousseau posits another passion which he terms pitié (compassion). Pitié directs us to attend to and relieve the suffering of others (including animals) where we can do so without danger to our own self-preservation. [Jean Jacques Rousseau in the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy] Indeed, Rousseau's account of amour-de-soi– a pre-societal, more instinctual form of self-love – may be at work here. Humans may be interdependent without showing desire for esteem or approval ('non-relative' desires); such as the desire to help others because of the pain we imagine to 'feel' ourselves when seeing one of our own suffer. [Theodore Bass, "Freedom, Morality and Self-Love? Reinterpreting Rousseau's Amour-propre as Fundamental for the Virtuous Citizen", in: Reinvention: an International Journal of Undergraduate Research, Vol. 6, Issue 1] Monday, 4th January 1999 The Potions classroom in the dungeons looked brand new. Back in Snape's time it had always smelled of old damp clothes, a stench which Ginny gathered it had acquired through its vicinity with the Lake. Now, however, said stench was gone. The room was bright and clean like a St Mungo's operating theatre. Gone were the dusty jars, vials, flasks and other overall dodgy artefacts Snape had kept in his classroom, gone were the stacks of books piled up on shelves. The otherwise bare walls were now decorated with diagrams presenting the cultivation of plants and the correct treatment of various ingredients available to expert brewers, including, it seemed, pulverized narwhal tusks (which should be stored in opaque glass jars, airtight, preferably vacuumed, to avoid lumps) and fern flowers, which need be handled with extra care due to their rarity and fragility and used no later than a week after harvesting. At the back of the classroom there was a new board, covering almost the entire wall. "Good morning class. No need to sit down just yet, please wait at the back of the room - just form a row, if you may, and do so with as little noise as humanly possible. You may or may not have seen me at the Sorting Ceremony last week, my name is Adelaide Archambault and I am your new Potions teacher." Ginny moved her chair with a screech, assessing the new Professor quickly. She was a very tall black woman, rather large, with a neat turban on her head and a modest set of indigo-coloured robes. She had a sonorous voice with a slight French accent and the expression of someone who is not used to hearing the word "no". Her voice, although calm and composed, also had an authoritarian tinge that didn't sit very well with Ginny. "I believe I should let you know I am only here temporarily", Professor Archambault continued. "I have taken two years' leave from Beauxbatons to assist Professors McGonagall and Flitwick in running the school and preparing you lot for your NEWTS, which shall be at the start of July, and setting you off toward adult life. I want you to understand that you are at a very privileged position to be back at school for those six months, so use them well. Potions is a demanding subject, so I expect you to be diligent and dedicated, and, believe me, it will pay off in the future. "Now, the reason why I asked you to move to the back of the room is because we will be trying out a rather innovative set-up this year. Some of you will be condensing two years' worth of an education into two terms, so I need you to do your absolute best in class and outside of class. We are going to achieve this by splitting you into pairs. There should be six pairs, if I remember correctly, un, deux , quatre, six, yes, that's right. "You are from now on Potions partners. You will sit with your partner in class; you will consult your partner first when unsure about an ingredient or method before coming to me; you will aid your partner with homework, if need be; all in all, everything you do, you do with your partner. You help each other, you work together, you challenge each other, you test each other out. Ideally, one of you should be slightly more advanced, so if there is anything you can explain to your younger partner, you do it. I have no interest in your private animosities. You are supposed to be colleagues, not best friends. I shall now read out the names and you will take your cauldrons and your books to your designated desks, three pairs in each row. Have I made myself clear?" "Yes, Professor," twelve bored voices replied. "Good. The pairs are, as follows. Number one, Miss Brocklehurst, Ravenclaw, and Mr Nott, Slytherin. Take your stuff over to the desk on the left. Thank you. Next: Miss Bones, Hufflepuff, and Mr Milligan, Gryffindor. Number three, Miss Barros, Hufflepuff, and Mr Goldstein, Ravenclaw. In the back row: Miss Seeger, Ravenclaw, and Mr Bellamy, Gryffindor. Miss Parkinson, Slytherin, and Miss Weasley, Gryffindor." Oh Merlin, Ginny thought. Merlin, no, no, please, please don't say it. Pansy Parkinson threw her a sour smile as she dropped her cauldron on the desk. Please don't. Don't let it be true. Please, Merlin, I beg you. "Miss Lovegood, Ravenclaw, and Mr Malfoy, Slytherin." Fuck, Ginny thought. "Any questions, doubts, thoughts about this setup are to be discussed after this class. I am in my office until nine in the evening, you can come in at any time if you wish to complain. You will now open your textbooks on page six and start reading. If you do not finish the chapter in class, you are expected to read it in your own time and make notes. There will be a test on this next time round. Good luck." Ginny hid her face in her hands, casting a glance to the desk on the right. Malfoy had already opened his copy of Advanced Potion Making and he seemed to be skimming it disinterestedly, chin rested on the back of his hand. Ginny thought his calm very suspicious. To his right, Luna was currently leaning backwards to pull her hair up in a bun. She, apparently, didn't think him suspicious at all. "Miss Weasley, page six please." Ginny looked up and met Professor Archambault's unnervingly steady gaze. It was then that she decided she didn't like her. She cast another glance at Malfoy, who was turning a page in a menacingly slow move, and opened her book. Friday, 1st January The familiar ride in the Hogwarts Express had been especially uneasy. Ginny had expected relief, a warm sense of familiarity and homecoming, or at least some indescribable sort of comfort, but instead she was struck by how empty the train was, how dark, how hostile. She'd waited for Luna at the station, as had been agreed upon. Luna had actually insisted on coming, against Ginny's advice. At least we'll be in this together, Ginny had thought, looking out for her friend's characteristic dirty blonde mane and fluffy coat. I'll make it up to her, she'd thought, that horrifying year, I'll make sure she loves it and appreciates it. I owe her that. Her whole family was there with her – mum, dad, George and Ron, Hermione and Percy, even Harry, though she hadn't wanted him to. She could barely hold back tears when they were saying their goodbyes, and after entering the compartment she stopped trying and cried for a long time, until she grew tired with the effort. She thought of our goodbyes almost exactly a year before, long hugs, kisses, whispers; only that Harry, Hermione and Ron hadn't been there, they'd already gone, and Fred was there, Fred , he'd winked at her from behind Molly Weasley's back and insisted that Ginny continue the clandestine Wizard Wheezes trade among the oblivious first-years; and Molly had scolded him, as always, but good-naturedly, she was very proud, wasn't she, she was so proud of him and George… She knew Ron had got very involved in running the establishment with George. They were currently doing some important new developments and were staying together in London, in two tiny flats above the shop, one for George and whoever he happened to bring home and one for Ron and Hermione, with a neat little desk by the window and a balcony where Hermione had planted tomatoes and strawberries and where Ron would go to smoke his Lucky Strikes. Harry had a mattress in George's flat, in the kitchen or in the living room, depending on the day, where he stayed full time after several failures at being a responsible Auror-in-training who has their own flat and doesn't have to sleep in other people's kitchens. Ron promised he'd write, he whispered the promise in Ginny's ear, hugging her tightly, and she responded with the same. She felt that this was a commitment she could stick to without remorse, and because he was her brother, her own brother, their correspondence wouldn't increase the feeling of exclusion from their tight little trio that she'd always had and that had increased after her break-up with Harry. George, too, promised he'd write, and write often, although in all honesty Ginny suspected he wouldn't, and that would be okay; as long as he didn't reverse to the sleepless nights and fits of rage he'd had during his months at Shell Cottage, as long as he didn't scowl at everyone and scratch his arms absent-mindedly and lie in apathy for hours on end, Ginny would be happy. He was still very thin and had considerably less hair on his head than he used to, probably due to the fact that he wasn't eating, but his smile was warm and genuine, and the minute they let go Ginny knew that he would be the one she'd miss most. Ginny and Luna were alone in the compartment, and they were silent throughout the journey. Not that they didn't want to talk; it just didn't seem right. Ginny thought of how in a similar compartment, only a year earlier, they'd sat with Colin and Neville, snacking on Bertie Botts', playing cards, exchanging holiday memories, Colin flooding them with his pictures from the Isles of Scilly and Portugal. She thought of how excited he'd been to see Harry when he was eleven, and