hello here is a amazing and beautiful love story about Hermione and Draco its not mine but from LaFeeMechante i just wanne share it. Draco and Marcus Flint make a bet. Draco wants to be Captain of the Quidditch team and Marcus tells him to seduce Hermione if he really wants that spot so badly. Basically, the first chapter sort of outlines what you are to expect. But the story is never that simple or people wouldn't like it as much as they do :) so enjoy. Playing With A Dragon's Fire - Chapter 1 MUDBLOOD ONE… PUREBLOOD ZERO "So you want to be captain next year, eh?" Marcus Flint asked, running his tongue slowly along his grotesque teeth as he smirked across the Slytherin table at Draco. With an exasperated kind of sigh and a slight roll of his eyes, Draco stared right back at Flint. "Yes …" he began slowly, a hint of annoyance clear in his voice as he spoke. "Now do you have the memory span of a goldfish, or do I just repeat myself a certain amount of times before what I'm saying registers in that pea brain of yours?" To his surprise, Marcus chuckled. Shaking his head at Draco as he leaned forward so that their faces were closer. He gestured with a finger for Draco to come closer still, but Draco remained exactly where he was. For Flint had an awful case of halitosis, and he didn't intend on getting any closer that he had to. Marcus stared blankly across at Draco for a moment before he shrugged and began speaking, regardless of the fact Draco hadn't shifted so much as an inch closer. "You know I won't be on the team anymore next year, so your Daddy's bribes will mean all of sweet dick to me. This is something you're going to have to earn, Malfoy." Slowly, Draco arched an eyebrow. He would rather shave his head, then run stark naked through the hall with 'I love muggles' written across his pretty little arse than shag Flint, if that is what the smarmy git was getting at. "I'm not shagging you," he stated bluntly with a derisive snort. Flint paused and rolled his eyes. "Not me." That just made Draco arch his eyebrow more. "Then who?" Flint had obviously been waiting for Draco to ask. With a broad smirk, he sat back in his seat and folded his arms across his chest, nodding to someone at a different table. "Her." Draco raised his eyebrows slightly as he looked over his shoulder. "Who?" he asked as his gray eyes scanned the Gryffindor table that Flint had nodded to. Smirking even more, Flint nodded to the girl again. "Her, the one with the prefect badge." Following his gaze, Draco nearly choked as he whipped back around in his seat to face Flint. His face was contorted into an expression of disgust. " Granger ? Are you mad?" "You want that position?" Flint laughed, raising both of his eyebrows at Draco. "Then you'll have her in bed by the end of the month, and, have proof she actually shagged you." With a loud sigh, Draco scowled as he looked over his shoulder at Hermione once again. "She's Mudblood, " he said with distaste, clenching his jaw as he moved his eyes back to Flint, who was looking very pleased with himself. "That she may be, but she's also our ticket to becoming captain next year, Malfoy." The corners of Flint's mouth kept twitching as he spoke, almost as though he was fighting down a laugh. He reached over to clap Draco on the shoulder, wishing him luck before he pushed himself up and headed out of the hall chuckling. A few other members of the Quidditch team followed Flint out. Most of them, Draco noted, were snickering too. Draco sat in complete silence for a moment, not budging as he ran everything Flint had said over in his head… This wouldn't be easy … It was a bit of a challenge however, and a Malfoy was always up for a challenge. So he sat… and he waited. Occasionally glancing at Hermione over his shoulder. She was sat at the end of the Gryffindor table, writing of course. 'She's probably doing some bloody extra credit work…' Tick… tick… tick… The large Grandfather clock in the front hall was moving so slowly that Draco was almost certain it would be going backwards if it slowed down anymore. Sighing, he cast another look over his shoulder at Granger. What was she writing? A book? He wouldn't be surprised if she was… but really, did she have to do it now? On his time? Clenching his jaw, he rested his chin in his hand and drummed his fingertips on the tabletop as he waited. Another five minutes passed and Draco was starting to get really fed up. With a loud sigh, he looked back over his shoulder again and nearly gave a start. …She was gone. His jaw dropped slightly. Where - when - how? He turned his head to look over his other shoulder, just in time to see the back of her robes swish around the corner. Ah…so the chase began. His lips curved up into a half smirk and he pushed himself up, heading out of the hall after her. This was the best part… the chase. It was the challenge on his strength, his skill, and his determination. All of which he was certain were up to par. It was nearly eight o'clock now, and many of the candles in the hallway had been extinguished. Draco used the dim light to his advantage, keeping to the shadows as he strutted down the hall after her. As of now, he didn't have a clue as to where she was headed. She took two rights and one left before heading up a flight of stairs. Deciding it would be too risky to follow her up the staircase, he waited at the bottom until she turned the corner at the top. As soon as she was around that corner, he followed, and the chase continued. The pursuit lead him right to the library. He should have known. The library was somewhere he could honestly say he'd never been in all his years at Hogwarts. The large oak doors with the Hogwarts crest carved into them groaned in protest as he pushed them open, following her inside. The dusky smell of many old books hit him and he made a slight face, crunching up his nose as he glanced around for Granger. He spotted her soon enough, trailing her fingertips along the spines of books in the 'Potions' section of the library. Perking an eyebrow slightly, he slowly made his way over to the same section, but stood on the opposite side of the shelf. He could just see the top of her head as she walked along, and he walked with her, his eyes not on the books in front of his face. She had noticed him when he'd entered the library. Probably because she'd never seen him in there before. If she moved her eyes up, she could just barely see the top of his head. The tell-tale blond hair giving him away. Deciding to ignore him, she looked back at the books and continue walking along… and so did he. At the exact same pace that she was. She slowly arched an eyebrow. Was he following her? No… He wouldn't, why would he? Shaking her head slightly, she came to a halt in front of the book she thought she might need to complete her Potions essay. He stopped too. Widening her eyes slightly, Hermione decided to do a little test. Biting down on her lips, she slowly took a few baby steps to the left. He did too. She narrowed her eyes and stopped again, placing her hands on her hips. So did he. Biting the corner of her lip, Hermione glanced around the library to make sure there was no one around. There wasn't. Mdm. Pince was sat at her desk in the front, and besides her and her newfound stalker, the library was virtually empty. Slowly, she moved her eyes back in front of herself, noting that he hadn't budged. So, with a small smirk, she quickly reached up and gave the book in front of her face a shove. With a thud, it slammed into the book in front of it, knocking it right at Draco. He'd been tapping his foot, his jaw clenched. What the hell was the Mudblood doing? It seemed as though she'd been staring at the same bloody book forever. He was just about to roll his eyes in annoyance, but before he even had the time to so much as blink - WHACK How to Make Perfect Potions- Volume 6 smacked him in the forehead. Stumbling back a few steps, Draco slowly brought a hand up to gingerly touch his head where the book had hit it moments before. He stood in complete shook for a moment, unmoving, unblinking, but as what had just happened registered; he clenched his jaw again and bent to retrieve the book that had smacked him in the head. When he straightened back up, she was stood in front of him with her hands placed on her hips, and a small smirk playing on her lips. It took every ounce of his self-control not to hurl the book at her. His eyes narrowed to icy slits and his lip curled. "What the hell are you doing?" he snarled quietly, holding the book up. "What am I doing? What am I doing?" she replied, as though she hadn't quite heard him. "Yes, did I stutter? What the hell are you doing?" he hissed, his every syllable trembling with barely compressed rage. "I'm not doing anything besides wondering why the hell you're following me." Draco cut her off with a derisive snort. "Following you? What would I be following you for? I was simply looking for a book when I got one in the bloody forehead. What the hell is your problem, Granger? Don't they have medication for PMS, or are you just immune to it?" He waited for her to come back with something, but he didn't think she'd even heard him. In fact, she wasn't even looking at him. Her eyes were locked on the book he was holding. Raising his eyebrows, Draco gave the book a little shake. "I asked you a question. Do you have ADD, or are sporadic losses of hearing common for you?" Hermione moved her eyes to give him a look, holding out her hand. "You have the book I want." Draco stared at her blankly for a moment before he moved his eyes to the book in his hand, then to her, then back to the book, then to her once more. "This book?" he asked, holding it up again. Rolling her eyes, Hermione sighed exasperatedly. "Yes, that book - " Draco cut her off again with another contemptuous snort. "Oh you mean this book? The one that you chucked at my forehead-" Hermione clenched her jaw. "I didn't chuck anything at you Malfoy -" "Call it whatever you want. If you wanted this book so much you should have thought twice before you sent it flying into my face." Draco said with a shrug, flipping the book over in his hands to take a look at it. It was an older looking book, very thick. If he bruised … His thoughts were cut off however by Granger sighing loudly. "Malfoy, I need that book to finish the essay, come on…" Hermione held out her hand to him again, raising her eyebrows. Draco just laughed, looking at her hand before he looked back to her. "Perhaps you misunderstood, I have this book now, it's in my hands, it smacked me in my face, therefore, making it