House: Slytherin Category: Themed Prompts: Madam Hooch Word count: 4979 .oOo. Rolanda Adelaide Selwyn was certain that the 18th of February 1901 was the worst day of her mother's life. It was the day Rolanda was born, the failure of a daughter who hated being a pure-blood. Rolanda hated having to know even the most obscure of etiquette rules. She hated having to learn the name of every cousin, every aunt, every uncle, every grandparent. She hated having to wear a corset and satin gloves. She hated every aspect of pure-blood society, but that didn't mean she didn't try. She tried to sit still at the dinner table. It didn't help that the dining-room chairs were so uncomfortable. She tried to keep her robes in perfect condition. It didn't help that little girls were only allowed to wear white. She tried to be perfect. She never managed. It was the summer of 1912, and Rolanda sat in the drawing room with her cousins. She was due to start her first year at Hogwarts that year with her second cousin, Cantankerous Nott. Her sisters, Pandora and Cressida, were due to start their fifth and third years respectively while her cousin Rigel would start his seventh. The Travers twins, first cousins once removed, Yvonne and Ophelia, had already graduated earlier that year. Dione, the "baby" of the family, hadn't even received her letter yet. "I still can't believe you became Head Boy!" Yvonne cried. "I had a perfect record. Perfect, I tell you! And then, Violetta Bulstrode got Head Girl. It was so unfair! I mean, she was already a prefect!" Rigel smirked, smug as always. While he didn't boast outright about his position, he had been more insufferable than usual as of late, a distinct air of superiority about him. Ophelia sighed. "You're a Slytherin. No one gets any authority in that House without breaking the rules." "Honestly, 'Vonne. I got that lovely, shiny, 'P' badge this year, and I'm sure it's because I charmed the 1st floor toilets to explode when used," Pandora added. Though she would never admit to such misdeeds in polite company, between the four walls of the drawing room, the girl behaved like the teenager she was; giggling, bragging and scheming. Cressida pouted. "That sent Esmé to the Hospital Wing." Cantankerous laughed. "Poor Esmé. Is she better now?" he cooed. Cressida stuck out her tongue. Dione giggled. "She came at Yule, silly! Of course she's better! You're such a llama-poop head," the little girl said. As Cantankerous began to chase her round the room, feigning anger at her name-calling, the clock chimed 11 o'clock. Yvonne and Ophelia stood up simultaneously. "Time for us to go," Ophelia announced. Once the twins had left, long skirts trailing behind them, the conversation turned to more important matters: the Sorting Ceremony. "What house do you think I'll be in, Rigellus?" Cantankerous enquired. "Hufflepuff." The younger boy blanched. "Just kidding, little cous'," Rigel laughed. "Just refrain from calling me that absurd name at Hogwarts. Ever." "I want to be in Slytherin," Nott declared. "Me too!" Dione cried. "Just like Cressie!" "I'd like to go there too..." Rolanda said softly. "Don't mumble. It's unbecoming," Pandora reprimanded, her voice suddenly cold. Rolanda blushed as red as the Gryffindor Crest. The others kept talking, but she wasn't listening. Her sister was right. Selwyns didn't mumble. Two nights later, the annual August Selwyn Ball was held. The second Rolanda entered the room, her aunt Sacharissa came to greet her. "Hullo, darling!" "Good evening, aunt," Rolanda said politely. Sacharissa handed her niece a round box. "It's for you. Open it." Thanking her, Rolanda opened the box, revealing a number of small vials. She looked up at her aunt quizzically. "Beauty potions," the woman explained. "They'll do you good." Plastering a false smile on her face to hide her hurt feelings, the young girl excused herself. She knew she wasn't pretty. Her pale complexion made her look sickly. Her thin, mousy brown hair didn't do her any favours. Her figure left much to be desired. However, she didn't need reminding. Cressida and Pandora were never given cosmetic potions. They were already perfect. Rolanda, on the other hand, "needed all the help she could get", as her mother had so tactfully put it. In the end, it was just another thing that separated her from her pureblood-princess sisters. .oOo. The next day, Rolanda boarded the Hogwarts Express. Her cousins chatted idly, but she didn't hear a word of what they were saying. She was so nervous she almost forgot her trunk. The train ride didn't ease her nerves, and she was trembling so much she almost fell in the Great Lake as she boarded one of the small rowboats. However, the nausea Rolanda felt when she entered the Great Hall was unlike anything she had ever felt before. The Sorting Hat burst into song, but the girl didn't remember any of it. Then, the first student was called. "Abbott, Hestia!" A rosy-cheeked girl with a blonde plait stumbled out of the crowd, put on the hat, which covered her eyes, and sat down. After a moment's pause - "HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted the hat. Names were called, one after the after. "Fawley, Catheryne!" was sorted into Hufflepuff. "Gaunt, Morfin!" was sorted into Slytherin. He looked severely deranged. That's what inbreeding does, folks , thought Rolanda. "Nott, Cantankerous!" was called, and the boy at her side made his way to the stool. The hat had barely touched his head when it shouted, "SLYTHERIN!" "Pullman, Adolphus!" followed her cousin to Salazar's House, "Quartz, Anastasia!" went to Hufflepuff, "Rawckle, Sharon!" went to Gryffindor, and then "Selwyn, Rolanda" was called. Trying to walk as straight as possible without throwing up, Rolanda stepped forward. The last thing she saw before the hat was placed on her head was Rigel, Pandora, Cressida and Cantankerous looking up at her. She was somewhat the black sheep of the family, after all. Not as pretty as the others. Not as strong as the others. Not as smart as the others. Not as good as the others. They were waiting to see if she was one of them, after all. Rolanda waited with them. Then, she heard a small voice in her ear. "Where should I put you?" She gripped the edge of the stool and thought, "Slytherin, Slytherin, Slytherin. Please." "Slytherin, eh? With all the ambitious, selfish, cunning people? Those who aren't afraid of using others if it benefits them?" "Yes, please." "But do you want to be a Slytherin, or do you want to be a Selwyn?" "A Selwyn." "Is your name not Rolanda Adelaide Selwyn?" "Yes." "Then you are already a Selwyn, silly child. Let's find out where you really belong, now. You don't have a bad mind, however, academics aren't your forté, are they? They bore you beyond belief. No, Ravenclaw would not be suited to you." Her heart sank. Ravenclaw would've been acceptable. It was Slytherin's sister house, after all. However, the hat was not finished, far from it. "You do not seek individual glory. You seek to prove yourself, but there are more ways than one to do that. I fear that in Gryffindor, you would find your Housemates to be reckless, idiotic, glory-seekers. It is not the place for you. You work better in teams. I must admit, I think you would do well in Hufflepuff. Kind, loyal and hardworking. Those are all qualities that you value immensely." "Slytherin. Please." It was all she could think, a desperate last attempt to save herself. She wanted to cry. Not Hufflepuff. "Very well, then." She breathed a sigh of relief, but the hat still wasn't finished. "Very well," it repeated. "I don't like putting students in Houses they dislike, but I have no choice. Slytherins never plead, dear." Before she could form another coherent thought, the hat had been pulled from her head, and a single word was ringing through the Great Hall. Hufflepuff. She was going to be sick. She really was. But she still got up. She walked to the table on the far right, and didn't let her legs tremble. She held her chin high. Her father had always taught her not to show her vulnerability. But would her father still be able to look her in the eyes? Cressida and Pandora certainly didn't seem to be able to. They refused to meet her gaze. As Rolanda sat down, she wondered if she would actually be disowned. She mentally chastised herself. Don't be absurd, she thought. People don't disown their children for their school houses. You're different, that's all. You've always been the black sheep of the family . She laughed bitterly to herself. Black and yellow sheep now. She wanted to talk to her new Housemates, but she didn't. She knew the pranks her siblings and cousins had played on them–pranks that were much closer to bullying than they admitted. She recognised a fifth year, Jessica Brighton, a few seats down. She had a scar on her neck from Pandora- Rolanda remembered her sister bragging about it. That night, Rolanda cried herself to sleep. The next day, she skipped breakfast, avoiding her mother's owl, surely carrying a letter filled with thinly veiled disappointment. She sat alone at the back of the classroom. Her cousins didn't approach her, and she knew better than to attempt contact. She skipped lunch as well, preferring to study in the library, determined to prove herself through good grades. In the evening, she ate in the kitchens, again alone. Each day got a little easier though. She settled into a routine: she skipped meals, she studied, she was ignored by her family. Then she cried herself to sleep. Her grades were good, but others' were better. The Abbott and Fawley girls', for example. They were purebloods, but they had a history in Hufflepuff, so it was fine– they were still perfect. One day, Hestia Abbott approached her. "How do you do?" she enquired. "How do you do?" Rolanda replied, following pureblood etiquette. They conversed for a few moments before Hestia led Rolanda to the Fawley girl's side. "Rolanda, I'd like to introduce you to Catheryne Fawley. Catheryne, this is Rolanda Selwyn," she said politely. Catheryne nodded. After a few moments, she said, "You'll excuse me, I'm sure," before returning to her embroidery. Hestia then began to talk about fashion and other mundane topics. The Selwyn girl was bored by the conversation; she had had so many identical ones in her lifetime. She made some more idle small talk with the blonde Abbott, thinking about how rude Catheryne was being, not even bothering to do the same, before excusing herself as well, and promising to have dinner with them that evening. Hestia had insisted, after all. That evening, Rolanda entered the Great Hall for the first time since her Sorting. She had no desire to be surrounded by disapproving family members, and she had even less of a desire to eat with Catheryne and Hestia. But she did. She was hardly in her family's good graces after becoming a Hufflepuff, but hanging out with the "right sort of people" would definitely help her image. Rolanda stayed at school over the Christmas holidays, to "study". In reality, she only wanted to avoid the disappointed stares and tight-lipped smiles. She knew she couldn't do it forever, but she planned on putting it off as long as possible. Instead, she studied and worked to keep her mind off it, but she finished nineteenth in her year. Out of forty. It was hardly brilliant. In the end, the summer of 1913 came and went. The disappointment came as well, but it never left. Her sisters talked to her at home, but made it clear to keep her distance in public. Rolanda's second year passed much the same as her first, though she learned to cast a silencing charm. No one needed to know she still cried herself to sleep. She grew close