Excerpt from The Tales of Beedle the Bard : The path his feet walked was aged cobble, and the path his spirit walked was new stone that curved towards a castle that grew with every good deed the man did. He was a young man, but kind and gentle and so very unprepared for the world that he was to enter, and thus one day the young man came upon another, more powerful but arrogant with a spirit walking through a graveyard of the souls he had forced Death to take before their time. The older, more powerful wizard slew the young man and before he was aware of the events that passed, the young man found his spirit face to face with Death. And Death spoke to him, angered voice telling the young man that it was not his time. The young man replied, and soon found himself reborn into the form of his younger body, mind fully intact as his fists clutched at open air, parents cooing above him. For all that he was not a young man for a great deal longer, the young man grew wiser with each day and soon found himself walking towards the ever-growing castle, his rival through a growing graveyard. They met once more, in a forest that towered above their heads and held many secrets. Wise beyond his years, the young man turned to him and spoke of what he knew, explaining how Death despised those who took lives that did not belong to them. The other wizard considered, and just as he raised his wand to slay the young man, a shimmering vale appeared between them, for the young man spoke the truth, and Death was displeased. He spoke to Death once more that night, and just as Death turned to go, the figure smiled back at the young man, and told him, "You are kind and you are wise, and there is no greater type of man in the world." In 1995 in a small graveyard in a proportionately small town called Little Hangleton, a young spirit rose from his body. Pale features were turned silver with the shimmer of the dead, once golden-brown hair flickering in the pale light of the graveyard. Nothing more than a spirit, he watched in horror as the scene played out before him, unable to aid his living ally. His name was Cedric Diggory, all of seventeen years old and already felled by the wand of a wizard more powerful than he. His ally, still drawing air to his lungs, was younger-yet Harry Potter, fourteen years beneath his belt and already more daring than many a wizard older than he. Death materialised at the edge of the graveyard, cloak floating behind while the amortal settled next to Cedric, turning to gaze at the young ghost with soul-searching eyes. Panicked, Cedric looked back and though he didn't pale, his expression did shift. "Can you help him?" He inquired to Death. Death's head tilted back, and the figure regarded the young wizard for a great time before replying. "Have you read The Tales of Beedle the Bard ?" The tone was strange, voice covered with an accent of a bygone era, but every word was enunciated with such careful thought, and every word seemed filled with hidden meaning. "I- yes. My mother read them to me as a child." Time around them seemed to slow to a crawl, the spell hurtling from Harry Potter's wand inching through the air while the Dark Lord's wand slowly rose backwards in the preparation for casting another spell. "And you know 'The Day Death Created Life'?" Cedric nodded. "Then perhaps," Death continued, soft feet padding around the shifting spirit, long cloaks trailing behind him like a dark incarnation of a wedding trail, "do you know what I am going to ask you?" The once-living wizard took in a sharp breath of air, head snapping to look at Death as the figure shifted around the young spirit. Humming softly, Death continued, "There once was a young wizard known amongst his people for being kind and righteous. There once was an aged wizard known across the land for being merciless and cruel. And when these two wizards did meet, the younger was slain at the wand of the elder, forced to depart this life before his time. But I spoke with the young wizard, and after much deliberation chose to offer him a second chance at life, so that the young wizard might someday become a wise and good man, who sought to keep his people safe." The hooded figure clucked, ending the circling to stand before Cedric, and the figure breathed, "Now how might you fit into all of this?" When the young man didn't answer, rather flickering his gaze away to watch red light crawl across the graveyard, Death continued. "I'd like to offer you another chance, Cedric. This place," an expansive hand gestured referenced the scene before them, "is not where your life will end." The duel somehow forgotten before them, green and red inching towards one another, Cedric tipped his head at Death. "Not that I'm protesting, Sir, but why me?" Death's head tipped back so that the cloak no longer shadowed the dark features beneath. The amortal had skin the colour of cocoa, dark eyes and black hair cut very short. "Why not you?" When Cedric didn't immediately answer, Death sent the lad an indulgent smile. "You are kind, and loyal, and good. What more do I need?" Cedric shifted awkwardly, and Death continued in the same dry voice. "I do not wish death upon those who are good. Should the young Mr. Potter die before his time, I will offer him the same option as I offer you." An expansive gesture returned the slowed duel to mind, brilliant colours clashing together and a force field - pale blue - sprung from the impact point. Cedric flicked his gaze to it. "It's time. Follow me." On September 23, 1977, Verbana and Amos Diggory found themselves the proud new guardians of a little Cedric Diggory, who had whispy gold hair and the blue eyes that all babies had for a time. At first they were concerned; Cedric never cried, rather gazed curiously at everything around him. Nothing ever seemed to surprise him, not even the family Kneazle, Ceridwen, when she snuck into his room and proceeded to curl up in his crib and nibble his fingers. The healer, however, assured them that they had nothing to worry about. Cedric was a perfectly healthy young boy, simply a very calm one. By the time Cedric was three months old, his parents weren't so concerned. He was developing as expected for a child of his age. At seven and a half months, Cedric took his first steps and walked confidently at nine months. By twelve months, he had a limited vocabulary, but one that was very large for babies of his age. For the Diggory family, it quickly became clear that Cedric was a gifted young boy. At five, Cedric insisted that he was going to attend a muggle primary school, to which his mother replied, "Cedric, but what about magic? We can't have you telling anyone about that." Cedric said, very firmly, "I won't tell anyone, Mum." In the end he went, attending primary school in Ottery St. Catchpole, beginning Year 1 and completing six years of muggle schooling before receiving a Hogwarts letter keyed to his name. His wand, just over twelve inches of ash with a single hair from a unicorn, became something he kept holstered on his wrist at all times rather than tucked into his robes or bookbag like his parents did. They bought his books and robes and potions ingredients, and sent him off to Hogwarts with a tiny Saw Whet owl affectionately named Eirian. "Diggory, Cedric," Professor McGonagall announced in her clear, powerful voice. The first year, who was tall for his age and had a fluffy head of golden-brown hair, shifted through the crowd of the other children in his year. He carried himself forwards with careful steps, giving the professor holding the Sorting Hat a shy smile before sitting on the rickety wooden stool. The Hat dropped down over his eyes, and abruptly Cedric's world was encased in darkness. Having the Sorting Hat enter his mind was a peculiar sensation, something like cold honey dripping down his spine and a presence nestling itself in his mind. " Well Mr. Diggory, it's not often I meet someone I have already sorted, though I don't deny it's happened before. You're not quite the same little boy I sorted, but I do believe you would make an excellent Hufflepuff!" McGonagall grabbed the hat, and Cedric slipped off the stool as his house applauded him cheerfully. Careful steps guided him to the table, where he sat down next to a smiling Second Year he recognized as Avis Lowell, who greeted him warmly and introduced herself. He was ahead in his classes significantly, and the teachers could tell as much. They gave him points when he was the first to finish a new spell, and promptly gave him the remainder of the period to work on more complex spells, all while insisting that he read up on the theory. The only class he was unable to get ahead in was potions, where he was forced to brew exactly what Professor Snape stated exactly when Professor Snape stated. Nonetheless, he gained the respect of the cold teacher by consistently brewing his potions at a high level. The year continued, and over a dozen times through it did he feel someone brushing at his mental shields. Cedric went home for the summer, Eirian perched on his shoulder and preening through his hair with her sharp little beak has he was wrapped in a hug by his mother and father. They spent the summer at Ottery St. Catchpole, and most days Cedric went out to spend time with the Weasleys, whose son Percy was a year older than Cedric, and had twins in the same year as Cedric. The twins were Gryffindors, and quickly become the notorious pranksters he remembered from his previous life. It wasn't perfect, but it was what he did and that was alright. His end of term marks came in three weeks after school finished, and he received O's in every subject, and was top of his year. Delighted, his parents each took a few days off and they went to East Devon Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. It was not something that had happened the first time around, and Cedric found himself enjoying the easy relationship he had with his parents in comparison to the mounds of expectations that he had before returning. It was only a weekend, but it was amazing. Second Year began much the same. That year, Hufflepuff gained fifteen students and Cedric happily greeted them at the table, offering to help them with their work while his two friends, Ashley O'Leary and Kristeen Summers, grinned back and forth, occasionally nudging Cedric with some piece of information about the new defence teacher. As the previous year had been, it was uneventful. The entire Year got updates on their magical vaccinations with Madame Pomfrey and Professor Sprout offered him a place on the house Quidditch team when he received a broom for his birthday. He had excelled at flying lessons the previous year, of course, but with a broom at his disposal he became the reserve seeker for Hufflepuff, with their starter being a seventh year named Jonathan Marks. The broom was a Nimbus, a model a few years old that was top of the market when first released. It was nonetheless an excellent broom, and Cedric found himself delighted by it. He played in their final game against Slytherin while Jonathan was beginning his exam preparation. The other boy was not a brilliant student, and rather a hard worker who