Author's Notes: As long as I've been a fan of both the books and the movies, I'm kinda surprised I haven't taken the time to write a Lord of the Rings fic before now. Maybe I was just lazy, or maybe the scope of the stories just seemed too huge for me to effectively break into without making a complete fool of myself. I tend to be more critical of my work than other people are, after all. Whatever the reason, though, I want to rectify it. Thus was born this story. This fic is pre-trilogy, so Bilbo is still in the Shire, Frodo has yet to officially come of age, he thinks Bilbo's ring is just a fancy trinket, etc. I haven't decided how long before the trilogy, but that's not relevant, so I won't stress on it. It's not terribly long before the trilogy; I'll just leave it at that. I don't want to classify this as a "movie-" or "book-related" fanfic. I'll try to keep it neutral in terms of character portrayal, timeline, etc. However, if something seems biased toward the movie canon, I don't want to hear book-purists whining about it. I swear, the people who nitpick at the movies just because they don't follow the books to the letter really need to get a life. They're just detracting from their own (and other people's) enjoyment of it. And yes, I'm a huge fan of the books (I've read them at least three times), so don't tell me I don't appreciate the masterpiece that they are. You'd just be fooling yourself. Anyway, personal opinions aside, The Lord of the Rings and all characters therein are copyright J.R.R. Tolkien and his estate. I'm only hoping to pay a bit of homage to one of the greatest stories of our time with this humble little endeavor of mine. The Thirtieth of September By Annie-chan "Hullo, Mister Frodo!" Frodo froze, momentarily frightened, before he realized that it was just old Tom Cotton passing by in his pony-driven cart. The cart was piled high with sacks, and some baskets of apples and pears were balanced precariously on top. The sacks, it was easy to deduce, were likely stuffed with freshly-harvested vegetables. The harvesting season was just getting started, and Cotton was taking the first yields of his crops to the market in Hobbiton to sell. Frodo gave a half-smile and a wave, indicating that he had heard, but the old farmer was already past the younger Hobbit, and didn't see his acknowledgement. He just drove on, whistling absently to himself, contemplating the rest of the harvest that had yet to come. The young Baggins watched Farmer Cotton go, though his mind wasn't entirely registering what his eyes were seeing. His thoughts were elsewhere, as they had been for the entire day now. He stood up from his seat on a small grass-covered knoll by the roadside, brushing stray dust and blades of grass from his pant legs as he did so. He ought to move. That was the third interruption since he had chosen this spot to sit, and he wasn't in the mood to talk to anybody. Absently, he wondered why in the world he had chosen to sit by the road if he didn't want to talk to anybody, but barely gave the question any thought. I may as well go home , he said to himself, turning in the direction of the Hill. The walk home was short, as he hadn't come far from Bag End, but he took it slow, his hands in his pockets, watching the wind play with the grass below him and the trees above him. Walking aimlessly and observing nature's many beauties was one of his most beloved pastimes, something he had apparently picked up from his Uncle Bilbo. It was enough to ease his current mood, and he found himself smiling softly in spite of himself. Eventually, however, he reached the old house that he called home, and his smile faded. Part of him urged him to stay outside, to go back to the small spray of woods that he often spent many long hours daydreaming in, but he shook his head minutely to himself and went inside. Today was different than any other day, and he knew that staying in his favorite spot ultimately wouldn't release him from the melancholy that had settled over him. He didn't want to feel let down by his old "friend", so he chose to leave it behind for the time being and take refuge in Bag End. I don't know why I still feel this way , he wondered silently, going into his bedroom and plunking down on the bed. After so many years, I should be over it. I should have moved on in my life. I shouldn't keep dwelling on it like this. No matter how much Frodo told himself he should be over it, he knew he wasn't entirely. As happy and as carefree—if a little on the thoughtful side—that he was on the other three hundred and sixty-four days of the year, this one day always threw a blanket of inescapable sadness over him. Years had passed, and he had moved on, for the most part, but this one day…this one day was different. Uncle Bilbo says I have spirit , he smiled wryly to himself. What would he say if he knew I still felt as if the world had ended every year on this day…? It was the thirtieth day of September, eight days after his birthday, and the anniversary of the worst day of his life. That day so long ago, barely over a week since he had turned twelve years old. The day that had broken his young, naïve, and foolish heart. The day his parents had died… He didn't know how long he had been staring at the ceiling. He didn't even know what time it was, to be honest. It was dark outside the little round window above his bed, and if he had cared to look, he would have seen stars twinkling in the clear sky. He hardly cared about the stars at the moment, the dark, featureless ceiling taking up most of his attention. Tear tracks stained the child's face, his startlingly blue eyes wide with shock and despair. He felt like he was floating in nothingness, suspended in a dark void. His whole world had ended that day in the space of one moment. Earlier that day, he had been playing a game with his friends in the fields, a combination of hide-and-seek and tag. He had been the first one to be "it", but he had snuck up on and tagged Camellia Boffin as she hid in the hollow of a tree, passing the "honor" on to her. He had lost himself in the excitement of the game, laughing and squealing with the rest of the children. He had nearly shrieked in startlement when a voice had suddenly said his name behind him as he took refuge under a farm cart. He had looked back to see a grownup's feet standing next to the cart, and he had crawled out of his hiding place, mildly surprised to see that it was his cousin, Merimac Brandybuck. One look in his cousin's eyes was enough to put a nervous roil in his stomach. The Brandybucks were a festive and merriment-loving clan, like most Hobbits of the Shire, and the bleak look in his eyes was enough to tell Frodo that something very, very bad had happened. Merimac had led him home with hardly a word, ignoring the child's anxious questions as to what was wrong. When they had walked through the door, Frodo had expected to see his parents, but instead there was Merimac's older brother, Saradoc, and Saradoc's wife, Esmeralda. Seeing his other cousin and his wife just made the simmering nervousness in Frodo's stomach erupt into a full boil. They, too, had that despairing look in their eyes, and Esmeralda looked like she had been crying. When they told him, with as much gentleness as they could manage, that both his parents had died, it was like someone had kicked him in the gut. He had merely stood there for a few seconds, staring up at his three relatives, his mind unable to comprehend what it had just heard. And then, it was like the entire world collapsed around him as the shock of it all finally hit him. He had lost his balance, falling hard on his backside, tears raining down from his wide eyes. A miserable wail had welled up in his throat, escaping as a strangled sob. He finally lost it when Esmeralda knelt down beside him and pulled the twelve-year-old into her lap, letting him cry into her white, flower-dotted apron. Now, hours later, he was lying in bed, supposed to be asleep, but very much awake. He had lost track of time, and for all he knew, he could have been staring at the ceiling for hours or even days. He had no way of telling in his current state. His door was slightly open to let some light in, and down the short hall that led to the living room, he could hear the voices of Merimac, Saradoc, and Esmeralda quietly talking. He couldn't hear everything they said, but he would catch sentences here and there. "The poor boy. I had never seen anyone so heartbroken." "Do you think we should check on him to see if he's all right?" "It will have to be decided where he'll live from now on." "His mother was a Brandybuck. I'm sure Father would gladly let him stay at Brandy Hall with us." "Foolish of them, to go out on the Brandywine after so many days of rain. I haven't seen the river so high and swift in a long time. They were practically asking for it." "Shh! Do you want the boy to hear you?!" "He's probably asleep anyway." "How will this affect the public? Drogo and Primula were so well-loved in the community." Frodo buried his head under his pillow, unwilling to listen to any more. His mother and father had drowned in the Brandywine River that afternoon. The two of them had gone out to cross the wide river on a boat to visit his mother's family in Bucklebury, but had never reached the other shore. Several Hobbits on the far side had reported seeing a boat suddenly overturn as it struggled to cross the rushing water, and a few hours later the husband and wife were found washed ashore several miles downstream near the Sarn Ford, broken fragments of the boat scattered throughout the area. The discovery had sent an uproar through Buckland, and it was only a matter of time before it spread throughout the rest of the Shire. The boy started to cry again as he fervently asked for the thousandth time why they hadn't crossed on the Brandywine Bridge, or gone south to the Sarn Ford. Why did they risk rowing across when the river had been swelled so by a week and a half of rain? Frodo knew even at his young age that any sensible Hobbit wouldn't take such a gamble. Then again, his father had a reputation for being reckless, apparently following the Baggins standard set down so many years ago by Frodo's uncle. That recklessness had finally caught up with him, it seemed, claiming the lives of both him and his only slightly more sensible wife. Eventually, Frodo found crying while his head was under a pillow to be near suffocating, and he threw the pillow off and to the floor. A sudden surge of anger welled up at his parents' stupidity, and he felt an almost irresistible urge to strike something. The feeling faded as quickly as it appeared, however, leaving the poor boy confused and scared by its emergence. Confused, because of how quickly