This was written for ChocolateWonder / AJ for July in Monthly One-Shot Exchange . Note : For the purposes of this fanfiction story, I have messed up the timelines – aging some characters down and aging some others up. While I have largely stuck with people from the Marauders Era, I have added people from the Riddle Era and the Trio Era. For example, James and Sirius are two years older than Lily, and Minerva is twenty-two, only five years older than Lily. The title came from "The Way You Make Me Feel" by Michael Jackson from his 1987 album Bad . Fandom: Harry Potter Pairings: James Potter/Lily Evans; Remus Lupin/Sirius Black; Warnings: alternate universe; het; slash; pure-blood culture; pure-blood society; not Walburga Black friendly; not Bellatrix Black friendly; people are out of character; and original characters Prompts: (AU) Royalty; (AU) Four Schools; (Pairing) James/Lily; (Genre) Friendship; (Genre) Romance; (Color) Periwinkle; (Emotion) Greed; (Dialogue) "Shut up and kiss me."; and (Song) "The Way You Make Me Feel" by Michael Jackson Summary: While she was thinking about her future, Lily found herself falling in love with James Prongs over the Winter Holidays. The better she got to know him, the more Lily could tell James was hiding something. Nothing prepared her for the truth: his last name was Potter, not Prongs. James/Lily. Just kiss me baby And tell me twice That you're the one for me –"The Way You Make Me Feel" by Michael Jackson from Bad Love Me, Forevermore Lily Evans gracefully tucked one foot under the other as she listened to the headmistress yammer on and on about something or another, related the Silver Ball. Honestly, she didn't care. While Lily was a model student and she stood out amongst her classmates at Ravenclaw Academy of Fine Witches, she knew there wasn't much of a future for her beyond graduation – which was only a few months away. When she began her education, Lily was full of naïve hope and excitement about the future. Despite her blood status, Lily was selected to attend the prestigious Ravenclaw Academy. The academy was considered the top magical school for witches in the United Kingdom. The student body was largely constructed of pure-blood witches and legacy families. The school was known to accept between three and ten muggle-born witches a year. At the age of eleven, Lily thought the opportunity would open doors for her and her future. As the first witch in her family, Lily was excited to start a new adventure, learn new things, and meet new people. She was off to one of the finest magical schools in the country! Lily had dreams of meeting a handsome wizard, and falling in love. She hoped that handsome wizard would be wealthy, and she could bring her family with her when they married. Her father would no longer be forced to work endless days while her mother found work as a part-time seamstress. At the age of eleven, Lily didn't understand how cruel the world was and how heartless some people could be. Even at the age of seventeen, Lily knew she had a lot to learn. There was a lot she hadn't seen or experienced. "And as such, I expect you girls to behave yourselves and set an excellent example of what a Ravenclaw girl is and can be," Headmistress Walburga Black said, her cold eyes trailing over each and every one of her assembled students. Those eyes fell on Lily, and a sneer forced on her lips, as the woman continued, "Now, most of you should use this as a trail run before the Season begins. This will be a good chance to mingle and socialize with your fellow wizards, and for some of you , this will be your only chance to gaze upon the Elite ." Lily forced herself to take a breath, knowing that last jab was directed towards her. In addition, she fought to keep her facial expression neutral, not daring to betray any emotion. She was the only muggle-born seventh year left. Therefore, she would be the only out "socializing" with the Elite. For some reason, Headmistress Black took an extra special personal interest in Lily – had since her first day, even more so than any of the other muggle-born witches. The woman assigned Lily difficult tasks and berated her for the slightly mistake – while the other students would giggle at her misfortune. It was like the woman was trying to intimidate Lily and force her into dropping out – like the woman had with the other muggle-born girls. Most of those girls attend Hufflepuff School of Young Witches. From what Lily understood, Headmistress Black wanted Ravenclaw Academy to be the female counterpart of Slytherin Institution – a magical school that solely focused on pure-blood and legacy witches from important families, the very ones she called "Elite." The woman continued to ramble on about the prestigious school and its precious reputation. Lily tuned the woman out. She knew plenty about the renowned Silver Ball. It was hosted by the Duke and Duchess of Pottermore every four years, and this year was extra special because it was the debate of their eligible son. In fact, Heir Potter was the most eligible bachelor of the Season. "Young ladies," Headmistress Black announced, "you're free to return to class." Almost as one, the young women rose from their seats before falling into a neat and orderly line as they exited the Great Hall. At this time of day, most of the students had club activities or extra classes. Personally, Lily had extra classes – French, Enchanting, and Math. A majority of Lily's classmates were scheduled to enter the upcoming debutant season, where they try to find a betrothal and marriage prospects, while Lily was headed to London without any marriage offers or interest. In addition, Lily had no clue what to do with her future. As a muggle-born with no connections and no money, her options were limited. With these aspects, Lily focused her extra time and energy on her academics to help prepare her for her future. She wanted some kind of trade and skills to use upon her graduation. "Good afternoon, Miss Evans," greeted Apolline Delacour, the Charms professor, in her native language. Outside of the Charms lessons, she offered extra classes in French and Music. The professor was a gorgeous woman with pale skin, long silver-blonde hair, and dark blue eyes. She was a half-Veela. Professor Delacour was her favorite professor – and it helped that Charms was one of her best subjects. She was one of the youngest professors, and she was passionate about her subjects and her students. Despite marrying a Lord, Professor Delacour chose to take a job teaching instead of playing the role of the dutiful wife or get a job at a Ministry, like most women in her position would chose to do. While they waited for the rest of the class to show up, Lily and Professor Delacour chatted about the snowy weather and their plans for the upcoming holidays. Professor Delacour was headed home to France with her husband while Lily was staying with her friend and mentors, Minerva McGonagall, in London. Five minutes after class was scheduled to start, Professor Delacour frowned. Out of her six students, only one was present. "Where are the other girls?" she asked. "I'm not sure," Lily answered. "Headmistress Black assembled us to announce the upcoming Silver Ball." Professor Delacour frowned, shaking her head. The Silver Ball wasn't until March, almost four months away. There was no need to start getting ready today . "Well, what do you want to focus on today?" she asked her only student. Lily shrugged. Rolling her eyes, Professor Delacour pulled out some papers. "What kind of dress are you planning to wear?" she asked, picking up a quill. "To what?" Lily asked, tilting her head. "I don't understand what you mean." "To the Silver Ball, what else?" the older woman asked, twirling the quill in her hand. "I don't know," she answered, shaking her head. "I haven't thought about it, yet. I learned I would attend less than an hour ago." Professor Delacour raised an eyebrow. "So, you have no ideas?" she asked. Shrugging, Lily replied, "I don't even know if I want to attend." Professor Delacour's dark blue eyes widened and she flung her quill at Lily. "Don't say anything like that!" she ordered. "You will attend, and you will have a good time." Lily stared at her professor in shock – both from being hit with the quill and her professor's words. "Why does it matter if I attend?" Lily asked. She was planning to go. This was a once in a lifetime opportunity, and she would be crazy to skip it. There was a good chance that Lily could meet someone that could provide her with career opportunities. Scowling, Professor Delacour answered, "It's an amazing opportunity. You might meet somoene and fall in love." Lily snorted. "I would be more likely to meet someone over the holidays," she said with a laugh. "That's the spirit," Professor Delacour told her. "Believe in love, and love will always find a way. Now, even if you meet someone over the holidays, you should still attend the Silver Ball. Now, let's discuss your dress." There remaining time in class was spent with Lily watching and listening as Professor Delacour sketched out a few dress designs. When class was over, the professor promised she would finish some of the sketches before handing them over to Lily. Like in French class, Lily was the only student in both of her Enchanting and Math classes. The professors assigned Lily some work before dismissing the classes early for the day. ... The following week and a half went by quickly. Most of the girls spent the time planning and obsessing over their dresses for the upcoming Silver Ball. Lily spent most of her time focused on classes and her grades. Both were far more important than a dress for a ball that was four months away. In between classes and homework, she would go over possible dress designs with Professor Delacour. As the third week in December began, Lily sat off to join her friend and mentor Minerva in London. Lily caught a train to King's Cross, where she found her friend waiting on the platform. Minerva was in her early twenties with dark hair and glasses. She was studying to earn her Mastery in Transfigurations. The reason Lily was visiting Minerva instead of her own family was simple. Her parents were deceased, and her older sister wanted nothing to do with her. While they attended Ravenclaw together, Minerva had taken Lily under her wing, and they remained close. "Lily!" Minerva smiled as Lily joined her on the platform. The pair embraced before separating in order to collect Lily's luggage – a pair of suitcases and a bag. Despite being seventeen, it was illegal for Lily to use magic outside of school until she graduated. This was one of the privileges of being a muggle-born student. "Is this everything?" Minerva asked. Lily nodded. "I know how to pack light." It was unusual for a Ravenclaw girl to have such few luggage. Most of Lily's classmates took ten suitcases with them on their winter holiday vacations. With ease, they collected Lily's belongings and headed out of the station. Outside, Minerva made quick word in flagging down a cab. Minerva was a half-blood, and after graduating, she returned to living in the muggle world. According to her, the standards of living were cheaper. Due to the London traffic, it took a good thirty minutes to reach Minerva's house. It was a brick, three-story townhouse with a small porch and a front yard covered in snow. While Minerva navigated the walk from cab to the front of her house with little difficulty, Lily was another story. She wasn't use to walking around in