This was written for The Crownless Queen in honor of June's Monthly One-Shot Exchange. Fandom: Harry Potter Pairings: James Potter/Lily Evans/Sirius Black; Narcissa Black/Marlene McKinnon; Warnings: alternate universe; threesome (two males and one female); slash; het; femslash; soulmates; soulmate revealing marks; off-screen torture and abuse (Induction) Prompts: (Pairing) James/Lily/Sirius; (Character) Regulus Black; (Genre) Angst; (AU) Soulmates; and (Word) Angel Summary: Growing up in the Black family, there weren't any tales about soulmates and love. In fact, there was no mention of the subject. When he was ten, Sirius Black witnessed his cousin undergo her Induction. Teaming up, they decided to end the Black family with them. Nevermore Normally, childhoods were filled with joy and laughter and hope about their soulmates. Most children grew up with stories about soulmates in their family's history, maybe their parents or another relative. Stories about soulmates were precious, and it was concerned an honor to have soulmates in the family – unless it was the Black family. Growing up, there weren't any happy stories about soulmates and their undying love in their family. As fas as their mother was considered, soulmates were tied with blood traitors. Soulmates were a horrible thing. In fact, no one dared to breath a word about soulmates in her presence. If Walburga Black had her way, her sons would be trapped in marriages that supported the Dark Lord and elevated the Black family's standing among their peers and kept their bloodlines pure. It didn't matter that a union between soulmates brought further strong and health children, and many believed a union between soulmates was more important than blood purity. In the Black family, the very idea of soulmates was laughed and mocked. Blood purity was more important than anything – including a happy ending. Despite Walburga's best efforts, both of her sons were eager to find their soulmates – not that they told anyone of their plans and desires. It was necessary to keep it a secret. On his tenth birthday, Sirius Black awoke in intense pain in his stomach. He bit his lip to refrain from making any noise. The pain lasted for what seemed like hours, though it was probably only minutes maybe even in seconds. When the pain finally ended, Sirius laid motionless on his bed, staring up at the ceiling in the darkness. There was a lingering sense of fear that any movement would make the pain return. He couldn't risk it. Sirius remained still for minute or two before he grew bored. Deciding to start small, he wiggle his toes then his toes and his fingers. Without any pain, he quickly started moving his limbs. Wanting to know what the pain in stomach was caused by, Sirius rolled out of bed. He quickly exited his bedroom and he entered the bathroom. The light turned on, temporarily blinding him. After a blinking a few times, his vision cleared up. Turning to face the full-length, Sirius picked up the top of his pajamas. His gray eyes widened. He had gotten his soulmark! With shaking fingers, Sirius carefully and slowly touched the words: we are going to make it . As he traced the letters, a smile formed on his lips. It was official. He had a soulmate. ... After receiving his soulmark, there wasn't a big and dramatic change in his life – like his mother expecting soulmates overnight. With his mother's disdain of soulmates, Sirius didn't dare tell her or his father about his mark. He had a feeling something terrible would happen. In fact, Sirius didn't even tell his little brother. What did change in his life was Sirius' desires to be someone else. He wasn't going to be defined by the Black family name anymore . It was time to become his own person! He wanted to be someone his soulmate would be proud of. Despite his desires to become someone else, Sirius didn't want to lose his family. There were a few people he loved: his little brother, his cousins Andromeda and Narcissa, and his Uncle Alphard. They were important people, but Sirius knew it was likely he would cut ties with all of them. With his new goal in mind, Sirius started to give some serious thought about his future – the very one his parents had planned out from the moment of his birth. In his parents' plans, Sirius would attend Hogwarts and be Sorted into Slytherin, where he would befriended children from their allied families. Upon graduating, he would take a position at the Ministry of Magic in the Department of Education. At the age of twenty, Sirius would marry his cousin, Narcissa Black, and they would have two sons and a daughter – an heir, a spare son, and a daughter to trade in marriage. Thinking about his future, Sirius knew he needed to be placed in a good House and maintain a civil relationship with his parents until he was seventeen. When he got to Hogwarts, the best House would be Ravenclaw. He would be portrayed as intelligent with a vast interest in knowledge and learning more than anything else. On the third of November, Sirius awoke to receiving his Hogwarts acceptance letter on his eleventh birthday. His parents celebrated the occasion with a large family gathering where Walburga boasted about her bright son and his future. Sirius attended the party for a few minutes before he slipped away with his cousins and Regulus. "It's like you're the second coming of Merlin," Regulus Black said, rolling his dark eyes. He was rather tired of their parents' fondness of Sirius, the Heir. "More like the second coming of Cygnus Black the First," Narcissa Black corrected with a smirk. "After all, Cygnus the First is credited with making our family great again." Regulus eagerly nodded in agreement. Cygnus the First was one of his favorite ancestors. If he got the chance, Regulus wanted to name one of his children after Cygnus the First – though his female cousins and Sirius had the privilege of claiming the name first. "Are you excited about next year?" Regulus asked, deciding to change the subject. The topic of Hogwarts was always a safe one. Narcissa nodded with a smile. "Of course," Sirius replied with a small smile. "We'll be the Prince and Princess of Slytherin," Narcissa boasted with a wide smile. Nodding, Sirius forced himself to agree. Narcissa's silvery gray eyes narrowed, noticing Sirius' shift in mannerism. She knew her cousin well enough to know when he was lying. Regulus noticed a shift in the atmosphere. He glanced between his brother and their cousin. There was something brewing. "What are you lying about, cousin?" Narcissa asked, raising an eyebrow. Sighing, Sirius thought about his response before opening his mouth. "I don't think Slytherin is the right House for me," he answered. "But our family has always gone to Slytherin," Regulus stated. "There are exceptions like Rigel Black, daughter of Atlas," Narcissa said. "She was Sorted into Huffelpuff." "What House are you thinking of?" Regulus asked. "Ravenclaw," Sirius answered. He felt it was a safe choice. "Why?" Narcissa demanded, raising her blonde eyebrow. "It's not like your the intelligent type?" Sirius shot a wounded look at his blonde cousin. "What?" she demanded with a shrug. "You hate reading and you're a kinetic learner." Sirius tried to think of a response while Regulus laughed, agreeing with Narcissa's statement. "You're more likely to be a Gryffindor," Regulus said, laughing. Narcissa frowned, thinking about her cousin and Gryffindor. Regulus made an excellent point. Sirius was an ideal Gryffindor. "But I can't be a Gryffindor," Sirius argued. "You know how Walburga will react." Narcissa shrugged, placing her right hand on top of her left shoulder. "Why is it so important to you?" she demanded. There was something like hope shining in her eyes. Sirius opened his mouth, about to respond when he closed it. His eyes widened as he studied his cousin. "Did you..?" his voice trailed off. He couldn't ask. It wasn't a safe question – not here at least. Narcissa eagerly nodded, smiling. "When I turned ten," she said. "Wanna see?" Sirius shook his head. He wanted to his cousin's soulmark. He was curious what someone else's would look like, but it was dangerous. Regulus looked back and forth between Narcissa and Sirius. "What? What did you get?" he asked. "My soulmark," Narcissa answered with a loving smile. Regulus' eyes widened in excitement. "I wanna see," he said. "Don't!" Sirius said, his tone panicked. While it was never said in the house, Sirius had a very bad feeling. There was a reason why their family didn't talk about soulmates and soulmarks. When Sirius received his soulmark, he was filled with the desire to show it off and ask questions, but something stopped him. He just knew it wasn't safe. Narcissa smiled, ignoring her cousin as she eagerly pushing the collar of her dress robes down passed the shoulder on her left side. Her words read Roses are red . "Congratulations, Narcissa, dear!" Walburga Black said as she entered the room. She wore a cruel look on her face. "It's time for your Induction." Narcissa froze at the sound of her aunt's voice. Something about the woman's words filled her with fear. Her silvery gray eyes widened and she looked over at Sirius. He wore a look of fear. He had warned, and she foolish ignored him. "I don't want it," she whispered, starting to tremble. "Nonsense," Walburga said. "It's a family tradition that only happens when you've received your soulmark." "Please, don't," the girl pleaded, digging her fingernails into her soulmark, as if trying to protect it. Walburga offered the girl a cruel smile as she grabbed her niece by the arm, harshly dragging her along. "Sirius! Regulus!" Narcissa called, her tone pleading and desperate, as she pulled from the room. "We have to help her!" Regulus declared, trying to run after their mother. Sirius reached out, grabbing his younger brother. "Don't," he whispered. "What's mother doing?" Regulus asked, his voice soft. He stared at his older brother with large pleading eyes. "Nothing good," Sirius replied. "I think she's going to take away Narcissa's mark." Regulus' eyes widened. "But why?" he demanded. "Because Blacks' don't get happy endings," Sirius stated, repeating the words he had heard Walburga say countless times before, "and Blacks don't need their soulmates." ... For days afterward, Walburga wore a self-satisfied smirk and she boasted about keeping up the family tradition. While Sirius and Regulus didn't know exactly what it was, they agreed it wasn't good. Walburga's words and actions haunted Sirius' and Regulus' nightmares. Despite being nine, Regulus started crawling into his brother's bed at night. "What do I do when I get...?" Regulus' voice trailed off. "You don't say anything ," Sirius said. "At least, not here ." "Do you know when?" Regulus asked, his tone hopeful despite the horror of their family tradition. "Your next birthday," Sirius answered, wishing he knew of someway to protect Regulus and himself – and their cousins – from this wretched family tradition. As far as Sirius was concerned, the best way to end the tradition was to end the Black family. As the only male children, it was up to Sirius and Regulus to carry on the family name. If they didn't have children or their children got a different last name, they would be fine. "Can I ever be with them?" Regulus whispered. "I don't know," Sirius replied, honestly. He wished he could tell Regulus otherwise, but he didn't know. "You should try though." "Are you?" "Yes, that's why I don't wanna be in Slytherin." "Can I copy you?" "Only if you want to, but you know how mother will react." "I just wanna be happy." "I think you could be happy in Slytherin. You're ambitious and cunning." "Yeah, I guess, but I don't wanna be a Black anymore. I just wanna be happy with my" Regulus paused for a minute, trying to