AN: Aha! I finally managed to write this out without feeling like I was making a huge mistake with it. Title: A Guiding Darkness Pairing: No main pairing Summary: Boredom can actually make people do very weird things, really. After who knows how long of feeling so numb, waking up as Tom Riddle is going to change things. Fate really does have a weird sense of humor. Harry reincarnated as Tom Riddle, Dark Lord Harry Warning: Reincarnation, Death, Torture, Dark!Harry, Powerful!Harry, Harry is Tom, mentions of sexual situations, implied slash and het, Dark Lord Harry Rating: T Disclaimer: Not Mine. Weird, this is the only story for which I remembered to put a disclaimer... "Tom... Tom Marvolo Riddle..." What's that? "Tom... After his father..." I've been born again. "And.. Marvolo after his grandfather..." Who am I now? "Tom Marvolo Riddle..." Tom... Riddle? Wait. I know that name... "Please... Take care of him..." No way... "For me..." I'm Riddle!? "Please..." I'm Lord-fucking-Voldemort!? Mrs. Cole was a stern woman. She was the matron of Wool's orphanage, an ordinary orphanage with ordinary children. There were quite a lot of children in the orphanage, most of them only stayed for a few years before getting adopted though. The adoption rate was quite high and many children were able to find a stable home quickly. However, not all of the children were that lucky and the ones that stayed for the longest often thought highly of themselves, becoming tyrants or bullies. Mrs. Cole was not one to tolerate these kind of children and made sure to stamp out this kind of behavior quickly. She didn't tolerate hostile and arrogant children in her orphanage and never would. And that's why she always kept a look out for this one child: Tom Riddle. Tom Marvolo Riddle had been in the orphanage all his life. In fact, he was the only child to have been born here. Tom was a genius, the cleverest child she had ever seen. When he was young, he wasn't like the other children. He never made a fuss and rarely cried as a baby. When he was old enough, he began to help with the chores, always working hard and smiling. The adults all adored him. However, the children easily got jealous and poor Tom became the victim of bullying. Fortunately, Tom always seemed able of defending himself or getting away rather easily. Unfortunately, as time went on, Tom became more and more aloof. He would spend his time staring out of the window with a conflicted expression on his face. When anyone would attempt to bully him, they always ended up being the ones running for cover. Despite still being polite to the adults, Tom became cold and detached as well. And his behavior worried Mrs. Cole. What was making him behave this way? Why did he change? She had so many questions, but her way of scolding Tom, trying to get him to open up only pushed him away. The older children began calling him names, behind his back, of course and the staff began to worry when everyone who had thought of adopting him changed their minds and expressed fear or disgust to the very idea. There was still one small saving grace that connected the new Tom with the old Tom though. It was the way he treated the younger and newer children. They all seemed to adore him, look up to him, be set on pleasing him. Tom would often humor them, play with them, and they grew to have a sort of hero-worship towards the young boy. Tom was, indeed, a very charming boy. "Tom?" Mrs. Cole asked, raising an eyebrow at the eccentrically dressed man sitting in front of her. "You're here to offer him a place at your school?" "That's correct, Mrs. Cole," the man - Dumbledore or something - replied. "What school's this, then?" "It's called Hogwarts." "And... Why is it Tom that you're interested in then?" "I believe he has the qualities that we're looking for." "A scholarship? How come? He's never entered in one before..." the teacher opened his mouth to speak, but Mrs. Cole carried on before he could. "Then again, I can understand why you'd be interested in him. Tom is such a sweet boy, after all. Hard working, eager to help, all the younger kids love him. Not only that, but he's a genius. the cleverest boy I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. Very polite and charming, too. He never gives us any trouble, no." "Is that so? Can you tell me a bit more about Mr. Riddle then? His history and how he came to the orphanage? I do believe he was born here." "Oh yes," Mrs. Cole leveled a suspicious look at the Professor. "I remember the day Tom was born as if it were yesterday. It was New Year's Eve and a girl who couldn't have been much older than I was at the time came staggering in. It was a nasty night, snowing and deathly cold. We took her in, of course, but she died not longer after she had the baby." "Did she say anything before she died? About the boy's father perhaps?" The professor pressed for details. "Well," Mrs. Cole narrowed her eyes, "She said that she hoped he looked like his father. She was right to hope. I won't lie, she wasn't a very pretty thing. But Tom, Tom grew up to be a very charming young man. He was named Tom after his father, apparently, and Marvolo after his grandfather. An... unusual name, but that's the only unusual thing about him." "Oh? Nothing unusual happened while he was here?" "No, of course not! Unless you mean the boy's intelligence; he's an absolute prodigy at everything he does!" Mrs. Cole boasted. "Great! So, can you take me to see young Tom, now?" "Of course, come with me." Mrs. Cole stood up, the oddly dressed professor standing, too. She took the professor out from her office and up the stone stairs, yelling out instructions and admonishments towards children and helpers they passed. Eventually, they stopped at a door and Mrs. Cole knocked on the door and entered, but the room turned out to be empty. "Oh. He must be in the library then..." she muttered turning back and leading the professor down the hall. Opening the door at the very end, she went inside to see a group of young children sitting around a chair in the center of the room. They were surrounded by dull bookcases and a young boy was perched on the chair, reading out loud to the children. "Tom," Mrs. Cole called, making all the children look up at her, "You have a visitor. Professor Dumbledore is here to talk to you." "Oh?" Tom raised an eyebrow and his gaze flickered from Mrs. Cole to the professor. "I'll be right over." The children 'aw'ed in sync as Tom put down the book and gave them a small smile. "Don't worry. I'll keep reading to you once I'm done, okay?" The children immediately nodded and Tom's smile disappeared as he walked over towards the two adults. Dumbledore wasn't sure what to think of young Tom Marvolo Riddle. being the only wizard in a muggle orphanage, odd things should have happened around him that he couldn't explain. So, naturally, Dumbledore was confused when the matron said nothing unusual had happened around Tom. He was also curious about the young wizard. From what he had been told by the matron, Tom was like the perfect little angel, a genius, good at everything he does. The child was too perfect to be real. He entered the room, following Tom, and watched as Tom walked over to his bed, sitting down gracefully, a polite smile on his face. "What can I do for you, professor?" "Well, Tom," he began, smiling and twinkling at the young boy, "I'm here to introduce you to our school, Hogwarts." Tom raised an eyebrow at him. "And what makes you think I want to be... introduced?" Dumbledore smiled wider. "Our school is a very unique school, you see. Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry is a place for children like you. Those that can do magic." "Magic?" came the skeptical reply. "Yes, magic. You're a wizard, Tom." Tom's face twitched as if he was trying hard to suppress a laugh or smirk. His eyes gleamed with what seemed to be unnerved amusement before they cleared of all emotion again. "Really. And you are one, too?" He seemed to be bored as he sat, relaxed, on the bed. "Yes." "Prove it." Dumbledore raised his eyebrows at the demanding words. "If, as I take it, you are accepting your place at-" "Yes, yes I am," Tom said impatiently, waving a hand for Dumbledore to get on with it. Dumbledore nodded. "Very well. You should address me as 'Professor' or 'Sir' then, if that is the case." Tom gave a half-smile, almost mocking in nature. "Of course, Professor Dumbledore. Can you prove that you're a wizard then, sir?" Dumbledore gave a small nod and a beaming smile before taking out his wand and flicking it to levitate Tom's bed. Tom jolted with surprise, emotions flickering through his eyes too fast to read. "Er... Can you put me down now, sir?" Dumbledore did as told. Too his surprise though, there was no awe or shock in Tom's gaze when he looked back at the professor. Maybe a little amusement though. "So... Where do I go get school supplies, supposing that I'll need things like that...?" "In Diagon Alley. I have a list of school supplies and books with me and can help you find everything you need. The school also has a fund for orphans, so there is no need to worry about money." Dumbledore took out a bag of money and held it out to Tom. "Sir, there is no need for you to accompany me. I am perfectly fine in doing everything myself. Can you tell me how to get to Diagon Alley, sir?" Tom smiled disarmingly and took the bag with a gracious nod. "Are you sure?" "Yes." Tom smiled again and listened carefully as Dumbledore told him how to get into Diagon Alley. "Any other details are in the envelope," Dumbledore added, handing Tom an envelope, "There is also a ticket for the train to Hogwarts in there." "Thank you, sir," Tom said, taking the envelope and opening it with curiosity. "I must go now, Tom," the professor muttered, standing and stretching out a hand for Tom to shake. "I can't wait to see you at Hogwarts, Tom." Tom dropped his letter to shake hands with Dumbledore. "And I you, sir." Dumbledore took another curious look at the boy and gauged his magical potential. It was rather ordinary. All in all, Tom Riddle seemed to be the ordinary muggle-born student if it weren't for two things: his lack of awe, and his stunning appearance that could rival a veela's in beauty. "See you soon," he said, letting go of the hand and watching the polite smile bloom on that face, the face with unearthly beauty. And with a last nod, he left. Abraxas Malfoy was excited. Why? Because today was the day he was going to go to Diagon Alley for his school supplies for his first year at Hogwarts. Of course, he kept a calm, dignified composure and kept himself from showing his excitement on his face. He wouldn't be caught dead bouncing around like some commoner. He was a Malfoy and Malfoys were above that. He felt his chest swell with pride as he and his family walked down the street. The people gawked and parted for them, knowing very well that they were Malfoys. After all, Malfoys were known for their beauty, power and prestige. Abraxas knew that he was just as stunning as all the other Malfoys. Platinum blonde hair and grey eyes, the