Title: The Next Target Summary: Harry, depressed about losing Sirius, curses Fate for making his life so miserble and is accidentally heard by Fate. Fate, who was bored with her job, had decided to pay the mortal realm a visit for something fun to do. After hearing Harry, she decides she's offended, but also interested, for Harry Potter's life has never been boring and therefore goes to him, seeking an adventure. In an atempt to prove to him she, unlike her predecessors, is not a cruel woman, Fate, also known as Katelyn Dalton, decides to give Harry a chance at happiness, help him with anything he wishes. When Harry agrees, he is whisked away to 1935 and de-aged into an eight year old before being taken to an orphanage. An orphanage with a certain Tom Riddle in it. What Harry doesn't know though, is that Katelyn Dalton is and has always been a teenager obsessed with matchmaking. Her next targets: Harry and Tom. Pairing(s): Tom/Harry Genre(s): Romance Warnings: Powerful!Grey!Harry, Matchmaker!Fate, SLASH, het, Time Travel Rating: T for now Words: 3,912 Chapter 1: A Bored 'Fate' A pen tapped lightly against the desk in a slow rhythm as She sat, slumped, in her study. She was, for some reason or another, bored. So extremely bored that She would rather go through her death and that… ceremony thing again. And that was probably the epitome of boredom. She could remember the day She ascended quite clearly and standing in the middle of a ritual circle for six hours straight was not Her idea of fun. Or, at least, it was six hours if we went by Earth's way of calculating time. That was the day She went from normal mortal, to all-powerful immortal being. Okay, well, not all-powerful, but still pretty damn awesome. She could go and read about all the misfortunes of everyone who'd ever lived, but even that got boring. Plus, being 'Fate' meant that pretty much instinctively knew pretty much everything . And that meant life (Or, rather, death) was boring. Being an immortal generally meant you didn't have much to do with mortals and kept to other immortals. There wasn't really a reason for it, but immortals didn't get involved. Unless it really did get boring enough to make up some silly reason for visiting the mortals, like Death did when trying to collect the souls of the Peverell brothers. Sure, She sent prophecies to help people and guide them, changing what Destiny had written – not that much was actually decided by Destiny; the immortals usually let the mortals' choices govern their fates or it'd mean a lot of work for them – to make sure things kept moving. Destiny was always the one to write out the possibilities of what would happen without Their direct interference, the decisions most likely to be made, the ones least likely to be made and if the situation was big enough for Them to interfere or not. Fate, on the other hand, was the one who decided how they should interfere and did the actual interfering. She was the one who had direct contact with the mortals and She was the one with the actual power to change things. Of course, there were things that couldn't be changed, like one's will, soul, personality, et cetera. But She had quite a bit of power over everything else. Still, that didn't change the fact that being Fate was boring . Her life as a mortal, as Katelyn Dalton, was so much more fun! But she just had to die and get picked as the previous Fate's successor, didn't she? It was fun to stay in the mortal realm and all, but… Actually, she was getting bored enough to go to leave for the mortal realm… again. With that thought in mind, Katelyn stood and left for Earth. Hopefully, this would be fun. .:*Fate*:. Harry Potter woke with a jolt. He sat up in bed, sweat beading his head and gasping for breath as he tried to calm down. Feeling his pounding heart slow to a reasonable pace, he took a deep, shaky breath and put his head in his palms. That had been a horrible nightmare. It was a horrible nightmare that plagued him time and time again, ruling his dreams and sleep. Sirius, eyes wide and shocked, was thrown back by the spell and falling… falling… Harry shook his head fiercely; he had to stop thinking about it! "Do you really hate me this much, fate? Why am I subjected to such things…? Was I evil in another life or something and now you've decided to punish me? Why did you have to take Sirius from me? Why are you so cruel? I hate you…" he whispered into his hands, giving a shaky laugh. All he wanted was to be normal, to be 'just Harry', to be- A snort. "No, of course not. I'm not cruel; I didn't do anything." The indignant-sounding voice startled the boy and he jolted up, grabbing for his wand and glasses as he squinted into the darkness. There was no one there. His breath came out in short gasps due to his panic and something told him he wasn't as alone as it seemed. He quickly put his glasses on and looked around, realizing he was screwed if the presence in his room was an enemy since he didn't have his wand. "I'm no enemy of yours, boy." Harry tensed at the voice, eyes narrowed. This… presence could read his mind. Gathering his Gryffindor courage, he decided to speak. "Who's there? Show yourself," he hissed. At his demand, two pinpricks of light shone from the darkness, one an eerie gold glow and, to its left, a similar deep blue glow. The lights slowly got closer and, as the moonlight shone through the window, they were revealed to be eyes. The glowing eyes were framed by long, silvery lashes that matched the colour of the person – the woman's – hair. As more of the woman came into view, Harry realized this wasn't any ordinary woman and could only gape as he stared. The goddess – for that was all that she could be – was stunningly beautiful, ethereal in every sense, but didn't look much older than him. She seemed to be bored yet her eyes glimmered with amusement. "I was the one you were just accusing of making your life miserable," She responded. Harry shook himself out of his shock and glared, baffled, but before he could ask anything, the girl spoke again. "I'm Katelyn Dalton, though you know me as Fate, many others call me Fortuna or some other names, though I'm not actually 'luck'. You're probably wondering why I'm here," She looked to her nails and studied them, her other hand cradling her elbow, "Well, I was bored and I just so happened to hear you accusing me of making your life horrible and not normal. You also accused me of being cruel, which, I assure you, I am not. In fact, I, contrary to common belief, barely have any control over your future at all." Harry, coming out of his shock of being told the woman was Fate herself, was warring with himself about believing or not believing the woman. He didn't really think it was possible, but his instinct was telling him that the woman was telling the truth. Then again, this was a world of magic, anything was possible. Fate had grown silent as he pondered over her words. Finally he decided to just hear what the other had to say before coming to a conclusion. Fate grinned at him as he settled his gaze on her, wary. "Why are you here?" "I was bored." Fate shrugged, "I heard you insulting me. So, I came here to prove what you said wrong… and to give you a chance. I chose you." Her eyes became sad, "You're always forced into situations you don't like. In fact, your current situation is entirely due to the choices made by others, so I hope you no longer blame me in the future. Your future… is very interesting, though I doubt you'll like it very much. In fact, I admire you." Harry blinked in shock at the confession and Fate smirked at him. "I've decided that I very much want to help you get the happiness you deserve, actually. So let's make a deal, human. I'm bored, and you're miserable, so I'll give you a chance at happiness if you let me accompany you. I'll give you the chance to accomplish whatever you desire most as long as it is reasonable and within my power. You see, we immortals can't actually stay in the mortal realm without bonding to a mortal. Most immortals don't do this to save them the heartbreak if their mortal dies. Plus, being bonded is rather arduous for us and we have to follow rules ." Fate said 'rules' as if the very concept was disgusting. "So, how's about it?" Harry's jaw floundered for a moment, completely dumbstruck. This was too good to be true. "Any desire?" "Whatever you want. It doesn't matter if it's to be able to defeat Voldemort or to save your godfather, but I can't say for sure you'll be able to do it, I'm only giving a good chance at it. As I said before, I don't control anyone's fate. I can influence it, I can undo the future if that is my mortal's wish, and I instinctively know what choices people are going to make as long as I do not do any influencing, but I cannot write it. It depends solely on the decisions of others." Harry's eyes widened. "Really?" He could save everyone if he did this. No one would have to die. Fate nodded and smiled. "Really. So, will you take my offer?" Harry hesitated a brief moment before looking into Fate's eyes, determination shining in his own. He nodded. Fate's smile grew. "Great…" Suddenly, Fate started glowing slightly and a bright flash lit up the room before giving into darkness… .:*Fate*:. He could smell the freshly cut grass beneath him and hear the birds chirping. The sunlight was resting heavily on his eyelids and the wind was cooling him pleasantly. He felt so free, so relaxed at that point that he just wanted to drift off to sleep… §Human!§ He groaned at the voice next to his ear and rolled over, curling up. He just wanted to go to sleep. §Still alive in there? Yeesh. I didn't take you sixty-one years into the past to watch you sleep, no matter how endearing you may look as an eight year old. There's someone coming! Wake up, human, now!§ His eyes snapped open as the words registered in his mind and he quickly sat up. His emerald gaze landed on the nondescript garden snake next to him. He blinked in surprise. §Fate?§ Harry asked in Parseltongue, bewildered at why Fate was a common garden snake. §Why are you a garden snake?§ Fate gave him a look that was asking him if he was stupid or not. §Who else would it be? I did want to accompany you. Also, do call me Fortuna or Katelyn for when I am in my human form so that people would not think you weird for calling me Fate. As for why I'm a garden snake, we can commune this way without most listening in. Now that we are bonded and I am anchored to the mortal realm, I have lost quite a few of my… abilities, so this is the best way to communicate. It's quiet and there are only very few that can understand. I also prefer to not be as noticeable as a human.§ §Okay… But why are you a garden snake not, I dunno, a black mamba or something?§ Fortuna graced him with another look that had him cringing. §Human. I, like you, prefer