A/N — Mild crack because I'm bored. Also an unnecessary amount of Cluam Sutherland references. Okay, let's be real: this is pretty much all just one jumbled reference ;P Written for Houses [g] themed using the line "I'm committed to making your life a living hell." Thank you so much to Beks for beta'ing this! [4500] Sirius hoisted the blue plastic box higher on his hip, took a deep breath, and knocked on the door. The sound was loud in the otherwise quiet of the night, and he would be worried about waking the neighbours if any of the surrounding houses were actually close . He looked around, listening, hoping to hear someone approaching, but … nothing. It was pretty late, after all. He'd just about given up when the large front door swung open and Mister Potter appeared, framed in a rectangle of light. "Hi," Sirius said, grinning sheepishly; he was a little surprised he hadn't been greeted by the house-elf. "Sirius?" Mister Potter asked after a moment, blinking in confusion. "What're you doing here? It's …" "Uh," Sirius checked his wristwatch, using the light from the house to see it properly, "nearly four." "Right, well …" Mister Potter paused, rubbing his temple, and sighed before continuing: "I suppose you'd best come in, then." "Sirius?" a voice called from inside the house; Sirius leant to the side to peer around Mister Potter and saw James standing at the bottom of the stairs, clad in the Quidditch pyjamas he'd sworn he'd thrown out after the ridicule he'd received for wearing them at Hogwarts. Sirius hadn't even known they made adult-sized (or teenage boy-sized, if they were being honest with themselves) Quidditch pyjamas. Then again, Sirius had taken to sleeping in the old Muggle band t-shirts Remus and Peter had been getting him for birthdays and Christmases since third year. And boxers, of course; he wasn't an animal. "Can I sleep on your sofa?" Sirius asked. He had absolutely no intentions of sleeping on the sofa, but he thought it was more polite than saying: 'I'm sleeping on your bed; either share or take the floor'. "Don't be ridiculous," Missus Potter said, appearing behind James. "We'll set up the camping bed in James' room." "Oh, you don't have to go to the trouble," Sirius said with a polite smile; he was not sleeping on that thing. "No trouble at all, dear," Missus Potter said, already heading back upstairs. Mister Potter stifled a yawn and said: "Well, I suppose now that's covered …" "Goodnight, Mister Potter," Sirius said, turning his polite smile onto James' dad. Yes, the Potters liked him, but even Sirius could admit that turning up on their doorstep at a quarter to four was pushing his luck. "What happened, anyway?" James asked when both his parents had retreated upstairs. "My mum kicked me out," Sirius said bluntly, walking past James and towards his room. "You do realise you're a guest, right?" James asked, but followed Sirius nonetheless. "Yes, James, I'm aware of that," Sirius snapped. "I'm also aware I'm homeless! " He turned, walking up the stairs backwards now so that he could face James. "I had to pack up all my stuff and leave before my mum could finish burning my name off the tree!" "Is that all you own?" Sirius looked down at the box he was still holding — it was one of those storage boxes with the handles and no lid, though he couldn't remember where he'd got it from originally; it certainly wasn't something he'd have gotten from his parents. Sirius picked up the large plastic ice-cream cone that only half fit inside and said with as much sarcasm as was possible at this hour: "Yes, James. Literally all I own is a gag-gift you gave me last Christmas. It's my most prized possession," he added. "I take it with me wherever I go." "Really?" James asked, looking genuinely concerned. "'Cause that's —" "No, James, you complete and utter moron! I left my trunk outside!" With a sigh, James turned around and trudged back down the stairs. "Where're you going?" Sirius asked. "To get your trunk, you useless git." Sirius huffed and continued up the stairs, leaving James to carry the trunk alone. It wasn't that heavy. Sirius had carried it all the way here, anyway, so he deserved a break. (Admittedly, most of his journey had been on the Knight Bus, but that was traumatic enough under the best of circumstances.) He threw himself onto James' bed the moment he entered the room, the plastic ice-cream cone bouncing out of the box and rolling across the floor; Sirius ignored it and closed his eyes, hoping maybe if he looked like he was asleep when James arrived his friend would be less irritated. Though now that he wasn't fuelled by adrenaline, Sirius might actually fall asleep before — James returned sooner than Sirius had expected, visibly sweating and annoyed, his entrance loud enough to startle Sirius into opening his eyes and earning a "keep it down!" from across the landing. "Sorry, Mum!" James yelled, dropping the trunk loudly onto the floor and flopping down beside Sirius on the bed. "Why's there a wig in that box?" he muttered, staring up at the ceiling. "I was going through a phase." .oOo. Sirius was awoken by a loud shriek and what looked like a small mammal being thrown across the room. "What the bloody hell —" James began, but Sirius had spotted the object lying forlornly on the floor across the room. "My wig!" he yelled, suddenly alert. "You better not have ruined it! What'd you even do that for?" "I'm committed to making your life a living hell," James snapped. "Why d'you even care what happens to that thing, anyway?" "It has emotional value." Sirius picked up the plastic ice-cream cone and righted it, carefully arranging the wig atop of it. It took some careful balancing, and a lot of de-tangling, but eventually the wig was somewhat presentable and almost securely settled on the cone. James watched the entire thing in silence. "Nice pyjamas," he said when he was done, turning to face James with a smirk his cousin would have been proud of. Had she liked him enough to be proud of anything he did, that is. James turned a brilliant shade of red, bordering on purple, and began sputtering vague sounds that may have been intended as some form of defence. "No, seriously," Sirius continued, "it's a good look for you. If Evans got a look, I'd bet she'd drop her —" "Sirius!" "She'd drop her text book," Sirius said innocently. "Why? What'd you think I was gonna say?" James simply stared at him, unimpressed. "Oh, come off it. What happened to your sense of humour?" "I'm gonna get breakfast," James said, still with the same expression on his face. "Great." Sirius grinned widely. "Bring me up something, too, would you?" At James' incredulous look, he added: "I am a guest in your home!" "You're a moron who's ruining my life," James muttered, but as he hadn't actually said no, Sirius decided he'd wait and see what happened. If nothing else, he'd at least get a few more minutes of sleep. There was nothing quite like being woken up by an idiot screaming over a wig. .oOo. "Oi!" Sirius was woken a second time by a quick yell and someone sitting heavily on the bed with enough force to send him bouncing into the air. "I was better off on the Knight Bus," Sirius muttered, wiping the trail of drool off his cheek with James' pillow. "That's disgusting!" James yanked the pillow out from under Sirius' head, and his face hit the mattress. Hard. "Here's your bloody toast." He dropped the plate unceremoniously next to Sirius, spilling crumbs across the sheets. "Such double standards," Sirius huffed as he turned over and pulled himself into a semi-seated position leant against the headrest. "Is that it?" he asked incredulously. "You were gone for ages!" "I was not!" James said. "How would you know, anyway? Lazy bastard." Sirius picked up a slice of mildly burnt toast and gave James a deadpan look. "You could've at least scrapped off the burnt part. Or … y'know, hidden it with something." He paused for a moment, looking exaggeratedly thoughtful. "Jam? Butter, maybe? Those're acceptable things to put on toast, right?" James shrugged. "If you've got such high standards, you should've gone down to get your own breakfast." Sirius bit into the burnt toast with a look that could cut glass, not taking his eyes off James the entire time he ate his disappointing breakfast. James was starting to look a little uncomfortable, at least; that went some way to make up for the assault on Sirius' tastebuds. "Pete's coming 'round today," James said, probably more out of a need to break the silence than any real desire to inform Sirius of any plans that had been made. "Why?" Sirius asked, his mouth still full. "Because he's my friend?" James said; he looked mildly disgusted at the spray of crumbs from Sirius' mouth, but didn't bother saying anything about it. "I've known him longer than I've known you." "Well excuse me for not living in the neighbourhood," Sirius huffed around his last mouthful of toast. James simply rolled his eyes. .oOo. "James! What're — Oh …" Peter froze in the doorway to James' room. "Hi, Sirius. What're you doing here?" "I live here now," Sirius said haughtily. "That's still up for debate," James muttered. "Right, well …" Peter paused, eyeing the bewigged plastic ice-cream cone warily. "Let me know how that turns out." "It's going great," Sirius said, but James responded at the same time with: "It's a disaster already." Peter nodded. "Sounds about right." James stood from the bed, stretching. "So what d'you wanna do now?" Peter shrugged, but Sirius said: "I'm hungry." He added an exaggerated pout for good measure. "Breakfast was such a disappointment." "Will you get over it?" James snapped. "I am no chef." "We could go to the park?" Peter suggested and, for lack of anything better to do, Sirius and James agreed. "Mum! We're going out!" James yelled as he and Sirius pulled on their trainers while Peter trudged downstairs to get his from beside the front door. "At least one of you has manners," Missus Potter huffed as she watched them trek past, adding, louder: "Will you be back for lunch?" "Yes, Mum!" James shoved Sirius out the door while Peter was still tying his laces, ignoring the shout of: "Hey! Wait up!" They were halfway down the street when Peter finally caught up to them. "Your mum said half one at the latest," he said, panting slightly. "And I messaged Remus, so he might come." "Merlin, Pete, get some exercise," James said. "Yeah, he could join the Quidditch team!" Sirius added with fake enthusiasm. "You could get matching pyjamas!" Peter stared between the two of them, confused, for a moment, before realisation struck. "You still have those?" he asked, not even making an attempt to stifle his laughter. "They were a gift from my mother!" They turned a corner into what could generously be termed a side street. It was more of an alley, in Sirius' opinion; dark and fenced in and probably full of litter. "We're not going in there, are we?" "It's a shortcut," Peter said. "Great," Sirius muttered. "I'm gonna become a statistic walking through here." "Will you stop being so dramatic?" James said, pushing Sirius into the alley. "You can see the other end." "Well, things have already taken a turn for the worse," Sirius complained, scowling, as he stomped through the alley. "That was a horrendous experience." "That lasted all of thirty seconds," James said under his breath. "I'm never doing that again." "You know we have to come back this way, right?" Peter asked. Sirius scowled, slowing down; James and Peter ignored his sulking and walked