Harry Potter lay gazing at the ceiling from his bed. His night's sleep having been plagued by the reoccurring vision of his godfather falling to his death through the veil, he felt tired and sore despite having just awoken. He had been with the Dursley's just a over a fortnight and already he was wishing that his friends would contact him. His aunt, uncle, and cousin had left him alone for the most part; his only chores were lawn care and dishes, which he gladly did simply to keep him occupied, but it also meant that he was utterly alone except for his owl, Hedwig. Harry turned his head towards the window where a tapping noise had caught his attention. Arising and walking to the window he granted entrance to a tawny owl which he did not recognize. The owl extended its leg to him where it had a letter tied. He untied the letter and the bird quickly exited through the window. Looking at the seal on the he recognized the Hogwarts seal. Breaking it open, Harry withdrew two pieces of parchment. The first reading: Mr. Potter, Attached you will find the scores from your Ordinary Wizarding Level Exams. Please use this information to asses which courses you will be eligible to take at the N.E.W.T. Level, then please send the list of classes in which you wish to enroll to your Head of House by the 1st of July. Sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy-Headmistress of Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry. Turning to the next page, Harry saw his grades. Harry James Potter O.W.L. Scores. Transfiguration: E Defense Against the Dark Arts: O Potions: E Care of Magical Creatures: E Charms: E Herbology: E Astronomy: A Divination: P History of Magic: D Please use the information found above to discern which courses for which you will be eligible to attend at the N.E.W.T. Level. Harry smiled down at his scores. He had known he got an Outstanding on his Defense O.W.L. And expected to Exceed Expectations in most of his others, although Potions surprised him. He was glad that Snape didn't grade the exams; Harry was certain that he would have given him a Troll just for spite. Folding the letter he began to search for a pen and paper to respond to McGonagall when a second owl flew through his still open window. Harry stepped back startled by the newcomer; a black owl with an official looking collar around its neck. Harry took the offered letter from the owl who immediately flew off. Turning the letter over, Harry saw the seal belonging to Gringotts Bank. Confused, Harry opened the letter. What did the goblin run wizarding bank want from him; had someone broken in and stolen all of his money? Surely the ministry would have sent an Auror to inform him if they had right? "Don't be stupid, Harry," he told himself, "Gringotts is the most secure place in Britain next to Hogwarts." Opening the letter, he read what must be a Goblin's writing: Mr. Potter, Your presence is required at the reading of the Last Will and Testament of Sirius Orion Black on Tuesday, June 25th 1996 Anno Domini,10:30 Ante Meridiem, at Gringotts Bank Diagon Alley, London. Signed, Granglock Overseer of the Affairs of Inheritance. Harry felt the tears welling up in his eyes and the returning pit in his stomach. This was just another painful reminder that Sirius was truly dead, never going to hug Harry, never going to give him advice, listen to him vent, or tell him stories about his family. Harry fell onto his bed as his grief boiled up once again. After a few minutes he recovered. What was he going to do? The twenty-fifth was tomorrow; how was he going to get to Gringotts? Certainly Uncle Vernon would not be willing to drive him to London just so he could attend the reading, plus he definitely didn't want to have to tell them that his Godfather, with whom he had just been reunited, was dead. Maybe he could ask Mr. Weasely to come pick him up and apparate him to Gringotts-no, he didn't want to bother the Weaselys for something like this. There was always the Knight Bus but that was definitely not a method of transportation Harry particularly enjoyed. Sitting on his bed racking his brain for a way to get to Diagon Alley. He decided that he would break into the cupboard that night and get his wand, broom, and invisibility cloak and fly there, that way he could get where he needed without troubling anyone else, plus it would be great to fly again. That night Harry sat in his room waiting for the Dursleys to go to sleep, it was only half past seven so he still had at least another two hours before Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia made their way to bed, and even more until Dudley came home from wherever he was tonight. He started to dose off when, for the third time that day, an unfamiliar owl flew to his windowsill. It began tapping on the glass forcing Harry to get up and let it in. The owl held its leg for Harry to remove. Once he had the letter in his hands, the owl started pecking him for a treat. Harry rolled his eyes but dug into his supply of treats for Hedwig to acquiesce its request. Once it was fed, the owl left not waiting for a reply. Harry opened the letter and read the simple message. Harry, Be ready at exactly half-nine tomorrow morning. R.J. Lupin Harry re-read the letter. There wasn't any way to interpret that message other than that someone-possibly Lupin-would be there to take him to the reading of the will. The morning dawned and Harry's alarm was beeping. He jumped out of bed, grabbing his glasses and turning the clock off. He showered, dressed quickly and ran down the stairs to get breakfast for himself before Lupin arrived by a quarter till nine. Uncle Vernon gave him a glare, "What are you on about, Boy?" "Oh, nothing, just a friend who's going to meet me in about half an hour." Harry couldn't help himself, despite the somber occasion, he was excited to get out of the Dursleys and back into the wizarding world, with a friend for the first time all summer. "And just where do you expect to meet this friend ?" "Here." "Oh no you're not! None of your fellow freaks are going to set foot in my house again!" "Sorry, but it's a little late for me to tell him he can't come here." "Don't play smug with me, whoever he is is not welcome in my house!" "Don't worry we won't be staying." "That's damn well right, if I so much as-" The doorbell rang. "I'll get it." Harry said. Opening the door Harry saw his old Defense professor standing on the door standing on the porch looking haggard and worn with his greying hair and scarred face. He wore a blue oxford shirt, tie, brown trousers, and the same old tweed jacket with elbow patches Harry had seen him wear so many times before. "Good morning, Harry." "Good morning, Remus." "A bit too trusting, Harry." Lupin's voice full of caution. "Oh right, uh-what is the password to clear the map?" Lupin's eyes smiled slightly as he responded, "Mischief managed." Harry stepped aside and Lupin entered the house looking around. "Do you have your dad's cloak?" "Err, it's in the cupboard under the stairs." "Go and grab it. We'll apparate there in ten minutes. I want you to wear it until we get inside the room in which the Will will be read. Understand?" "Yes, Sir, but the door's locked." "Where is your uncle?" "In the kitchen." "I'd like to speak to him briefly, if you don't mind." "Sure." "No freak is welcome in my house, now get out!" Uncle Vernon bellowed coming around the corner and facing Lupin. "Mister Dursley, I'd like to inform you of just a few things before we depart." Lupin said, Uncle Vernon's insult glancing off his calm demeanor without causing so much as a breath from the werewolf. "I don't want to hear any of it." "First that we are grateful for your continued caring for Harry." Lupin continued as if he hadn't heard him, "second that no one fully knows what will come from this reading so that part of Harry's future is still uncertain, however, he will still need to live here until his seventeenth birthday. Thirdly, and this is a matter about which I am most concerned, we need you to unlock the cupboard under the stairs so that Harry might retrieve some of his belongings." "No. That stuff stays where it is until he returns to that cursed school of his. I don't want him able to access it and threaten me or my family!" "I can assure you that Harry will not threaten you nor your family, but it is imperative that we retrieve what we need now please." "No." "Very well, I had hoped to respect your sensitivities and refrain from doing this, but I will do it myself." Lupin said turning down the hall to the stairs. "Alohomora." he said with a wave of his hand, without drawing his wand. He opened the cupboard and withdrew Harry's trunk. He found the invisibility cloak then Harry's wand and gave him both before returning the trunk beneath the stairs. Glancing down at his watch, Lupin said, "Thank you for your time, Mr. Dursley. Harry, we must be off. Put on the cloak and grab my arm." Harry did as he was told and followed Lupin out of the door. He kept a hold of Lupin's arm as the thin man walked around to an alley where he reached over and grabbed where Harry's shoulder should be. "Are you ready, Harry?" "Yes." His disembodied voice came from beside the older man. "Good." With that Harry felt and as if he was being sucked through a tube and spun around. They landed just outside of the Leaky Caldron. "You may let go, but stay covered and close." Lupin said as he walked through the door of the inn and proceeded into Diagon Alley. They walked quickly, Lupin taking every precaution to avoid anyone accidentally brushing against Harry. Harry noticed an old woman walking across the street from them stumble and nearly fall and almost ran over to see if she was alright, but she was already being helped by a passerby. Once they reached Gringotts Lupin walked to the Goblin behind the desk. "I'm here for the reading of the Will of Sirius Black." "Mr. Lupin, of course. Right this way." The goblin led them to a small room off to the side with a polished desk, and multiple chairs. "Granglock will be hear shortly once the other beneficiaries have arrived." The goblin said closing the door as he exited. "You can take the cloak off now, Harry." Lupin said. Harry appeared beside him, "Did you think we were being followed?" "I suspect that we might have been. Professor Dumbledore feared that the Death Eaters might try something and thought it would be safest if you were read the Will separately and at your home. I agree it would have been safer, but I feel it is best that you be here for this in person. The Order spent yesterday arranging your security." He smiled and added, "you may have noticed Tonks outside keeping watch." "The old woman?" He asked, Lupin nodded, "Thanks. I want to be here." "I know." A few minutes later Professor Dumbledore entered lead by a different goblin than that which lead Harry and Lupin. They both stood as the aged wizard walked towards them. "Harry, I am glad that you are here safely." "Thank you, Sir." "I take it there were no issues, Remus?" "None, sir, I believe