Ginny sat on the couch with her legs curled beneath her in the London flat she shared with Harry and turned the page in the current book she was reading. It was the first book she had been able to read for pleasure in a long time. She had just finished her last post-season tournament game with the Harpies and despite the loss, she wasn't as upset as she thought she would have been. Though she was a talented player, she had only been on the team for two years, so she didn't get to play as much. The injury to her rotator cuff hadn't helped matters either, but frankly she was relieved to have some time off. Life didn't stop after the war. In fact, it seemed to move faster than even before. There were funerals to attend, repairs to make to Hogwarts that took ages, media craze that pushed her to the point of administering a Bat-Bogey Hex to a certain vicious reporter, and simply trying to move on. Ginny felt as though she hadn't had a true break since her early years at Hogwarts. It was as though there was finally nothing stopping her from doing what she really wanted to do. What exactly that was, she had no idea. She dog-eared the current page she was on and set her book down on the end table. Looking at the clock, she saw Harry would be home in the next half hour or so. She decided that they should have a nice night in together since it had been forever since they had actually time to themselves. He had been particularly stressed about work lately and because of her long practice hours and games, Ginny had scarcely been able to talk to him about it besides a few words about it before bed each night. Thinking about it, she felt rather guilty. Here she was flying around on a broomstick, barely even able to play while Harry was out trying to save the world. He never mentioned it, but she could see how tired and frustrated he was. She hadn't been there for him lately like she should have been and it made her stomach sink. It wasn't as though he had shown any signs of being upset with her, but she knew she could have put forth a bit more effort with him. Ginny popped up from the couch and murmured a charm to start the fireplace before she headed over to the CD player that Harry had bought. She chose some light, acoustic music and began to hum along when the first song began to play. She enjoyed muggle objects and loved that their flat now adorned both muggle and magical devices. It made life at home a bit simpler and reminded her of the Burrow sometimes. She rummaged through the fridge and freezer trying to put something together for dinner. Though Harry was the better cook in their relationship, she tried to make an effort every once in a while. Her mother had taught her enough about cooking that she could make some simple dishes and looking at what they had for food, simple is what was going to happen. Ginny settled on pasta, garlic bread, and salad for the both of them. She even threw a bottle of white wine in the fridge. Harry had introduced her to the alcoholic beverage and her life hadn't been the same since. She pulled her hair up into a messy bun and began the preparations. She set a pot of water on the stove to boil and took out a loaf of French bread. Ginny enjoyed cooking despite her basic skills. It was easy to get lost in it, especially with the music playing in the background. She found herself swaying her hips slightly to the current song that was on and moved rhythmically around the kitchen. It was only the sound of the jiggling handle on the front door that broke her from her trance. "Gin?" she heard Harry call out. She stuck her head out from behind the wall of the kitchen and grinned at him. He had taken off his jacket and looked tired again, but damn he still made her stomach do flips. "One sec! I'm just putting the pasta in the water," she said from the kitchen. The water was finally boiling and she quickly ripped open the box of pasta to pour in. She stirred the pot of marinara sauce a few times for good measure before exiting the kitchen. Harry was untying his shoes and placed them by the door before he stood up. "Hi," she said before capturing his lips in a kiss. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him into her. His face was a little rough against hers due to the stubble around his jaw, but she didn't mind. In fact, she was kind of a fan of it. She felt his arm snake around her waist and pull her closer to his body. They broke apart after a moment or two, but she kept her arms loosely wrapped around him. "Well, hello to you, too," he said with a grin. Ginny returned the smile and played with the hair at the base of his skull. "You said there was pasta?" "Mhmm. I decided that since I finally have time off and you have been stressed at work, we could just stay in and have a nice dinner tonight." "Sounds perfect," he said before kissing her once more and releasing her. "Need any help?" "No," she said as she walked back to the kitchen. "Just go change so I'm not the only one in my pajamas." "Do I have time for a shower?" she heard him ask. "If you're quick!" she called back. She chuckled as she heard him scamper back to their room to undress. He knew better than to be late for dinner after a rather heated argument one night that may have resulted in Harry sleeping on the couch that night. Thinking back on it, Ginny laughed. It had been during the first month of them living together and neither had completely adjusted to the other yet. It was a stupid argument that turned into a whole explosion of nasty comments and words neither of them meant. They didn't speak for an entire day! It had been quite an adjustment even getting back together. They both had so many scars, both physical and mental, and other things they had to come to grips with. It Ginny forever to truly forgive him for walking into that forest. It wasn't that she was angry with him or that she didn't understand why he did it; it was that she could have lost him forever. She shuddered at the memory she let slip into her head of him in Hagrid's arms, but quickly pushed it away. She wasn't going down that road tonight. She stirred the pasta and sauce with a flick of her wand and bent to check on how the garlic bread was doing. Finding everything in order, she cut up some lettuce and threw the rest of the ingredients in a big bowl. Harry walked into the kitchen as she finished tossing the salad. "Want me to set the table?" he asked sweetly as he opened to drawer with the silverware. "Sure. The garlic bread should be done in a minute or two, so your timing is perfect," she replied as she walked to turn off the stove and empty the water from the pasta pot. The two moved quietly about the kitchen completing their tasks before everything came together. The couple made their plates before walking over the table that Harry had set up. A white lily and a candle had been placed in the center, a thoughtful sentiment that made Ginny smile. They sat down and Harry poured them both a glass of wine before he raised his own towards her. "Thanks for this, Gin. It looks amazing," he said. She smiled warmly and clinked her glass against his before taking a sip. It was a cool, crisp wine that didn't have much of a bite. She'd get herself in trouble if she had too much of this. "You're welcome. You deserve it," she replied. Harry grinned at her once more before turning his attention to the food on his plate. They ate and talked about how their day had been, largely focusing on what was happening with Harry at work. Apparently, a group of wizards had been targeting squibs in London and they had hit a wall. They hadn't had any leads for the past two weeks, but people were still being attacked. This week alone, three people had been injured and one was in critical condition. Besides that, they simply caught up with each other. Harry asked her about Quidditch and the upcoming season, Ginny asked him how Ron was doing since she hadn't seen him in weeks, and the two made a decision to visit the Burrow soon. It was nice to finally have some time alone to relax and just be together. Ginny didn't realize how much she had missed talking with him and simply being in his presence. He calmed her and she did the same for him. "That was delicious, Gin. Thank you," Harry said as he leaned back in his chair twirling the stem of his wine glass between his thumb and forefinger. Ginny brought her own glass to her lips and finished her last sip. She noticed the hem of his old shirt had hitched up to show a sliver of skin. She could see the curly black hairs that she knew formed a trail from his navel downward. Clearing her throat, she looked back up to him only to find his eyes were closed. He had a look of utter content on his face, a look of peace she hadn't seen in a while. Ginny put her glass down and stood up. He cracked his eyes open as she walked over to him and removed his own glass from his hand. Before he could question what was happening, she straddled him and silenced his questioning lips with hers. She cupped his face with both of her hands before threading them through his unruly raven hair. He'd have to cut it soon. She felt Harry's hands move from her hips to bottom and sighed when she felt his tongue begging for entrance. She happily obliged and the two made out like they were still at Hogwarts. "I missed you," Ginny said in between kisses. "Me too," he replied. They continued to kiss for a while, losing themselves in each other, but soon they slowed. Their lips broke apart, but kept a firm grip on each other. Ginny pulled away enough to get a good look at his face and placed a small hand to his cheek. Her thumb traced his jawline as her eyes bore into his own. The deep green of his eyes never failed to make her melt, but tonight they were especially mesmerizing. "I wonder what I did to deserve you," he murmured. Ginny felt a blush rising in her cheeks, but tried to keep it at bay. "Haven't I told you? I'm in it for the fame and money," she said with a wink. Harry actually laughed aloud at that and the sound made her giggle too. "Well, that would make the most sense," he said as he tucked a piece of hair behind her ear. "What other explanation could there be?" she asked. He grinned at her and gave her another searing kiss. "I love you," he said. "I love you too." Ginny kissed him once more before deciding that they needed to clean up. She got up off of him and began to grab her plate, but Harry grabbed her hand. "Pour yourself another glass and go sit on the couch. I'll clean up,"