CHAPTER 1 "They say a strange mood has taken over the Queen today. That she looks to the North and sighs." His voice filled the silence that the whispering of branches and green leaves couldn´t quite dispel. Soon it turned provocative. "She has finally succumbed to the eccentricity of her people, worthy daughted of the Eldar, and went to talk to the plants." Arwen laughed and tilted her head to let her husband kiss it. Aragorn sat by her side in the stone bench. "I speak with the East wind," she corrected him. "And what does it say?" "Nothing. It comes alone." Aragorn sighed silently and turned his gaze to the Pelennor Fields, hundreds of feet below them. Arwen studied the creases of his forehead and his distracted eyes. "Didn´t the session go well?" "Dol Amroth and Lebenning are thrilled with the species and the fruits from Harad. With the chocolate especially. They are already preparing another trade agreement." "Why that face then?" "There has been another attack." Arwen frowned, copying her husband´s expression. It was the third attack of Rhun's forces that winter. North Ithilien and Anorien were on the edge of despair. The evacuations had already started. Minas Tirith had taken in most of those who hadn´t been able to live with the fear. "And what…?" Aragorn answered before she could finish the question. "Two burnt houses, five dead men, stolen grain stock… and two men and a girl have disappeared." Disappeared in Rhun's slave market. With those three, it had already claimed thirty men and women from Gondor. But neither of them said anything. It was one of the aspects of that issue that most worried Aragorn. "It must be one of the worst fates for a man born free," he had said to his wife after the first attack, upon learning the fate of some citizens of Cair Andros, disappeared as well. "Imagine the indignity of being sold like an animal. Being someone´s property and obey his will in everything. Never see your loved ones again… and be unable to decide your own fate." Arwen had insisted that they should do something for those people, order the Khan to free them or risk a war with Gondor. But they had never discussed their fate. "More troops must be sent," said Arwen. "I have already given the order. Tomorrow two more companies will leave" said Aragorn, and went silent. Ah, but Arwen knew her husband too well and knew there was more. He looked at him waiting for the rest of the story. Aragorn, feeling her gaze, said: "Each time more and more are in favour of the war. They say it is time to stop being two steps behind Rhun and that we cannot allow one more attack. That we have to send the army." "But you are not yet certain." Aragorn shook his head. "I would do anything to spare Gondor any more attacks but we don´t know yet that the Khan is behind the attacks. He may still uphold our Peace Treaty and the attackers may be rebels. If I bring them war, I will cause more death and destruction than necessary." "And doesn´t the Council think of the lost lives in case of war?" Arwen asked, puzzled. "Yes," her husband answered. "Of course they do, but they think that it would be a war that we would win easily, that our army is superior in both discipline and techniques and that they have more to lose. And they are the lives of our enemies. Rhun has always been an evil for Gondor; many families are broken thanks to them. And they are right. Who would choose to save the lives of his enemies and condemn his people?" Aragorn turned his gaze towards the East. The dark mountains of Mordor could be seen In the horizon, and beyond was the incandescent Rhun, with its deserts of fire, its palm trees and cypress with their smell of the sea breeze and juicy fruits, with its children running happy in the sand. And also with its streets and fields filled with slaves surrounded by their ragged and shabby prole that waited to be older to follow their parents to the same fate of slavery. But even they elevated their voices in songs of honour to that land. Rhun was the country of the blinding sun that inundated everything with energy, that only needed a small spark to erupt and let all of its hatred for Gondor escape. Those were his most vivid memories of his journey to that land. It was the home of his enemies, those who were killing and selling his people. And he was doing barely nothing, through his inaction he was allowing it. What if he sent the army? What if he brought them war, and through a total defeat forced them to stop attacking Anorien, and Cair Andros, and North Ithilien? What if he had already done it? How many lives could he have saved? Arwen guessed quickly his thoughts. A dozen years of marriage had made her the greatest expert on the mind of the King. She held firmly his face and said: "These attacks are not your fault." "I know. Someone has to think about those poor people if the Khan doesn't. If in the end it turns out he is behind the attacks." "Your ambassador will have to tell us when he comes back." Aragorn nodded absently. Amdil had departed for Num in November. His mission was to reach the Khan himself and demand an explanation and reparation for the attacks on Gondor. Verify that he still honoured his part of the Peace Treaty, in which case he would punish the attackers and return the stolen people to their country. Aragorn had decided not to ask for monetary reparation for the stolen food or the destroyed properties. It wasn't a life or death matter for Gondor, but it could very well be for Rhun, that in many provinces was bordering poverty and knew hunger too well. But for that he needed Amdil to come back and tell him that the Khan didn't sanction the attacks. He had set off with diplomatic protection; his safety should be respected in all of Rhun's roads. But it was mid-February and they had no news from him. He had, in all likelihood, perished. Rhun's hatred for Gondor was like a violent fire, and any traveller from Gondor was in danger in its roads. Nevertheless, formally, they still had a Peace Treaty signed after the fall of Sauron. Formally, Amdil's safety must be guaranteed and the Khan receive him with due hospitality. However, in all likelihood, he had never reached Num, and had been killed or enslaved on the road, or the Khan had never received him, in which case, Aragorn would have to consider it an act of war. And yet, he wasn't ready to give up hope of his return. "Will you come tomorrow to the Council session?" He answered his wife instead. "They are more willing to calm down and change their minds when you speak." Arwen smiled, leaning on his shoulder. Every new attack to Gondor was like a dagger to her heart, but thinking that she would have to let her husband go to war was almost more than she could bear. "Of course," she answered. Aragorn put his arm around her. His hand rested on her waist and his thumb caressed briefly, unconsciously, Arwen's stomach, who suddenly understood. Of course. The talk of war, and the possibility that the King could risk his life would have, inevitably, led the minds of the Council to the lack of heir to the throne, and to comments that had, years ago, stopped being discreet hints. One nobleman, with the best of intentions and glass of wine in hand, had dared to give the King a multitude of suggestions to impregnate his wife. The blessed topic had even made its way to one memorable Council session that Aragorn had left enraged. "They have said something again." Arwen sat up and looked to her husband. "About what?" "Our child. Or lack thereof." "How...?" "We said we would pay no mind to what was said. Let them be in a hurry, not us." "I'm not in a hurry anymore than you." Arwen smiled and pointed her finger at him. "Well played, Dunadan." And there was a good portion of the problem: they were both impatient; but they would rarely say it out loud to avoid putting any pressure on the other. "When they'll come, they'll come," Aragorn said. The sentence they have been repeating for years. But this time it seemed he had made a small change. "They? How many will come?" "Five or six." Arwen laughed, with only a hint of panic on her voice. "Obviously, it's not you giving birth to them." "They'll come when they come," he repeated, and then smiled looking at her. "Which doesn't mean we have to wait for them idly." And suddenly, Arwen was in his arms and he had turned in the direction of the Tower. "Now?" Arwen gasped. "But if we didn't even have dinner and..." But he didn't let her continue, and started climbing the stairs that led to the terrace that opened from their rooms. Aragorn had always kept open the sessions of the Council. Lords of all regions and fiefs of Gondor, and governors and mayors of even the smallest village could at any time attend or send representatives to the Court and participate actively in any Council session. For one to be held, it was necessary that at least a dozen chiefs claimed it. That day twenty five asked for it, and it was necessary to get installed in the Throne Room. Aragorn walked in with the Queen in his arm, and immediate silence ensued. Imrahil and Elmir, Lord of Anorien, sitting respectively to the right and left of the head of the table, where Aragorn sat, withdrew the chairs from the table and offered them to Arwen. She went to the right and took the chair that Imrahil offered. She ran her eyes over all the twenty five participants with a dazzling smile. "Gentlemen. It has been too long since the last time I joined your councils and thought it was time to rectify it." "It is an honour, Lady, as always," said Imrahil moving the seat next to hers. "I am certain that, as in my previous experiences, we will reach important agreements for the Kingdom, thanks to the wisdom and honour of its chief mandataries." Maybe only an outside observer would have noticed the slightly straighter backs, or the eyes oozing pride, but Aragorn knew what to expect and perceived the change immediately. He hid a smile. He knew that the Council would always respect his final decision, whatever it was, but he wanted them to understand his reasons. And for that, nothing better than to let Arwen speak to them. Every word she said was received by the men like a drop of water in the desert, and they always bowed to her desires. For Aragorn, it was truly a pity that Arwen didn't participate more in the Council sessions. She had more experience, wisdom and eloquence than all of them put together. After her thousands of years in those lands, she knew more about good ruling, commercial routes, taxes, treaties and agreements than any. Elrond's daughter had helped her father for hundreds of years, and apart from his knowledge, she had inherited his compassion and his justice. In Aragorn's opinion, Arwen alone would have ruled Gondor much better than any King in its history. But despite Aragorn's insistence, she rarely got involved in government discussions. "I have a few, precious years with you," she said, "and I think it is a waste to lock myself for hours to argue. As far as I have seen, most of the discussions of Men in times of peace