Beta by LanaLee1 The little prick breaks up with me! Tells me I'm not good enough and that I will never see him again, now here I am running off to Italy to save his sorry arse so he doesn't get his sparkly dick fried! I just can't get a break! . . . Here let me elaborate. Hi, I'm Isabella Marie Swan but call me Izzy. I live in Forks, Washington with my father Charlie Swan who's the Chief of Police. I attend Forks High School with some of my close friends whose names are Jessica Stanley, Angela Weber and Lauren Mallory. (I know! Shocking right?) I am currently living the single life and LOVING it! Lets just say my life changed a whole lot when Dickward and his prissy little family left. After the sparkly ass freak left me in the woods, I was found 10 hours later and I was almost dead with hypothermia. I was a pathetic, weak bitch for 4 months! It wasn't until Jess confronted me at school by yelling at me to get a grip! She dragged me to the girls toilets and shoved me in front of a mirror. "Look at your self Bella! Its not healthy!" Looking at myself in the mirror, I appeared to be nothing like the girl I remembered. I saw a girl who was borderline anorexic. My clothes were hanging off of me and my hair was limp and lifeless. My skin looked forcibly stretched on my face, my eyes were empty and void of all emotions. "Is that me?" I whispered. Jess nodded sadly then said "If that's not enough to convince you, then when you get home look at Charlie". With that statement, Jess walked out. When the bell rang at the end of the day, I rushed to my car. Before I drove off, I looked at Jess, mouthed a thank you and she nodded at me. When I got home, no one was there, so I decided to order Pizza. Charlie arrived before the Pizza did. He looked shocked to see me. Then, I really looked at my Dad for the first time in months. He too had lost an unhealthy amount of weight, his face was pale and tired and from the looks of his eyes, he hadn't slept much either. I guessed it was my fault, he was worrying about me. When I finished looking at him, I burst out crying before launching myself at him. He stumbled around in shock. "Bella?" he asked uncertainly. "I'm so sorry Daddy! Its all my fault!" He looked angry at what, I'd I said and clutched me tighter against him. "Never!" He told me as we stood there until t he doorbell rang. I went to answer it and paid for the Pizza, I told Charlie to start without me while I used the phone, he nodded and turned on the T.V. I dialed a number I hadn't called in a while and waited. "Hello?" Jess's voice asked softly. "Fancy going shopping?" I asked as I heard her gasp in shock. "Bella?" The next day we skipped school, along with Angela and Lauren. We went to the hairdressers first because Lauren said that my hair need the most work other than my weight. I ended up dying my hair darker and had the hairdresser do the top layer so it faded into a dark blonde. I paid for it tipped the hairdresser and then we started the real work of finding me a whole new wardrobe. We had figured out that I was now a size seven because of the amount of weight I had lost but I decided to get a size nine so I could fit into them when I put on more weight. I was originally size 11 before everything happened. At the end of the day I had a whole new wardrobe and instead of getting my usual denim and converse I ended up getting leather and heels. I started to socialize more, going to house party's and clubs. The girls showed me how to do my make up and after some hard work and time my weight was finally a healthy size nine and my clothes didn't fall off me anymore. I found out about Jake and the pack when I went down to La Push and hit Paul in the face for calling Jess a slut, He ended up phasing in front of us. After a lot of explaining from the pack, we ended up going to La Push every weekend having bonfires, picnics, drinking, partying and all that jazz. Paul and I hit it off particularly well, then later became fuck buddies. Jake was a little bit protective but not jealous because he had imprinted on Angela . Jake also taught me how to ride a motorcycle, which was a whole new challenge and world of its own. When Charlie found out he really blew a gasket (No pun intended.) being Chief of police and all. When he finally settled down, he told me, "well if you're happy, I'm happy as long as I don't have to wipe up the road with you" walking off to watch the game. Because I love riding so much, he actually brought me my own Ducati, I don't think I've never screamed so much in my life. While hanging out one weekend, the girls and I decided we should take pole dancing lessons which surprisingly helped my balance and coordination causing me to be so much less clumsy. After I begged and begged, Paul to take me cliff diving, he eventually gave into my pleas and took me to the cliffs to dive into the ocean because nobody can resist my puppy dog face. It was an absolute rush! Afterward, we all stayed on La Push beach drinking an celebrating until one in the morning. Me, being the stupid idiot I am, went straight to drinking vodka shots. Luckily, I'm don't behave any differently when I'm drunk even though I still get a killer hangover the next day Sam called around one fifteen that morning to tell us Harry Clearwater had died of a heart attack. Every one had gone into shock. Jake dropped Angela and I off home and that's where, ladies and gentleman, saving Fuckward's life comes in... . . Someone was at my house when Jake dropped me off. It looked like Carlisle's car so he was pissed and told me to "Just try and stay safe yeah? If anything happens, yell. I will come running in, treaty or not! They have been fucked with you long enough for me to not give a shit!" Jake told Izzy looking at the familiar black car in distaste. "I will. Jake, I'm not that stupid! I'm not about to let the fuckers ruin me again! I think they have done enough of it to last me a lifetime, don't you?" I replied, rolling my eyes as I stepped out of the car. " Send my love to the Clearwater's for me? Leah and Seth must be in so much pain, I don't know what I would do if I lost Charlie." "I will don't worry but I'm not leaving until you give me the all clear." "Okay, love you." I said through the truck window before I turned to walk to the front door. "Love you too!" I heard hears Jake shout as I laughed and rolled my eyes before I opened the unlocked door even though Charlie's cruiser wasn't in the driveway. I walked in the house, turned on the lights and right there in front of me was Alice Cullen looking at me in shock. "Are you going to move Cullen? I kind of need to put on some dry clothes" I said in a bored voice. "B-but your d-dead! I saw you die! You jumped off a cliff! Why would you do that?" Alice shouts at her. "Well obviously I'm not dead because if I were, I would not be here and much to my displeasure, talking to you" I said rolling my eyes at her. "It seems your power is failing you." Oh, and why did I jump? Simply because it's fun." "Fun? Fun! Bella are you stupid? You could have gotten yourself killed!" Alice shrieked. "First off Cullen don't ever call me Bella again! That is not my name and hasn't been for a very long time! But I guess you wouldn't know that now would you? Second, don't ever call me stupid in my own house, I will call the police and have you for breaking and entering" I said in a deadly whisper making Alice flinch. "Everything alright here?" Jake's voice echo's through the door "I heard shouting" he said walking in to the living glaring at Alice. "What's that dog doing here!" Alice gasped. "Are you suicidal Isabella! Werewolves are dangerous company to keep!" "You can't really say much, I hung out with you, didn't I?" I replied, walking up the stairs. "Try not to kill each other, I'm going to get changed and I would appreciate it if the house was in order when I come back down. You know what? One of you just go outside, yeah? "Well you heard her dog, out you go." Alice told Jake who smirked at her. "I think she meant you bloodsucker, it's been a while since you left, I think she trusts us dog's more than she does you parasites." Alice huffed and walked out. I walked down in my dry clothes to see Jake on the phone. I had put on some stone wash skinny jeans with rips in them, they made my legs look miles long and the tight black tank top I had on showed my cleavage and a strip of skin before it reached the top of my jeans. The outfit showed off all my curves. On my feet were a pair of black ankle boots with a gold zip up the side and gold studs up the back. I paired the outfit with grey studded bracelet. I'd painted my lips red and my hair was messed up like I'd just had sex. (Outfit on my page.). When Jake hung up he looked her up and down with a smile. "You look nice. Paul would bang you straight away if he saw you now," he told her making her laugh. "Why thank you, I know it seems a little too much but I have a feeling she'll want me to go with her" I told him and he looked at me with his jaw hanging. "And your going to go with her? Just like that? What about everything they put you through!" Jake asked me. "Yes, I'm going to go with her if she insists on me going to Volterra. Just trust me Jake, I want to make them regret everything they did to me" I smirked making Jake shiver. We had finished talking when Alice appeared in front of them looking frantic. "Bella you need to come with me! Rosalie told Edward you were dead. H's gone to the Volturi! He wants to die too." Alice cried and I growled at her use of my old name. "I will go get my bag. Jake, you go tell the others everything I just told you and please make them understand especially Jess! Alice, you go start the car" I told them before going upstairs. I packed some spar e clothes, my make up, perfume and picked up my phone, it's charger and my iPod before I left to save Dickward. At Carlisle's car, I told Jake, "Love you" then we hugged and I kissed him on the cheek before getting in the car. "Tell the others I love them too and ring me! I have a feeling it will be an interesting night." I told him before Alice sped off. As we pulled away, I plugged in my iPod