This was my entry to Journey into Dark and Twisted Twific contest. I was delighted to win joint second place in the judges vote, goriest award and it was personal pick for two of the six judges. It has since been expanded to a three part story, chapters two and three will post sometime over the next week or so. Special thanks to my pre reader, Keye Cullen and my beta, Rita01TX, these ladies are the power behind my words. You ladies rock my world. WARNING:- This story is dark and twisted, there will be character death, please don't read on if that will be a problem for you. Disclaimer:-I don't own Twilight or the original characters, this is for fun, no copywrite infringement is intended. Compulsion Chapter one. Fuck! Watching Edward take a long hard drag on his cigarette while his hands and chest were still daubed with fresh blood was the most erotic thing I'd seen in a long time. I could smell the damned thing, of course. It's aroma familiar and tempting, pulling me in. Just seeing the way his lips pursed on the filter while his cheeks hollowed out to suck the hot smoke into his lungs had an effect on me. He shivered, feeling the instant, calming relief flood through his system. His eyes slid half-way closed and his jaw flexed as the tension ebbed from his body. It was a habit I'd managed to quit three years ago but, on nights like this, it was so much harder to fight the urge to reach across and light one up. He glanced down at himself and raised an eyebrow as he ran the blood-stained fingers of his free hand over his freshly shaven chest and down to his abdomen. His fingers left a trail of swirly red patterns over his smooth flesh. I was touched by his concern when he made sure to blow out the huge puff of smoke from the corner of his mouth, taking special care to twist his head and aim it away from me. He knows it wouldn't take much to get me to start up again. He smirked when he realized I was staring. I couldn't help myself; it was so sensual, seeing how the precious, crimson fluid smeared across his pale skin. I'm fascinated by how it clings to the lines of his body, sticky and glistening in the sickly yellow lamplight. He reeked of it…blood and smoke, a mixture of death and passion. He was magnificent. I felt myself getting hard just looking at him. Not because of his nakedness. His body is my body, there's nothing to excite me there. It's the blood. For me it has always been about the blood. "Stop looking like you want one. You know these things'll kill you," he said, ignoring both my eyes and my growing erection. Instead, he took another drag before flicking the ash from the tip. I watched it drift down to settle on the plastic sheeting with which we'd carefully covered the floor. "We've all gotta go some way," I mumbled. He started to peel the polythene sheets from the walls and my eyes flickered momentarily to the woman in the bathtub, her wrist draped over the edge. Long red nails and the way her fingers were curled made her hand look like a claw. I tried to remember her name and drew a blank. It was something foreign-sounding with a K…Kemi or Kebi, possibly. I wasn't sure, but it didn't matter. She didn't need a name anymore. She was just another crime statistic now. I felt a jolt of excitement in anticipation of her obligatory appearance on the news. Edward threw the sheeting to the floor before slipping into the bathroom and turning on the shower. He ran a finger along her arm as he strolled past before scratching his naked ass, leaving a smear of red across one cheek. Ke…, whatever her name was, would be reported as a woman last seen leaving a club after talking to a tall blonde stranger with thick stubble and a full sleeve of ink before checking into a hotel room alone, only to be found dead and mysteriously drained the next day. I watched him check the gashes in her neck and stomach before stepping into the shower and letting the hot spray wash the evidence of our depraved compulsions and his cigarette butt down the drain. Speaking of draining, she was emptying nicely. It wouldn't be long until we could make the switch without too much mess. I let my hand fall to my engorged cock and allowed myself a couple of firm strokes up and down its length. I couldn't risk ejaculating in case a rogue droplet landed on the now uncovered wall or lampshade, but I could afford a couple of minutes to bring myself down from my high. As far as I knew, no one ever died from masturbationus interruptus. Yeah, I just made that shit up. I moved my hand languidly and let my mind drift, remembering back to the hook-up. I'd arrived at the club early, checking the crowd for what we needed. Not that we were ever very choosy. Female was the main requirement. She didn't need to fit a specific profile. We weren't particularly angry with blondes or redheads. It didn't need to be someone who reminded us of an abusive relative. That shit was just creepy. Besides, we were lucky. Both our childhoods, although separate, had been as close to idyllic as you could get. The fact we didn't stick with any particular "type" worked in our favor. Seven murders across seven different states and no one had connected them...yet. While I sipped my sparkling water through the short straw I'd brought with me, I scoped around for the woman who would be tonight's star performer. Edward was already in the theater, watching a performance of Cats. I checked my watch, knowing it had to be close to intermission time. He would be visiting the bar, making sure to trip and spill his drink on someone before the second half started. He needed to hand them my business card and insist they send him the dry cleaning bill. It was vital he was seen and remembered by as many people as possible. He was providing my alibi. It was hot in the club and my wig itched like a bitch but I ignored the urge to scratch my head. I didn't want any of the security cameras to pick up on it moving. I wasn't going to all this trouble to make such an amateur error. My hands were already sweating under the thin latex gloves. The powder on the inside did little to absorb my perspiration but, in the poor light they didn't look obvious the way leather ones would. I could ignore the discomfort. I choose, instead, to focus on the bubbling excitement in my gut. This part of the scheme was always deliciously empowering. For the next half hour or so, I was God, wielding the ultimate power of life or death over anyone in the club unfortunate enough to catch my eye. I adjusted my position on my stool for comfort as I felt a shiver of almost sexual excitement at the anticipation of making my selection. I spotted her, wobbling and slightly unfocussed after drinking a little too much. The red and blue flashing lights painted her in ghastly hues. She seemed to be alone. I guessed her to be older than me by ten, maybe twelve years. No rings and no indentation or tan marks hinted where one might regularly sit. Low cut top, too short skirt and slut shoes made it obvious. She was a cougar on the prowl for a younger man. Well, tonight she was going to hit the jackpot with two energetic young bucks for the price of one. I'd booked the cheap hotel room and Broadway show tickets months ago, being careful to use my real name. I didn't employ smoke and mirrors. I preferred to hide in plain sight. It tested my intellect and added to the thrill. Google helped immensely, allowing me to view layouts of the floors of the hotel and even to check out the exterior. I chose the hotel carefully. The rooms at the rear had fire escapes with balconies connecting three lots of rooms together. Best of all, there was no security camera in the alley running along the back. I made sure to request a room without a view, explaining how I was traveling alone and only needed a bed to crash for the night after taking in a show. It worked like a charm and I was allocated a nice, quiet room facing a brick wall at the rear of the building. Two days after receiving the confirmation with my room number, Edward made a trip out of town to send a typed letter to the hotel. He booked the adjoining numbered room for two nights in the name of Mr. J. Black, explaining it was to be a surprise anniversary treat, since that was the very room where the Blacks first spent a night together. How lovely…an evening revisiting the flea pit with a view of the dumpster where you first bumped uglies. Even I was more romantic than that and I'm nefarious. A cash payment was enclosed, together with a request to confirm the room was available via text message to a cell phone, unregistered of course. Heaven forbid they tip off Mrs. Black to the booking and spoil the surprise. This was pivotal to the plan and waiting for the reply gave us a nerve wracking three-day wait. If the message said "no can do," the whole scenario would have to be aborted and a fresh city and hotel selected. Yesterday, I made a call to the hotel to confirm they were fully booked and, on my way to the club tonight, I made another call from a public pay phone posing as Mr. Black. I cancelled our second booking with an apology for wasting their time and requested they keep the payment since it was such short notice. I was so lucky to have found Edward. We were a perfect team…two sides of the same twisted coin. He was the ruthless butcher who thrilled in the savagery of the kill, needing to feel the rush of power being in control gave him as he drained a life force. He was always the one to draw the blade. However, his eagerness made him sloppy. I was the brains, the voyeur, the one who preferred to watch and the one who knew how to cover our tracks. It was funny how we had developed such similar tendencies and quirks, a clear example of nature winning out over nurture. We grew up a hundred miles apart and while Edward was finding himself by strangling cats and dissecting live frogs, I was fascinated by the grotesqueness of death. I picked up road kill, preserving the specimens in their twisted final death throes. My adopted parents quickly labeled my morbid curiosity as an interest in science and the early signs that might one day lead me to a career as a surgeon or a veterinarian. I scoff at their naivety. They were even happy for me to keep my formaldehyde-soaked freak show on a shelf in my bedroom. When puberty came along and masturbating to the macabre images wasn't quite doing it for me, I slowly realized it was the lack of blood. My collection was all clean and yellowed in their fluid-filled jars but I needed to see the thick, red substance and, if it was flowing, then that was even better. It was why I started to cut myself…my legs, mainly. I knew scars on the forearms were hard to cover up and quickly drew unwanted attention. Only those who were crying for help chose that spot.