Disclaimer:- I don't own Twilight or the original characters, this is written for fun and no copyright infringement is intended. Honestly, my writing is like buses, I make you wait for ages then three come along at once. This is another dark piece. If you've read my profile, you'll know, I also post on a site called Free Writers and Readers. They recently ran a contest to write a 500 word drabble featuring Jacob with a Halloween theme. I entered, then immediately got excited about expanding the idea. I know for some of you, wolf fics may not be your bag, but this one is all about the story and I would love you to give it a go. Thanks as always go to my pre reader, Keye Cullen, who said it is one of the best things I've written and my beta, Rita01TX, who really, really, really liked it too. Special thanks to Leech Lover Claudia for the kick ass Banner. WARNING:- This is another dark and twisted offering. There will be character death. I'm also aware that vamp venom is meant to be poisonous to the wolf pack, (which is a bit silly, when you think how easy it would be for a vamp to sink a bite in) but since I'm the boss of my little fan fiction world I'm bending the rules. Metamorphosis of a Killer – Jacob's Story I caught his scent first; a putrid, sickly sweet top note with an unpleasant musty undertone. Even from this distance, with my nose held low among the damp earth and foliage, it attacked the back of my throat and made me want to gag. Eau de Leech. I'd recognize it at a hundred paces. "Fan out." Sam's baritone filtered into our brains and we instantly obeyed, moving almost silently to the edge of the clearing. There he stood, exposed in the sunlight. The dark tone of what passed for his skin glistened and cast rainbow effects on the ground around him. Well, I wouldn't know how else to describe it. You wouldn't exactly call the leech's smooth exterior a skin. It was more like stone; hard and impenetrable to human touch but brittle and crumbly to our adapted fangs and teeth. I licked my lips at the prospect of tearing into it. I hadn't seen this one before. He might be one of the Cullen's feral cousins and he wasn't alone; there was a human with him. From this angle, I couldn't see the poor son of a bitch but the fragile aroma of their terror wafted across the clearing. We'd really have to hot foot it to save him before the sharp toothed bastard decided to strike. "Hold back!" Sam's order made me grind my teeth. So far, I hadn't pushed to be the Alpha. He was doing a great job of holding the fledgling pack together and coaching the newbies before I phased and I know he has the good of the townsfolk at heart so I let things be, for now. But here's the thing; there was something in me, buried deep in my DNA, bubbling to the surface. Maybe it was the knowledge of my bloodline and the ancient rites of passage that were ingrained in my psyche but I didn't know how long it would be before the urge to assume my rightful place as leader engulfed me and I challenged him outright for the control of the pack. The vampire in the clearing shifted his position, slowly moving around his victim, prolonging their torture like a shark circling a life raft, and I finally caught sight of the prey. It was Bella Swan. Quivering with fear and curving in on herself, she looked like she was trying to make herself small enough for him to lose sight of her. Not a chance. Once these bloodsuckers exposed themselves to a human, death was a foregone conclusion. She couldn't bring herself to look at him, her hand instinctively fluttering at her throat, subconsciously trying to protect her jugular. I'd always hated their kind. It killed me inside whenever I had to watch Bella mooning over that creepy Edward Cullen. I just couldn't see the attraction for either party, putting aside the fact he's a walking corpse. What was the deal with wanting to shack up with a predator? Or your food source, for that matter. After all, I've never see a mouse share a bed with a cat or a lion with a lamb. It wasn't natural. The day he left, I almost hung out a flag. If it wasn't that she was so heartbroken, I'd have thrown a party. Seeing the glint in that monster's eye as he prolonged her agony had my blood boiling. What the fuck was he doing? Did it somehow improve the blood's flavor if the victim was petrified before he sank his teeth into their neck and drained them? My heart was thumping against my rib cage, claws flexing into the cool soil beneath my feet as every muscle in my body tightened and coiled ready to spring forward and take him out. That was my Bella he was messing with. The girl I wanted and the one I would have had if it wasn't for that other sparkly skinned parasite getting in there first. The vamp before us touched a long icy finger to her chin, tilting her head and forcing her to look at him, and I saw red. My lips curved away from my teeth as a low, throaty snarl escaped my throat. Sam, who was positioned three or four feet away, twisted his massive head and shot me a warning look. I pawed the ground, letting him know the time for being a voyeur had passed. He read my expression and nodded before giving the direct order to charge. "He's mine!" I howled as we broke through from the coverage of the trees and brushes, fur snagging on brittle branches. Bella heard the sound as a ferocious growl and almost collapsed to the damp grass at the sight of a full pack of oversize, snarling, slavering wolves pounding the ground. Her legs buckled as her poor human mind struggled to comprehend the collection of fairytale monsters these enchanted woods concealed. I didn't have time to check if she was okay; I had a target to hit. The leech's reaction enhanced the experience for me. His jaw dropped open and his red eyes bulged at the sight of us bearing down. In a flash, he spun on his heels and started to make off for the trees at the other side of the clearing, dreadlocks streaming out behind him as he ran for his life. He was fast but I was faster, adrenaline flooding my bloodstream, giving me the extra boost I needed to push myself that little bit harder. In a few beats, I would have closed the gap completely. He glanced over his shoulder and squealed in panic when he realized how close I was to catching him. His scent was intense and cloying, tempered only by the oozing aroma of his fear. How fitting…the executioner afraid to face the jaws of death. I was only a foot away by then and altered my pace to allow for making a leap at his back. As if he sensed my plan, he skidded to a stop, his bare feet puckering the earth as they dug deep into the soft soil. He turned towards me, a smirk plastered on his face. "Such a shame you surprised me. She would have made a delicious last meal." He tossed his head back and laughed, snapping my tenuous grip on sanity. I pulled back before launching myself at him, my front paws making contact with his shoulders. It was like hitting a wall. He shoved back, trying to crush my ribs but, eventually, I managed to knock him to the ground. I stood over him, snarling and letting big gobs of saliva drip to his chest, wanting him to know how his victims felt when he toyed with them. His claw-like fingers dug into the fur of my chest as he desperately tried to keep my teeth at arm's length. I heard the heavy slap of my brothers' paws on the ground as they followed lead and knew I had to end this. I brought my head down to snap at his throat but, before I could tear through it, he shifted beneath me and I felt a sharp stab to my own neck. I howled, trying to shake him off, but he clung like a tick, his mouth moving as he bit down even harder. I didn't know what he was doing since I'd never heard of a vamp wanting to drain a wolf before. The way their faces contorted when they inhaled our lupine odor told me they found us particularly unappealing and I guessed the taste of our blood would be even more intense. What was he, some kind of sick masochist? Eventually, he released me, his body falling back to the grass. I was too stunned to react. He twisted his head and puked as he spat out a mouthful of my blood before looking me in the eye with a satisfied grin on his face. I tilted my head in confusion as he belly-laughed, which turned into coughing and choking as a dribble of my blood tried to slip down his throat. I was instantly aware something wasn't right. My limbs felt weakened and a burning pain was radiating from the puncture wound down past my shoulder and spreading quickly, engulfing my whole body in fiery pain. I whimpered as my legs gave out and I collapsed onto his chest, panting for air. "A parting gift. Enjoy it and remember me always," he whispered what would be his last words in my ear. Sam came bounding into view and my head lolled to the side. I watched with sideways vision as he swiftly tore the bastard limb-from-limb, ending him. I was completely immobilized by pain. Was it hours, days or weeks? I didn't have a clue how long it had been since that sadistic vamp injected me with his venom. I was slipping in and out of consciousness, unable to crack my eyes open. The light was too bright, sharpening the pain. Was I in human or wolf form? I had no idea. I tried to force my fingers to move, or was it still a paw, hoping to feel either fur or flesh beneath them but even the slightest movement brought fresh agonies. I gave up trying. It didn't matter. I wasn't going anywhere in this state. "Come on, Jacob. Just take a sip...please?" Leah spoke softly, close to my ear before pouring some sweet tasting liquid into my mouth. I let it sit there a moment before trying to swallow. My throat was raw, as if it was lined with blisters. I grumbled and felt her cool hand press against my forehead. It soothed the burn and I moaned when she pulled it away. "How's he doing?" Sam asked, his deep velvet tone as familiar as my own. "He doesn't seem to be getting any better." Leah's voice cracked and my heart lurched. She was always so tough and fierce, the only female to run with our macho pack. It stabbed me to know I'd been the one to break through her hard shell. "I'm so frightened for him." Sam cleared his throat. I couldn't see but I imagined he was probably giving her an awkward embrace. He was the Alpha and knew he had to do the best for his pack but offering comfort to the girl whose heart he had already trampled on was going to be difficult, even for him. "Has Carlisle found anything out?" Embry. His voice small and watery. Fuck , how many people were hanging around in here? I strained my ears to hear