Title: Infatuation Rated: PG-13 Warnings: Slash Summary: Aragorn finds himself infatuated with a certain elf prince. The elf is as aloof as the mythical unicorn and as cold as the ice caps of Caradhras yet my eyes rarely stray from him whenever we are in the same room. He is always polite, yet speaks with casual indifference. He infuriates me and intrigues me. He nods as he passes me in the halls, always seemingly too busy to actually stop to converse with me. The rare times we speak are usually at dinner where conversation is actually quite impossible due to the constant chatter of those present. How I miss the quiet of the House of Elrond. A brief glance confirms that he does have a sprightly personality as well. He stifles an unprincely smirk in his napkin as a male elf tells a joke. I swallow my wine and avert my eyes lest jealousy gets the better of me. Moments later I resume eating and once more my eyes stray to the prince's elegant fingers, clenched around a silver goblet. His nails are perfectly cut and smooth, unlike my own which are brittle and perpetually grimy. He appears pampered and then I notice the deep scabbing that is common for one who constantly handles a bow. I look down at my own weathered hands and I can't help but smile. Someone engages me in conversation and Legolas is forgotten for a moment. *** At night the heat is oppressive and sleep eludes me. I find myself outdoors walking to the practice field. Stopping short, I realize that I am intruding. My elusive elf is here, seemingly preoccupied with his bow to notice me. I stay very still as the elf damages target after target with his beautiful bow. The night is dark and the target far for my mortal eyes to see yet I know he hits the mark every time. He doesn't turn when he speaks. "Lord Aragorn, has something disturbed your rest?" I start, wondering how long he knew I stood there. Stepping closer, I bow respectfully as I answer. "Highness, forgive my intrusion. I felt the need for fresh air and perhaps a bit of target practice." Finally he turns to look at me and regards me blankly before responding. "I assume the hand has healed?" I look down at my bandaged hand which the foul creature Gollum almost made a meal of and shrug. "For the most part, yes." My eyes settle on his and for a moment, neither of us speaks. His expression is guarded, yet not unkind and once more I find myself admiring his beauty. He is casually garbed yet his stance is regal and elegant. He is every bit his father's son, with golden hair and eyes that would make every maiden seethe with jealousy. Yet Legolas is no maiden and could easily overpower and kill me right now if he so wished. And the thought is exceedingly seductive. Legolas breaks my reverie as he fires his last arrow, barely even looking at the target. "The field is yours, my lord." Legolas waves in the direction of the targets and walks past me, back to the castle. I let him. *** My weeks pass uneventfully, yet I am unwilling to depart. The King has already given me leave to stay for as long as I wished. I find the land of Mirkwood interesting and dark. My real reason for staying far longer than I would have is Legolas. I have no goal or purpose in regards to the prince, but I truly wish to know him better. Unfortunately we are both rarely in the same room and I get the paranoid feeling that he is purposely avoiding me. There is no way to be certain of course, but my instincts are usually quite good. My musings are stopped short as King Thranduil intercepts me in my daily walk. My curiosity is piqued as Thranduil explains the interruption. "Lord Aragorn, may I interest you in a private dinner tonight, with myself and my son? There has been very little conversation between us I'm afraid. I realize the Great Hall may not provide the conversation one usually seeks." He appears amused and I cannot help my heart from fluttering as I humbly accept his rare invitation. To dine with the prince- practically by ourselves. I can barely wait till then. After rummaging in the wardrobe for my most appealing outfit, bathing and combing my hair, I calmly walk to the King's chambers, slowing as I spot a mirror and examining my reflection. Satisfied, I knock and am immediately admitted. Legolas is, unfortunately not in attendance yet so I engage the King in light conversation. Moments later, a knock sounds and Legolas marches in looking slightly perturbed about something. He stops short and appears startled to find me there. I bow and smile at the perplexed looking prince. "Legolas, you are very late," Thranduil gently chides. "Our guest is starved." I start to immediately protest but Legolas cuts me off. "Forgive the lateness father, Lord Aragorn. It could not have been avoided. We had an injured elf on our patrol this eve." Thranduil appears worried. "Oh? What has occurred?" Legolas appears to want to sigh, then remembers that I am in the room. Frowning slightly, he speaks of the dangerous arachnids that infest the forest. "Finwë will be fine, it was a small bite." The matter settled, we sit down at the small table, awaiting our meal. Once more, Thranduil turns to me for conversation. I oblige with news from Imladris and the wilds, as well as my travels with the rangers. Legolas stays silent throughout. The wine is divine and the conversation, jovial and pleasant, yet my mind and eyes wander to the stoic elf methodically placing food into the perfect mouth, not making any attempt at speech. Knowing this was probably my last chance to really converse with the prince, I pick a topic that I feel would most interest him and take the lead. "My prince, do you go often on border patrol?" He looks up at me with a guarded expression as he finishes chewing his meat. "As often as I can. Or when I am sent." He looks down at his meal once more as I refrain from grinding my teeth in frustration. Decidedly stubborn, I persist. "How young were you when you started with archery? I must admit that it was never my favorite type of sport. I prefer the long sword myself." Legolas clears his throat before speaking. "I do not remember how young I was- a sword is much easier to learn than archery, which naturally takes some patience and restraint. Not everyone can master the bow as easily as a sword." I ignore the not-so-veiled jibe at my lack of skill. "You mean like yourself? I have never seen such a shot." It is Thranduil that responds, surprising me. "Legolas is the finest archer in Mirkwood, in Lorien even," he adds with a slight smile. "Father." Legolas's voice is low but even. "There is no need to bore Ara-Lord Aragorn with boasts of my skills. He has seen me shoot. He can be the judge of that." He looks slightly perturbed but at whom, I cannot know yet. I smile, assessing the flustered elf. "You are very modest, your highness. I can only assume your father is correct in his assessment of your skill, for I was barely able to witness it." He gives me a curious look before turning a glare on his father, who seems to be amused at the situation. Legolas shakes his head and sighing, returns to his meal. A silky braid slides forward over Legolas's shoulder and practically falls in his plate. He flings the offensive pleat back with an annoyed gesture and sits back in his chair, clearly perturbed. I blink and try not to react to the rare display of exasperation. A knock on the door sounds and Thranduil excuses himself, apologizing. I am left alone with the clearly annoyed prince and my mind races for something to speak of. I cough. "Your home is quite spectacular, Prince Legolas. So different from any other." He turns to look at me and for a moment I fear I have said the wrong thing. "Lord Aragorn, I have been to your home Rivendell and to the glorious woods of Lorien and I can assure you that your compliments about the monstrosity that Mirkwood has become are entirely unwelcome. Perhaps if you had visited five hundred years ago, I would have believed you sincere. Do excuse me." He leaves without looking back and I am left speechless and more than hurt. Once more, the night offers no peace or slumber. I make my decision to leave by week's end. I ignore Legolas at breakfast and I try not to stare at his hands again. Or how differently his hair looks or how well his tunic matches his eyes. I swallow my wine with one gulp and leave the hall. I write home to let father know to expect me in about three week's time. I make sure to let the King know of my plans as well. Matters taken care of, I make my way to the training field. The sight I find stops me cold. Two elves are sparring, one with a curved sword, one with long daggers. Both are shirtless and immediately I notice that one of them is Legolas. He clutches his twin blades, a look of complete concentration etched on his face, as he circles, eyeing his prey. Elves surround the pair, cheering or clapping. I come closer and someone slaps my back in greeting. I have no idea who it is since my eyes are for Legolas only. The view is spectacular. The second elf looks desperate and slightly nervous as he dodges Legolas's attack. They spar for a few more minutes until Legolas swiftly knocks the sword from the elf's hand. The move was so quick, I barely caught it. Amazed, I clap with the others as Legolas smiles at his opponent, clasping his hand. The smile is so genuine and surprising that I find myself slightly flustered. "Who is next?" The clear voice startles me out of my wicked thoughts and I look around in question. "Let the mortal have a go. I have yet to see him fight," the elf standing next to me states. I start to refuse, then reconsider. I would surely lose and I have no doubt that Legolas would use this to embarrass me in any way he could. And yet, I have wanted nothing more than to be near him my entire time here. I lift my head in acknowledgment and stare at the prince. His expression is unreadable. Finally, he swiftly nods. He points to his far right. "Choose your weapon, my lord." I turn and notice the array of swords and daggers lying on a wooden table. They are all beautiful weapons but I immediately pick up the familiar long sword and approach the still shirtless elf. I swallow and try to quell the nervousness that is slowly seeping through my veins. The crowd, judging from their calls, is clearly cheering for Legolas, which is the norm, I assume. It would not do to go against a prince, of course. I ignore them though in favor of the placid looking elf in front of me. Though his last match appeared brutally tiring, there is not a speck of moisture on his flawless skin nor any evidence of past exhaustion. I envy him this as I know I am mismatched. Being a mere mortal and completely blind as to the prince's talents, I cannot possibly match him for skill or speed or even strength. I can only imagine that that is the only reason he did not object to the spar. My heart is racing as I take