Disclaimer: I own nothing except Aearlin himself, and the plot bunnies. Please, don't let the plot bunnies starve! Feed them review-carrots! Okay, so technically, this doesn't have much of a plot. I meant it solely to introduce my original character, Aearlin. Since I have some experience writing Erestor, I figured I'd use him as the catalyst to get Aearlin to open up. I honestly had no intention of this going down a fluffy, romantic road, but it did. Proof that these elves in my head have minds of their own. Go figure. I can't control them. *frustrated huff inserted here* I also recognize that Aearlin is a bit Gary-stu-ish. I promise this is not the case - but it is unfortunate that in this particular fic, his flaws are not shown. It is also difficult when working with elves in general, for they are (more often than not) far better than men when it comes to grace, strength, and wisdom. If I write him again, I will attempt to show the faults I have given him. In this particular case, I beg you to ignore it and simply enjoy the short drabble for what it is - an introduction to Aearlin, and Erestor all flustered, which doesn't happen all that often. Any being residing within the sanctuary of Imladris would tell you - Erestor did not get frustrated easily. He had cleaned up after elflings, fought in fierce battles, dealt with stubborn dignitaries, and put up with the incessant complaints of Glorfindel in regards to Thranduil's rule over the Greenwood, which the blond Balrog slayer claimed was greatly misguided, however fond they all were over the son of Oropher. He had written a good number of the scrolls and volumes that now lined the Library which Elrond often ventured in, and was considered to be both quick with sword and tongue. But this current situation was driving him absolutely batty. Since beginning his current employ as adviser to Elrond Half-Elven (admittedly many centuries ago), Erestor had oft heard of a certain phenomenon occurring within the Misty Mountains that puzzled him. Rumors of an elven ghost would randomly invade Imladris, which of course was absolutely absurd. Elves did not remain in this world as ghosts when they died. They passed to the Halls of Mandos, and then when ready, were either reborn here, or in the Undying Lands, west across the sea. Which meant that this 'ghost' was either half-elven and had chosen his human heritage, then died a horrible death so as to remain fixed on this earth, or ... he was alive. A feral elf, so to speak. It wasn't beyond the realm of possibility, at least. In fact, of all of the unlikely scenarios that ran through his head to explain the situation, this one was the most probable. And the most frustrating for him. He wanted to SEE this elf for himself. He wanted to meet him, interrogate him and learn who he was. Where he was from. He'd even gone so far as to badger Elrond on a handful of occasions, who had only said - and quite cryptically at that - that the Ghost wished his privacy, and that Imladris owed him at least enough to respect that, if not far more. The adviser had huffed when he heard that, earning an amused chuckle out of his Lord. Elrond KNEW something, and he wasn't allowing Erestor the slightest hint as to what it was. It was evil of Elrond to do that to him! Pure evil! He sighed, pushing up from the desk he was currently sitting in front of. The thick, burgundy-velvet robes he was accustomed to wearing fell easily around him, swathing him in a comforting cocoon of soft fabric. A slender hand sifted through his knot-worked hair, smoothing out the mithril threads woven through it as decoration. It was getting late, and he was thinking far too much about this. He needed to rest. He picked his way through the Library where he'd been sitting, and headed toward Elrond's suite to let his Lord know he would be resting for a time. It was only proper, lest Elrond need him and waste precious moments using Vilya to find him. He traveled silently down the hall, as most elves moved, the only sound being the faint, occasional rustle of the heavy velvet. Until, that was, he reached Elrond's suite. The door was slightly ajar, and he could hear voices - both male - coming from within. "I trust that you've fared well this winter, Aearlin?" came Elrond's calm, deeper tone. "Yes... thank you," the reply came, the voice slightly lighter than Elrond's and giving Erestor the impression of verbal honey. It was a voice that conveyed many millennia – like Elrond's own voice – yet had a youthful edge to it, as though those years had meant little to the elf in question. Elrond had a visitor that Erestor didn't know about. THAT was peculiar. He stepped forward and lightly rapped his knuckles on the door. "Lord Elrond? You did not inform me you had a visitor today... I could have come to greet them with you," he called lightly, almost teasing. From inside, he could almost -feel- the tension. What he'd said had caused a bit more stress than he'd intended, and he frowned. What was going on? "Erestor. Come in, friend," Elrond called, his voice more serious than his words might indicate. Who -was- the Elven Lord's visitor? Hair the color of the sun and tarnished with trace amounts of dirt to dull the glistening effect it might have had could be seen over the back of the chair that faced the wall opposite the door Erestor entered through. And when that stranger stood, it was obvious he was born of grace. He rose with motions smooth as cream, his stance regal despite tattered and dirty attire. "Lord Erestor, may I present Aearlin of the Misty Mountains. Aearlin, this is my most trusted adviser, Erestor." The blond inclined his head in a sign of respect, much like a high-king might, his face pale and stoic. "A pleasure to meet you, Erestor. Lord Elrond has told me quite a bit about you," came that sweetened voice, warming when the dark-haired Adviser bowed his own head in response. "Likewise, Aearlin. I admit I have a great interest in you. An interest I'm certain my Lord Elrond knows all too well." Aearlin flushed at this, glancing sharply toward the Elven ruler. Elrond merely smiled. "It is true. Erestor has had a fascination with you for quite some time. He has been determined to work out the mystery you have surrounding yourself. And while I promise that I have made every precaution to keep your existence a secret, Aearlin, I cannot say I am not glad that Erestor has found you out." Both elves standing before Elrond found their cheeks turning pink this time, and the half-elf seemed quite pleased at this. "I will leave you to talk, then. I am certain that Erestor has a good number of questions for you, Aearlin, and I am equally certain that there are many favors you could wrest from my Adviser for answering them." A minute later and Aearlin faced Erestor, looking distinctly nervous. Despite not moving in the slightest, he could simply tell - Aearlin had not wanted any other than Elrond to know of his existence. Nor did he want to answer any of Erestor's questions. The adviser was quiet for a few minutes, just watching the other elf. This Aearlin was dressed in clothes that Erestor recognized as originating in Imladris. His weapons were the same. There was a bow and quiver resting against the desk that Elrond often sat at, looking at least a century old at this point, the leather re-worked here and there - likely from wear. And then there were the knives strapped to the leather belt at his side, one at each hip. Though Erestor could not see the blades, the hilts were simple in their craft - made only for service, and not to be seen often otherwise. Aearlin's tunic was well-made, serviceable, but simple and quite worn. It was at least a few decades old from the looks of it, and made of the soft-woven fabric often found in their realm. It had probably been a brilliant hunter green before weather and wear finally took its toll - now it was a dusky forest hue, smudged with brown or black every so often. His leggings were similar, though were still their original dark brown. They looked a little newer than the tunic, though, and seemed to be well-cared-for. The leather of this elf's boots was worked hard, stained with mud, and traces of blood – this elf had seen a considerable amount of fighting before coming here, and Erestor was fairly certain he would see more. But it was the elf's stature and facial features that held the long-standing advisor silent for as long as he'd been. Aearlin's hair was the color of old gold, and likely would have shone like it too, had it been cleaned properly. It fell in a long cascade to the small of his back, pulled away from his face by a simple half-pony-tail. No braids. His eyes reminded Erestor of the color of the ocean further south of Imladris, where the water turned a brilliant turquoise hue that nearly sang in his heart. Nearly. But this color *did* sing to Erestor, and he felt somewhat captivated by the intensity found within those eyes. He was obviously somewhat tall and lean, but that was not uncommon among their kind – he reminded Erestor of Glorfindel, who was deceptive in his strength. But it was the face. That face… Erestor recognized it immediately. Fingolfin. He had not been born in time to ever have met the High King, but he had seen art depicting the former regal elf – and his princely sons. And this elf had so many features that were the spitting image of the elf. It could not be coincidence. "I had thought that all of Fingolfin's sons had died long ago," Erestor finally commented softly, making those aqua eyes widen in both shock and fear of being found out so easily. He reminded Erestor now of a spooked deer, and immediately tempered his words to ease the poor elf's mind. "Peace, Aearlin. I have kept Elrond's secrets for centuries. I will keep yours, as well. I have no doubt you have your reasons for not stepping forward, and I assure you that it is somewhat of a relief. It would cause turmoil for decades were you to step forward now." He paused, thoughtful, then smiled. "That does not change the fact, however, that you –are- our High-King, whether the rest of elvendom knows this or not. You are the most direct line to Fingolfin, Feanor… Finarfin. Our kings." The blond elf flushed at the title, then shook his head. "I do not deserve such titles, Councilor Erestor, whatever my blood by birth may be. But please, Elrond mentioned you have questions for me, and as it seems I will not be able to leave until you are satisfied, I would answer them swiftly and as thoroughly as you wish." Erestor smiled. A born diplomat. "Let us retreat to my quarters, then. I have a spare room you may sleep in, if you wish to rest, and I can have food and drink brought to us there," he insisted, watching the hesitation flash in his companion's eyes. Hesitation that slowly melted into acceptance. The blond rose gracefully as any of their kind might, and gathered his bow and quiver. "Very well," he replied quietly, moving to stand before Erestor once he had gathered his things. "Lead the way, Councilor." Erestor nodded, and guided them out of Elrond's study, down the hallway that led to his own rooms. "I feel I