Summary: AU. Bella is already a vampire, and Alice and Jasper aren't together anymore. Alice has a vision that she's going to meet her soulmate in Forks, Washington. Alice/human OC Femslash. A/N: Well, here's another story haha. I've never written in first person before, so it's kind of difficult for me. But it's a fun exercise. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. OC's in this story are mine, though. Also, no beta, so any and all mistakes are mine. I sighed as we pulled up to the school. My new school. I'd never switched schools in the middle of the year before, and I was nervous. Grandma must have felt the waves of anxiousness roll off of me because she said, "Don't worry, Jade. Everything will be fine. Deep breaths!" She said encouragingly, "Just be yourself! Everyone will love you." I managed a half smile at that, knowing she was just trying to help. I nodded with another sigh as I got out of the car, accidently slamming the door behind me. I cringed and looked back at Grandma with an apologetic look. She just smiled reassuringly and waved happily before driving away. My heart was pounding out of my chest. Stupid anxiety , I thought to myself. I took a deep breath in, much like Grandma had said, and walked into the front office. Behind the desk immediately in front of the door was a short, round woman with short red hair. She looked at me expectantly with a polite smile on her face. "Oh," I began as I walked up to the desk, "I'm Jade? The new girl?" "Ah, Miss Woods!" She greeted happily, "I'm glad to see you made it, though you're a little late." My anxiety kicked back up. Late ? That explains why no students were seen lurking around. But still. How did I manage that on my first day ? I closed my eyes for a moment, trying to calm myself back down. "Miss Woods? Are you okay?" She asked, "You're a little pale." I waved off her concern with what I hoped was a convincing smile, "Yeah, I'm good. Just, you know, new school jitters." She smiled at me again, "Well this is a nice enough place. I'm sure you'll fit right in!" She said, handing me a slip of paper, "Here's your schedule, and a map of the school. Do you need someone to show you to your first class?" "No, no. I think I'm good." I insisted, taking the paper. It was a small school. It couldn't be that hard, right? Less than five minutes later I realized my mistake. I somehow managed to get lost. I sighed to myself, carefully eyeing the map. How did they manage to make it so confusing? It was such a small school. Literally all they had to do was say, 'Take a left here, then a right. Then down the hall.' But no. They had everything numbered. I hated numbers. Well, math. Hatred of numbers was just a byproduct. I continued to stare at the map as I walked forward, not really paying attention. Which, looking back on it, was probably kind of stupid. "Excuse me?" I heard a smooth voice. I immediately stopped and looked up, trying to find the source. Only to see a pillar right in my face. Oh. Was I about to walk into that? I was totally about to walk into that. I closed my eyes in embarrassment, slowly turning around, face red. I turned around to see the five most beautiful people I'd ever seen. They were all pale, weirdly pale, but it suited them just fine. The biggest one was really muscular, standing taller than the rest. He had short brown hair, and was sporting a big, friendly smile. The girl next to him was almost as tall, with long curly blonde hair, though she looked less friendly. She easily could have been a model, or actress. Heck, any of them could have been. Next to her was another girl, though she was a little shorter, with long chocolate brown hair. Her features seemed neutral, like she didn't care about anything. The man next to her had short bronze-colored hair, and he almost seemed amused by something. Standing in front of them was a much shorter girl with short black hair that was in disarray, but it looked perfectly fine for her. They all had dark brown eyes. The shorter girl spoke up, making me realize she was the first one to speak in the first place, "Are you lost?" She asked. Her voice was practically angelic. Soft and smooth, like velvet. "Uh…" I began, like a fool. I was in an utter trance. They were all so beautiful . After a moment I cleared my throat, "Uh, yeah," I said, too exasperated to try and come up with a lie, "I don't really know where I am." "Forks High School." The muscular one helpfully supplied with a goofy grin. I let out a small laugh, instantly feeling more comfortable, "Oh, thanks." "You're Jade, right?" The shorter one asked. I nodded, though I must have looked confused because she continued, "Everyone knows who you are. New people are a big deal in small schools like this," She said. "I'm Alice, and this is Emmet," The muscular one, "Rose," The taller girl, "Bella," The other girl, "And Edward." Alice extended her hand politely to shake. Out of instinct I reached out, shaking her hand. It was ice cold, though her hand was undeniably smooth. I could have sworn I felt a small shock as our hands touched. "It's nice to meet you," Alice continued with a polite smile. "You too." I said, almost out of habit, with a small, awkward smile of my own. "Can I see your schedule?" Alice asked, reaching out her hand again. I nodded mutely and obliged, handing her the slip of paper. She studied it for a moment, before smiling. "Looks like we have a few classes together," She said happily, "But not first hour. Bella has science with you. She can show you the way, and then I can pick you up for math." I looked up at Bella, and she gave an awkward smile of her own. Again I felt a little more comfortable. Then I realized what Alice had said, "Oh, you don't have to pick me up. I'm sure I can—" "It's no trouble at all," Alice insisted, "I remember being new here. It's a little bit of a maze, considering how small the school is." I got the feeling she was just being nice, but nonetheless conceded. "Well, thanks," I began, "You're being really nice." "Of course!" Alice said happily, "Like I said, I remember being new. It's always nice to have someone help." I nodded, agreeing. "Well, we're late." Rose began, "We might as well head to class." "Oh, right. Class is a thing," I muttered. Alice, Edward and Emmet chuckled. I was surprised they heard me. I awkwardly looked to Bella, who looked expectantly back, "Uh…lead the way?" I asked more than stated. She nodded quietly, turning around and walking the opposite direction. I had to jog to catch up to her, but sent one last wave at the rest of the group. Alice waved back happily. I heard a bark of laughter from the group, and turned around once more to see Emmet clap Alice happily on the back. It looked rather harsh, considering her size, but she seemed to take it fine. She grinned up at the taller boy. I was caught in a trance again. She was so beautiful. Her smile was contagious, and even though I didn't know what she was smiling about, I found myself smiling as well. "You really need to watch where you're going," Bella said, catching me off guard. I turned around once more to find that I almost walked into a wall. I sighed. "Yes," I agreed, pursing my lips, "Yes I do." She led me the rest of the way to the class, only for me to stop short of the door. I looked inside, and realized I hadn't been noticed yet. Maybe I could run? "What, do you need to be invited in?" Bella suddenly asked from behind. Oh, yeah. Bella. "Yes," I said sarcastically, "I'm a vampire. That must explain why I'm so pale." She seemed to find the joke much funnier than it was, because she laughed. It wasn't loud, but musical and beautiful in general. The laugh seemed to catch the attention of the teacher, though, for she looked to the side and noticed them for the first time. "Ah, Bella, late again I see." She said, with no malice in her words. In fact, she had a slight smile on her face. "We ran into Jade, and I thought I'd show her to class." Bella explained. "Ah, and you must be Jade, then," The teacher surmised, "I'm Ms. Goldstein, welcome to class." I nodded in thanks, finally walking in. Big mistake. Everyone was staring at me. I could practically feel the judgement in their eyes, though I hadn't turned to the class yet. I took a deep breath in, turning and eyeing the classroom for the first time. Everyone sat at tables that were big enough for two, and every table was full. Except for the one Bella sat at. "Why don't you sit next to Bella?" Ms. Goldstein said, as if I had a choice. I nodded again, making my way to her table in the back, nearly tripping over my own two feet in the process. I sighed as I heard a few bits of stifled laughter. Bella smiled politely as I sat down. The class in itself was very low-key and uneventful, despite the fact that I had no idea what was going on. That was until suddenly papers were being passed back. I probably should have been paying attention. "I know you just started, Jade," Ms. Goldstein started, "But just try and do your best. You may ask Bella for help, should you need it." Ah, it was a quiz. Lucky me. Bella looked over at me and must have saw my look of utter horror, because she looked somewhat amused. Remember when I said I hated math? Well, I hated science too. Five minutes passed, and all I'd written on the test was my name and the date. I was lucky I even remembered that much. "Need some help?" Bella whispered, amusement clear in her voice. "Um, that would be much appreciated." "What don't you get? The girl asked. "Uh…all of it?" I asked more than stated. Her smile grew. "Okay, what do you get?" I pursed my lips, "The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell?" Again I asked more than stated. She let out a soft, musical laugh, but it was loud enough for a few people to turn their heads. My face turned red, I'm sure. "Here," She said, showing me her paper, "Why don't you just copy for now and we can go over it later, if you'd like." I let out a sound of appreciation, before realizing that I was about to cheat, and bring her in on it. I didn't want her to get in trouble for me, "I don't want you to get in trouble." I whispered. "It's fine," Bella assured. She didn't need to tell me twice. I nodded in appreciation, quickly copying her answers. Her handwriting was so clean. Perfect, even. I suddenly felt self-conscience about my own chicken scratch. I managed to finish writing down the answers just as the bell rang. I smiled in thanks, and she returned it with a toothy, perfect grin. We got up from our seats and handed in the papers. "Next time maybe try and help her before you give her the answers, hm, Bella?" Ms. Goldstein said with a raised brow. She'd caught us red-handed, though she didn't really seem