Chapter 1. A wild encounter. Through the Sequoya forest in California a flash of silver could be seen reflecting upon the moonlight as a group of preteens was hoping from tree to tree with grace that only came after years of training and hunting. Leading this group was a rather annoyed girl who looked no older than 13 with her silver eyes showed determination and annoyance as she thought of her mission. This "girl" was no other than Artemis, maiden goddess of the moon and the hunt, and what was this goddess doing all the way in this national park? Simple, hunting a ghost formed from his father's paranoia, or at least that's what she thought at first. Her father the oh so mighty and power hungry king was worried that godly energy was being detected all over the country near natural parks and wild areas. With the rumor that Kronos would be rising in the near future the king of Olympus was not pleased with a rather powerful godly energy being produced all over the country. So, he appointed Artemis to capture who or whatever was making the godly energy and bring them to Olympus to either swear allegiance to them or be executed, probably executed considering the mood of the lighting god. At first it seemed that his father was making this all up since every time the hunt got to the supposed source of the godly aura, they found nothing out of the ordinary. It was only on later expeditions that Artemis would notice a figure disappearing in the shadows whenever she and her hunters got close to their destination. This, strengthen the resolve of the goddess as it meant that someone had escaped from her hunt multiple times, something completely unheard and that her pride will not allow. As they got close to their objective she ordered she ordered her huntress to quicken their pace as she had no intention of losing her target once again. Little did she know what waited her and her hunt once she reached what she has been looking for a long time. Unknown to the moon goddess there was another goddess in the area looking for the same thing she was but for different reasons. An eight year old walked alone through the forest of giant trees towards a cave that would be hard to detect except for what was happening inside that guided the girl like a beacon. She quietly made her away into the cave careful to be as quite as possible to not disturb anyone or anything that might be inside. At first the cave seemed to be empty but as she walked farther in she saw a light ahead and heard some noise. Quickly hiding behind a boulder and poking her head to get a good view as to what was going on she was very surprised to say the least. There was a giant black bear next to a fire with a little baby bear a few feet away, the surprising part was that right next to the beast there was a boy who had his back to the girl so she couldn't make out his features but he seemed to be saying something while leaning close to the right front paw of the bear. The bear appeared to have no problem with the human so close to her, however the little baby seemed a bit worried as he started whimpering. It was then that he turned to look at the cup and the girl that had been observing got a good look at his face. He was about 14 with raven black hair that seemed just a bit too long almost blocking his eyes. However his piercing green eyes could be clearly seen beneath his mess of hair. He looked at the baby cup with great softness. "Don't worry little one, your mother is fine." He said with such gentleness that even girl was tempted to listen to him despite not being the one he was speaking to. He then proceeded to step away from the mother and point are her paw. "See? Good as new!" he said with excitement. The little cup proceeded to run to his mother, clearly exited to find his mother safe and in good condition. The boy gave them some space as the great bear looked at him with gratitude. He had a big smile on his face, however it was quickly replaced by a serious and calculating expression that confused the girl. "You can come out now, I assume it was a matter of time before you found me." His softness and tenderness was gone as he spoke in a calm voice yet confident voice as if talking to a possible attacker. The girl was surprised by this but decided to comply with his request. As the little 8 year old stepped into the light from the fire the features in the boys face showed surprise as he was not expecting a girl with brown hair and golden fiery eyes that he immediately recognized. He went to her and bowed "Lady Hestia, to what do I owe the honor of your presence?" The respectful toned and actions surprised the goddess of the heart as this was not what she was expecting. "H-How do you know who I am, who are you?" She asked with curiosity more than anything. The boy simply smiled. "I am well informed when it comes to the appearance of Olympian gods, plus your calm and warm aura is rather unique among the gods. As for who am I that is a long tale, one that in time you may know, but in the mean time you can call me Percy" He said extending his hand. To say the goddess was surprised was a major understatement. She was expecting to find a god not a boy, a boy that is well aware of the Greek world and the Immortals. She was curious about his identity but decided to be polite and shake his hand. As she did she felt electricity through her fingers as she looked up to find him staring at her with a big white smile. She felt a weird warm sensation that was different from the natural heat she generated; rise in her chest and into her face. She quickly let go and looked down unsure of why she felt that way. Percy looked at her oddly but made no comment about it. "So, do you want to sit as you explain to me why were searching for me?" He gestured to logs next to the bears that paid them no attention. She was reluctant at first but agreed. As they were both seated across from each other she began explaining. "Well you see… percy, a few months ago I started to detect great increases in the amount of hope there was all south America. Then I noticed how those Beacons of hope started moving north until they reached North America. I tried to tell the other Olympians about this but they ignored me as they didn't think it was relevant. However he recently noticed abnormal godly aura around the country and sent Artemis to find what was causing it. I knew that both were related so I decided to do my own search using the hope I sensed as a beacon." "Which lead you right to me" Percy concluded. Hestia nodded, trying to read his expression but found a straight face with no emotions until he sighed. "Well I am no god if that's what you are wondering, nor am I Greek, not anymore anyway." He paused as his faced seemed to darken a bit. "I am a being with the duty to protect wild life. Sort of like your god Pan but I am a lot more involved as you can see" He pointed at the happy bear couple with a smile on his face. "If you are not a god, how do you generate such a powerful aura? No demigod has that kind of power" "Well I am a special breed of demigod, unique and fill with awesomeness like no other" He finished with a smirk. The goddess narrowed her eyes a bit, unhappy that he was avoiding the question, but couldn't help but smile a bit when he started laughing. "Relax Lady Hestia just joking, I can't really go into detail of my identity but I can tell you my reason for being here. You see I-"He stopped mid sentence and jumped to his feet so fast the goddess jumped. "Damn those hunters… I have to go" He didn't wait for her reply as he ran out the cave with surprising speed leaving a confused goddess behind him. Line Break As Artemis and her hunt where moving through the trees at maximum speed she noticed a shadow out the corner of her eye. Faster than the eye could follow she drew her bow and fired an arrow at the shadow. A roar was heard that told Artemis her arrow had landed, despite this the shadow try to escape moving at a remarkable speed. "Hunters, pursue the creature but do not fire until I give the order" Soon the entire hunt was trailing behind the unknown creature that despite being fast was slowing down because of an injured leg. Soon the entire hunt surrounded the creature and had arrows aimed at its vital spots. Artemis was proud to finally corner what she assume was what her objective has been for the last couple of months. She was surprised to find that the creature was a jaguar; she knew however that this was no ordinary jaguar as it seemed to radiate small amounts of power close to that of a demigod. She assumed this was minor god transformed. "Surrender and transform yourself back to your true form so that I may take you to Olympus for interrogation." She said in a firm voice. The creature looked at her defiantly and taking a defense stance, making it clear he was not going to go down without a fight. The goddess narrowed her eyes, furious for being defied. "Suit youself, fire at will!" a rain of arrows was directed at the creature, who simply closed its eyes and prepare for the inevitable. As the pain never came the jaguar opened its eyes to find all arrows to be scattered around it with a figure stand in front of him. If Jaguars could smile this one threatened to split its face as it knew it was safe. The entire hunt was just starring with wide eyes at the figure in front of them. Unable to comprehend how he had managed to reflect all the arrows. The figure lifted his head to reveal Percy who was surprisingly calm given the situation he was in. Artemis was the first to recover and aim an arrow to man in front of her. She could feel a powerful aura coming from this male, she assume that this is who has been evading her hunt for so long. The fact that he was a man only made her angrier. "Stand down, both you and your pet are coming with me to Olympus for interrogation, boy " She said with distaste clear in voice. Percy kept a stoic expression as he started to vow which surprised the goddess. "Lady Artemis, I mean no disrespect but I have no intentions of coming with you to Olympus as you have injured my friend and I must treat him. So I will excuse myself now, I don't want to create conflict but I would appreciate if you didn't try to stop me as that will force me to defend myself" With that he turned around without waiting for a response and proceeded to tend to the jaguar. If he hadn't turned around he would have seen the look of fury on the goddess' face. How dare this male turn his back to