To people who have not read this before, go on normally. I got an awesome beta reader, HardSonadowFanGirl. So thank her for all the mistakes that you don't see, and thank me for all the mistakes you do see. To people who have read this before, reread it because I'm in the process of rewriting this story. TO PEOPLE WHO HAVE READ THIS BEFORE, I'VE ADDED MORE IN THIS CHAPTER RATHER THAN POSTING A NEW ONE, SO THAT MY AVERAGE CHAPTER LENGTH IS NOT TOO DIFFERENT AND DOESN'T SUCK. All the major plot lines will stay the same, but I'm going to be changing quite a bit. Thanks for choosing Reaper Airlines, and we hope you die on this flight. The first thing I registered was a dull throbbing, or was it that incessant voice? More likely the dull throbbing, but in retrospect, it doesn't really matter. "Percy. Wake up," that annoying voice repeated for what must have been the hundredth time. I held my hands to my head in a futile attempt to stop the headache, or at least alleviate it. I failed, badly. I blinked away the dust of sleep, and stretched my muscles, as they were a bit cramped. I looked around the room for a second to familiarize myself with my surroundings. I ignored the Iris message in front of me, which contained the image of a motherly-looking figure wearing a toga and sporting a disappointed look. Her black hair somehow enhanced the image of disappointment I could see in her eyes, for some odd reason. The rest of the room had a desk, and a small chair in the corner, and, can't forget the mini-bar. I must have been checked into a hotel last night for some reason. I scanned the room looking for a bag, and found it in a corner of the room, as if thrown there carelessly. I frowned, as I tried to remember if I did that, but nothing came back to me. I cast my attention back to the goddess in front of me. "What's up?" I asked groggily. I take more than 2 seconds to properly wake up. Sue me. I looked away from her. I just couldn't handle her looking disappointedly at me, again, because I was here again, passed out from drinking. She had no idea that this was the only way I could ward off the horrors that visited my mind every night. It was the only way I could sleep in peace. Meh, let her think what she wants to think. Who cares anyway? You Do, a little voice in the back of my head said . Shut up. I replied using my standard response. I sat upright on my bed, or whoever's bed this is, laid my hands on my lap, and stared at them. The balcony was open, I noticed, another pointless small detail that the back of my mind found important for some reason. We both knew that this issue was something that a stern talking to wouldn't fix, so we both were more than happy to gloss over it. That disappointed look, however, filled me with completely unwarranted guilt. "I have a favour to ask of you, Percy." My eyes, just for a fraction of a second, darted to look at her, before returning to their original place. "It's always I need you to do this. I need you to do that. Why can't it ever be a social rainbow?" I asked. "Are you using me?" I continued, as I gasped in an over-exaggerated way. I looked up atif her to see her reaction. Her face had a small smile on it. Now, we could get back to our normal routine, and the guilt wouldn't have to be so present. I stood up and looked her, directly in the eyes. "I live to serve," I said as I made a mockery of what a proper bow should look like. I liked this. This was safe. Less painful emotions involved. "I need you to retrieve two demi-gods from Westover Hall Maine." Odd. Usually, whenever she asks me to retrieve a demi-god, it's because their home-life is less than optimal. Hmmm. It must be a boarding school, then. It does sound like a pretentious school. It would have a French accent if it could speak. I just know it. Returning to the real world, I asked Hestia," Who's their pops?" Her face didn't change at all from her normal expression. "Hades." Since everyone can't be as good an actor as her, I had to actually have an outward reaction, a small one, but one nonetheless. I raised an inquisitive eyebrow. It gave the entire game away, right? "The big man downstairs couldn't keep his thing in his pants?" Something about this wasn't quite right. Hestia wasn't angry at all at Hades for breaking the oath that the big three swore, stating that none of them could sire demi-gods again due to the power that their offsprings possessed. "Hades sired them long before the oath was made." Why was she not explaining the entire thing to me? Did she not want to tell me about it? "If you don't want to tell me about it. You don't have to, jeez. All you have to do is say that you don't want to tell me." I focused in on her features to monitor her reaction. Was this a challenge to show how much she trusted me, or an actual statement that had no ill feelings behind it? I have no idea. Perhaps, I need to know her response and my emotions will tell me what I really feel. I've lived for so, so long, perhaps too long, and I still wasn't in tune with what the rest of me wanted. "No. It's just, if Zeus was ever to find out, it would cause another war, and I was careful not to tell anyone, but I do trust you not to tell anyone else about this. It's just… I don't want to betray Hades' trust." That means that them being Hades' children was not the biggest issue, and there was even more to it. However, on another note, I felt an emotion bubble in my stomach. Happiness, I think. It did warm me to know that she trusted me. "You really shouldn't trust me about this. I mean, I could be your worst enemy. I could be the best Brutus that you have ever seen." I said in quite an exaggerated sinister voice. Perhaps, I exaggerate everything a tad too much. She smiled at my remark, and none of that small smile that doesn't really count as a smile to everyone. It was a smile that took control of her whole face, and in that smile, I could make out some wrinkles. An odd thing to keep, especially since her laughs are far and few in between, nowadays. It speaks a lot about how the world is now, I suppose. "Nico and Bianca were born in the 1930s. Zeus tried to kill them, and their mother by destroying their hotel. Hades protected them and sent them to the Lotus hotel. After about 70 years, he placed them in the boarding school hoping that one of them would become the child of the prophecy. If Zeus was ever to find proof about this, war would consume Olympus and the Titans would easily overthrow us, as we did them." "Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait a second. You said "find proof about this", not "find out about this". Did you really think I was going to miss that small detail?" I asked Hestia. "Zeus may have already sent Artemis and her hunters to find out about the powerful demi-gods in Maine." I snorted, loudly, and shook my head looking at her head in mock disappointment. "You would have sent me there with no knowledge that ARTEMIS was there. Does my life mean so little to you?" I paused a bit to give her the idea that I was done talking. She opened her mouth to begin speaking, but I interrupted her before she could continue. "No. No. I can never forgive you for this. I-I.. I just need some time." I turned around to face the open balcony, so that my back was turned towards her. I added a fake sob for some extra effect. I could feel her roll her eyes behind me, or not, but I'd like to think that I can. "It's too late to apologize." I sang in a sad tone. I turned around and slashed the Iris message and stopped the fake tear work. Well, at least I have evidence that she was rolling her eyes. That's what I cut through, after all. Off to Maine, we head. And our death, is assured. But, before our death, and all that nonsense, time to don on our battle-armour. What a fancy name for a bunch of crap, that may or may not have saved my life many times in a lot of different occasions. I grabbed my brown bag, that looked a lot like what you would expect a boy's scout bag to look like, and donned on my battle-armour. All the time, I wondered, how many scout jokes can I make off of this bag? There's the popular scout's honour, and the attention thing, which can be used as sexual innuendo, but what else? I wonder... I wonder… Anywayyyy. After the whole process of wearing something, which takes a lot of time when you don't have servants to help you. Rich lord problems, right? I inspected myself in the mirror, something that I hadn't noticed because it looked so shy just hanging there on the wall that the mini-bar rested against. I wore a normal t-shirt, with a picture of fudge, and a tag above it, saying "Go Fudge Yourself." Fun Stuff. This would not hinder my movement, whatsoever, but would give me no armour either. I wore a jacket above my shirt with 5 throwing daggers on either side. However, they had a small pocket that only let their tip show to confuse any suspecting opponent of their existence. It gets a bit awkward to quickly grab them if you aren't used to them. Inside my jacket, on either side, hung a small ornament. It was a shield about the size of a keychain. Guess what it turns into? And last, but not least, on the back of my jacket, hung two sheathes that held 2, 3ft swords in them. It was a bit uncomfortable to have them on my back in the beginning, but it was easier to quickly draw them from their sheathes if they were on my back than if they were on either side of my legs. Now, it's actually time to head out to my doom. At least, the contrast of my black jacket and pants against my white shirt looked freakin epic. I viewed the situation in Westover Hall from afar. It is, as always, better to survey the situation before getting into it. Probably. Probably not. Meh. From what I could see, there were 6 people. I couldn't make out anything except some vague features. Blond hair, an adult, raven hair, 2 kids, and a Goth are all that came at me. It looked like the Goth girl and the raven guy were having an argument, and that they were all being led by the adult to somewhere. Seeing as Westover is in the middle of nowhere, this raised some red flags. There was nowhere to go, but they were heading towards the cliffs, which makes this statement moot. The teacher probably had a ride planned. Boat or Heli…. Or magic. Magic is better, seeing as a tail sprung out of him. I don't even want to know where he hid that thing. I needed to stop them before they got to the cliffs. I rose out of my crouched positions in the bush, and silently ran