What would have happened if basically all the main characters of twilight were gay? Except for Edward, being forever alone, and also in jail for stalking. Would the story have been better? Probably. aussiebrd23 and I are happy to show y'alls "Dawn", or Twilight rebooted. The lowdown: this is probably going to be AH, or have different supernatural elements. Sparklepires are just no. Sorry. Also, the Quilette tribe deserves better, don't ya think? Also, Cullen family shifted around a bit. Alice, Emmett and Edward are Carlisle and Jasper's adopted children. Alice is dating Rosalie Hale, who is a distant cousin of Jasper, and is living with them because her parents kicked her out. Emmett is dating Jake, who is Bella's step-brother and lives with his dad, Charlie (who is married to his dad) and Bella. Edward is a creep who stalks people. Jasper and Carlisle are married. Esme is Carlisle's sister, she lives alone and is the awesome aunt, she's also asexual, not sure if she's going to date anyone or not yet. Bella is dating Jessica, who used to date Edward before she realized how much of a creep he is. Carlisle, Jasper and children live in a house in Forks, and Esme rents the apartment above Billy's restaurant. DISCLAIMER: I do not own Twilight. Ms. Meyer can keep it and all the Morman propaganda it contains. I only partly own Dawn. I do own parts of the plot and the personalities of these characters. WARNING: The only thing really similar is the names of people. But, ironically enough, Edward will be the closest to the book, except in this story abuse will not be shown as an ideal. I must resist the urge to facepalm, I think to myself over and over and over again. Renee is once again apologizing for, in her words, "sending me off to the middle of nowhere." Look, I'm fine with it. In fact, I'm actually kind of excited. I'm moving to Washington. A state where I can actually, you know, get married. And, to be perfectly honest, I don't like Phil that much. He's good for my mother, and gives her much needed stability, but to be completely honest I feel a bit like a third wheel. I also haven't come out to him yet. Renee knows, and thinks he'd be fine with it, but I'm worried. I've heard him say some things to his buddies that at best are mildly homophobic and at worst are outright bigoted. For a character flaw, it's a pretty big one, but I know for a fact it's his only major one. But, he is a baseball player, and sports are generally heavily-masculine places, so it's probably more his upbringing then anything else. My other reason for not having a problem with moving to Forks is that I get to live with my dad. Charlie is awesome. Seriously, he's the police chief, which falls under the category of totally cool job. Even in a small town like Forks, being the head of the PD is a pretty big job. Also, he was the first person I ever came out to, when I was thirteen, and he was more than cool with it. He said that it changed absolutely nothing, and that I was his little girl no matter what. He also added that if any of my future girlfriends ever hurt me, he would shoot them between the eyes. Now, I know that's kind of over protective, but still, it's nice that he just automatically moved the shovel talk across genders. "It's fine mom. You go be happy with Phil, and I'm going to try not to get myself alienated at Forks High," I say, internally relieved when I see that some of the worry lines on her face have smoothed out. I look over at the departure/arrival board. My plane is arriving in a half hour. "I know sweetie, it's just I don't want you to get stuck like I did." I sigh. I know that she considers this a genuine concern, but really mom? I know Forks is small, but that just makes it better. I'm a bit of a nature freak, and have spent hours out in those woods. I know them almost as well as my dad, and that is an achievement, as he has spent all forty-odd years of his life in that town, twenty of them as a cop. Also, you can't have secrets in a town that small, so if something bad happens that I need to know about, I will know about it. Also, and this is my paranoia showing, since my dad is the police chief the likelihood of someone getting away with murdering me is much smaller. Yes, I should probably cut down on the cop shows, and no, that is never going to happen, they may induce paranoia but they are still awesome. "I won't get stuck. And hey, maybe I'll find a girlfriend," I said, grinning at the thought. For some reason, it is extremely difficult for me to find girls who have similar interests, even allowing for the necessary difference in opinion even the most identically minded people have. I don't really get it. I notice that Renee's smile gets a little fixed at that. "About that." She makes this sigh-like noise, except it sounds more like her breathing pattern has been interrupted, or that she has something heavy on her chest. "Bella, the other reason I'm sending you to live with your dad is that, well, you see," she sighed again, "Phil is wonderful, except he thinks that you need to be sent to a gay cure center, "just in case", according to him." I sit up at that, nearly knocking over the chair I'm sitting in. The only reason it doesn't fall is that it's been attached to the chairs next to it, being a airport waiting area chair. "Wait, what? You told him? Mom, I specifically asked you not to tell anyone." Screw this. "Go." I know I'm probably unreasonably angry at her. To be honest, I'm also angry at myself, for trusting my mom with this. "Sweetie, you have to understand, I had to tell him! He's your dad!" Her words are like a slap in the face. Has she completely forgotten Charlie? I stare at her in shock, as she usually would not bend to someone, even Phil, like that. "Mom, Phil is not my dad. Charlie Swan is my dad," I say quietly. I don't raise my voice, not wanting to make a scene in the middle of the airport. This is unreal. My mom had betrayed me utterly, telling her boyfriend that I was lesbian despite me specifically telling her that this was not to be shared with anybody or so help me god I will never speak with you again. "Of course. But Phil's your other dad, you know? Look, it's okay if you don't want to go to Forks, you can still leave now with me." I stare at her. "Mom, I'm going to Forks Washington. What you've said has made me want to stay with you and Phil even less." I say, feeling a little guilty at the realization that yes, I do not want to stay within a mile's distance of my mother for another minute. She clutches at me, and grabs my arms. I twist away and she says, "But he's just trying to help you Bella, make you better. And anyway, how do you know this isn't just a phase?" I stare at her, holding myself, arms crossed. Have I heard her correctly? Has she really just agreed with Phil, does she really think that I have some sort of disease. "It's not a phase, Renee." The lady over the intercom announces that my row should come board the plane. "Look, mom, I really got to go," I say, grabbing my backpack and turning towards the tunnel. "But we can help you, make you better" she says. I turn and stare at her. I think of how she probably should have told me this somewhere other than an airport. "You are sending me away because you don't want me to be forced to go to ex-gay therapy, and yet you want me to go to ex-gay therapy," I say, trying to keep the building tears out of my voice. For a second I see my mom in Renee's expression before she becomes Phil's girlfriend again. The transformation her opinion has gone through in fifteen minutes is staggering. "You know I don't want it, but I want to make Phil happy. And he does have a point. Wouldn't you want to make sure, so you aren't deluding yourself?" Feeling a bit like I'm about to throw up, I grab my backpack again, pulling it onto my shoulders. "This, I think, is why I'm going to Forks. I told Charlie when I was 13 and he believed me, and he still loved me. You want to change who I am for your boyfriend's happiness." I turn around and walk towards the gate. I hear Renee's footsteps pad away, and I feel the eyes of some of my fellow passengers on me. Ignoring them, I wait in line to give my ticket to the lady. When I get on the plane, I greet the stewardess. "Are you okay?" she asks. I'm tempted to say no, haven't you noticed that my mother just said something really hurtful to me? Except of course she doesn't want to hear that, so I nod, and walk past her. I arrive at my seat and I'm relieved to discover that I have a window seat. Settling down, I shove my backpack under the seat in front of me, buckle my seatbelt and grab a manga from the dozen or so I have in my backpack. I ignore the safety warnings, preferring to read my manga. Girlfriends is one of my favorite romances, the story about two Japanese school girls who fall in love. It's the first yuri manga I ever read and I enjoy it immensely. I'm at the part where the two of them kiss in a karaoke bar when someone sits down next to me. I close the manga and place it on my lap. Turning towards the person, I notice that its a girl, with blonde hair and green eyes. "Hi," she says. "Hi. I'm Bella" I say. I like talking to people on planes, because they always have interesting stories. There was this one time when the person sitting next to me was the wife of the first officer. She told me all these interesting stories about all the gifts her husband had brought her from all the places he's been. "I'm Jessica. Where're you going?" she asks. I'm tempted to answer "The airport" but this feels like a genuine question, so I decide to give her an honest answer. "Forks, Washington. I know you probably don't know where that is..." I start, and she interrupts me. "I'm going there too! I live there actually, how come you're going?" I consider answering the question truthfully. Jessica seems nice, and considering the town in question, she's likely non-homophobic. "My mom's boyfriend thinks I should be sent to ex-gay therapy, so I'm moving to live with my dad, Charlie," I explain. I hate that word, ex-gay. People actually believe in it, and I throw up a little in my mouth every time I hear them. "That is terrible," she says. I nod. "The worst part is that she doesn't want me to go, but is willing to send me anyway to make her boyfriend happy." She looks pissed for a second, before getting that look that people get when they make connections. "You're Charlie Swan, the police chief's daughter?" she asks. "Yeah" I say. "That's amazing! After my ex boyfriend started stalking me, he managed to get him behind bars despite the protests of his parents,"