Disclaimer: I do not own THG. I'm just borrowing the characters. AN: I want to dedicate this fic to my sister, aquarpisc for helping me bring this fic into fruition, for brainstorming with me and for acting like an idiot with me with dumb we sounded while coming up with the outline. I would also like to thank everyone who pre-read this for me, especially madefrommemories for being the world's biggest cheerleader. Special shout out to SalanderJade for getting me out of my funk. And last but not least, the amazing husband/wife duo, yourpeetaisshowing and alonglineofbread for all your amazing beta work and everything else you helped me with which was a lot. Also, alonglineofbread made the banner. She kicks ass. Thank you guys. Now without further ado... CHAPTER 1 When I first see the house, I'm surprised at how much bigger it looks in person than it did online. A heavy feeling settles in my chest as I realize maybe this house is far bigger than a twenty-five year old living alone could handle. Too late now , I think. Fortunately, I won't be alone. A greasy haired middle aged man by the name of Haymitch Abernathy will be living on the grounds with me in a guest house not far from the main house. He's been the caretaker of the place for about 30 years now. Rude ass son of a bitch, but I think it's because he's a lot like me. We even look the same. Same dark hair, same gray eyes. It's unnerving to say the least. The moment I step into the house, a heaviness fills my chest, which is overcome with another feeling before I can even question it. A welcoming feeling comes over me. I don't know how to explain it but I feel like I'm home. When I arrive it's only me with a suitcase. The house comes furnished so I don't need to worry about arriving with the rest of my possessions. They'll come later. The first time I feel a presence is a week or so after arriving. I finally finish taking the drapes off all the furniture downstairs and start rifling through the upstairs bedrooms. I come across the door to the attic and feel an instant pull towards it. At the same time, there's also a hesitance. As if someone is telling me to stop. The door seems to narrow as I walk closer to it. My hand is on the knob when the doorbell rings, breaking the trance I was in. It's the moving truck with my possessions. I don't know why it took so long, but finally it's here. Since the house came furnished, most of my belongings will be stored in the property's old barn. I'm actually very thankful for this. The arrival of my things makes me have even more tasks to occupy my mind and keep it off of the reason why I moved here. My parents and little sister were killed in a head on collision 5 months ago. Living without them had become unbearable so I decided to use the insurance money to get away, hence where I am today. Haymitch actually helps me get all my things unloaded, grumbling along the way, but we are able to get it done by nightfall. I'll worry about bringing what I need in the house later. That leaves me to go back to my original task in the house. As I start the work upstairs, I feel that pull again. The pull I felt towards the attic door. This time when I reach the lock, nothing interrupts me. I turn the handle, only to find the door locked, so I go down to the office and retrieve the keys Haymitch gave me the first day I came here. None of them work and upon inspection, I realize the keyhole is rather old. I immediately find Haymitch and ask him if he knows where I might find the key to the attic. He seems hesitant when I ask. "What do you need to go up there for Sweetheart? There's nothing up there but more furniture and belongings of the old owners." His answer angers me for unknown reasons, so I remind him that I am the new owner and whatever is up there belongs to me. He grumbles something under his breath, but eventually concedes in handing me an old skeleton key and a flashlight. "You'll need it." The key does its job and the door to the attic opens up to a narrow staircase. Finding no light switch, I use the flash light I got from Haymitch and slowly climb up the stairs, the air getting thicker each step I take. The heavy feeling I got when I first arrived at the house comes back full force once I reach the landing. I notice a pull string coming down from the ceiling and as I pull, a yellow glow fills the grand attic. The pull from earlier overcomes me once again and leads me past old boxes and drape-covered furniture to what looks like a covered portrait. My hand pulls the drape down on its own accord to reveal the portrait of man. His attire in the portrait is from at least 100 years ago, but that's not what pulls me to him. Aside from the soft blonde waves covering his head and a chiseled angular jawline… were his eyes, bright blue, piercing, beckoning… calling to me. I am captivated. He is brilliant. My hand finds its way to the canvas, delicately tracing his jawline, his cheek, his lips. It is exquisite. He is exquisite. Everything about him. I feel like I know him. The blue from his eyes, bluer than the calm from the ocean before a storm follow my every move. Haymitch says I'm crazy when I hang his portrait in the parlour. I ask if he knows who he was. "The last of the Mellark family left 20 years ago," he says. The Mellarks were from old money, but the last living Mellark made his fortune in an unusual manner, baking. He had married a bitter woman, who wasn't used to the countryside and hated living there. After threatening to take their three sons away from him, he finally agreed and moved them to the city. Not wanting to get rid of his family's legacy, he kept his caretaker on to watch over the estate. That is until his death when it was passed down to his eldest son who, like his mother, didn't care for the place and put it on the market where it had stayed for almost 3 years. "That is until you finally bought it. Luckily for you, I agreed to stay on as caretaker." I roll my eyes at this. "That tells me nothing about him," I say, pointing to the portrait. Haymitch looks away, almost like he's trying to hide something. "Well hell Sweetheart! I wasn't alive 100 years ago. How the hell am I supposed to know? I told you what I know and that's that," he exclaims, storming off. I don't stop to question how he knows the portrait is a hundred years old. I don't remember seeing a date on the canvas. The next couple of days are uneventful. I finish the rooms upstairs, which is exhausting. Cleaning and dusting was never my forte. That was my mother and Prim's job. I shake my head to clear my thoughts. I don't want to think about that right now. The exhaustion from all the work I've been doing is taking its toll, so I decide to call it a night. Once I'm up in my room I shower then head to bed. Our limbs are tangled together, his body pressing tightly against mine. He peppers kissing along my torso, moving with a desperation I've never felt before. I can't take it anymore so I untangle our legs, wrapping them around his waist and pulling him flush against me. He buries his face into the side of my neck, licking the sensitive skin. I moan loudly when his cock brushes against my hot, dripping center. Suddenly, he's there, buried deep inside me. He throws his head back and that's when I see his face. It's him. The man from the portrait. He grunts as he begins to move inside me. My hips rise to meet him, but it's not enough for me. He notices this when his gaze meets mine, his blue eyes so much more clearer than in the portrait. His hand moves between us to where we are joined, rubbing the little bundle of nerves he knows will set me off. My back arches and I cry out as I come apart. My eyes fly open and my heart is beating so fast I can barely breath. I sit up in bed trying to catch my breath. The movement causes me to notice the wetness between my legs. I reach beneath the covers and feel myself, soaking wet. Christ. What am I? Sixteen again. I haven't had a dream like that in…. shit I can't even remember. I need to get laid, I think as I get out of bed to take yet another shower. Once I've finished my shower, my thoughts automatically come to the portrait. The portrait of the unknown Mellark in my parlor. My cheeks burn as I remember my dream. This is stupid Katniss, I tell myself. Still, it makes me wonder who this man was. Ever since I found the portrait of him, I can't seem to get him off my mind. Haymitch is no help with the details. I know he knows something, but he's choosing to hide it from me. I wonder what that is and why he feels the need to hide it from me. Instead of trying to coax it out of him, I find myself at the county hall of records a few hours later. I learn that the land was first acquired by a man named Peter Mellark in 1905. So my guess was right. The portrait of the man was at least a hundred years old. I smile. Peter. A name to the face I've become enchanted with. But that is all there is really. The census shows he had a wife, two sons and one daughter. The only other thing I am able to dig up was that he had passed on the property, relatively young. He was only 52. Something is off though. The file I am looking at looks like there had been something else in it. Nothing was amiss really. I just have a rather strange feeling about it. Arriving home, I find myself staring at the portrait again in the parlour. Peter, Peter, I chant in my head as I stare at it. The name fits him perfectly. My face heats up as I remember the dream from this morning. I've had erotic dreams before, but never like that and certainly never one that made me so wet. A shiver runs through me as I feel a tickling sensation traveling up my arms. Almost as if someone is rubbing up and down the length of them. My eyes close on their own accord and my head falls back. A contented sigh leaves my lips as my hands come to rest on the table in front of me. A door slamming brings me out of my reverie. The tingling sensation is gone and I push myself away from the table. I glance once more to Peter's portrait before leaving the room in search of the source of the noise. As I walk into the foyer, I can hear voices coming from the kitchen. They're hushed, almost like a murmur or a whisper that sends a chill up my spine. It has to be Haymitch, but who could be with him? As I get closer, the voices get louder, yet I still can't make out what