Summary: This takes place in breaking dawn basically. It starts with the battle with Voltouri . Bella and their side isn't look too good then something happens and she gets taken back in time. This will be a Jared and Bella imprint story. Warning: I have done stories as Paul and Bella, and honesty when I started this I was going do another Paul and Bella story. I figured I would try something else. Don't worry Kim will still be in the story but it be with someone else. If you don't like Bella being with any of the pack then don't read this story. Disclaimer: I dont own the series Chapter One Once upon a time a human fell in love with a vampire, and it didn't end very well. It was a sad moment in Isabella Marie Cullen's undead life. This was the moment where I knew we were going to lose. It didn't matter how prepared we were, somehow the Volturi were more prepared. We may have had a bunch of special vampires, but so did they. We may have had the pack, but they were going down like flies. The pack that I thought of as family at one point. I can't even begin to imagine how Kim, Quil, and Emily are handling this. If the wolf dies does the imprint die too? We caused so much death. I saw my daughter looking frighten and I knew what Jacob was doing. We had talked about this if it started looking bad for them. I put all the new identities in the bag and Jacob knew what he had to do. He had to get my daughter and him out there. It was now his job to protect her from these evil vampires. I watched as Alice, and Jasper lost their heads. If I could cry, I would. My family was being taken away. I couldn't believe this was happening. Alice never saw the outcome like this. She said we would win and they would leave us alone. What happened? What happened to my daughter growing up and falling in love with Jacob? What happened to Jacob's happy ending? What happened to my happy ending? Suddenly everything stopped, "Bella," A lady wearing all white steps in front of me. "Who are you?" I asked looking around at what family I had left. I never wanted any of this. I didn't want anyone to lose their life. "We have been watching you for a while. This path you were on was never the path you were intended to take. You were destined to stay human, and you were destined to have a pack member imprint on you. We were not allowed to interfere until the very end. You have a decision to make," She spoke. I just stared at her. I have a decision to make, what does that even mean? How was I destined to stay home when Edward had my whole heart? Vampires mate for life, Edward told me I was his mate. Had he got it wrong? Had him and Alice had it wrong all this time? "Who are you? What do you mean I am meant for a wolf? Edward is my one true love. Vampires mate for life, there is no way I was meant for a wolf," I spoke. Clearly, this lady was crazy. I was meant to be with Edward. That's all I ever wanted was Edward. To spend forever with him. Vampires mate forever, and he said I was his mate. I must have dead, again. This must be what death is like. A lady in all white, telling me I picked wrong. This has to be death but then why am I still seeing my dead family all around. Could hell really be like this? "I am destiny. I am giving you a second chance to start over. To pick the path that leaves you human. If you decide you don't want that second chance I will allow this all to play out. You should know everyone including you dies. Jacob may have your daughter but they are going find them in about a month maybe even less time then that. They are going send out their best tracking vampire team they have. They lock them in a cell and do experiments on them. Jacob eventually dies, but your daughter they turn her into a killer. She lost her parents, her aunts, her uncles and the moment she loses the love of her life she snaps," she spoke. "We can't have have to protect the human population the best we can. Even if you do pick to see this out, we will be forced to take care of your daughter today." "That doesn't leave me much to pick from then does it? Either way I lose my daughter, and my family," I spoke. If I could cry I would. That girl didn't deserve any of this. It wasn't my daughters fault she existed, it was Edward and mines fault. I was selfish, I should have been smarter. I could have prevented all of this. Who knew a vampire could get a human pregnant? Being a vampire was suppose to be easier than being human. There was suppose to be less bad things happening. Edward, Ness and I were meant to be a family. She was our saving grace in the family. Rose became so happy when Ness came into the world. "She was never meant to exist. With her existing it will only cause problems now that the Volturi know if a male vampire mates with a female human that they will get a hybrid vampire. Do you know how dangerous that is for the world?" Destiny spoke. "I need your answer. We don't have much time. I can't explain much more without the others getting upset." "Am I destined to be with Jacob?" I asked looking over to where my frozen best friend was. I could see myself and Jacob together, after all he was my sun for the longest time. It would be a lot better being destined to Jake than Quil, or even Paul. I could see a life with Jacob, in La Push. Growing old together having a bunch of kids, and eventually grandchildren. I could see him loving me just as much as I loved him. "No, but you are destined to be with a pack member. One that will bring out what you need to survive and beat the Volturi once and for all," She spoke. "I know you love your daughter, but this is no way for her to live. She will be impossible to kill, she might not be able to change people but her future is no way to live." "I guess I will pick the going back in time to stop all this. I have a question though. Is there any other way this could have turned out better for Edward and I?" I asked. He was my first love, why did it have to end like this? I had to know if things could be different. Was he meant to die in Italy when Alice came to get me? Was I suppose to tell her no? Would things still happen the way it did in my past? "There was no good way for that to end. You were never meant to become a vampire. You were never meant to deal with Victoria, and James. You were never suppose to be bitten by James. Alice seeing that vision of you was never suppose to happen. When I send you back, I want you to be careful and to be vary of Edward. There is a lot you don't know about him. A lot that some of Cullen's picked to not tell you. Edwards gift of reading minds, isn't the only thing he is capable of doing. Victoria is still going be there. I am sending you back to where Edward leaves you in the forest. That is the farthest they will let me send you back. If I had it my way you would be sent back to when you first arrive in Forks," She spoke smiling. "What does that mean? What other gifts could Edward have?" I asked. "Can I at least say good bye to my daughter?" "I'm sorry but you can't. You are going to wake up in the forest with Edward. Remember my dear be strong, you don't need him. Don't let this break up do to you what the last one did. He manipulated you," She spoke. " That is all I am allowed to say. You are very strong young woman. I believe you and the pack will have a special bond. Don't worry I am going to be watching over you. I was always cheering for you to get that happy ending you need. To have that big family you always wanted. Don't let Edward sneak his way back into your life." I went to respond but Destiny was gone, and I was standing just inside the forest near Edward. How could she possible know I wanted a big family? That I was also jealous of people in school who had siblings. Then I realized where I was again and brought my attention back to Edward. This was the day that I always wanted to forget, but lucky me I get to live through it again. I couldn't get into the same situation as last time. "Bella, we are leaving," Edward spoke. Of course he didn't show any emotion on his face. He rarely did that, even after I was turned. He kept his emotions locked up, which I always wondered about that. Only difference is this time I wasn't going to follow him into the forest. I wasn't going to act like I was an addict going through withdrawal. "Why now? We are almost done with school, can't you wait?" I spoke. He looked surprised I asked that. Maybe he thought I would try to beg him to take me with him. Then something clicked. Maybe I should follow him in the forest that way Sam, Jared and Paul could find me, but if they don't imprint on me then they will have the image of me being weak and stupid. That was something I didn't want them to see. Paul never accepted me, no matter what I did. I was always leech lover hopefully I could change that this time around. "Carlisle got a better job, and we over stayed our welcome in Forks. It's time for us to move on. People are starting to notice Carlisle and Esme are not growing older," he explained. "It's for the best, I'm dangerous.I want you move on." "So that's it then? We are over?" I asked. I felt my heart breaking,even though I knew it had too. "Yes, there was no good way for this to turn out. I am dangerous, my family is dangerous. It's the only way to keep you safe, " he spoke. "No, I guess there wasn't. Maybe in the next city you can stay away from the human girls. Oh wait here's a better idea, maybe it's time to stop pretending as high schooler kids," I muttered. I was hurt. This was probably the last time I would ever see him, or if I saw him again it wouldn't be as if I would run back into his arms. I couldn't not this time. "I want you to move on. I want you to live a long human life. I want you to forget about me. It will be as we never existed," he whispered. Oh how I wished it was that easy. I watched Edward turn away from me and took off into the forest. I wasn't going follow him this time. I refuse to give the pack the privilege of seeing me weak. I refuse to let Edward hold all this power over me. "Bells,