Summary: This will be a Bella and Paul fanfiction. Basically, this will take place in the future and have flashblacks to show their relationship. Bella does not know about the pack, yet. This makes Emily, Sam, Quil senior and Billy look like bad people. Warning: This is the Bella and Paul story. If you don't like them together then I suggest not to read this one. If you don't like Sam, Emily, Quil senior or Billy looking like bad people then I suggest you also not read this story. Disclaimer: I don't own this. Chapter One: I don't know why I thought leaving Forks and coming to Jacksonville was going to help me. If anything it made me miss Paul even more. I loved him, well if we are being honest I still love him. It hurts even worse than when Edward left me. Paul, was suppose to be my happy ending. I feel like half the person I was but I don't get to be weak. I have to be strong for our three year old son who is the spitting image of his father. That's what keeps me going, and probably why I decided to stay in Jacksonville for so long. Sure, I managed to find a job that paid pretty decently for a person who graduated High school and has no collage degree. It also helped that they have a daycare for Jackson. Which I was grateful for, because I didn't trust my mother having Jackson almost every day. She was a bit unreliable on the whole babysitting aspect. She would feed him cotton candy all day. I'm not saying she is a bad mother, she's just a little clueless. " Bella, you know you don't have to go back to Forks. You can always stay here, " my mother told me again. Of course she wants that, but not because she wants to help with Jackson. She wants it because I was making sure things were paid, and cleaning. I can't deal with that anymore. Phil was gone more times then he was here. Anytime he was here mom and him fought like crazy. I had a strange feeling he was probably having an affair. He still paid for moms bills, so it's not like she really cares. I'm not even sure they were ever actually in love. She probably loved the idea of the money, and traveling. "I know mom and I am grateful for all you have done for us, but it is time for me to go back to Forks. I miss dad, and I actually like it there. I'm not much for all the sunny hot days," I explained. Truth be told I'm also doing this to get away from Edward too. About six months ago he tracked me down. Explaining how he left me to protect me and he had been hunting Victoria and Laurent. Victoria was hell bent on getting revenge. Edward and the rest of the Cullen's ended up destroying her and Laurent . For that I am thankful, but I wouldn't have been in that situation if he never dated me. If he had stayed away or if I had been strong and told him No . I wasn't about to make that same mistake again. He came to tell me he still loved me and we could have the future we always planned. Then he realized I have a three year old son, and even then he said he would support us. I wasn't going take him up on that offer. A human baby growing up in a house full of vampires was just a bad idea. Of course he couldn't take no for an answer. He couldn't understand how I could willing have sex before being married. He wanted to think of me of this pure woman. He said we could start dating again, and I would fall in love with him. I told him that wasn't possible because I have a son, and it's my job to protect him and this would be the opposite. I couldn't be selfish, I had to put his needs first. Edward explained we could hire nannies to help until I got my blood thirst under control. He even promised when my son got old enough we could change him. I declined, but he couldn't understand why. He had been calling daily and stopping by. He would have roses delivered, and whatever else. I didn't want him anywhere near my son. My mom is thrilled Edward wants to take care of Jax and I. She doesn't understand how I can turn him down, and go back to that small town that only made her miserable. That place doesn't make me miserable. It's where I meant Paul, and it is where Jax was made. I had enough money saved to start a bookstore that had a little coffee shop in it. It helped that I had some saving bonds, and I had savings. Also Carlisle and Esme gave me a check for a million dollars even though I kept declining it. Every time I ripped it up and threw it out, they would send another one. Finally, I decided to put it in an account and save it for the shop I want to open up. "Momma," my three year old son came running over to me. He was the reason I got up in the morning. He was the reason why I had to be strong. " What are you doing mister? What happened to nap time?" I asked as I picked him up. " No nap," he said fighting a yawn , " Can we see pappy, now?" I had to smile. Sure, I haven't been back to Forks in over three years. I left when I was three months pregnant. Dad came down here a lot to visit. Jackson just loves when he comes would go to the beach together, and dad would teach him how to build sandcastles. They would also try to throw a ball, or just dig in the sand. Jackson really did love my dad. Dad made it down here almost every other month. He would never bring up things from La Push, and I'd never bring it up. It was easier that way. " Can we watch cars, momma?" Jackson asked me. That was his favorite movie, and we watched it once a day, sometimes twice a day. " Sure baby," I said as I got the DVD going and we sat on the couch. I put a blanket over him, knowing he would fall asleep soon, and I could shut this movie off. "I can't believe he still watches that stupid movie," my mom spoke as she walked into the living room. "Mean grandma," Jackson said giving my mom a mean look. "Mom, stop it, you know he loves this movie. Let him go," I spoke. Sometimes it felt like I was raising two kids instead of one. "I still can't believe you think it is a good idea to leave here and go to Forks. What good comes out of that town? Charlie is never going to be as supportive as I have been. I opened my doors to you when you were pregnant, " mom started. I fought the urge to roll my eyes at her. "Mom, we have been through this multiple times. I am an adult, and this is what I think is best. You have been complaining that you are stuck here because of me and Jackson, when you would rather be traveling with Phil. I am giving you what you want." "Baby girl, you can travel with me. We can drop Jackson off where ever his dad is. You deserve a break," mom spoke. "I'm not having this conversation with you. You may think that having me was a burden and ruined your life but Jackson is the best thing that has ever happened to me," I said. Flashback: "Princess, I'm sorry to do this to you but Jared just called. There's a leak in the council hall, we have to go fix it. Apparently, it flooded the bathrooms," Paul said as he kisses my forehead. " I promise to try to be quick. I love you. Go back to sleep for a little bit." I smiled, I could never get sick of hearing him say that. I looked down at my finger the engagement ring he had given me. " I'll never get sick of hearing that. I love you my future husband." I couldn't wait to tell the rest of our friends,we were going have a bonfire on the beach to celebrate it. About three hours late Paul came back into the house with Sam following. Paul didn't look happy at all. Must have been a tough fix. I know Sam didn't like me, but I got over that. His fiancee also didn't like me either, which made things awkward. Maybe that is what they are fighting about. Paul ran up the stairs to the master bathroom. I knew he was getting a shower, so I started making scramble eggs, and baccon. I couldn't believe how much he could eat. I always made a lot. It was worse when Jared, Embry, and Quil were here to eat too. " Sam, are you staying for breakfast?" I asked. I didn't want him to stay for breakfast, but he walked in with Paul and was now sitting in the living room flipping through the TV. " No, I wouldn't bother making breakfast. It's a waste of your time. When Paul is done, he is coming over to have breakfast with Me, Emily, Jared and Kim. Emily's one cousin from the Makah tribe in coming down too," Sam spoke. I could see it was his intention to try to hurt me. I knew it sounded like a date. That's when Paul came down wearing a pair of cut off shorts with no shirt. He looked hot, and I ended up blushing thinking about that. He still looked upset. " Baby, what's wrong?" I asked walking over to him. He still didn't look up, he kept his eyes on the ground. I felt Sam's eyes watching us. He looked like he was fighting himself. He wouldn't look at me." I can't do this with you anymore." " What do you mean?" I asked feeling my heart break again. Would I ever be good enough for anyone? Was he seriously considering dating Emily's cousin? " We are no longer working Bella. I'm going need you to leave. We are too different," Paul spoke. He still couldn't look me in the eye. Sam was still there watching this whole thing. He probably enjoyed it. By now my tears were falling freely," What happened? Before you left you loved me. Paul you asked me to marry you last night. Is that what this is about? You think it's too soon to be engaged? Or does it have something to do with Emily's breakfast? Sam told me it is basically a blind date." " Bella, I don't love you. I never loved you. You need to leave and never come back. This has nothing to do with Emily, you know I wouldn't go there for any meal," Paul spoke. He turned his back on me. This can't be happening. The tears were coming now, and I couldn't stop them. I wouldn't be good enough for anyone. First Edward and now Paul how can this keep happening? What happened? " Oh okay," I whispered . " I'll go pack my things and be gone in a half hour." End of flashback. I looked down at my son , who finally fell asleep. I had to be strong for him. I had to make his life better . I wasn't going to let him ever make the same mistakes I did. He is going be a strong independent man, who would never treat woman