Okay, so this is my take on how the Hunger Games could have gone. Just a warning, this is a major AU, and as such, some massive things are different. DIsclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. ALl rights go to Suzanne Collins. The train ride to the Capitol was tense as Peeta and Katniss went over the shock of leaving. The food laid out in front of them was grand and extravagant though only Effie ate. She was she was chattering away at them nonstop. "I really must say you are my favorite pair of tributes yet," she told them brightly, taking a sip of wine. "Last year's pair was gripping the food in their hands and shoving it down their throats! It completely ruined my supper. At least the two of you have table manners. Last year's tributes had been from the Seam. Likely neither of them had ever used a fork in their lives, and with a display of cuisine before them such as this, they probably wouldn't have cared. "Could you tell us what to expect, Effie?" asked Peeta pleasantly, sipping a sweet silvery drink. "Since Haymitch isn't here, and all." His words set her off on a tangent, making Katniss glare at him. "Oh of course, Peeta," she answered kindly. "Everything here is for you, you know, but once we're in the Capitol everything is bigger, grander, brighter, and yours! You'll start out in the Remake Center to prepare for the Opening Ceremony. You know that. Then there will be three days of training alongside the other tributes so you can prepare for the arena. Haymitch and I will also be there to help you with your strategies-" "Where is Haymitch?" Katniss snapped. Peeta felt glaring at Effie was unnecessary, but Katniss shot him a dark look. Before Effie could answer, the door slid open and Haymitch stumbled in. His eyes were bloodshot and his hair disheveled. Alcohol was spilling down the front of his shirt; which was inside out and buttoned wrong. "Supper?" he slurred, looking at them. Effie sniffled and her nostrils flared. "Yes, Haymitch," her voice was brisk. "Supper. Now put the vodka down and come join us." Katniss' eyes narrowed at him. "You're out mentor?" There was accusation in her voice. Haymitch looked blankly at her, grey eyes glazed. "Whazzat mean? 'Curse Ahm yer men'or!" His drunken words set her off. "So this old drunk is meant to save us?" her voice incredulous. "He can't even properly button his shirt! He'll do about as well saving us as he did the other tributes of District Twelve!" Something seemed to snap in him at her words and Haymitch yelled; fist flying out and slamming into Katniss' jaw. Peeta leapt from his seat, jumping across the table. He gripped Haymitch's struggling arms and pulled him away. He trapped Haymitch in a headlock with his other arm and hauled him out of the room. The man struggled down the hall until Peeta threw him into the lounge compartment. In there, he fell to the ground, rolling and coughing momentarily. Effie had said the panels by the door would call Capitol Attendants to them. Peeta punched it and there was a light ding! Haymitch was pushing himself to his feet; gasping wildly as he looked around his new surroundings. He had lost his vodka in the hall, but that did nothing for his already drunken stupor. Taking pity on the man, Peeta led him over to the sofa and sat him down. He had to half-carry him, but he managed to get him to the seat. His head lulled back absently. A Capitol Attendant opened the door and peeked into the room. "What can I help you with?" Peeta stood up. "Get me something that'll sober him up. And some food, please. He probably shouldn't be around Katniss right about now." The man nodded. "Of course." "Thank you." When he exited, Peeta was left alone with Haymitch. The smells of various alcohols made Peeta cringe, but he sat himself across from Peeta tensely. The lounge was lavishly decorated. The sofas were silver and blue throw pillows sat on them. A pristine glass coffee table sat between Peeta's silver armchair and the sofa. A television screen hung on one wall, though it was currently off. A bar was in the corner of the room, but Peeta wouldn't allow Haymitch near that until after they talked. When the man returned, accompanied by three others carrying trays of food, he held a sterile white bottle in hand. The other attendants placed the food trays, lined with all different kinda of delicacies, on the coffee tables and left. "This is a fast-acting soberizer." The attendant explained. "Feed it to him and he'll sober up pretty fast." Peeta took the bottle and nodded. "Thanks for your help." The attendant nodded and left. Once the door had closed, Peeta rose and stood over Haymitch. Sighing, Peeta twisted off the cap and put it on the table. Then, he pulled Haymitch's limp jaw back and began to pour the thick, frothy liquid down his throat. Haymitch attempted to shake his head, grimacing as he did, but Peeta held it firm. "Sorry Haymitch," he muttered as he poured. His squirming did get some of the liquid splashed in his face, wetting Peeta's hand in the process. With the bottle empty, Peeta waited for the drink to take effect. Slowly, Haymitch's eyes began to twitch, being pulled open dizzily. With a groan, he pushed himself up, swaying in his seat. The soberizer was working swiftly. "What? What happened?" Already, his eyes were starting to focus and the slur left his voice. Peeta leaned back in his chair. He had never seen Haymitch sober before, he didn't think anyone had, but he imagined him to be somewhat violent. "You," he breathed. "You attacked me!" Haymitch's voice was deep and gruff when not slurred with intoxication. He stumbled to his feet, raising his fist as he did. When he swung, Peeta moved his head out of the way of the poorly aimed punch and Haymitch stumbled to the ground. "You're not completely sober yet," Peeta told him matter-of-factly. "But I get the feeling you've been drinking for so long you've permanently ruined your coordination." The man struggled to push himself to his feet so Peeta continued. "I seriously doubt you've gone a day without alcohol in years so you won't beat me in a fight. Trust me. Don't try." Accurate though his words were, Haymitch wasn't done. "You think you're so strong," he growled, shakily pushing himself onto the sofa. "Let me tell you, Blondie, that won't mean shit in the arena." Peeta smiled. "And now we're getting somewhere." Rising to his feet, Peeta stood over Haymitch. He grabbed a sliced ham sandwich and handed it to Haymitch. "So if strength won't help me, why don't you tell me what will?" For the first time, Haymitch looked at Peeta not angrily, but appraisingly. A thick black eyebrow raised and he smirked. "Well," he said to himself. Louder "Did I actually get a fighter this year?" Peeta met his gaze steadily. "Maybe not yet," he conceded. "But if you help me…" Chuckling, Haymitch nodded. He fell back into the sofa and threw the sandwich down; instead picking up a plate of mashed potatoes and gravy. "Alright," he agreed. "So you care to tell me how I'm sober?" Nodding, Peeta threw the white bottle at him. Haymitch's chuckle turned to all out laughter when he saw it. "I take it an attendant gave this to you? Ha, fine, I'll make you a deal: I'll stay sober if you agree to do everything I say. The Games aren't a joke, and you'll need me to help you figure them out." At his words, a weight was lifted off of Peeta's shoulders. Even when he was going through the Games, at least he wasn't completely alone. "Deal," he agreed. "So what do I need to know? The Games are in a week and tons will happen from now 'till then. I need to know strategy, presentation, image-" "One step at a time," interrupted Haymitch. "Tomorrow we'll be in the Capitol and your prep team will work to make you look good for the Opening Ceremony and other events. It might not be fun, but you'll need it. Looks win sponsors and the Opening Ceremony is the first chance you'll have to impress them. Got it?" Peeta nodded. "But what about the Opening Ceremony?" he asked. "It's based on district industry and Twelve always looks ridiculous. Won't that turn sponsors off?" Haymitch chuckled and shook his head. "We got new stylists this year," he told Peeta. "They sent me their designs and trust me, you'll be memorable." It might have been the chuckle, but Peeta looked apprehensively at Haymitch. "How can you possibly remember? You were drunk." "They were that memorable." Deciding to simply trust his mentor, Peeta sat down. "So listen to my stylist. Got it. Can you tell me how to act out there?" Haymitch shrugged. "Nothing to say except be likeable. Smile, wave, be friendly to the crowd. If you wanna win this thing, they'll need to like you. When they like you they give you money and money gets you gifts in the arena. Plus, the Gamemakers tend to avoid traps on the well liked tributes. It's all about popularity. Keep them interested and you're golden." "And the other tributes? How should I interact with them?" His smile was sardonic. "Depends on the tributes and your strategy. If you're gonna hide, then stay away from them. If you want an alliance, talk to them. See who can be useful and work with them. Glancing at the time, Haymitch shook his head. "Let's start the recap. We'll get an idea who you'll be facing." Attendants had come to take the plates away, leaving the room in pristine condition. Haymitch turned on the television and the anthem boomed. As it did, Effie led Katniss into the room. Both seemed surprised to see Haymitch sober. Seeing them talking, Katniss shot Peeta a dark look. Peeta rolled his eyes. "He's your mentor, too, Katniss." He turned to the television. "You're allowed to talk to him if you want. I promise I won't stop you." "Maybe I will." Effie shushed them. "It's starting." The reapings varied from district to district, and the tributes did as well. Districts 1 and 2 had some brutal looking boys. District 5's girl, Amber, looked sly and calculating. The girl from 7 looked ill. 10's boy had a crippled foot and had to limp onto the stage. The boy from 11 was massive, starkly contrasting his tiny twelve-year-old partner. Then there was Katniss volunteering for her sister, and Peeta getting reaped. He made sure to commit all the faces to memory. When the reapings ended, the group sat in silence. Moments passed as they all took in the faces and names. They would be his competition. They were what separated him from home. "You should get some sleep." Haymitch looked keenly at Peeta. "You'll have a long day tomorrow." "I want to talk to you before bed," Katniss told him. Haymitch nodded. "Alright. You stay behind. Peeta-bed." "See you in the morning," he said, leaving the room. He didn't get far before an arm gripped his shoulder. "You think you're able to get Haymitch all to yourself?" "Aren't you were supposed to be talking to him now?" he asked. "I've already told you I don't care if he helps you. So long as he helps me, I'm okay." Katniss looked incredulously at him. "Then why did you drag him out of the room to talk? You were trying to stop me from seeing him weren't you?" Man, that girl was clueless , thought Peeta. "You two were arguing," Peeta reiterated slowly. "He hit you. I thought it would be a good idea for you guys to separate."