Not All Those Who Wander Are Lost If you want to get out alive, run for your life The Úlairi were once nine mortal men who received rings of power. Three were said to be great lords of Númenor and one an Easterling. The men bearing the rings used them for gaining power and wealth, becoming kings, sorcerers and warriors of old. Over time their greed for power consumed them and they began to fade until they were completely transparent, and so they fell under complete control of the once great necromancer Sauron. Their minds were wiped clean and bent to his will, unable to disobey him they became his deadliest servants. Condemned only to exist in the Wraith-world their existence became torturous, a blood curdling cry of death is all they dare to murmur. Thus the world of light blinded them, being reduced only to see shadows in their minds. But in the dark they were not too be crossed as they could perceive things humans cannot. The Úlairi or Nazgûl sense of smell is sharp allowing them to smell the blood of living things, which they envied. Often passersby claim their presence can be felt when they're in close proximity but only few live to tell the in black cloaks and mounted on black deathly horses they roam searching for the one ring of power for which they desire. To protect middle earth from the evil unleashed societies of hunters formed in allegiance to kill the wraiths, but they underestimated the power of Sauron. Prolonged encounters with the wraiths in a series of attacks caused long and torturous deaths among the hunter's. No mortal blade could wound the wraiths, No man could kill them. Having mortality as their weakness eventually the Wraith hunters fell, those left relinquished their faith by making deals with the darkest of necromancers and sorcerers for the power to defeat their enemy in exchange for their life force. They gained enhanced speed,agility, reflexes and ultimately the power of necromancer's but much like their adversary, no longer cared for the problems of men. The hunters basked in their new higher status and became uncaring for the problems of mortals. They fought evil with another kind of evil but all was not as it seemed and soon the hunters became the hunted, and so they fled, some dying with time, others in pursue of the impossible. Soon there was none. The lord of the Nazgûl possessed strong magical abilities, one slice from his Morgul blade mutated his victim into a lesser wraith, a slave to the nine and Sauron. In his century long pursue for the hunters the lord of the Nazgûl, 'The Witch-king of Angmar' stumbled upon a family had been killing Sauron's lesser servants in the east, a boy and a girl. They held power which he feared, power that would grow as they did. In his desperation he destroyed them. And so the line of hunters was lost, or so the story goes... A cold winter breeze fluttered like a ghost around the small town of Mournshaws leaving a blanket of frost on all it touched. The lone hunter hugged her flowing leather coat closer to her body trying to keep in some warmth from the unpredictable weather. A faint breeze and the occasional crinkling of dead leaves was all that could be heard as the hunter passed the humble brick cottages with soundless footsteps. The darkness held many horrors for those who knew where to look for them. Under the faint moonlight Blade's eyes flickered to the dirt road she had followed and her ears perked at the sound of crunching rocks. A creature had been hunting her for three days now, it lurked in the shadows and observed her. She changed course onto a path surrounded by dense forest, keeping a hand on her sword at all times. The trees groaned and rustled as the unknown creature thumped heavily through the foliage. The hairs stood up on her neck as the rustling halted abruptly. It was close. The hunter's sword singed the thick air through the layers of fog, her fingers gripped the weapon and she advanced toward the eerie cluster of vines and shrub with a sharp expression. Blade craned her neck a quarter of an inch toward the light trickling of water like a skimming rock across a pond.A sudden loud snap caught her attention and she turned on her heel just as a dark black mass hurdled toward her. A light grunt escaped her lips as she rolled and pushed herself of the damp ground with her knees. The hunter stayed in a kneeling position with her weapon held firmly behind her as she snapped her head left and right she was indeed a skillful hunter she could not see in the dark better than any other human. A strong breeze filtered through the trees and blew her tied hair around her shoulder with the shorter strands sticking to her face. The creature had scurried back into the shadow of the trees and thick bushes, she could hear it's heavy footsteps flattening the sticks and dead leaves that carpeted the ground. Blade turned with focused eyes, looking into all angles of the to spot where the creature had lurked previously, only the shadows of branches cast onto the ground could be seen. She shut her eyes and focused on the leaves rustling and heavy thumping footfalls, the strong wind was stilled slightly making the rustling more pronounced and vociferous. The vile creature sounded like it was wearing armour of some sort or chains that dragged along the ground. Its heavy and distorted breathing sounded like a wild animal who had been kicked in the nose one to many times. The hunter lifted her weightless dragon's glass sword in front of her face and in a swift motion thrust her weapon past her waist. The Orc gasped and looked down in horror at her sword that was pointed an inch from it's charcoal black throat. "Tell me why you are following me and I might just spare you!" Her voice was sharp and venomous, she shifted her body to face the creature. "I will tell you nothing, hunter filth" The creature's voice was deep and menacing but laced in fear. *Smack* Blade violently launched her elbow straight into what she assumed was the creature's nose. *Crack* The Orc squealed in pain and stumbled backward until its path was cut off by a thick tree. "Wrong answer!" She turned on her heel and grabbed the creature by it's collar, lifting it up and violently pushing it against the tree. While holding the orc up with one hand by its neck she aimed her sword with the other. "Now why are you here?!" She glared at the dark shadow of the creature. *Silence* "So you choose death" Blade retracted her sword then slashed at the Orc. "You are a threat to Sauron!" The creature spat desperately, Blade stopped her swing a mere inch from the Orc's jugular vein. "Why?" She asked, still holding her sword to the orc's neck. "He knows you've been tracking the Nazgûl, he knows you found what the Witch-king desires." "They don't have the one ring? Someone else has acquired it haven't they?" Blade raised an eyebrow in and her jaw clenched. The orc squirmed in her grip, it knew it had revealed too much. It was either die by her hand or by the hand of it's master. "Who has the ring?" She demanded firmly and pushed the creature harder against the tree. "A...hobbit, the say a...ranger travels with them" The creature spat out. Aragorn had warned her about tracking the Nazgul to Hobbiton, he told her she would be hunted for Sauron had eyes everywhere. She had watched over four hobbits on their journey, until they reached Aragorn at the Prancing Pony Inn. It was an effective plan until she ran into the Nazgul and the Hobbits were lost. She was glad to hear they had made it to the Ranger. "I did not ask who travels with them" She forced her blade closer to its neck in anger and the orc gulped. "Sauron...He knows the ranger is in acquaintance with you" It hissed in pain. "So he sends you?" Blade cocked her eyebrow and fought off the urge to laugh at the poor creature. " No" Chills ran up the hunter's back as the sound of thumping foot steps echoed in the dense forest. Slamming the Orc into the tree, she grunted in anger and released her grip on its neck. The creature was stalling her until reinforcements arrived. "Hunter, filth" the creature spat as it stepped under the moonlight revealing its grotesque face that almost resembled an ape bred with a pig. "Demon" Blade spat spinning her heel, she blocked its low swing and landed an uppercut on its jaw. It shrieked and stumbled backwards clutching its face as a black liquid oozed out of the wound. Sprinting forward she brandished her sword and in a downward motion impaled the distracted creature,letting out a low grunt it reached for her once more. She thrust her sword deeper into its chest until it stopped flailing. Sauron sent a small pack of Orc to kill her after she set one of the nine Nazgul alight and they fled from her. The creature's foul black blood sprayed in all directions when the hunter dislodged her sword. Her eyes glanced down to examine it's crooked nose, sallow-skin, wide hyena mouth and slant eyes, This creature was by far the most degraded and repulsive thing she'd every seen. But it was no Orc, No, It was a Uruk-Hai. The first she had seen. An Orc crossbred with Goblin. Aragorn had warned her about the stirring rumors at Isengard. Blade's ears perked as an eerie whisper whistled between the trees as if it was almost telling her to leave. She obliged and walked briskly out the forest while wiping her sword on her black breeches to remove the black ooze from her precious sword. The Witch King feared her and so he should. "Warlord venit, festïnaté" (Warlord come, hurry) she whispered as the sound of grunting and muffled speech grew louder behind her. Alone, she could fend off two or three of the hulking beasts, but a whole pack would be close to impossible. Blade's long black coat flapped behind her as she sprinted along the rocky path out of Mournshaws, careful to place her footing on the rocks so she couldn't be tracked. The Hunter's long raven black hair flew in all directions while she was met by an eerie cold breeze that seemed to slap her in the face. "I see you" A loud sinister whisper in the wind seemed to echo throughout the forest. The voice sent her mind into overdrive and she sprinted harder. The Hunter stopped at the edge of a small cliff that cut her path off and flickered her eyes back to the approaching hoard. Fog danced on the surface of the body of water that lay a few metres below the cliff. She took a deep breath before launching herself in the air and leaping into the deep stream of icy water at the bottom. Blade gripped on to her sword as she neared closer to the icy cold water, while taking a deep breathe she closed her eyes and awaited the frosty hell. *Splash* Her body stayed woodenly still as she broke through the layer of frost that blanketed the river. It felt as though she was being stabbed over and over again with thousands of pins. Then she did the most idiotic thing she could have done and tried to breathe, water flooded her lungs instantaneously. It choked her. Her legs kicked desperately to the surface of the river, swimming with armour and boots on was weighed her down considerably. The blurred water plants grabbed at her legs, threatening