A really- really bad idea - By Billybob-csagun36 Original title: Princess by Jeconais (from his abandoned section) Jeconais Note # 1 : This is in my "Abandoned" section _ and contains Stories that, for one reason or another, I've decided to abandon. Jeconais Notes # 2: Some times, writing fan fiction can be a very depressing thing. To draw an analogy here, this piece of writing is like a beloved family pet - you can't see the flaws, and you really like it's company. Until a good friend gently points out that your pet is terminally ill, and that it needs to be put down. Posting it now, in the state that it's in, is the only possible way I can commit fanfic euthanasia. Question; – is permission required for a rewrite of an abandoned story? 88**88 Billybob's opening notes : This story in its original form is a wandering mess. So I understand why it was (put-down) – *It mostly takes place at Hogwarts – I changed that - to a post graduation tale. *It contains a super powerful - super rich – unstoppable Harry at its core, who can defeat an army of guards and humiliate the Veela Royal family as well as the Muggle English Queen … basically; Harry does whatever he pleases. (I really don't like super powerful anyone stories) – *Most of the original story surrounds Melissa a 'full Veela' princess and Harry's courtship of her (in my version she and Harry becomes the sub-plot). *Half way into reading Jeconais original story, I abandoned any thought of doing a rewrite and focused instead on its subplot. – this was almost a toss away story, really – and involved two of Harry's best friends, who try (and failed) to hook him up on a blind date. This concept caught my interest. So I scraped the main story and I changed and expanded the sub-plot A-LOT. Thus; I avoid using 80% of the Melissa plotline and the queen of England bits too. I do however like to give full credit for my inspiration… so, thanks … Jeconais Rated M so as not to offend all those morality 'prigs' out there - my point here is I don't write smut ... period, but there is also adult level humor (in this tale) which will upset those that insist that all HP fan fiction be written for readers that are no more than twelve years of age. - W orst of al l, Hermione is depicted as a 'm orta l' that makes mistakes and that goes against ALL established (fan fiction) Cannon ... so if you are a big fan of the Goddess Granger, this story is not for you. I am at heart, a HUGE Ron fan. - An American trying to 'write' British and failing miserably. Alternate universe (AU): for obvious reasons that will jump out at you as you begin to read. I write as if I am performing in a stage play – with noticeable gaps and pauses (theatrical beats) to simulate actual spoken dialog. Before you ask; I do know that my spelling sucks and my grammar is atrocious. If this offends you (and everything offends someone these days) then stop now and run away in dread. * Author's disclaimer: This story is based in the world created by J. K. Rowling, she owns all legal rights to the characters, setting, etc. - I am merely borrowing the contents of the JKR world for my own amusement and that of my few readers. - In other words; her characters … 'Jeconis' original sub-plot story line … and my (usual) twisted version of it… savvy? Mostly: Hermione's P.O.V., Enjoy 88**88 88**88 Hallo. My name is Hermione Granger, and this is my account of some of the events leading up to_ the day , and what happened on that day which is now, as infamous as it is famous. Only, unlike other accounts of that historic event, I'm going to start with a secret – of how being a bossy-know-it-all, really embarrassed a couple of former Hogwarts girls, (but I got one of them a husband out of it … so that's a plus … isn't it?) In the process I humiliated myself beyond description and came extremely close to repercussions; that could have ruined the rest of my life. If this painful episode taught me anything, it makes it crystal clear that I need to really listen to Ron more often, the git can be right … (some of the time). And secondly: I am NOT the 'infallible goddess' that some twisted Wizarding-fans of the national celebrity Granger … think that I am. So, this is my 'warts' account (ugly but truthful) of the build up to that fateful day, and how I wandered blindly into it, secure in the knowledge that I knew better than Harry did; especially when it comes to what was good for him in the long run. – My goal was pure …I was just helping my best friend. - Who apparently; didn't need it … at all? 88**88 It seemed like such a good idea. Ron and I had crossed the final frontier, so to speak, and I was more than happy about it. Ron has certainly grown out of his jealousy phase - which is a good thing for him as well, otherwise; he'd never have crossed said sexual frontier with me. However; what really sealed the deal (for us) was what happened at Shell Cottage. Anyway, these days … I am happy, content, and according to some people, much more relaxed than ever. You want me to prove it? (Why does no one believe me?) okay … how about this, not only did I tell a joke last week – (well I did) to the shock of a entire family of red-headed someone's, who shall remain nameless. - I even played a prank (in public) that no-one knows I did. George took the credit and I'm fine with that. – He says, he's defending his future sister-in-law and I smiled whenever he says things like that_ and I sure hope he's right (I've botched-up things between us more often than Ron has – well, recently … anyway). Surprise-surprise … I make mistakes. – being in a relationship … well, stuff happens. Most people know that normally, I don't do pranks … I don't believe in taking the mickey on someone (by humiliating them) just for a laugh and thankfully; Ron has been on the receiving end of so many sibling pranks - he too has lost any enjoyment in pulling them on others. 'I love him for that … but even I admit … that there are always exceptions to any policy. I'm sure that Draco will recover the use of his reproductive equipment at some stage … Well, maybe he will (the pillock!). How dare he call me ' that ' in public? - Dearest George called what I did, appropriate for a deserving snake, but to me, revenge might be a better word. I may be a Mudblood, but I am certainly not anyone's … Manky slag (w hor e). I have also heard it said - that someone should have seduced me years ago. - -And I must say there is some merit to that idea. It's always been hard for me to get along with others, especially when I was younger. - My parents even had me in therapy for my anti-social behavior. - Anyway; my _Ron should be proud of me … for I refrained from hexing Charlie's 'naughty bits' into oblivion for calling me an asexual prig. – Apparently; peoples' options of me tend to go to extremes in both directions. However: this crude comment on my sexuality had a plus side, for it led my thoughts to my (second) best friend in the entire world, Harry James Potter. - It's easy for me to see, that a lack of sex in his life, has made him far to tense for my linking. Of course, he had the whole 'must save the world' thing on his shoulders, (for years) but he's promised me that he's done with that now. There is no denying that Harry had a horrible childhood and his Hogwarts days weren't all that much fun either. - So … in spite of experiences that would have sent anyone else to a padded cell … he's still remarkably grounded and I have often wondered why. After years of reflection, I have determined that Harry Potter's sanity or at least the foundation of it (not from me if you're wondering) comes from his right hand man (best mate) who when we first met; I considered to be a hot-headed, intellectually challenged and extremely loyal …dolt. I was brought up to believe that knowledge and intellect trumps everything else… period. So I naturally thought this barely literate, red-haired, country bumpkin was beneath me. I was on the other hand instantly attracted to the 'boy who lived' and was determined to become a-part of his inner circle. I thought he would be surrounded by an army of friends and admirers … nope. He always was unusually suspicious of strangers and authority figures and rightfully so – as he seemed to have someone trying to kill him every other month. When his only friend (the red-headed nitwit) insulted me, this adorable boy sought me out during a troll attack and saved my life …well the bumpkin physically saved me – (but you know what I mean) - - Damsel in distress; knight in shining armor… held upside down by a troll … actually, no help at all - and rather helpless. - - Fairy tales don't last long when confronted by reality …do they? - - Oh never mind that now; it was the thought that really counts … more so than who does the actual deed. – Year after year Ron was so consistently daft that … (oh never mind) but to offset his irritable qualities, my dad use to say that Ron had cart-loads of what he called common sense, which he predicted would rival (one day) my intellect. - At the time I thought such a notion – pure Rubbish, but now (years later) I wonder if my dad spoke more wisdom than he knew. – In spite of Ron's appalling manners, he was raised in the Wizarding world (unlike Harry and me) so this clod knew, like the back of his hand, all the customs and traditions of the Wizarding culture, (where we did not) and at first; I thought Harry kept him around as a- 'guide' -into this strange magical culture. In many ways my black-haired hero was naively innocent and sweet, with both boys (as expected) somewhat clueless about us girls, until their mid to late teens. - Harry still is girl-clueless; actually - which is why his ' still single ' status, is so bothersome. One of the differences between Harry and Ron as typical male idiots; is that post Hogwarts Ronald now towers over Harry (5'5" seeker's physique). - The red headed, is a muscular Adonis at nearly six feet tall and has been known to easily lift, an in a public insulting; Malfoy (a hate-filled bigot) up with one hand and hold him there while the ferret's eyes bulged and feet dangled mere inches above the atrium floor. A very enjoyable sight, I must say. Harry as a rule does not defend me or my honor (not physically) and frankly I don't generally need a defender (I fight my own battles; thank you) besides; Harry claims he doesn't have too … his former self-appointed bodyguard at school; really doesn't like anyone calling me bad names (like: Mudblood), especially when comes from a evil Malfoy. - And since we became a couple (happy sigh) it boils down to a race of who can react first. I hex and Ron gets …physical. After all these