Winnie POV "Winifred," my mother's sweet tender voice called, I looked up from across the creek towards our campsite, I sighed, I had told her how many times? She was supposed to call me Winnie. "Yes mama?" I answered, as I continued to search for Agates in the riverbed. "Come on back now, it's time for dinner," I smiled slightly as I heard her curse a cut finger she'd received chopping vegetables.I was indeed hungry, so I waded back to the Willow through the cold wet sand and sat atop the big bolder where I'd left my shoes and stockings. They all resided at the base of the aged tree to get my shoes. As I began to replace my stockings and shoes I realized that I didn't need to wear them, no one was around to judge me, I was free out here. Which was why I was so eager to go camping with my family in the mountains in the first place. So I could get away from all the people who questioned my every move. I wiggled my toes satisfied to feel the sand and dirt in between my toes. Smiling as I stood to go back to the campsite, I flinched at an ear piercing scream; Collapsing back onto the boulder, I moaned at the pain of the fresh scratches and bright bruises on my knees. I looked around shocked, my mama had been the one to scream. With wide eyes I peered out from the Willow leaves and crawled down the roots to the sandy riverbank. I approached the campsite quietly, even though my heart beat noisily in my chest. I peered around the side of the white canvas tent and called softly, "Mama?" my voice tentatively called, I heard nothing; trembling I walked around the sight and gasped, "MAMA!" I cried. She lay on the ground unmoving, unconscious, she was dead; collapsed next to the dinner she'd been making for that night. I fell to my knees beside her, tears streamed down my cheeks, I couldn't function. "Mama," I sniveled quietly, "Mama!" I wept in despair as I collapsed and hugged her limp body. There was blood all over her, something had bitten her in the throat, maybe a mountain lion. I continued to cry and sob, my father was supposed to be back any minute- I gasped as there was another terrified shriek off in the distance a ways, my father. I swallowed and stood slowly, my uneven breaths escaped silently from my mouth. I began to panic as I realized what ever had killed my mother had just stolen my father's life too. I could hear fast footsteps coming back to our campsite. There was a feral growl, the beast was coming closer if I didn't run away I would be next! I turned and ran back to the river, I slid down the damp grassy hill onto the riverbank, I looked around and in a panic I crawled into the grotto like roots of the willow tree. I tried to be as quiet as I could, maybe it wouldn't find me. *SNAP* I covered my mouth so I wouldn't scream, A twig had broken under the weight of the animal that was hunting me, it was big, I could hear it breathing. It seemed slightly disoriented. I trembled and listened as the footsteps grew closer and closer, right as they were about to cross in front of me, they grew still. There was a ferocious growl unlike anything I'd ever heard before. I squeaked out of fear, there was a quiet grumble the animal moved away slowly to look elsewhere. I remained very still and tried to look for a way out of the tree. Besides the opening at the front; I saw a break in the roots near the back, by the hill. Silently, I moved away from the opening to the back of the tree. As I reached my dress got such on a root and tore. I yanked my arm away and cut my hand open on a rock. I gasped and clutched it tightly. It wasn't a second later that there was a snarl, the beast was coming back, I gasped and scurried as fast as I could up the opening. Right as I made it out of sight the beast tore away at the roots and almost grabbed me. I shrieked and ran away from the river, never looking back. I climbed up a tree thick with leaves. The monster was coming, I could hear it running, and it was so fast that the only reason that I hadn't been caught was because it had gotten caught in the roots itself. That was one advantage of being little like I was. I could hide, maneuver easily and I was fast. Suddenly, it was quiet, I couldn't hear the monster anymore. My heart leapt as I saw a young man walk into the clearing, he was big and very strong. I knew he could save me from the monster. I scampered down the tree and scurried up behind him, already in full blown tears. I tugged on his sleeve and once he turned I hugged his waist, his initial reaction was to hold me. "Please help me!" I whimpered, "There's a mountain lion chasing me, it killed my parents, please you have to help me…" I continued to cry, my tears soaking his cream colored shirt. He reached down and grabbed my bloody hand, he looked at it "I fell down," I whimpered, I finally began to notice how strange this man was, his clothes were dirty and stained with blood, and he was very pale. I looked up at his face. "Where- where you chased by the lion too?" I asked. It was the only logical explanation for the blood and dirt on him. I gasped as I finally saw that he had pure black eyes, they seemed wild at the moment, I pulled away from him a little, he hadn't let go of my hand "C-Can you talk?" I asked, he smirked a little, and nodded, "What happened to your eyes, why are they black?" He knelt in front of me, I reached at his face confused. And oddly enough he breathed in deeply near my wounded hand, as if he were able to smell the spilt blood. "You'll see," he said in a deep menacing voice, I looked at him confused and gasped. I backed away and tried to pull away, he wouldn't let go of my hand. "Let me go!" I cried, he snarled and I screamed. He tried to pull me closer but I whacked him in the face with my bloody hand, leaving a stain on his face. He snarled and tossed me like a rag doll into the base of a tree. I crunched against the tree and remained breathless. Then I screamed as I felt a terrible pain arise in my leg, I looked down at where I felt the agony, my poor leg lay twisted at an odd angle and motionless. I couldn't move, my leg was broken, and I was too weak to go anywhere anyways. Where could I go to escape this fate? He would catch me in an instant. The man stood back up and slowly stalked his way over to me, I could only watch him drift closer. I came to the realization that I was looking at the creature who'd killed my mother and father. It was no animal, and it wasn't any human, this was a real monster. I cowered in the dirt and began to cry, Slowly, the man crouched in front of me, "Please," I sobbed, "Don't hurt me," He reached and took my thin shoulder in his massive hand, "No," I sobbed my voice cracked pathetically, "No, please," Then he pulled me with a great tug into his iron grip with what looked like a gentle hug from a distance; but was really him crushing me to keep me from thrashing. He smelled my hair, I continued to cry at the pain I was in, I gasped for precious air, he was suffocating me to the point that my ribs would break soon. I tried to push away from him. "Let me go!" I shrieked growing dizzy, the world around me spinning; "Shhh," he hissed, I gasped for air, I shrieked as I heard something inside me crack. I grunted in pain, my heart sped up, I was afraid of dying. "Stop it!" I sobbed, "Please it hurts…" I said softer than before, He loosened his grip and I took in a deep breath, but let a wail of agony out from the broken bones inside me; I was dizzy from the lack of oxygen. Before I could move away from his masculine chest, he moved. I gasped in agony as all of a sudden there was a terrible biting pain in my neck, I struggled to pull away. I moaned and whimpered at the violent pain. I choked on the hurt again and again. I begged him to stop, nothing would allow him to release me though. That's when the fire began, I gasped and screamed bloody murder as I felt the bite start to blaze. It got worse as I screamed again and again. Finally, I lost the strength to move, I could hardly breathe, time barely passed and my tears fell one by one slowly. I simply watched the cloudy sky as little rain drops fell onto my cheeks next to my tears. They fell so perfectly that you wouldn't be able to tell which drops were Tears and which were rain. In that moment, I wondered who made it rain? It had to be God, angles, some divine being of good? I knew they were real because I knew what this man holding me was; now that he had basically killed me, and he had drank mine and my parents blood; That meant he was a vampire. Devils and Demons or just plain old monsters were real and so that meant something had to be waiting for me to contradict what this bad man had done to me. I couldn't even cringe at the awful pain anymore, I felt the life leaving my body and when he finally pulled away with a violent jerk, I was torn away to the reality of my impending doom. His breaths were deep and ragged. His eyes were closed, I watched his face with wide eyes, and I remained motionless. I was too afraid to close my eyes so I just lay in his arms wounded and waiting to die. Unlike his, my breaths were quiet, my heart was stuttering. I lifted my hand to my chest and rested it over my heart trying to find a steady beat. He looked at my raised hand and cupped his hand around mine holding it softly. I looked up at him confused, his eyes were full of fear and guilt. "I'm sorry," he whispered, "I didn't want to-to hurt you," What? What did he mean? He didn't want to do this? He'd had too? Been forced too? By what? I rested my head against his chest barely understanding that what had just happened wasn't personal. My eyes focused in the distance on the dark clouds in the sky. "What's your name?" he asked nervously "W-Win-Winnie." I murmured breathlessly, another rain drop fell on my cheek, or was it a tear? I couldn't tell or feel anymore. "w-who are you?" I managed to whisper in a bewildered voice, "E-Emmett, Emmett Cullen… Winnie how old are you?" He was afraid to ask, he knew I was little. "E-Eleven." His face twisted in agony, "Eleven," He said ashamed, Another tear ran down my cheek, "D-Don't l-le-lea-leave me a-all al-alone to d-die," I whimpered "Shhh," he murmured reassuringly. "I'm not leaving you, I know you can't understand that that wasn't me hurting you." "N-Not you?"