I DO NOT own either of the Percy Jackson series! I only own Juliette, Indigo, and Aaron! If you haven't read The Heroes of Olympus series, you won't get it. If you haven't finished that series, I suggest not reading this because I have and there WILL BE SPOILERS! Happy reading. -avatarspiriaangkorra XO-Juliette-XO "Goooooo Falcons!" my friend Rachel Dare (Rachel came back by the request of Ella the Harpy and Tyson the Cyclops in this story.) and I cheered on the basketball boys who were now playing. "They're all over the place out there on that court aren't they Jules?" Rachel muttered in my ear. I stifled a giggle. "Yeah. No kidding. And I thought football was all over the ground." Rachel laughed. The buzzer on the scoreboard sounded for halftime, which was a relief because I was parched. "I can pay this time," Rachel said as we waited in line at the concession stand after we performed our halftime routine. "But you paid last time. It's my turn." "Really Jules. It's on me." "Or I can just pay for the both of you girls and call it even?" a very familiar male's voice spoke from behind us. "Percy!" Rachel and I turned around with a smile on each of our faces. "Hey Annabeth," I grinned at the girl. "Juliette. Rachel," Annabeth nodded her head at each of us and smiled back sweetly. "And don't forget us!" Leo popped from behind them with Callie on his arm. I laughed again. "Hey Leo. Hey Callie." "Hello Juliette," Callie smiled. "I think we're missing a few people," Rachel said. "Or maybe not," Piper, Jason, Frank, and Hazel said from behind us. (Frank and Hazel are visiting.) "Actually, we still are…" I looked around for Indigo, "Where's my sister?" "Here…" the moody blond walked up to where we were standing. "Can't you ever wear something that doesn't make you look like someone, or you, just died?" "It's no wonder Nico likes her so much," Leo agreed, grinning at Indi. (Nico's a sweetheart, so I decided not to make him gay. I can actually hear the majority of you sigh in relief and say "Yes!" because none of us could actually believe he was. I mean, there was a good reason. Percy's gorgeous! But enough about Percy and Nico being either gay or not gay, we have a story to finish here…) "Haha. Very funny guys. And Nico isn't always like that. He's really sweet…" she had a dreamy and far-away look in her violet eyes. Although there was something inside of me that wanted to join her in fawning over her love life, she was my little sister, so I fake gagged instead. "I get the feeling you all are talking about me again aren't you?" Nico asked, appearing out of nowhere like a shadow, scaring me half to death. (Haha. Scared her half to death and he's a child of Hades. I crack myself up. Any who… Moving on…) Nico crossed his arms. Sometimes, I actually see what my little sister sees in him. He has dark floppy hair that makes him pretty cute in the "I-wake-up-like-this-and-didn't-have-to-do-anything-to-it" kind of way. It also says: "I-don't-know-I'm-actually-this-attractive." And other times I don't know what she sees in him. He's really pale. And his eyes are such a dark brown that they almost look black at times. And not to mention the fact that he's pretty depressing to be around. Rarely does he smile. That is, unless Indigo is around. Nico is also like borderline emo, if you will. He wears black all the time and it has skulls on it. He also had this silver skull ring he wears. But then again, the only colors Indigo wears are black and her namesake indigo. Very rarely does she wear a lighter shade of blue. And even then it's still a dark shade of blue. But he makes her happy. And although I'd never say it out loud, they make a pretty darn cute couple. And if she's happy and is "in love" with the guy, then I guess it makes me happy too. "She's just jealous she doesn't have a boyfriend," Indi grinned at me and slipped her hand into Nico's, intertwining their fingers. "Yeah right. Like I'd be jealous of him ." I rolled my eyes. "I'm just glad you finally found someone to make you happy bro," Percy punched Nico's arm playfully. "I am to," Hazel smiled at Nico like he was her adored little brother. (Maybe cuz he is...? *In distance* Spiri! Finish the freaking story! *Back to me.* Aye cap'n!) "Gag me with a spoon…" I muttered as our cheer coach yelled at Rachel and I to hurry up because the ballgame was about to start again. "Stay out of trouble," I told Indi, "And please don't stick your tongue down my sister's throat again…" I pleaded with Nico. I turned and left so I could finish cheering on this ballgame. OoOoOoOoOoOo XXX-Indigo-XXX Jeesh. Ever since my first kiss with Nico, Julie's been on my case about it. But I have to admit, he did kinda sneak his tongue in there. And another thing I'm admitting, I would let him kiss me again like that every day. ;) Lol. The ballgame was finally over. And with my help, Central Park East, our school, won by a landslide. I'm going to guess you're wondering what I mean by "with my help." Well you see, I'm like a real-life magician. I have the power of magic literally right at my fingertips. If I wanted to, I could be like Maleficent and put a curse on a person. But magic has rules to it you see. There always has to be a way out. Which is really stupid. What's the point of putting a curse on someone if they have even the slightest chance of getting out of it? I guess it's the lovey-dovey Happily Ever After my sister would answer with. I don't get it. She loves the idea of love. Everything about it. Crap, she was even born on the most lovey-dovey day of the year! Her middle name is freaking Valentine! But yet she still hates my relationships with guys. Especially my relationship with Nico. The third-most important relationship in her life to worry about (coming after our father's and her own of course), and she tries to butt into my happiness. It's technically her second-most important if you think about it because she doesn't have a boyfriend. And maybe that's her problem. Juliette and I are total opposites. I have blond hair. She has a caramel color that's tinted with red. I was born at midnight on the day with the longest night. She was born in the day on the day of love. I prefer darker colors. She likes pinks and reds and whites. She pretty much lives for clothing and shoes and makeup while I could care less about it and like practicing my magic and playing video games all day. She works at a shoe store and I am only 14, so I couldn't work even if I wanted too. She's close to Dad and our stepmom Mindy. I'm in the background, always searching for a way to leave the house. She has something of her sweet and beautiful mother's (a gold ring on a gold chain Jules wears as a necklace.) I have nothing but the fact that I'm almost certain mine was a prostitute, or maybe just a slut who fell from the whore tree and banged every guy on the way down. She has pretty honey colored eyes, I have a dark violet. But I have an advantage on Juliette. She may have all of her friends, but she's alone. I have Nico. Speaking of the cutie, he bumped my shoulder. "The ballgame's over Indi. You kinda zoned-out on me again." "Sorry about that." "What were you thinking about?" "My sister." "You do that a lot." I sighed. "I know." He held my hands and hoisted me to my feet so we could leave. I laced our fingers together and we walked out the door to catch up with the others. "There you are! I was just about to go inside and look for you! You didn't answer your phone!" Juliette had a scared and crazy look in her eyes. "My phone died…" I slightly hung my head in shame. She sighed. "I'm just glad you're ok. I was pretty worried about you, you know." "I know," I offered her a small smile. She smiled in return. "Nico." A man's voice snapped from behind all of us. Nico's father, whose name Nico refuses to mention, stood in there with Nico's stepmom and older half-brother. His dad, excuse me, father , was wearing black dress shoes, black dress slacks, and a black overcoat covering what I would guess was a nice black dress shirt. His black hair was greasy, but was in its usual over comb. "It's time to go." His black eyes flickered over all of us. They stopped on Percy and Annabeth, recognizing them, and went to Nico and I's interlaced hands. Nico stayed at what is kinda like a summer camp, but stays there all year-round and goes to his father's on the weekends. Aaron, his older brother, bit his lip and waited for his father to blow. But he stayed calm and said nothing about it. "Sir," I started meekly, "could Nico and Aaron join us all for pizza?" His father looked at Nico's stepmother. She gave him a look that said "you-know-I-have-nothing-to-do-with-decisions-regarding- him ." Man. Sometimes I wanted to slap that bitch in the face. "Fine. You have an hour. I let you know when I'm ready to leave and go home." And with that, his father and stepmother turned and got into their black Suburban and left Aaron and Nico there. I glanced over at my sister. I could tell by the way she was blushing and looking at Aaron she was regretting the fact that she chose to wear a hoodie and sneakers after the game. I took her by the arm and led her to Percy's car, the one we were riding in, and said: "Come one Lovesick." OoOoOoOoOoOo XO-Juliette-XO Indigo sat in between Nico and me in the very back seat of Percy's car. Sally and Paul, Percy's parents, got him a big car so he could tote us all around. Up in front were Percy and Annabeth, holding hands across the middle console between them. Every so often, Percy would gently slip his hand away to steer, but quickly put it back where it was. Leo, Callie, and Rachel were sitting in the middle seats in that order in front of us. Leo and Callie would whisper in each other's ears. Sometimes, they would even kiss each other somewhere on the other person's face. My sister and Nico were holding hands and talking quietly to each other. We were listening to Percy's new Fall Out Boy CD (you're welcome) . In the other car, Jason and Piper were in the front seats with Frank, Hazel, and Aaron riding in the back. Coach Hedge, Mellie, and their baby Chuck were meeting us for pizza. All of a sudden, there was this green light and green gas coming from Rachel's eyes and mouth. And when she spoke, it didn't even sound like her. Taking the Valentine the curse shall break But will leave a new one in its wake. Both boys of Hades will be doomed If no one acts suddenly soon. The daughter of Hecate shall be through And Pluto's offspring, be gone with you! Waves and Lighting will battle once more The oath and fire evermore. Rachel groaned and held her head. The green in the air was gone and her normal voice had returned. "What just happened?" Indi asked. I looked over at her to make sure she was ok. Other than the fact that