A/N: another i-pod shuffle This is a Edward/Jacob one shot inspired by the song Walk of Shame by P!nk and that's all you need to know Apologies spelling, grammar and OOCness Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of it's characters, that right goes to Stephanie Meyer "Shit shit shit shit shit." Jacob cursed softly as he went around the room, pulling his shoes on at the end of the creaky broken bed and rushing over the clutter on the floor on the other side of the room as quickly as the painful limp he moved with would allow. Morning light shone brightly through the large windows, beaming down happy rays of morning joy as the sun slowly started to rise. A warm spring breeze blew through the window, carrying the scent of forest and pine as it lazily drifted through the air while the sounds of chirping birds filled the air in cheerful harmonies to greet the new day. Jacob glared at the window as he pulled on his crumpled shirt, before turning back to check and make sure that he took everything he owned. He'd never be able to live it down if he actually had to come back for anything in this god forsaken house, the shifter would rather leave it here for all eternity than have to go through any more of this trauma. At that Jacob paused to take a deep breath and try to calm himself, but it was hard trying to calm down when the very breath he took made his nose burn with pain and his blood start to simmer with anger. But then again, his nose wouldn't be burning with that sickeningly sweet scent of bleach if he hadn't been a complete idiot and done something completely stupid. But it was an accident. Sort of... Look, Jacob hadn't planned on sleeping-... On going home with 'him' of all the damned souls in this world, it just sort of, Happened. You see, all he did was go to Jessica Stanley's party. A party that Bella invited him to herself, a party she promised would be leech free for an entire night, but evidently wasn't leech free for an entire night. Jacob made that discovery the moment that he pulled up in front of Jessica's house and saw the shiny black volvo parked along with twenty others along the suburban street. The wolf had planned on just leaving but he couldn't just leave without telling Bella first right? I mean he promised his best friend that he'd be there and Jacob hated that look that Bella gave him whenever he broke a promise. He hated it so much he promised himself never to do it again. So he went inside the crowded house. He tried to ignore the loud music, the clouds of smoke and varying scents of too sweet perfume and the underage drinkers scattered all over the Stanley house and went to look for his friend. When he found her, she gave him a hug and begged him to stay, of course the leech wasn't too far behind. Lurking there among the humans, as always dressed like he just stepped out of a copy of vogue while looking as pale and emo as ever. Jacob had grinned when the vampire fixed a glare on him as Bella wrapped her tiny arms around him and held back a growl when the vampire smirked as Bella went back to his side and he wrapped an arm around her waist. The fucking leech even leaned down to press a kiss on the girl's cheek, earning a blush from Bella and a glare from the wolf. Of course, Jacob tried. He tried his hardest to talk to Bella and ignore the cold one's existence completely, but unfortunately that proved to be nearly impossible. If it wasn't the sickening scent of bloodsucker clogging up his nose, it was the way the vampire seemed to smirk or crack a smug smile in the middle of the conversation, letting Jacob know loud and clear that he was invading the shifters thoughts. It all got to be too much, so Jacob made up some excuse about getting a drink (or maybe it was about going to the bathroom he can't remember which) and escaped the house as quickly as possible. He promised Bella that he wouldn't leave and went outside to the back yard, where the sound of the music carried over and dozens more teenagers who were all scattered around the pool and patio. Jacob took a deep breath of the cool night air, before deciding that he'd need a drink if he was going through with this and he headed over to the Forks high students that all stood huddled around a beer keg on the lawn. One beer, two beers, three beers, four. Jacob drifted along the house and talked to a couple of Forks high students he's seen on the rez a couple of times. Eric kept him company for a couple of minutes before disappearing to some other corner of the house. Jessica came over with Angela, batting her eyes at him and flirting with a drunken slur that made him cringe. Jacob made sure to detach her from his arm and move as far away as humanly possible from the girl only to get cornered by Mike Newton five minutes later. Seven beers, eight beers, nine beers, ten. Jacob excused himself and went to the bathroom but found Mike right there waiting for him when he got back out. Never did Jacob think that he'd ever see the day when another human being was clingier than Jessica Stanley. Twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen. He wasn't drunk, just lightly buzzed. Fact of the matter is that it would be virtually impossible for him to really get drunk, the shifter gene made sure of that. No matter how much he ever drank he could only get it as far as that warm buzz in the back of your head. You know the one where you're pretty friendly but not quite friendly enough to go home with any random asshole you meet. Mike's come on's were getting pushier with every second, so pushy that Jacob's buzz was starting to wear out and the shifter was seriously starting to consider punching the blonde in the face to see if that was enough of a hint for him to back off when he was saved by his worst enemy. Edward fucking Cullen. "Jacob." The vampire said as he let his eyes drift down to the blonde crowding Jacob's personal space, gold eyes narrowed minutely before Edward looked back up at Jacob. "I think you've had enough to drink, maybe I should give you a ride back home." Of course, Jacob knew that Edward knew that getting drunk for a shifter was impossible so in that moment Jacob was somewhere between relieved and completely pissed off. Relieved, since he now had the perfect excuse to escape the less than subtle advances of Mike Newton without getting arrested for assault, and completely pissed off since the leech had no right to just come in and save him like some night in shining fucking armour. But for now, Jacob was willing to ignore his anger and just go with it. If only to get as far away from this party as humanly possible. Oh, God. Mike's hand is on his ass. "Where's Bella?" Jacob asked as he squirmed out of the blonde's reach trying to seem as neutral as possible only to blink in surprise when he caught the vampire openly glaring at Mike. "Hey, Cullen!" Edward's eyes snapped back up at Jacob, "What?" "Bella, where is she?" "I took her home ten minutes ago, I just came back to check and make sure you're alright." "I-" "He's fine Cullen." Mike grinned as he leaned over towards Jacob's ear and practically purred out, "But hey, if you want a ride, I wouldn't mind giving you one." Jacob's eyes went wide he immediately squirmed away again, "Yeah, no thanks." "Aw c'mon," Mike slurred, "I promise it'll be fun." "Jacob," Jacob's head snapped down to his wrist when the vampire's ice cold hand wrapped around it and started to tug him away, "C'mon, let's go." Jacob gave a quick nod and let Edward lead him through the crowd of teens out into the open air and back to Edward's car, but stopped just as Edward got into his car and looked back at his own which was parked a few spaces away. Boxed in by at least four others and the shifter gave a heavy sigh. Shit. "Get in." Jacob glared at the vampire as he turned to go back to his own car, "No fucking way." "Would you rather get a ride from him?" Edward said nodding his head back towards the house and Jacob looked back, only to cringe when he saw Mike standing on the porch. Damn, he really is worse than Jessica. Letting out one more heavy sigh, Jacob opened the door to the passenger seat and slid inside. "Seat belt." Edward growled out and Jacob rolled his eyes as he put his seat belt on. "For the record I didn't need your-" Jacob cut himself off when the volvo suddenly jerked out of it's parking spot, forcing him back into the seat before it started tearing down the street. "Fuck!" Jacob gasped while his hands went down to grasp his seat in a death grip before looking back to Edward as his buzz almost instantly vanished, "What the hell?! Are trying to get me killed?!" Edward said nothing, the vampire just kept his eyes on the road and Jacob glared when the volvo suddenly made a sharp turn as it continued to speed down the road. The shifter's breath hitched in his throat as he all but screeched, "Damn it leech, what the hell is wrong with you?!" "Nothing." The vampire ground out as he kept his eyes on the road while his hands seemed to tighten around the steering wheel, making the leather covering squeak in protest. Jacob growled in annoyance, 'I should've stayed at the party with Mike-' "Do you have any sense of self preservation whatsoever?" Edward growled out, cutting into Jacob's train of thought making the shifter frown in confusion. "What-" the wolf gasped again when the car made another sudden sharp turn and he started panting in his seat. "Do you have any idea what kind of..." The vampire stopped as the car started to speed up and Jacob pressed his back further back into his seat. "This isn't even the first time this has happened. You just go around completely oblivious to the fact that you..." The car thumped to a screeching halt right in front of the Cullen house, making Jacob reach out to brace a hand on the dashboard and gasp as he stared at the vampire with wide eyes. "What the fuck is your problem?!" Edward glared at Jacob and the shifter almost flinched back in surprise at the anger he saw there before he quickly pulled himself together and glared back. " You are my problem." "Me?" "Yes, you." "Look bloodsucker, I didn't ask for your help back there. You all but blackmailed me into getting into your car and I agreed like the fucking idiot I was for some reason, but I didn't make you do anything-" "What the hell were you doing with Yorkie and Stanley and then Newton?!" Jacob just blinked in surprise, "Excuse me?" Edward all but ripped his seat belt off and Jacob briefly wondered why he even needed to wear a seat belt when the vampire shut off the ignition before turning to fully face the shifter in the passenger seat. "Stanley and Newton, mutt! First Stanley's hanging all over you when I take Bella home and then I come back to find you just standing there with Newton's hands all over