A/N: Yeah I want no complaints about the alpha/omega universe doesn't work this way. I don't know how this verse works, I just made up my own rules as I went along. Its just meant to be a practice piece for this James/Severus request I got. Apologies spelling grammar and OOCness Disclaimer: I don't own twilight or any of it's characters O.K, yeah he gets it. He's an asshole. He was stupid, irresponsible, reckless and just plain wrong but I mean, come on, how was he supposed to know that things would turn out like this? This isn't the way that things are supposed to work. Alpha's aren't supposed to go into heat. Alpha's shouldn't be able to get other alpha's pregnant and most of all alpha's shouldn't have to ask permission to see their own offspring. That's not how things are supposed to work. Edward remembers that talk Carlisle had with him and Emmett after they came of age as if it were yesterday. He explained how the entire alpha gene thing works. How their bodies would change, hormone imbalances, increased aggression and strength. His father explained everything on mating and knotting, how to do all of that safely and how to avoid pregnancy should either of them come into contact with an omega that just happens to be in heat. Being at the tender age of fourteen, Edward had blushed throughout the entire thing while Emmett as always seemed oblivious to the world. He wasn't even aware that that's how the world really worked, but as he thought about it, he realised that he's met quite a few alpha's and omega's without even realising it since he hadn't gone through the change yet. So he couldn't pick up on scents or behaviour. But still, if anything like this could happen, shouldn't Carlisle have warned them about it so they (a.i Edward Cullen) wouldn't do something horrifically stupid like actually get Jacob Black pregnant. Apparently Carlisle Cullen, medical practitioner extraordinaire was just as stumped as he was when he found out but after a little research the doctor found out that it was perfectly possible for one alpha to impregnate another. It was just extremely rare and extremely difficult to do. According to Carlisle's research there were a number of extenuating circumstances you'd need to achieve for that to even be a possibility. Firstly the two alpha's would need to have had extensive amounts of contact with each other prior to the act. Check one on that one since Bella, Edward's omega girlfriend, was friends with Jacob and she wanted him and Jacob to get along for some reason. Of course Edward hadn't wanted Bella anywhere near Jacob since the whole alpha/omega we're just friends thing never worked out for anyone involved. It's all good and well until the first heat rears it's ugly head and suddenly all "friend zones" turn into "fuck me hard and fast zones". Yeah, Edward didn't want Jacob around Bella, but Bella was stubborn so Edward gave in. If only to make sure the mutt kept his hands away from his girlfriend. Second, the two alpha's would have to have incredible amounts of hormonal tension between one another, regardless of whether it was good or bad. Unfortunately that meant that the constant arguments that sparked between Edward and Jacob were the cause of their current situation. Because Jacob Black hates Edward Cullen and Edward hates Jacob right back, which wasn't abnormal since very few alpha's were able to stay around one another for too long without territorial instincts kicking in, in some way. That's why the only alpha's Edward could stand being around were Emmett and Carlisle since they were related and didn't really perceive each other as threats. And also of course Leah, who was mated with his little sister Alice who just happened to be an omega. Even though it was normal, somehow Jacob was the one alpha that could get a rise out of him without even saying anything at all. They've been bickering since the moment they met and since that moment they're territorial hormones would kick in and suddenly Edward could recognise Jacob's scent coming a mile away. He could tell when the quileute was angry or sad, happy or indifferent, it even got to the point where he knew Jacob's scent just as well as he knew his own. And then thirdly, and this is probably the most important one of all, both alpha's had to want it. It sounds strange doesn't it? But if Edward were honest with himself, he'd admit that he'd wanted Jacob that night and not just for one quick roll in the hay either. He wanted to own Jacob, to possess him. He wanted to be the only thing the younger man could think of, the only one he felt, heard or tasted. That night, Bella left a few minutes before since she had a family thing scheduled with her mom and dad for the next morning and Edward had only planned to stay in Jacob's apartment long enough to tell the quileute to stay away from his girlfriend. They started arguing and tensions were high. Emotions ran wild, hormones broke loose and suddenly they were on the floor ripping at clothes and clutching at skin while their mouths crashed in a rage filled kiss. Jacob was always strong, always dominating, always so fucking resistant that it drove Edward insane with the need to conquer him. To make Jacob submit and give up, because that's what alpha's do. They lead, they dominate. They command. But Jacob wouldn't stop fighting him, he wouldn't just give it up and submit already and that's when the thought crossed his mind. Somewhere in the time between fighting out of Jacob's hold and pinning him down to the ground Edward had that single insane little thought. If he did sleep with Jacob, if he managed to get Jacob pregnant with his child, in a way he would sort of own him. He'd have a piece of Jacob that no one else would (or ever could) dream of having if they valued their lives. Jacob would be his, from that point on and for as long as that child lived he would own Jacob Black. The thought embedded itself in Edward's mind and grew into an idea and then a vision and then suddenly Edward was visualising what Jacob would look like carrying his child. Giving birth to his child, what would he/she look like? He or she would look like a little bit of both of them and with that would come the constant reminder that Jacob submitted, that he belonged to Edward and no one but Edward. Edward's inner alpha purred in approval and suddenly it felt like every touch, every kiss and every thrust that he made was made with a purpose. Leading to the mess he's in now. Of course that theory also suggests that Jacob wanted to have Edward's child as much as Edward wanted it as well. Unfortunately Edward would never know the answer to that question since he and Jacob only spoke once before the baby's birth and then never again. Again, yeah, he'd been an asshole. He denied any claim to Jacob's child and the quileute had just given him a mocking laugh as he walked out the door, saying that he figured as much and that he didn't want anything from Edward he just thought that the older man should know. Total asshole. But Edward just couldn't believe it at the time, it didn't make any sense and it sure as hell didn't fit in anywhere with his plans. Edward had planned on graduating college, before getting a good job at a credible law firm. Then he'd find a nice sweet omega to settle down with, get married, have a few kids and live the american dream. But fate, the hateful little harpy it is decided on a different route. And he was doing so well too. He graduated, got a job at a law firm, got himself a great apartment, found sweet lovable Bella and was even planning on proposing to the girl just a few months before. But then came Jacob and the fighting and the stupid heat and now... Now he has a son. Edward hasn't spoken to Jacob for over a year, not since the last time that the quileute showed up at his door to inform him that he was pregnant with Edward's child so there's no real way for him to know that Jacob gave birth to a boy. He just did. It started about a month back when Edward made a trip down to Washington state to pick up Bella after her lectures had finished for the day. Thankfully Bella was completely oblivious as to what had happened between Edward and Jacob. Jacob just called her one day and told her that it would be best if they just called it quits and never said a word to her again. Bella saw Jacob around campus every now and then, but Jacob always made sure to stay far away from the girl. A fact that broke Bella's heart since she couldn't understand what she'd done wrong. Of course Edward knew exactly why Jacob stopped hanging out with Bella. After what they did he'd have to stay away from her if he wanted to keep what he and Edward had done a secret, since Edward's scent would undoubtedly be all over him for the entirety of his pregnancy and he really didn't want his best friend to know. He caught a scent the moment he stepped out of his car and closed the door. It was earthy but sweet, Edward was filled with warmth as the scent enveloped his senses and gave him a sense of belonging, a feeling of peace that he could only describe as a feeling of home. Edward had followed the scent all the way to the food court on the upper east side when he froze as he caught sight of Jacob Black. The younger man still looked about the same way he did that last night that Edward saw him. Bright, full of life and just glowing with some unknown halo that somehow always surrounded him. He'd cut his hair shorter but his body hadn't changed a bit, Edward might have believed that he never got pregnant and that Jacob really was lying like Edward hoped he was, when he took a deep breath and realised that the scent he'd caught earlier was coming from Jacob. Right at that moment the raven looked up at Edward and stared into his eyes in shock until those brown orbs filled with anger and he glared at the older man before turning around and walking away. It wasn't till a few days later that he saw Jacob again and in that time Edward had been driving himself insane with the urge to see Jacob again, but more than that Edward's inner alpha was screaming for him to follow that scent. To find the reason that Jacob's scent now held so much comfort to him. That's when he found it. He was at a coffee shop of all places, it was lunch time and he'd just gotten out of a meeting with one of his senior associate's clients. There was a park on the other side of the road that Edward's only seen a handful of times on the few occasions he drove by and Edward probably would have ignored it and drove by again just like he has all those other times before, if it weren't for the scent that hit him in the face the moment he stepped back out of the coffee shop's glass doors. It was that same scent he smelled coming from Jacob only this time it was so much stronger than what it was before and Edward only just registered his movements as he followed the scent,