A/N: Usually I don't like making ongoing chapters for stories I already closed the book on. Yeah sometimes I might have a couple ideas for further chapters but this is one specifically is of those stories that I had absolutely no intention of ever continuing. So don't ever get used to this. Any way there are three parts including the first one which is Choices . If you haven't read that one then I guarantee complete confusion. Apologies spelling, grammar and OOCness Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of its characters She couldn't do it. Alice stood by one of the tables set up around the garden with a tray balanced against her hip in one hand while the other picked up one piece of glassware after the other before setting it down carefully into the tray. Esme and Carlisle were putting away the tables and chairs on the other side of the garden, while Jasper and Emmett helped take down some of the decorations and lights they had set up all around the garden. Rosalie was also reluctantly helping out, taking the already stacked boxes back into the house before she started folding some of the linen table cloths and put them away. The wedding is over, the ceremony was beautiful and the reception went flawlessly. Edward and Bella left for their honeymoon just a few hours ago after bidding happy farewells to their friends and family that had come and the last few guests left little over an hour ago. Everything went fine, perfectly in fact. Edward and Bella were married, the wolves had been on their best behavior throughout the entire affair and Charlie seemed to finally be coming around as he wished the happy couple well just before they left. Everything went great. But that didn't stop Alice from feeling hollow inside. The visions she had during the ceremony still left her shaken, especially now that she'd made her decision, a decision that ruined any chances that Edward could have had with Jacob. The pixie felt horrible about what she'd done the futures she changed through her act of silence but she just couldn't do it. It was selfish of course she knows it is but she just couldn't bear the thought of losing Jasper to anyone, not even someone as sweet as Seth. He's the love of her life, they've been together for years Alice couldn't imagine going a single day without him and Alice was determined to make sure that she didn't. She stayed still forced a smile onto her face and made sure to block off all of her thoughts so Edward wouldn't be able to read them. During the ceremony Edward's attention was focused on Bella and only Bella so she didn't have much to worry about then. But at the reception Edward noticed that something was wrong. It wasn't uncommon for his family members to try and keep him out of their thoughts, you know privacy and all that, but Alice had never put up walls so thick before in her entire life, at least not to keep her brother out and since he could see his family's thoughts on the ceremony and saw Alice's strange behavior through their eyes Edward was sure that something was up. But Alice denied it; she just told Edward not to worry about it and go spend some time with his new wife all with a smile on her face while her conscience tore her inside out. But it's for their own good. Edward will be happy with Bella, Alice is sure of it and as for the wolves they'll be better off without them anyway. Alice still can't imagine how Jacob, Paul and Seth would deal with being mated to vampires or how the pack and the council would take that news. Despite what she saw there's a real chance that things don't go well at all. I mean what if Jacob's father ends up disowning him over it, what if they were forced to leave their home. Not to mention the Volturi and how they'd react to a wolf mating a vampire in the guard. None of those scenarios seemed like they had a snowballs chance in hell at working out. So Alice is sure that she made the right decision. It'll all work out for the best. So why won't that hollow feeling in her chest go away? "Alice." The pixie looked up to find her husband standing right next to her with a deep frown marring his features as his eyes filled with concern, "Are you sure you're alright?" Alice took a silent breath before giving another smile, "Yes, I'm sure. It's just been a long day that's all, so much has happened, it still feels a little overwhelming." Jasper just frowned, he could feel Alice's emotions and they were anything but fine. Alice was feeling guilty about something, although Jasper couldn't imagine what on earth that could be. She's been this way since the vision she had during the wedding. Jasper is sure she had a vision since he's seen his mates eyes glaze over enough times to know the signs, but when he asked Alice just shrugged it off and said that it was nothing important all with that forced smile on her face and all while she clutched his hand tight within her own. Something is very wrong but for some reason Alice won't talk about it. Jasper isn't sure what to do since he doesn't want to push Alice into talking about something she doesn't want to talk about, but at the same time his mate's emotions were distressing. He could influence them, take the guilt away and make Alice feel better but that would only be a temporary fix. Guilt is an emotion that really shouldn't be messed with and since the pixie won't tell him what she feels so guilty about it could be all the more dangerous if he just starts fiddling with her emotions. So he'll wait, Alice will tell him eventually all he has to do is be patient. "Alright." The empath gave her a smile as he leaned forward to kiss her forehead but almost frowned when that feeling of guilt spiked and grew along with shame and sadness. He opened his mouth to ask when Alice just looked away and turned back towards the house. "I should put these away." Jasper let her go still staring at her back in concern while Alice just walked back to the house and started the slow process of loading up the dishwasher. It's all for the best. It's all for the best. It's all for the- Alice froze mid movement as her eyes glazed over. The pixie wanted to scream when she realized that she was having yet another vision, like they haven't caused her enough pain for one day already. The vision was off, all muddled and distorted. Not even her visions of the wolves looked like this, it was like looking through a dirty lens, all foggy and blurred. But eventually it cleared if only a little and she gasped at what she saw. Dropping the tray and all of the glasses on it so they shattered on the floor in millions of shards. "Alice?!" someone called but Alice wasn't paying attention to them she was watching him . It was one of the wolves. Big just like all the others only he had grey fur with dark spots. The wolf howled in pain writhing in agony against the snow covered ground. There was something else going on around them something just out of her field of vision but Alice couldn't tell what it was. She saw herself kneeling down beside the wolf just as it phased back but didn't stop making pain filled sounds. Alice let out another sharp gasp at all the blood on the shifter's skin, seeping out through the wound on his neck as he lay naked in the snow. " NO!" Alice could feel her own panic through the vision, gut retching fear as she quickly moved forward to pull the shifter into her lap and tried to stop the bleeding. " Embry, stay with me." " Al-…" Embry chocked on his own blood, with some of it streaming down his jaw and neck when he coughed and it sprayed out over both of them, but Alive barely reacted as she just kept trying to stop the bleeding. The psychic started to sob when Embry spoke again, "Alice run." " No, no we can still save you Carlisle-" " Too late." Embry gagged and Alice shook her head, clenching her eyes shut when the shifter spoke again, "With Jake gone, you don't-ugh ugh-stand a chance, go." Alice looked up at something, she couldn't see what before letting out another sob, "Embry-" " I guess… I guess I should've told you earlier… huh?" The wolf started as he gave a snort that just turned into a pained cough as he finished, "But I'm happy-happy to die for my imprint." Alice's eyes went wide, "What?" Embry's body convulsed and he threw up a mouthful of blood before his eyes slid shut and he went completely still. Alice just sat frozen in place as she stared as the dead shifter in her arms when she felt something or someone grab her and try to pull her away but she resisted and tried to hold onto Embry's body. " Alice we have to go." It sounded like Rosalie but Alice didn't look up, she just started sobbing and held on even tighter than before. " We can't leave him, we can't we can't-" " Alice it's too late. They took down Seth and Edward we have to go." This time it was Emmett appearing in full view and looking as frazzled and messy as ever as he forcibly pulled the shifter from her arms and Alice screamed. " NO!" " Alice I'm so sorry." Rosalie started moving the moment the wolf's body hit the ground and Alice watched helplessly as she was dragged away, "Embry-" Darkness suddenly fell all around her, a heavy dark void that made it hard to breathe, hard to see and Alice was sure that she was dying. Just like Embry. He's dead and it's all her fault. So now her sight is leaving her too, alone in the darkness. She won't ever see again. "NO!" That one was real. When the Cullens heard the pixies first scream they all immediately darted into the house to find Alice on the floor, curled up into a ball right over the glass shards as she sobbed and screamed. Jasper pulled Alice up into his arms and tried to get her calm, sending out as many calm waves as he could all to no avail. Carlisle kneeled down beside them to try and see if he couldn't get through to her but she didn't respond to him either. "Alice, darlin' calm down." Jasper urged as Alice continued to sob against his chest and Carlisle brushed her hair out of her face to try and get her attention as well while Esme, Emmett and Rosalie watched on in concern. The girls eyes cleared but she didn't stop sobbing as her body trembled like she felt ice cold. "Alice what's wrong, what did you see?" "He's gone." Alice whispered quietly as if the words might harm her if she spoke them out loud while she stared out with wide terrified eyes when another sob rocked through her, "He's dead they're gone and it's all my fault." Rosalie frowned, "Whose dead?" "It's all my fault. It's all my fault. Jasper I'm sorry, I'm so sorry about Seth. I didn't mean for any of this-" "Seth?" Esme frowned as well when Emmett suddenly spoke, "The Clearwater kid?" "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry-" Alice wasn't listening she just kept ranting out muddled apologies while her family continued to frown in concern and