A/N: ok, so t he tallies came in and My Best Friend Tony won by a couple of votes. This first chapter is longer than the one in Fault, because I figured that I shouldn't try and draw this out for too long. By the way Jacob's never met Edward before, the whole thing with the dance never happened. Anywho... Apologies spelling grammar and OOCness Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of it's characters, that right goes to Stephanie Meyer. PS Before someone asks. His legacy will get updated as soon as possible, that story's just gotten a little complicated so I'm trying to rework it in a way that... works "Jacob?" Sarah peered around the frame of the open door and smiled when she saw her son in the centre of the room. Jacob lay on his stomach on the carpeted floor, as he drew and coloured over the large white page he had before him, pausing every now and then to turn his head this way and turning it that way seeming to decide on whether or not the picture looked the way it was supposed to. The boy bit his bottom lip and his eyebrows knit together tightly in thought until the crease suddenly released and he dropped the brown crayon in his hand to pick up the green one and he smiled as he coloured in small circles at the top of the page. Sarah stepped inside and stood just in front of the door as she leaned against the wall as she watched her son work. Jacob didn't look up as always, but Sarah knew that he already knows that she's there. Even when he played hide and seek with Rachel and Rebecca, he always knew when they were near by. He always knew when someone was about to walk into the room, he knew when Billy drove up to the house even before they could hear the roar of his truck. Whenever they asked him how he knew, he'd always just shrug and continue with whatever game he was playing on his own or some cartoon on the television would catch his attention and he'd break into a giggling fit. The twins thought it was creepy how Jacob just somehow always knew where they went and what they were doing and at first Sarah had been concerned but then Billy would say that the boy was just incredibly perceptive and there was nothing wrong with that. So Sarah would let it go even though she couldn't shake the feeling that something bigger was going on. Jacob lifted his legs and started swinging them in the air while a smile spread over his lips, before he grabbed another crayon and started drawing around the edges of the paper and hummed a tune. Sarah smiled at the tune, remembering all those nights when Billy would sing Jacob to sleep after a bad dream. Strangely enough Jacob stopped having bad dreams a few months ago or at least, they seemed to have stopped since Jacob didn't come into their room in the middle of the night any more. until she realised that she hasn't heard this one before. The toon was soft and melodious, Sarah could almost hear the notes of a piano playing in the background while Jacob hummed. It didn't sound anything like the quileute songs Billy usually sang to Jacob. Did he hear it at school or on the television maybe? Jacob's face twisted up and his nose wrinkled when a few strands of hair fell into his face at the furious scribbling he did and Sarah couldn't help but grin at how adorable he looked. She walked over to his bed and sat down, craning her neck a bit to catch a glimpse at the picture that Jacob was working on. "Are you drawing something for daddy, Jacob?" Jacob shook his head and dropped his crayon in exchange for another one, "I'm drawing a picture for Tony." Sarah let out a soft sigh at that and leaned back with her arms braced against Jacob's bed. Tony. Now there's a new problem they weren't sure what to do about. Tony is Jacob's imaginary friend. He showed up about a month after Jacob's fifth birthday and at first Sarah didn't really think it was a big deal. Kids create imaginary friends all the time, it was practically a requirement these days. Especially since Jacob only ever played with Embry and Quil, or maybe Bella when she came around. Plus since Jacob started imagining Tony he'd started a number of hobbies, drawing pictures, reading books and listening to music because that's what Tony liked to do. Sarah didn't even think Jacob knew who Bach was until he mentioned it a few weeks back. None of Jake's new interest ever seemed to hold any danger for him so Sarah thought it couldn't hurt to play along at least for a bit, she even got the twins and Billy to play along since. But then Jacob started acting out. Wandering around the woods because Tony wanted to show him something. Refusing to play with his friends because Tony didn't like going around his friends and Jacob didn't want to go anywhere without Tony. And then there was the hair pulling and glue incident when Jacob was playing alone with Bella in his room. He said Tony didn't like it when Bella tried to hold Jacob's hand so he messed up her hair to make her leave. Jacob kept swearing up and down that Tony's the one that did it but of course they didn't believe him, it didn't help that Jacob laughed while the crying girl pulled at crumpled clumped up mess of hair on her head. It wasn't like Jacob to behave that way. He wasn't mean and he certainly never lied so Tony became more of a concern than he used to be and Sarah decided that it was time to stop playing along. "Jacob-" "Done!" Jacob suddenly sat up and held the newly drawn picture up in front of him, before quickly getting up and walking over to his mother with a beaming smile on his face. "Look, do you think he'll like it?" Sarah looked away from her son's face and took the page in her hand, the older woman frowned as she looked at the picture in confusion. The picture was drawn with the typical childlike charm, there was nothing neat and polished about it. It was a picture of a boy from what Sarah could tell. Jacob had given him bright green eyes and brown hair that looked like it had been mixed in with red and orange. The boy looked like he was sitting in the middle of a square, which Sarah assumed would be the window with some other square object in his hands along with what looked like a pen. As the older woman looked at the picture there was only one question that immediately came to mind. "Jacob who is this?" "It's Tony." "This is Tony?" "Yeah." Jacob beamed when his cheeks started to tinge into a slight pink and he smiled at the picture, "He looks nice, huh." "Jacob," Sarah sighed, "Honey sit down, I need to talk to you about something." Jacob went around to hop on the bed with his legs dangling off the side as he stared up at the woman before she spoke. "Jacob, I know it can be hard telling the truth sometimes and a lot of times it seems easier to just lie or blame things on other people because you're scared of getting in trouble." The boy nodded when his mother paused and Sarah took that as her que to keep going, "But sweety, when you do that you end up getting into even more trouble than before and people could end up getting hurt. Like Bella was hurt, last week when you were playing here alone." "But I didn't pull Bella's hair and throw glue in it." Jacob said in earnest as he stared up at his mother with large eyes, "Tony did." Sarah sighed in frustration, "And why did Tony do that Jacob?" "Because he doesn't like her. Tony says Bella isn't good for me and that she's a bad influ-uaence." Sarah would have smiled at the way that Jacob said the word influence if it weren't for the situation. "Jacob-" "Tony said that I should stay away from capri-capri..." The boy frowned until his face suddenly lit up as he continued, "Capariaous people because they'll only hurt me." "Did you mean capricious?" "Yeah." "How do you even know that word?" "Tony taught it to me. Tony teaches me a bunch of stuff-" "Jacob." Sarah interrupted as she put the drawing beside her on the bed and took her son's hand in her own and made sure they kept eye contact as they spoke. "Honey, Tony isn't the one that put glue in Bella's hair, is he?" "Yes he did. He doesn't like it when Bella holds my hand." "Are you sure that you don't like it when Bella holds your and so you put glue in her hair to make her stop." "No, Tony did." Jacob adamantly as he looked right into his mother's eyes and Sarah realised that he might actually believe in Tony and he wasn't just using his imaginary friend as an excuse. "Jacob. Jacob, honey, Tony isn't real." "Yes he is." "No he isn't." "Yes he is!" Jacob insisted as he pulled his hand from his mother's grasp and got up from the bed. "He's real! He's got a mommy and a daddy, but he doesn't live them anymore because they went away. So I told him he can stay with me in my room." Sarah let out a deep breath, "And why didn't Tony go with his mommy and daddy." "He said he can't." "Why not?" "I don't know, he won't tell me." "Jacob-" "Look!" The boy suddenly said as he ran over towards the window and picked up another drawing book off the floor that Sarah hadn't noticed when she walked into the room. Jacob quickly flipped through he pages of the book until he found the one he was looking for and pushed the book into her hands, "See, that's Edward's mommy. I told you he was real." Sarah blinked in surprise as she stared at the picture. What surprised her most was the how detailed it was. Every line on the page was drawn with precision, clear swift flicks clearly made by an experienced hand and shaded curves that couldn't possibly have been drawn by a five year old. Well not unless they were some kind of protege but Sarah is sure that Jacob couldn't have drawn this. "Jacob where did you get this?" "Tony drew it." Jacob said simply before flipping the page to the next one of a man and a woman holding each other as they smiled in the direction of the artist. Both were dressed in old fashioned clothes like something out of the late eighteen hundreds. "He drew this one too, he's good huh. I wish I could draw like him." Sarah glanced up at her son for a moment as he tilted his head to the side and let his eyes run over the page. The older woman frowned as she wondered where on earth Jacob could have possibly found the book when she turned the page and felt her eyes go wide. This one was a picture of Jacob, the boy was looking up at whoever drew him with a smile as he sat in the middle of the backyard with his toy cars scattered around him. Jacob couldn't have drawn this one could he? As Sarah turned the pages of the book she found even more and more pictures of Jacob in the book. Pictures of Jacob playing with his toys, Jacob drawing, Jacob watching tv. There were even