A/N: hey guys! This is a sequel for this drabble thing I did for, A Day With Embry . Just like that one it's all AU, the Cullens weren't adopted they're actual brothers and sisters. Inspired by the song: Cradle of Love by Billy Idol Apologies spelling, grammar and I admit there's a lot of OOCness in this one Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of it's characters, that right goes to Stephanie Meyer. Nor do I own the song Cradle of love "19:00" Jasper let out a heavy sigh as he put down his history book and leaned back in his chair, rubbing his tired eyes as he tried to release the strain that had settled in his shoulders back and neck. The house was practically empty. Edward was out with Jacob, having finally gotten up the nerve to ask the quiluete boy out after six full months of silently pinning after him. Of course Edward wouldn't call it pinning, he'd refer to it as secretly harbouring feelings for a certain individual and choosing to silently watch, swoon and almost drool over said individual instead of just informing them of his feelings. Aka, pinning. Emmett had a last minute wrestling practice and wouldn't be back till late, of course the other Cullen kids knew this was code for: "I'm going out with Embry, don't tell mom and dad because if you do they'll most likely know that I somehow managed to convince Embry to do something minors shouldn't be doing in the first place even if the legal age for sexual activity in the state of Washington is sixteen. They'll call his mom and we'll both be screwed, so keep your mouths shut or else. Yeah, I'm lookin' at you Rose!" Rosalie was at the library, forced to study with one of those reservation dogs because of that stupid study program the principal still had going. What Rosalie wasn't saying and would deny until the day of her death was that she actually liked this particular reservation dog, especially since his little sister Claire was adorable and they shared a mutual interest in cars. No, Rosalie Cullen would never admit to thinking Quil Arteara was cute, never in a million fucking years. And as for Alice well, the pixie was downstairs with Leah. Failing miserably at trying to hide her horrifically obvious crush on the older girl while Leah helped her study for math. You see, after her sessions with Embry ended Alice didn't actually need any help with any of her other subjects, hell Alice could get an "A" in math with her eyes closed and both hands tied behind her back. Yet for some reason, Alice's grades mysteriously started slipping of course that had nothing to do with Leah joining the study program for extra credit. I mean, Leah does have a boyfriend. A boyfriend she's very happy with, even if Alice could argue until her cheeks were red that Sam didn't deserve Leah. Carlisle and Esme were out to dinner. Tonight was meant to be date night, but some of Carlisle's old associates were in town so dinner for two turned into dinner for six. So Esme was forced to endure an entire night of fake smiles and polite conversation with Aro and Caius and their wives. Esme's exact words when she found out about the change in plans were, "Oh, joy." That left Jasper all alone, which suited him fine since he has an assignment to complete and really couldn't deal with any distractions right now. At first he'd been worried when Alice started bouncing around almost singing about Leah's arrival, since Leah almost never went over to the Cullen house without her little brother Seth by her side. Not that Jasper doesn't like Seth, because he does. Seth is bright and friendly and so sweet. He has the kind of smile that could make anyone feel calm and warm, and his enthusiasm is seemingly endless. Jasper likes talking to Seth and generally just being in the boy's presence, because to put it simply, Seth is wonderful. Jasper likes Seth, he actually likes Seth a lot. Like... A lot, a lot Which is where the problem comes in. Seth Clearwater is fourteen years old, whereas Jasper Cullen is seventeen and just a few months away from his eighteenth birthday. Still don't see the problem? Well you see, the problem isn't so much with Seth as it is with Jasper. A few months after Leah started tutoring Alice and Jasper started spending time with Seth, Jasper started developing some... Intense feelings towards Seth. Those feelings inturn sparked some, what's the word here... Inappropriate dreams about the younger teen causing some deep discomfort for Jasper Cullen. Now despite the blonde's discomfort none of this would be so bad if it weren't for Seth who started flirting with Jasper a little over a month ago. Sure Edward thought he was being paranoid and Alice said that Seth was just being friendly but they weren't the ones who got cornered by a fourteen year old boy in the middle of the living room while no one else was around to witness it. Of course Seth didn't actually do anything, just got a little too close for comfort making Jasper so uncomfortably hard he had barely been in the shower for more than twenty seconds when he came all over the tiled floors. I'm sure that some of you are still confused as to where the problem lies here. I mean, Jasper likes Seth and Seth obviously likes Jasper, so why not just go for it. The problem is that unlike, Emmett, Rosalie, Edward and Alice, since Jasper has some sneaking suspicions on his little sister's intentions for Leah, he has morals. Morals that he plans on firmly sticking to, thank you very much. And those morals dictate that it is inappropriate for a seventeen going on eighteen year old teenager to take part in any sexual activity with a boy who had only turned fourteen about two months ago. Not only is that against the law, but it is immoral, it is irresponsible and just plain wrong. No matter how much of a good idea his hormones thought it would be, Jasper would not cross that line! Now of course, Jasper doesn't have to take part in any kind of sexual activity to have a relationship with Seth, but something (a.i the head below the hem line of his pants and that absolutely demonic smirk Seth wore whenever they were in a room alone) told him that avoiding said sexual activity would be kinda hard to do. Thankfully Seth wasn't with Leah this time. Apparently Seth had soccer practice so that just left him, Alice and Leah alone in the large house in the middle of the woods. Jasper took a deep breath as he let his arms fall onto the arm rests of his chair and he leaned his head back to let the seat cradle his stressed form when he caught sight of black shiny plastic. The blonde leaned forward and shuffled through the pages of scattered paper on his desk when he pulled out a casset tape inside of a clear plastic case and he leaned back in his chair when he remembered Edward giving him the tape a few days ago, because apparently for some reason it reminded him of Jasper. He's been meaning to listen to it all week but he hasn't gotten the chance. Jasper isn't as interested in music as Edward is and he didn't even know who this Billy Idol was, so he could only imagine what the tape was about. Jasper opened the case but found nothing written on the inside of the cover, except for the words "Cradle of love" which were written on the white strip of paper stuck to the tape itself. Must be a single. The blonde shut the case and started twirling the tape between his fingers for a moment when his door opened and he looked up towards the entrance of his room. "Jasper, are you in here?" Alice's head came popping around the side of the door and the girl smiled when she spotted her brother sitting at the desk near the window in his room. "Oh, there you are. I haven't seen you since Leah got here. I almost thought that you'd left like the others." "No, I have a project due next week. Besides I don't really have anywhere to go." "Oh well, Leah and I are going out to get something to eat. Do you want anything?" Alice asked and Jasper just smiled as he shook his head. "No, I'm fine. I'll just get something from the kitchen." "Are you sure?" The pixie like girl asked as her hand curled around the door and she leaned against it a little more and gave Jasper a bright smile, "Were going to McDonald's." Jasper turned his chair towards the door a little more, "I'm sure." "O.K, we won't be out for long." Alice said as she practically started bouncing on her feet. "Leah's finally going to let me drive her truck." "Have fun." Jasper chuckled just as Alice's head disappeared and the door shut. The blonde turned back towards his desk when his door suddenly opened again and Alice's head popped back in the room and she spoke so quickly Jasper could only barely catch her words as the door closed. "Oh by the way, Seth's soccer practice got cancelled so he's downstairs. Bye!" But once he had bright hazel eyes went wide, the blonde shot out of his seat and dropped the tape on his desk as he ran after his sister only to get there too late since he could hear Leah's pick up truck pulling out of the driveway and onto the street. Jasper let out a heavy sigh and shut his eyes before slowly making his way towards the dining room, only to find it empty with nothing but paper, textbooks and stationary scattered across the table. He went to the living room and found that vacant as well, with the play station on and the logo of one of Emmett's games glowing on the screen. Jasper stood there for a moment with a deep frown on his face wondering if he'd maybe just heard Alice wrong, when a beat thumped through his ears and music played loudly in the air. "Well, rock the cradle of love Rock the cradle of love Yes the cradle of love, it don't rock so easily it's true." Jasper started to fill with dread since he knew where the music was coming from and he let out another deep breath as he made his way up the stairs and down the hall towards his room only to freeze at what he saw. "It burned like a ball on fire, When the rebel took a little child bride, to tease yeah So take it easy yeah." Seth stood in front of his stereo system twirling the case of the tape around in his hand with his head tilted slightly to the side. Now Seth being in his room, despite the earlier difficulties we've already established, wouldn't be so bad. If it weren't for the fact that Seth, his little sisters-sort-of-friends-fourteen-year-old-brother, was standing in the middle of his room, completely shirtless that is. Seth looked up at the teen standing in the doorway and smiled. "Billy Idol, huh? Isn't he like ancient?" Jasper blinked and opened his mouth to make an incredibly weak attempt at human communication as he tried to drag his eyes away from the long stretch of bronze skin and lean muscle, only to fail miserably. "Uhm... S-Seth-" Seth's head turned a bit to the side and he arched a brow in question while his hands continued to fiddle with the tape case. When Jasper took another deep breath and finally forced his eyes back up to the boy's