A/N: I was working on the next chapter of his legacy and then this happened. Don't worry though, that fic has nothing to do with this fic. Apologies, spelling, grammar and OOCness Disclaimer; I do not own the Twilight franchise or any of it's characters Music played softly in the air and all the seated guests stood up and turned to watch as the bride made her way down the isle. Alice smiled as she watched a beaming smile spread over Edward's lips as he watched his future mate slowly make her way towards him. He looks so happy, so at peace. Alice could almost feel warmth spreading right through her chest at the sight. He finally found her. The one person that was meant to be his forever. Edward would never have to be alone again and it was all thanks to her. Bella. The pixie looked back down the isle to watch the girl make her way up to the alter. She looked beautiful in her wedding dress and Alice could almost feel the smile of joy she had underneath her veil as she walked passed. Soon she'd have a new sister and Bella really is so sweet, kind and beautiful, Edward couldn't have made a better choice for a mate. Bella stopped beside Edward. Alice looked up at Jasper when she felt a hand wrap around her own and beamed back at the smile on the empath's face. Esme glowed with warmth as she and Carlisle stared at their soon to be daughter in law, Emmett had a goofy grin at his spot beside Rosalie while the blonde just looked on with a bored stare. Alice almost rolled her eyes in frustration at the inherent dislike Rosalie seemed to have towards Bella, but she didn't let that ruin her mood. Today they finally become a whole family and whether Rosalie liked it or not, that meant Bella as well. The guests all sat down when the music stopped and Alice took a deep breath, fighting back against the urge to flinch away when the scent of shifter filled her nose and almost made her frown. A few of the wolves were there as well. Seth and Leah Clearwater were there with their mother, along with Sam and his imprint Emily. All of the wolves got invitations to the wedding since Carlisle thought that it could be an olive branch of sorts, plus Bella was hoping that Jacob would come to her wedding as well. He's her best friend after all, she wanted him there on her special day. Unfortunately Jacob didn't show and Alice couldn't help but feel a little relieved at that fact. This is Edward and Bella's special day, Jacob being there would just add needless tension and it would surely lead to some kind of fight. Edward can't stand Jacob and Jacob can't stand Edward although Alice could never understand why. Granted they are born enemies destined to destroy one another but Edward didn't hate Jacob as much as he pretended to, Alice can tell. Of course she understands that Edward views Jacob as a threat to his and Bella's relationship and she understands a vampire's possessive needs over their mate, but that didn't explain Edward's intensity towards Jacob. Jasper felt it, he told Alice about the emotions he could feel between them whenever they got close. The empath said that they were always too muddled and confused for him to make any kind of sense out of but that Edward and Jacob certainly didn't hate each other. Jasper said that he doubts even they know what it is that they feel for each other. It was curious, but whenever Alice tried to ask Edward about it he'd get defensive and she wouldn't get much out of him anyway so eventually she let it go. I mean what does it matter any way? Soon Bella would be changed and they'd leave Forks to live with the Denali for a few years until Bella's learnt to control her thirst before moving on again. The chances of them ever seeing Jacob or any of the other wolves again were slim to none. Jacob will get over Bella eventually, he'll probably imprint on some nice human girl and forget all about her so what's the point in worrying about him? Everything will work out fine. Alice leaned her head on Jasper's shoulder and locked her fingers around his hand as the justice of the peace began to speak. "Dearly beloved. We are gathered here today to join Edward Anthony Mason Cullen and Isabella Swan in holy matrimony." Alice's smile brightened a little more when she suddenly faded away from reality and her eyes glazed over. "Alice." The psychic could hear her husbands whisper of concern but she didn't respond, just watched the vision playing through her mind and almost gasped at what she saw. They were at the wedding, Edward and Bella's wedding. Alice could see herself sitting in the front row beside Jasper with her hands clenched tightly into fists on her lap. She could see the clear anxiety on her face along with her family's concern when the justice of the peace spoke. "If anyone here has any reason as to why these two should not be wed, let them speak now or forever hold your peace." It was silent for a moment and the man was about to continue when Alice suddenly shot out of her seat, making the guests all gasp and stare in shock as she spoke. "I object." Bella's eyes went wide and she paled while Edward stared in shock, "Alice what are you-" "I'm sorry Bella. I'm so sorry believe me I am, but-" The pixie stopped herself short as her hands clenched at her sides and she took a deep breath as she looked the telepath straight in the eyes. "Edward you can't do this." Edward was standing stock still in his shock while Bella's eyes began to fill with tears. Alice opened her mind in an open invitation and Edward watched the thoughts going through it. The vampire tensed with every passing second until Alice closed off her mind again and he just stared at her with a blank look on his face. By now the entire gathering was mumbling and whispering at the exchange, Esme and Carlisle looked worried sick while Rosalie and Emmett just looked confused. "Edward." Bella asked with a croak in her voice as she tugged on the hand she was holding onto, when Edward looked away and let go of her hand as he turned and walked back down the aisle. Alice tensed tremendously as the vision faded from one to the next. Jasper gently shook her without bringing any attention to them but Alice still didn't respond. She saw Jacob, but she shouldn't be able to see him. Why can she see him? Jacob was leaving, he was on his bike in front of his house. The quileute was shifting through his duffle bag, checking to make sure he had everything when Edward suddenly appeared in front of him. Jacob gasped in surprise before glaring up at the vampire as he spoke, "You're breaking the treaty leech." Edward stood there for a moment still wearing his tux, this must be where he went once he left the ceremony. "Where are you going?" "None of your business, now get off our land or I'll kill you before you have the chance to do the same with Bella." Edward sighed, "I need to talk to you." "We have nothing to talk about. Go away." The wolf then zipped up his bag and slung it over his shoulder as he turned on the ignition and the bike roared to life. Edward moved forward in a flash, putting both hands over Jacob's on the steering bars. The shifter jumped in surprise and stared down at the hands covering his own before he ripped them away and growled. "What the fuck do you think you're doing?!" "You can't leave." "You have no right to tell me what I can or can't do, Cullen." Jacob said with a glare, "Now fuck off. Don't you have a wedding to get to or something." At that Edward flinched making the shifter frown, Edward ran a hand through his hair completely undoing all the effort put in to tame it for that day. "No." "No?" "I'm not marrying Bella, Jacob." Edward said quietly and Jacob's eyes went wide as he stared back at the vampire in shock. "What?" "I can't marry her, not when I know that-" Edward cut himself off as he ran a hand through his hair again before letting out a growl of frustration as he tugged his tie loose. Jacob shut off his bike and kicked the stand out before he climbed off. "What's going on here? I thought you said you love her?" "I do, I did. I... God, I'm so confused." Edward said as he rubbed a hand over his face and Jacob folded his arms over his chest, "That makes two of us." Edward let out a snort at that and gave Jacob a weak smile that only seemed to make the shifter frown even more as he spoke, "What are you doing here Edward?" "I-" Edward swallowed hard before letting out a heavy sigh when he suddenly moved in a blur and stopped in front of the shifter, he cupped Jacob's face and kissed him before he could give any protest. Edward pulled away moments later as he stared into the shifters eyes and Jacob stared back in complete and total utter shock. Suddenly the shifter's eyes glazed over and his face flushed, his breathing became heavy and he had to grab a hold of Edward's arms to keep himself upright when his legs buckled beneath him. "Jacob?" Jacob sank down to the ground and Edward wrapped an arm around him to steady his descent, he pulled Jacob into his arms as the shifter seemed to weaken with every second until his eyes cleared and they went wide. "Oh my God..." "Jacob what-" Edward's eyebrows furrowed in confusion as he stared into Jacob's eyes when his own eyes widened as well, "You... I'm your imprint?" Jacob pulled away as soon as the words left Edwards mouth, scrambling away as far back as he could before he phased. "Jacob, stop!" This time Alice couldn't help but gasp as she placed a hand over her mouth, Carlisle and Esme both watched her with a frown while Emmett and Rosalie did the same. "Alice, darlin' what's wrong?" The vision blurred from one moment to the next. A porcelain mug hit the wall and shattered down to the floor, narrowly missing Edwards head while the human girl cried and sobbed in front of him. "You bastard! I can't believe you're doing this to me!" Bella screeched with red tear filled eyes. "I'm sorry Bella, I didn't mean for any of this to happen-" "You said that we would be together forever, don't you remember any of that?!" "Bella things were different back then. Jacob-" "Jacob." Bella said with a humourless snort as she folded her arms across her chest, "The same Jacob you told me to stay away from, what, is that's what's going on? Were you just using me to get to him?" Edward gave a sigh, "No of course not, I didn't plan any of this-" "LIAR!" The vision blurred, more than it had before, Alice could see Jacob in the woods he wasn't wearing any clothes and he seemed to be very upset. He was growling loudly with his eyes narrowed down in a glare while his frame tensed considerably. But she couldn't see anything other than him. And the vision moved again, God she's never had so many all in a row. What could it all possibly mean? This time the whole family was there, they were somewhere out in a field and