A/N: yeah, so I was going through my old files a while back again . They're mostly just bum stories I gave up on cause some part of it didn't make sense or I honestly just got bored. Anyway I found this. For those of you who have read Fault this is how I was originally planning on doing the story, but there was just so much to consider that I wasn't sure I could make a story like this work at the time. So just for kicks I decided to post this, just to see what you guys think. This is what Fault was meant to be so that'll explain any similarities between this and that fic that you might see. Anyway... Apologies spelling grammar and OOCness Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of it's characters "This-this is considered... kidnapping in most states-ah you know." Jacob gasped out as the vampire moved up his neck towards his ear, messy bronze hair tickling his face as he did. "You can't kidnap the willing, besides I wanted to see you." The cold one whispered as he let one of his hands slip up into his shirt while the other disappeared beneath the hem line of his jeans. Jacob gasped sharply as the hand in his pants found their treasure, wrapping around his already rock hard member. "I need you Jacob." "Emmett." The shifters back arched off the door as the vampire's hand moved, stroking slowly while ice cold lips kissed their way along his neck and jaw. Jacob let out a deep moan, loving the feeling of his vampires cold against his heated skin. His vampire. God. The pack would kill him if they knew what he was doing right now. In a hotel room in Seattle while a Leech made him moan and whimper like a bitch in heat. Jacob met Emmett the day right after Bella's boyfriend left her a crumpled broken mess. 'Fucking bloodsucker. I swear if I ever get my hands on him' Emmett's hand suddenly squeezed around his cock making Jacob's breath catch in his throat while he lost his train of thought until the cold fingers loosened up a bit and picked up it's previous pace. Where was he? Oh yeah, meeting Emmett. They actually met back in Forks. Of course with the whole vampire/werewolf enemies thing, their introduction was less than pleasant and Jacob wanted nothing to do with the 'bloodsucking fossil' . He even told the vampire as such. However for some reason Emmett didn't get the message. From that day forward whenever Jacob left the reservation, the vampire would start appearing everywhere he went. At the hardware store, the grocery store in the woods behind Bella's house. Everywhere! The damn leech was stalking him. Jacob hated it! Despised it, fucking loathed it! And yet somehow, (don't ask him how) this happened like two weeks later. This thing where he somehow started falling for Emmett. Where he got lost in those striking gold eyes and pale marble skin. The lean yet toned frame and untamable bronze hair. He lost himself in Emmett, a bloodsucker and loved it. Just a while back he was pining after Bella and now he was doing the dirty with a cold one. 'Bella' Jacob thought sadly just as Emmett caught his lips in a slow kiss, while his other hand slid across the shifters chest. Bella was a mess. How could the bastard just leave her like that! Tells her he loves her, cares about her, would do anything to protect her and then he just vanishes? Who does that?! 'Edward fucking Cullen' At that thought Emmett pulled away completely, leaving a panting and flushed Jacob to lean heavily on the door. The shifter looked up at his vampire, more than just a little confused as to why he'd pull away. "What's wrong?" Emmett frowned. "I hate it when you think of someone else when you're with me." "I..." Jacob took a deep breath and pushed away from the door to sit on the bed on the other side of the room. "I can't stop thinking about Bella. I was coming back from her house when you dragged me into you're car." "Sorry about that." "It's fine, I'm glad you did. I really needed you." Emmett walked over to the bed and sat next to Jacob, pulling the Quileute in his arms. "God, you should've seen her, Em'. It's like her soul is rotting away in her chest." "It'll be O.K Jake." The vampire said with a kiss on the top of Jacob's head. "I know, she'll move on eventually but it still hurts seeing her like that." Jacob mumbled before looking up at Emmett. "She's better off without him anyway. Your brother's a dick." Emmett laughed a low smooth sound that never ceased to make goose bumps appear on Jacob's skin. "I already know that, love." Jacob tilted his head and lifted a hand to thread through the vampire's messy hair. "If she had to pick a leech, why couldn't she have picked a leech like you?" Something flashed in Emmett's eyes and they suddenly looked far away. "Maybe she did." He whispered tightening his grip on the teen in his arms. "Emmett?" When the vampire didn't reply, just kept staring into the distance and something dark passed through his eyes. Jacob raised his voice. "Emmett!" Emmett looked down at Jacob still looking a little lost. "What are you thinking about?" The vampire's eyes cleared and he gave Jacob a crooked smile and gently pushed him onto the bed, straddling his waist. "I'll give you one guess." Jacob blushed before wrapping his arms around Emmett's neck and pulling the other down for a kiss. The shifter opened his mouth to let in the foreign tongue, losing himself as the appendage licked down every inch. Emmett let his hands drift along Jacob's sides, mapping out cool trails and making Jacob moan into his mouth. Soon the vampire pulled back, nipping lightly at the teens bottom lip before moving down to his neck. "Sometimes I swear you can actually read minds." The shifter laughed, "It doesn't take a mind reader to know what an ancient perve like you is thinking." A thought crossed Jacob's mind and he almost tensed. "You know Bella said that her leech is a mind reader too. Don't you think that's-" Emmett quickly covered Jacob's mouth with his hand, "Jake. Puppy, can you please refrain from talking about your best friend when I'm trying to fuck you senseless." The shifters cheeks caught in a furious blush and he glared up at Emmett moving his hand away. "I'm not a puppy." "Of course not," the cold one said with a grin. "You're not a puppy. You're my puppy." Jacob rolled his eyes before staring up at Emmett with a sad look on his face. "I'm worried about her Emmett." "I know Jacob and I understand that you need to be there for her." Emmett said as he pulled back to unbutton his shirt and let it hang open before stroking the shifters cheek. "But I haven't seen you in ages, love." Jacob's eyes narrowed annoyance. "It's only been three days." "Well yes, but that's like six in vampire time." Emmett smiled at the glare Jacob gave him and placed a kiss on his forehead. "Three years when you're away from your mate." At that Jacob cringed. "Sorry." "Its alright, I understand you have a life outside of me. I may not like it but I understand." Emmett tilted his head to the side, "you know things would be so much simpler if you just moved in with me and my family." "Nuh uh!" "Why not? You know they already love you Jacob." "Yeah right, I'm pretty sure blondie would try to kill me in my sleep." Emmett rolled his eyes, "Rosalie won't kill you." "Or the pack would kill me." "I wouldn't let those dogs touch you." "They're not dogs and we've already talked about this Em." Jacob said with a sigh as he tried to sit up only for the vampire to push him back down. "It kills me to be away from you Jake." Emmett practically whined like a five year old who wanted a toy he couldn't have. It was even worse with the slight pout Emmett didn't know he was pulling, Jacob probably would have laughed if it weren't for the seriousness of the situation. It came as quite the surprise when Emmett told Jacob why he'd been so adamant about stalking him when they first met. Apparently he's Emmett's mate, meaning the whole possessive, needy, jealous vampire thing was just something he'd have to get used to. Although it did get a little annoying at times. However Jacob couldn't say that he didn't like all the attention his vampire showered on him. He'd been running after Bella for so long, it was really nice being the centre of someone else's world for once. Jacob loves Emmett he really does. The vampire made him feel like...like the world could wait for once. Like he didn't have to be tied down to his pack and didn't have to worry about his father. When he's with Emmett, the world shrinks down to just them, in that room and absolutely nothing else matters. Just him and his vampire. Unfortunately the real world didn't work that way. Jacob has other things he needs to consider. He isn't the only person he has to take care of- "I know and I'm sorry, but I have to think about my dad and the pack-" "Stop. You're right, we've had this conversation plenty of times. And every time we have this conversation your argument is always the pack or your father." Emmett growled impatiently. "What do you want, Jacob?" The shifter bit his lip, before looking up into those gold eyes that always took him to another plain. "I want this, with you forever and I hate not being able to see you whenever I want it's just... we have to wait O.K?" "Jacob-" "Please," the teen almost begged, "For me." "Fine." The vampire said giving an exasperated sigh. "Thank you." "You're very welcome puppy." Jacob rolled his eyes as he leaned up to give the vampire a short kiss, "You know that name is getting really old." "Really?" Emmett drawled out making Jacob frown at him. "Tell me again why I haven't just dumped you yet?" "Because you love me." The vampire said with a cheeky grin and that the shifter couldn't help but return. "And why's that?" "I don't know." Emmett paused for a moment staring into the shifters eyes and making Jacob blink up in surprise at the strange look he found there, "But, Jacob, I really do love you. With every fibre of my being... I can't exist without you-" "Em'-" "You know I'd never purposefully do anything to hurt you right?" "Of course I do. Why would you-" Jacob's eyebrow's furrowed in confusion for a moment as he spoke, "Emmett what's going on?" "Nothing." The vampire said reassuringly as he lifted a hand to stroke his fingers against the shifters cheek down his neck. "It's just, I love you Jacob. Don't ever forget that." "Something's wrong. What happened?" Jacob said trying to sit up and Emmett stopped him gently pushing the shifter back on the bed as he sealed their lips in a kiss. The shifter gave a grunt of joint surprise and confusion but still wrapped his arms around Emmett's neck as he leaned back down onto the bed. Soaking up the vampire's cold and letting out a soft moan as he did. Emmett has boundaries. Jacob understands that. There are some things that the vampire just isn't willing to talk about and Jacob can respect that since he doesn't always feel like spilling his guts either and Emmett usually gives him his space whenever that happens. But other times, Jacob