A/N: Hey Apologies spelling, grammar and OOCness Warnings for descriptions of smut, bondage and daddy-kink. I'm really into daddy-kink these days for some reason. If any of that offends then kindly click the back button and divert your eyes elsewhere because you have officially been warned. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of its characters, seriously Stephanie Meyer doesn't have the Kuribohs to write something like this The entire pack was at the Black residence, lounging out in the living room and bored out of their minds when a loud buzz suddenly caught their ears and Leah looked down at the coffee table in front of the couch where she sat brooding, while the other wolves just continued to stare blankly at the TV. Jacob's phone was on the table and it gave another buzz before stilling but no one other than Leah paid it any attention. Jacob was out on patrol with Sam, which is why the pack was at his house. Apparently Sam had something important that he needed to discuss with them and told them to meet him there right after their patrol, but they were running late and Leah was bored so really what she was about to do next was Jacob's own fault for taking so long to get back with Sam. The girl moved forward and snatched Jacob's cell off the table earning a blink of surprise from Embry who sat beside her, "Leah what are you doing?" The girl just shrugged as she turned the phone's screen on before giving a frown when it asked for a password when Embry spoke again, "That's Jake's phone." Now that caught the other wolves' attention as they all looked back at the girl on the couch just as she gave a snort, "No shit Sherlock." "Leah, I really don't think you should be messing with Jake's phone." Seth said in concern from his spot on the floor beside her feet and the girl just rolled her eyes, "Relax will you, I'm just going to take a peek." "Jake's going to be pissed when he finds out." Jared said he was sitting on the one seater on the other side of the room, "Don't just start something just cause you can." "For the last time, relax. Unless one of you snitches on me Jake'll never know a thing." Leah said glancing up at Jared for a moment before returning her gaze to the phone as she typed in another guess. "Leah-" "Bingo!" the girl said cutting Paul off as she gave the screen a wide smile as the other wolf let out a growl and she finished, "Ephraim, he's so easy. Now let's see whose texting him." "Seriously Leah, put it back." Quil said standing up from his seat to take the phone away as the girl started reading, "Text from, Leech . Leech ?" "Bella's vampire." Quil supplied as he got closer and tried to snatch the phone away only for Leah to twist to the side before he could reach it. "Right, why would he be texting Jacob?" Embry sighed, "It doesn't matter just put it back Leah." Quil made to snatch it away again when the girl's eyes went wide as she stared at the screen and slipped off the back of the couch and out of Quil's reach. "Leah-" "Are you sure that Leech is Cullen?" Quil growled, "Yes, why?" The girl looked up at him with an arched brow as a sly smirk spread over her face, "So Jake's exchanging baby names with a cold one?" Paul frowned, "What do you mean?" Leah cleared her throat as she started to read barely able to stop herself from giggling. " Hey babe, I miss you." "What?" Seth gasped and the wolves all stared at her in shock, Quil quickly moved around her to look over Leah's shoulder and Paul jumped up from his spot to do the same. "No way." "Maybe it was meant for Bella." Embry said as he turned back to watch the others. Just then the phone buzzed again and another text came through. " Do you miss me too puppy?" "Cullen calls Bella puppy ?" "Holy shit." Paul gaped and Leah laughed while Quil just stared at the phone in shock, "This has to be some kind of mistake." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Alice walked into the house with Jasper following close behind; the pixie was a little surprised that the house was so quiet. Even with Edward, Esme and Carlisle still out hunting Rosalie and Emmett should be making more than enough noise to make up for the absence of their family members, either playing on one of their game consoles or upstairs going at it like rabbits. But instead all Alice heard was some quiet whispers and a slight chuckle from Emmett while Jasper could feel the couple's amusement coming from the den, so with a frown from Alice and a shrug from Jasper they followed the whispers towards the den where Rosalie and Emmett sat curled together on the couch and the pixie's head gave a tilt of curiosity as she walked closer. "What on earth are you two up to?" Emmett jumped and Rosalie quickly moved to hide something down between them but the empath still caught sight of the thing they hid as Rosalie answered, "Nothing." "What are you doing with Edward's phone?" "Edward's phone?" Alice said as she blinked in surprise and Rosalie let out an annoyed hiss while Emmett just sighed. "You're such a buzz kill, Jazz." "O.K what's going on? Edward won't be happy to find out that you've been messing around with his things." Alice asked sternly as she placed both of her hands on her hips and Rosalie just rolled her eyes as she brought the device back into view and started fiddling with it all over again and Emmett moved closer to see, "Relax Alice, we're just having a little fun." "What kind of fun?" "The fun kind of fun." Rosalie said with a smirk and Jasper moved around the couch so he could see over Rosalie's shoulder, "You're texting one of the wolves?" Alice's eyes went wide, "Which wolf?" "The only wolf that Edward is constantly complaining about." "Jacob?!" Alice shrieked in surprise and Emmett grinned, "The one and only." "Why on earth would you.." Alice cut herself off when her hands went limp against her sides as a feeling of dread washing over her, "Oh no, what did you do?" "Nothin-" " Hey babe, I miss you. Do you miss me too puppy? " Jasper read out loud with an amused smirk and Rosalie glared at him as she tried to swat his head away but missed when he ducked his head, "You really are a buzz kill." "Rosalie?! Have you lost your mind?!" Alice cried out in shock and the blonde just rolled her eyes at the psychic, "Relax Alice, we're just having a bit of harmless fun. I'll delete the messages as soon as we're done. Edward will never have to know a thing." "This isn't about Edward finding out." The pixie said with a glare as she stepped closer while Rosalie and Emmett just ignored her and she let out a sigh, "What happens if Jacob actually gets your texts and he thinks that Edward is the one that's texting him? What if you say something wrong? What if he finds out that you were pulling a prank on him, the results could be catastrophic and then we'll be back right where we started with the wolves before the newborn army. Not to mention Bella's reaction to all of this." Rosalie gave a snort as she seemed to be typing out another text and Alice bit back a sigh of frustration when Emmett chuckled and Jasper blinked in surprise, "I seriously doubt that the mutt would be upset enough to start a war because of Edward sexting him." Alice froze, "Sexting him?" " I've been thinking about you all day. " Jasper read out loud and Alice's mouth fell open in shock before she quickly came around the couch to try and snatch the phone away only for the blonde to quickly slip away from the couch and move over to the other side of the room in a blur. "I can't believe that you-" "What do the other mutts call him?" Rosalie interrupted with a thoughtful frown and Emmett gave a wide grin from the couch as he answered, "Jake." The blonde rolled her eyes, "Right, duh." "Stop encouraging her!" Alice snapped as Rosalie started typing out something else and she headed over to the blonde to try and take the phone away only for Rosalie to keep it out of reach, "Think about it this way; this is for Edward's own good-" Alice almost gaped in shock, "His own-" "We're doing him a favor." The blonde said just as Alice growled in anger and she had to keep her arm out in order to keep the pixie at bay, "Alice just wait a second and listen alright?" "Listen to what?" the pixie asked with an angered huff while Rosalie just smirked, "Haven't you wondered about Edward and Jacob?" "What about Edward and Jacob?" "Don't play dumb Alice." The blonde said easily as she held Edward's phone loosely in her hand, "You saw them, after the fight with the newborns when Black got injured, don't act like you didn't." The pixie vampire almost seemed to pause at that as she pulled back a bit, "I don't know what you're talking about." "Yeah you do," Emmett suddenly said as he leaned back against the couch, "We all saw them, even Carlisle and Esme noticed." "Noticed what?" "Edward's infatuation with Bella's mutt of course." Rosalie said easily with that smirk on her face growing just a little bit wider before tilting her head and looking over at Jasper as she finished, "You noticed, didn't you Jazz? I bet you can even feel it too." Alice's head snapped back to stare at her husband and Jasper paused for a moment before standing up straight and giving a slight shrug to which Alice's mouth fell open in yet another gape while Rosalie just grinned in triumph. "I knew it!" "But…" Alice protested as her hands fell down to her sides and they clenched into fists, "Edward loves Bella… doesn't he?" at that last part the psychic faltered a bit when Rosalie suddenly spoke with a snort, "So he says. But what does our dear brother really feel for his one true love ? Jasper care to enlighten us?" Alice looked up at her mate and Jasper hesitated for a moment before just letting out a heavy sigh as he spoke, "He cares about her but it isn't-" "It's not like he cares about the mutt," Rosalie finished off simply as she sent another text and this time Alice didn't try to stop her, no her own thoughts had her much too preoccupied to really pay any kind of attention to what Rosalie might be doing. Yeah, she noticed. But she thought that she's the only one that had so she chose to keep her observations to herself and not meddle with anyone else's. Edward had Bella and Edward seemed happy to have her, so Alice ignored the look she always caught in Edward's eyes whenever Jacob was nearby and she paid no attention to Jacob whenever his gaze strayed towards Edward on the other side of the treaty line when they were preparing for Victoria's attack, and she barely paused when she walked past the dining room where Carlisle had broken and re-aligned Jacob's bones; even when she caught sight of Edward hovering above the Quileute's unconscious form mere moments before the pack took him back to the reservation. She thought that she was being paranoid, that her obsession with seeing Edward happy with a mate of his own was causing her to have wild delusions in