A/N: hey. Very very long one shot, but that's just cause there are different P.O.V's So the deal with this one is, I did something similar for this other AU Naruto fic that I wrote and I was just like I have to try this with Twilight so I did. Its not like that other one though. It's rated-M purely for safety reasons so don't expect any long drawn out lemons. There's really nothing that bad in here but I didn't want to risk rating it too low. Multiple pairings: Edward x Jacob, Alice x Leah, Emmett x Embry, Rosalie x Quil, Jasper x Seth. Sam, Jared and Paul never imprinted in this. None of the times and ages in this correspond with the book or movies. It's basically an AU Apologies spelling grammar and OOCness Disclaimer: I don't own twilight or any of it's characters. It was late and the parking lot was full of cars parked in front of the glass building which reflected the moon and stars that hung in the night sky on its glossy black pane. "I don't like this Sam." Leah growled low in her throat as she closed the door of the passenger seat of Sam's truck, glaring at the large building they were parked in front of while the rest of the pack jumped out of the back. "What, and you think I do?" Sam snapped as he straightened his back, "God, knows I'd rather die than come here for help." "Then why are we here?" "Because this isn't about me, Leah." Sam looked back and glared at the girl causing her to flinch back, "This is about the reservation. We need help and if we don't get help La Push will be lost forever." Leah gave a huff as she folded her arms across her chest involuntarily causing her to take a breath and filling her nose with a the scent that made it burn and ache. The scent of vampires. Embry and Quil both stood behind Sam, staring up apprehensively at the large shaded glass structure. Paul and Jared went to stand on Sam's right side, each one pulling a face at the disgusting scent that leaked out of every crack of the building in front of them while Leah stood on his left with Seth on her other side. The female shifter sent a weary glance at her little brother, the boy's eyes were wide with unrestrained curiosity as he stared at the building before them. Leah bit her lip and looked back up at Sam who looked like he was trying to prepare himself for a great battle. "Did we have to bring Seth?" Leah asked in a hushed voice leaning up so she could speak in her alpha's ear, "I don't want him in a building full of leeches, what if he gets hurt?" Sam's eyes flickered down at Leah for a moment before he brought it back in front of him, "We need all the back up we can get. None of us have ever been here before, so we don't know what were getting ourselves into. I could be leading us into a goddamn ambush for all I know, that's why we need him. We didn't bring Collin and Brady because they've never fought against vampires before, but Seth has. We need him Leah." "But-" "This needs to be done no matter what, think about La Push." "You say that like you think Jacob would let them hurt us." Embry said with a frown as he looked up at Sam, "You don't really think he'd do that do you?" Seth's head snapped up at that, "Of course not, Jake's our brother. He'd never-" "We haven't seen Jacob Black for three years." Jared ground out, "We have no idea what he might be like now, especially after he chose that thing over us. He could be one of them now for all we know." "You don't know that." Quill argued as his hands clenched into fists. "And neither do you, we don't know how he's changed since he practically fell off the face of the earth." Paul growled as he shot a glare back at Quil when his features softened and he brought his gaze back down to the asphalt ground. "Rachel came back reeking of leech when she tried to visit La Push two years ago, who knows what happened to her." "Are you trying to say that Jake would hurt his own sister?" Leah asked as she narrowed her eyes down at Paul and the shifter was about to answer when Sam sent him a warning look and spoke for him. "None of that matters now. What matters is going in getting what we need and getting back out, that's it." The alpha let his eyes drift over all of them as he gave them a warning glare, "None of you will do anything stupid, none of you will move without my word and none of you will stray from the pack. Stick together, I don't want to believe that Jacob would allow any of you to get hurt but like Jared said its been three years." Sam turned back and took a deep breath fighting against the urge to phase as the sickeningly sweet scent of bleach filled his nose. "We don't know what he's like now." Yes, it's been three years. Three years since that fateful day when Jacob announced that he'd imprinted on one of them. Three years since Jacob abandoned his home, his family and his pack, for one of them. A leech. A damn vampire. Jacob had sworn up and down that Edward, apparently his name is, and his 'family' weren't like all the other vampires who have come through Forks before. Gone on and on about how they accepted him regardless of what he was and how pathetic it was that his own family couldn't do the same thing. Needless to say neither Sam or anyone in the tribe had reacted well to Jacob's rant and it wasn't long until the alpha forbade him for going anywhere near Forks ever again. Unfortunately Jacob didn't listen. None of the quileute's had seen or heard anything from the shifter since he defied Sam and ran off to be with that fucking parasite. Although the first year that he was gone, Rachel Black had somehow gotten up the courage to go and see him, but for some reason Rachel never returned. Billy had gone into a complete state when Rachel called to say that she wasn't coming back, but that she was staying with Jake and the Cullens. But what had shocked the older man more than anyone else was how Rachel had actually asked Billy to go over and see Jacob himself. The girl had gone into a spell just beaming as she told her father of how well Jacob was doing and how he and the leech were just so in love and how Billy would like 'him' too if he just gave them a chance. Completely ignoring the fact that she and her brother basically abandoned him for a coven of vampires, going on and on like it was the most normal thing in the world. Billy had just put the phone back on the hook and never spoke to Rachel again, no matter how many times she called or wrote. She even went to the reservation to see Billy once, but upon catching the scent of leech practically pouring out of her veins when she tried to cross the border. Sam and Jared were forced to stop her short and since Billy displayed no desire to see her, she never came back after that. "Let's go." Sam said finally as he walked up to the large building that stood at the very edge of town. There were no signs on the sides of the building, no defining marks or symbols other than the large iconic black glass walls that surrounded it. But that didn't stop every person in Forks from knowing exactly what this place is. The house of Cullen. You see after the vampire gang wars that broke out in town about ten years ago, Forks Washington went from a sleepy quiet little town to supernatural crime central. Multiple covens of vampires descended upon the town apparently being drawn to the cloudy weather and secluded forestry and inevitably this caused a bit of instability since the vampires that moved to the small town all started fighting for territory, power and most important of all food supply. The only place that was ever safe was La Push since the shifters had started phasing just a few months after the first bloodsuckers moved in. It was quite surprising how the vampires automatically just stayed away from the reservation and it's wolf protectors, but Sam would later learn that the european wolves had created quite the reputation for them resulting in most bloodsuckers to come up with some interesting theories that usually involved poisonous bites and airborne diseases. But the natives didn't complain since all those rumours just meant more protection on the reservation. But still, while La Push was safe Forks was not. The town's human population was dwindling fast and since the wolves couldn't branch out into Forks to protect the humans there, for fear of leaving the reservation open for attack, the humans were basically on their own. That is until the Cullens moved into town. Carlise Cullen and his mate Esme had by far the biggest coven that Sam had ever seen in his life and it only seemed to get bigger with every year that went by. Although this should have been cause for concern, the alpha and just about every resident of La Push found that the vampire wars practically ended the moment that the Cullens had moved to Forks. But they'd apparently stopped for good reason. Whenever a human was a attacked in Forks, which was quite often as you can imagine, the Cullens put a stop to it. Seeming to hunt and kill any vampires that hunted or killed within the towns limits. The Olympic coven had claimed Forks as their territory and even more shocking than that they didn't feed on humans. To Sam's complete and total utter surprise the Cullens fed on animals and never touched human blood if they could help it. They even stayed off of the reservation, not because they feared whatever vampire killing disease the 'werewolves' carried but because of a treaty that had been lost long ago, decades before Sam and even Billy's time. Now you're probably wondering, 'Well if they're so great then why do the people of La Push hate them so much?' Well it's a delicate matter of what they did in Forks, rather than what they did to protect it. If the fact that they weren't murderous bloodsucking murderers by nature wasn't enough. If being mortal enemies with the wolves wasn't enough of a reason for the quileute's to hate them. There was also the cover they chose to use for exactly where all those piles of money come from that the Cullens spent so easily and without care. That cover was the House of Cullen. And the house of Cullen was a gentlemen's club or in simpler terms. It was a brothel. Sam sneered at the drunken man he could see come stumbling through the building's doors. He looked about forty-fifty years old, with black greying hair, about five' eight with a medium build. The man gave a grin as he pulled the red tie onto his neck and closed his shirt to hide the red bruises that lay scattered on his neck and chest, before fishing what looked like a gold wedding band out of his pocket and slipping it onto his ring finger. Paying a bunch of bloodsuckers for a quick screw before going back to his wife? Disgusting. Not that Sam has any right to judge