A/N: this has been on my hard drive since last year. I wasn't really planning on posting it but the work I'm doing on his Legacy is a little slow so I figured I should post a little something extra. It's kind of a shock piece, so there will not be a sequel or a second chapter. It's set after breaking dawn. No, Renesmee. Apologies spelling grammar and OOCness Disclaimer: I do not own twilight or any of it's characters, that right goes to Stephanie Meyer Jacob let out a barely audible grasp as he was suddenly wrapped in an ice cold hard going around his waist and pressing against his back. The shifter let his hands rest on the chopping board and carrots that lay in front of him on the table and tried hard not to smile as he felt his hair being brushed aside while cold lips gently left a cool trail down the side of his neck. "You're early, Edward." Jacob sighed as the vampire's arm tightened around his waist for a moment and as sharp teeth briefly nipped at his skin. "I thought you'd still be hunting with Bella." Jacob could feel Edward shrug as his hand slipped away from his waist while the other kept moving his hair out of the way as the telepath moved to the other side of his throat. "I wanted to see you, so I finished early. Bella's still hunting with Alice and Jasper." The shifter paused for a second trying to clear his mind of the fog that was slowly starting to take hold, "Did you tell them where you were going?" Edward paused as well, "I told them I had an errand to run. I wasn't lying though. I did have something to pick up before I came here." The vampire then continued with his previous perusal of Jacob's neck while the shifter kept his eyes open and stared at the garden in the back yard which he really needs to remember to mow as he took a deep breath. God, this is all so wrong. "This needs to stop Edward." "But I don't want it to stop." The telepath whispered as his hands suddenly disappeared, "I know you don't want it to stop either." "What you and I want doesn't matter," Jacob said as his hands clenched around the knife in his hands. "What matters is what's right and wrong. And this is all wrong." Edward paused as he pulled away from Jacob's back, "I got you something." Jacob gave an exasperated sigh as he let go of the knife and turned around to face the vampire who was wearing a warm smile on his face. "I don't want or need anything else from you Edward." "I know that," Edward said with a shrug as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a small black box, "I just saw this a few days ago and thought of you, so I got it for you." Jacob watched as Edward opened the small box to pull out a long silver chain with a smaller platinum square hanging from it. The pendant was engraved with a silver infinity symbol on it while two small diamonds were fixed on either side of the figure eight. Edward reached up and behind Jacob to place the pendant around his neck and made secure it, but made no effort to pull away from the shifter as he made his slow descent around Jacob's neck down his chest leaving a trail of kisses in his wake. "Edwa-" "Hush, let me take care of you like I promised." Jacob shut his eyes and sighed as Edward wrapped his arms around his waist before moving up to seal their lips in a kiss. ONE YEAR EARLIER. "O.K. You can open your eyes." Jacob blinked at the bright light that suddenly flooded his vision as he took a moment to take in his surroundings, while the leech as always stood way too close for comfort right behind him. The shifter paused as his eyes took in the large open and very empty room, with white wash walls and light brown hardwood floors. There was a large open doorway that led to another large room to the left along with a flight of stairs that led to the upper half of the... house? I guess. The right side of the room looked like it could be the den area, there was a single step down to divide the space from the rest of the open planned flooring that led to yet another door way on the farther side behind the stairs. Large french doors allowed for sunlight to flood the entire area. Jacob stepped forward as he took it all in not exactly sure what he was supposed to think, while the vampire stayed close behind him the entire time. About a year had passed since Edward and Bella got married and things seemed to have finally settled down in the foggy town of Forks. There weren't anymore vampires showing up in town randomly trying to kill Bella anymore. Bella had been turned and was now playing happy vampire families with the Cullens. The creepy Volturi weren't watching them too closely anymore since Edward held up his end of the bargain and turned the love of his life into one of them. And Jacob was finally left alone so he could get some time to lick his wounds. No pun intended. God, he'd been such an idiot. Running after this one girl for two years, going through only lord knows how much shit to try and win her heart all for her to rip his heart out, crush it under her foot, set it on fire and flush the ashes down the toilet. He was an idiot. Bella didn't want him, Bella never wanted him and yet he still went followed her around like some sad desperate puppy because he just 'knew' that he was better for her. Because he wanted to keep her alive and give her a real life, he wanted to save her from damning her own soul by becoming one of them, he would have done anything to make her happy. So he was the better choice right? Wrong. Bella has been fixated on the idea of becoming a vampire since the moment she found out what Edward was. All she heard was immortality, everlasting youth and then bam! The girl was hooked. Sometimes Jacob wondered if Bella really even loved Edward or if she just loved what he could give her, but then they'd get all lovey dovey in front of him making his stomach wretch and feel like he was going to hurl so he let it go and decided that she must love him if she's willing to put up with that. She gave her life for him, so she must love him right? All in all Jacob had spent his time alone during Edward and Bella's honeymoon and he wasn't all that surprised to see her come back as a bloodsucking parasite. Of course Bella wanted them to stay friends and Jacob reluctantly agreed, even though he really didn't want to spend time with his best friend's walking corpse but it wasn't too bad. The smell wasn't too difficult to ignore and at times it'd feel like old times. Other times Jacob felt like he wanted to jump out of the nearest window. The shifter did a slow turn letting his eyes run over all his surroundings wondering exactly what he was supposed to be looking for. When Edward stepped forward with a small smile on his face and placed a hand on the small of Jacob's back as he started to show him around. Completely oblivious to the fact that they've already had this conversation where Jacob told him that he wasn't comfortable letting a parasite touch him. But the shifter kept his mouth shut, deciding he can tell Edward off after he tells him what the hell is going on here. "That's the dining room right over there, there's an area that leads from there to the kitchen over here." Edward gestured towards the large open door way to the left as he gently pushed Jacob towards the right side of the room towards the other door way. Jacob let his eyes sweep over the modern kitchen with black marble tops and state of the art stainless steel appliances. The entire right side of the kitchen was made of glass, showing off the beautiful garden in the back yard and what looked like a well kept shed in the far corner. The leech pushed Jacob on along the glass wall which led to the dining room and what looked like an office area where the two corners were made from glass and let in as much light as possible. The leech then led him up the stairs and showed him two guest bedrooms, a study and the guest bathroom, before leading him to the double doors at the end of the hall. "And this is the master bedroom." Edward said with a smile as he opened one of the doors and let Jacob step in ahead of him. It was big but not overwhelmingly so, it carried the usual trade mark of large open windows wooden floors and white walls like the rest of the house. "Master bathroom is through there." Edward gave a nod towards a door on the left and Jacob walked over and opened it to see the entire room made up of gleaming black tiles with white trimmings here and there while the basin, french bathtub and toilet were a bright white contrasting beautifully with the rest of the room. While the glass shower stood almost invisibly in the backdrop of the room, with the only indication being the shiny silver faucets and the gleam from the shower door. Jacob pulled the door closed and looked back at the vampire to find him leaning against the wall as he stared expectantly. "What?" "What do you think?" Jacob frowned, "About what?" Edward almost rolled his eyes as he pushed himself off the wall to walk towards him, "About the house Jake, what do you think?" Jacob glanced around him and gave a shrug, "It's nice." The vampire kept moving forward, "Just nice?" "Really nice. It's a great place." Jacob answered with a nod of his head as he raked a hand through his now shoulder length hair. "I'm sure Bella will love it." "Bella?" The vampire paused and the wolf's head gave a slight tilt. "Yeah Bella, your wife. You know memory loss is one of the first signs of alzheimers." Jacob said as he walked towards the centre of the room. "You should have the doc check you out, someone as ancient as you must be ten times more likely to get it." Edward sighed at the insult, "No, I was wondering why Bella's opinion would matter right now." "Why wouldn't it? You got it for her, right?" Jacob shrugged walking towards the window, where a large balcony stood on the other side. "When are you guys moving in?" "This house isn't for Bella, Jacob." The shifter turned back and stood in front of the window. "It's not?" "No." "Then who's it for? Barbie and the muscle head? Or shortie and emo?" "It's for you." "Very funny flea bag." "I'm serious, I got it for you Jake." "Me?!" Jacob's eyes went wide, "For me to do what with?!" "To live in." Edward said simply as he stepped forward as he glanced at the walls, "They left the walls unpainted because I figured you'd want to pick the colours yourself or even paint it yourself. And then I thought we could go look at some furniture tomorrow and-" "Woah, woah, woah! Hold it leech boy." Jacob said now looking utterly confused, "Are you telling me that you went out and rented a house for