A/N: Good day duckies! So like, I wanted to write a story in which Carlisle experiences extreme confusion and shock, so I figured what better way than to make him teach a sexEd class for the Cullens and the pack. There are a lot of drawn out explanations I know but the story isn't half bad, specially when the vampires and wolves start asking some interesting questions. P.S: for those interested, the next chapter of Fault should be up in the next few days, definitely before Monday (take note, I'm working on South African time) and the next update will carry two chapters. I'm just ironing out a few details, this one-shot was written on the side when inspiration suddenly struck. Apologies spelling, grammar and OOCness. Disclaimer: let's see... Sparkling vampires? Check. Completely illogical ability to get an erection without a pulse? Check. The plague that is Bella Swan? Check. Edward choosing Bella instead of Jacob who he clearly belongs with? Check. Conclusion; there is no way I could possibly be responsible for the Twilight franchise in any way whatsoever. The blame for that goes to Stephanie Meyer. "Good morning." Carlisle said in a clear but low voice, somehow managing to speak over the crowd of teenagers that sat on the bleachers in the school gym. The loud roar of talking grew softer as the doctor looked over them and smiled when he saw his children getting along so well with the shifters or rather he was glad to see his children looking a lot less hostile as they sat much closer to the shifters than they would usually allow. It had been quite a surprise when the principle of Forks high called and asked the blonde doctor to come in and do the yearly health class lecture for the schools upper classmen not only for the students of Forks, but for the kids on the reservation as well. Apparently the school district officials thought it would be easier if they just did a joint class instead of sending a professional to do the class for each school on different days. They were all teenagers going through the same thing after all, so what harm could a little inter-school bonding do? Of course, since the doctor knew that most if not all the wolves were highschool students, Carlisle had been concerned when he found out that they'd be forced into a room with a coven of vampires. After all tempers were sure to flare and he really didn't think that a group of natives turning into wolves the size of horses in the school gym would go down very well with the human population. Thankfully there didn't seem to be a problem, well not yet anyway. Carlisle let his gold eyes scan the crowd as the low hum of talking decreased. Most of the quiluetes were sitting together mixing in with the humans and talking to the many curious teens who weren't used to seeing the natives anywhere outside of the reservation, while the Cullen kids sat to one side as always as separate from the humans as possible. Which wasn't very far mind you, but it would have to do. Of course Carlisle had no illusions about this temporary cease fire lasting very long after the quileutes were taken back to the reservation, but he hoped that the semi peaceful air could spark some civil behaviour on both sides in the future. As Carlise prepared to speak he resisted a frown at when he caught sight of Seth, the only one of the wolves that didn't seem to mind sitting too close to the Cullens as he sat beside Jasper, while the empath gazed down at the boy with a fond smile. While Jasper's attention on Seth was a bit odd, what had the doctor resisting a frown was the boy's presence at Forks at all. He hadn't known that any of the younger reservation students would be attending the class as well, but judging from some of the younger looking shifters upfront they apparently were. The sire briefly wondered if this was the principals doing or simply Sam wanting the pack to have as much back up as possible. Alice sat on Jasper's other side with Rosalie and Emmett sitting behind them. Rosalie didn't seem to be paying much attention to her mate as she seemed much too busy on her phone while Emmett kept glancing over towards the wolves with his arms crossed over his chest and a slight pout on his lips. Had they gotten into a fight? But Rosalie and Emmett never stay angry at each other for too long, so what could possibly have happened to make them behave this way? How strange. But the strangest of all had to be Edward. The telepath sat beside Bella, the girl was leaning against his chest with her one of her hands wrapped around his as she spoke completely unaware of the vampires gaze which seemed to be fixed elsewhere. On one of the wolves actually. This time Carlisle couldn't fight a frown. The shifters all seemed to be acting a little strangely as well. Embry sat between Jacob and Quil, ducking his head down low as a dark blush stayed stubbornly on his face. Jacob had turned his body so he was facing away from the Cullen's side, fidgeting uncomfortably as he kept his gaze up ahead and raked a hand through his short hair every so often. Leah sat next to Paul who sat next to Quil and Jared, seeming to toss a look over at Seth every now and then. Of course that isn't all that odd since anyone with eyes could see that she was incredibly protective over her little brother. The only one that seemed normal was Paul, although he wasn't his usual angry self, there's nothing abnormal about a teenager focusing all their attention on their cellphone either. The doctor took a deep unnecessary breath when he had deemed it quiet enough to speak, doing his best not to flinch at the heavy scent of wet dog that hung in the air. "I'm sure I've met most of you, so most of you know who I am but for those who don't, I am doctor Carlisle Cullen. I'm a physician, at Forks memorial hospital. And I was asked here today to conduct a lecture on sexual education." Some of the students shifted uncomfortably while, some were already trying had not to laugh and the Cullen kids looked more or less the same. Of course after witnessing his children's romantic escapades over the passed fifty years, Carlisle really doesn't expect much of a reaction from any of them. "I understand that some of you may be a bit uncomfortable with this particular subject, but believe me when I say that the discussion today will be beneficial to all of you in order to maintain a safe and healthy sexual life." The blonde shifted his weight a bit from one foot to another, when a girl he recognised as Jessica Stanley raised her hand, "This will be a lecture so I'm going to ask you to please hold all questions until the end, at which point I'll answer any queries you may have." Jessica seemed to give a brief huff before sinking back into her seat and he continued. "Before we start, I'd like to make it clear that while I'm sure that some of you are already engaging in sexual activities, it is still best to remind you that sex is a very intimate act and shouldn't be taken lightly. That's why it's important to do it with someone you truly care about since the memories of your first time will follow you into your adult life and could hold disastrous emotional and psychological after effects." "To start off I'll explain how basic sexual intercourse works as well as oral sex, masturbation along with a few myth's that have followed these methods over the years. Then I'll discuss the various methods of contraception after which I will answer any questions you might have." Carlisle explained with a smile as he pulled the microphone off of the stand that had been set up in front of him and pulled the cord a bit so he could move around freely. "First, I'll explain basic sexual intercourse. Now I'm sure you're all aware of the basic mechanics to how sex between a man and a woman works but just to be clear: it works by a man inserting his erect penis into a woman's vagina, thrusting in and out until ejaculation." Some of the students gaped while others stared at Carlisle with horrified expressions and the doctor just gave them an amused smile. "Forgive me for being so blunt, but I think it would be best to explain everything as it is and not use any drawn out metaphors as to avoid any confusion that might occur. Oral sex works more or less in the same way, with the exception of the male's penis going into another's mouth or in the case of female oral sex, one would use their tongue to breach through the hymen into the vagina. Next we have masturbation, which I'm sure most if not all of you are familiar with." A few students grinned while others shrank back into their seats, Mike Newton was smiling to himself as he stared off into space. "For those of you who honestly don't know, masturbation entails seeking out sexual gratification my stimulating your genitals without any outside assistance. Men use their hands to stroke and pull at their penis' until they reach their climax while women can use their hands or any inanimate aid to breach their vagina's and stimulate themselves until orgasm." "Now, I'm sure you've all heard the myths and so called facts on sexual intercourse and I'm sure many of them sound very convincing but some of them are built on nothing but pure speculation. For example, one myth suggests that masturbation can lead to blindness in men or some other horrible physical deformity. This is not true. Believe me when I say that the act is perfectly healthy and normal especially for those not receiving sexual stimulation from an outside source. Another myth suggests that a woman cannot get pregnant if it's her first time, also not true. Regardless of whether or not you've had sex before you can still get pregnant as long as you are in your ovulation period and in some cases women have been documented to falling pregnant I'd the midst of their menstruation cycle. Other myths suggest that sexual intercourse in a bathtub, standing up etcetera etcetera, lowers the chances of pregnancy or the transmission of sexually transmitted diseases or STD's. I'm sorry to inform you that none of these myths are true and in no way lower the risks that follow along with sex." Carlisle turned and took a few steps to the right, "That being said there are proven ways of lowering these risks. Take note that these methods are in no way fool proof, but simply lower the chances of pregnancy or the transferrance of STD's by a certain percentage. Such methods include the usage of condoms, which is a thin rubber sheath which is worn over a man's penis during sexual intercourse. These sheaths come in many different sizes brands and even flavours for those who use it for oral sex. They work in the way of covering the man's penis in-order to prevent skin on skin contact to avoid the trasnferrance of diseases and infections, and also contain the semen that's dispensed during the ejaculation process to prevent pregnancy. There are also female condoms which work in the same way as male condoms with the exception of the condom being inserted into the vagina. While condoms are a popular choice of contraceptive, it's important to know that they are in no way one hundred percent effective as the