A/N: Sober by P!nk Apologies spelling, grammar and OOCness Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of its characters "Home sweet home." Eric said with a strained laugh as he stepped aside so Jacob could walk in, his blush went one shade deeper as the Quileute brushed up against him when he slipped inside. But Jacob barely even noticed, despite the fact that he was soaking wet from the pouring rain and completely naked to boot, but then again Jacob didn't really care about much at that point. Eric quickly closed the door and ducked his head down as he walked around the other teen, flipping on switches as he walked through the house and Jacob followed. The shorter teen paused for a moment beside an arch way leading to one of the rooms that Eric had just switched on, just barely lifting his gaze as he gestured towards it with a slight wave of his hand. "You can-uhm-sit in the kitchen, my mom's still on her shift so she won't be back till later." Jacob walked over to stand beside the other teen to look in the room letting his eyes sweep over the kitchen, going over everything from the tiny kitchen table with the miss matched chairs to the white four plate stove in the corner of the room without thinking much about the room at all. Eric's house didn't look like much but then again neither did his. "I'll… go get the medical kit." Eric said as he left the room as quickly as his legs would carry him while Jacob just walked over to the kitchen table and made to sit down on the chair nearest to the window just over the kitchen sink, when it occurred to him that he was still very naked and very wet so he opted to just stand by the window instead, watching as the rain came down heavily outside on the deserted street while thunder roared and lightning flashed brightly across the cloudy sky. He isn't entirely sure what he's doing here, at Eric's house in the middle of the night. In all honesty this is probably the last place that Jacob thought he'd end up after he phased and tore through the forest. But at the same time he wasn't in any kind of hurry to leave either. Despite the fact that he barely knows Eric, Jacob was somewhat grateful for his company since he really doesn't want to be alone tonight. The fact that he barely knew Eric actually made him feel a bit better about the whole situation. He's an outsider. He doesn't know about the wolves or the vampires or the stupid fucking love triangle bullshit that Jacob's been dealing with ever since Bella moved into town. Unlike the entire reservation, Eric doesn't know how Jacob's been running after Bella like a love sick puppy, letting her string him along even though deep down he knew that she would never want him. Eric doesn't know about any of it. So he won't give Jacob that same pitying glance he gets from Billy and Sue every time he walks into the room after going to see Bella or glare and growl at him in annoyance the way most of the pack does whenever he phases and they catch him thinking about her. Eric doesn't know and Jacob really doesn't want to be alone tonight so this basically made the human teen the perfect person to spend the night with in his moment of deep distress. So when Eric found him walking down the vacant road in his birthday suit in the pouring rain and offered him a ride home, Jacob accepted but asked that the teen not take him back to the reservation. He just wasn't up to seeing anyone in La Push just yet, not after what happened. As for why Jacob was walking around in the rain naked in the first place, well the answer is quite simple. He imprinted on Edward Cullen. How did that happen? Well, Jacob was at Bella's arguing with Bella because she just wouldn't fucking listen when he tried to tell her that Edward wasn't the right choice for her. Edward showed up and Jacob locked eyes with the telepath for the very first time since that night at the dance before he became a wolf. He imprinted and freaked out, phased and ran into the woods and Edward followed for some unfathomable reason. He caught up to the shifter, forced him to stop and read his mind, inevitably leading to Edward finding out about the imprint. The vampire was shocked beyond all comprehension just staring at the shifter in complete disbelief before he finally spoke. " I'm sorry Jacob, but I can't return your feelings. I love Bella and only Bella." With that the vampire turned back and left. Feelings. Jacob didn't know what he was feeling. He phased back after Edward forced him to stop, having realized that he was not ready to share his mind with the pack when he wasn't even sure what the hell was going on in his own head in the first place. So when Edward left he was just standing there, completely naked and not caring about it either. He just kept running the vampire's words over and over again in his head. That look of confusion, shock and then complete terror at the wolf's revelation. Confusion, shock and terror. Confusion because he didn't understand, shock when he started to understand and terror when the full implication behind his understanding fully set in. Jacob had no idea how to feel about that. He just imprinted. He should be happy. But he imprinted on a vampire and not just any vampire, he imprinted on Edward Cullen. The same Cullen that kept messing with Bella's life. So maybe he should've felt… angry? Sad? Upset? Yeah upset. But Jacob didn't know how he felt, if anything he just sort of felt hollow and he wasn't exactly sure why. Maybe it's because he finally imprinted on someone, but it wasn't on Bella the way he's hoped it would be since he first found out about his shifter heritage. Maybe it's because he imprinted on a vampire, a male vampire that he hated or thought he hated. Whatever it was left Jacob feeling empty. At some point after Edward left, Jacob started walking, he isn't sure when or why he started doing that. The vampires words just kept coming back to him over and over again and Jacob kept thinking the scene over in his head over and over again. Eventually it started raining and Jacob found himself walking down the side of the road at ten o'clock at night with absolutely no idea as to how he got there but not really caring much about it either. That's when Eric found him, managed to get him into his shitty little Honda and offered him a ride home. Jacob refused to go home. Somehow through the confusion he managed to remember the fact that he wasn't ready to go home to the rez just yet. He couldn't face his father or Sam or the pack, since he knew they'd find out about what happened eventually and Jacob wouldn't know how to deal with them once they did. For the moment Jacob wanted to pull himself together and get his brain back in working order. So he convinced Eric to take him somewhere else instead. That's how they ended up at his house. "So, I found some extra clothes." Eric suddenly said causing the shifter to look up and find him standing by the kitchen table while the teen did all he could to avoid looking directly at him as he set a first aid kit down on the table held out the bundle on material in his hands. "They used to be my Dad's and he was pretty big, I figured that they should fit." "Thanks." Jacob said as he took the clothes, taking a moment to hold out the sweat pants and get a look at them before pulling them on and did the same with the t-shirt only to pause when Eric spoke. "Hang on." The teen said as he reached out to open the first aid kit, "We should probably take care of those wounds first." "Wounds?" Jacob frowned looking down at himself when he finally noticed the cuts bleeding out over his skin in random places. He must've gotten scratched at some point; in the woods maybe? It didn't really matter, they'll probably heal themselves in the next hour but he couldn't tell Eric that. "Uh, sit down." Eric said awkwardly as he pushed the chair nearest to Jacob out a little and Jacob just walked over and sat down while Eric pulled one of the other chairs closer and sat down as well, searching through the first aid kit while Jacob just watched him as he set out the supplies moved a little closer and started cleaning the wounds, starting with the ones on his arms. " I'm sorry Jacob, but I can't return your feelings. I love Bella and only Bella." Jacob couldn't stop thinking the leech's words over in his head. Leech? Vampire… Edward, it's Edward. Edward Cullen. Even through all of his confusion, Jacob knew that he wouldn't be able to think of the other man as a leech or a parasite no matter how badly he wanted to. He couldn't help but think about Edward's words over and over again in his head. Edward said that he was sorry, that much Jacob could believe. He could hear the regret in the vampire's voice as it washed over his ears and filled his mind. He believes that Edward really was sorry. Then Edward said that he couldn't return Jacob's feeling because he loves Bella and only Bella and that's where Jacob's mind keeps getting a little stuck. Edward said that he couldn't accept his feelings. But Jacob didn't know what he was feeling, he just knows that he imprinted that's all. There's no concrete way of knowing once you've imprinted once you do all you can do is wait for something to change. For the imprintee to suddenly just be different in your eyes, for you to suddenly just see them for the first time, for you to try and deny you felt anything only for the imprint to start raining all of its unholy unforgiving fury on you. Sam said that when he imprinted on Emily he wasn't really sure what happened. He remembers seeing things in her eyes, tons of things. Memories that hadn't happened yet, fantasies of how he hoped things between them could someday be, but it all happened too quickly for him to really understand at first. That's why it was so easy to ignore at first. Why he could keep on pretending that nothing between him and Emily and Leah had changed. But the longer he stayed around Emily, the sooner he realized that something had changed. Every time she was close he felt more complete than when it was just him and Leah but still he could manage to deny that anything had changed. But then Emily announced that she was going to leave and go back home. She was only in La Push for a short visit after all. The fact that she suddenly felt different around Sam, her cousin's fiancé Sam, only strengthened her resolve and she was determined to leave. Unfortunately Sam's wolf hadn't reacted well to the news which is when the imprint kicked in hard. He wasn't able to deny it after that. He told Leah and predictably Leah flipped but he tried to reassure her, just cause he imprinted on Emily didn't mean that he would ever leave Leah for her cousin right? After all, the imprinter could only be what the imprintee wanted them to be, as long as they stayed close to