A/N: Slash AU one shot Heartbroken Jacob, Bella's a good friend Apologies spelling, grammar and OOCness Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of its characters " Jacob this is a stupid idea." " Well it isn't your call Cowboy." Cowboy. Jacob started calling him that no more than two days after they met. The teen said he liked his Southern accent and although Jasper normally despised the nick name, he let it slide where Jacob was concerned. Even if his sister Rosalie teased him about it endlessly every chance she got. Right at that moment however Jasper just felt angry and frustrated, because they were arguing about Jacob's boyfriend, the only thing they ever argue about because Jacob was too love struck to see reason. " What about your father?" " Jazz-" Jacob sighed in frustration as he paused from stuffing a shirt into his bag to look back at the blonde sitting on his bed with a glare. "We talked about this, I love him." " Enough to abandon your family?" " I'm not abandoning them." Jacob said clearly, "But dad's being unreasonable." " He's tryin' to look out for you, Jacob we all are." Jasper said with a sigh as he got up to grab the Quileute's arm to stop him short as he spoke, "You barely know this guy. At least think about it for a few days first." Jacob shook his head and growled in frustration, "There's nothing to think about, I know what I'm doing." " Jacob-" " Jasper, this is what I want to do and if you're my friend you'll let this go." Jasper looked away, Jacob zipped up his bag and made to pull it over his shoulder only to be stopped short when the blonde grabbed his shoulder to turn him around and put a hand on the back of his neck sealing their lips in a soft kiss. Jacob to froze for a moment before the blonde pulled back. " Jacob I'll always be there for you, no matter what. But I love you too much to just stand here and watch you do this." Jacob stared back at the blonde as he leaned in to press a kiss on Jacob's forehead before he turned and left the room. " I'm tellin' Billy." For a moment Jacob hesitated, for the briefest of moments and he almost set the bag back down on the floor when he heard his father's voice in the living room and just pulled the bag over his shoulder, opened the window and jumped down to the ground. ~ ONE YEAR LATER ~ "Keep the change." Bella said as she tugged the hood of her dark green raincoat over her head, silently cursing herself for not letting Edward just pick her up the way that he'd offered to do when he called, as she opened the cab door and quickly stepped out into the pouring rain before the cab driver took off. The girl hissed when she realized that the driver had dropped her off on the other side of the road, opposite to the parking lot of the restaurant where she was supposed to meet Edward. As if things could get any worse. First her truck breaks down for what has to be the hundredth time this year, then her boss makes her stay an extra hour later than normal so she could restock the shelves and then she totally ruins her dress when she spilled coffee on it less than ten minutes before she left the house. That entire night was starting to turn into a nightmare. The brown haired girl looked both ways before she crossed the street, wary of any cars that might suddenly come out of nowhere since she was clumsy enough without the pouring rain. Thunder roared and lighting flashed, Bella jumped before quickly taking a deep breath as she jogged across the street, groaning at her choice of clothing since the green dress she chose to wear instead of the red one left her legs terribly exposed to the harsh weather, especially since her coat only went down to her knees. The pumps she wore certainly weren't helping the situation either. But tonight is a special night so she didn't want to show up looking frumpy and boring the way she usually did in her blue jeans and sweaters. Tonight is her and Edwards two year anniversary which is why Edward got them a table at one of the best Italian restaurants in town, so Bella wanted to look special. Which is why she really should have agreed to let Edward pick her up, but Bella didn't want to seem too dependent on Edward. He was always doing things for her, buying her extravagant gifts and taking her to all sorts of exotic places. Of course she appreciates Edward's generosity it's just that it made her feel a bit uncomfortable sometimes. Like the last time they got into a fight because she hadn't seen him in ages, the very next day Edward showed up with a diamond necklace and tickets for a new play. And another time when they were out and Edward was glued to his phone for the majority of the afternoon basically ignoring her presence, Bella confronted him about it and Edward bought her flowers and took her to a poetry reading but they never really managed to put that argument to bed. Bella let out a sigh once she reached the other side of the street and looked out over the parking lot towards the restaurant on the other side. Edward loves her, Bella knows he does but sometimes, sometimes she feels like he's hiding something from her and covering it up with gifts and plays and art shows. So when he offered to pick her up that afternoon, Bella turned him down, just knowing that she wouldn't be able to stomach it if Edward showed up in the Mercedes. The very same car that he tried to give her but she quickly refused because she knew how much attention it would draw. The girl shivered a bit and wrapped her arms around her chest, still clutching her purse under her arm as she quickly made her way across the parking lot. It was mostly lit with only two or three dark patches caused by broken lights. As she made her way passed the parked cars she looked around, trying to see if she could see Edward's car since she wasn't entirely sure of the time and was pretty sure that she left the house ten minutes early so she could get there on time. In the only stroke of luck of that night Bella got a cab after no more than five minutes of waiting which is also around about the same time that the rain started. Good thing she decided to take her coat or else she really would have been in trouble. It was right in the middle of these thoughts that she suddenly caught sight of what looked like Edward's Volvo and the girl was about to walk a little faster to meet him inside when she noticed a man standing right in front of it. He was tall with russet skin and black hair soaked and clinging to his head, but Bella couldn't see his face since he was facing away from her. He was soaked from head to toe with his grey t-shirt and blue jeans sticking to his body and water rushing down his arms in streams. The Volvo was parked near the edge of the parking lot, a couple of yards away from the nearest car and right under a broken street light so Bella only had the light behind him to see the man by but she was sure that he was standing in front of Edward's car. What really got her though, is the metal baseball bat the man held loosely in his right hand. Lighting flashed with a loud crack ringing through the air and Bella tensed tremendously, but her flight instincts didn't kick in the way they probably should have. No, before Bella could stop herself she turned back and started walking towards the man. "Hey! Hey what do you think you're doing?!" The rain was still coming down hard so Bella figured that he probably couldn't hear her over the roar of the rain as she kept moving forward. "Hey! What are you doing, that's not your car!" she called again and this time the man turned back to look at her watching as the girl approached before he started to lift his left hand and that's when Bella's survival instincts kicked in when she realized what a bad idea it was to approach a random stranger, in an abandoned parking lot, in the pouring rain with no one in sight. The girl froze when the man lifted his hand up so she could see and Bella frowned when she realized that it looked like the remote with two car keys dangling from the little ring. The man pressed one of the buttons on the remote and the Volvo in front of him gave a loud beep before its hazard and headlights blinked on and off at the same time. Bella blinked at the man who just stared back and she quickly glanced around the parking lot only to give a sigh of frustration when she realized that Edward did decide to take the Mercedes, since she could see the front of its hood way up front in one of the parking areas nearest to the restaurant. Bella flushed in embarrassment despite the cold. "I'm really, really so sorry, it's just… this looks like my boyfriend's car and I was just-" "It's fine, don't worry about it." The man said flatly as he just turned back and stared at the car before him all over again. Bella made to turn back only to hesitate and look back at the man. There was something about him. The way his shoulders slumped and the sound of his voice, not to mention the tremors she could see in his frame that she wasn't entirely convinced were caused by the cold chill in of the rain. He seemed like he was in pain. "Hey…" Bella started, this time a little more cautiously as she stepped closer to the man, "You know you'll get sick if you stay out here too long." The man said nothing and Bella came to a stop just a few feet behind him. "There's a restaurant right over there you could go inside, get something warm to eat." "I'm not hungry." the man answered and Bella held back a sigh, "Do you mind if I ask what you're doing out here?" The man didn't look back, "Thinking." "About what?" "Smashing this cars head lights in and slashing the tires." Bella paused, "Why would you want to do that?" This time the man turned to look at her, "Why do you care?" Bella paused at the look on his face, she might not be a genius but she knows heart ache when she sees it. Even through the rain and the way the man's hear clung to his skin with the longer strands sticking over his eyes Bella could tell that he was hurting and she couldn't help but take a step closer. "It's a nice car. I don't see why you'd want to wreck it." "I have my reasons." "Like what?" "Do you usually just walk up to strangers and try to interfere with their lives?" The man snapped and Bella paused before swallowing hard before she spoke, "Just the ones in with baseball bats in parking lots, I swear." The man blinked in surprise before a small smile tugged at the corner of his lips and he shook his head, "You have a lot of time on your hands done you?" "Pretty much." Bella said with a smile as she