A/N: so this one wouldn't leave me alone, so I wrote it and now I'm putting it up. I honestly don't know about this one I just felt like writing it so I did. Inspiration is a terrible thing to waste after all. Apologies spelling, grammar, OOCness. Some bad language and slashy sexual descriptions included. So beware. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of its characters. I seriously doubt Stephanie Meyer, would ever write something like this. Alice hopped up from one branch to another, leaping across the limbs of the tree's high above the forest floor with an impossible grace that made her movements look like artwork. Jasper jumped alongside her smiling fondly at his mate as the sunlight that beamed through the tree's danced across her skin and caused bursts of light to flash over her. Alice always looked so angelic when she was like this, so innocent and pure that Jasper would thank Maria for turning him so he'd get to meet the person he was destined to spend eternity with. They'd just finished hunting with Rosalie and Emmett, and the four vampires were making their way back home since Alice wanted to get back before Bella arrived so she could pick her mind on what she wanted to do for the wedding. The pixie almost sighed as she leaped up to the next branch which was higher up before twirling around to jump back down to another branch which was down lower. She wasn't having as much fun planning the wedding as she'd initially thought she'd be. Ever since they first joined the Cullens and she got to see how sad and lonely Edward was, Alice has wanted nothing more than to see him happy with a mate of his own. Someone who would love and cherish him as much as he desperately wanted to be loved. To be truthful the psychic has been waiting for this moment for years and was almost just as ecstatic as Edward was when he started seeing Bella. But now she wasn't so sure. Bella was terribly un-enthusiastic about the whole wedding thing, every time Alice tried to coax the girl into looking through bridal magazines and picking flowers for the ceremony Bella would always just smile uncomfortably and tell Alice that anything she picked would be fine. The human girl seemed more concerned with Edward turning her than Edward marrying her, which is something Alice couldn't really say she approved of. It's like Bella was thinking less about becoming mrs. Edward Cullen and thinking more about becoming Bella the vampire. But the pixie would always just shrug it off, since Bella has never really been all that into flowers and dresses and parties. The human has always been a little awkward when it came to those things so Alice would push all those thoughts to the back of her mind. Bella probably just hasn't processed everything that's been changing around her, once she does all of Alice's worries will be washed away. Alice looked up at Jasper and saw her mate staring at her with concern, he's been feeling a lot of anxiety and worry coming from her for a while and he's aware of Bella's waning emotions, so he's pretty sure that Alice was worried about the wedding and whether or not Edward would finally get the happy ending she's been waiting for him to have. No matter how many times Alice would get visions of Bella and Edward the future isn't always certain and only time will tell if Edward and Bella are meant to be. The pixie gave Jasper a warm smile when she suddenly stopped mid-leap and landed on a branch about halfway up the tree. Alice turned around and frowned as her head tilted to the side. Emmett and Rosalie were following just behind them although it was obvious that the blonde was trying to take her sweet time. "If you don't hurry we'll be late." The pair caught up with them rather slowly considering their vampire speed. Rosalie landed in a blur of blond as she gracefully stood on another limb just in front of Alice and picked at the spot of blood that had stained her white blouse while Emmett made a louder landing on the limb just above them where Jasper was standing, forcing the empath to quickly leap to another least Emmett's massive frame force him off. The larger vampire laughed while Jasper just rolled his eyes. "Oh dear, of course we have to make it back on time." Rosalie drawled as she moved her attention down to her perfectly manicured nails. "Wouldn't want to miss out on quality bonding time with Mary-Sue." "Rosalie don't be mean." Alice said with a frown as she folded her hands over her chest. "She's going to be part of our family from now on, the least you could do is try to be civil." "Family." The blond scoffed, "Is that what she is? Are you telling me you haven't noticed how uninterested miss Yawn is about joining our family." Alice paused as she shifted her feet a bit. So they've noticed too. "Cause if I didn't know any better I'd swear all 'Bella' is interested in is being turned." "She's eighteen Rosalie," Alice tried weakly defending her best friend, "She's probably just nervous about all of this." "Nervous, is that what were going with? O.K," Rosalie turned so she was looking at the empath who was standing on a branch higher up. "Is Bella just nervous?" Jasper's eyes moved from his sister to his mate, "She is, but I can't be sure what about." Rosalie turned back to Alice with a raised brow and the pixie bit her lip when Emmett jumped down to the branch next to his mate making a much softer landing than he had done before. "C'mon babe, as long as she makes Edward happy. Then none of that really matters." The blond gave a snort, "That's exactly the point. Edward isn't happy he's desperate. He's been so lonely for so long that meeting her messed with his head." "That's not true." Alice argued. "Yes it is." Rosalie folded her arms across her chest. "Be honest Alice, if Bella's scent wasn't what it was, if Edward could read her mind would he have even noticed her?" The other three were silent as they stood high up above ground. "You saw Jazz in a vision and when you met him you knew he was your mate. I found Emmett in the woods and I knew he was mine. And Edward..." Rosalie paused as she locked eyes with her sister. "He took one look at Bella Swan and wanted to kill her ." Alice bit her bottom lip again and she wrapped her arms around her waist, Rosalie's harsh words were starting to make too much sense for her liking. The pixie looked up when she felt an arm wrap around her shoulders as Jasper tried to comfort her before she let her gaze drift back to her sister. "He'll die without her." Rosalie rolled her eyes in annoyance, "No he won't. Jesus, you're starting to sound just like him." "Yes he will." Alice insisted as she leaned against Jasper's chest. "I tried to see it once, what would happen if Edward didn't marry Bella." "And?" "Nothing, his future goes completely blank." The blond's eyes widened for a moment until she took a deep unnecessary breath, "That doesn't mean he'll die Alice." "Then what else does it mean Rosalie?" "It could mean anything," Rosalie reasoned, "Remember when you saw Bella jump off a cliff and 'die' only to realise that the reason you couldn't see her is because she was with the dogs." Alice paused and her eyebrows furrowed in thought when Emmett suddenly spoke, "So you're saying Edward could end up with a shifter?" Rosalie's nose immediately scrunched up in disgust and her lips curled in a revolted sneer despite the next words she spoke. "Somehow even with the smell, one of the mutts would be better than the alternative." Jasper almost gaped, "I thought you hated the wolves." "I do." "Then what-" "My point is that Edward could do better. His true mate could be out there waiting for him, but he's too blinded by his fear of isolation to see that." The blonde shrugged, "And if he does end up going at it doggie style I suppose I could stomach a reeking mutt around the house if it made him happy. Provided that he was potty trained and Edward kept him on a leash of course." Alice sighed as she rolled her eyes, "Oh you're impossible." "He?" Emmett frowned, "What makes you think it would be a he?" "What you think Edward and the she-mutt-Clearwater would hit it off?" "The she-mutt-Clearwater has a name Rosalie." The pixie said with exasperation as she stood up straight but stayed in Jasper's arms. "Either way, if I had to pick one I'd say Edward would go for Black." "Jacob?!" Alice squeaked as she stared at Rosalie with something close to complete and total horror. "I'm sure as hell not talking about Black senior." "Why Jacob? He and Edward hate each other, not to mention the fact that we're enemies and getting involved with a shifter is nothing short of unnatural." "Think about it Alice, other than Bella who's the one person that always seems to be on Edward's mind." "Jacob, but-" "And when the pup got hurt after the fight with Victoria, who's the one that snuck into La Push after Carlisle left and watched him sleep just to make sure he was O.K." Alice's feet shuffled uncomfortably, "...Edward, but he only did that because Bella asked him to." "She asked him to check and make sure he's fine, I don't recall her saying anything about watching the pup sleep till he woke up." Rosalie said with a smirk as she shifted her weight from one foot to the other while Alice stuttered for a bit until she shut her mouth and looked up at Jasper. To Alice's complete and total utter surprise Jasper just gave a shrug, "Those two do have some very intense emotions flowing between them and not all of them are made up of anger and hatred." Alice's eyes widened a fraction and her mouth fell open in a gape as she stared at Jasper in disbelief until Emmett spoke again. "Plus if they did get together, Edward would never have to change him." The large vampire said thoughtfully as he threw his arm over Rosalie's shoulder, "Shit, Jake is better for Edward." The psychic vampire opened her mouth to speak when she just as suddenly closed it as she stared at the tree branch she still stood on and her lips pursed together in thought. "I-" "Relax Alice it was just an observation, besides I seriously doubt that-" Rosalie suddenly stopped when the scent of wet dog drifted in the air and she flinched back a bit in slight surprise, "Well speak of the mutt." Alice took a deep breath and frowned, "Jacob? What's he doing off the reservation?" "More importantly what's a dog doing on our land?" Alice stared at her sister, "First you're listing the reasons why Jacob is better for Edward and now you're calling him a dog." Rosalie rolled her eyes, "I didn't mean any of-" The blond was cut off again when Jasper suddenly moved, darting off in another direction. The three stared after him in surprise for a moment until they followed and found the empath standing on a branch about two hundred yards away from where they were before as he stared at something down below without blinking. "Jasper?" Alice asked as she landed beside him while Rosalie and Emmett leaped onto a branch just beside them. "What's up?" Emmett asked as he stared at Jasper in concern when Rosalie looked down at where her brother was