A/N: I don't usually write horror/thriller type fanfics, however I recently read a really old Twilight horror fanfic that left me absolutely fascinated. It's called And I Am Rebegot of Absence, Darkness, Death by Rhythm junkie. Seriously I was kinda disappointed that it was only one page long. Anyway I wanted to give the whole horror/thriller genre a try so now I am. It's a little more sexual than I'd intended but it works for what I was going for. This one is focused on Embry since he's my designated Uke of the month. Warnings: Slash as in m/m, descriptions of violence, character deaths, hints at bestiality, incest, blood drinking, extremely dubious consent… let's just say rape/non-con to be safe. DO NOT READ IF YOU ARE SENSITIVE TO ANY OF THESE TOPICS! Apologies spelling, grammar and OOCness (lots of that going on) Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of its characters. I do not own the lyrics for Louis Armstrong's What a wonderful world I see trees of green, red roses too I see them bloom if only in you And I think to myself, what a wonderful world Embry ran as fast as he could. Ignoring everything around him as he tore through the forest heading straight to Billy the way Sam ordered him and Quil to do. Yes, he and Quil. Unfortunately Quil got taken down by the bloodsuckers mere moments after they broke away from the rest of the pack. Embry resisted the urge to stop and howl at the moon in his pain and anguish at losing his best friend as he remembered how the Leeches had pounced on him, sinking their fangs into his coat before they started tearing him apart. Now he's alone and he has to get to Billy, he has to tell him what happened and warn him about what the parasites were planning before it was too late. If he can just get to the older man then the reservation can be notified, people can be warned and maybe, just maybe some of them might be able to get away and survive. It's this thought that drove Embry to move even faster using his paws to push himself further and further as he leaped over logs and dodged trees until he finally saw the red barn house the moment he broke through the forest. The shifter phased mid leap, landing with a crouch on the ground before leaping up to run to the house not even pausing to pull up his cut offs when he suddenly stopped just a few yards away from the front porch. The scent of bleach was heavy and thick in the air, growing stronger and stronger with every passing second and Embry prepared to phase only for something to suddenly appear in the trees just where he came from a few seconds ago. Embry froze as the grotesque figure appeared in the darkness. It was huge and moved on two legs, hunched over with long black claws at the end of white fur covered arms striped with pale skin. A hideously deformed face somewhere between human and dog with a flat nose and long sharp teeth dripping with thick green venom from its gaping mouth, while bright amber eyes flashed in the darkness, wolf ears peaked up on the top of its head while a long tail with twisted bones sticking out from its pale skin hung out from its lower back side. A hellish mixture of werewolf and vampire, the creatures head made a 360 degree turn as it went all the way around before falling loosely to the side, as if its neck had broken and twisted to an unnatural angle when its eyes fixed on the shifter and Embry held his breath. The creature didn't move just watched him as it took panting breaths and venom continued to drip down its face onto its furred neck and chest. Knowing that he only had one shot at this Embry took a deep breath and started to phase, the creature seemed to almost read his mind as it moved faster than a bolt of lightning and knocked him down, sending both to go tumbling over the ground in front of the house. Embry started to phase, violently trying to fight his way out from the monster's grasp only to end up pinned to the ground, half turned and already out of breath. The creature loomed over him, growling low in warning as sick green poison dripped from its mouth onto the wolf beneath it and its head turned back pausing as it faced the house before turning all the way around to fall back loosely just like before and Embry quickly got the message. Behave or the old man gets it. Taking a deep shuddering breath Embry phased back to his human form resisting the urge to wince in pain when the creature's claws dug into his arms as it stayed crouched above him and he continued to glare at it while it just stared back. "What do you want?" The monster kept letting out panting breaths as it pulled back just a bit and much to Embry's shock it started to transform, slowly taking on a more human image as the fur disappeared and the claws receded. The wolf's eyes went wide once the transformation was completed and he found himself staring at the face of his best friend for more than ten years. "Jake?" A wide grin spread over Jacob's face as his eyes just kept flashing that amber gold and brushed his now long hair back over his shoulder as he quickly moved so his face was hovering mere inches above Embry's all over again. "I thought I smelled you Embry." Jacob said as he swooped down to the side of Embry's neck and took in a deep breath all along his neck, behind his ear and over his throat. "I could hear your blood calling me all through the forest." "Jacob what-" Embry lifted his hand to push Jacob away only for the other to grab both of them and pin them to the ground above his head, before going back to continue scenting the other letting his nose run all along his jaw and cheeks. "It wasn't fair for Sam to try and keep us apart, so cruel trying to keep me away from my baby brother just cause I'm a little… different now." Embry froze, "Brother?" "Hmmm." Jacob hummed, "They never told you, did they? They never told me either. I only found out after Edward turned me. After that, I could smell it." "Smell what?" "My blood." Jacob paused surprising Embry greatly when the other suddenly pressed a kiss on his throat before moving up to his ear to press another one, "Your blood, our blood." "What-" "They only wanted Sam's father to be your father because he was fucking anything that moved. No one wanted to admit that it was probably Billy, they should have though. Would have been so much easier if everyone knew the truth." Embry's eyes went wide as realization dawned on him and he figured out what Jacob was trying to say. "You mean-" "Yup. We're brothers Embry." Jacob said pulling back to give the other a goofy grin that just as quickly faded as Jacob's eyes darkened and his skin seemed to flush with heat as he licked his lips before he leaned forward all over again, "My sweet , baby brother." Embry's eyes all but fell out of their sockets when Jacob leaned down to lick a long line right up the side of his neck over his cheek with a deep shuddering moan, before moving back to lock their lips in a kiss forcing his tongue into the shifters mouth. The moment that breach happened, Embry seemed to immediately snap out of it and started squirming under the other turning his head away to break the kiss with a gasp while Jacob just laughed as he started kissing down his neck. "Jacob what are you doing?!" "Making up for lost time." Jacob husked with a growl as he used one hand to keep Embry's arms above his head while the other started feeling down all the way across his chest, "Sam shouldn't have tried to keep us apart. All he had to do was let me have you but the greedy bastard wouldn't do it, now the whole reservation has to pay for his mistake. It's a shame, but then again, as long as I have you none of that really matters." Jacob moved back up Embry's chest, taking a deep breath all along his neck until he was staring right into that amber gaze that had darkened with lust and he dipped down to briefly nip at Embry's lips as he growled. "God I wanna sink into you so bad." Embry's eyes widened to comical proportions as he started struggling, "Jacob, no! Let me go-" "Edward said he'd let me keep you, keep you for as long as I want." Jacob said giving a bright smile that seemed so out of place considering the situation as he kept Embry's struggling form still and nipped all along his jaw, "You won't be like the others. You'll be just like me. Edward said he'd let me turn you, cause brothers should turn brothers. I can't wait to mark you and make you mine." "Jacob you can't do this." Embry pleaded looking into the other's eyes, "If you're right about us then it wouldn't be right-" Jacob almost seemed to pause at that looking thoughtful for a moment as he stared down at the younger wolf before he spoke in a dead tone, "Only humans feel shame and guilt. Neither of us is human." Jacob said as he leaned in to nip at Embry's ear, "I don't care what anyone thinks and soon you'll feel so good, you won't care either." "Jacob let go!" Embry screamed as he started struggling fiercely only to have Jacob lean all of his weight on him putting a hand over Embry's mouth and holding on tight as the shifter kept screaming through his hand and the grip he had on Embry's wrists stayed locked like a vice. "Shhh, not so loud. You'll wake up Dad if you do and he isn't supposed to be up for at least three more days." Embry's eyes went wide and his heart started to race. He couldn't mean- "Alice got to him a few hours ago, long before Sam even showed at the border. Apparently feeding on Seth masked her scent, so no one had a clue when she snuck in earlier." Jacob chuckled, pulling back to see the wide eyed horror in the shifters eyes and a look of concern suddenly flooded his features, but it was too sincere, too perfect to be real and Embry knew it was all an act even as Jacob cooed. "Don't worry, once he wakes up, he'll be good as new. He'll be able to walk and run everything will be perfect and so will you." Jacob removed his hand and Embry took panting breaths as his screaming stopped since he knew it would be pointless, he just stared back at Jacob in fear as the older teen's hand came up to caress his face pausing to draw his thumb over his lips. "Edward showed me just how to do it, I'll turn and claim you exactly the way that he did, you'll love it! Although… I was being chased before he bit me and Edward said the thrill of the chase makes things more exciting and more pleasurable for a turn. The adrenalin makes your blood burn warmer, sweeter…" Jacob looked up thoughtfully with his bottom lip jutting out just a bit in a slight pout in an infant like way, until he suddenly grinned that goofy grin as he looked back down at his brother. "O.K, we'll do it