A/N: So this weekend I caught a rerun of van Helsing you know with Hugh Jackman. Kickass movie by the way. I just loved the masquerade ball scene between Anna and Dracula so I just had to do this. Admittedly I stole a couple of lines and descriptions from the movie, so there's a heads up on that. Edward is kinda dark in this, basically the typical Dracula no sparkling no shape shifters no feeding off of animals. Jakey is a normal werewolf not a shifter, so full moon transformation is a big thing. I'm sorry but a lot of this isn't very accurate, I was trying to make it very medevil but the languages and talking don't really fit in with that so, yeah my bad. Just treat it like a total AU. Apologies spelling, grammar, OOCness Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or any of its characters. It was beautiful. Jacob resisted the urge to gasp when Bella did as they entered the large ballroom. The entire room was lit up by the large crystal chandelier hanging over the centre of the large room. Huge open glass windows gave way to the pitch black sky littered with bright shining stars and the near perfectly round moon outside. Flying trapeze artists flew across the high ceiling somehow missing the crystal chandelier. Fire breathers blew bursts of flames up into the air, dancers danced with silk scarves moving like liquid as they spun and twirled. Jugglers, contortionists and acrobats were all scattered around the room while an orchestra played on platform on the other side of the room and a woman sang a high pitched soprano that somehow drifted softly across the entire room. The finishing touch was the people that filled the room, all dressed in large glittering ball gowns and rich expensive robes, all while wearing masks of different textures and varying in shades of gold, black, red and green. It was chaos in all honesty, but something about it was oddly inviting. Like they had stepped into a different world altogether. Jacob took a deep breath and resisted the urge to flinch back as the stench of the undead filled his nose and caused his blood to boil. But he tried to calm himself, tried to remember that he was here with Bella and losing control in front of her would be a very bad idea. Easier said than done since the full moon was just two days away, Jacob's strength and anger was getting harder to control. His eyes had even turned gold and his claws had grown out just the day before after one of Paul's insults had gone too far. Although the werewolf didn't mind beating the crap out of Paul he didn't want to take any of his anger out on his best friend. Bella. "Isn't it beautiful Jacob." The girl holding onto his arm sudden said as she braced a hand on her chest and let out a breathless sigh. Dressed in a red ball gown embroidered with gold silk and jewels, the cleavage was low and the white elbow length gloves had jewel a encrusted bracelet on the right arm. The girls hair was tied up and held in place by a red stoned tiara while a gold mask covered half of her face. Bella was beautiful. She had told Jacob about how long it had taken her to get ready, apparently everything from the hair to the dress had taken more than four hours. But Bella insisted that it was worth it. After all it's not everyday that a lowly village girl was invited to a Cullen ball. Jacob suppressed a growl as he thought about the parasites. The Cullens had moved to the little village of Forks no more than five years ago and somehow managed to get every villager in the town wrapped in their spell since the moment they arrived. The seemingly beautiful count Carlisle Cullen and his beautiful family. Everyone in the village adored them, seemingly oblivious to the fact that the amount of murders and disappearances in Forks have tripled since the moment that this beautiful family moved there. Of course not all the villagers believed the lies. There were those that saw the Cullen for what they were and made sure to stay as far away from them as possible. A tribe that lived on the outskirts of the village, on the farm lands near the woods where the howling of wolfs and growling of beasts could be heard once a month on the night of the full moon. These villagers were hard working, strong and held a dark mysterious kind of beauty. They had been living in Forks for more than four hundred years, passing on their heritage and land on from one generation to the next. This tribe knew things, they knew the true nature of the Cullen family, they knew about creatures that stalked the innocent under the cover of night. They knew that the Cullens were vampires and they knew that they were the reason for all the murders and disappearances in the area, but unfortunately they could never do anything about it. Because you see the Cullens weren't the only ones with secrets. The tribe that lived outside of the village had a secret of their own. One that would reveal itself once a month on the night of the full moon. Jacob sighed as he looked down at Bella who was still staring around the room with wide eyes. He hadn't wanted to go the ball, hell he wasn't even invited. But the thing is Isabella was. The Cullens were famed for their extravagant masquerade balls which were drenched in beauty and prestige and an incredibly exclusive guest list. It was rare for any of the villagers to ever be invited since most of the guests were rumoured to be family members and associates of the Cullen family so no one outside of their association was ever invited. Of course Jacob knew that this was just code for, 'vampires only no blood-bags allowed' . But this time for some unbelievable reason, Isabella got an invitation. Jacob remembers how his heart had dropped right into his stomach and his blood had run cold when the girl came stumbling over to him with a beaming smile on her face and an embroidered letter in her hand which carried the Cullen crest. Why would the Cullens invite her to one of their parties? What were they after? Were they planning on using her for the buffet or was it- Jacob's eyes went wide when it suddenly hit him. It had been rumoured for the passed two years that lord Edward Cullen, one of Carlisle's children, had found his bride. All the girls in the village had whined at the unfairness of it all since they were all hoping to catch the only single Cullen male's eye since he and his family first moved to Forks. But alas he had chosen someone else. The villagers had waited for weeks to see who had managed to catch those green eyes, but it never appeared that he had. The village girls and some of their parents became hopeful that maybe Edward might still be available when rumours picked up again, Edward had fallen in love with a child and was simply waiting for them to come of age before asking for their hand. And since Isabella's sixteenth birthday was two months ago, just one month before his own a few weeks ago, Jacob was fearing the worst. That's why he accepted her shy request for him to be her date. The poor girl didn't know what she was getting herself in for, so despite his alpha's warnings Jacob accepted. The werewolf reached up with his free arm to scratch underneath the lining of his black mask before bringing his arm back to his side. Isabella had insisted on him dressing up as her date, so Jacob was forced to tie back his long black hair and wear robes of velvet Black with silver linings and gold embroidering. They used to be his fathers, but thankfully William didn't wear them much so they were well taken care of. "C'mon." Bella whispered as she stepped forward and Jacob stepped in along with her trying hard to adjust to the reek of vampire that just drenched the entire room. They walked down the centre of the room, passed the walking couples and around the dozens of performers with Isabella stopping every now and then to gasp and stare at the wonderful things these other beings seemed to be capable of. Jacob however, was forced to hold himself back and control his anger as he could feel and see the multiple pairs of eyes that followed them as they went through the room. The vampires had taken notice of a werewolf's arrival. The unholy creatures all stared and whispered as he passed them by, making Jacob even angrier than before and not because they were staring but because none of them seemed to be bothered by the fact that their mortal enemy was standing right there among them. It actually left quite a nasty bruise on Jacob's ego. Shouldn't they be worried? After all one bite from him and they'd be roasting in the pits of hell five seconds later. Why did they all seem so...calm? Hell some of them even seemed to be amused. What's going on? "Hey, you." Both Jacob and Bella turned to find a couple standing right behind them. The wolf growled low in his throat while the vampires standing in front him simply smirked. One was female, with long beautiful blonde hair and deep almost violet blue eyes. The blonde was wearing a cream ball gown which could easily be mistaken for a wedding dress while extravagant jewels hung all around her neck and arms. The other was male, with a large muscled frame, short dark hair and bright blue eyes. Both incredibly pale and both obviously vampires, but of course Isabella the only human in the room didn't know that. So regardless of how much his blood boiled at those insufferable smirks the two were wearing, Jacob couldn't do anything more than just stand there and glare. The blonde removed her mask which she was holding up over her face by a long golden stem while the male pulled his royal blue mask up and let it rest on his head. "Lady Rosalie, lord Emmett." Bella said with an awkward bow that had Jacob rolling his eyes in annoyance, "Its a pleasure to meet you." "I'm sure it is." The blonde, lady Rosalie apparently, said giving Bella no more than a brief glance of disdain before bringing her gaze over to Jacob. "You must be Isabella Swan." "Yes, I am." Bella said with a light blush staining her cheeks underneath her mask, completely oblivious that the two weren't looking at her at all, regardless of the fact that they were speaking with her. Something that had Jacob seething internally to no end. "Edward told us that he had you added to the guest list, but he didn't mention adding an animal to the list as well." Bella's eyes widened for a moment as she looked up at her friend when Jacob glared at the blonde while she just smirked as she spoke, "Do you have a name or should I just refer to as you are, pooch?" The male beside her looked away as he barked a laugh while Jacob continued to seethe but he managed to keep his composure as he spoke, "Jacob Black." "Jacob Black." The male Emmett repeated with a smile, "Son of William Black, I'm guessing you inherited more than just your family's name." "You could say that." Jacob growled out as his eyes flashed gold for just a moment as an angry surge of blood went straight to his head. Two pairs of blue eyes widened at that