A/N: Alrighty, last part If you have not read, Choices and Consequences then I wish you luck in trying to understand this. Apologies, spelling, grammar and OOCness Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of its characters Right up until that point, Jacob never really considered what his worst nightmare might be. He rarely ever thought about the worst case scenario, because the worst case scenario simply wasn't an option as far as he was concerned. Waking up to find that he was a wolf and he couldn't phase back might have been one of them. Another one might have been watching Bella be turned right in front of him while the leeches laughed and his pack brothers were nowhere to be seen. Although that one sort of happened the day that Bella rejected him and decided to get married to the mind reading leech. Another may have been watching helplessly as his tribe was slaughtered and killed by a coven of evil bloodsuckers and being able to do absolutely nothing about it. And lastly maybe, and this was probably the most farfetched one he could think of, ending up with the bloodsucking bane of his existence that was Edward Cullen for some unbelievably baffling reason. Of course Jacob was just joking with that last one, since there was absolutely no way in hell or anywhere else for that matter that he would ever possibly see the telepath as anything more than the mopey, selfish, arrogant bloodsucking parasite that he was. Right? Jacob glanced over towards the vampire sitting right across from him at the table, while Edward stared back at him without blinking. The vampire sat absolutely still and his expression was completely blank even as his eyes filled with so much intensity that the shifter was sure he was going to explode any minute. If not from the vampire's stare than from his own embarrassment and possibly the stares of all the other figures sitting around the table in the dining room right at that moment. His inner wolf whined softly somewhere in his chest; the way it's been doing since Edward, Seth and Jasper found him just a few days ago. Jacob stirred awkwardly in his seat with his hands twisting in front of him on the table's smooth top, as he tried to absorb the information that he'd just been given and failing miserably. It was just so hard trying to focus after everything that happened, everything that was supposed to happen- The shifter's head snapped up when he suddenly felt an ice cold hand cover his own and he looked up to find Edward staring him, this time it wasn't as intense. It was softer in a way, almost caring and Jacob swallowed hard as his cheeks flushed and he did all he could to ignore the loud crooning his wolf did in the center of his chest. "Jacob?" Jacob looked over towards Sam who sat at the end of the table with a look of concern and the shifter had to take a deep breath before he could even think of a reply. But it was still hard, even if there weren't that many people in the room with them. It was just him and Edward… Edward, God when did the bloodsucker turn into Edward? Sam, Carlisle, Esme, Billy, Sue, Alice and Embry. Alice and Embry. Alice and… Embry. Jacob couldn't help but glance over towards the two that sat on the other side of the table. Embry had Alice's left hand in his own with the vampire sitting much too close to his brother for comfort and yet somehow, that was far better than when they'd arrived at the Cullen mansion to find Paul and his vampire practically taking each other apart, in the back yard while Barbie and her boyfriend pretended like they weren't watching the whole thing. Out of everyone so far, Jacob preferred Jasper and Seth. Because out of all the unholy pairings that emerged after he left and Forks Washington apparently went to hell. Jasper and Seth seemed to be the only ones out of everyone that like him, had absolutely no idea what they were doing and were just trying to take one step at a time. But Jasper and Seth weren't there to help Jacob feel a little less awkward than what he was, they were both out of town, driving up to Alaska to try and check up on Bella and see how her transformation was going under the Denali's care. Leah went with them, for no other reason than the fact that she didn't want Seth going anywhere alone with a bloodsucker even if he was technically meant to imprint on said bloodsucker. The only reason she'd let Seth go with Jasper and Edward the first time was because Sam ordered her to stay behind. Paul and Demetri were off doing… Paul and Demetri things somewhere else and Jacob honestly didn't want to know what those things were. "O.K." Jacob started as he took another deep breath before looking up at the people around the table, this time determinedly not looking at Edward because he knew that he'd just end up losing focus if he did and he really needs to figure things out. "Can you just… explain again please?" Jacob asked and Sam gave him a small smile as he spoke. "Alright, where do you want me to start?" "The beginning." Jacob answered almost immediately and Edward seemed to let out a snort at that. Jacob looked up to glare at the other only to pause at the smile that the vampire gave him and it was all he could do to stop his brain from having a complete and total malfunction. Thankfully Sam spoke, quickly bringing the shifter back from his spiraling thoughts. "A few days after you left, the Cullens called a meeting…" ~ FLASH BACK ~ God. How on earth did things get so fucked up? Sam followed behind after the short pixie like girl as she led him out of the house to the front yard, trying to ignore the insistent scent of bleach that radiated from every corner and every being in the house. There are a million places he'd rather be than here, unfortunately as fate would have it right here is where he has to be, at least for the moment, at least until they've managed to sort out this royal fuck up before they're all doomed. Embry imprinted on a lee-… vampire, the very same vampire leading him outside right at that very moment. They made it out the front door. Sam took a deep breath of fresh air but it was still tainted with that smell of bleach and he resisted the urge to sigh in frustration. He'll have to start getting used to the smell. "Sam." The alpha looked up to find Alice staring at him, her hands were in front of her, wringing together nervously as she took a deep breath to speak, the gesture seemed so incredibly human that Sam felt himself falter in his anger towards the girl, despite the fact that all of this is her fault. If she hadn't tried to meddle in things that didn't need to be meddled with or rather if she'd only let fate take its course and did what she should have then they wouldn't be in this situation in the first place. Then again, Sam can admit that if he'd been in her position he probably would have done the same thing. He would've kept quiet because there is absolutely no way that a relationship between a vampire and a shifter could ever work out right. They're enemies after all, they exist only to destroy each other, everything that they've ever been told everything that they'd learned had them believe without a shadow of a doubt that enemies is all they could ever be. So yes, he probably would have done the same thing and kept his mouth shut if he'd been in Alice's position. But then again he'd probably feel as guilty as she does right at that moment. They were right in the middle of putting together a plan of action as to how they would deal with the upcoming danger caused by Alice's act of silence and Sam had decided that they would send someone to go find Jacob and bring him back home since Alice insisted that they would need him for the upcoming fight, when the psychic suddenly asked to speak with him alone. Embry had been less than willing to let the vampire go without him, but Alice said that she'd be fine so he let her be although Sam could tell that he was still incredibly tense. "What is it?" Sam asked and Alice let out another sigh before she spoke. "Paul can't go looking for Jacob, he needs to stay here." Sam shook his head, "Paul is the best tracker we've got, he'll be able to find Jacob the fastest." "You don't understand; he has to stay." "Why?" Sam frowned when it suddenly hit him, "What did you see?" Alice paused to look away, "I can't say." "You can't say?" "It could jeopardize the future if I reveal too much-" "Keeping secrets is exactly what got us into this situation in the first place." Sam growled and Alice almost seemed to flinch back as he continued, "You want me to make him stay then tell me why." Alice bit her lip for a moment, wringing her hands together for another tense moment until she stepped forward and dropped her voice so only Sam could hear, "He can't find out about this. If he does he might do something to alter the future." Sam nodded, "What happens?" "Paul is going to imprint, two days from now on a vampire." "Paul-" "His name is Demetri and yes, he's a vampire." Sam's eyes went wide until he just let out a heavy sigh shutting his eyes tight as he rubbed his temples, "Great, another one. Why is this vampire important?" Alice took a deep breath, "Demetri is a tracker for the Volturi." "The vampires that created your laws." "Yes. He's the one that keeps track of everyone, he's the one that finds people that the Volturi are looking for, he's… one of the jewels in the Volturi guard. Highly valued within the guard because of the fact that as long that he makes contact with someone there is absolutely no one that he can't find within a matter of hours-" "Alright so he's very very good." Sam interrupted with a sigh, "How would Paul imprinting on him help us?" "It helps us because without him the Volturi is practically blind." Alice explained, "Two days from now he will arrive in Forks under Aro's orders to come and check in on us to find out about Bella's progress and make sure we've turned her." "You've already decided to send her to Alaska to be turned-" "That won't be enough for Aro. The Volturi has a longstanding history with werewolves, you might not be actual werewolves but that won't matter to them. If they find out that we've made peace with you, that Embry imprinted on me they'll try to start a war. We need Paul to imprint on Demetri." Alice said looking Sam right in the eye as she spoke, "When Demetri finds out about this, he'll go straight to Aro and two weeks from now Edward and I will be captured, our entire family will be decapitated and burned and the entire pack will be wiped out along with at least half of the reservation." Sam tensed for the briefest of moments swallowing hard before he spoke, "What happens if Paul imprints on him?" "Vampire's feel soul bonds almost instantly. If Paul imprints on Demetri he'll feel it, it'll be enough to stop him from going back to Aro. Vampires are also dangerously protective and possessive over