A/N: Hey, Raven here! Hope you like my newest story, I still can't make any promises about my updates. Enjoy the story of Jesse James! Prologue: Mystery Dad I stared out at the black figure in the street, wondering if I should finally get up the courage to go outside and face him. For some reason, he didn't scare me, he didn't even make me nervous, he was… welcoming almost. I wondered if he was there for me, looking up into my second story window and wondering, "when will she come? When can I help her?" I looked at my clock. It was one a.m. and I wasn't the slightest bit tired, I looked out the window, parting the shade, he was still there, I smiled to myself. Time to meet my guardian angel. I was in a tank-top nightgown that fell to my knees,, so I padded barefoot down the stairs, and slipped silently out the door, I was good at sneaking around like that, always had been. The man was still standing there, he had a box in his hand. Something he'd never had. I walked up to him without a word and looked up into eyes that seemed so familiar to me. They weren't mine, his were like caramel, mine one blue one green; I couldn't see the rest of his face, but I knew he was handsome. He wore a trench cloak, but underneath was a… post office uniform? That certainly confused the moment. "Jesse, it's been so long," he whispered. As soon as I heard the voice I knew who it was, I'd remembered it so vividly. "Dad," I whispered back. He smiled, "I thought you didn't remember." "How could I not." He used to sing for me, he used to bounce me on his knee and tell me stories of his travels, to Greece, Rome, England, Mexico, everywhere. "You've been watching out for me the whole time," I stated, he nodded. "I don't have much time I'm afraid, there are rules about these sort of things, me seeing you. Take this gift my dear, you'll know what to do, and when a young man arrives, he'll be looking for you. Go with him, and if something happens, find him, use your instincts." I nodded, but my brow furrowed in confusion. "I have to go back inside now don't I? You have to go." My father nodded, "yes, my dear, but I promise, I am always looking out for you." I nodded and smiled, then it popped into my head, "can you sing? At least until you go?" My dad smiled, "oh, he always thought it ironic, saying I was stealing his gig, go inside Jesse, I will sing." I smiled and gave him a quick hug. He kissed my forehead and began to sing as I turned and padded slowly back up to the door and inside. Even with the walls between us, I heard him perfectly. The words filled my head, making me smile as I put my head on the pillow. They weren't english, but I understood them perfectly. As the song died out, I called out quietly in words I didn't know I knew, "S 'agapó̱." I love you. I fell asleep soon afterwards, feeling calm at the ethereal happening, my dreams however, were far from it. It'd been three years since I last saw this black figure outside my window, I figured it must have been a dream. My mom and I lived in a small house with my grandparents on the outskirts of the suburbs of Chicago, the backyard was lined with the trees of the woods, meaning I explored all the time.. Our neighborhood wasn't terrible, but I wasn't allowed out front, or to walk around town unless I was within sight, even at fourteen. Mom said there were things worse than perverted men out there, things you could only describe as monsters. She had been saying that since before I can remember, I thought she was crazy, hell I thought I was crazy. Yet, here I stood, taking the trash to the trash can as mom watched from her position washing dishes at the kitchen counter. Mom had asked that I bring in Copper, our Great Dane. He was all black and we'd had him since he was a puppy that fit in my lap. Despite his being a one-hundred-forty pound dog now, he still thought he could fit in my lap. It was a welcome distraction when it came to homework, especially math. History though was kind of annoying. I loved to learn about foreign places and dream of visiting them someday, just like my mom once did. My one wall in my bedroom was a huge map of the world with big red dots on every place I'd read about, or heard about, or my mom had been, that I wanted to go. Most of the map was red. Even the United States mid-west was full of dots. Manhattan however, was not, not at all, nothing on, or near Long Island was pinned, except for one single address. The return address of the box. I still had it, the only proof that it hadn't been a dream. I'd never opened it, too afraid of what it might contain, but as of recently, I'd been very, very tempted. Mom was going away on a huge business trip that could result in us moving to New York City, and her becoming a big shot in the New York Times as a travel writer. We went somewhere every summer, Mom, Grandma and I. It was the best. We'd do whole trips across the country, even Copper loved it, the idea of making half of the nation his territory, I loved that puppy. Speaking of Copper, I was doing my history homework and there was no sign of the dog. "Copper!" I called, remembering the day I'd found him underneath a bridge in the park. I'd gone to a party and after a while, gave up on being social and went to explore. In a stream under the bridge, I'd found a little burlap sack with a little black puppy in it. He was just like me, one blue eye, one green. I'd named him Copper, because that was how I referred to the police whenever I saw them whizzing by. I would laugh and joke with the dog, "look, the Coppers are coming for me!" Copper would bark and wag his tail, I'd grin and scratch behind his ears earning weird looks from pedestrians. I was allowed to walk around as long as Copper was with me. It was the only way Mom felt safe, especially after seeing how protective he was of me. One time, when I was twelve, I'd fallen out of the tree in our yard and screamed when my wrist broke. Copper burst out the door past my mother and ran over to me, licking my face and sitting watching out for any danger. Mom was okay with me walking around our little town with him after that. As soon as I'd went to the backyard, I'd located Copper. He was sniffing around the fence that Mom had put in when we'd gotten him. Copper liked to run away. I grabbed his leash, "you want to go exploring don't you?" I asked. Copper barked and kept his gaze at the woods. He seemed eager, and extremely excited to go. I smirked and grabbed his leash. "Mom! I'm taking Copper for a walk in the woods, be back in an hour!" I yelled. I heard a muffled "Have fun!" come from her office. I clipped the rust colored leash to Copper's collar and slipped my hand through the loop to get a good hold on him. As soon as I opened the gate, Copper took off running. I had to run just to keep my arm from being pulled out of socket. "Copper! Slow down boy! Copper!" I yelled. We'd been running straight into the woods for over ten minutes, I had the stamina to do it from running cross-country, but I needed to slow down at least. We stopped when we came to the stream, it was more of a small river. Five feet wide, and four feet deep. Copper sniffed the bank, then saw the tree that lay across the river. He bound over to it, and hopped up. I swore. "Copper, not a good…" The leash slipped from my wrist. I yelled Copper's name and he took off. I ran after him, crossing the log without even thinking, Despite the fact that it had just rained something awful and the river was two feet deeper and one foot wider, I managed to get across without freaking out. Copper had taken off down the bank, so I ran after him, splashing through sometimes to avoid the brush. I found Copper at the end a bend in the stream at a particularly sandy bank. Copper was licking the face of a boy. Oh my god… he was around my age, dark black hair, black clothing, and a sword at his side. "Copper! Careful, I think he's hurt!" I knelt next to the boy and put a hand on his shoulder, he was so cold, but breathing, his heartbeat steady, "we have to get him home, okay, Copper?" I asked. Copper seemed to understand and licked my cheek one more time before looking over at the opposite bank. He began to growl. "Copper, what's wrong?" I whispered, looking over there. I didn't see anything, then it appeared, a large… lion. It was beautiful, but enormous. Copper growled. The lion looked up at us and began to walk into the river. I looked at the boy and grabbed his sword. It was black, like obsidian, and gave off this cold feeling. I held it in two hands and kept the sword between the lion and I. The lion growled and charged. I held the sword up and slashed at it. The lion was hit away, but not a scratch. It's skin was invulnerable. I gulped, I'd have to hit it somewhere soft, the eyes, or the jaw. It roared and came flying at me, jaw open, I slammed the sword upwards into its jaw. Teeth punctured my arm, I yelped and Copper tackled the lion, but it was disintegrating; turning to dust. The lion swatted Copper away and Copper yelped, blood sprouting on his nose and upper left fore-leg. I glared at the lion and twisted the sword. It roared in pain before turning completely to dust. Only its pelt remained, and this soon morphed into a brown leather jacket. With nothing better to do with it, I put it on and put the guy's sword in its sheath, only at my belt instead of his. From here, I looked at Copper who was standing tall, still alert. I pet him, rubbing behind his ears. "Good job, boy, let's go home now, okay?" Copper barked and I grabbed the boy by the shoulders, putting his arms over my shoulders and semi-piggy-backing him in a way that wasn't comfortable for either of us back to the house, following Copper who seemed to know where he was going, I'd un-clipped his leash. By the time we'd made it back to the fence, an hour had passed, mom was waiting on the porch. She went wide-eyed when she saw me. "He's hurt, mom, we've got to get him inside." My mother nodded and helped me get him to my bedroom, laying him on my bed. "He was hit on the head, more than likely has a concussion." My mother said as she studied the gash at his forehead. I nodded, "I can treat it, if you're busy." My mother nodded, "please, I'll be right back with some better supplies," she said. I nodded and got the boy's jacket off him, hanging it over my desk chair where my new