A/N: So, here's a really depressing story, that touches on some major psyche problems. the main focus is on my OC, Strike Tyler. I hope you like it, warning this is mild mind games, so if this gets too confusing, stop reading, the mind games in the story get more and more complicated. Now, they're fully explained there's reasons that it goes to third POV but its mostly in Strike's POV so you can understand what she's seeing/ hearing versus what is actually going on. Everything in BOLD and ITALICS (both criteria) is memories taking over and becoming hallucinations. Underlines put emphasis on things. Bold indicates information and/or change. Please enjoy, read and review! Ravyn Strike Tyler is Percy's half sister, she was there through everything, and she went missing about three days after the Giant War 2, nobody could find her, not even Nico, her best friend. Strike wasn't the child of the prophecy, but she was there through it all, going on the quests with Percy and Anabeth (even to save her) and taunted Percy consistently about his crush, long before he and Anabeth kissed at Mt. St. Helens. The Titan war, the Giant War, she'd survived alongside Nico, and Percy, and Anabeth… Until… Strike's POV "You'll never be able to warn them in time, and I intend to have the power I deserve!" Octavian kicked my hand and I screamed as I fell and before I knew it, Octavian was screaming, and falling too…. TWO MONTHS LATER I climbed out of the pit, my arms exhausted, but if I let go now, it would have all been for nothing. I was exhausted, my entire body was marred by blood, bruises, and new scars… scars that would haunt me for a life time. Camp was quiet, in the woods, I stared down at the opening that had been created and reached for the kitten on my shoulder. As long as he was alright, I knew I could make it. I scratched the little animal's head and he mewed before laying back down sleepily on my good shoulder. For the first time in nearly three months, I sheathed my sword and drank in the moonlight. It was beautiful. Octavian kicked my hand, forcing me down into the pit, only the ground crumbled beneath him, and he fell too. His form silhouetted against the beautiful moonlight... Octavian had been trouble, and perfect, and kind, and an asshole, and sweet, and… is dead ... "So, Hex, ready for something along the lines of more torture?" The kitten purred, already asleep, and I smirked, though it was more of a grimace, before sitting down against a tree and sleeping. Maybe three hours had passed when I woke, the frightening nightmares… I'd become insomniac. "Let's just… go home." I muttered to myself before trudging up the gentle slope of the forest floor and out of the woods. Camp was already bustling at sunrise, and what I saw on the far corner of the area was terrifying, a sleepless Percy stood, halfway between consciousness and sleep, waving off his girlfriend, Anabeth, who was trying to get him to eat. I'd really worried him that much? Not knowing what else to do I walked around the edges of camp, skirting the rectangle of cabins, it was October at least, the trees had turned, and leaves crunched beneath my slow moving feet. Nobody noticed me which was great, until I tried to get to my cabin... My hair was sloppy, all over the place, tangled, and in my face, I was bleeding from multiple places, and was extremely slow, Hex, sensing something, stood up on my shoulder, then hopped down, following behind me as if a dutiful pet. People began to surround me and it made me start to hyperventilate. " They just keep coming!" Octavian yelled wielding his daggers. He'd become skilled since getting down here… "Where have you been?" Percy, my brother was standing right in front of me, he snapped me out of it and my breathing returned to a normal pace... I didn't respond, so Percy extended his arms and I took a hesitant step closer to him. Percy frowned, but lowered his arms. Soon, I was only millimeters away and fell against him. "I've missed you so much," Percy whispered, kissing my hair and holding me close. Everyone else cheered at my return and Anabeth ran up. Then Nico appeared. Percy let me go and I stumbled slightly only for the Ghost King himself to catch my arms. I flinched. " Hey! Careful! We have to be careful!" I'd caught Octavian by the arms and clamped a hand over his mouth. He pinched me… "You were gone so long," he finished… Nico had been saying something... I wouldn't meet anyone's eyes, Nico went to brush the hair out of my face, but I stopped him, grabbing his wrist. I opened my mouth to speak and only managed a small blink... "Tidal Wave?" Nico whispered. I shied away and looked around… camp… home... I sat down and held myself. " We've got to think this through…" Octavian muttered, holding my arms. I looked up at him, "it's going to take bravery." " I can be brave," Octavian joked. " It's going to require strategy." " You know how to do that better than most." The joke made me smile sadly and we charged... I hadn't quite figured out when, but Nico soon picked me up and took me to the infirmary. Nico, Percy, and Anabeth hardly left my side. The latter two of the three had gone to get me clothing. "My dear, you must let me care for the wound on your face." Chiron said as I backed away from his hand as he tried to brush my hair from my face. "No…" I muttered, glancing at the Ghost King. Chiron suddenly nodded and whispered something to Nico. Nico just nodded sadly and turned around. "Now, may I?" I nodded reluctantly and let Chiron pulled my hair back into a ponytail. He took one look at the wound across my face and his gentle smile became grim. "It's not… irreparable." THe old centaur told me. I reluctantly nodded and closed my eyes as he cleaned and stitched the wounds. It hurt for a while, but eventually I got used to the pain, it became normality. " It's something I'm used to by now, you?" Octavian asked. " Yeah, I know, it's crazy…" I replied. Octavian shot me a grin, and handed me the scrap of food we'd gotten at the altar. " To insanity, the gods, and getting out alive," he toasted, I held my bread in the air and took a bite. "Alright, we're good." Chiron said as he tugged the pony-tie out. My hair fell back down over the white gauze that now covered half of my face. "You can turn around now," Chiron told Nico. He obliged and Percy then walked in with a bag of clothing and a hair brush. "You want us to go?" Nico asked. "Just turned around," I whispered to them. Both boys spun and I changed into clean clothing, the t-shirt, I noticed was Nico's, the one I'd kept after he'd let me borrow it on our quest. "I'm decent." I said once I'd pulled my shorts to my waist, I then sat back down and stared at the sneakers, socks, and hair brush. "Want some help?" I nodded solemnly as Nico picked up the hair brush and sat behind me, brushing the knots out of my dark ebony curls as gently as he could. Percy slid the black socks over my feet then helped me tug on my old converse shoes that were still coated in the Sharpie drawings as usual. " The drawings?" " Doodles," I told the argur, then I remembered the sharpie. I pulled the black sharpie from my shoe and handed it to him as I held my unfinished braid. " Have at it." And he drew... "Feel better?" I nodded to myself, still to traumatized and exhausted to really do anything. Tartarus… no wonder the gods never went. "Hey, maybe you should sleep? You look exhausted." Percy told me looking me in the eye with the same over concerned brotherly look he gave me whenever he was worried. "No… I'm fine." I replied before itching at the gauze wrapped around my wrist. The ambrosia would only do so much, meaning I couldn't remove any of the annoying bandaging until the later in the day. "Yeah, and I'm not prince of the sea." My brother mocked. I shot him a look, and he shut up. "I'm fine." I repeated before standing up and walking away. Hex was at my ankles, she mewed angrily at me and turned her head back at the others. "Do what you want, don't let me stop you," I said to the kitten, she mewed again and butted me with her head in Nico's direction. "No." I said, continued to walk away. In actuality I was extremely tired, but too terrified to go to sleep. Nico however was right on my heels. He was silent, which I appreciated, but at the same time, I wanted him to say something. Nico eventually stopped, I stopped with him. "You're quiet, what happened." I looked at my shoes, " What'd you draw?" I asked as I tied my complete braid. "A teddy bear… to remind you of the crazy, stuffed-animal murderer, you made an alliance with." something I'd been reminded of all day. "Alright, you've forced my hand, beach, now." Nico said, gently slipping his hand arm around mine. We went to the beach where there was a set of cliffs that was our favorite spot. "Have you ever wondered what happens to monsters after we kill them?" I suddenly asked, knowing full well he knew what happened. Nico stared at me. "Why… I mean, I know but…." Nico stopped and stared at me, "oh my gods…" "It's not nice looking at all, and to be frank, not that fun to smell. Imagine the most revolting thing ever, now put it into a blister that smells seven times as bad, with a skeleton, fangs, and talons, now take that, multiply it by ten and you've got the gross factor down by about three percent." I said while staring out at the ocean. " That's revolting." Octavian muttered gagging as I resisted the urge to vomit. The huge "Monster Zit Bubble" looked disgusting. It had a nearly formed dragon in it. Octavian raised his shield arm and I poked at it with my sword, destroying the monster. Nico stared at me, "you… how… you…" "Don't tell Percy." I said, rubbing my uncovered and very sleep deprived eye. "Don't tell… are you kiddi… you're not kidding." "It's bad, I almost felt bad, until they tried to kill me. It's just so…." I trailed off. " Die!" I ducked, dodged, rolled, swung, stabbed, this monster just wouldn't die, he kept screaming at me to die instead. " Stupid demi-god, this is not where you belong." Then my face erupted in pain. Three huge slashes that I knew would leave a nasty scar. I cut off the things hand and stabbed forward. It screamed and embedded a poisoned tooth into my leg. I pulled it out and vomited, the bile burned my throat, nasal cavity, and the parts of my wounds it touched. I wanted to give up, but I knew I couldn't. I had to keep my promise to Octavian. "Strike, Strike! Hey, it's not real, snap out of it!" I saw Nico staring at me. He looked terrified. I shook my head and pet the kitten that sat next to me. "You can't tell him, he'll freak, and then I'll freak, and I don't think I can handle that." "Okay, I won't tell him, but he's going to notice this change in you." I nodded and continued to pet