A/N: Welcome one and all, to Hunger Games: The Three Cornucopias. First off, this is a RE-WRITE of 'The Hunger Games Destinies Entwined' that I wrote three years ago. I will be adding some scenes, altering others, doing a massive spelling and grammar check and generally making it more detailed and intricate. It will still remain the same in terms of plot points, deaths, and progress. But if you have read Destinies Entwined, I strongly encourage you to read The Three Cornucopias as it is going to be better. Three years is a long time to hone my craft. Amber Waverly District 1 I slowly walk down one of the branches of the main road of District 1, which bustles with men and women working on making objects; models, music boxes, clothes encrusted with jewellery as well as selling these things to the citizens of the District. It's actually great being in District 1, seeing as how it's the richest district and all. Big spacious marble buildings for each house, gardens the size of parks, glossy oak doors, each of them like manors. The shops were often the same with marble walls and smooth glass. It must be expensive, but then again, the Capitol treats us handsomely for supplying them with all their trinkets such as jewels, necklaces and rings. We get along, although there IS a slight sense of boredom. For me at least. Nothing exciting happens here, not really. How do I spend my time? I train. I train for one thing and one thing only: to get into the Hunger Games. The Hunger Games are contests set up by the Gamemakers of the Capitol, where every district, from 1 to 12, send their supplies to. It's punishment for a rebellion against the Capitol 100 years ago, and every year twenty-four children, ranging from ages twelve to eighteen - one male, one female - have to participate in these Games. Only one can win. The others, to be frank, die. That's right. It's a fight to the death. So why would I, a sixteen year-old healthy girl with a loving brother to boot want to participate and most likely be killed? Simple. Revenge. The boy I loved was killed, no, murdered exactly a year ago. I quickly shake my head. I don't want to think about that, not now. I need to prepare myself mentally for what I'm about to do in three hours. "Hey! Hey, Amber!" I turn to the voice directed at me and see one of those silly girls from school bustling towards me, dressed in a repulsive pink dress and a face layered with perhaps the worst make-up I'd ever seen applied, dragging a somewhat reluctant boy by the hand. "Yes?" I ask, forcing a small smile. The girl reaches me and smiles widely, showing bright white teeth. "Hey, what do you say about coming with me to get some clothes? Us girls need our clothes, you know?" "Sorry, but I got quite enough clothes as it is." Pathetic. Absolutely pathetic. I hate these 'girly-girls' who concentrate on only looks and not their battle prowess. The once proud District 1 reduced to this. It used to be filled to the brim with teens wanting to win the Games; used to be filled with teens not afraid to kill. But now money got to the children, and they were pampered and treated to their hearts extent. Pathetic. "Oh…" The girl's face fell as if it were the end of the world. "I guess I'll see you around then…" With an awkward look, the girl walks away, the boy shrugging at me as he was pulled with her. Obviously they were boyfriend and girlfriend, but I'm sure in a month or so, the boy will find someone prettier, and then the girl will break down, have a bit of a cry and moan, and then find someone else to result in the exact same thing. The tragic circle of the fake and spoilt… It's just too bad, to be honest. I reach the end of the street and turn down another, reaching a wide, flat building at the end. It was a training center which once thrived in teenagers training for the Games, but now was practically abandoned other that a select few who have my silent respect. I ignore them all as I pass by and enter the locker room, glancing at the mirror in my locker. Subconsciously I brush a strand of my dark brown hair from my eyes and blink. I'll be honest, the only things I completely care about are my amber eyes, which are nearly hazel. I sometimes just sit and stare into my eyes to think. They were the features that Jake loved so much about me… Once again, I shake my head. This is not the train of thought I need to be in! I quickly pull my head from my memories and tug my cardigan and t-shirt off to reveal my well-toned stomach and small breasts. I don't care about the size of my breasts like the majority of female teenagers at school - in fact, it's a blessing in disguise. I can move around much easier with them smaller than average. I pull on a simple white vest and pull back my hair, pulling on a pair of black trousers. Despite being a girl, I don't worry about changing so freely in a unisex locker room. The few people who are here concentrate solely on training - any other interest is handled outside the building. The bulk of the center is basically a large square room with all sorts of different equipment set up in a circle. There are weights, gymnastic equipment, ropes hung from the ceiling, and a special fighting area where people can practice with real weapons - albeit blunt - on straw dummies. This is where I head as I do every day, grabbing a dagger from its slot in the rack that only gets used by me and only me. Two hours of hard work is wonderful. Sweat drenches my face and arms, but I'm not worried about the smell. I actually like the smell of sweat in that it proves that I've worked extremely hard. I'm confident. I'm pretty sure that I'll be able to win this thing. I take to the shower stalls and quickly strip off, turning on the warm water. I stare down at my glistening body, past my chest and down onto my belly which moves slowly and then down past my thighs to my feet. Isn't it funny that no matter how hard the majority of the girls try that a person who doesn't even try looks much better than them? I don't train to look good - I train to be good. I step into the water and sigh as the warm water sends small streams down through my hair and on my skin. I just stand there, my eyes closed, the memory of a man's laugh invading my thoughts. That sweet, deep laugh… I know I'll find your killer Jake. I know it. Once I win this, I'll have enough resources to track your killer down. I will go to the ends of the earth; I will tear down the Capitol itself to find the man who murdered you. "Amber? Amber, are you here?" Oh. Great. Just great. My brother's here. I mean, I love him dearly and all that, but sometimes he seems a bit too… obsessive about me. Not in any kind of sexual way but more like he wants to keep me safe from the so-called dangers of the world. Yeah… right. It's funny - or rather worrying - though. Once I volunteer, I have this horrible feeling Jasper is going to do something stupid, like volunteer himself to watch over me in the Games. No. No, he definitely wouldn't do something that stupid… would he? Jasper Waverly District 1 Hey, so it may be stupid, but I know what I have to do. If my sister volunteers, which I know she will, then I'm volunteering for sure. I just can't sit here and watch as Amber goes and kills herself like that, I need to be there to protect here. I need to watch over her! She's only sixteen for Christ's sake! While I wait in the locker room for Amber to finish her shower, I check myself in the mirror of her open locker and brush my hands through my already scruffy brown hair. I have the same eyes as my sister, but I would not be caught dead staring into them. That is only one of the many weird habits my sister has. I take a look around the locker room, noting that it had much better equipment than the school locker room, where everything smells like somebody died and the walls are covered in graffiti. The only place in school where it doesn't get cleaned off. I like it here - although I don't like where 'here' is. The training center. I don't agree with my sister about training for the Games, but my sister is driven by revenge. She wouldn't even consider not doing anything if she thought there was a tiny ounce of evidence it would help her find the killer. Even if she does win, she would have no idea where to start: Jake's body was devoid of any kind of evidence. I worry that her revenge will do much more harm than good. At this thought, Amber comes out of the section where the showers are, clad in a white towel, never bashful as always. "What is it?" she asks brusquely, using another towel to dry her hair. She never liked me visiting her here. I don't know if she's embarrassed or what. I've got to admit, I've seen what she can do and she is good at doing it. "Don't you know what time it is?" I ask, tapping the black band around my wrist like a watch, a gift from Amber herself. "It's only an hour until the reaping. We need to get dressed up for the occasion." Some would say things like: "Come back to mom and dad, they got a present for you" or "Mom and Dad are waiting for you back home, come on!" Not us though. Why? It's simple, really. Our parents… well… Derek and Martha are 'moving on to bigger and better things' as they put it. I hear a cough and my sister is giving me one of her looks. She doesn't even answer my previous question. "Are you getting out? Or do you want to watch me?" she asks, raising her eyebrow. Just great. I quickly turn away, inspecting a crack in the wall and hoping that the blood rising to my cheeks won't show. I think as I stare at the chipped stone. Is it really okay for me to go into the Hunger Games for my sister? The answer comes easily to my brain. Yes. She's my little sister; it is my duty to protect her. No matter the cost. Back at home Amber and I sit on the sofa, prepared for the reaping. She is dressed back in her usual clothes instead of dressing fancy, in that she's wearing a black cardigan over her red top, navy jeans, and knee-length black boots. As we wait, I notice Amber itch a scar on her forearm unconsciously, a memento of a fall a while back, her chipped black nails scraping away on the skin. "Stop it," I say. "You know you shouldn't scratch that. It's discomforting anyway." "Sure…" she says, her eyes shut loosely. She doesn't stop scratching. I scoot over slightly. "What's wrong sis? I thought you were set on doing this?" My sister opens her eyes quickly and looks into my own. Not only our color but our shape is exactly the same. It's like I was looking into my own eyes.