Author's note: So, I've been having a rough bit of writer's block with "Learning to Cope," so I tried to give Ed's album a listen... And now here we are. A tragic Dramione one-shot to "Happier." I would recommend listening to it as you read, if you like that sort of thing. Enjoy! Happier Walking down 29th and Park I saw you in another's arms Draco would've recognized that laugh anywhere. It was a tinkling musical sound, like glass wind chimes set afloat in a comfortable summer breeze. His eyes, an angry grey to rival that of the storm clouds above, darted to her pretty face. Her chocolate curls danced in the chilly night air, bouncing with every step she took. Her own warm toffee eyes were smiling as they focused on the baby blues of the gangly redhead whose hand was resting on the small of her back, far too close to her bum for Draco's comfort. A satiny silver dress glinted like starlight and flowed down her petite figure, hem reaching just above her knees and fluttering gently, giving the impression that she was floating in midair. She was, in a word, stunning, and yet it was another man who held her on his arm that night. Draco's chest tightened painfully as seething jealousy sunk its ugly claws into his heart and held on for dear life. Only a month we've been apart You look happier Her pretty pink lips were curved in an alluring smile, her pearly white teeth shining in the moonlight. Though he was nearly twenty feet away, shrouded in the darkness provided by a broken streetlamp, Draco could swear he could see the subtle freckles that kissed her skin across the bridge of her nose and beneath her eyes. He had spent night after night trying to memorize the subtle constellations hidden in them, mesmerized by the way they lay scattered upon her face and somehow made her even more fetching. The memory of their time together, the seventeen months and twelve days they'd spent touring Europe and challenging each other and rumpling bedsheets and growing together, caused an uncomfortable twisting pain in his cold, unwelcoming heart. She seemed to have forgotten him already. Thirty days, and he was barely a shadow in her mind, since she now gazed at the ginger with the kind of adoration that Draco had always craved from her. Saw you walk inside a bar He said something to make you laugh There it was again: the laugh that was likely the sound angels heard just before getting their wings. He watched from his safe distance as her dainty hand slipped over Ron Weasley's spindly arm, trying hard not to scoff at his own miserable state. He was skulking outside of the Three Broomsticks like a fool, not to mention completely neglecting the attractive young woman who was currently glaring daggers at him. Of course, he had no interest in Astoria Greengrass, but bringing her tonight was necessary—he could not be spotted lurking around alone as his ex-girlfriend traipsed around on the arm of Harry Potter's right-hand man. Their relationship had been blissfully low key, but their breakup had been explosively high-profile, and he was still volatile and brokenhearted. One month was not enough time for him to erase her from his mind, his heart, his life. She was still engrained in him, even as she clung to the arm of another man. Gruffly, Draco extended his own arm to the petite brunette at his side, wishing more than anything that he was holding a different brown-haired girl tonight. I saw that both your smiles were twice as wide as ours Yeah, you look happier, you do Wordlessly, Draco guided Astoria to the Three Broomsticks, holding the door open for her as his high-society upbringing had trained him. But when his eyes darted over to the center table in the pub, where Hermione sat beaming at the Weasel, all nuance of propriety abandoned him; she was all he could see, her soothing voice the only one that rang out above the din of the busy tavern. He led the Slytherin girl to a booth in the back of the crowded room without a single glance her way, not even bothering to feign interest. The vaguest detail, like what Astoria was wearing tonight, was utterly lost on him. Astoria was clearly disgusted by his behavior, but chose not to confront him about it, instead tilting her head to ogle a few single wizards in the pub unapologetically. She politely ordered an entire bottle of Giggle Water for herself, while Draco (against his better judgment) quickly requested a bottle of Ogden's Old Firewhisky. The drinks appeared at the table in an instant, and his date for the evening wasted no time before promptly popping the cork and unceremoniously taking a swig straight from the bottle. Draco hesitated with his own drink, gaze alternating between the beautiful woman shining in the center of the room and the shape of Astoria's back as she retreated from the table to flutter her eyelashes at a dark-haired wizard at the bar. Ain't nobody hurt you like I hurt you But ain't nobody love you like I do Finally left to his own devices, Draco allowed his mind to wander to the time he'd shared with Hermione Granger. He couldn't help the faint shadow of a smile that ghosted at his lips. She had made him insane, devoted to her entirely, though he would never admit just how deeply his desire for her truly flowed. After the War, she had put together a task force of witches and wizards to repair Hogwarts Castle. Despite the immense backlash she had faced in her decision, she held fast in allowing Draco to aid in the reconstruction of the school. It had been hesitant at first, and he never truly understood why she had given him that chance, but that had become his way in. He had used that tiny window she had given him, the fleeting moments they shared clearing rubble from the hallway or righting fallen trees in the Forbidden Forest, to grow closer to her. She was beautiful, intelligent, charming, confident, strong, and talented: since he'd abandoned his father's ridiculous blood superiority pedagogy, he had realized that she was the perfect woman. It had taken quite a bit of time, but he had slowly chipped away at her hesitance and reluctance, and she finally gave in to his request to take her out for dinner one cold spring night. Even now, as she sparkled just beyond his reach, he swore it that it had been the best night of his life. Promise that I will not take it personal, baby If you're moving on with someone new As much as it pained him to watch her, his heart swelled with joy when he heard her laugh once again. She was the only person in the world who had a truly infectious giggle. The way her enchanting eyes crinkled at the corner, the way her full lips curled over perfectly straight teeth, the way she subconsciously tossed rich brown curls over her shoulder sporadically. He had gotten the chance to learn her, to understand the nuances of her personality. He knew just what to say to prompt her to spar with him; he knew exactly how far to push her before her interest became annoyance; he could tell when to wrap her small frame in his arms or when to allow her to stretch and move on her own; he instinctively knew precisely how to slant his lips over hers and when to pull away to leave her craving him. Her body was almost as familiar to him as his own, and every dip and curve in her skin had been properly documented by the slow graze of his fingers and the delicate trace of his lips. Her scent, always lavender and vanilla, had a profound effect on him. Her feisty personality was matched only by his sharp wit, and their conversations were stimulating and entertaining all at once. Without even knowing it, the two of them had balanced each other perfectly. 'Cause baby you look happier, you do My friends told me one day I'll feel it too It had taken quite a lot for him to come out tonight. It was his first night out in thirty days, and he would not have done it if it hadn't been for Theodore Nott's incessant whining. Draco's mousy friend had prodded and poked until the blond was irritated enough to agree to anything. Delighted, Theo had sent a quick owl to Astoria, insisting that the two of them meet in front of the elaborate fountain in the middle of Hogsmeade Village. Draco had immediately regretted his acquiescence; he had no desire to court other women, or to even look at other women. It may have been foolish, but he still held out hope that he could reconcile with Hermione. She was, after all, the only witch who had ever made him remotely happy. She was complex, and difficult, and stubborn, but all of those qualities only served to endear her to him even more. But once Theo got an idea, he clung to it like a vulture, so there had been no escaping this arrangement. The only good that had come out of it was seeing Hermione, getting to watch her face light up as she truly enjoyed herself, but even then his heart stung and his jaw clenched tight. She was capable of smiling without him, had the ability to live and function without having him at her side. Oh, what he wouldn't give to touch her just once more! And until then I'll smile to hide the truth But I know I was happier with you She was still imprinted on his soul. He had been miserable since the night she left, one evening much like this one. They had been content, or so he thought. He had planned for a cozy night in, when he could sweep her up on the couch and seat her delicately in his lap, holding her copy of Romeo and Juliet , which Draco had been enjoying more than he cared to admit. They had spent countless nights that way, limbs entangled and simultaneously reading a book of her choice, pausing only for chaste kisses on the cheek, forehead, jaw, neck, lips. Just thinking of their little habits, their comfortable life together, made Draco's eyes sting and his chest constrict painfully. He could almost feel her pillowy lips on his own if he closed his eyes... But when he opened them once again, he was still alone in a shadowy booth of a grimy pub. He finally took hold of the bottle of firewhisky perched on the table, twisting the cap off hastily and took a rather undignified swill of the drink. The cinnamon burned his throat as it went down, and he welcomed the discomfort with ease, as it seemed to be the only way to distract himself from the dull ache of her absence. Sat in the corner of the room Everything's reminding me of you Truly, he was never going to be rid of her. She was too much a part of him. Everything he did, everything he saw, everything he heard—it all rang with some memory with her. This pub was where he had finally gotten her to admit that she still felt bad for hitting him outside of Hagrid's hut during their third year. The street he had taken to reach the bar was the one they had walked through together after she had kissed him for the first time, red-faced and laughing timidly as he smirked at her and twined his fingers with hers. The fountain where Astoria had met him at the start of the night was where he had stopped her when she confessed to doubting his confidence in their relationship,