98th Annual Hunger Games, The Story of Poe Thembling "Poe! Poe you need to come back, it is getting late and this is ridiculous, you cannot expect me to sit at home all day with mom" I turn around and give my sister a sly smile, I have been alone all day in the woods and it's nice to see her burgundy hair in the moonlight. "I cannot seem to find any ginger, and it is such a necessary ingredient for the stew I want to make tomorrow, couldn't we just look a bit longer?" She glares, "Poe, there are more important things than stew, you wasted the entire day looking for an ingredient that probably doesn't even grow here, come back now, mom is better when your around, and I can't handle anymore of her." "But Dal, it has to grow here because trillium grows here, and ginger always accompanies trillium. Funny isn't it, sort of like us." "No, it actually isn't funny, because you have been gone all day." She stops looking around, and then begins yelling, "If you do not come back with me now, I am locking you out and you can sleep in the damn forest!" She storms off. But I follow. Running behind her I realize I may have pushed her too far, "I'm really sorry, I just thought it would be nice to have a good dinner tomorrow, it is such a bad day for all of us and I thought it would help to have a stew, a really nice stew." "Yeah, it would be nice, it would be real damn nice, but notice how even though you have been searching all day you still don't have ingredients for it", I can hear her voice quieting into a murmur, "what a waste." I stop. This is a terrible time of year, even with the relief when the reaping ends and us all returning to our homes safely, my family still mourns. It was two years ago when my older brother was chosen to go into the games, he had made it to the final eight. He was kind, not suiting for the games. I remember the horror that entered my body being forced to watch that scene in the town square on the enormous screens plastered to the walls, everyone around to watch my family react to it. Alexander, at only seventeen years old, sat at a river reaching in for water and next thing we see is him falling into the water an axe positioned into his skull. I remember watching as his blood filled the pond, it swirled around creating exquisite shapes, first swirls, but then more complex things like swans, patches of flowers, and as the blood ran out more images ran into the water, as if his mind was being emptied. His mind left, and became a part of the water. The absorption of this was broken up soon after by the cackling of a boy from district one, he stood over the body, laughing for my brother's despair, and the other tributes. He had preserved large amounts of water in jugs hidden around the arena. However the pond was the only other drinkable source of water and was now poisoned by my brother's blood. He had not only killed one tribute, but brought a slow death upon all others who hadn't had enough water to survive the rest of the game. That boy went on and won the games, all that was my brother forgotten by most. With the exception of my family that is. As I began to run again I looked down and to my surprise there it was, ginger flower sitting happily next to me as if to console me, "Dal! Dalloris! Look what I have stumbled upon, it is ginger, it has the furry stem and all! Today wasn't a waste!" Furious now, she turns around, "Well then pick it Poe!" She turns back around and disappears into the woods, I lean down and delicately pull it from to ground, as to be sure not to lose the root. I finish and run off home. Upon my arrival at the front door I see my father standing next to my mother combing through her hair, assuring her of safety. I decide slipping in through the window in the back would be better as I know he is angry. I run around the house and squeeze through the tiny box shaped window and shuffle around the corner to my bedroom. 'Bedroom' is sort of as silly word for what this room is. It is more of a closet, big enough for a bed, and a lamp. The walls are just planks of wood we nailed up for privacy, but it hardly does its job. Light filters in from every direction and any sounds made in one room are heard in every room of our house. I crawl into bed and doze off. Though sleeping proves to be an enormous feat, I must be more nervous than I expected to be because it takes several hours for dreams to come. Waking up goes as usual, and in the breath of morning I almost forget what today is. Today is a day of tremendous stress, great terror, and in some cases celebration, or rather relief. Today is reaping day, innocent children chosen by random to die. A day I will see someone I know, interacted with swallowed by terror, watch a family go fall apart. I clear my head and sit up. In the past two years the games have taken an overwhelmingly prominent role in my life. This year will be better. Last year there was a boy named Harrison that I had taken quite a liking to, I had found him sitting in the back of my class one day when my thoughts had brought my eyes to wonder what was in the window in the back of class, turning around looking through each window. The first window was a tree balancing a nest on its scraggly branch, it was winter and the trees, despite their strength, looked as though they had lacked the proper nutrients to continue life. The second window had a far view of the field outside. Beyond the view was the store that my brother visited often, it sold old wares for cooking. He loved cooking. I noticed the front had a closing sign hung on the door. This caused a lot of emotions to come purging up in my body, so I moved quickly to the next window. This one had perfectly framed a couple of women meeting in the middle of the street, they had both been crossing and one looked at the other, whose eyes were fixated on the rocks in her hand, she gave a big laugh and jumped to hug her, the second girl dropped the rocks and almost looked as if she would cry they exchanged items and laughs. The second girl leaned in to whisper something or possibly to breath into the other's ear. The first girl's jaw dropped and then started screaming, I swear I could hear it, however I suppose it could have been my imagination because they were really quite far away. They left and I moved to the next window. This window was blocked by a boy, at first I found his presence annoying, but I got a closer look into his eyes, he sat regal, postured. He looked sad, I was sad as well so I had taken it upon myself that from that moment on I would make him happy. I found this boy was quiet, had few friends from what I could pick up, and he really enjoyed lemons. I think that might sound strange, but they must have reminded him of better times, a time when clouds didn't cry and when the grass stood tall and strong for him when he needed to hide. I found this out because I saw him in the market once, he stood by the lemon stand for a while, smelling each lemon and feeling the firmness. The man working must have noticed his appeal and they talked for a while and he gave the boy a lemon as a gift. They boy almost started crying. I saved for months from then on, and when I got the money I needed I bought a dozen lemons, I had found out how his route from school home and placed the lemons strategically along his path so he could find them. His first lemon was perhaps the most exhilarating one, hidden in the bushes the he crosses through as a short cut, as he pushed his way through it dropped to the ground and he stopped, looked at it and then looked around. Picking it up for a waft he started laughing for the duration of his walk he got more bounce in his step with each lemon. Then, the year after my brother died in the games, the entire community sat in the town square waiting for the reaping to finish, a girl named Patricia Gordon was picked, she was small and unprepared for such a feat. The boy's came up and like all the others I wished for it not to be me, they call out Harrison Tuttle. At the time I had still not figured his name out, so initially I felt relief that nobody I knew had been chosen, but I watched as the boy who climbed to stage was the tall, dark haired, pale boy I had left lemons for. The boy I had written notes for that told him about how the mountains were keeping him safe, the boy who I loved. He climbed to stage. Looking strong he gave me hope that one day I might be able to speak to him. He returned to seven, he returned to seven in several pieces. I left a dozen lemons for him and a letter saying how sorry the mountains were that they had looked in the wrong direction for just a minute. I get out of bed, head to my sisters' room. They sit on their beds. Dalloris takes a quick look at me and leaves the room, "Better check on mom shouldn't I?" She says in frustration. I look over at Cecilia who sits by the window, her pale skin, hair, eyes, even pale nightgown seem to glow making her look like an angel. Our family calls us two the 'ghosts' of the family because our entire physique is so pale, our bodies do not contrast in anyway, and even our wardrobes are filled with similar pale colors and tones. I walk over and sit gently by her side, "It will be fine, rest your weary head." "Oh Poe, please. Today is bad and there's no point to pretending that everything is fine." "Well, that is true, but distractions won't hurt either. Would you help me find a handful of berries, it would be good for you to do something." "Please", she says slowly, "Just stop." She looks away and moves out of the room. I sit alone thinking of what I should do. I decide to go and choose my outfit for the day, we, for some odd reason, have to look exceptional on reaping day, it is 'polite' I have been told, but that doesn't seem to make much sense. I put together an outfit of pale blues and off whites, walk into the kitchen, living room, bedroom conglomerate that is my house and sit next to my mother's bed. She looks at me and closes her eyes. She is wishing for me and Dal to be safe. Cecilia is eleven and needs no wishes till next year. The day seems to go by in a blur, lots of yelling on Dal's part, Cecilia breaks down into tears and mother falls asleep. My father calms Dal down and then the time has come.