10 months ago... Draco It's pretty late when I finally get to the library. Madam Pince tells me that the book I'm looking for is being used at the moment. "When can I get it?" I demand her. She looks slightly perturbed by my tone of voice, but doesn't say anything about it. "It's still here in the library. You could ask the student who is using it if she needs it for much longer." I turn on my heel and go looking through the labyrinth of bookshelves. I finally come across another person, and I snicker when I see the mass of brown curls. "Well, well, Granger. Why am I not surprised you're the one who has the book I want." I drawl, throwing my book bag and homework down onto the table and take the seat next to her. "Hello, Malfoy." She says curtly. She doesn't even look at me. Even when she's cold I'm drawn to her. She leaning on the table and scribbling furiously on a long piece of parchment, and from where I'm sitting I can see the buttons that are drawn tightly over her chest, and I can even see inside her shirt to her bra and the little part of her left breast that is exposed. She ignores me completely. I think back to the Yule Ball last year, and the periwinkle dress she wore. She's so beautiful… But she's a mudblood I remind myself. I wasn't supposed to feel about her this way. I was beginning to grow hard. I was fifteen, and this was becoming a bit of a problem for me. I can't stop looking at her; at her lips, at that cute little nose, at her breasts which rose and fell with each breath. I grew harder. It was starting to become rather visible, and I tried to adjust myself so it wouldn't be as noticeable. Granger chose that moment to finally look at me. She noticed, and her cheeks quickly became red as she turned her head away. "Is that what I think it is?" she asks. "No," I reply angrily. I turn the approximate color of Weasel's hair. "Is it from me?" she asks timidly. "Don't flatter yourself, Granger." I say as she looks over at me again. "Don't you think you should go and deal with it?" Hermione asks shyly. I turn to glare at her before replying, "What do you know about dealing with these sort of things, Granger? Your a girl. " I say trying to hurt her feelings. She doesn't know what her presence does to me, and she can never find out. "Not much, but you could... show me." She says with hers eyes sort of looking in my direction, but not directly at me. "What?" I say, not sure I heard her correctly. "Show me," she requests quietly, looking down at the parchment in front of her after she says it. "Stop fucking with me, Granger. It's bad enough as it is already." I say to her angrily, getting up to leave, but she quickly stands up and blocks me. "I'm not," she says looking at me right in the eye. "Fucking with you, I mean." "Right." I say to her sarcastically. "I'll just be the idiot who shows you, and then you'll blab it to all your little friends and, soon enough, the whole school will know." "And what about you? Will you be telling Crabbe and Goyle that I asked you to show me?" Hermione retorts. "I'm just…" she paused and pursed her lips together as if she was being very careful about what she said next. "I'm curious, that all." she noticed the disbelieving expression on my face. "I'm serious, Malfoy. I promise not to tell my friends, and you have to promise not to tell yours." I was still rather unconvinced, though she looked very sincere. Part of me really wanted to do it; to see her face, to have her touch… No, she'd never do something like that, not with me. Maybe it's a trap. Maybe the moment I go to show her anything she will start laughing in my face. I grab my books and head back to my dormitory. There are a few students left in the Slytherin common room, luckily my condition (which still hasn't gone away) is hidden by my school robes. I keep seeing Granger's face, and the look in her eyes when she said that she was serious. She wasn't looking away, she wasn't looking down - she was looking right into my eyes. Maybe she was serious. She could have been, she's not the best liar. Why does she want me to show her that? Why not ask someone like Potty or Weasel. I cringed. Would she still want me after I stormed out of the library? Would she still be there if I went back? I hope she's still there, I hope she still want's to do this. I turn on my heel and quickly exit the common room. I don't know if I'll ever have this opportunity again. She's still there at the back of the library. This really isn't the best place to be doing this, but I don't really know of any other places that would be much more private. I take a seat next to Granger. "Feeling any better?" she asks without looking up from her arithmancy homework. I can see her glance at the front of my trousers; it's still obvious that the problem hasn't been completely averted. "Did you mean it?" I ask. I have to be sure about this, about her . "If you tell anybody , I'll kill you." She scowls at me, but looks me firmly in the eye. "I promise." Her voice is lower than normal. I hesitate a second before giving a jerky nod of my head. "Okay." "Where?" she asks, almost in a whisper. I can feel her breath on my cheek, and it sends a shiver up my spine. "Where what?" I say back to her. I'm not even looking at her by this point. All I know is that we're going to do this, and my cock is growing larger just at the thought. "Where are we going to do this? Not in the library, right? Anyone could find us." She's staring at the front of my trousers again. "Excuse me, Dears, but the library is closing." We both jump at the sound of Madam Pince's voice. "Of course, we were just leaving." countered Hermione. We both grab our possessions and exit the library quickly. "Promise you won't tell anyone." says Granger in an undertone once we're in the second floor corridor. "Yes." I snap at her. She stops and suddenly grabs my wrist as she pulls me into an empty classroom near the Defense Against Dark Arts classroom. I'm glad we didn't go very far; my boner is starting to feel uncomfortable against my pants. I hear Granger whisper a spell to lock the door behind us. Soon we are settled on the floor, and I'm about to take my trousers off. She's watching intently and I almost consider asking her to look away for a minute or two. My hands tremble as I undo my belt and begin to slide my pants and boxers off. I let out an audible sigh when my cock springs free. "Did that feel good?" Granger asks timidly. "Yes," I breathe, not looking at her. Her eyes are transfixed, but I can tell she's nervous too. "It starts to hurt after a while. The pressure, I mean." I explain. She nods, and I can hear her sharply exhale. "What do you do now." she asks in a braver voice. I don't say anything. I begin to run my hand up and down slowly; showing Granger what I do when I'm alone and need relief. I bite the inside of my cheek, but a moan still escapes me. Her eyes widen at the sound I make, and she sits forward a bit more. Hermione's mouth hangs open a little, and she keeps swallowing hard. She's beginning to breathe more heavily; just like I am. "What do you think about when you do it?" she asks. I don't answer. I can't. I think about her, and how she looked at the Yule Ball last year, and especially how she looks right now. Instead, I ask her a question. "Do you touch yourself, Granger?" I continue to rub my hand over my cock while she decides whether or not to answer my question. I fear that I won't be able to last much longer, so I give myself a pinch at the head. I then go back to rubbing and decide to let out an audible moan. She licks her lips at this and decides to finally answer. "Yes," she breathes; her chest is beginning to heave a little. Even I'm surprised with the next words that leave my mouth. "Why don't you show me." Granger is visibly shocked for a moment, but not upset. "Swear you won't tell anyone." she says imploringly. "I swear." She stares at me, her gaze so intense that I'm surprised she doesn't burn a hole right through me. She hasn't refused yet, but she hasn't agreed yet, either. I let go of my cock and turn to her. "I showed you, now you show me." I'm surprised at myself. I'm also surprised that the Gryffindor Princess hasn't slapped me yet. She hesitates, staring at my organ. To my surprise, she begins to take off her skirt. She looks at me in the eye, and I nod at her, letting her know that everything is okay. "If you tell anyone," she begins. "I won't." I say firmly. Hermione slips of her skirt and underwear off at the same time. Something inside of me snaps when I see her, but she looks away, embarrassed. Not even knowing what I'm doing; I quickly reach out and brush my thumb along her cheek, and raise her head so that we are looking into each other's eyes. "Hey, it's okay." I say quietly. She nods and lets out a deep breath. Granger moves closer to me, and spreads her legs slightly as she kneels of the floor. "Show me." I gently coax. She closes her eyes and brings a hand between her legs, and begins to rub small circles there. I take my hand and begin to stroke my cock again; never taking my eyes off of what Granger is doing. I almost lose it when I hear her first moan. I have to squeeze my cock really hard, just to calm down the slightest. She must sense my eyes on her, but she is still intently watching what I'm doing with myself.. "Are you...wet?" I ask her. I wish I could take it back almost immediately. It sounded better in my head. "Uh-huh," Hermione looks at my face, before turning attention to my hand and dick once again. I add a few twists to the up and down motion now, and notice that she matches it by twisting her hips and grinding into her hand. She looks like she's done this a million times; maybe late at night in her room at home. A muggle home I realized. I begin to moan as I watch her. I wonder what she thinks about. Who she thinks about. "What does it feel like?" Granger suddenly asks. "What?" I say, letting go of the thoughts of her touching herself in her bedroom at home. Dormitories were not a great place for doing this sort of thing. "I mean, does it feel- No, stupid question; of course it feel good. But... what do you feel like?" "What do you feel like?" I counter. I expect her to slap me. Her face is one of pleasure, and she doesn't answer me right away. I almost think that she hasn't heard me, when she