Warrior Women Rainbow Haired Girl Summary: Three best friends who are almost like sisters are transported into Middle Earth. Now they have the choice to either keep the plot that they know so well normal or change it so two people live to see everything until the very end? Until the very end will the three girls decide to stay in Middle Earth or return home to a place where no one really cares for them since they live alone with no family around? Legolas/OC, Boromir/OC, and Haldir/OC AU. Disclaimer: I don't own Lord of the Rings. I do own the three ocs though. Authoress Note: Welcome to my brand new story for Lord of the Rings. I know that I should also be working on my other one and I will. I promise. This just kind of hit me and my two friends were actually pretty pleased that I wanted to write another one basing the three ocs on my friends and myself. They love the series about as much as I do that is for sure. I am actually pretty glad that my friends love it as much as I do. They actually helped me with creating the characters of what they should look like and what not. This story will be based off of the movies since I haven't had the chance to read the books yet for it. I had started to read it when I was with my ex a while ago and well... when we broke up everything had changed and he had taken the book back so now I have to try and find my own copy of the books so I can read it. I promise you that I will keep up with this story as well. I won't fail anyone who reviews this story and stays with it until the very end. This won't be the same as my other story... this one will be different. I hope that this is worthy of reviews. Also it takes a while for the ocs to really get involved with their respective partners. One more than the other three. There is also some references to a certain religion in this story. The three ocs are actually Wiccan so please don't judge this story by what the characters are. Some of the titles will be named after songs... if not all of them. Hopefully it doesn't become all of the titles are named after songs. So without further ado Warrior Women. Information on the characters even though they will be described in this story so well through out the story. Ember Reid Age: 24 Born: September 13, 1988 Hair: Dark Red naturally brown Eyes: Dark Brown Height: 5'4" Haley Perez Age: 20 Born: March 23, 1991 Hair: Black naturally brown Eyes: Blue Height: 5'3" Jaime Samuelson Age: 19 Born: May 4, 1992 Hair: Light Brown Eyes: Green Height: 5'0" Chapter 1 I Know This World Three young women were in a silver 2008 Chevy Cobalt heading towards the home that they all shared in the suburbs of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. They weren't ordinary young women they were different then most and that was what set them apart from other girls their age. The eldest was 24 years old. She had long dark red hair that was almost pin straight, pale skin, and dark brown eyes. She only stood at 5'4" tall which made her the tallest out of all three of the girls. She wore a black dress that went to her ankles, a red cloak, a necklace that showed that she was of the Wicca faith, and a pair of black ballet flats. Her name was Ember Reid. Ember was known for her fiery side and standing up for others and herself. The second eldest was 20 years old. She had long black hair that cascaded down in waves, pale skin, and blue eyes. She only stood at 5'3" tall which made her the second tallest out of the three girls. She wore a black gown, a black cloak, a matching necklace that her eldest friend wore, and a pair of boots. Her name was Haley Perez. Haley was more of the shy quiet type, but when you got her to open up she would talk more than a little bit. The youngest was 19 years old. She had long light brown hair that was in between her two friends hair styles, she also had pale skin, and green eyes. She only stood at 5' tall which made her the shortest out of the three women. She wore a black dress, orange cloak, the same necklace as her other two friends, and a pair of black boots as well. Her name was Jaime Samuelson. Jasmine was known for her shyness and spunky attitude. Haley reached across to change the cd that was playing which was Black Veil Brides. She had grabbed a cd and put P!NK in. She leaned back in the seat listening to the music. Jasmine leaned back in the chair tapping her fingers onto the side of the door listening to the music. "Good choice Hay Hay." Jaime said with a smile. Ember was keeping her eyes on the road that they were going down. She saw a deer shooting across the road. "Hang on!" Ember yelled, as she turned the wheel and hit the breaks to avoid hitting the deer, but they ended up going off of the road crashing into a tree. Upon the impact of the car hitting the tree Ember's seat belt had been defaulty and she had ended up hitting her chest off the wheel. Haley had hit her head off of the dashboard. As for Jaime she hit the back of her head off the side window. All three of them blacked out. X * X * X * X * X * X Mirkwood Legolas crowned prince of Mirkwood was on his way home on his horse. He wasn't prepared for what he was about to see on his way home. He saw a young woman with light brown hair, dressed in a black dress, and an orange cloak. "Slow down..." He told his horse softly. When his horse stopped he jumped off of it with grace. He gracefully walked across the forest floor to check on the woman that was laying there on the ground. He saw the blood that was on the back of her head and hoped that she wasn't dead. He carefully took her into his arms and went back to his horse. He got onto his horse and kept a good hold on her as he took her towards the palace to get her to a healer. He took her appearance in. Long brown hair, pale skin, and he could see pointed ears which gave him the clue that she was an elleth. He could only hope that he could help her out and get her back to health so they could talk and he could try to figure more out about this young elleth and why she was there. He felt her moving a little bit. "Milady... please... don't move... you could injure yourself even more." He told her softly. He could tell that the young elleth's eyes were trying to focus. "Rest... I will get you help." "Where are my friends?" She whispered before she had slipped off into contentiousness. Legolas couldn't help, but wonder where her friends that she had spoken of had gone to. He knew that when he had the chance to he would help her find her friends. He didn't know what to say to her when she awoken about her friends not being there when she awoke. He could only hope that she would be able to see them again. X * X * X * X * X * X Lothlórien Haldir was making his rounds around the perimeter to make sure that the boarder were safe from the ever so growing armies of Mordor and Orcs. He saw someone laying in the grass laying on the boarder. He walked closer seeing that it was a young woman... or was she an elleth? He turned her over and saw that she had pale skin just like he did. He saw a pair of pointed ears which had given him the clue that she was an elleth. He saw blood on her forehead. He carefully scooped her up into his arms. He was hoping that she was still living. He wasn't going to allow one of their own die. He couldn't help, but wonder what had happened to her that would leave her there slowly dying. He held her close to his body and he felt her head rest against his shoulder. When she would awake he would help her with what ever she needed help with. X * X * X * X * X * X Gondor Boromir was on his way back home to Gondor. He and his team had spent countless hours protecting the boarders from Mordor's armies. He saw someone laying on the ground outside of the gate. He could only see the red from the cloak that the person wore. "Hold on Faramir." Boromir ordered his younger brother, as he dismounted his horse. He rushed forward to see who it was laying on the ground. He kneeled down next to the person and turned them over. He tried to hold back a gasp. He couldn't believe who the person was. A beautiful young woman with bruises on her chest that peaked up over the collar of the dress that she wore and blood coming from her pale pink lips and temple. "Boromir what is it?" Faramir asked concerned seeing his brother being so careful with who ever he was touching. Boromir looked back to his brother over his shoulder. "It is a woman." He turned his attention back to the woman and carefully picked her up. "Faramir... take my horse... I am going to carry her in." He held her close to his body taking her inside of the walls of Gondor. There was no way that he was going to allow her to be out there injured. Faramir dismounted his horse and grabbed the reigns of his brother's horse and his own. Boromir looked at the woman's face as he carried her. He had never seen a woman like this. Women never carried scars upon their body, but she did. A scar was jagged up her neck leading onto her face. But to his eyes she still looked beautiful, but what had concerned him was how did a woman like her get a scar like that? He felt her head lay against his shoulder. He heard her moan in pain. "Don't worry Milady I will get you help." He told her softly hoping to ease her at least a little bit. He saw her eyes flutter open revealing a pair of beautiful dark eyes. "Where..." "Shhh... Milady..." He said softly. "I need a healer." He called out. He had noticed that she had passed out once again. He could only hope that he wasn't too late to help her. X * X * X * X * X * X Mirkwood Legolas was waiting patiently outside of the healing room. He was waiting for one of the healers to tell him how the elleth was that he had brought in. The healer came out. "How is she?" He asked, looking at the healer. "She is alive... she needs her rest though." The elleth that was healing the young elleth said. "I have never seen injuries like that in my life. She must have had something horrible happen to her to have her in that kind of condition." Legolas nodded his head. "Thank you." He said softly before slipping inside of the room. He saw her resting upon one of the empty beds, one of many empty beds since they hadn't had many incidents yet in the