Finding Love On The Battlefield Rainbow Haired Girl Summary: Three women make the choice to join the Fellowship of the Ring through trials and errors they learn that love is the only thing that can truly keep them together and from falling apart as a team? Authoress Note 1: I know that I should update my other stories, and I promise I will update them soon. I just got on a Lord of the Rings kick majorly after watching all three of the movies in a marathon. Lol I can't help it. I love Lord of the Rings. And I love the idea that Percy Jackson had decided to add three more movies to the wonderful series which is the Hobbit Movies. Needless to say I am excited to go out and see them and can't wait to see what will happen in those movies. I will be sure that I will also be writing for those movies as well. I just got to wait for them to come out on dvds so I can start, but I think that I will have it written after this story is finished. I wasn't sure if I wanted to make a dwarf character or not and the same way with a hobbit character or three kind of have them paired off with Merry, Pippin, and Frodo; but I did make an Elf character, a human character, and a witch character. I kind of thought that it was fitting to write. Besides when I get the chance to write the story for the hobbit series of movies Aiwendil will be in it. This is probably going to be a fairly long story. You will have the back stories on my characters which will be in this story. There will be a short amount of information on my characters though saying who they are, what they are, where they are from, who they are related to and what not. But I hope that I don't do too badly with this story because I actually want to be a pretty good writer and well... fanfiction is the best way for me to start out because I haven't really had much of a chance to actually write real stories that are from my own mind. Disclaimer: I don't own Lord of the Rings. I do own my three characters though. Elfidora, Aiwendil, and Elemmírë. Character Information Elfidora Race: Human Hair: Blond Eyes: Blue Daughter of Théoden and twin sister of Théodred cousin of Eowyn and Eomer. Weapons: double edged sword, wooden bow, and two daggers Clothing: brown breaches, red thigh length skirt, brown knee high boots, white undershirt, breast plate and wears a red cloak. Wears gown when she isn't fighting. Aiwendil The Red Race: Maiar Hair: Red Eyes: Blue Daughter of Gandalf Weapons: a two handed sword, wizard staff, daggers, and magic Clothing: red gown, brown breaches underneath, brown knee high boots, red cloak, red hat that looks like her father's but smaller. Elemmírë Race: Elf Hair: Blonde Eyes: Violet (odd color for elves) Daughter of Galadriel and Celeborn Weapons: Magic, sword, and wooden bow Clothing: White gown, sometimes wears white breaches, white male top, white cloak, white knee high boots. Authoress Note 2: I hope that I don't fail with this story. You will find out the pairings soon enough. The only one who won't be paired off is Aiwendil unless I figure out who to put her with, but seeing the fact that she is a witch I don't think that she would be really wanted by someone. This will be going through the script of Lord of the Rings the Fellowship of the Ring clear through The Return of the King. I will also be debating on whether or not to have Boromir live or not. I guess we will find out soon enough. You can vote by sending me a message if you want Boromir to live through the battle that he has that he is supposed to die in. Or you can leave it in a review as well. If you want pairings they will be revealed all but soon enough. Most likely within the next chapter or so... at least one of them will be revealed. You could probably of course guess what the pairings are. Since they are probably easy guesses. This is also not normal for me to write a lengthy authoress notes or even writing two authoress notes let alone. Without further ado this is chapter one of Finding Love on the Battlefield. Chapter 1 And So It Begins September 22, 1400 TA Bags End An old man wearing a gray cloak and pointy hat was driving a horse drawn cart with fireworks and such along with a red haired woman who was dressed in a red gown, red cloak, and red pointy hat that was much smaller than his own. The two of them were singing a song going along the road. "Down from the door where it began... and I must follow if I can." The two of them sang as they went down the rocky road towards Bags End. "The road goes ever on and on. Down from the door where it began. Now far ahead the road has gone. And I must follow if I can..." "You're late!" The young hobbit said looking at them. The old man didn't look at first... his companion though had looked up from her hands a small smile graced her lips. The old man looked at him and he had no expression on his face. "A wizard and witch are never late, Frodo Baggins. Nor are they early. They arrive precisely when they mean to." The young woman began to laugh at the older man's words. The hobbit and the old man began to grin then they both began to laugh. Frodo jumped onto the cart and hugged the old man. "It is wonderful to see you Gandalf!" "Ooh! You didn't think that I'd miss your Uncle Bilbo's birthday?" Gandalf said laughing. Frodo then turned to hug the red haired woman. "Wonderful to see you again, Aiwendil." Aiwendil laughed lightly returning the young hobbit's hug. "Wouldn't miss your uncle's birthday for the world." She released him from the hug allowing Frodo to sit down on the cart. "Father... please start the cart." "Of course Aiwendil." Her father said laughing lightly as he set the cart back in motion. "So how is the old rascal? I hear it's going to be a party of special magnificence." "You know Bilbo. He's got the whole place in an uproar." Frodo said as he crossed his ankles. "Well, that should please him!" Gandalf said chuckling. "Or displease him father." Aiwendil said, adding her two cents in. "Half the Shire's been invited. And the rest of them are turning up anyway." The three of them were laughing. "Of course a real large party then." Aiwendil said, as she leaned her back against the wall of the cart. The trip continued in silence for a few more moments. "To tell you the truth, Bilbo's been a bit odd lately. I mean, more than usual." Gandalf looked at him thoughtfully. Aiwendil simply shook her head. She remembered the journey where she had met Bilbo. She knew that that Hobbit was always thinking of something. "He's taken to locking himself in his study. He spends hours and hours poring over old maps when he thinks I'm not looking. He's up to something." Frodo glanced at the witch and wizard. "All right keep your secrets you two." "Hrrrmmph." Gandalf said simply not even looking at him. "But I know the two of you have something to do with it." He told them. "Good gracious me!" Aiwendil simply shook her head. She knew where Frodo was going with this story. She had heard it countless times before. Many of times they were from Bilbo himself. "Before you two came along we Bagginses were very well thought of." Frodo stated. "Indeed?" "Never had any adventures or did anything unexpected." "If you're referring to the incident with the dragon..." Gandalf started. "Father." Aiwendil scolded the older man. Gandalf looked at his daughter. A twinkle was in his eye that she could easily read. "I was barely involved. All I did was give your uncle a little nudge out of the door." Aiwendil just simply shook her head. "You weren't the only one that gave Bilbo the push out the door dear father." "Whatever the two of you did, you both have been officially labeled as disturbers of the peace." "Oh really?" They went past a group of hobbit children. The children went running after him. "Gandalf! Gandalf! Fireworks? Gandalf?" They watched the cart go further and further thinking that Gandalf didn't hear them. "Awwww..." Gandalf looked at his daughter out of the corner of his eyes. Aiwendil nodded her head slowly and blinked her eyes allowing a few of the fireworks to go out of the back of the cart and please the young hobbit children. "Gandalf... Aiwendil I am glad that you're back." Frodo jumped off of the cart. "So am I, dear boy!... So am I." "Father I am going to go with Frodo." Aiwendil told her father with a small smile. "Wouldn't you want to be a surprise?" Frodo asked looking at the red haired woman. "Of course." She said with a small smile. "Whoa... Whoa..." He said stopping the cart allowing Aiwendil to get off of the cart as well as himself. Aiwendil landed on her feet gracefully. Gandalf got off of the cart. He walked toward the door seeing a sign on the door. Aiwendil looked over her father's shoulder. "It seems that Bilbo doesn't want many visitors." She said musing at the old hobbit. She knew that it was bound to happen that he didn't want anyone bothering him. "Well, we will be bothering him then wouldn't we." Gandalf said, looking over his shoulder at his daughter a twinkle in his eyes showed that he was planning knocking on the door. He knocked on the door with his staff. XXXXXXXXXXX Later that night everyone in the shire was bringing in Bilbo's birthday in fashion only how hobbits could do. Aiwendil was further away from her father watching him light off the fireworks as he had planned. She was sitting there with an ale in her hands. Her mind was swirling with the thoughts of what Bilbo had planned. She of course didn't condone it knowing that Bilbo shouldn't even go on an adventure at his age. She looked up and laughed lightly when she saw Frodo dancing in the crowd of hobbits. Oh how she missed it here and she was glad that she was here with them. She began to wonder if her journeys were worth being away the twice a year that she was able to see them? She had missed being in the shire, but she was a person of travel. She could hardly think of herself living at one place at for a long amount of time. Her thoughts were once again consumed with thought of what was to come. If Bilbo still had the ring like she thought he did, it was going to be hard. She knew what the ring meant. It was bad news if it came back into the light again after so many people had forgotten about it. She then heard a firework go off and she saw a dragon made of the firework that had fired. She blinked a few times realizing where it was heading towards Bilbo. She stood up and looked around. She saw her father moving towards the tent. She let out a sigh and followed him. She saw her father grabbing onto each one by their ear. She rubbed hers remembering when her father use to do that to her. "Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took. I might have known." "Father?" "Aiwendil." Gandalf said looking at her. "Looking for