It didn't use to be this hard. Albus couldn't take his eyes of Gellert and all he could think of was that he truly didn't know when exactly the feelings in his fluttering stomach, his prickling fingers, his erratic heart had become such a constant, that ignoring them was such a sheer impossibility. It had been nearly 34 years ago, when Gellert had swept into his life (quite literally, since he had blown into their little cottage without so much as a knock in search for his aunt) and made it his permanent place of residency. Albus had known from a very early point in their friendship that Gellert Grindelwald would have a bigger impact on his live than maybe anyone else, for better or for worse. Now, after all this time, he was fairly certain that he could count himself lucky to have found the one person among wizardkind who could truly match his intellect, someone so passionate that his mere presence could relight the fire in Albus heart and transfix him, draw him in, like a moth to the flame. "You're staring." Gellert didn't even need to turn around properly to make the observation. He only threw a glance at Albus out of the corner of his steel-blue eyes a slight smirk tucking at the corner of his mouth. "I was lost in thought", Albus replied, as was his habit. He hated it when Gellert caught him staring, which seemed to happen more and more frequently as time went by. It made Albus feel like he was at a disadvantage. After all, he had always known that out of the two of them, he was the one who was more emotionally invested in their relationship and he had always carefully concealed just what the nature of his feelings for the other wizard were. He wasn't so foolish as to think that his feelings would ever be returned in such a manner. Finally, Gellert seemed to be finished tying his cravat and he turned on his heels, spreading his arms wide and looking at Albus with a questioning gaze. "You look … hmph … good. Very elegant." Albus had the strong desire to take out his wand and throw an Aguamenti at himself, just to get his brain back into working order. For indeed, Gellert looked stunning. He was wearing tailored pants, a tailcoat and a dark blue, embroidered cravat around his neck with a matching handkerchief in his breast pocket. It was the first time Albus had seen him in anything but a traditional wizard robe, since Gellert had in fact, never worn any muggle clothing. That was why Albus had been ready almost ten minutes before him, while the other man was struggling with his neck cloth. "Elegant, you say?" Gellert spun around again and inspected himself in the large mirror on the wall of his hotel room. "You are right; I do think I had some misconceptions about muggle clothing. Maybe their evening-wear has its merits. And after all, we have made greater sacrifices for our cause, have we not?" Gellert shot a cheeky smile at Albus, who huffed out an annoyed sigh. Gellert was of course, talking about the fact that, a few years ago, Albus had put a stop to their constant traveling by joining the British Wizengamot permanently. He had quickly rose through the ranks and was now in a position to introduce legislation, instead of only being able to vote on their passage, something that has served him and his German ally well. There was, of course, something else Albus had sacrificed for their cause, but he knew that Gellert was not talking about that particular matter and quickly forced his own thoughts to return to the present. A present in which a very handsome Gellert was currently admiring his tailcoat clad self in a mirror in a hotel room in Berlin. The Wizengamot was currently not in session and Albus had seized the opportunity to resume his traveling with Gellert, meeting wizard and muggle leaders and population alike and giving speeches in favor of their cause to free wizard kind from the shackles of their self-imposed secrecy. "I cannot believe you talked me into this", the blond man asked irritably, but with no real malice in his voice. "Buying these to meet Reichspräsident Hindenburg tomorrow was one thing, but going to a muggle vaudeville has to be one those thoughts of yours that struck you in a bout of insanity." "You love my more insane ideas, do not deny it." "Indeed, I do", Gellert picked up his tophat from the mantelpiece and put it on in a flourish. Then he swung both of their coats over his arm, before striding over to Albus. "What are you waiting for?" "You, you insolent prat", Albus attempted to put heat behind the statement, but the little twitch of the corners of his mouth gave him away. "Shall we?" He held out his hand, trying not to put too much thought behind the action. "Lead the way", Gellert replied with a smirk. He put his hand in Albus' and with a single step to the right, they took off. They arrived in a deserted alleyway. Snow was blowing in all directions as the two wizards displaced the air upon their sudden arrival. The narrow alley they were standing in was completely deserted and scarcely more than a gap between two large buildings. Gellert reached between them and shook out the two coats he had brought along, throwing the larger of the two over Albus' shoulders before slipping into his own quickly. It was a cold night and Gellert had already started to shiver. "That year in Italy hasn't done your tolerance of lower temperatures much good", Albus remarked, while leading their way out of the alley and onto the open street, where plenty of passersbys were hurrying through the snow to get to whatever form of entertainment they had chosen for that particular December evening. The two wizards blended in well and quickly they arrived at their destination. The house looked innocent enough from the outside. The entrance was elegant in its modern simplicity and there was no red carpet leading up to it. The door swung open, but no one walked out, so Albus and Gellert quickly walked up to it, before it could swing closed again. As they walked in, they realized that such a worry was unnecessary. A tall man in opulent evening wear had apparently noticed their arrival through the glass windows in the door and was holding the door open for them. "Willkommen hier im Varieté Obscure! Ich bin der Direktor. Darf ich Ihnen ihre Mäntel und Hüte abnehmen? (Welcome to this Varieté Obscure! I am the directore. May I take your coats and hats?) ", his smile was easy and unforced, but practiced and Gellert visibly took to him immediately and even though his smile remained a touch condescending in front of the muggle, he handed over his coat and hat willingly. The director hung their belongings on an already full coatrack and gestured for them to turn into the next corridor, where there were several open windows to little booths, where the entrance fees for the evening where collected by young women in opulent stage make-up but modest clothing. Albus supposed that they were dancers who would perform later in the evening. Gellert took the lead walking up to the little booth, but then faltered upon realizing that he did not have any muggle money. Albus couldn't help the grin that crept on his face. Gellert was a genius and a brilliant rhetorician, but he tended to be so caught up in the bigger picture (even more so than Albus) that everyday obstacles often slipped his notice until it was too late. Luckily, Albus had prepared for their night of muggle entertainment. He took out several Reichsmark and handed over the exact ticket price to the girl, who simply handed them a little slip of paper, with a short "Genießen Sie den Abend (Enjoy you evening)". "You know how to handle German muggle money? I never bothered to learn how to and I am German!" Gellert joked indignantly. "I have told you time and time again over the years, Gellert, if we want to lead them, we should try our best to understand them and their customs", Albus answered. Their steps laid them down a short corridor, which walls were clad in red velvet and to a heavy equally red velvet curtain. They each drew back one site of the curtain and stepped through into a waft of heavy sweet-smelling fog that obscured the scene in front of them. They were among the last guests to arrive, so the hall before them was already filled with the voices of excited, beautifully clad men and women, who were either sitting at the round tables, sipping champagne and talking animatedly, or buzzing around them to find free places. The lightening in the audience was dimmed by the fog and tinted in red, but a few floodlights were already pointed at the still empty stage. "Let's find ourselves seats on the sites", Albus spoke in Gellert's ear and indeed it didn't take them long to find two free seats next to each other within viewing distance of the stage. As soon as they had sat down, a little man walked up to them. His head barely reached Albus' torso while sitting down, but he carried a large platter with champagne glasses. He placed two of them in front on the table before buzzing away again. Albus toasted Gellert, before taking a few sips. He looked around their table. The man sitting directly across from him was large, in his early fifties and contributing enthusiastically to the heavy fog hanging above their heads, if the relish he was smoking his pipe with was anything to go by. Soon Albus's eyes were drawn to Gellert again, who was thankfully not gazing back at him, instead curiously taking in the atmosphere around them. The audience itself was indeed already a sight to behold. There were people from all walks of life in the room. Beautiful ladies accompanied by women and men alike, men in elegant tailcoats and in more informal shirts, former aristocracy and newly rich bankers, poets and politicians, they could all be found here. Yet, Albus only spared them a passing glance. All the young radiant beauty in the room could not outshine the man sitting next to him. "You're doing it again", once again Gellert didn't even need to turn around and once again, ALbus found himself at a loss for words to explain himself. "Don't fret so much, Albus", Gellert murmured distractedly because in this very moment, a young woman had appeared in their line of sight. She was clad in a simple, yet flattering red dress that played around her curves and her brown eyes were framed by thick lashes. She was beautiful by any standard and Gellert who had never had any qualms to appreciate beauty were he found it, took her sight in hungrily. She, too, was carrying a silver platter, yet no champagne glasses were in sight. What was on it could only be seen, once she had bent down a little and lowered it to their eyelevel. Albus' eyes fell on the white powder andhe new enough about muggle culture that he didn't need to think hard to recognize it as cocaine. Gellert, on the other hand looked at the platter with masked confusion in his eyes. "Kann ich den Herren etwas anbieten? Dies ist wie alles andere im Preis inklusiv. (Can I offer you anything? It is inclusive like anything else tonight.) " Her voice was surprisingly husky for a woman who couldn't be older than twenty-five and she was eyeing Gellert with unmasked interest. Albus felt a stab in his heart and his pulse spiked. Yet, this only seemed to enthrall Gellert more,