LEOS P.O.V It's a cold autumn day the thick air is windy and damp. In the middle of a field a tree stood. All of its Leaves are beautiful reds and yellows but the leaves are barely clinging to the branches as if they know when they let go they will die but they had little hope that they could hold on and keep going for another year. Leo felt the same way. Calypso is gone. She burned to death. She and Leo were on a mission to save some mortals from 6 gorgons. There was a fire really close by so while 4 gorgons were attacking Leo the other 2 took all Calypso's weapons and pushed her into the fire killing her. He could have saved her but if he tried to he might have also died. Leo sat down on a bench. He felt two tears make their way down his cheeks. Leo Valdez was crying. He can't even remember the last time he cried. He is always laughing. Even if he's sad he uses joked and fake smiles to hide the pain. Even though it was two months ago it still hit as hard as the day it happened. He can't smile forever. More tears came he couldn't stop them. He wanted to but he couldn't. He can't do anything right. Just then a cool breeze brushed past his face and he saw tiny snowflakes pass. Leo looked down he was surrounded by snow just making a circle around him. He stood up. Then he stepped out of the circle. It got warm for a second then it got even colder than before. It was getting colder and colder. He tried to light a fire but his powers didn't work. Suddenly it was so cold his legs got numb. He pulled a hammer out of his tool belt. Just as he collapsed he saw a girl with pale blue eyes dark brown hair and pale almost white skin running to catch him. RAISA'S P.O.V I'm sitting down on a bench in the cold autumn day.I like the cold a lot more than other people might. All the trees with their beautiful colorful leaves almost look like giant flowers in a Field. Until I heard someone crying. I could tell it wasn't because they were hurt. I got up of the bench leaving a trail of snow behind me like I do when I'm agitated. Oh yeah I forgot to tell you... I'm the daughter of Khione. I found out for the first time when I was twelve. I was next to the swimming pool when my dad pushed me in. just before I hit the water ice shot out from my hand and froze the pool so I wouldn't get wet. The ice wasn't cold. It felt like stone. Wet stone. I did my research on ice and saw a website about my mom. That's how I found out. As I started walking down the path the crying got louder. I hid behind an oak tree when I saw a boy about my age sitting on a bench sobbing. His eyes were full of pain. Not bleeding pain but the pain of loss I know that pain I've been living with it for five years since my dad died in a blizzard. Just thinking about him made me sad. I'm just an orphan now. Suddenly the crying stopped. I looked up and saw the boy standing in a circle of snow. Dang It! Whenever I think about my dad my powers act up. The boy stepped out of the snow circle. My powers usually make a light snow or a big ice cube. Thankfully this time I only made a circle. But as I was about to introduce myself when another ice circle appeared. The boy pulled his hood over his head then pulled out a hammer A hammer? Where did he get that? I saw his knees buckle and I ran up to him. At the last second I saw a look of fear flicker across his face then he passed out. Oh God. Did I kill him? I pulled him out of the circle and it didn't follow him this time. I checked his pulse and saw that he was still breathing.i looked around I couldn't see anything but the park. I walked off for a bit leaving a trail of ice then I saw a hill with a place on top of it. It looked like I had a hospital in it. I followed the ice trail back to the boy who was still cold as ice. I picked him up and found that he was not that heavy. As I carried him back to the place I saw someone walk out towards a big tree. Two people actually. they were holding each other's hands one had blonde hair and another had chocolate brown hair in two braids. I ran up closer to the hill and screamed "help me please! This boy got too cold and now I don't know what to do!" First the people looked. at me. I think they are a couple. Then they looked at the boy. Suddenly they looked scared. The girl said something I couldn't hear then the boy ran down the hill. When the boy walked up to me he said "what happened to Leo?" So this boy's name is Leo. "Um it was really cold in the room we were in and the door was frozen so he couldn't get out and he froze. I got out just in time." The lie actually sounded believable. But then the boy murmured something like "why didn't he melt the ice? It's probably Khione's doing." He knows. He knows the gods are real. But I don't think he knows I do. "Who did this?" I said trying my best to sound curious. "Um know one. I'm Jason by the way" Then he stopped too think for a second. "What to you see? On that hill" he asked. As he said it he pointed to the place. "Um I see a sign that says... Camp half blood and a camp with lots of dangerous things in it." I said. I saw a rock wall with lava trickling down the sides. The boys face looked priceless. I almost laughed a little. "What is this a secret location?" I asked "no it's not. Come with me!" He said running up the hill I looked at Leo than chased after we got to the top of the hill I was surrounded by people with orange t shirts that said CHB on them. Then seven people pushed through the crowd. One had black hair and golden eyes another looked like he was Chinese and was very tall. Two more people holding hands looked from me then to Leo one of them had black hair and sea green eyes the other had blonde hair and grey eyes the color of storm clouds the last two looked only at Leo regarding me. One of them was the girl Jason was with and the other had blonde hair and was holding a bag of crackers and apple juice in his hand he took Leo and bounded of without saying a word. The six including Jason crowded around me asking questions. "What's your name?" asked the blonde haired girl. "Oh um my name is Raisa." I answered. "My name is Annabeth" said the girl then the black haired guy with the green eyes said "I'm Percy" and everyone else said their names. The boy named Frank said to Annabeth " you show her around." "Okay" Annabeth replied. Everyone left except Annabeth. First she asked "how old are you and do you have any living parents.?" She said it like she asked that a million times. "Oh I'm 18 and no." She looked at me in amazement. "Have you ever seen anything strange happen around you?" She asked. "Nope" I lied. "How are you still alive?" She asked. "What do you mean?" I am really confused now. "Have you met any monsters? Or Saytrs?" She was also confused. I tried to play dumb "you mean from the Greek myths?" She looked at me carefully as if she was trying to figure out if I was lying. "Yes. Raisa this might be hard to take in but the Greek gods are real. And one of them is your parent" she looked at me as if I might deny it but all I said was "okay do you know which God?" She looked at me like I just said I'm 57 "y-you believe me? You don't think I'm crazy?" She smiled "I don't know which god/goddess"she sounded sad. "You're probably the daughter of a minor god like Nike or Hypnos. What do you like to do?" This time I answered truthfully "I like to read and play outside and sometimes I read outside." What I didn't say was I like to play outside in the snow. Suddenly a glowing light appeared above my head it was a book? Annabeth looked at me then at the symbol. "All hail Raisa daughter of Athena. My new sister" LEOS P.O.V I woke up in the infirmary feeling like a human icicle. My first thoughts were 1. I am cold. I remember a girl running up to me. She looked exactly like Khione then I passed out. For all I know it was Khione. Piper walked in the room "Leo! your awake. How do you feel?" I sighed "well I feel like I just entered the arctic without a jacket" more fake smiles. Piper laughed "well that's what happens when you get trapped in a freezing building without a jacket." In a freezing building? "Um piper when I passed out I saw someone running towards me. Do you know who?" Piper looked at me like i should know. "Um the girls name was Raisa. Didn't you see her at the shop?" Piper looked confused now. "Oh her" I lied. "Can I see her?" I asked. "Yeah she's in the the Athena cabin with Annabeth." Piper said. "Athena?" I asked. "Yeah she got claimed pretty quickly. Just like you" she smiled. "Maybe you two will be good friends." Piper wiggled her eyebrows. "Wow" I said. "Okay beauty queen Just show me where she is." Piper laughed. "Here follow me." She started walking. I stood and walked up to where she was standing. "She's right in there" Piper pointed to the Athena cabin. "She's the only one in there. all the other Athena kids are at the campfire"Piper pointed out. "Okay" I smiled "see ya around" then I walked into the cabin.I saw a girl sitting on the top bunk in the left corner. "Hey Raisa. I just wanted to thank you for saving my life." She looked up. Her eyes were red and puffy. "Are you okay?" I asked. "Yeah I'm just so happy I have a family again." Her pale blue eyes glossed over when she said for it as if she was about to start crying The way she said it made me wonder. "Where is your dad?" The second I said that I regretted it. Raisa looked down into her lap. "He's gone. He died in a blizzard." She sniffled. "I know how you feel. My mom died in a fire. That's kinda ironic because I'm the son of Hephaestus." Then i made a lame attempt at a smile. Raisa looked at me the same way. "Why aren't you at the campfire?" I asked. "I don't know anyone there" she said. "Well now you do" I cleared my throat. "I'm Leo Valdez 18 years old I'm a son of Hephaestus and I'm totally single" I winked at the last part. She laughed "well I guess I'm a little hungry. Then I think I heard the loudest grumble I've ever heard. "A lot hungry" we both burst into laughter. She climbed down the ladder