Hey guys I'm sorry but when I write stories, new ideas pop up in my head and I have to get the idea down of making new stories. Maybe because I love being creative and come up with shit, I don't know. I'm just me. This is a new story that has been inspired by my ultimate favorite authors Speklez, Xo Bella Italiana oX, Unseelie Sidhe, Bertie Bott, Kittyinaz, Jessiikaa15, MidnightMystery, storyteller41, RamonaFlowers19, mama4dukes, extraler, Luna Luce, lifelesslyndsey, BlueSea14, WhiteWolfLegend, Lady Mackenzie Luv, and Alaee301. Their stories are the sole reason why I came up with this one and temporarily paused the others. All the credit goes to them and I would especially love it if they ever got to read this story :). My plot is mine and mine alone. The characters I make up throughout this story is also mine alone. I would love to have as many reviews in this story and help to keep this story going to the end. Everyone can help. The reviews would be also great to see if I need to fix any mistakes or to see where to evaluate in any chapters. Constructive critism is okay. But I will DEFINITELY not tolerate any flamings on my story. You like the story okay, you're my new best friend. Don't like it then stay the fuck off my profile. I don't beat around the bush and go straight to the point and let me tell you the truth hurts. I am a sweet 16 year old girl if I like you, but do anything that pisses me off, I will bomb on you and will have no remorse in doing so. I'm a military brat and I ain't afraid to lash out. But anyway enough about that. This would be a crossover of Fullmetal Alchemist, Twilight, and The Vampire Diaries. I just want ya'll to enjoy this and if anyone wants to help in continuing this email me. PM me for email address. Enjoy my lovelies :) A storm brewed over the state of Washington. Trees blew harshly as rain heavily in its' green trescence of autumn. Lightning seemed to light the sky at any chance it had. Huge black bunched clouds bundled together as if it was embrace by the contents of huge arms that never wanted it to part to see the clear sky. It was 5:09 pm. A blurred figure ran through the forest in high speeds. Fluidly dodging everything in his path as he ran. His goal of running home excited him, for he will see the one person who cared for him for him. Lightning took its' time flashing in the sky as he passed through a clearing. Long tresses of sharp dark green hair flowed behind him as his semi bared feet picked up speed. Washingtons' forest was the biggest in United States and in its' own state it cleared more than 5,000 yards away from civilization. This state was cleared off the radar. Everyone in this state is ultimately under the protection of the one who cared for all its inhabitants. She was their protector. She was their salvation. She was their mother who cared for all her children, even if she was only 18 years old. She may rule over the state with an iron fist but she does it because she cares. She recommmended the government and congress along with the president to leave Washington off limits and off anyone else's radar. Anyone who wanted to come was to travel by car, train, bus, or on foot. Never by plane. The green haired figure made it out of the forest past a huge and the best secured prison in the U.S. It was full of inhabitants that serve a death penalty or is a criminal that is serving prison for life. Every state that had those in that category was to send them to Washinton with no questions asked. About 100 yards from that was a mansion that could put any of the riches people on earth to their knees at the size. Both of the buildings were built from the bottom up by the people of Washington. There was a driveway and a road that goes in the direction of the town so anyone can visit. The garage was also something to drool on. Motorcycles, trucks, cars, and any type. of vehicle was available to you. The masion's design was absolutely beautiful. It may be extravigant but it does have its homey feel to it. It was about 7 stories high. Each side of it was about 50 feet long in lenght. In width it was about 35 feet long on each side. The colors of royal blue and diamond black. The exterior, mainly the whole mansion, was blue and the windows and balconies and such were black. The front entrance was wide with double doors and an over canopy. The roof was flat for those who want to sit in peace to watch the stars and moon when it came rarely in the cloudy, rainy state of Washington. The front yard was wide and the grass cut short, the fontain of the right side of the place he called home. Perfectly cut bushes and different variety of white leaved trees and some green trees surrounded the whole outside area. The figure stopped at the double doors and shook his body, ridding himself of excess water from the storm. Making sure to wipe his feet and wrigging his green hair, he stepped inside the place he would always call home. He walked through the short hallway and stepped in the living room. His amethyst eyes glowed with the lights. The interior was more beautiful than the exterior. White marbled walls with personal and created designs imbedded in. The ceiling of the room once you step in was tall, about 25 feet. The chandelir with real diamonds hung over in the center. The sanded wooden floor shined. A rug that fit two wide couches, another couch set that circled into a U shaped form around a coffee table. A 62" plasma screen TV that hung on the wall and an entertainment system that resided right under it. It was filled with pictures of different people laughing with her. Bright smiles that gave the room extra light. A antique case filled with knicknacs and vases of good smelling flowers that comforted every one who lived here. There was another hall after this. One that had bathrooms and a meeting room on the left. The right wall was blank with more pictures. Then two very wide stairwells on each side that led to the uppers levels that consisted of bedrooms and more bathrooms. On the right was a kitchen that a professional chef that would have an orgasm over. Any chef's wet dream. On the right was a dinning room. Past the dining room was a set of double doors that were gold and embroided the initials of her. I and W on separate doors. He quickly opened one and slipped downstairs to where he past many members of his family. Everyone laughing and smiling with contentment and joy. With peace. There was only on hallway that was short. It also had black double doors that led to their theater room. Passing that he went into a large office that was more likely a huge library. Books where everywhere. Walls stacked with them. But he was entirely focused on the one woman who sat in the center, book in handwhile the other smoothed a childs' hair down as she napped in her lap. The woman who made all of this possible. The one that would become very deadly if necessary to protect the ones she love. The woman who took him in after his mother used him and his father betrayed him. The woman that he forever call his one true mother. Isabella Marie Swan-Whitlock. Her long knee length black hair braided in a french braid tossed over her shoulder. Pale skin yet very beautiful. Small dainty hands that would forever have a mother's touch. She was only 5"4 yet very powerful and deadly. Piss her off and you might as well dig your grave. Heart shaped face, high cheekbones, small button nose, full lips and aligned beautiful red eyes and black ring outline. A figure that females would die for. Huge breasts, flat toned torso, small waist, large hips with, dare he say, a perfect ass, and long legs. Her bare feet were small as well. She was a beauty sent from the heavens and her status as a vampire made it all the better. There were 3 different kinds of creatures that live here. Vampires, Werewolves, and Humonculi. Two types of vampires that live are the burning original kind and the sparkly cold ones kind. There were lots more cold ones than original by hundreds. Colds ones are vampires that have cold hard diamond skin, that glitters in the sunlight. They have perks of having supernatural strenght, speed, sight, and hearing. They also bring a strong trait from their human life that evolves into a gift. Some vampires are just normal. Their diets of course consists of blood, human blood or animal blood. Though no vampire wants that. See if you feed off animals, you have gold eyes. You feed off humans and you have shiny crimson eyes. Isabella has hated any vampire that have gold eyes because of her past. So she feeds off humans, mainly criminals, hence why a prison was here next to their home. So does every vampire that lives here. Most of these are vampires that live around the U.S as nomads. Half of the south came here as well. Also hence why that vampires that come to this country never see or smell them but of their old scents of where the use to reside before they heard of Isabella. The only ones that where kept out of the loop where the animal drinking family she hates and any others that came from other countries. The Vultori does not even know of this. Even if they catch wind of it and try to come here because we have a large population here and the humans of Washington that know all of our secret and try to kill them, they would drop like flies under their Queens wrath. Humans and Supernatural creatures coexist in peace in Washington. Everyone knows everyone. The Original Vampires, of course, are the ones who came before the Cold ones. They can get staked, burn in the sun and such. The look like humans. They also have fangs. When their vampire side shows, veins protude under their eyes as their eye color turns red. They diet of course is human blood that gives them ultimate strength. As they age, their strenght grows as well as their own gifts. If they are powerful enough they can shift in their own prefered animal. They have another weakness as well. Vervain. If vervain is in their system, it burns thems. But it can not be a weakness if they consume vervain mixed with blood everyday. Now there are two kinds of werewolves. One that can shift into horse sized wolves at will. It was originated in a reservation of La Push after a vampire terrorized their tribe eons ago. Those who have the genes of a shifter, shift when danger comes. it starts with a fever that raises their body temperature to a permanent toasty 108 degree. They are also very short tempered if they are new. Piss them off and you have newly shifted wolves after you. Feeding them is like feeding an army sized dinner to only about 30 shifter wolves. The other kind are the ones that shifted during the full moon. Only a rare few can control their wolf side. Piss them off even though they aren't under a full moon, their eyes turn yellow. The only supernatural creature was the Homunculus. But there