THE STORY UNTOLD Author: Ennorwen Time Period: Third Age, FOTR Characters: Fellowship, primarily Aragorn and Legolas, Celeborn and Galadriel Summary: In Lothlorien, Aragorn faces his future and Celeborn shows why he is counted among "The Wise." Primarily bookverse, with movieverse Aragorn and a little Silmarillion and Unfinished Tales thrown in for good measure. Warnings: None Rating: G Beta'd by: becketeer Exhausted and grieving, the fellowship made its way to the legendary woods of Lothlorien. Aragorn lead, Legolas close behind, running to the refuge and away from the nightmare of Moria. The hobbits struggled, slowed by their grief and stature while Boromir and Gimli brought up the rear, anxious to reach safety but wary of the mysteries of The Golden Wood. They were soon met by the Galadhrim at wood's edge. The Marchwarden and his patrol carefully escorted the group to the court of Celeborn and Galadriel at Caras Galadhon. Galadriel, distracted by the one ring's presence and Frodo's demeanor did not see what Celeborn noticed. Aragorn seemed bewildered and distracted. Legolas stood near, adding his strength to Aragorn's, and, willing him to the present, stood ready to catch him should he falter. Once dismissed, the eight were led to a serene copse of trees and moss where they would make their camp. The pherianneth quickly found their place and began unrolling blankets and emptying packs. Sam sat with a thud, pots and pans clanking around him. Gimli wandered, muttering, and wondered how in Arda he could fall so hard, so fast, and for an elf-witch at that. Boromir methodically unstrappped his shield and sword, and reached for the pitcher of water that had been left for the group. Legolas, fascinated by the mellyrn, went from tree to tree, touching and listening, all the while keeping close watch on his fellows, Aragorn in particular. For his part, the future king stood impassively, looking from hobbit to man to dwarf, feeling the full weight of his destiny pressing upon him. He knew that the group now looked to him, and the decisions were now his, but he was not ready to make them. He knew he was expected to take up Gandalf's part, and felt inadequate to the task. He knelt down beside a nearby tree and leaned against its solid bark. After the evening meal, the elves' singing began in earnest – a lament for Gandalf, Legolas told them, the haunting sounds rising up through the canopy and thrown into the night. The fellowship settled down, one by one, into a deep sleep. Legolas, watching from tree's edge, wanted nothing more than to tell the Ranger that he was worthy of their trust – of their loyalty and love. He had watched the man grow up and knew the wisdom and goodness in him. They had saved one another from perils small and large for over seventy years of the sun and had become good friends, nay, gwador (sworn brothers). As much as Legolas' heart ached for Gandalf's loss, his heartache for his friend was greater. Aragorn, seeing his friend's concern, smiled a half smile and dipped his head in acknowledgment. Sighing, he laid down his head and closed his eyes. …The fellowship had made their way to the bridge of Khazad-dum and one by one crossed the crumbling structure. The servant of Morgoth close behind, they felt flames lick at their feet. Gandalf turned to confront the demon and unleashed every power he had – invoking the Flame Imperishable (Eru Illuvatar). The wizard fought. His staff and Glamdrung whirled – the Balrog's flaming whip slithered. Belching fire and sulfur, it advanced and threw the wizard down, the bridge breaking beneath them. The creature fell into the chasm. As Gandalf turned to escape, the tail of the Balrog's whip snaked up from the abyss - …Legolas watched his friend in his disturbed sleep. He saw the Ranger's legs move and arms flutter. He heard the moans and anguish in Aragorn's voice and stepped closer to comfort him should he wake. He tentatively reached out to still the Ranger's legs – In his dream, Aragorn watched as the whip of fire reached for Gandalf, and startled when instead he felt the flail wrap itself around his own legs. It seared his flesh and began to pull him towards the edge of the crevasse. Reacting quickly and quite by instinct, he reached for Anduril. The distinctive sound of the steel leaving its' sheath broke the silence of the night. Aragorn grasped the sword and whirled once, a trick Glorfindel had taught him to gain leverage and forward thrust. He flexed his knees and adjusted his grip to hold the weapon more firmly. He brought the famed sword over his head in a wide arc, poised to strike at the creature that assailed him. Through the fog of his consciousness he thought he heard someone scream his name. "Strider," yelled a now awake Merry, from behind him. He allowed his eyes to move slightly left, but it did not deter his purpose. Ready to strike, the Ranger swung the sword downward. Upon Aragorn's first movement, Legolas had quickly withdrawn his hand and stepped back a pace. With wide eyes, he saw his friend take up his sword and was suddenly aware that he was its' target. The sword began its' descent and the elf put out his hands to defend himself. He had no weapon and had realized Aragorn's intent too late to spring away. Instead, he quickly went to his knees and holding his hands open-palmed and chest high, called out to his friend. "Aragorn! Ai, Aragorn! Daro! (halt)" Aragorn hesitated as his vision widened and grey eyes met blue. He now saw the fair face below him – his mellon – his gwador. "Sidh (peace)," Legolas was saying, "Sidh, mellon-nin. You have been dreaming." The Ranger stayed his hand and dropped to his knees, tears gathering in his eyes. Legolas caught his friend in a firm embrace assuring him of his forgiveness and understanding. Aragorn wept openly then, venting all of his pent up pain and frustration. Choking on his tears, he shuddered at the thought that he had nearly killed his heart's brother. Now bestirred and gathering around the pair, the rest of the group could only sit and watch. Strong, imperturbable Aragorn had dissolved and Legolas' compassion was at once fully manifested. Puzzlement was written on their faces. Finally, Pippin could restrain his curiosity no longer. "What happened? Is Strider alright? He almost killed you!" "His rest was troubled," replied Legolas, "It was but a dream." The answer seemed to placate the group and after glances all around and a few shrugged shoulders, the six settled back into their places. Awake now, and more fully aware of what he had nearly done, Aragorn renewed his apologies to his friend. "Ah, Legolas. I am become as a kin-slayer or Turin Turambar. But for your voice, you would dwell even now in the Halls of Mandos, and by my own hand. It is all too true that any nobility found in men has met its end in me. Take now this sword, for I am undone and not worthy to be its' master." "Aragorn," replied the elf, "You cannot mean this. See? I am here and most certainly live." Dropping the sword and shuddering, Aragorn answered, "Nay, Legolas, my friend, it is finished." and walked away. Celeborn had come to check on his guests and, out of sight, had watched the episode unfold. Leaning against a tree, he pondered what he had seen. With Gandalf gone and the power of Narya to "rekindle hearts to the valour of old"(1) with him, Celeborn realized that it was up to those who remained to provide the encouragement that was necessary. An idea came to him then, and the Elf Lord followed Legolas as he left the glade, intent on sharing the plan which he would put into motion at the next night's dinner with the fellowship. The next morning, the Ranger was nowhere to be seen and the sword lay where he had dropped it. With reverence, Legolas retrieved and sheathed it. The fellowship busied themselves – cleaning their gear or meandering through the many trails that led through the mellryn. All of them were concerned about Aragorn, but no one gave voice to his thoughts. As Ithil chased Arien from the sky, the group began to gather for the evening meal. A table was lavishly laid before them. Meats, cheeses, vegetables and fruits beckoned to the weary travelers. There were even mushrooms! The Hobbits were ecstatic and Boromir and Gimli watched with amusement as the little ones gaped and swooned. Legolas arrived with a few select Galadhrim, the brothers Haldir, Rumil and Orophin. All quieted when Celeborn and The Lady made their appearance. "Come, friends," said she, "Join us for a meal and conversation. You have now had a chance to rest and now is the time to restore your bodies through such succor as the elves can provide. Come, sit." "But what about Strider," Pippin asked. "He is here." Came the Ranger's voice from the edge of the clearing, as he strode the few lengths to the table. He did not look at anyone directly, but sat in his place, head down. Celeborn raised his wine glass and spoke, "You have come many leagues on your quest, and have yet more to travel. Even the wise know not what you still yet face. May the Valar bless you all. Now, eat, and take your rest." The hobbits didn't need a second invitation. Despite their concern for their companion, the aroma of the foodstuffs presented proved too much and they ate with great enthusiasm. Plates of mushrooms and meat flew from hand to hand. Gimli and Boromir put aside their wariness of things elven and partook eagerly. Why, their hosts had even come up with some ale! Legolas and his Silvan kin conversed quietly, while eating a small portion of the cheese and bread. Aragorn, sitting, as ever, between the mortals and immortals, ate little and drank only water. Many tried to draw him into the conversation, but without success. He had spent the day in the forest, thinking and walking and praying to the Valar for answers to his questions. All the while, Celeborn watched, and waited. When the meal was over, the Lord of Lorien rose from his seat. "We invite you," he said, "to join us for some song and the telling of tales. We will not go long into the night as do our kin in Imladris, and we have no bard to match Lindir, but we will sing songs of old, which you may find of some comfort." The group rose as one and moved to the fire circle that had been prepared. Assured that the guests had full glasses, Galadriel motioned for the music to begin. A song, haunting and beautiful came from the minstrel's lips and though the words were Sindarin, none could miss the joy at the beginning of it. At the start, it was a lilting melody, then built to a towering crescendo, before turning to a soft and melancholy end. "Come, and I will tell you the story of the song that you have just heard," said Celeborn, He beckoned Aragorn and Legolas to sit near him, one on his right and the other on his left. "This is a not a story about elves, though our people play a part, but about a man." At that, the group paid full attention. They had heard many songs and stories in Rivendell, but save for the tale of Beren and Luthien, all had been about elves. Frodo and Merry, their interest in history keen, had enjoyed them all, but the rest had grown tired of the same old elvish laments of times past. A story about a man, told by an elf. Now interested, Boromir gave Aragorn a nod as Celeborn continued. "The man