IMLADRIS REVISITED Author: Ennorwen Characters: Elrond, Gandalf, Aragorn with appearances by Erestor and Glorfindel. Time Period: Third Age, FOTR The Fellowship is in Rivendell Rating: G Summary: A response to the Teitho "What If" challenge, to take a scene or scenes from any of the LOTR movies and rework them as we would have liked to see them. Beta'd by: Becketeer All italized portions are direct quotes from The Fellowship of the Ring, and are the property of P. Jackson, F. Walsh, P. Boyens and New Line Cinema. The storm that the Lord of Imladris had been expecting for millenia finally broke in the form of a wounded hobbit's arrival at The Last Homely House. He had done all he could to heal the perian's injuries and now stood watch over Frodo's sleep. Gandalf joined him at the Ring-bearer's bedside, his countenance betokening the grave concern he felt for his young charge. Eyes meeting, and then half-closed, they acknowledged the meaning of the hobbit's coming and with him the awakening of Isildur's Bane. "Come, Mithrandir, he will sleep a while more. Let us repair to the library where we can speak freely. I see that Sam has come," noting the arrival of the Shire gardener. "He will keep watch on his friend. You will call us if he wakes, or if there is any change in his condition, will you not?" "Yes, Sir, Mr. Elrond," said Sam, adding, "He will be alright won't he?" "Yes, Master Gamgee. It is good that Glorfindel came upon you on his search. I was able to remove the morgul sliver from his wound. He will sleep and he will recover." "Thank you, Sir, Thank you." Sam then took his master's hand and sat at Frodo's side as the wizard and the Elf-lord moved away. The library at the house of Elrond had no peer on Middle-earth. Minas Tirith had large archives, surely, but it could not match the breadth of subjects and antiquity of the scrolls and books held at the Last Homely House. The rooms were also a sanctuary and used often as a place of refuge and meditation. Many of the artifacts of ages past, both Elven and Numenorean were kept here, reverently handled and preserved. After pouring two glasses of wine, Elrond looked out at the gardens of Imladris, reveling for a moment in their serenity. He turned to the wizard and spoke. " His strength returns." Gandalf responded, "That wound will never fully heal. He will carry it the rest of his life." " And yet to have come so far, bearing the Ring. The hobbit has shown extraordinary resilience to its' evil." replied Elrond. With lowered eyes and sadness manifest, the wizard answered, "It is a burden he should never had had to bear. We can ask no more of Frodo." Refilling the wine glasses, Elrond turned to the Maia and said, "Gandalf, the Enemy is moving. Sauron's forces are regrouping in the east – his eye is fixed on Rivendell. And Saruman you tell me has betrayed us. Our list of allies grows thin." Regarding the Elf-lord solemnly and with regret, Gandalf informed him, "His treachery runs deeper than you know. By foul craft, Saruman has crossed Orcs with goblin-men. He's breeding an army in the caverns of Isengard. An army that can move in sunlight and cover great distance at speed. Saruman is coming for the Ring." Elrond stared back, "This evil cannot be concealed by the power of the Elves. We do not have the strength to fight both Mordor and Isengard. Gandalf, the Ring cannot stay here. This peril belongs to all Middle-Earth. They must decide how to end it. The time of the Elves is over – my people are leaving these shores. Who will you look to when we've gone? The Dwarves? They hide in their mountains seeking riches. They care nothing for the troubles of others." With finality, Gandalf responded, "It is in the world of men that we must place our hope." Sitting themselves down, the lore-master replied, "Oh Gandalf, the race of men is failing. The blood of Numenor is all but spent, its' pride and its' dignity forgotten. They are scattered, divided, leaderless. Responding with a knowing stare the wizard answered, "There is one who could unite them, one who could reclaim the throne of Gondor. "How I have wished that he would take up his destiny," replied Elrond, looking past the wizard, "I have seen it sometimes – a light shining brightly upon him – the Ring of Barahir worn so effortlessly. He has traveled the wide world and seen the plight of his people. In Rohan, and even more so in Gondor, the people loved him and looked to his counsel. That he is a leader of men there can be no doubt. Why did he not stay and allow Ecthelion to fulfill the oath?"(1) "It was not yet time. Would you have had a weakened Gondor plunged also into civil war? Do you not remember the Kin-Strife? My Lord Elrond," he continued, "It is not by chance that these things occur. As Bilbo was meant to find the Ring, so it is that now the sixteenth chieftain is meant to try and regain the crown." "You who have raised him and loved him lo these many years have seen this. And now it is certain. With the coming of the Ring comes also Aragorn's time. Does your heart not break because you know this?" Elrond, eyes downcast, tented his trembling fingers. He rose from his chair and walked to the balcony. He looked over the land he loved and he drew a deep breath as he heard the wizard continue. "Your heart is troubled, Elrond. It is troubled for Aragorn and the life he will live and it is troubled for Arwen for the life she will not. You know that soon your time here will end. You know that you must risk much to save all, and you know that, for you, there is mourning in either outcome. Aragorn will come into his own by his own will or he will not. We shall give him every chance to fulfill his destiny. So much depends on it." "What would you have me do?" retorted the Elf-lord. "He has learned all that I have sought to teach him, been alone and in the world of men. He has seen healing at his own hands. What more could I make him see that he has not?" The wizard, placing his hand on Elrond's shoulder, replied, "Yes, my old friend, you have taught him well. He has traveled far and seen much. He has seen you of late as the great Elven Lord you are – wise with counsel, stern with advice, concerned with the whole of Arda's well-being. And, as that of a father to a well-loved daughter." "What he has not seen though, is the love of the only father he has ever known. More than any elf on this Middle-earth, you know what this is like. Your parents –your brother – your King – your heritage as Peredhil. You, too, have been as one utterly set apart. Elrond straightened and replied, "But have I not always done what must be done? I have put aside my feelings and taken up my part. Why him, Gandalf? Of the sixteen generations I have fostered or known, why have I allowed this one to come so close? You are right, my friend, my heart does break and I would that his lead him toward his fated end." "Tell him what you have seen, Elrond," responded the wizard, holding the Elf-lord's eyes with his own. "Apprise him of your admiration and wish for his success. If not as a father, then use your healer's eyes. His wounds are not physical, but wounded he is nonetheless. Elrond. Have the sword reforged. Let him name it and start afresh with assurance of your love and good wishes. Be as a father to him." "We are blessed to have you among us, wise Olorin. In truth, I am torn. My whole purpose for remaining – after Gil-Galad – after Celebrian – was to this end. But now I find I do not wish it – or I wish to hold it back longer. You are not the only one to question my even-handedness. My wise counselor, Erestor, has come to me with similar concerns. Must I lose that which I love – again – to gain the whole of Middle-earth? Gandalf looked off into the distance, and clutching his staff, regarded the Peredhil, "Servant of the Secret Fire I may be, but even I do not see all ends. Nor do you my wise friend. Yes, once again, you will do what you must. As will Aragorn. As will I. You know that all who play a part will not remain whole, and you know well where your healing lies. His will begin with the success of his pursuit if it is fated, and we must do all that we can to see it to that end. For the good of all." "It is strange, Gandalf. We elves are used to having all the time we need – and more. But now, decisions must be made and there is so little time left." said Elrond solemnly. They were interrupted by three soft knocks on the study door. Erestor's voice came from the hallway, "Pardon, my Lord, but there is news you must hear." "Come." Stated the Elf-lord, opening the door. "What news, Erestor?" asked Elrond. "A small party of dwarves has crossed into our land. They seem to know where they are going and will arrive, by your leave, at nightfall." "Dwarves?" Elrond questioned, eyebrow raised. And then with understanding, "Dwarves. It cannot be coincidence that all of the free peoples have representatives in our land at this time. Were you aware that the Mirkwood Prince arrived last night, Gandalf? The hobbit's coming and that which he brings with him affects all of us. Erestor, have rooms prepared for our dwarven guests and apprise the kitchen of their arrival. We will hold council two days hence. "Yes, my Lord," answered the raven-haired advisor. "I will see to it." The counselor took his leave and Elrond turned to the wizard. "Yes indeed, my friend, many decisions are upon us and they come sooner rather than later. We will all speak together of the disposition of the Ring, but as for my foster-son, that I must alone decide. Will you look in on Frodo now?" "Yes, Yes, I think I will." replied the Istar. "And then I shall look for Bilbo and see if he wishes to share a pipe with me." With that the wizard left, leaving Elrond alone with his thoughts. That evening and the next morning were filled with many meetings and conversations. Frodo had awakened and was reunited with his friends. Legolas and Aragorn renewed their friendship and Arwen and the Ranger spent rare precious hours together. Another man had arrived, this one from Gondor – Boromir, heir to the Steward. The Last Homely House had not been this full for many ages, but few were the sounds of merriment. All had a tale to tell and questions to be answered and it was with expectation that they looked forward to the next day's council. That night, after the evening meal, Elrond made his way to the reliquary and paused at the murals depicting the Last Alliance of Elves and Men. He thought back to that time and remembered the fall of Gil-Galad and Elendil and of Isildur's great mistake. But as he pondered longer, he found he remembered also the friendship and camaraderie between his King and the leader of men. He thought of Isildur's admirable deeds as well. Was is not Isildur who stole and hid the fruit of the White Tree, protecting it until it could be