After Despair I quickly glanced back as I hurried away from the burning rubble of the small airplane. This was one of those moments where you begin to question the purpose of life. Sometimes, it just seems so pointless. I mean, we're all just going to die anyways. We fight to survive, but we'll always lose in the end. I guess these thoughts are a bit unusual for a thirteen-year-old, but I'm a fairly unusual guy. Thinking back on what's happened in the past few hours, nothing in my life will ever be usual again. It all started with the stupid monster girls. I was at the mall looking for a friend when I noticed this giggling gaggle of teenage girls that seemed to be looking right at me. Slightly unsettled, I made my way down the hall and into a side corridor, where I sat down on one of the wooden benches placed in the middle of the hallway. Sitting there, I watched the stylishly dressed girls hurry around the corner and edge closer to my bench. With growing concern, I decided to confront them. Mustering my courage, I strode up to the group. "Why are you following me?" I asked with slight annoyance. The girls giggled maddeningly as one of them stepped forward and said, "We were just wondering what your name was." My full name was Evander Valerius Aurelium Ganderic, and I go by Evan, but I wasn't planning on telling these creepy girls any of that. Unsure of what to say, I ended up saying the first names that came to my head. "My name is Elvis McCartney," Why on earth did I have to pick the worst fake name under the sun? The girls giggled some more as the leader of the pack rolled her eyes and said, "Yeah, sure. A big fan of music, are you, kid?" I was, in fact, but I wasn't about to tell her that. "Hmmm. Do you like archery, too? Or maybe first aid type stuff?" The girl was beginning to get super creepy. She had pretty much just described all of my hobbies. I am a total music geek, and I've written a few songs on my electric gituar, and while I enjoy most sports, I'm totally obsessed with archery and I got my CPR and First Aid certification last summer in Boy Scouts. "Have you guys been stalking me or something?" I asked, with panic wavering my voice. "You might call it intuition, buddy. How 'bout you take a nice little trip with us?" The girls were now nearly surrounding me, and I knew it was time to get out of there. Looking around desperately for a bystander who might be willing to help, I saw that this area of the mall had become completely deserted. I began to freak out as the girls' flawless smiles became nasty, fanged leers, their skin became more pale and stretched, and their eyes began to glow an ugly blood red. "Come with us," they hissed, "We won't hurt you!" "Evan! Look out!" a familiar voice cried. The demonic teenagers whirled around to glare at Florian Alderleaf, a scrawny guy I had befriended at Boy Scouts. He was a vegetarian, and he walked kind of funny, so a bunch of kids made fun of him, but he was a good friend. The freaky girls hissed at him, and he shouted "Duck!" to me. I did as he said, and I heard the girls shriek as they disintegrated before my eyes. They burst into sickly green plumes of fire and disappeared. One of the girl's flaming purses landed on my arm and singed my exposed skin. I looked at Florian in amazement as he tucked what looked like a steampunk water pistol into his jeans. "Are you okay?" he asked, hobbling over to where I lay on the floor, crumpled in a pile of powdery sulfuric ash. "M-my arm got burnt, and I am super freaked out because I was almost mugged by a bunch of teenage demon girls, but other than that, I'm just peachy. What did you do to them?" "I sprayed those stupid empousai with a bit of greek fire, but we need to heal that burn. Here, pour some nectar on it." I'm not sure what he rubbed on my burn, but it healed instantly. Looking surprised, Florian said, "That's odd, that was a second-degree burn, and it's completely healed. It would usually take an hour or so... Wait. I'm so stupid! I mean, I knew you weren't a mortal, but I should have seen it sooner. The archery, the music, the first aid, you're obviously a son of Apollo!" "Whoa, whoa, whoa. You're telling me that the dad I've never known is a Greek god? I mean, some kids have made fun of my mom for being single, but come on! Not cool, man." "I know it's a lot to take in, so calm down. Here, come with me to a quiet place." Florian led me with halting steps to a maintenance area. He pulled a harmonica out of his pocket and played a strange, almost dissonant, tune. The door shuddered, clicked, then glowed faintly. "Alright, we won't be disturbed now. What I'm about to tell you will be crazy, but it's true. Everything in Greek mythology, the monsters, the heroes, the gods, it's all true. The things in the myths happened then, and they still happen today. Things have changed a bit, but monsters regenerate, and heroes are needed to keep them from destroying the world. That's where you come in. The gods occasionally hook up with mortals. The result is demigods. Superhumans who fight the monsters. Monsters can't stand demigods. There are thousands of years of hate that the monsters want to take out on any demigods they sense. My people try to help young demigods by getting them to a safe place, Camp Halfblood, in New York. At Camp Halfblood, you'll be able to train in safety and practice your skills. Some demigods never learn who their godly parent is, but with you, it's pretty clear. You love music, you're an incredible archer, you have a good intuition, you're good at sports, and you are great at treating injuries. Apollo is god of music, archery, prophecy, athleticism, and healing. He's also god of the sun. You love being in the sun, you are incredibly tan, and your hair shines like gold. Tell me, do you feel stronger when the sun is shining bright? When all the other kids are exhausted and sweaty from the scorching summer sun, do you feel more energised?" Feeling extremely overwhelmed, I realized that he was right, I did feel more powerful when the sun was bright. I get tired very quickly after sunset, and during the winter months, it's a struggle to stay up late. "I guess so, but how? How could this be true? I am so confused. Who are you?" "I am a satyr, part goat, part human," he said casually as he removed his jeans to reveal shaggy hindquarters. "We must hurry," he said, "There is another demigod nearby that I also want to accompany to Camp Halfblood." "Wait a second. We're going to New York? Now? What about my mom?" "She already knows. She is letting you go because it is in your best interest. Now, come, we must make haste," Suddenly, Florian froze and sniffed the air. "Monsters," he whispered. "They're close, and they're after us. Let's go!" After putting his pants back on and undoing whatever door-locking charm he had put on the door, Florian hurried me to a small, beat up moped resting in the mall's parking lot. Behind us, I heard a snarl as an enormous demonic dog raced towards us. "Hop on," Florian said with a grin, "Things are about to get fun." As soon as I was on, Florian had the battered bike swerving at high speed through the parking lot and down the street. I thought we had shaken the giant canine, but when I looked back, it was right behind us. With a worried look, Florian handed me his crazy greek fire squirt gun, hollering, "There's not too much left, but there's enough to take out that hellhound!" Taking care not to drop the weapon, I twisted around and pulled the trigger. Fiery green liquid shot out from the nozzle, hitting the hellhound right in its face. I watched as it crumbled into a heap of ash, fading into the distance. Florian then pulled the moped into a dark alley. It led to a cement courtyard behind a run down auto repair shop. The space was littered with old machine parts and oil cans. Propping the moped against an old chain link fence, Florian led me to a small wooden storage shed. He knocked on the door in a certain rythym, and it creaked open. I followed him into the shadowy shack. "Evan, this is Horatius Peregrinario Lannian, son of Hermes." "Call me Horace. I can't stand those crazy Greco-Roman names my mom gave me just because I'm a demigod." "I know what you mean. Who would ever name their child 'Evander Valerius Aurelium'? It seems cruel to me." Florian held up his hand. "Guys, we need to get moving. The sooner we get to Camp Halfblood, the better. Horace, what weapons have you managed to scrounge up for us?" "It just so happens that I was able to borrow five knives, a sword, a greek fire grenade, and this cool celestial bronze tazer from some random cyclops' lair. He nearly caught me, but I escaped." "Evan, because Horace's dad is Hermes, he is an incredible thief and one of the quickest fellows you'll ever meet. He's also quite good with first aid, though I think that Apollo beats out Hermes in that area." "Apollo, huh? You a good archer?" "Fairly good." "Well then, I've got just the thing for you. I picked up this nifty magic collapsible bow a week ago when I raided a drakon's cave in the sewers. See, it shrinks into this leather bracelet and you just wear it around your wrist, but when you need it, give it a tug, and voila! full sized functional bow. It has this crazy magic self-loading system, but unfortunately, we only have six arrows to load it with. They're really cool, though! They explode upon contact. I think they have some advanced kind of greek fire in them." "All this chatting is nice, guys, but we really need to go," Florian interrupted agitatedly. "Something is coming, and it's not happy." We felt the ground rumble as a monstrous voice roared, "Filthy, thieving half-blood! I'll smash you!" We rushed out of the door just as a nine-foot cyclops smashed through the wall of the shed. "You will die!" the cyclops screamed. Horace ran to the back door of the garage and after a slight struggle with the handle, hurried us through and slammed the door just as the cyclops reached it. Florian pulled out his harmonica to seal the door, but the cyclops smashed through it before he could finish. We rushed past tool benches and cars on lifts till we were in the parking lot. Horace went over to an old truck and jimmied the lock in a blink. Florian and I hopped in while Horace convinced the car to start without its keys. Just as the cyclops reached us, the pickup roared to life, and Horace floored the gas. Unfortunately, the cyclops was latched on to the back of the truck. Florian leaned out the window and chucked two of Horace's daggers at the giant. One of the knives completely missed the cyclops, but the other caught him on the side of the head. Roaring with indignation, the cyclops began trying to smash our truck. Horace was swerving wildly, but it seemed to have no effect on the raging giant. The rear window of the