To Headmaster Albus Dumbledore, You may or may not remember who I am, but I was once a foreign exchange student of yours several years ago. I started in my first year and had been sorted into the house of Hufflepuff. My friends were many and you may recall that I was close friends to Andromeda Black and her lovely sister Narcissa Black, this of course made me acquaintances with Lucious Malfoy, Regulus Black, Bellatrix Black, and several other infamous Wizards and Witches who either followed He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named willingly or by Imperius Curse. During my years at Hogwarts things were already becoming intense as soldiers were silently recruited for both sides of the war. By the time I reached my seventh year, I was desperate to get myself back home to California in the USA. The Blacks and Malfoys were frightening in their blood-status zealotry and I had known a great evil was on the horizon even then. Still, I would not be able to return home until a few months after I had turned 19 and so I had to keep up appearances as friends with the Blacks, especially after Andromeda disappeared. I even spent the night with an old classmate of Lucious Malfoy's thanks to a few too many drinks. I may not have seemed like much but there was a role I played amongst the Death Eaters, while still being an unofficial member of their disgusting group. Like Narcissa, I helped to provide certain support and healing when necessary. Thankfully I was able to finally escape England with the help of a couple I knew from Hogwarts; Frank and Alice Longbottom. Had they not believed me or taken pity on me I have no idea what might have become of me. This is where my son comes in. He is sixteen, almost seventeen years old. I have had to go into hiding as I have seen several supporters of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named moving about the area ever since last summer. I remember reading all about the death of that poor boy and I knew that seeing Death Eaters in this area meant that he had indeed returned. You probably already know he has been looking for his followers and those who had once aided him in his cause. Those of us who refuse to join his ranks will be killed, but I cannot allow my fear to lead me after all the kindness I was shown by the Longbottom couple. I will not dishonor them by falling back into the hands of his followers no matter how frightened I may be. I seem to have gone off topic, I apologize. There is just so much to say and make sure that you understand. Anyhow, I have been in hiding since the end of fourth year but my son's muggle guardian is no longer capable of protecting him properly, or subduing him for that matter. Emery is a very bright and powerful wizard despite what his grades and past teachers may say about him. He has also been expelled from Salem High's Academy of Witchcraft and Wizardry after a group of five boys jumped him and he retaliated by hexing them. He must be allowed to finish his schooling. If he doesn't, he will be unprepared to fend off any who may come for him. Also being a part of the public school system will only make him stand out to agents of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. If the Death Eaters ever learn that he is my son they will know who the father is and I am afraid that may make him all the more desirable. He needs to be at Hogwarts where the professors know what they are looking for and where he can be protected easier. Please Dumbledore, allow him to finish his education at your school. I can't let him become what his father was... I won't allow it. Sincerely, Amelia Hart Emery Graves sat before Albus Dumbledore in a tiny coffee shop in Salem, Massachusettes with the simple muffliato spell cast over them. The boy was dressed in faded blue jeans and a black long sleeved t-shirt. His strange eyes, the left a pale blue while the right was a dark bronze, were focused intently on a large crack running along the top of the wooden table they were seated at. His long black hair was thick with strong waves that almost curled; it had been pulled some what haphazardly into a purple elastic tie. "Do you know what happened to my mother?" Emery asked in a voice so soft that the Headmaster had nearly missed it altogether. "Mr. Graves, I am afraid that we don't have much time to spare if we are going to escape unnoticed." The old man with twinkling blue eyes replied gently. He was dressed in sky blue silk robes, his long white beard giving him his trade-mark Merlin appearance. He even wore a pair of moon crescent shaped glasses above his long crooked nose. "We must get you to the safety of Hogwarts." Immediately the Headmaster felt those odd eyes narrow upon him; anger and hate radiating all around the young man. With the same alacrity that the hostile emotions filled the room, they vanished, leaving no trace of his magical energy behind. All the same, Emery looked to him expectantly, making it silently clear that he would not leave until he knew what the Headmaster knew of his mother. "Your mother is in hiding so that she may protect you both." Albus answered, finding that hard and impatient look quite familiar. "I am aware that she is in hiding, she has been in hiding since the end of my fourth year." Emery's upper lip curled into a sneer. "Something happened in London and Mother abandoned me to some muggle friend of hers." "Mr. Graves, your mother did not tell me where she was hiding. It was a great risk to send me a letter at all and to do so on your behalf, I believe implies a great deal as to how much she must care for you." The old man said in a delicate, but firm tone. "How was the letter signed?" Emery suddenly demanded, his intense gaze hinting at a mild paranoia as he something was making him rather uneasy. "Amelia Hart, it was the same name she was known by at Hogwarts and most likely her birth name." The ease and confidence in which the Headmaster spoke seemed to help calm the teenager. "Graves was your grandmother's maiden name, was it not? This keeps your existence secret from those who would do either of you harm." Emery nodded as he stood up and looked to the man who would very soon be his Headmaster. The boy's face was impassive, almost seeming indifferent, but there was a nervous energy surrounding him that gave away the feeling of excitement for something new. While Emery might not ever admit such a thing, Albus saw it all the same. Again, something that felt vaguely familiar and yet he could not identify the individual his mind seemed to insist he was so similar to. "Follow me, Mr. Graves." Albus smiled kindly. "We have much to discuss on our journey to Hogwarts." The wind was a bit chilly against his face as he stood with several students close to his age. They were all waiting to be taken to the Hogwarts castle, and Emery had to admit that it was a rather impressive sight. The castle was enormous, with three large towers and was at least seven stories that he could see. It was beautiful in it's antiquity and while it was breathtaking to behold it was also intimidating, especially with the heavy magical aura that he could feel emanating from the massive building and it's grounds. "Who do you reckon that is?" Ginny asked Hermoine as the two girls took note of the tall young man observing the castle for what was most likely the first time. "He is in plain robes, but with no house colors." "Must be a transfer student." Hermoine guessed as she focused on the teenager. "He could probably see the castle better if he took off those sunglasses." Emery was indeed wearing a pair of rectangled black shades and he had better hearing than either girl seemed to realize as they continued to talk about him as if he wasn't there. His lips twisted upward into a smirk as he turned to face them. "Perhaps I am blind." His voice carried to the girls as they both blushed. "Or I maybe I am getting a feel of the magical aura of my new home and don't want my sight to interfere?" "I am so sorry, I had no idea that you could..." Hermoine cut herself off before she made herself sound really stupid. "I am Hermoine Granger, 6th year; and this is Ginny Weasley, 5th year." Ginny, Emery noted, was a cute kind of girl with red hair, red freckles and the typically fair skin that came along with the red features. She was as tall as Hermoine, if not a half inch to an inch taller. She had a fierce and challenging look upon her face that warned she was ready for anything, that she was everything a brave young Gryffindor ought to be. He wondered how many brothers she had. She wasn't wearing make-up, her hair wasn't put up in any special way and she seemed very much like a tomboy. She definitely had to have at least two brothers. "A pleasure to meet you both." He continued to smile, though both girls got the feeling he was laughing at them. "I'm Emery. I just transferred from Salem High's Academy of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I am also a 6th year student." Two boys made their way over to Emery, Hermoine and Ginny. One was a red head who looked quite similar to Ginny wearing hand-me-down robes and the other was Harry Potter. He knew it immediately by the lightning bolt scar, the green eyes and the unkempt black hair. He was world famous and there wasn't a witch or wizard alive who didn't know of Harry Potter and his escape from death. "Who is this?" Harry asked the girls as he looked to the new kid. "What kind of prat wears sunglasses at night?" Ron whispered to Harry. "His name is Emery." Hermoine introduced leveling Ron with a glare. "Emery this is Harry Potter and Ronald Weasley." "What house do you think you want to be in?" Ronald asked, though he kept looking at the boy's face with annoyance, clearly bothered by his wearing of sunglasses. "The headmaster told me a little bit about the houses. Hufflepuff, stubborn and loyal. Ravenclaw, intelligent and boastful. Gryffindor, brave and self-righteous and Slytherin, cunning and treacherous." He shrugged. "My mother was a Hufflepuff during her time here." Harry groaned. "Well if the Sorting Hat knows that you may very well end up a Hufflepuff as it usually sorts you based on family." Hermoine rolled her eyes. "That's not always true. Parvati and Padma Patil are twins and they are each in different houses. Family doesn't always determine house and there is nothing wrong with being a Hufflepuff." "'Cept of course that they never win the house cup. Or the quidditch cup. Or anything really, for that matter." Ron laughed. "They're kind of a pathetic lot." While Hermoine looked very angry, none of the others in her little group seemed too bothered by Ron's assertion. Even Emery had given somewhat of a half smirk, though she did find it hard to tell if it was sarcastic or sincere. Not being able to see his eyes, Hermoine found that his face was difficult to read accurately. "It's highly unlikely that I will end up a Hufflepuff. I am far too proud of myself and my accomplishments to be as humble as they are. Nor do I feel a need to be loyal