Hello! I'm back with the first chapter of my new story! This is a modern AU and written entirely from Peeta's POV. I got this idea in my head when I was about halfway through Where We Can't Be Safe, and since I hadn't seen this idea done before, I decided to go for it. :) Right now I'm planning on weekly updates, so you shouldn't have to wait too long between chapters. I need to thank my excellent beta and mentor hpfanonezillion for her wonderful help, both with the story itself, and soothing my frazzled nerves over posting a story like this. This story will contain references to the Bible, God, Jesus, and prayer. There will be a lot of music lyrics and some prayers sprinkled throughout, as well as Bible verses and celebrations of Christian holidays. If this troubles you, then I would suggest looking elsewhere. However, if you're a fan of TobyMac and other contemporary Christian music, then I think you will love this story. :) There will also be plenty of references to Marvel movies, cheese buns, and football. ;) XXXXXXXX "I hate to say this, because I don't want it to look like I think this isn't a good cause," my friend Delly Cartwright says as we unpack the boxes of bright green t-shirts. She points to the beautifully lettered sign tacked up over one of the doorways. The sign that says, 'Bring a Friend, Give a Chicken'. "But that line is really funny." I can't help but laugh. "Yeah, it does sound a little odd," I say as I lift another pile of shirts out of the box and brush them free of cardboard residue. I shake one of the shirts out and show it to her. "But at least the shirts don't say that." We're sitting on the floor of the church atrium early Saturday afternoon, where in just a few hours people will be lining up to claim their new shirt, along with the friend they invited to qualify for the prize in the first place. Delly picks one up and looks at it closely. Written across the front in that large, semi-cursive font that's so popular lately, are the words 'Love God, Feed People', directly above a picture of a chicken. And for every person who brings a new friend to one of the three church services this weekend, both the bringer and the friend will get one of these lovely t-shirts, and our church will donate a live chicken to a poor family living in El Salvador. "At least it looks like an actual chicken," Delly says. "The last time we did something like this I think they had one of the three-year old kids draw the picture. This time it almost looks like a five- or six-year old drew it." Then she glances at me and winks. "Gee thanks," I say as I grab the shirt from her hands and fold it back up. "You know I drew the picture this time!" Delly giggles. She knows darn well that I drew the chicken picture, and lettered the sign hanging on the wall. Just like I design all of the other logos and such for the church. I'm one of the small group leaders for the Young Adults ministry here at Mountainside Church, which is located near the top of one of the smaller peaks in the Blue Ridge Mountains in Virginia. "So," Delly says as we start arranging the various piles by size. "Are you bringing a friend this weekend, Peeta?" I sigh. "No," I say sheepishly. As group leaders we're supposed to set a good example, but lately my circle of friends has tightened enough that pretty much everyone I know is either already a member of Mountainside Church or attends a different church in the area. "I've really been too busy to meet any new people lately." Delly scoffs. "You work at the coffee shop, Peeta!" she exclaims. "It should be easy for you to meet new people." "I'm a pastry chef, Delly," I say, a little too harshly. Delly's eyes widen and I quickly apologize. "I'm sorry, Dell. But it's not that easy to meet people when I'm in the back baking all the time." Delly nods sympathetically. She knows how busy I am, trying to put myself through Bible college. One of the many ways our church makes its mark in our community is through the coffee shop that we own, where I work as the only full-time pastry chef. There's another girl who bakes there part-time, but chances are if you come into our Mountainside Coffee Shop on any given day and order a croissant or cookie, it's one that I've baked. I attend my Bible college classes in the afternoons and evenings, with the occasional class completed online. I'm in the beginning of my fourth year now, having started a year late because I couldn't scrape together my first tuition payment until then. "Well," Delly says as we finish arranging the shirts behind the counter. "I'm bringing someone." "Oh?" I'm not surprised in the least. Delly and Thom, her fiancé, are always finding people to invite to church. Thom is the production designer and director at our church and also attends the same Bible college as me. "And who might that be?" Delly winks at me. "Remember that girl I told you about? From the Community Center? I'm bringing her." Delly recently started taking archery lessons at the Community Center, which is next to the Kroger grocery store about twenty minutes down the mountain. Delly doesn't own a car, so most days after her kindergarten class is dismissed she walks the ten minutes or so to the Community Center, where Thom works part-time, to wait for him to finish his workday. One day while she was waiting she decided she was bored and signed up for some archery lessons. Her instructor, Delly told me, is a young woman who moved to the area about six months ago. "Really?" I say in surprise as I awkwardly stand back up. "She finally gave into your badgering, huh?" "Oh Peeta, if anyone needs to know about the love of Jesus, it's her," Delly says. "I've tried opening up to her about myself a few times, trying to get her to talk to me, but she's still very closed off, almost like she's suspicious. I do know that she's twenty-one years old and lives with her uncle, but that's about it." "Hmm," I reply as I head over towards the little cafe area to start arranging the food trays there. I spent most of yesterday's shift at the coffee shop baking the treats that will be sold at the services this weekend. There's doughnuts, croissants, brownies, frosted cookies in the shape of mountains, and a personal favorite, cheese buns. "You guys!" I hear from behind me once I'm about halfway to the cafe. "You'll never guess what's just happened!" I turn around with an amused smile on my face. Cassandra Hanson, the wife of our music leader Pastor Thresh, is waving a letter in her hand, trying to keep it out of reach of her husband who's playfully trying to get it back from her. "What is it?" Delly asks. "Tell us, tell us!" Cassandra stops right in front of us, smirking as she hands the letter back to Thresh. "TobyMac is coming in concert down in Richmond the Thursday after Easter," she begins. "Oh, oh, oh!" Delly exclaims. "Does that mean Mandisa is coming too? They usually tour together!" "Um, yeah," Cassandra continues, sounding distracted. "But that's not the best part. This letter is an invitation to all the music pastors in the greater Virginia area to come and audition to sing with him onstage! Specifically, they're looking for someone to sing the rap parts in his collaborative songs!" My eyes widen. Thresh has several original songs written that I know he's been eager to have recorded, but our church has told him that he needs to raise at least half the funds himself, or find a recording studio willing to record them. But if he's invited to sing with TobyMac, wow. The doors that could open are too many to count! "Well, of course you're going to audition, aren't you Thresh?" Delly asks. "I mean, this is the opportunity of a lifetime!" "Ya'll, I don't know!" Thresh says in his deep voice. "I just don't know if I have what it takes to sing Lecrae's parts. I mean, he's Lecrae! And for TobyMac? I just don't know." "But you already know all the songs," I say. "You wouldn't even have to practice. We do most of those songs for Sunday Night service, and you know how much the kids love you!" "See, I told you!" Cassandra says, linking her arm through her husband's, her pale skin and light brown hair such a sharp contrast to Thresh's dark skin and hair. "I think you should!" "Pastor Thresh, I can't even understand why you're hesitating!" Delly says. "You might even be able to get your album recorded! I mean, what if TobyMac's record producer is there? He'll hear you and probably trip over himself wanting to record your album!" Thresh's deep brown eyes skim over the letter again, his brow furrowing as he reads. "All right, I'll do it." "Yay!" Cassandra squeals, throwing her arms around his neck. "That's wonderful!" "Yeah, like I had a choice!" Thresh mumbles. He's smiling though. "When's the audition?" I ask. Thresh glances back at the letter. "It's in six weeks, from today," he says. His eyes widen. "I better get practicing!" Then he kisses his wife quickly on the cheek and heads directly for the auditorium. "Wow, what an opportunity!" Delly says. "That would be so wonderful for Thresh!" "Yes," Cassandra says. "If we can get his album recorded, then all we need to do is find Peeta a wife and I'd say my work is done for a while." She winks at me, and I try to smile, but her comment digs deeper than I'd like to admit. My dream job once I graduate from Bible college is to be a Teen Pastor, preferably here at Mountainside Church. But we don't even have a specific teen ministry, and I don't even have a girlfriend. It wouldn't bother me so much if it wasn't for the fact that the vast majority of churches are reluctant to hire pastors who aren't married, or at the very least engaged. The risk of something being misunderstood is just far too high with an unmarried pastor. Especially an almost twenty-three year old, unmarried pastor who's in charge of a bunch of teenagers. And really. What self-respecting girl would want me? I don't even have all of my limbs anymore. Delly helps me stock the cafe after Cassandra heads back to her office. Once we're done I tell her I'll see her later and walk the mile back to my studio apartment over the coffee shop to take a quick nap. I'm awake before 5am every morning except Sunday since the coffee shop opens at 6am, and I worked extra hours yesterday baking the items for this weekend's services. Then the two nights before that I stayed up late studying for an exam I have to take on Monday, so a nap sounds really nice right now. I let myself into the tiny apartment and flop down on my futon, barely getting my shoes off before falling asleep. I must've been more tired than I thought, because it's already 5pm by the time I wake up, and service starts at 6pm. I guess I forgot to set an alarm. I bolt up on the futon, quickly changing into a clean shirt before brushing my teeth and jamming my shoes back on. I grab my wallet and my old orange iPhone 5c and race out the back door. I debate driving my moped down instead of walking,