Disclaimer: I do not own anything from the 'Hunger Games', only my own creations and ideas. I really hope this story turns out well. I have been contemplating on whether or not if I should make a story including Cato. I think what I have so far is good. I just hope that it will be something interesting. I want to keep Cato alive and go through all of the books... maybe.. with my OC and him together. I will have Katniss and Peeta as well because they will all turn into friends later on. I will try my hardest to keep away from Katniss and what she went through with Peeta being gone and all, but that comes later on. Lol. Hmm... I might actually need suggestions and opinions about this story and if I might have to add anything to make everything clear. *sighs* Just make sure it's good opinions and not mean ones. I allow critiques, but if it's something unnecessary then I won't take it to mind. ^_^' Blah, too much typing. I accidentally uploaded this chapter without editing it... ugh. So now I have to go in and fix the dang thing. Haha. Peace guys! Hope you like it so far. When I was younger, my father would take my brother and me to his meetings. They were all held at different districts since my father was the bodyguard and sole advisor to the mayor of district seven. My brother and I had a lot of fun while visiting the districts. We made many friends – one boy and girl in particular. My father and the mayor grew up together and were best of friends. So why not choose my father as advisor and bodyguard? The mayor of our district was a fairly skinny man. He was 6'2" in frame, had long arms, spidery legs and a small upper torso. My father on the other hand was a big man – 6'1", big chested, 30 inches around his biceps, had huge, muscled legs. Being from district seven you would think that every man would be built. But, I guess lumber jacking wasn't every man's dream. Though all the girls were supposed to work in the house and help the men do other daily activities, I was always outside with my father. He taught me how to climb trees and use the hand axe to chop off smaller branches. Of course, he also taught me how to hunt in the forest using a bow, knives and axes. My brother was too little to go out in the forest and help the men, so he stayed in the house and helped our nanny around the house. I guess you might be wondering why I never mentioned my mother. She passed away while giving birth to my brother Oliver. I was only five at the time, so I don't really know that much about her. But, I do remember that she was a very beautiful woman and always loved to sing while playing the guitar or piano. She was always smiling and never had any doubts about her loved ones. I had many neighbors tell me that I looked exactly like my mother, but I never really acknowledged it. I guess I was too much of a tomboy… or maybe I really didn't want to think about my mother. Later on when I turned of age to receive tessera, my father told me to not sign up for it. He also told Oliver to never sign up for it either. My father said that we could survive on other things – me and my brother's hunting skills, his wages he got from work, different bark from trees, roots, etcetera. For five years we survived on wild game, milk from my brother's cow Tessa and the money from my father. It was a hard five years, but we managed. Dad and I taught Oliver everything we knew about surviving for the Hunger Games – making traps, jumping from tree to tree, throwing weapons, knowing what to eat and what not to eat; using your head! Oliver was of age now, so his name would finally be in the drawing along with mine. Though many higher citizens do not get called to go to into the games, it doesn't mean that we will never get called. Father once told me that the mayor's first son was called into the games a long time ago. He didn't come home that year. My father was positive that neither of his children would be called in the games. I'm sorry to say that my brother was one. I, on the other hand, volunteered to save my brother's girlfriend from going in… It was the day of the reaping – sun shining through my curtains, birds chirping. Looked like it would be a wonderful day to be happy about, but really, who is happy on the day of the reaping? No on, that's who! I was in bed having a dream about flying with the birds, when to my horror my door slams open and in comes my brother screaming, "Elora! Elora, wake up! It's time to get ready for the reaping. I'm already dressed and dad has breakfast going." I feel a body jump on my stomach and I instantly bolt straight up, knocking Oliver off the bed and onto the floor. I hear an 'Oof' and I groggily reply, "Sorry, Oliver, really I am. But, do you really have to jump on me? You could have just gently shaken me awake." I rub my eyes and blink a few times. Oliver stands, wipes the dirt from his clothes and retorts, "Yeah, like I could shake you awake! You're like a rock- dead to the world!" I glare in his direction for a few seconds but then burst out laughing. He smiles and then helps me out of bed. I don't know why he feels the need to help me all the time. I know I'm his only sister, and he feels the need to protect me, but sometimes I want to be the one to protect him. I make my way to the shower and tell Oliver to tell dad that I will be downstairs in a bit. He nods and walks down the stairs, heading to the kitchen. I walk into the bathroom and stare at the mirror. I sigh and start taking out my braid. I wonder who will be getting called this time. Hopefully it's no one I know. I don't want to watch someone I know go into the arena and end up dying. I hop out of my underclothes and turn on the faucet. I put my hand in the running water to see if it would be warm enough. Luckily it's just right this time and I jump in the shower. In less than 10 minutes I am out of the shower and dressed in a brown summer dress. I don't normally wear dresses, but here lately I have been having the urge to dress more like a girl. I towel dry my hair and let my waves of hair fall down my shoulders. I have naturally wavy hair, so I don't need to do anything with it. I step into a pair of sandals and head downstairs to eat. My father looks up from his plate of food and says, while eating, "'Ewwo, weetie." I stifle a laugh and sit down where a plate of food awaits me. Oliver spits out some of his food while laughing and puts a hand over his mouth, chuckling. Dad swallows and continues, "Sorry, dearest. I meant to say 'hello sweetie'. Did you sleep okay?" I nod in reply. "That's lovely, dear. Oliver tells me that you sleep like a rock." Looking in Oliver's direction he asks, "How long did it take you to wake her up this time?" Oliver scoops up a piece of egg and hash brown saying, "Only about five minutes. Normally it would have taken more, but this time I jumped on her." He stuffs the food in his mouth and swallows. I roll my eyes and retort, "Yeah, but that only caused you to flip off the bed and land on the floor. Was it worth it, really, to get hurt in the process of waking me up?" "It sure was, sis. I would do it many times over to see the look you had on your face." He mimics what I did this morning and laughs. Father shakes his head and holds in his own laughter. I glance his way and he makes a straight face. Looking at the eggs as my enemy, I poke them with my fork and shove them in my mouth. Once I look back up I see them both staring at me. I swallow my food and laugh loudly at their expressions. They look to one another and laugh as well. Man, I love my family. I finish my breakfast and put my plate in the sink. I ask Oliver and my dad if they are done and they nod. I take their plates and set them in the sink as well. I start washing the dishes. When dad says that it's getting to be that time I stop what I'm doing and dry my hands off. Oliver looks at dad and asks, "Do you think we will get called this time, dad? Or maybe even someone we know?" He looks to his shoes and then back up to face our father. Shaking his head, dad replies, "I don't know, son. I just don't know." Dad places a hand on Oliver's shoulder and gently squeezes. He sighs and then looks to me, "Elora, dear, come on. It's time we get going." I smile and walk outside the front door. Oliver's hand is placed in mine. I don't know if he's doing it because he's scared or thinks I'm scared. But either way, I'm glad for the warmth of his hand. We drop hands as we are placed in separate lines – girls in one, boys in the other. I finally reach a white table and hold my hand out for the Peacekeeper to prick. The lady smiles at me, but I just keep a straight face. I hate these people. They think they are doing the good of mankind, but really they aren't. I've seen some of my neighbors being whipped for something unnecessary. I feel a sharp prick in my forefinger and clench my jaw. She did that on purpose. I pull my hand from her grasp and stick my finger in my mouth to keep the blood from dripping on my hand. I pull a fake smile and walk in the direction of the other girls. I look around for Oliver. He's somewhere between the other boys, for I can't make him out. I sigh and look to the podium. We listen to a sermon for a few minutes about why we are placed in the Hunger Games and yada, yada. I tune everything out. I have heard this sermon numerous times since my name has been in the drawing. I roll my eyes when I see a colorful woman walk on stage holding her hands delicately out in front of her. Her hair is a bright green and her clothing looks something of a clown, though not as poofy and horrifying. Her name is Petunia. You would think, since her name is after a flower, she would resemble one. Alas, she does not. Her voice suddenly shouts out through the microphone, "Hello to District Seven! I bet everyone is delighted to be here this morning. I am!" She giggles while the rest of us are silent. "Well we should get this drawing over with, shouldn't we? Okay!" She walks over a bowl with little white paper inside. Each one is covered in our names, possibly even more paper with the same name written on it.