Disclaimer - I don't own Lord of the Rings or any of its characters. Will You Marry Me? In Rivendell, time seems to stay still. Years may go by and some believe that it was only days. The beauty and peace captivates its inhabitants and its visitors. Found in the gardens, was a little child and a beautiful elf, leaning against a magnificant oak tree. Most would be baffled by their company. Men and elves? A child and a full-grown elf? A boy and an elleth ( elf maiden )? The two didn't care what others thought of them. In fact, neither of them had a care in the world that moment. Estel, adopted son of Elrond, rested upon Arwen's lap, playing with her long hair. Arwen, daughter of Elrond, leaned against the tree, singing softly in the peaceful afternoon. " That sounded nice, Arwen," the boy yawned, once she had finished her last song. " Where did you learn to sing songs? Can you teach me too?" " I learned from my mother," Arwen said, carefully concealing her grief from the boy. " She had the best voice and she taught me how to sing. She often would sing to me and my brothers before we would sleep. Ada ( father/daddy ) would sometimes join us too. He had an amazing voice as well ..." Her voice trailed off, choked up in the memories. Lady Celebrian was a kind and graceful creature. She loved everyone and everything, as they loved her. The birds sang in her honour and the flowers blossomed beautifully in her wake. No one loved her more than her husband and children. Fate was too cruel to have her kidnapped and tortured in the hands of orcs. Elrond tried everything in his power to heal her. But the scars in her soul tormented her and soon, she sailed away to Valinor, leaving her loved ones behind. Celebrian's essence remained in Rivendell. Especially her gardens, where she had tended it with great care and love. It forced Arwen to leave and live with her grandparents instead. For long years, she stayed there, away from her father and brothers. One day, Lady Galadriel and Lord Celeborn decided to visit their son-in-law and grandsons. Arwen reluctantly decided to go too. She loved her father and brothers fondly but memories of her mother threatened to break Arwen's gentle soul. However, the day they arrived in Rivendell, a new sprout of love appeared into their lives. He was a mortal, no more than four winters. He had dark brown curls and silver-blue eyes. It surprised Arwen to see such a sight in Rivendell, for rarely mortals resided in Rivendell, even for rest and refuge. His next words surprised her all the more. The boy tugged on Elrond's robes, whispering in that loud, innocent voice of a child. " Who are she, ada?" "She" could possibly refer to her grandmother or the maidens that accompanied Galadriel and herself. But the boy had eyes only for Arwen. When she stopped in front of him, the boy clumsily bowed. " You're really pretty," he said breathlessly. A blush appeared on her pale cheeks. Arwen was surprised at her own shyness at meeting this child. She heard plenty of compliments before and all were quite lavished. Yet this small praise from the little one sent her emotions on a whirlwind. The sniggers from her brothers didn't help at all. " Why thank you," she smiled at him. " May I ask what your name is, tithen pen ( little one )?" " Estel," the child replied, with a bright smile that melted Arwen's heart at once. From that day on, they were nearly inseparable. Arwen clearly saw the effect Estel had on her family. He captured all of their hearts, from the once "cold-hearted" Erestor to even the normally stoic Haldir. The Balrog slayer Glorfindel acted childishly as he gave piggy-back rides to Estel, neighing like a horse simply because Estel requested the dramatic effect. Elladan and Elrohir had life in their eyes again as they tickled their new brother, no longer thinking of revenge. Her father had gotten over his grief and devoted his time and love to Estel. When she was told of Estel's true identity, pity and compassion filled her heart. His real name was Aragorn, son of Arathorn, the last of Isildur's line. A mere two years ago, he had lived with his father and mother before orcs raided the Ranger camp. He was the only one who survived. Even now, Arwen didn't see a warrior from the days of old. There was no battle-hardened man, dressed in chain mail or commanding thousands of soldiers to war. She didn't see a kingly figure, one that would bring hope back to his people. All she saw was Estel. A small kiss blessed her cheek, waking her from the past. " Don't cry, Arwen," Estel begged, sensing that his big sister was sad. He hated it when he saw someone sad. Especially if it was his own family. " I won't let anything bad happen. I promise. It's my job to protect you." The determined look on his face reminded Arwen a lot of her brothers. They loved her dearly, for Elladan and Elrohir were like her great watchdogs. And Estel was already her third watchdog at such a young age. Smiling weakly, the elleth cupped Estel's hands. " Thank you. I won't cry anymore. I am happy that I am protected by you." Her reply was a cheerful grin and another gifted kiss. Estel rested his head back in Arwen's lap. " Where did Dan and Ro go?" he asked sleepily. " I think they went hunting," Arwen calmly said. The truth was, they were preparing for Estel's fifth birthday. All the elves were keeping it quiet and so they decided that Arwen would be the best distraction for the boy. " Have you seen the look he was giving you when you two first met?" Glorfindel smiled mischievously. " One could swear that the boy is love-struck." " Estel? Love-struck? Not if the Valar can help it," Erestor shook his head at the very thought of it. " He's just a four year old boy. What does he know about love?" " Much. Appartently from Elladan and Elrohir. Since they have been reading him the Lay of Beren and Luthien," Elrond chuckled. " The Lay of Beren and Luthien?" Arwen shot her brothers an amused look. " Of all stories you have read to him, you had chosen the Lay of Beren and Luthien, the tale of our ancestors?" " Why yes, dear sister," Elladan smirked. " He's pretty interested in it too," added Elrohir. " I was surprised that Estel would be. I thought he would be more interested in that one incident with Glorfindel poking Gandalf's ..." " What incident about Glorfindel and Mithrandir?" Haldir walked into the conversation, raising an eyebrow to the Balrog slayer. " Nothing." Glorfindel glared at the twins fiercely, daring them to speak. " We were simply talking about Estel's coming birthday. Now, we need a distraction to keep him occupied for at least a few days. He is a bright boy and will surely suspect something." " Why not Lady Arwen?" The marchwarden of Lothlorien suggested, as if it was the most logical thing in Middle Earth. " We already suggested it. However, Arwen seems to have disbelief that she is suited for the task," sniggered Elrohir. " I am not in disbelief," she defensively said. " It is disbelief," Elladan piped up. " Our little Arwen having disbelief?" Lord Celeborn's voice joined in, his eyes twinkling. " That I have not seen in a long time." " It is not uncommon for a young elleth such as Arwen not to," Galadriel smoothly stepped in beside her husband. Arwen was getting thoroughly annoyed now. Was every elf in Rivendell and Lothlorien know of the little boy's endearment to her? " It is not disbelief I have," she protested. " It is merely ... confusion." " Confusion? I think not, Arwen," her father gently contradicted. " We all heard what he thought you were when you first met." Elrond smiled lovingly at his daughter's faint blush. It takes a father to know all. " Estel did call you his angel ..." " It's really pretty here." Estel's voice brought Arwen out of her thoughts. She smiled distractedly at him. " Yes, it does," she absently said, stroking Estel's head. " These gardens look a lot like the ones back at Lothlorien." Suddenly, Estel sat up, staring at Arwen with distraught eyes. " When will you go back?" There was a sadness in his voice that Arwen never heard before. At times, the child can show amazing maturity for his age. " In a few days," she replied softly, trying to delay the inevitable. But she promised she won't leave until Estel's birthday party. " Will you be back soon?" Estel's face immediately lit up, hoping that his Arwen will come back to visit him. " I don't know, tithen pen." Arwen omitted the fact that everything in Rivendell still painfully reminded her of her mother. " Perhaps in the springtime, I will come back." But doubt flitted in Estel's mind. What if something bad happened and he will never see his angel again? Wrapped warmly in Arwen's arms, the boy leaned against her, sighing comfortably. " Will you marry me, Arwen?" he unexpectedly asked. The elleth was very much surprised. Not that she was surprised at the question itself. She had been asked many times before. Yet it was the little one that surprised her. " And why do you ask such a question, Estel?" she asked, trying to keep her heart from fluttering too much. " If you marry me, then you'll never have to go away!" Estel beamed happily, snuggling close to her. " Oh, Estel. I will never leave you." She bestowed upon his forehead a kiss. He giggled, his laughter like gentle raindrops and music in the air. " And do you know what? You're my favourite little brother." " Really?" Estel squealed. " Does that mean you will marry me?" Arwen hesitated. She didn't want to give the boy wrong assumptions. It would hurt him deeply to realize that she was merely jesting. Estel probably didn't even understand the meaning of getting married. She didn't want to see the rejection and hurt in his eyes like she did when many elves proposed to her, only to be politely declined. But suddenly, Arwen thought about the dangers Estel will have to take, once he knew his heritage and fate. She thought about the many battles he would fight in and the losses he would suffer. The friends and enemies he would meet. The joy and sorrow he would endure. She thought about the sweet smile on his face and how his innocence will soon be lost. But to see that joy in her father's face, wasn't Estel worth that? Wasn't it worth it to see her brothers laugh and Glorfindel and Erestor become children again? To see her grandparents contently play with their new grandson? To see all of Rivendell finally at peace? Wouldn't it be worth all of that? " Yes, Estel. I will marry you." -- o -- O -- o -- Years later, a man rested against an elleth's lap as she sang songs in the beautiful afternoon. Rivendell hardly changed. Arwen still looked as beautiful as she was those past years ago. But the boy in her lap, had changed considerably. His curls were no more, transformed into dark brown waves. His chubby, childish face changed into a handsome, stubble-faced man. Before, his entire body could fit into her lap. Now, only his head could. " It seemed like only a memory that we once sat underneath this tree." Aragorn closed his eyes, breathing in the