So I am kind of jumping from story to story… I'm writing a, hopefully, better LOTR story I don't own. Enjoy! By the way, the name of my main character, her first, middle, and last, are all Russian! Anastasia's POV This is not good, this is really, REALLY not good! The snarling from the creepy zombie looking things behind me caused another screech to escape from my throat. Okay, Anastasia, sing to yourself! That'll help! "If you're happy and you know it, clap your hand! If you're happy and you know it, clap your hands! If you're happy and you know it and you really wanna show it if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands!...I'm not happy!" I squealed, jumping over a tree root and then slipping on a patch of mud. "Yeah, that was graceful! Shizz! I'm in the Matrix!" I gasped, picking myself up and wiped mud off my face. Whipping my head back, I heard the gross things coming closer so I did what Jesus would do; I climbed under the little cave thingy the tree made and curled up in the fetal position. I held my breath and gnawed at my dirty fingernails until they passed me by. Their black blood/mud caked bodies and boots hopped over my safe haven and started to run. But, because I'm oh so lucky, they slowed to a stop. The thing leading the other things snapped back around and sniffed the air. He had dread locks, black skin, beady black eyes, and a white hand print on his face. Wow. Work it, bro! "She's around here somewhere." He gurgled and spit flew from his wormy lips, "Search for her!" Oh no, please don't do that… One stepped right in front of me, causing me to gasp and scurry backwards. Bad move. He dropped down on his knees and reached his hideous hand out and grabbed my ankle. The rest of the zombies roared in excitement and the leading zombie grabbed me by my hair. "Ow! Hey, let go, you-you…what the hell are you?" I kicked and shouted. They all gave a laugh and poked and probed me asking "what is it?" and "can we eat it?". NO! "Oh, you wouldn't like me…I'm a vegetarian so I'd only taste like salad. Sexy beasts like you don't eat salad, right? Honking men like you want meat! Grrr!" I said in my best 'man voice'. They spoke amongst themselves for a moment, before one let out a scream and when I looked, I saw an arrow embedded in its chest. Suddenly, a bunch of blonde ladies burst from the thick trees and shot arrow after arrow at the scattering zombies. The one holding me flung a few feet away and took off at a dead sprint in the opposite direction, a handful of the girls running after them. "Hahaha, biatch! Can't touch this!" I yelled after the biggest zombie who had pulled my hair. My victory soon came to an end when one of the women-oh, oops, they were guys-gripped my arm and dragged me up. One asked me something, but I didn't understand it because he said it Spanish, so I answered as best I could, "No habla Español…" wow, I am the whitest person alive. The way I said it…I might as well have a sign that reads 'White washed!' stapled on my shirt. "Do you understand Westron?" they asked in a language I actually understood. "Er, if 'Westron' is English…" I mumbled and twirled the ends of my hair, which I'm known to do whenever I'm nervous or extremely tired. "The Common Tongue." Another said, clearly exasperated. "Listen, all I know is you're speaking English right now. Earlier you were speaking Spanish. Call it whatever you want! English, Westron, or the Common Tongue, it's all the same to me! Except Spanish!" I snapped and spun on my heel to walk away. Letting out a growl, the first Blondie grabbed my arm and dragged me to the center on the Circle of Friends he had going on with the other Blondes. "You are not permitted to leave. You have entered the Golden Wood, now you must be taken to the Lady." And with that, he nudged me forward and someone tied a blindfold around my eyes. "Lucky for you, we are only a day's walk from our destination. If we move quickly, we can make it to the Lady by nightfall. That is if Yrrch don't slow us down." We walked a few paces before something dawned on me, "I have a bag with my stuff in it under those roots somewhere over there! Please let me take it!" a few murmurs in Spanish, someone sighing, and a blink of an eye later, I had my backpack slung over my shoulder. "Someone check the bag. We don't know this girl and I don't trust humans like the elves from Imladris do." Leader Blondie snapped, "She could be a spy of Sauron. Or even an assassin." Puh-leease! "Oh yeah, dude, I'm such a huge threat. I mean, check out all of this just…huge muscles." I pointed to my pale, scrawny arms, "and check out this wicked sword." I motioned towards my hip that only had my jeans and a belt on it, "Oh wait, there isn't one!" This got a few chuckled out of some of the people in the Blonde Squad, but the Chief Blonde just growled and grabbed my arm to lead me. After they thoroughly searched me and clarified I wasn't a threat, we started out trek to god knows where. Ten minutes. We've been walking for ten minutes and already I'm bored out of my mind! So, what do people do when they are bored and blindfolded? You guessed it! "Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe!" I continued on with the song until I realized I was the only one making noise. All of the other he-she's that were once speaking quietly to each other were silent. "Oh that's embarrassing! How long have I been singing that? Pssh, Carly Rae Jespen sucks! I hate that song!" There was a pause before someone said, "For someone who hates that song, she was very enthusiastic about singing it." "Whoever said that, shut up!" I snapped and crossed my arms over my chest, "Rude! Didn't you're mother ever teach you not to tell secrets? Shame on you!" woah, this must be really funny from someone else's perspective. I mean, I'm 4'9" and I'm telling off a mountain of a dude. Plus, he has arrow, I just have…converse…and a belt. "I would advise you not to speak that way to any of us." Some other guy said. Ignoring him, I said, "So where exactly am I?" "In the Golden Wood." The head honcho said. "Is that somewhere in like, San Francisco? Or is it some exotic place in the Netherlands? Or in New Zealand?" I rambled. "I don't know any of those places." "Well I don't know this place." "Lothlorien…" "Loth-where-ian?" I stumbled over loose stones, but someone caught my shoulder to steady me. "Lothlorien. That is the only explanation there is, other than Middle Earth." I heard him leap over something, and then I felt arms grip my waist and lift my skyward. "I've never heard of Middle Earth." "Where do you hail from? You're clothing is strange, you speak strange, you have strange markings on your skin, your eyelashes are abnormally long, there are black marks on your eyelids. And you have too many earring in your ears, there is an earring in your lip and one in your nose, when you were lifted up I saw a stranger earring in your stomach along with weird markings on your hips." He continued to rant about my abnormalities. "I hail from Boston, Massachusetts on planet Earth. My clothes are normal to people there. The strange markings are tattoos-by the way, mine are small and dainty in comparison to some people-, my eyelashes are covered in mascara which make them slightly longer than normal, the black lines on my eyelids is eyeliner. I have three rings in each earlobe, and my cartilage pierced in my left ear and both tragus's. The earring in my lip is actually a lip ring and same goes for my nose being a nose ring and my bellybutton being a bellybutton ring. And there are tattoos on my hips and one on my back. But, again, all my tattoos are small." I let out a huge breath. "Still, the only normal thing I've noticed about you is your hair and eyes." He said after a long while. My hair is light brown with shades of darker and blonde natural highlights, it has naturally curly ringlets that go down a little above my hips and I have regular light brown eyes. Big whoop. "And where is this 'Boston, Massachusetts from planet Earth', I've certainly never heard of it." "Well I've never heard of Lothlorien/Golden Wood from Middle Earth." I shot back. You know that feeling you get when you feel like you have to pee…and then you have to pee? Yeah, that's me! "Hey, can I take the blindfold off for a second?" I asked to no one in particular. "No." said the ever recognizable voice of Captain Fair Hair. "But it's important!" I pleaded. "I said no." "PLEASE!" I squealed. "You are more persistent and disrespectful than a knee high elfling." He scolded. What? "Uhh I don't know what that means. But seriously, dude, take the blindfold off." "No." "I'll scream." I threatened. "No." "I'll bite." "No." "I'll cry." "That's entertaining." "Sadist. I'll kill myself." "No one will stop you." "Bitch. I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll scream." "You already said you'd do that." "I meant it." "Mhh, still no." "I'll hate you forever." "That's alright." … … … "No more threats?" he condescendingly asked. "I'll spread rumors that you…are a woman." "This company knows my very well. As do all who inhabit Lothlorien. I am not a woman." "Whatever, ma'am." I'm going to explode! Son of a crap! "Hey, hey you." I whispered. "Yes?" he answered. "Can you un-blindfold me now?" "I am not going to dignify that with an answer." He said airily. "You just answered me!" Think of the desert, Anastasia, think of how dry and sandy it is! Don't think of…waterfalls… Oh man! "Okay, okay, I'll say it. To hell with embarrassment! I really, really need to pee!" I said with an exaggerated sadness. He sighed heavily and said, "Rumil, take her." "What? No! He's a male! I'm a female!" "So?" some other guy said. "So, RAPE!" I shrieked. There were a few light hearted laughs. "I honestly doubt that Rumil will rape you." I heard. "Are you implying that I am ugly?" I hissed. "No, just that Rumil has honor and is a gentleman of an Elf." My best friend Lord L'Oreal said, "And he is my brother." What's up with all these references to "Elves"? Santa has all of his working over time! "Is he as joyfully pleasant as you?" I asked with as much sarcasm as I could muster. "Fine. Rumil, don't take her." And he began to walk. "No! Rumil, take her!" I yelled, doing the potty dance, "Or I could go right here." I swear I've never been whisked away so quick. I would laugh, but I am so full of that Arizona tea I had a few hours back in REALITY that I can't. "Don't look." "Believe me, I won't." "Promise!" He shouted, "I promise, just go!" "My, my, don't we have quite the temper?" I unbuckled my belt and dropped my skinny jeans to my knees and slowly tugged my underwear down. "So I just do it in the…bushes?" I asked mainly myself. "That is generally what we do on patrols such as this." Rumil said much kinder this time. Well, it's now or