Life Without Parole Three women sit in jail swapping stories of murder. Bella, murderer of her husband Dr. Edward Cullen and his lover. Rosalie, for the murder of attorney Emmett McCarthy and the four men he defended in court for her rape. Alice, convicted murderer of Texas Ranger Jasper Whitlock and countless others as yet to be found. This one's dark and twisted. WARNING: RAPE, GORE, VIOLENCE, AND REALLY CREEPY CHARACTERS! AN: I don't own it and didn't make a dime off it. Nanstew did a wonderful beta job. I've had a blast swapping stories with her and comparing weather notes from opposite sides of our country. I love how FFN can bring people from all over the world together. I LOVE hearing from people so tell me what you think. See the AN at the bottom for what partially inspired this story. WARNING: RAPE, GORE, AND REALLY CREEPY CHARACTERS! Don't read it if you can't handle touchy subjects. Exercise time, what a bloody joke. It's so damn hot out here, the most you can do in the blazing sun is sit and bake. At this time of year the prison infirmary is neck and neck with victims of heat stroke and shanking. They aren't going to spend any of the taxpayer dollars for sun umbrellas either. Oh how I miss my pool and long tall glasses of sweet tea dripping with condensation. There is movement in front of me and someone slides onto the opposite bench seat, I don't bother to look up. "What's your total?" I look up at the question. My new companion at the picnic table is a spiky haired waif with black hair. She doesn't look like she could do much harm. "What?" I ask because I really have no clue as to what she is talking about. But I haven't been clear on a lot of things in the past couple of months. I've been here two days now and I guess this could be considered as making friends. From what I hear about this place you need your friends. So I suck it up and make friends with the petite girl. What harm could she do? "Your body count toots." She asked again with a wicked grin. "You're here with us lifers so ergo, body count. Name it." "Oh, um, just two." I say embarrassed. Yes, I'm a murderess. Why start with small crimes when you can start at the top. "Two's good. My first was two." I would get up and leave but here in Tutwiler Women's Prison there isn't any place to go. The guards make sure of that. "Your first?" I ask, curiously. "Shut up Alice, she could go carrying tales back to the guards." A statuesque blond slides in beside the pixie and gives me a malicious look. "Everyone is trying to get time knocked off their sentences and don't think this sweet thing here won't use you to get a little off hers." I snort unlady like. "Blondie, I took the plea and admitted to everything I did. There isn't any time coming off my sentence." Blondie arches a brow and looks down her nose at me. "Are you nuts, never admit to anything." "At the time it was glaringly obvious what I did. Things got a little crazy." I recall the officer walking around my path of destruction and the sick look on his face at the time. The bedroom smelled like an abattoir. Blood and other body fluids mixing with shit as the bowels let go at the time of death. My clothes were covered with blood spatter, various kitchen knives on the bed beside me with my bloody hand prints on them. A dead woman propped in a chair across the room, and a dead man tied spread legged to a bed. I was guilty as hell. I grew up with my dad, who ironically happened to be a cop, drilling it into my head that if you did something own up to it. Take your punishment and get on with life. Somehow I don't think he was preaching to me about murder though. "Oh yeah, story time." The pixie said excitedly rubbing her hands together. "I killed my husband and his mistress." "Well that's cliché." The blonde said dryly. "It was messy." "I like messy. I'm very good at messy." Alice said. I think this one is touched in the head as my grandmother would say. I looked over at the blond, she looked familiar. I know I have seen her somewhere before. "What's your name?" I asked. "Rosalie Hale." "Oh my, I remember you." She was Southern royalty. She had a long list behind her name: UMS Wright graduate and valedictorian, Azalea Trail Maid, Camellia Ball debutant, and Mardi Gras queen. Rosalie Hale was the epitome of southern class and gentility. She was also the southern belle who got even with her rapist, the newspapers loved her. The court system however, did not. "I'm not that easy to forget." She smiled bitterly. No Rosalie Hale gripped the public's attention when she was allegedly gang raped by her fiancé and three other guys. They were acquitted because of a technicality and a very crafty lawyer. A year after the trial the men started disappearing and the bodies were not found. The only reason the lady standing before me now was in prison was because she went after her late fiancé's lawyer and his family. They found her in his hunting cabin in the final stages of dismembering Emmett McCarty. She was caught red handed, literally. The lawyer's wife and daughter lived but would tote physical and mental scars for life. "Wow, I followed that trial on the news. Honestly they needed jail time. You could tell by their smug attitudes that they did it." "They paid for their crimes in full." I leaned forward, "What did you do?" She gave me a look like I was stupid for asking. "Look, if I tell you my story will you tell me yours?" "I want to play too!" Alice said with a pout. I looked at her; she was bouncing in her seat. Alice was a very strange random sort of person. Like a cute version of the weird guy Zach Galifianakis played so well from the Hangover movies. Scary smart and bat shit crazy. "Ok, Alice you can play. But first let me introduce myself. My name is Isabella Cullen and I am here for killing my husband and his tart." "She couldn't have been a tart. Meat dishes are savories. Fruit dishes are tarts." I looked at her and she was serious. "Was she the fruity type?" She questioned in all seriousness. You know there are such things as meat tarts but it might be best not to argue the point with this one so I say, "She was a back stabbing bitch. I guess the vultures could have thought of her as a savory though." She shakes her head. "Then you cannot call her a tart. We will come up with something later but while you are thinking of that I can tell you about me." ALICE'S STORY "I shot a man in Reno just to watch him die." ― Johnny Cash Well, when Monday comes she's Tuesday, When Tuesday comes she's Wednesday, Into another day again Her personality unwinds Just like a ball of twine On a spool that never ends Just when I think I know her well Her emotions reveal, She's not the person that I thought I knew She's a complicated lady, so color my baby moody blue, Oh, moody blue, Tell me who I'm talking to You're like the night and day And it's hard to say Which one is you. " Moody Blue" - Elvis "My name is Mary Alice Brandon and I stopped counting at twenty." There is a twinkle in her eye as she gives me the count. Santa would be jealous. "I thought women stopped counting at thirty." I replied. "She isn't talking about her age nitwit." Rose quipped and then gave me a haughty smirk. "Oh, I keep forgetting you admitted to everything like a dumb ass." She said and rolled her eyes. I looked at the tiny woman girl. She can't be over the age of twenty two. "You killed over twenty?" I squeak out the question and wonder what she could do with a spork from the cafeteria if the mood hit her. "Let's just say around forty plus or minus." "Why?" "Long story but it starts in the foster home. Everything crazy starts in foster homes don't you know?" "I'd never guess," Rosalie said dryly. "If you are going to get all huffy." Sounds like she may be getting her feelings hurt. Death by spork or keep the small serial killer happy? Personally, I want to live. "There were three of us in the last foster home. Two boys and me, we were all thirteen. Three days later and we are only on number twenty nine. Nail gun. How the hell she came up with some of this shit I don't know. Anything, I mean, anything could and had set her off at one time or another. Number twenty nine smarted off to the cashier at a fast food restaurant while she was standing behind him and she took offence with his attitude. She used a nail gun on him at a construction site. It seems she was hooked on the Dexter TV show at the time and she used that for inspiration. See folks, we are breeding a generation of serial killers with the shit on TV numbing them to the right or wrong of violence. And let's not go into the issue of prime time sex, you can see that on the news when the local thirteen year old gets caught orally servicing the boys on the back of the bus. Lament our lost youth and count the dollars, you f*****s. "And that is when I unknowingly caught the attention of one Jasper Hale. Yum, he was a tall, delicious, Texas Ranger." That brought me back from my inner soap box. Oh, he was the guy she was convicted for, her last murder. Damn, what number are we on now, I had tuned out. "He was investigating the murder of the college kids that I put in the dryers at the off campus laundry." Hmmm, yep, missed that one and there isn't any way in hell I'm asking her to repeat it. I'm glad she isn't my bunkmate. It would be like rooming with Dahmer and Hannibal Lecter. Shut your eyes for a nap and they would flip for who took your kidneys and liver. Major arguments would break out over what to serve with the roast made from your rump. Wine or beer, it would depend on which personality she would be channeling at the moment. "A business opposite of the laundry had a camera and it caught just a smidgen of me and that set him off on the hunt. After that he started piecing little things together from other murders. He found links to me in Fort Lauderdale, you remember the baseball bat guy?" I must have blanked out on him too but I nod an affirmative hoping she will hurry up and finish. "I left a little DNA at that fish camp on Big Creek Lake. You remember the guys I used for bait? Damn what a catch I made that day." I will never eat fried catfish again. Well no worries, it's not something they serve in prison anyway but if I did have the choice, ugh, hell no. You know those things are bottom feeders? "Hey I put four in that lake myself." Rosalie pops out. Bloody small world isn't it! "Yes, that's a good location to hide a body that is if you know how to keep it down." "Floaters were my least favorite autopsy." I mumble and they both look