[Prologue] This is not some sloppily written love story about how a standard everyday school girl fell in love with a vampire. In fact, if anyone tried to construe my life as such, the story would probably need to be really contradictory and I would need to be portrayed as a complete idiot. It's a story about how a predator hunted down its prey and how the prey attempted to resist even as its resistance was rendered very quickly futile. I never really gave much thought as to how exactly I would die but to be fair, I had never been given much reason to do so, that is, until these few months anyway. "Well Hanami-" I think to myself as I press my back up against the coarse brick and mortar wall. "You're going to die." If I were some sort of superhero, I could probably have broken down the brick wall and continued fleeing, but alas, I am not and my retreat is cut off. If I hadn't been in absolute fear, I would have been surprised at how calm I was, but then again, adrenaline does weird things to you. If I had never gone to that small town of Forks, I probably would have been at home, in bed, listening to music, likely some Japanese rock music, while reading the latest manga series that happened to catch my eye. Alas, here I am, tired, alone, no backup, no escape, and no hope. I suppose I should be glad that it's me and not someone else who is going to take this because I couldn't really imagine subjecting a random person to what is about to happen. Even with that thought though, it still doesn't give me any comfort in my current situation. I can't even rely on the weapon in my hands, a .45 caliber ACP Colt 1911 semi-automatic handgun. It was a standard model without aftermarket upgrades, seven shots, black plastic furniture. I had expended six bullets previously on one warning shot and five hastily aimed backhand shots I had carelessly taken while running away and attempting to find the nearest large crowd. That plan hadn't worked out so well, he cornered me in the old warehouse district by the old docks, hence the brick wall. With shaking hands, I raise the handgun and close my left eye so that the only thing I saw through my right eye was the weapon's leaf blade ironsight superimposed over my predator's smirking face. My trembling hands align the back notch sight with the blade front sight, the glow-in-the dark dots of the night sights aligned into a straight line, or as close to one as I can get it, and position the center dot right between his eyes. I take a deep breath a my target saunters slowly closer and steel my resolve. I slowly squeeze the trigger but by bad luck and by mechanism of a god who likely hates me, my trembling hands move just a bit too much and my subconscious brain will not allow me to kill someone to preserve my own life, even if the only thing lost would be a monster. The gun discharges with thunderous crack and the slide locks back with a click. Empty. The bullet whizzes by my enemy's head by a centimeter, the air displaced by its passing ever so slightly disturbs his hair and he looks at me incredulously, as if he was expecting a different response. "Now Hanna, I know you want this deep down. Just relax. It's just like a little mosquito bite." he chides as if I were some small child. "Hanami-san." I bite out to correct him, but he ignores it. My stupid self had apparently forgotten additional ammunition when I had left the house because when I fumbled around in my jacket pocket, I couldn't find the spare magazine. So I drop the gun on the ground and yank out my pocket knife. The spring assist is strong enough that it's essentially a switch blade and I ready it even if it is essentially worthless against my current foe. "Stay away from me damnit!" I yell. Unfortunately, he seems to take this as some sort of invitation and lunges towards me with the superhuman speeds which bely his true nature. I jab forward with the blade of the knife but an unnaturally strong arm turns the blade away and before I can process what happened, my foe pins both my arm and my upper torso to the wall. I feel my wrist snap and I gasp at the pain. "C'mon Hanna. Just relax." My enemy chides as he tightens his grip on my broken wrist and my shoulder. "It'll all be over soon." "Rot in hell." I manage to bite out even as tears swell up and obscure my vision. In my final moments I highly suspect that his grasp of the english language is heavily deficient because he apparently translated the words "rot in hell" to "bon appetit" because at that moment he bites down into my neck. [Chapter 1] My mother drove me the the airport with the windows rolled down. It was cool, and by that I didn't mean that it was interesting though I suppose it might have been. What I meant was that it was around seventy-five degrees fahrenheit in Phoenix, Arizona, relatively cool for what should have been a blisteringly hot day. The sky was clear blue for as far as the eye could see with not a puff of white in sight, which meant that it wasn't going to be raining any time soon. Pity that. The South-west always could use a bit more water. As we pulled into the airport, I ran a quick inventory check and deduced that on my person there was a white t-shirt, a pair of blue jeans, a pen, pencil, memo-pad, cell phone with small keychain animal, Ipod, earbuds, and wallet along with a hairband that kept my hair up in a ponytail that not only looked stylish but also kept it out of my face. In my hands was a duffle bag that was to be my carry on luggage and contained my computer, chargers, various manga, two DVDs, and some cold weather clothing. My destination was to be a small town in the northwest of Washington called Forks. It was a small, dreary affair where it was cloudy and rainy for much of the year and snowy for the rest of it but it was also interspersed with days of magnificent sunshine and tranquil blue sky. I always spent my summers there with my dad Jeff and it reminded me of grandma's house in northern Japan. It wasn't that big a deal to me but now I was going there permanently, or at least until I finish my schooling and go to college. "Hanami-chan," My mother looked at me worriedly. She never really did get around to kicking the habit of appending honorifics to people's names and to be honest, I wanted her to keep using them for me. "You don't have to do this. You know that right?" She asks slightly worried. Shizuka Zuikaku, my mother, looks like me, only with shorter brown hair and chocolaty brown eyes instead of my long black hair and blue eyes. She looked up at me with that kicked puppy look that people usually lose the ability to utilize at around age 19. I almost fell for it a bit as I realized that I was leaving her, my slightly childish, cutely clumsy and charmingly diligent mother to spend her life all alone. Well, not alone really, she had Jimmy boy so she would be well cared for even if he was just as childish and mildly clumsy as the woman he married. I really had to leave them for a bit, let them get used to each other in the same house and really, I needed to get out more. "It's gonna be alright Okaasan." I said to her with a gentle smile on my face. "Nothing ventured nothing gained right?" "Please remember, you'll always be welcome back any time." She said sadly and I could only nod in response and turn away as she proceeded to drive away. Getting on the plane was a hassle but not as much as it could have been if I hadn't bought a ticket first and it was when I first settled into my window seat on the flight that I realized just how much this was going to change everything. I would have more of the freedoms and responsibilities of an adult. It's so awesome that it occupied me for the entire four hours of the flight. That and the manga I brought. It had a nice plot, something about vampires and stuff, how the main character tries everything in her power to keep her vampire friend from descending into a monster while said vampire friend hunts down and kills berserk vampires. It's well written if a bit squicky so I actually take the time to enjoy the story. Jeff is waiting for me at the airport and he greeted me as I stepped off the plane and went over to him. On the plane I put on a dark blue hoodie so the weather didn't get to me and as I handed off my bag to him, we struck up some light conversation. I like my dad, he's fun to be around, even when he's in his Chief Officer Moreau persona that he uses when on the job. Ever since I took up my mother's maiden name of Zuikaku, he's been having me call him Jeff since he liked that name. Somewhere, I knew introducing him to mass effect was a bad idea. We got into the police cruiser since that seemed to be his only form of motorized transport around this place and I took about half a minute to take in the upholstery on the seats, the equipment on the dashboard and the various subtle signs that the vehicle was well used. As he started up the engine and I made a brief but satisfactory inventory check, he began talking to me about my arrangements. I had originally planned on getting a used car since I didn't have that many funds and I refused to back up traffic because of my catching a ride to school in a police cruiser but apparently Jeff had that taken care of already. "I got you a good car." He told me as I strapped myself into my seat. "Pretty cheap too." I of course had to raise my eyebrow at this. "Good for you or just good in general?" "It's a truck actually, a Chevy." "You're dodging my question. Where did you get it?" "Well, you remember Black Billy? The guy who used to go fishing with us during the summer?" "Yeah, old Bill. Something happen to him?" I liked that guy. He was fun to hang around even if my fishing skill was simply atrocious. "He's in a wheelchair now." Jeff responded and I winced. The big guy was always so full of life. To think that he would be wheelchair bound for the rest of his life would probably be really painful. "So he can't drive anymore, and he offered me his truck cheap." "What year is it?" I inquire. I don't really care that much, but it would be some nice information to know. He frowned a bit which is usually not a good sign. "Bill did a lot of work on the engine. It's only a few years old really." "When did he buy it?" I ask. ". . . about 1984 I think." He answers sheepishly. "New?" "Early sixties I think." He finally answered. I don't actually care. It's a motorized vehicle that's mine and I didn't spend a single cent on it so as long as it's not a junker, I could care less.