Disclaimer: We do not, have never, (and probably won't ever) own Harry Potter. The characters within are the brainchildren of J.K. Rowling, while the plot is ours adapted from hers. Rating: M Trigger Warnings: We will not be posting warnings for individual chapters as we feel it takes away from the spontaneity of the story so consider this a blanket warning for the entire fic. This fic will be dark. Expect: major character death, possible dub-con and non-con, torture, violence, profanity, self-harm, and essentially many dark and disturbing things. These triggers will start in this chapter so if you are not comfortable reading about any of the above-mentioned topics, I suggest you stop reading now and go find something else to read instead. Full Summary: AU. DE-Centric. Bellatrix Lestrange. Dark!Luna. It was as they side-along apparated her to… somewhere… that the premonition hit her from nowhere. Just a sudden certainty that there would be no light at the end of the tunnel. No end to the misery spread by the Dark Lord and his followers. "Oh Harry," she whispered into the vacuum surrounding her, "I'm so sorry." The Dark Lord fell and the Saviour with him. From the ruins and lingering corruption, a new power must emerge. Canon to mid-DH and diverges from there. Co-authored with 394SalazarSlytherin. Pairings: Luna Lovegood x Bellatrix Lestrange, possibly others. We haven't decided yet, but definitely Luna/Bella, so if fem slash is not your thing I advise you again to go read something else. Flames' A/N: PLEASE READ and bear with us through this extended author's note (It will be the longest one you have to endure, I promise). We just need to get some housekeeping out of the way, as we want to make sure we cover everything now before we start the story. First: I (flames4thought) and 394SalzarSlytherin are co-authoring this. This means that we have both contributed to the writing of each chapter in some way. Salazar is not beta-ing for me and I am not beta-ing for her. This is as much her baby as it is mine. Some sections might read slightly differently simply because our writing styles are different. We will do our best to make sure our writing transitions effortlessly between us but please bear with us if we don't succeed in some places. Second, I'm sure you're all wondering about our update schedule. We are writing this on the go so updates are going to be slow. Like, probably about ONCE A MONTH because we're both very busy with Real Life. We have a pretty good idea where we're going with this though so updates might be quicker than that. Third. We recognize that this story is not for everyone. In fact, that is why we are writing this ridiculously long intro before we jump into the first chapter. So, if you DON'T like DARK, or F/F pairings, please don't read further and if you do please don't review simply to tell us how much you hated it. We are doing this for fun and rude reviews make it less fun and more of a chore to write, which means we won't write as much, thus ruining the story for those that are enjoying reading it. This does not mean we don't encourage constructive reviews as long as they are respectful. We are aware that this is a weird pairing, and that it might not be what you're expecting. Additionally, we are not trying to romanticize any of the trigger warnings listed above. Both of us are aware of the severity of many of these issues, have dealt with a couple of them personally, or watched friends and family deal with them, and we will deal with them as seriously and accurately as possible. We have given you ample warning… And if we haven't managed to scare you off yet… Enjoy! Chapter 1: The Premonition As the door clanged shut behind her to reveal the stick-thin, bent form of a renowned wand-maker, she knew it was up to her because, when it came right down to it, she was the only one who knew what was coming. And so, she planned. When the train stopped and she was dragged off it roughly by smirking men, sucked through a tube, and dragged down, down, down into darkness, she knew. She knew with the certainty that she knew Nargles and Crumple-horned Snorkacks existed that the light would fail, and the darkness would fall, and Wizarding Britain would churn into chaos and confusion. And she knew the second line would falter and the third line would rally but ultimately fail. And there was no fourth. Not anymore. Everyone was too scared. Too scared of the darkness, too scared to leave their homes, too scared to trust strangers. LL Neville nudged her as the loudspeakers, installed to direct the students from their classes and instruct them when and where they were supposed to be, announced that it was time to depart for Hogsmeade and their families. An escape to the hellhole their school had become. "You still going?" he asked quietly. They were hiding behind a tapestry as the Carrows prowled around the Entrance Hall, searching for dissenters. Searching for Neville and any of the members of the rebellion he'd managed to rouse to try slinking past their guarded perimeter and escape to greener pastures outside of Hogwarts. She nodded. "Daddy needs me," she replied flippantly, "He says the crop of Gulping Plimpies is excellent this year and he needs help harvesting them." "Luna," Nevilled started to sigh, but stopped at the hard look that crept onto her usually serene face. "You're worried about him," he stated, understanding dawning over his rugged features. He wrapped an arm around her small frame as she inclined her head slightly. "The Wrackspurt infestation has gotten worse," she whispered. She couldn't say that she thought it would be the last time she would see her father alive, that she needed to make sure he got away and into hiding even if it meant stopping his crusade to remind everyone that Harry was still out there fighting for them. She didn't think she could survive losing him too. She couldn't say she had to go because she could feel the darkness closing in on all of them and she was afraid everything they did would all be for naught. "I need to go home and make sure he has it under control." Neville's jaw tightened but he nodded. In the four months since school had started again, they'd resurrected Dumbledore's Army, and begun to wreck havoc through the school by rebelling against the ridiculously oppressive new rules that had turned what had been a home away from home into a prison. They'd gotten used to living dangerously, secretly rebelling while pretending to follow the new regime, and more openly rebelling to protect those students unable to defend themselves. They'd also gotten used to her strangely intuitive turns of phrase and learned to heed them without question. "Ok," he said, "Ok. Just… be careful." LL Slipping onto the train unseen was simple really. A matter of releasing a couple of Wrackspurts at the right moment to distract Filch who was guarding the front entrance and checking students off his list as they went, and then dodging the Death Eaters (oh, excuse me, Aurors ) lingering at the station in Hogsmeade. Warding a compartment with Notice-Me-Nots and Muffliato's was an easy affair too and she thought she'd made it. Thought that she'd managed to evade all of the spies and moles and sympathizers until the train crawled to a halt in the middle of nowhere and the Dementors swarmed the compartments like wasps. LL Later she'd defend her actions to herself. She could have huddled in the compartment unnoticed, the happiness slowly draining from her soul as the Dementors sucked her dry, enduring the sobs of fear and pain as the entire train full of school children was subjugated to creatures whose very existence was misery. But she wasn't the sort of person to watch as another was bullied, and she'd sworn to defend the students of her school from the Carrows and his cohorts and whatever other evil he sent after them. And so, she'd cast her patronus, smiled sadly at the hare as it bounded from the tip of her wand, and banished the ill-tempered fey from the train. They'd found her, of course, after that. Her hare led them right to her and she'd simply smiled at the crooked-toothed Snatcher with the scraggly dark hair and beard who'd loomed out of the darkness to capture her. "Is it time to go?" she asked, holding her wand out to him as he blinked in surprise at her. He'd expected more fight, she thought as his fumbling fingers snatched her wand away. Surely, he didn't think she was an idiot. She knew there was an army of others with him searching for others like her on the train, whose parents had been too open in their disapproval of their new Lord . She knew she would only succeed in getting herself or other innocent students hurt if she tried to fight. So, she surrendered. Gracefully, serenely, calmly. They dragged her and four others off the train before they sent it on its way, back to London and civilisation. She knew two of the shivering and crying students that huddled in the dark waiting to be transferred somewhere more secure where they would wait for their parents to be informed of their detainment. She was the eldest by two years, and the youngest she remembered being sorted that September. The two she knew were Ravenclaws, siblings, and both a couple years below her. Their father was a businessman with his own company that imported and exported goods throughout Europe. He'd apparently started smuggling Muggleborns out of the country before they could be prosecuted. She didn't know why the others had been taken but she suspected it was a similar story. The Ministry was squashing dissenters left and right, and if it took holding their children captive to do it, well the ethics of such actions were of no concern anymore. They had a new leader in Wizarding England, and his word was law. LL It was as they side-along apparated her to… somewhere… that the premonition hit her from nowhere. Just a sudden certainty that there would be no light at the end of the tunnel. No end to the misery spread by the Dark Lord and his followers. "Oh Harry," she whispered into the vacuum surrounding her, "I'm so sorry." LL She crumbled as the vacuum receded, tears spilling down her face at the thought all her friend's misery would be for naught. She was numb to the fear she should have been feeling in her predicament. Harry's fate seemed to loom over her head like the eye of a hurricane and she was lost in the calm at the centre of the storm. She looked around her new surroundings disinterestedly. It was too dark to discern any details in the dim evening light but they appeared to have apparated outside a large black wrought-iron gate that led to a manor of some sort. They were alone – apparently the other three snatched from the train were being taken elsewhere. Fear twisted in her gut as she worried what would become of them where she couldn't protect them. The Snatcher's laughed at her tears and the one who'd captured her twisted her face painfully toward him. Her eyes flashed with the briefest hint of anger before they went blank again, her serene expression smoothing her features to a blank slate. Except for the tears. "Aw, Steve," he chuckled, "She's cryin' already an' we haven't started on the fun stuff yet." The other Snatcher – Steve – leaned forward in the gloom to leer into her face. His breath stank of stale whiskey and cigar smoke and she