Disclaimer : All the characters, names and places are the property of J .R.R Tolkien and not my own. One shot AU. Using several events during the Fellowship of the Ring this is a short account of Boromir's decline by the Ring while he is under the ever watchfully eye and shadow of Legolas. Sections of this will appear in my on going work which will appear on the site soon... Catching My Shadow Boromir's POV Dawn was breaking over the sleeping Fellowship. From his post I looked over the unusual party I travelled with my eyes lingering on each member, my mind turning trying to understand them. First my eyes feel upon Frodo the Ringbearer – or were they drawn to Ring? Already in the early stages of their journey I, Boromir the Steward's son could hear its soft calls. Quickly I shook away the thoughts as Frodo turned in his fitful and restless slumber, his small face pale and strained as if haunted by an ill dream. Around him slept the other three Hobbits, Sam just a simple gardener to Frodo laid the closest, guarding him like an obedient dog. During the hours of the night were the only hours Merry and Pippin were not squabbling between themselves. I had quickly learnt that they did not argue due disliking each other, it was quite the opposite I later understood the two are very close friends and have been for some years. Unlike Frodo the other Hobbits slept deeply and soundly only their snores or the sound of rumbling stomachs hampered the looks upon their innocent faces. Lying close to the Hobbits, again in a protective manner slept Gandalf. Or at least I believed him to be sleeping for his Wizards' hat obscured most of his face, and that he had not stirred for hours strengthened my thought. Briefly I wondered how much use the Wizard could be to us when we are deep in the enemies' territory, hiding, fighting, and dying. Though I did not voice my thoughts out loud I had a deep, disturbing and frightening feeling that we would not make it to Mordor together or even at all. The Istar Saruman would make our journey even harder then it is already. He knows one of the Hobbits carries the Ring, can predict our path to the east and therefore ambush us along the way. Every corner, every mound and bush held a possible disaster and death. How much use would Gandalf be then? My thoughts were rudely interrupted by the sudden loud, deep snore from Gimli the Dwarf beside the Wizard. The reason why Gimli joined the company was trivial I thought judging him by his behaviour in Rivendell. I was shocked by the violence of his aggression to the Elves that were present, of course I am well aware of the frictions between the two races centuries old, but none the less it was shocking: " Never trust and Elf!" Gimli had cried. Naturally remarks like these set off a chain reaction of much arguments between the two races while my men shouted over the din to make themselves heard. There was more to learn about Gimli I'm sure, other reasons to why he was travelling with us, something more then just a bitter disagreement and ancient anger. Perhaps he had something to prove to someone, but to whom? Himself, to them, his father? As stout and as strong as Gimli was I believe there is a great sense of mystery about him. But none more then Aragorn. A man of many identities all hiding the truth, a truth that I reject. How could a man, a Ranger, a traveller like him be heir to the throne of Gondor? The idea was preposterous, that line was lost, broken many years ago. The country does not need a King; the houses of the Steward are more then capable. But despite this I do not dislike the man, but neither could I warm to him greatly. I recognised the qualities the man possessed and I did not question his judgement unless I believe it to be too rash or dangerous. I respected him as a leader, a commander but not a King. Finally my thoughts turned to the last remaining companion: Legolas. I have had very little inaction with Elves during my lifetime leaving deep in Gondor's strongholds of Minas Tirith and Osgiliath. On the small number of occasions where I had come across the fair folk I distanced myself from them. First I was blind by their beauty and youth, then later angered by it as the people I loved declined with age and illness ending in death, while the Elves did not suffer from sickness or old age. To be summoned to Rivendell would have been an uncomfortable gathering to endure normally but the Ring had changed everything. Aware of the acute senses of the Elves I know I must work hard to hide anything and everything from my Elvish companion. It's not a matter of trust, for he is more then capable with a weapon I had seen, it was just the envy of their kind, their fairness, endurance and immortality that I dislike. Not to mention their stealth. The sound of Legolas whisper caused me to start: "How much longer are you going to stare before you wake them?" he said hanging upside down in front of me his face only inches from my own. His legs tightly wrapped around the branches of the only tree in the area. Trust him to select this spot to camp for the night. "I was just about to," I replied inching away. Legolas rightened himself as I gently woke the others, ducking quickly as Gimli whipped his axe sharply across my face. Fortunately the Dwarf missed but I fell landed upon Gandalf, who started rattled me upon the head with his staff before he realised what had happened. The Hobbits were laughing and even Aragorn was smiling as Gandalf apologised profusely. It was on the snow covered mountains of Caradhras, the entire company frozen to the bone in an unnatural snowstorm that followed us like a shadow. When we moved it followed, even when we rested it did not cease. It was an ill omen curtsey of Saruman the White. Out path had been blocked by recent and ongoing avalanches and rock falls, but as determined as we were to overcome the mountain it was clear the Hobbits would not survives its cruelty. "We must get of the mountain make for the Gap of Rohan! Take the west road to my city!" I shouted into the wind, "The Gap of Rohan takes us to close to Isnegard" Aragorn interrupted. "If we cannot pass over the mountain let us go under it" Gimli added, "Let us go through the mines of Moria" Gandalf stood silent for several moments contemplating, finally he said: "Let the Ringbearer decide" As Frodo looked around himself, his eyes lingering on his own folk Merry and Pippin pressed tightly against me shivering deeply covered from head to toe in snow after I had to dig them up from the latest snow fall. Even stout hearted Gimli and Aragorn looked exhausted from the trails of the steep, unforgiving mountain. Flustered by how my idea had been easily quashed and in the corner of my eye I saw Legolas completely unaffected by the storm watching me closely I shouted: "We cannot stay here!" Merry and Pippin shivered violently against me. "This will be the death of the Hobbits!" Gandalf turned to the Ringbearer: "Frodo?" he asked. With his eyes still flicking around the company Frodo decided: "We will go through the mines" Deep in the darkness of Moria Legolas elected himself for first watch, no one including myself argued. We were dead tired from the climb on the mountain, the battle with the Watcher in the water and the hard trek through the dark, silent mines. Only Aragorn seemed to be on the point of arguing but held his tongue choosing to rest instead. Throughout our journey in the dark I had been watching our Elf companion closely knowing the dislike and even fear Elves have of being enclosed where they could not see the outside world. With no stars or moon to light the darkness I had noticed the unnatural stillness and overwhelming darkness pressed from all sides was making him uneasy. I suspect he had chosen to take first watch so the others would sleep, unable to see him began to crack in the darkness. Everyone has their own fears I thought closing my eyes. As long as Legolas' judgement is not altered so that the lives of the Fellowship are put at risk I would rest easy knowing the sooner we are free from these mines the better. I heard one of the Hobbits move nearby closer to the well in the chamber we made camp in, obviously these Hobbits had not left their curiosity behind in the outside I chuckled lightly hearing them whisper amongst themselves. Opening my eyes slightly I saw Legolas stiffen as the Hobbit raised his hand and dropped something into the well. Crash! The dropped item bounced down the bent well shaft, and in the blink of any eye Legolas had crossed the room and pulled the Pippin away from the well forcefully staring around the darkness, Aragorn, Gandalf and myself jumped to our feet too in alarm. "Fool of a Took!" Gandalf hissed stepped towards the Hobbit still held perhaps a little too tightly by Legolas, "Throw yourself in next time and rid us of your stupidly!" Muttering an apology Pippin lowered his head and rubbed his wrist after Legolas had finally released his deadly grip. I stood silent in shock, I was now deeply worried for our well being. In a moment of madness Legolas had nearly broken Pippin wrist, already the darkness was affecting him. No one spoke their eyes moving from Pippin to the well and around the chamber. There was complete silence. Then we heard it – the beating drums. At Amon Hen we hauled the boats off the river, up the sandy bank and hid them out of sight. The others were tired and gratefully sank onto the ground to rest, none of noticed as I left the camp following Frodo. There was no denying I could hear the Ring, and had been able to so quite some time; I could feel myself weakening to its call everyday. I had to have it, but not to wear it or keep it but to use it against the enemy. Use it to defend my people after years and years of onslaughts from the east we needed something to fight back with. A weapon, more powerful then anything man could make. Only in forest I saw my chance and approached Frodo friendly: "None of us should wonder off alone, you least of all. So much depends on you" He looked with his blue eyes and said nothing – could he tell? "Frodo?" I cam closer feeling my chance, we were completely alone. "I know why you seek solitude. You suffer I see it day by day. You sure you don't suffer needlessly? There are other ways Frodo, other paths that we may take-" "I know what you would say. It would seem like wisdom, but the warning in my heart –" "Warning?" I frowned, "Against what?" Frodo had begun to move away and I followed: "We are all afraid Frodo. To let that fear drive us, to destroy what hope we have. Don't you see it? Its madness" "There is no other way" "I ask only for the strength to defend my people!" I was becoming more frustrated with him – why couldn't he understand, the suffering, the blood spilt, my people dying to defend everyone else while they did nothing to help. The Ring would be our answer, our salvation. "If