A/N: So I saw Catching Fire (very first premiere, very first day, 8 PM)… I don't even want to talk about it because it was so beyond amazing that if I start, I won't be able to stop so… I'm just gonna say that it's incredible and you should definitely, 100% go see it and I'll leave it at that. Anyway, after watching the beach scene in the movie (don't worry, I won't spoil anything), I had the strongest urge to write some future smut in that setting. So, thus was born this fic! lol. It's a pretty soft M—there's no swearing—so a heavy warning isn't needed. This is set pre-epilogue about two years later. Katniss and Peeta are still slowly picking up the pieces, though they've made much progress since the beginning. I hope you enjoy. :) If you're broken, I will mend you And I'll keep you sheltered from the storm that's raging on Peeta's toes dig into the sand, feeling the softness of it between them as he leans back on his hands and watches the vision before him in the ocean, standing knee deep in the water as she stares out into the distance. It was a Saturday. After such a busy week at the bakery and some particularly unpleasant violent episodes, Peeta had took it upon himself to give both of them a day off. To live in the peace and quiet – even for just a few hours – of one of their favorite places in the world. He pushes his hand through the sand slowly, still watching Katniss as he draws a figure with his forefinger in the sand absentmindedly. Looking down, he studies the three-pronged drawing and immediately recognizes it: a trident. Seeing the vast expanse of water, he can't help but think of a friend he wishes he remembered. Of Games he wishes he recalled. Closing his eyes, Peeta listens to the gentle splashing of the waves on shore, feels the cool sand beneath him, smells the saltiness of the tide. He takes in a deep breath, releases it just as he opens his eyes. Clearer to him now, he observes the kaleidoscope of color that streaks the sky. He smiles. The sky had always been one of his favorite canvases – filled with beautiful paintings untouched by hands and an unparalleled continuum that could not be recreated anywhere else. It was his particular favorite now, at sunset. There among the yellow, pink, and purple he could see his favorite color. But just before the far-reaching sunset is a vision much more beautiful and breathtaking to Peeta than anyone and anything else: Katniss Everdeen. He sees her reach down, lets her fingertips graze the water as she studies the ever-changing sky in all its glory. It's then that he gets up, surrendering to the calling he feels coming from her direction. He comes up behind her, feels the cool water envelop his limbs as he wades up to her, placing his hands on her hips before pressing a small, lingering kiss to her bare shoulder. She just smiles, and leans back into him with a sigh when he fully wraps his arms around her. He breathes deeply, letting her soothing scent fill his nostrils. It is here with her that he finds tranquility, a rare peace that he's only been accustomed to in moments such as this one. "What are you thinking?" he asks of her, watching the sun gradually descend from the sky. "Mm," she hums. "Orange. That's still your favorite color…" She turns her head slightly to look at him. "Real or not real?" "Real." She just smiles and turns her head back to watch the sunset again. "I wish there was a way to save moments like this," he murmurs after some time, still watching the skyline, continues when she turns her head again to look at him. "You know, to lock them away. Go back and watch them again whenever you wanted to… It surely would've helped me recover from what the Capitol did to me... I've always wondered of every single moment that I've ever loved and if most of them – maybe even all of them – were with you." She doesn't say anything, just leans forward to press her lips against his softly. Her eyes speak to him an unspoken promise – a silent reassurance that he takes to heart. "I love you." He teases her. "Are you asking me if that's real or not?" "Oh, it's real," she smiles. "Couldn't be any more real than my love for your cheese buns." He laughs. "I've got some in the bag we brought. They won't be terribly warm, but they'll still be good." "When are they not?" He just grins widely, happy that she was happy. When she was like this, he knew he'd done a good thing, that he'd done something right. Only when Katniss was truly content – even for just a moment – did she act this playful. "I do, too, you know," Peeta says when they start walking back to their spot on the shore hand-in-hand, continuing when she looks at him. "Love you, I mean." She just smiles and continues walking beside him, relishing in the kiss that he places on her temple. When they reach their spot on shore, he reaches into the bag to retrieve a towel for her. She takes it and dries off as he rummages through the items to grab the cheese buns. "Got them," he says, hands her one before sinking down on the blanket next to her, laying on his side and propping his head up on his hand. He smiles as he watches her take a bite, catching the satisfaction she gets in her eyes at the familiar, delicious taste. "Good?" She just nods, unable to speak with how full her mouth was getting. "Good," he laughs. "I swear, Katniss, sometimes I think the only way to your heart is through my cheese buns." She smiles, finishes chewing. "It's your fault. You're the one who makes them so good all the time." "Oh, and you're complaining?" "No, I'm not complaining," she clarifies, looking at him with a teasing glint in her eyes. "I'm just saying you don't have the right to." He laughs again. "Well, I'm glad my amazing baking skills are enough to make you love me." "I'm glad they're enough to make me full." He laughs harder. He's proud, he realizes. He's proud of himself, of Katniss. They've come so far from the indifference, the rough patches. The times when it was difficult for them to confide in one another after so much anguish and fear and destruction in their lives. But through it all, they've managed to come out of it together, and that's the only thing he'd ever wanted and wished for. He couldn't feel any more fortunate to be here with her right now. With these thoughts in his mind, he can feel himself filling up – filling with his love for this woman. Clad in only her swimwear and a towel as a cloak, she's allowing him to see her for who she truly is. Before, she'd been scared. She was fearful of what he might think when the clothing was gone, when the barriers were taken down. When he could see nothing but her and her scars. He knows that she is so much more than just those wounds and marks, but it was difficult trying to get her to see that – it always had been. She notices the way he'd gone silent, but it only takes the briefest of glances to see that he was thinking about her again. Thinking about how much he loves her and how proud he is of their progress. Where they are now, on this beach and in the sand, memories from a time that would be better left uncovered come rushing back to them. No matter how much they progress in their healing, these memories will never leave them. There is a silent communication that passes between the blue and grey that tints their eyes. Words unspoken. Words unneeded. It is only their eyes that need to meet which brings back the emotions of that period of time – the pain, anger, fear... These were the moments when scars were made, cuts—physical and emotional—were carved into their skin, and life as they knew it seemed almost unworthy of living. With these thoughts floating between them, Peeta wants to make them vanish. The feelings that arise from thinking such thoughts, he knows, can only end in one terrible way. So wordlessly, he brings his hands up to cup her face gently – to stare at the simplistic beauty that lies beneath the face that weighs heavily with unspeakable burdens. He loves her, he decides. He loves her more in this moment than he ever has – an inviolate love that he only ever knew looking into the face before him now. It's another moment, he decides, he wants to freeze and live in forever. His thumb brushes softly over her lips, her eyes closed and basking in his gentle touch. Baker's hands, she knows, are some of the softest. Handling soft pieces of dough that conform easily in their hands, she understands why a baker's touch is so soothing. It's these moments that Katniss loves perhaps the most – moments of gentleness and tenderness that she always knew in the Peeta before the war. At the same time, however, it pains her to remember – to recall the unchained, unharmed man he once was. The one that wasn't permanently emotionally scarred. The one who had absolute faith and love for her. She misses the Peeta who didn't have violent lashes every once in awhile. She hates that this is the product of what she has hated the most. Inching slowly towards her, Peeta presses his lips in a suggestion of touch over hers, as if afraid she might shatter in his arms if he doesn't move gently. His lips move against hers slowly, gradually becoming a deeper, closer mutuality of touch as she brings a hand up to latch around his neck, reciprocating the movements of his mouth on hers. She feels a certain, almost indescribable warmth grow within her chest with every touch of his lips. A warmth she has equated before to feeling loved but had never really believed. She doesn't believe she is worthy of that. She doesn't think she even knows how to receive it. But here, right now, in Peeta's arms she finds that it is easy – that she feels a comfort in his closeness that she'd never felt with anyone else before. Once again, she welcomes his love and adoration. And he does the same with hers. Opening her eyes, she's surprised upon discovering that she'd been laid down on the blanket, the soft sand beneath them shifting slightly as he hovers over her, laying gently on her as he kisses her soundly. She feels another blanket he'd brought being tossed over them, fully encasing them in each other's presence. She cups his face with a single hand when they pull away, her thumb rubbing softly over his smooth chin, tracing over his firm jawline and soft lips, feeling the contrast of skin here and there. Looking into his face, so many memories and recollections pass her by. They've been through so much, worked through so much, fought through so much, and loved through so much. Into his face her heart calls, her love beckons. Though she'd been hesitant of accepting it before, she welcomes it without second thought now. "You…" is all that escapes her lips. She finds she cannot find words for an instant. "I'm sorry" she finds herself saying when they come to her. He looks confused, puzzled by her sudden apology. "I look at you and it makes me happy and sad," she says softly. "Mostly happy,"