A/N: I have re-written a small part of this chapter because things are changing as I write this fic. Please enjoy ... again. I do not own anything affiliated with Lord of the Rings. Everything had been prepared. A score of chambers had been readied, a feast had been cooked, wine barrels had been stocked in the cellars and the city was looking its finest. Excited whispers ran through the halls of the Tower, whispers of, "When will they arrive," and, "How long will they stay?" The excitement, of course, was due to the coming visit from the Prince of Dol Amroth and his niece, Lady Athenril. The people guessed at their appearance, their demeanor. Rumours spread like wildfire of the Prince's temper, saying that he could only be calmed at the insistence of his council. People said that he was either fierce or lovely, cruel or gentle, meek or loud. Not a soul could know for certain yet people insisted they knew. "My cousin lives there," they would say. "Knows them personally." Others would claim to have friends in Dol Amroth, friends that had seen the Prince dole out harsh punishments. Some said he was gentle and ruled the land with compassion. Others said he ruled harshly. On and on that talk went, suspicion piled upon speculation, until the folk had run out of words to speak. But high, high in the Tower, just below the Steward's chambers, a different sort of chatter was happening. Boromir paced his room, hands clenching at his sides or tugging at his jerkin. Else they were in his hair, pushing it flat to his head. Faramir watched in fascination at his brother's state and would have laughed had he not felt some concern for Boromir's well being. He had never seen his brother so worked up over anything. He had surely never seen him so nervous. As a little brother it was his right to take some pleasure in this. He was often at the butt end of jokes or the blunt end of a sword. He was the subject of all brotherly torment and had every right to sit back watch his big brother flounder, yet he could not. "What of it if she's a Lady?" He drew the word out and waved a hand through the air. "You're a Steward's son. That's got to count for something." "It's not the same. She'll be learned and have grace. People have started talking about how fair she is. Faramir," he spun and fixed his brother with a serious look. "What if she is fair?" Faramir stood from the bed where he had sprawled out to watch his brother's dismay, and put his hands on Boromir's shoulders. "I hope, for your sake, she is a dim, ill-mannered pig of a woman." He said with the utmost seriousness. Boromir's brow unknitted at once and he cuffed his brother behind the ear, worries forgotten for a moment. "You're terrible." "You're the one that's fretting over having a perfect wife." Faramir looked out the window, casting an eye over the city as it bustled around to prepare. He gasped and shot a finger out to the gate. "She's here!" He called. "I can see her now. She's got long hair and … and … oh," Faramir squinted, "oh my. I may not have been so wrong before." He turned to his brother, his mouth pulled into a grimace. A look of fleeting terror passed over Boromir's features before he shoved his brother out of the way and frantically searched the city for her. "I don't see her. Faramir, where was she?" His panicked question was met with laughter, laughter that boomed off the walls and down the corridors. Faramir could hardly stand, managing only gasping breaths. He grasped a bedpost to keep himself upright. "Your face!" He wheezed, dodging a fist as it flew his way. "You little-" Boromir lunged at his brother, heedless of the finery he had so meticulously cleaned and burnished. Grabbing his brother around the waist, he tackled him to the floor, fists flying as Faramir laughed still. "Orcs, fine. An army of men, no problem. But give Boromir a bride and he flees!" Faramir squirmed beneath his taller, broader brother, only half-fighting off the assault. "I am not afraid of her!" He insisted. "I dare not think what you'll do on your wedding night. Pass out?" Faramir rolled and crawled away from his brother. "Wet yourself?" He taunted. He smothered a grin, facing his brother again with deep seriousness in his gaze. "No, you won't be able to rise to the occasion." Making an obscene gesture with his arm, Faramir burst into laughter again, this time not seeing the fist before it met his head. "And what would know about that, dear little brother?" Boromir raised his brows at him, knowing full well what the answer was given the blush that had spread across the boy's cheeks. Faramir rubbed his temple and looked away from his brother, suddenly fascinated with the ties of his shirt. "I don't … I mean … that's hardly-" "Faramir," he groaned, mussing up his brother's hair with a grin. "I'm joking." The youngest swatted his hand away with a grimace. "I know that." He righted his jerkin and ran a hand through his hair. "I honestly don't know why you're scared-" a look from Boromir made him pause. "Okay, nervous about this. You've known about the arrangement for ages." "I know, I know." He blew the air out of his lungs, unable to quite meet his brother's eye. "It's real now. She's actually here. I'm actually getting married. There will be kids." He said the word as if his mouth couldn't get around it properly. He looked to his brother then, eyes wide just as Faramir's were. "Mahriel," they both muttered, remembering the day they had eagerly agreed to watch a child for an afternoon. People still muttered about it but never in polite company. "Maybe stay clear of kids for a while." Faramir suggested. Saying those words made it seem real. His brother was getting married. Boromir would have a family. It felt strange to admit, and stranger still was the equal feelings of loss and longing that flooded him. Boromir would still be a warrior, but his time away from the company would be spent with his wife, not with the other men, not with his brother. And as much as Faramir might have longed to be someone separate from his brother, he did not want to lose him. Like everything else in his life, Faramir longed for something Boromir had. If his brother was to have a family, he wanted one too. He wanted a wife to go home to and kids. Maybe. Without warning, Boromir pulled his brother close and hugged him tightly. Faramir didn't hesitate to clap his brother on the back. He felt Boromir draw a breath, let it go then draw another. Just like he did before going off to fight. Faramir grinned into his brother's shoulder, the words, "A wedding, not a war," on his lips but left unsaid. A horn sounded in the distance and the great whine of the opening gates could be heard. Boromir tugged a hand through his hair one last time before they descended to the Hall to meet the Prince of Dol Amroth and his niece. There was fanfare and cheers as they rode into the city. Boromir stood just below his father in the Hall and watched the door for what felt like an eternity. Their approach could be heard at some distance with the horses and the armour, yet they never appeared at the open doors. It was excruciating to wait there, especially when he could see Faramir gnawing at his lip to keep from laughing at his brother's obvious discomfort. Pushing his shoulder back, he looked up at his father to see him looking down at him. "This is it." His father smiled fondly, face clouded with some memory of his wife, no doubt. "You'll become Steward when I am gone and your children will take your place." He spoke gently as if speaking of an often dreamt dream, a hope harboured for years. Boromir could only smile back, however fleetingly and swallow down the growing unease. "Prince Imrahil and Lady Athenril of Dol Amroth!" A herald announced and not even Denethor could hold back a chuckle when Boromir started. Seven swan knights walked behind them, and Athenril walked behind Imrahil. She kept her eyes straight ahead, not on the floor as so many maidens did, with her shoulders back and her head held high. Boromir looked everywhere but her face, watching her long, dark hair sway as she walked. He saw her slim fingers and small hands, the curve of her waist, the way her belt hung across her hips. He followed her dress up past the swell of her chest, not trusting himself to look there too long. Her neck was pale and slender, adorned with only a simple chain and pendant that settled in the hollow of her throat. Only when he was sure he could put it off no longer did he look upon her face. Beautiful wasn't the word. For a moment Boromir wondered if there was a word wonderful enough to describe her. Her lips were dark, her cheeks rosy, but her eyes, her eyes were the storm grey all those from Dol Amroth had. He had seen them before on other men but on her they were devastating. They were dark and glinted with something he couldn't place but wanted to know. "Prince Imrahil, Lady Athenril." Denethor said, bowing to each of them in turn. "I hope your journey was not too taxing." "We were blessed with the fairest weather," Imrahil said with an easy smile. "A good omen, I think." He shared a look with the Steward and a quick chuckle passed through the room. "Lady Athenril, may I present Lord Boromir, your betrothed." Denethor motioned to his son and he stepped forward, bowing quickly to her and coughing when she smiled at him. It wasn't a smile of a shy maid or servant or even the woman serving ale in the city. It spoke of something else entirely and he hastened look away from that look in her eye. "Let them learn about one another," the Prince said with a wave of his hand. "We have much to discuss, Steward." Denethor released them with a nod and Boromir, after a moment's hesitation, offered her his arm and led her away. Faramir, far less interested in trade and politics, followed after them. They walked through the Citadel to the gardens that grew behind them and there he led her through the rows and rows of trees, silence stretching over them. It was enough to make Faramir scream but he held his tongue and kept close to the trunks as they walked. "Are you nervous, Boromir?" she asked at last. "No!" He said too quickly and she giggled. His brow creased and he held his hands up. "Well, yes, that is, I was excited to meet you." "And I you. To tell the truth, I almost didn't make it to the ship." She covered her face with a giggle, looking away from Boromir and into the trees. Faramir ducked down, holding his breath as she searched the trees. She frowned slightly, looking into the thicket more intensely. Faramir pressed himself against a tree, holding his breath until her gaze passed. "Why?" Her gaze was still stuck on the large oak tree and something she was sure she's seen. Boromir touched her arm, his own suspicions growing as to what she had seen. "You almost didn't board the ship?" "Yes," she finally looked away and flashed him a grin. "I've never been outside Dol Amroth. I was ... worried." Boromir let out a laugh, like a spring that had loosed in his chest, relieved