Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. Thank you J K Rowling for creating a wonderful world where our imagination can play. The Life and Misadventures of Liam Arcturus Black Vol. 1 Chapter 1: His Obituary Sunday, January 26, 2075 OBITUARY Black Dies at 98 at Home in London By ANTHONY SKEETER Special in THE NEW YORK TIMES, BARRON'S, THE FINANCIAL TIMES, THE DAILY MAIL, THE TIMES OF INDIA and THE MAGICAL TIMES LONDON, Sunday, Jan. 26- Prince Liam Arcturus Black Le Fay Ravenclaw Delacour Greengrass has died. That great figure which embodied man's will to resist tyranny passed into history last evening. He was 98 years old. His old friend and physician, Lady Davis, gave the news to the world after informing King Charles and Prime Minister David Grant. Lady Davis's announcement said: "Shortly after 6 P.M., Prince Liam died at his home surrounded by his surviving family." (Signed) Davis. The announcement by Lady Davis was read to reporters near the Black home at 6:35 P.M. (1:35 P.M., New York time). About thirty members of the press were standing in the rain at the entrance to 12 Grimmauld Place, the Black ancestral home, where Prince Liam had lived for so long. A reporter for the Press Association read Lady Davis's statement to them. Lady Davis had come to the house that morning at 7:18. A few minutes earlier Prince Liam's son, Duke Black, had driven up. Also there at the end were his other children Lady Delacour, Lord Greengrass, Lady Le Fay, and Countess Ravenclaw and their spouses. Other survivors are his 16 grandchildren, 34 great-grandchildren and three great-great-grandchildren, the last born just two days ago. King Charles III sent the following message to the Black, Delacour, Greengrass, Le Fay, and Ravenclaw Families: "The whole world is the poorer by the loss of this true Renaissance Man. While the survival of this country and the sister nations of the Commonwealth, in the face of the greatest danger that has ever threatened them, will be a perpetual memorial to his leadership, his vision, his philanthropic works, and his indomitable courage." Prime Minister Grant immediately paid tribute to his illustrious predecessor in office. "Prince Liam will be mourned all over the world by all who owe so much to him," Mr. Grant said. "He is now at peace after a life in which he created history, saved history, and which will be remembered as long as history is read." The world had been watching and waiting since Jan. 16, when it was announced that Prince Liam had suffered a stroke. The last authentic giant of world politics in the 21st century was going down. Phenomenal Tenacity For nine days the struggle went on. Medical experts said that only phenomenal tenacity and spirit of life could enable a man of 98 to hold off death so long in these circumstances. But then those were the qualities that had made Liam Black a historical figure in his lifetime. His pluck in rallying Britain to victory in the Blood War against Tom Riddle's Death Eaters, the aftermath when magic was reintroduced to the overall world with end of the International Act of Secrecy, and World War III saved not only this country but, in all likelihood, free nations everywhere. Prince Liam will be given a State Funeral. The body will lie in State in Westminster Hall for several days. Then, after a long march from Westminster, the services will be held in St. Paul's Cathedral, whose huge dome has so long dominated London. He will be laid to rest next to his wives: the Lady Élodie Ravenclaw née Delacour, the Duchess Daphne Black née Greengrass, the Countess Fleur Le Fay née Delacour and his mother: the Countess Jeanne Marie Black née Corbeaux at the Black Family estate hidden somewhere in the UK. Anniversary of Father's Death Today was the anniversary of the death of Prince Liam's father, Heir Regulus Arcturus Black, a spy among Riddle's Death Eaters that gave his life discovering the secret of the pseudo-immortal Dark Lord. He died in 1979. For virtually everyone in Great Britain, Prince Liam's death will be a wrenching personal loss and a symbolic break with a past whose glories seem already faded. For the world, too, it is the end of an age. Prince Liam will always be remembered as one who defied Riddle, Putin, Rasputin, Zheng, and blood purists everywhere. But he was more than a great war leader―a personality larger than life, an extraordinary man in language and character as well as war, finance, business, and politics. War Was His Finest Hour Prince Liam Arcturus Black Le Fay Ravenclaw Delacour Greengrass was one of the greatest men of his time. Great was his contribution to the strategy of victory in World War III. However, Prince Liam's paramount place in history is as the man chiefly responsible for providing the leadership and ensuring the cohesion of the five great wartime allies-Britain, France, Germany, the United States and Brazil. Additionally, he was the linchpin of the Grand Alliance of thirty-two nations that vanquished the Empire in 2046 after nearly six years of war. In the magical realm from 1995 to May 1998 Prince Liam and his wives along with Duke Harry Potter and the remaining members of the Order of the Phoenix were essential to the destruction of hundreds of Death Eaters and snatchers. Prince Liam was personally responsible for the death of all twelve of Riddle's remaining Inner Circle members during the Battle of Hogwarts. He avenged the Royal Family in 2017 from the Neo-Death Eaters for the massacre of 2016. Prince Liam's duel with Rasputin in 2046 lasted for three hours before Rasputin's corpse collapsed to the rubble of the Kremlin. Childhood and Schooling Prince Liam was born on January 20, 1977, in France at the Château Corbeaux which was built by the Le Fay and Ravenclaw families in 1036 AD when they fled the great purge lead by Salvantin Salazar, grandson of the Hogwarts co-founder. Prince Liam was conceived as the Beltran child in 1976's celebration, which to magicals is an extraordinary sign of a child blessed by magic. On those instances that his Father could sneak away from spying on Riddle, Prince Liam and Regulus were the best of mates. Regulus said on many occasions that Prince Liam was more mature than his Uncle Sirius Black. The loss of his father caused him much distress in 1979 to the point of accidental magic destroying a wing of the Château. His grandfather, Baron Arcturus Black adored the child and made him the Heir as Sirius Black refused to acknowledge his family obligations. As such, he spent summers with Baron Black until the Baron's death in spring 1994. During the year, he and his next door neighbor and best friend Fleur Delacour were privately tutored until it was time for Fleur to attend Beauxbatons at age 7. Prince Liam opted to go to Mahoutokoro: Academy of Mages in Japan for the rigorous challenge of both magical and non-magical educations. Working ahead he had completed all 17 ICW OWLS course with top marks in 1992. In the summer of 1992, Châteaus Corbeaux and Delacour were attacked by remnants of Grindelwald's forces looking to extract the magical secrets of the two most prominent French magical families after the Flamels. Luckily, the Delacours were on vacation in Italy at the time. The Corbeaux family was at a great disadvantage before Baron Black and Prince Liam could arrive from England. That was the scene of the bloodiest magical battle in France since World War II. The following afternoon, only Baron Black and Prince Liam walked away from the estates. Prince Liam was able to rescue his mother from an experience that would have been worse than death but she still passed away in his arms from her injuries. At that time he vowed vengeance on the murders and rapists of Magical Europe. At his Grandfather insistence, he spent the next two years getting top NEWTS scores in Astronomy, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Herbology, History of Magic, Potions, Alchemy, Arithmancy, Divination, Muggle Studies, Mind Arts, Spell Crafting and Enchantments, Curse Breaking, and Dark Arts in preparation to transfer to Hogwarts for his final year of study just in time for the Triwizard Tournament. Meanwhile he finished his undergraduate work at the London School of Economics and Political Science through a highly selective correspondence option. Associates at school in Japan swore that all he did for those last two years was eat, sleep, exercise, study, and write a biweekly letter to Fleur and to his grandfather. After finals at LSE and his NEWTS, he rushed back to Baron Black's side as he became ill to an unknown to wizards disease which took his life over the following three days. Baron Black purposely walked into the trap set by Malfoys. He knew with all his magic and soul the words of Tolkien were true that, "End? No, the journey doesn't end here. Death is just another path, one that we all must take. The grey rain-curtain of this world rolls back, and all turns to silver glass, and then you see it ...White shores, and beyond, a far green country under a swift sunrise." Upon entering Hogwarts, he entered the Ravenclaw house to fix their deficiencies and get the house back on track as not the house of know-it-alls and bookworms but a house of wisdom and understanding. In the one year there he removed two curses on the Ravenclaw tower that caused bullying of those with outlier intelligence and a curse diminishing their drive for both what the Ancient Romans called Lux et Veritas and what Harvard Business School calls creative destruction. He also found the curse on the Defense Against the Dark Arts Class and as an heir of a founder had it canceled from the school wards. Later, he took the Hogwarts spot in the Triwizards Tournament and tied with Duke Potter for the win in June 1995. His first two months of interactions with the Boy-Who-Lived left a bad taste in his mouth as Duke Potter appeared to be lazy, shy, uncaring of his familiar responsibility, weak, mediocre, excessively reliant on luck, too proud to respect tradition. His loathing of Weasels (formerly known as Weasley) started with Potter's handlers Hermione Granger and Ron Weasel. Additionally, Bill and Molly Weasels attempt to bewitch, rape, and bind Lady Élodi which resulted in her death during the Spring of 1995 lead to their surname change and Will's death in an Honor duel with Prince Liam. At the opening ceremony of the tournament, he realized there was something really wrong with Duke Potter like abuse, drugs or potions, magical blocks, and a handful of manipulators. Over the next year while Potter was being shunned as a cheat by most of Hogwarts, Prince Liam undid the potions and magical blocks with the help of his family grimoires. Gringotts had been complicit in the thefts from Duke Potter. Prince Liam was furious; he transferred his Le Fay and Ravenclaw fortunes between the Gnomes in New York and the Dwarves in Switzerland. 75% of the liquid Black fortune was placed with Barclays and invested in the non-magical stock markets in London, New York, and Tokyo. He gave Gringotts six months to modernize to proper procedures and controls, heal Duke Potter of all his injuries, and recover and compensate Duke Potter for his losses since his parents went into hiding in 1980 or else Prince Liam and the Duke Potter would call in all debts owed by the bank and inform the press of their dishonor, negligence, and fraud. He finished his year at Hogwarts with highest possible NEWT marks in the remaining Charms, Care of Magical Creatures, Transfiguration, and Runes. In August 1995, he started Graduate School at LSE and graduated two years later with First Class Honours. Taking his seats in the Wizengamot and in the House of Lords Since age 5, Prince