The Re-Rebound By: Michelle Rose Landau Summary: Gale introduces his best friend, Katniss Everdeen, to his other best friend, Peeta Mellark, and sparks fly between them instantly. This otherwise wouldn't be a problem...if Gale hadn't realized that he is in love with Katniss... Pairings: Peeta/Katniss, slight (if you squint) Gale/Madge, Gale/Johanna, Rory/Prim Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games series. They are the sole creative property of Suzanne Collins. A/N: Happy Valentine's Day! I know it's been a long time since I last updated anything. Life's been...interesting. Lots of changes. Anyway, I thought that I'd post this one. Gale-centric angst, because who doesn't love to torture Gale in fics? Enjoy. ~one~ His life is in a downward spiral, it seems: he recently broke up with his girlfriend of five years (it was really bad-she took a bat to his flat screen), he was passed over for a promotion at his ad firm, and worst of all, his little brother, Rory, has moved in with him now that he's done with college. Gale Hawthorne is thirty two years old, and he's already taking stock of his life. Taking stock of one's life isn't supposed to happen this early, is it? His own father didn't "take stock" of his life until he hit his fifties and decided that what he really needed to complete his life thus far was a classic Thunderbird to fix up in the garage. The only bright spot in his life right now is his best friend Katniss Everdeen, who is flying in from South Africa tomorrow morning, and he wants his place to look somewhat decent when she comes over. "A little to the left." "Dude, c'mon," Rory hisses at his oldest brother. "It's centered." "It's not," Gale argues. "Move it to the left." He rolls his eyes at him, then they move it to the left. "There," he says. "Perfect." "It better be," Rory grumbles. "Quit your whining," he tells Rory. There's a knock, and then the front door opens up, and Peeta comes walking in. His college buddy and neighbor, Peeta Mellark, assures him that it's going to get better, which makes him feel like an asshole for complaining about his life because Peeta's wife, Lavinia, died three years ago, and he hasn't looked at or touched another woman since. He keeps himself busy with his real estate and house flipping business, and when the men do go out, he may dance with a few girls, but he doesn't go beyond that. His heart is still with Lavinia, and he's still close with her parents and sister, Annie Odair. Still, even with that particular tragedy, he's still got this-irritating at times-ever sunny outlook that he could only get from his father because his mother's a pessimist to beat all and an icy witch. "Hey," he says as he comes into the living room. He nods as he looks at Gale's new flatscreen. "Nice, man. You finally got it set up?" "Yeah," Gale sighs. "I just gotta hook up my cable, then I'm good to go." "Nice," Peeta says, pausing for a moment as he looks around Gale's place. "I think this is the cleanest I've ever seen your place..." Gale's a bit of a slob. That's just one of the many grievances his former girlfriend, Madge, cited against him when they were breaking up. He's a slob, he's selfish, he works too much, he forgot the anniversary of their first kiss, he doesn't listen to her, he's insensitive, the usual bullshit. She put up with him for five years, then all the sudden all of that's a problem? But things had been bad for some time: they hardly saw each other because of their respective jobs, their sex life had fizzled, and there was little to no affection between them. He honestly don't know where their relationship took a wrong turn, but it happened, and the next thing he knew, they're having the worst fight of their relationship, and she's got her bags packed and ready to go by the door. She must've been pissed off for longer than he thought because the moment she tearfully wielded a bat, he surely thought he was going to be a victim of her bottled up rage. He never expected that his flatscreen was going to be a casualty. "Yeah, I cleaned up a little," he tells Peeta. "My friend Katniss is flying in from South Africa tomorrow, and she's going to be coming over with her sister for dinner." "Oh, she's the one you grew up with, right?" "Yeah. She was hired on to head up a non-profit called Free Girl. It helps women all over the world achieve financial independence and stability. It's an amazing project." "Yeah, I've heard about that," Peeta says. "I actually helped the founder, Effie Trinket, find office space. She's a great lady, a visionary." "Yeah, Katniss will fit right in," he chuckles. "She's got the heart for it. Too bad you'll be out of town when she comes in." Peeta sits on the arm of the couch. "Yeah, I'll be in Jersey." "You know what, the day you get back, how 'bout we all just go out?" Gale proposes. "District 13, eight o'clock?" "Sounds good," Peeta agrees. "She's amazing," Gale explains. "She's intelligent, she's chill...you're gonna love her." "I can't wait to meet her," Peeta says. "Alright, so, I get in from Jersey at around seven, so I'll just meet you guys there." "Then it's set," Gale says. "Now, since you're here, let's get this cable hooked up so we can catch up on the World Cup." "Sweet," Peeta says. To look at the two men now, one would never think that they are best friends. They'd been dorm mates, and at first, they clashed because they are extreme opposites. Peeta is neat, a little bit on the controlling side, hyper efficient, proficient at nearly everything he's picked up over the years, and he generally is in a good mood; it's strange to see him out-of-sorts. Aside from the agonizing grief he experienced when Lavinia passed away, Peeta was an overall happy person. Conversely, Gale is sloppy, he's not a planner, he tends to brood, and he's good at one thing: selling. He can market anything to anyone, and he's damn good at spinning and targeting demos. He tends to pick up projects, then put them down, and only under pressure does he deliver. Sharing a small space together for four years at NYU was complete and utter torture, and they got into physical altercations several times. It wasn't until Peeta's parents gifted him with a box set of The Odd Couple episodes that they learned to live with one another's quirks. They bonded over that box set, and Peeta has it to this day. When they graduated from college, their friendship only grew stronger, to the point where they consider each other as brothers. They get the cable hooked up, and Gale goes to his DVR so that they can watch the World Cup. The shouts of the three young men echo through the apartment, along with furious yelling at the television. "C'mon, man!" "I feel so bad for my buddy Seneca," Peeta says, shaking his head. "He put a shitload of money on this. He was hurting...aw man...I hurt for him now that I watch this again." Gale shakes his head. "You want another beer?" "I'll take one," Rory says, his eyes glued to the television. "No thanks," Peeta says. "I gotta get ready. So, I'll see you Friday night." "Sweet," Gale says. "Be safe, man." "Thanks." Gale hands his little brother a beer, and they both drink at the same time. Rory looks at his brother strangely as Gale takes out his phone to look at pictures of himself and Katniss, and their respective families both together and separately. Gale grins as he looks at a picture of the two of them from high school, and he shakes his head. They'd been camp counselors together one summer, and it was perfect because their fathers had taught them how to hunt and survive in the woods. The pay was terrible, but they had a great time. Coming from one of the poorest counties in West Virginia, they had to make a way for themselves and be resourceful. He looked at pictures that she sent to him while she was working in Africa and in India. Katniss was always thinking outside the box, so when the time came to graduate, she didn't head off to college like everyone thought. She hopped on the first flight to India to help small children learn to read and help dig wells for clean water. She popped in and out of the US for holidays and breaks from her work, but for the most part, she has been wrapped up in her work for twelve years now, and she has no intentions of slowing down, it seems. "You look stupid right now," Rory says. "You're not thinking about...with Katniss , are you?" Gale rolls his eyes. "Don't worry about it." "Bro, she's like our sister ," Rory frowns. "Shut up, Rory, of course I'm not thinking about her like that," Gale huffs as he gets up. "Dumbass. I can't wait til you can afford your own place. You're getting on my damn nerves." "Feeling's mutual, bro," Rory calls. Peeta walks into District 13, still in his crisp business suit, but refreshed after stopping off at his place. He'd spent the last three days in tough negotiations over a multi-family property in estate sale, and the family would not budge on the asking price. Finally, he was able to get through to a grandchild, and he was able to negotiate the price down for the newly married couple, eager to buy their first fixer-upper and make extra income. Seeing how happy the couple was hit him right in his heart. He fondly remembers the first apartment he and Lavinia rented together right out of college, remembers how it made them feel grown up and really married. He painted their dull hallway with a mural of the moon and stars because she loved staring up at the sky. Some days, she would just sit on their small fire escape and stare for hours, her red hair glinting. God, he held on to those memories so strongly because he knew that she wanted him to. It's been three years since her death, and he's long gotten over the struggle with his grief, which hit him hard. He felt at peace, and in a good place, but he was slightly annoyed by the fact that Gale has been trying to get him to date again. Gale's taste in women is... iffy at best. His relationship with Madge had been evidence of that. Or, perhaps, it's just him. Maybe he expects too much, or maybe women have changed, or maybe he's changed and become a bit cynical...Peeta doesn't know. Maybe it's living in Manhattan and having money that's put him off from some of the women he's met. When he goes out, he's just going out, having a drink, relieving some work week stress. His intention isn't to go home with anyone; he simply has had no desire to even have the complication of frivolous one night stands. He hasn't been with another woman in three years, and when the urge does hit him, he self-serves. While it's not ideal, he's been quite alright. He finds Gale and Rory sitting at a table, and he goes over to them. "Hey," he says. "Hey man," Gale says, looking at his phone. "So, where's the amazing girl you've been talking about the last two weeks?" Peeta asks as he gestures the waitress over to the table. "She's running late," Gale says. "She stopped by her sister's place first, got held up there. She said she'll be here in five to ten minutes." Peeta nods. "Can I get a scotch and