Autofocus By: Michelle Rose Landau Summary: Uninspired and unable to see the beauty and life in her work after a betrayal, photographer Katniss Everdeen rediscovers passion and delight when chef Peeta Mellark breezes back into town. Genre: Modern AU, romance, drama Pairings: Peeta/Katniss, Gale/Madge, Finnick/Annie, and others Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games series. They are the sole creative property of Suzanne Collins. A/N: This was one of the first stories I wrote for this fandom and I'm finally going to publish it. Please read and review, let me know what you think. As always, be kind, be respectful, be awesome, and write on! Enjoy. Peeta Mellark drives up the gravel road, and he wonders if he took a wrong turn somewhere. The thought that he might be lost is frustrating because that just makes the fact that he's been away from home so long that he literally forgot where he came from more apparent. He slows for a moment, looks at his GPS on his phone, which is about to die, and it says that he is headed in the right direction, but his GPS has failed him before, so he doesn't completely trust it. The last thing he wants or needs is to be lost in the middle of the dense woods. While Panem has grown quite a bit since he left nearly ten years ago, it is still surrounded by forest and mountains and it's easy to get turned around if a person doesn't know where they're going. Finally, he sees the house, and he is relieved. He pulls up the drive. The property is nice, ideal, and picturesque. The house is bigger than in the picture online, and the lake can be seen from the distance. He sees a woman out on the front porch, sweeping. Peeta can't believe that he's actually here now. After toying with the idea for a couple of months, he finally decided to take a chance and move back to Panem. When he first considered moving back home, he hated himself. He was supposed to be having this great life in New York, a great career, and he certainly was supposed to be happy. In his mind, it was supposed to be this permanent state. He was supposed to be happily married, with a couple of kids even, and he was supposed to be able to go to bed at night with his wife in his arms and a picture his family in his mind. But then again, he was eighteen years old, newly married, and too idealistic to believe that reality would enter in to the equation at any point. Moving back to Panem doesn't feel like so much of a risk as it feels like a defeat of sorts. Like he's conceding the point that there's always something to be found right at home. Something better. He parks the car, then he gets out, and the woman waves with a smile. "Hi Mrs. Everdeen," He greets her. "How're you doing?" "Just fine," she smiles. "And you?" "Good," he smiles. "The property is amazing." "Thank you," she says. "It was my husband's. When he died, I couldn't bear living in it without him, so, I decided to sell." "Well, it's great," he says. "So um...I know that we're supposed to officially meet with the realtor tomorrow, but I can assure you that I'm more than willing to pay whatever rent you set, and I can aid in the upkeep." "Oh no, don't worry about that," she waves off. "Well, let me give you a tour of the house. Now, this is the main house. This is the living area." He follows her through the house. "As you can see, there's a beautiful fireplace," she says. "And through here, is the dining room," she says, "and through here is the kitchen. It's got updated features, great appliances, which, I know will appeal to you. And in the back is the patio and outdoor kitchen. Through here is the reception room and library, so if you need some quiet time, this is a good place to go. Used to be my husband's study...he collected books." "It's great," he says, looking around. They go upstairs. "So, like I said, the second floor has three bedrooms, and the third floor has two more bedrooms, and the very top floor is attic space." "This is so nice," he comments as he goes to the window. "Wow, it's a great view." "Yeah, it's the best," Victoria says. He opens up the door to the bedroom, and it's spacious. "How do you like it?" "It's great," he says. "Thank you," Victoria says, looking around. "I know that you'll take good care of it. My daughters weren't all that happy about me selling, but I know you'll appreciate it." "Your daughter's Katniss, right?" "Yes," she confirmed. "Katniss and Primrose. I have to warn you that Katniss will probably pop by sometime soon to check the house...she's a little on the moody side." Peeta laughed. "Yeah um, I remember that much from when we were in school. How is Prim?" "Oh, she's fine," Victoria smiles as they head downstairs. "She just graduated from college, so, she's back home now. She's a dental hygienist." "Congratulations," he says. "I'm proud of both my girls," she says. "Anyway, we'll meet tomorrow and settle everything with the realtor." "Awesome," he says. "My furniture should be here in a couple days, and then I'll be able to get settled." "Now, if you need anything before tomorrow, here's my number," she says. "I live in town. And the cleaning service comes twice a month for clean up, and maintenance." "Thank you," he says. Victoria smiles. "Our families didn't really associate with each other, but...it's good that you saw fit to come back home." He nods. With that, she exits the house. Katniss can't help but smile as she watches the two toddlers play in the creek. Their parents are keeping a close eye on them while letting them explore and play. It's a lovely afternoon, and the bright sun beams through the rustling trees. Takes off her boots, then she steps into the cool stream, her camera ready. "Mama, lookit!" The little girl exclaims, holding up a shiny rock. Katniss kneels down and takes a picture. She zooms in, catching the other little girl, by the name of Breanne, in the same shot with her cousin, Gaebrie. The girls laugh and trade trinkets they find in the water, and Katniss moves around them, capturing the scene. The girls are so caught up in the world their little minds have conjured, that they hardly pay attention to the camera, which is good. Trying to take real time pictures with babies is complicated because they are fickle, especially when they sense that someone else is watching. Walks up, goes on some rocks to get a better view, and takes a picture. Katniss checks her shots, trying to see if she's gotten every angle possible. "Sarah, Melissa," she calls. "Can I get some shots with you and the girls? Interact with them." "Sure," the mothers say. The mothers get involved, and Katniss takes photos of the women and their daughters. "Okay, can I get you all to pose together?" Katniss asks. She poses them, and then she takes several shots. "Thank you, Katniss," Melissa says. "I really appreciate you taking these portraits." "You're welcome," Katniss smiles. "I should have them edited and ready by next week." "Thanks again," Sarah says. Katniss slips back into her shoes, then she heads back to her car. Her cell phone rings, and she picks it up. "Hey mom," she answers. "I'm at the restaurant, should I wait?" "Um, go ahead and get our table, I'll meet you there in about fifteen minutes." "Alright, see you then, dear," Victoria says. Katniss stows her equipment and secures it, then she makes her way back into town. Panem is just big enough to be busy and thriving, but just small enough to where people know each other and they know their families. Growing up here had been ideal, and she loved being near the woods. The woods are home to her. Her and her father used to trek through and go hiking, gather up plants, flowers, and berries, go camping, sometimes hunting. Her childhood is full of memories of green and the smell of pine. When her father gave her a camera as a birthday gift, she found her second love. She drives through, looking at the people walking along the sidewalks, going into various shops and businesses, the apartments and the homes. She wants to look at it all with the same eyes that grew up here, but she can't. It's taken on a new color, a hazy transfiguration that she can't quite work out in her mind and heart. Katniss parks on the street and walks up to the cafe where she is meeting her mother for lunch. She walks in, and her mother waves her over. "Hi Mom," Katniss says as she sits down. "Hi," Victoria says. "I hope you don't mind, I ordered you a soda." "That's fine," Katniss says as she pushes her hair behind her ears. "Thank you. I'm starving." The women peruse through the menu, then they order. "I just met with my buyer," she informs her daughter. Katniss frowns involuntarily as she dips her bread into her tomato soup. "Katniss, don't be cross," Victoria says. "I don't understand why you couldn't just rent it out," Katniss huffed. "It was Daddy's." "I know, dear, but you're living here in town, and Prim is planning on moving in with friends," Victoria explains. "It's lonely without your father." "I know," Katniss shrugs. Victoria grins. "So who's the stranger buying the house?" Katniss asks. "He's not really a stranger," Victoria says as she stabs at her salad. "He's actually someone you went to school with..." "Who?" "Peeta Mellark. You both went to District Twelve High." Katniss shakes her head. "I vaguely remember him...there was a mess of boys...weren't there like three or four of them?" "I think so, but you go to their bakery all the time," her mother says. "Yeah, but I don't know them," Katniss says. "I don't know him. We didn't hang out at all in school." "He's a chef now," Victoria says. "He's worked all over the world..." "Is he down on his luck?" Katniss asks. "No...I mean, not from what he's told me," Victoria explains. "Why?" "Because, why move back here?" Katniss asks. "If he's been all over the world, why move back to Panem? Of all the places..." "Peeta said that he took up an offer to be co-owner of that restaurant near the resort." "Oh, right," Katniss nods. "But it's been closed for almost a year." "Well, he didn't give me all the details, but it seems like his move out here is permanent." Katniss tries to search her memory of him, and only vague remembrances come to mind: a much smaller, chubbier, toothless version of him in the school pictures in kindergarten, then a lanky tweener working the booth at football games with his parents while cheering his older brothers on, him in art class, briefly partnering with him in chemistry. Other than that, she doesn't know him, but she does remember that he's handsome. All of the Mellark boys were good looking boys. "He's single, from the looks of things," Victoria throws in. "Hmm," Katniss says, uninterested, as she eats her soup. Victoria looks at her daughter. "He's not some psycho murderer, Dear." "It's not that, I'll take your word that he's a nice guy," Katniss says. "I just...it's our family home. It should stay in our family." "It could have been Uncle Haymitch," Victoria teases. Katniss chuckles. "I'll take that old drunk bastard over a stranger any day." "It'll be fine," Victoria assures. "Anyway, are you still going to Posy's birthday party?" "Of course," Katniss says. "In fact, Hazelle