Baby Girl, Black By: Michelle Rose Landau Summary: She became their child the moment they took her into their arms. They didn't see a negro baby; they saw the answer to their prayers... 1965...In the midst of the changing political and ethnic face of America, the adoption of a black baby in the quiet, predominately white town of Mockingjay, Panem County, Illinois bursts the bubble of isolation and naivety shielding it from the rest of the nation. Peeta and Katniss Mellark have been married for fifteen years. Though they've long stopped hoping for a child, they are happy. They've got a good circle of friends, Peeta owns his own business, they're faithful, and they have good families. They've lived a quiet, modest life together. When the couple stumbles upon an abandoned infant, they consider it nothing short of a miracle, and they immediately take the baby in and begin to share their joy and plans with their families and friends. The joyful news is quickly dampened when suddenly, the quaint little town becomes a pressure cooker as the bounds of tolerance is tested and long held beliefs are challenged by the tide of change. Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games series, nor any of its characters. They are the sole creative property of Suzanne Collins. A/N: This is an edited version of the first chapter. The full explanation of this is in chapter three. As a warning: there will be some offensive comments, themes, and suggestions as the story gets further on, and they are purely to reflect sentiments of the time period, and they do not reflect my own personal beliefs. Even still, they will be offensive and even puzzling or comical. I will try and be as delicate as I can, and also try to do the characters justice. I am African-American, and part of the comments are actually coming from my own personal experience with prejudice, and stories told by relatives who lived during the era. If there are any reviews, I just ask that there be civil discourse please, as with anything else, thank you. Thank you again, please respect each other, and write on. Enjoy. ~one~ It wasn't that Mockingjay, Panem County, Illinois was a terrible place to live, or unfriendly. It wasn't the kind of small town that was dusty and really rural, and forgotten, or one of those towns that sat along the highway and was easily missed if one blinked. The streets were well kept, the town center was bustling, people drove nice cars, and the people who did own land were not backwoods hicks without manners or substance. Mockingjay, Illinois wasn't like that at all. Mockingjay sat at the southwestern most part of the state of Illinois, about thirty miles from the Illinois-Missouri state border. It was about three miles off of the main highway that lead straight up to Chicago. Passers-through were common, and often welcome, because that was Mockingjay: friendly, welcoming, a great place for families. There were neighborhoods that were safe, full of children, a nice, sprawling town park, and people were generally happy, smiling, and there was very little crime, at least in the nicer part. There was a lower-income area near the edge of the city limits called Seam Valley where crime tended to happen more often. The people of Mockingjay were good, honest, hard-working, church going people. Good, upstanding families. There were the Snows, who poured money into the development of Mockingjay, transforming it from a bankrupt mining town into a booming merchant economy. Cyrus Snow, the patriarch of the family, bought the mine and brought more jobs, and developed the town, brought businesses in. Then his son, Coriolanus, brought the town into the modern age by investing in political and manufacturing interests, and he served as mayor of the town. Then there were the Undersees, who formed the Citizens' Council of City Interests, an organization that oversees ordinances and receives input from the residents on how to make Mockingjay better. Reed and Betty Undersee participated in political campaigns, and were active in the community. Reed also served on the City Council. They were good people, though they had to endure the controversy of their daughter, Madge, marrying a boy from Seam Valley and moving with him to live there, as she was disowned, which broke Betty's heart. Eventually, Madge was able to move up in the world, and once grandchildren came, all was forgotten. Then there were the Mellarks, whose bread and pastry factory brought even more jobs to Mockingjay. Ian Mellark and his wife Anika had a bakery, and business was so good, that they had to expand. Their son, George, took over the business end and eventually a factory was built, during which time he married Veena Moran, one of the most beautiful, available girls in town. She was a socialite, and she came from old Pennsylvanian money. She didn't share her husband's passion for the business, but enjoyed the status and the benefits. They had three sons: Van, Isaak, and Peeta. They too had to endure the trauma of their youngest, Peeta, marrying down. He married a girl from Seam Valley, and she came with him to live in the prominent Capitol Hills neighborhood. There were the infamous Threads, the Hawthornes, The Everdeens, the Cartwrights, the Masons, the prominent Odairs and Coins, the Heavensbees, and Haymitch Abernathy. There were others too. This history was reinforced into the school children, who were then trained by their parents to ingrain it in their hearts so that they could carry on the legacy. In the midst, history took place, and Mockingjay seemed immune. Of course the Kennedy assassination struck all of them dumb; the assassination of the country's leader was something they never thought they'd seen in their lifetimes. There was a shadow of sadness, even in people who didn't agree with President Kennedy's politics, or his being a Catholic. Civil Rights never quite reached the borders of Mockingjay. Sure, there were reports on family television sets, updates from the South, from Washington DC. Nobody really talked about the plight of the blacks, but everyone seemed to agree that at the very least, the treatment of them was uncalled for, uncivilized, even. No, Mockingjay was embracing a different kind of history, one that was a certain way, and definitions were clear and agreeable. Everyone fit nicely into their little pods. Father Titus Augustine served the parishioners of the Cathedral of St. Luke the Evangelist. The congregation was fairly large, many of them devout, but they were looked down upon because many were suspicious of the Church, and of Father Titus because of the progressive ideas he taught to his congregation. He made his congregation think about those difficult and uncomfortable questions because he was a man of God, of science, and of questioning. The Reverend Seneca Crane preached to the congregation of 12th District Baptist Church about praying for those less fortunate, and giving to those in need, he preached about justice, and for the negroes who needed guidance from the Lord. He always talked about good Christian charity and values, but his first priority was making sure that he offended no one and that things were kept simple and civil. "We are blessed to be here," he said to his congregation often. "To be in such a great place." Almost everyone converged in the respective churches every Sunday and then gathered together as a town in the meadow for the weekly brunch after services concluded. Katniss fingered her necklace with a cross made of smooth obsidian-colored pearls inset in a border of tiny diamonds dangling from it. Peeta stumbled upon it when they went on a family vacation with his parents, his brothers, and their wives and children to the coast. He had it turned into a necklace, and surprised her with it on Valentine's Day fifteen years ago when they were in high school. She liked the way it felt between her fingers, and it made her feel as though she was touching his love for her. It was the single sweetest gift because he knew how devout she was, and how much her faith meant to her. She watched as everyone mingled at the brunch, located outside in the church picnic grounds. She was sitting next to Madge Hawthorne, who was sitting next to Lorna Cartwright, and the two women were in deep conversation about something Katniss hadn't cared to pay attention to. It was likely gossip, or talk of a love match. She watched the children play on the playground, and she watched as her mother-in-law, Veena, made a show of spoiling her grandsons, even though Katniss knew, along with people who knew the Mellarks well enough, that otherwise, she couldn't be too bothered. The boys only went to their grandparents' house because of their grandfather, who was more engaged. Veena delighted in her grandchildren, but they were boys, and she was tired of boys, after having raised three boys. Katniss smiled slightly as she watched the Mellark boys and the Hawthorne girls play together. The two oldest happened to be born within months of each other. Cicely Hawthorne, the oldest girl out of four, was thirteen, and Oliver Mellark, the oldest grandson, was also thirteen. They both were inseparable, which stuck in Veena's craw, but she had no say about it, as they were not her natural born children. Katniss was thankful to God for that. She knew well of Veena's meddling ways. Then the realization that they were thirteen hit her. Time was a stealthy thing. Peeta came back to the table with two plates, and he placed hers in front of her. "Thank you," she said appreciatively. He leaned in and kissed her. It was hard for Peeta to believe that he and Katniss had been living in the same house, in the same neighborhood, attending the same church, in the same town for fifteen years. Not that they really wanted to live anywhere else, but until a few weeks ago, when they celebrated their fifteenth anniversary, he never realized how permanent it all seemed now. Their split-level, four bedroom home on Spear Street, has seen fifteen springs, summers, autumns, and winters. It's been decorated and redecorated at least four times, it's hosted friends and neighbors that began as childhood friends, it's been the provider of some of the best stew and chili at the annual Fourth of July block party, and it's been a refuge as their marriage blossomed and evolved and weathered and strained. Their home has been a gathering place for their friends' children and they've watched them grow. Fifteen years of dinners, brunches, church functions, and Katniss' book clubs and ladies' lunches, and a wedding. Fifteen years of walking in and out of the front door, of being greeted by his wife and (her) cat, Butterscotch, of sitting with her at the kitchen table for meals, of lovemaking and intimate conversations. While things changed, there were some things that remained constant: Katniss' love for him, her unwavering devotion, and her beauty. The aging was subtle, but there, but it added to her beauty. He saw the years in his own face, but otherwise, they looked a little of the same as they did when they first married, only taller and with different styles of clothes. The other constant was that he loved her deeply, unendingly. There was never a moment where he regretted or questioned it. It was gratifying to know that putting their marriage first allowed them to come this far while they were still yet young. The very thought of enjoying many more years with his wife gave him new purpose and made him want her that much more. He was forever happy with Katniss, that wasn't going to change, but one of the side effects of fifteen years of marriage was the fact that they'd fallen into a routine. Everything seemed to be scheduled, which was fine, he