August 20th, 1991 Harry barely looked up as his aunt walked by the couch. There was little point in doing so. For years now, it had felt like he was invisible. Whenever he tried to talk to uncle Vernon, he would not answer. If he stepped in Dudley's way, his cousin would simply turn around and find another path to wherever he was going. Eventually, Harry decided to test the limits of this phenomena and move into Dursley's toy room. To his surprise, his cousin never set foot in that room again, and Harry got to claim all its contents for himself. It was as if the other boy had forgotten about its existence. It hadn't always been this way. When Harry was six or seven, his cousin had taken great pleasure in pushing him around. Petunia would reward Dudley for his behavior while chastising Harry. As far as uncle Vernon, anything Harry said or did was cause for a shouting fit. Even so, Harry missed the way things were. At least back then somebody acknowledged his existence. There was something incredibly disconcerting about trying to talk to Dudley and having the boy stare through Harry as if he was looking through empty space. Being bullied was almost preferable to being ignored – or at least that's the way Harry felt after years of the latter. Moments after his aunt left, Harry heard a strange scratching sound at front door. The Dursleys didn't have any pets – Petunia would not allow animals in the house. She saw them as filthy – never mind all the dirt Dudley tracked in. Curious, Harry walked to the door and opened it. A small brown owl was hopping on the welcome mat. Harry crouched down next to the owl. He had never seen one before. Just as he reached out to pet it, the bird flew away. Harry was about to get up when he noticed the envelope left behind. Harry retrieved the letter, and examined the back. It was addressed to himself – Harry Potter, the smallest bedroom, 4 Privett Drive. Nobody ever sent him mail. For that matter, nobody ever sent the Dursleys envelopes like this one. It was made of a thick, heavy material rather than standard paper. The address was written out in the fanciest cursive he had ever seen. He closed the door behind him, and carefully broke the seal – a thick red piece of wax stamped with some sort of medieval crest. The letter inside was written out in the same elaborate hand. Dear Mr. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Enclosed is a list of all the necessary books and equipment. We understand your unique situation in being raised by your muggle relatives, and the difficulties they may encounter in taking you to Diagon Alley. As such, we have arranged a portkey that will take you to Hogsmeade. From there, a professor will escort you on your shopping trip. This letter is the portkey. The activation phrase is "Griffin." We will be expecting you at 10AM on August 23 rd . Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress Harry rubbed his chin as he finished the letter. Nothing this interesting had ever happened to him before. He didn't have any friends, so he had no idea who would want to play a prank on him. "What is a portkey," he muttered scanning the letter one more time. "...or a Griffin?" He had barely finished speaking when a he felt a tug at his navel followed by a gut wrenching sensation. His bedroom disappeared from before his eyes, and he came to sprawled on a cobblestone street. He rubbed his elbow where it had struck the stone. As he sat up, he took in his surroundings. There were buildings, no... shops, on either side. A few oddly dressed people were walking around. They seemed to be wearing dresses – both the men and the women. Harry looked down at the letter now crumpled in his hand. He hadn't realized how hard he was squeezing. He walked to a nearby shopfront, and smoothed it out against a wall. 'Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.' That didn't make any sense. Everybody knew witches and wizards were make-believe. But if that was the case, how had he ended up here? The portkey, whatever it was, was supposed to take him to Hogsmeade. Harry knew he should feel afraid or anxious, but oddly enough, that was not the case. What just happened was strange, but Harry's life wasn't entirely normal in the first place. The kids on the telly had families that cared about them, friends, and lives that were quite different than his own. He rarely got out of the house – people on the outside tended to ignore him just as the Dursleys had, so there was little point in doing so. A strangely dressed woman was just about to walk past. She looked a few years younger than aunt Petunia, and was carrying a bag of groceries in one hand. Harry decided to ask her where he was, even though he didn't expect an answer. "Miss?" She stopped walking and turned towards Harry. "Hello there." Harry was speechless for a moment, but he quickly recovered. "I think I'm lost. Could you tell where Hogsmeade is?" The lady smiled. "You are in Hogsmeade, sweety." Harry looked down at the letter. "How about Hogwarts?" "Hogwarts is a few kilometers away." She looked around the street. "Are you alone?" Harry nodded. "I got this letter in the mail. I don't think I can explain what happened next..." He held out the letter, and the woman took it. As she read it, her eyes grew wider with each passing second. "Harry Potter?" "Just Harry..." She smiled, handing Harry the letter. "It seems like you activated the Portkey. It's only August 16th, so a full week early, too." "What's a Portkey?" "It's a thing that can take you from one place to another." She frowned for a moment. "I suppose if you were raised by muggle relatives, you might not have heard of one before." "Oh, ok." Harry didn't understand a word of what she had just said. "It's an honor to meet you, by the way." "Why?" The lady frowned briefly before smiling once again. "For saving us all? For defeating You-Know-Who?" "Who?" "You know… or maybe not. Maybe your relatives didn't tell you about that yet. Forget I mentioned it. Let's see if we can find you a professor." Harry nodded, eager to leave the odd conversation behind. He wasn't used to talking to people. "Come with me." The woman offered Harry her hand, and Harry took it. She led him to a nearby building. Through the front windows, Harry could see tables inside, some of them occupied by people. They were all wearing the funny clothing. Harry was starting to think that maybe he was the odd one in Hogsmeade. The woman took Harry straight to the bar. A couple of the patrons greeted her as she passed, and she waved back. "Hello Rosmerta!" "Morning Amelie! I see you picked up the groceries." The woman at the bar, Rosmerta, paused as she saw Harry. "Who's your friend?" "A Hogwarts first year that got here a bit early." "I'd say. Will he be helping you out in the kitchen today?" Amelie laughed, letting go of Harry's hand to place the grocery bags behind the counter. "I'm afraid not. We need to contact a professor for him." "Right. Well, you know where the floo is." Amelie beckoned Harry towards the fireplace set into the adjacent wall. He followed, curious why she would want to light a fire. She bent down so that they were at eye level. "I'm going to have to make a quick floo-call to Hogwarts. Have you seen a floo before?" Harry shook his head. "I'm going to put my head inside a fire, but don't worry, it won't burn me. Remember, green flame is safe, red is dangerous." Harry stood by as the woman proceeded to pull out a wooden stick and light a fire almost instantaneously. This was amazing. It took uncle Vernon almost ten minutes of swearing to do the same thing with a lighter and paper back at home whenever they were to have guests over. The next part was even cooler. Amelie took a handful of powder from a vase next to the fireplace, and threw it in the flames. They turned a bright shade of green. She winked at Harry before murmuring something and sticking her head into the flames. Harry cringed, waiting for her to pull back. Surprisingly, she stayed put for several minutes. When she emerged, she was smiling rather than crying with pain. "I spoke to the deputy headmistress, and she is expecting you at her office now. You can step into the fireplace – your whole body, not just your head, and it will take you to her." "Like the protkey?" "Exactly! It doesn't feel as unpleasant though..." Harry nodded. He didn't want to Amelie to think he was afraid, so he stepped up towards the fire. "Thank you for helping me." Amelie smiled, patting him on the shoulder. "It was my pleasure. Good luck at Hogwarts!" Harry smiled, and took a deep breath before stepping through the flames. He stood in a stone room. The walls were lined with bookshelves. In front of him stood a large desk cluttered with scrolls, and staring at him was a gray-haired woman dressed in simliar clothes to the ones Amelie had been wearing, but even more archaic. "Good Morning. Harry Potter?" Harry nodded slowly, still slightly dazed from the Floo. "Hello" "Welcome to Hogwarts. I am professor McGonagall, the deputy headmistress of Hogwarts. The lady that took you to the three broomsticks filled me in on some of how you arrived here, but I must ask, how did you come to activate the portkey early?" There was a slight reproach in the woman's tone, but Harry got the sense that she was more curious than anything. "I don't know what a portkey is, ma'am" "The letter you received was a single-use portkey - a means of magical transportation. While your guardians are non-magical, they should have been able to inform you of that much. Unfortunately, you activated it well before the scheduled date." Harry wasn't sure what to say, so he asked the question that had been on his mind all morning. "Magic is real?" "Magic is very real. You are standing in Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry, the finest school for magic in all of Britain. I find your lack of foreknowledge worrisome. Did your guardians speak to you about your heritage at all?" Harry shook his head slowly. "They never speak to me at all anymore." McGonagall frowned. "That is not good. We shall have to investigate. Do they mistreat you?" Harry shrugged. "They never notice me, but I help myself to the fridge, and have a room with a bed and toys." The deputy headmistress nodded slowly. "It is reassuring to know that your basic needs are met, at the very least. Regardless, I will arrange to have somebody look into your home life by the time you are off for winter break." She looked at Harry's eyes, and her expression softened. "I would take you to Diagon Alley myself, but I have an incredible amount of paperwork in perpetration for the term. I will however ask one of the other professors to accompany you for your shopping. I am afraid they are all rather busy this close to the start of term, but I will see who is least occupied at the moment." Professor McGonagall turned around and walked towards a large fireplace. She stuck her head in the fireplace, and a stream of incoherent mumbling drifted Harry's way from the fireplace. Minutes ticked