Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. This is my first story, so I entered it into the Anything Goes TwiFic Contest. Beta'd and Pre-Read by GeekChic12. Not sure if I'll continue it, so I'm not going to mark it Complete just yet. Please leave a review if you feel inclined to do so. Thanks for reading. Only the Beginning My best friend and I were exploring the resort that our school had booked for our senior trip at Lake Goodwin. It wasn't long before we came upon the Community Club that drew us in like moths to a flame. "I swear to God, Emmett. I don't know what I'm doing! He's been driving me crazy for years!" I exclaimed as, once again, fate was messing with me. What I saw through the large windows of the resort's clubhouse made my blood boil. Edward Cullen dancing with some bimbo from another school was bringing out the same jealousy and hurt I felt every time I'd seen him with another girl over the years. Emmett had the nerve to smirk and shake his head as he witnessed Edward's antics. "He's just been giving you space, Bella. He's never been sure where you stand with him. The way he pines over you—" "Oh, please! He'd ask a tree out to avoid asking me!" I stomped my foot and growled in frustration. I was fed up with Edward and his behavior. I needed to know if there would ever be an 'us,' and I needed to know right now. "Emmett, please! Go tell him I want to talk to him—before I lose my nerve." Emmett stood back for a moment, contemplating my request. He'd been the peacemaker between Edward and me for years. "Listen to yourself. You can do so much better than him, Bella. You and I have been friends, even best friends, since we were kids. Why don't you go out with me? See if there's more there. Just once!" Now it was my turn to be shocked. "What? Really? I—" He stepped closer, stopping just before our lips touched. I watched as he tensed and slowly retreated. His hot breath lingered and brought me out of my stupor. Without a word, he frowned, turned, and walked away. Immediately, I put my fist in my mouth, bit down, and screamed. What the hell was that? Why would Emmett think I would want to be more than friends with him? Besides, I thought he liked the new girl, Rosalie. My questions and thoughts were relentless as I watched Emmett enter the clubhouse and approach Edward, who was now showing the girl he'd been dancing with moments ago how to aim her billiards cue. I was immediately jealous of his arms around her. Edward looked up, following Emmett's pointed finger at me. I gulped, and my cheeks flamed up in embarrassment. I was frozen for a moment. Edward smiled, keeping his eyes focused on me. I suddenly felt like I was his prey, and just as I thought I was going to faint, his smile grew larger, and his eyes sparkled in delight. I was a goner. Or so I thought. "Hey, Bella. What are you doing out here?" "Oh!" I turned to confirm Ben's presence. He was another boy I was always awkward around, but I considered him a friend, like Emmett. But since he thought more of me, perhaps Ben did too? Why did boys have to be so complicated? "Would you like to go inside? Looks like they're having fun," he commented easily and pushed his large glasses up the bridge of his nose. I followed his gaze, which was a mistake. To my horror, Edward was kissing the girl I'd seen him with all night. I turned away quickly and stepped away from the glass, walking past Ben until his hand grasped my elbow. "I'm really sorry, Bella. Is it Edward?" Ben asked softly. I nodded and wondered how this situation could get any more embarrassing. "Oh, I didn't realize you actually had feelings for him." Ben let go of my elbow and handed me a kleenex. "Bella, I don't think you should be alone right now. How about we go for a walk?" How could Edward do this to me? Tears escaped and rolled down my cheeks. I didn't know what to do now any more than I had over the past few years. I covered my face with my hands and cried. I felt hands on me trying to soothe me, but they didn't belong to whom I wanted to be held by, so I broke away and ran. "Bella! Bella, wait!" I ignored the shouts behind me. I didn't know where I was trying to go, but I knew I was running out of real estate quickly. I wiped my eyes, trying to see. I was deathly afraid of deep water, and it was so dark I could barely make out the end of the dock two feet in front of me. Right at the end, I stopped and bent over, trying to catch my breath. The sound of rapidly approaching footsteps fought to drown out the echo of my heartbeat in my ears. Someone's arms wrapped around me from behind, catching me off guard, and I stumbled, causing them to tighten around me in a possessively protective embrace. "Bella! Thank God!" Edward panted, trying to catch his breath as well. "I'm sorry! I was just playing around, trying to make you jealous. I saw Ben beside you, and I lost it. She means absolutely nothing to me. I was so stupid!" I was a sobbing, snotty mess and was still trying to catch my breath. I fought his hold and hit him with all my might, punctuating each word with a frustrated blow to his chest. "You never want anything to do with me!" When I was through, I leaned on him, exhausted. After a few moments, when both of us had calmed, Edward spoke softly. "I want everything to do with you, Bella, but you keep pushing me away. I've loved you for so long, you know." His velvet voice made my body hum. His lips were so close to my ear, and I felt so good in his arms. I wanted to stay in the moment forever, but then his words sank in, and it pissed me off. I began to cry again, feeling sorry for myself. Surely this wasn't how true love was supposed to be. If he loved me, why wasn't he with me? Wasn't I good enough? "I'm so sorry, Bella, that I've hurt you. From my first day of school when we met, I've only ever wanted you. I've just never known quite how to show you, my precious Bella." My heart melted at his pet name for me. It had been too long since I'd heard him call me his precious Bella. I rubbed my eyes with my hands, willing them to focus. I took a deep breath and then another. "You're right, Edward. How is it we've played this cat and mouse game since seventh grade?" He took my hands and motioned for me to sit down. I did and watched him as he knelt down to unlace my shoes and then remove them and my socks. Then he did the same and slipped his feet into the water, so I did, too. For over an hour, I explained how I felt about him, especially when he was all over that other girl earlier. How my feelings for him had grown over the years, yet we managed to not do anything about it. We reminisced about the special moments we'd had, such as when we hugged after he broke the 1500-meter school track record or when I received a standing ovation for my performance in Romeo and Juliet and he'd looked at me like I was the only girl in the world. How we had each dated other people just to make the other jealous. We laughed at each other's antics. I got serious again. "Part of the reason I've pushed you away is because my father doesn't like you. He thinks I should keep my focus on school and not on boys or any other distraction, and Edward, you are definitely a distraction," I admitted. "You know, I never thought I'd be going to go to college a virgin!" Stunned that I had just said that out loud, I gasped and rose, wanting to flee up the hill toward our classmates, the lights, and music; to my normal, awkward teenage life. "No, Bella, you won't be. Come with me." Startled at his command, I let him gently thread his fingers through mine and pull me alongside him. ~ ~ O ~ ~ We held hands along the sandy beach as we walked toward the cabins in which the resort had put our senior class. A few of our classmates saw us, thanks to the full moon. A couple of them whistled and catcalled, while a couple of the popular girls stood in shock. I did my best to ignore them all, focusing instead on the handsome young man who was possibly leading me into the next chapter of my life. His steady breathing calmed me so much so that I didn't realize we were farther away from our schoolmates than we should've been. Edward unlocked the door to the mysterious cabin and guided me inside. The interior was very different from the one I was in. Just as I was going to ask Edward about it, he shushed me with his finger on my lips. His touch lit my body on fire, making me gasp as soon as he removed his finger. Edward's green eyes twitched and darkened as I licked my parched lips. He was so much taller than me; I was momentarily frightened as he hovered above me, suddenly feeling like I was his prey once again. In a flash, my predator's lips were on mine. At first, it was a soft kiss, like he was afraid my lips would shatter. Wanting more, I stood on my tiptoes to reach him better. He was surprised but relaxed his lips, welcoming mine. Finally! After nearly six years, we had our first kiss. I immediately touched my lips, savoring the moment. My fingers were like ice, and they were putting out the fire. I couldn't help but smile as I slowly retreated to stand flat on my feet. His eyes were downcast, perhaps looking at my feet, but then his gaze moved upward, following the shape of my body. As he got to my chest, I realized he was watching me breathe heavily. I wasn't wearing anything revealing, but it made me self-conscious anyway. I closed my eyes and blushed in embarrassment. I half-turned, determined to get a bit of distance, but he suddenly reached out to me. "Why are you blushing? Didn't you like our first kiss?" His fingertips caressed my cheek, leaving a line of fire in their wake. I leaned toward his touch. "I did, Edward. It was amazing," I answered softly and grabbed my neck. "Got anything to drink?" Thanks to all the screaming and crying earlier, my throat was like a desert. That, and I needed to cool down before I combusted. I blushed as I replayed the kiss in my mind. He smirked and grabbed my hand. "Come on, then." He fixed me a glass of ice water, which I took gratefully. "Thank you," I said after drinking nearly the whole glass. After settling things in the kitchen, he turned off the light and led me to a leather sofa in the living room. "Where are we, Edward?" "This is my cabin. My family owns the property next to the resort. The main house is closer to the cove, but this cabin was remodeled and given to me last year for