The Butcher of Hogwarts Disclaimer Harry Potter and associated content are the property of their respective owners – I am definitely not one of them. Notes The story has mostly followed canon till the escape from Gringotts. There are a few minor divergences that will be explained in the appropriate context. Italicised paragraphs are flashbacks. Some reviewers have pointed that the narrative in this chapter is somewhat hard to follow. To clarify, there are three different narratives in this chapter. — The first one is the main narrative. It describes things as they happen in the present (from the characters' point of view). It is written in indefinite and continuous tenses. For example — Harry did something, Harry was doing something etc. — The second one describes something that happened in the past (from the characters' point of view). It is written in perfect and perfect continuous tenses. For example — Harry had done something, Harry had been doing something etc. — The third one describes flashbacks. It is written in italics . While it looks similar to the first one, the narrator is describing events that happened in the past (from the characters' point of view) by putting themselves in the same timeframe as the events. I still like to think that the narrative is clear from the context, but I added the explanation above based on the reviews I got. Please read and let me know what you think. It was a nice warm sunny day in London. Diagon Alley, the primary commercial district of magical Britain, was teeming with witches and wizards going about their business. The only sign of anything unusual was the sight of some strangely dressed people looking at various storefronts selling merchandise that they had only heard of in fiction and myths — merchandise ranging from flying broomsticks to wands, from parchments and quills to robes and cloaks, from owls to snakes. . . While most of them were looking with a sense of awe and curiosity on their faces, there we some who were barely concealing the disgust or fear they felt. They were muggles — people born without the gift of magic in their blood. One might wonder about the presence of muggles in a magical shopping district — especially since the Statue of Secrecy enacted by the magical governments all over the world forbade witches and wizards from revealing the existence of magic to muggles. But these were special muggles. They were special because they had at least one child that was magical — and hence, were exempt from some of the restrictions imposed by the Statue. The reason for the presence of the muggles in Diagon Alley was simple — as any long-time business owner in the street could tell you — the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, arguably the premier school of magic in all of Europe, had started dispatching letters inviting students for the upcoming academic year. Many of the establishments in the alley expected to see more business in the upcoming few weeks than the rest of the year combined. One of the muggles wandering in the alley was a Mr. Joseph Evans, who was escorting his fifteen-year-old daughter, Lily. Lily was going to start her fifth year at Hogwarts on the first of September. Ordinarily, she would have come with both her parents — but her sister, Petunia, who was not a witch, had refused to set foot in what she called the Freaky Alley. Mrs. Evans had decided to stay back with her. The Evans parents were in the strongly in the camp of muggles who had been delighted to discover the hidden world of magic — not repulsed by it. Mr. Evans smiled at Lily who excitedly explained about anything that looked even remotely interesting. They were walking towards Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions when it happened. Lily found herself sprawled on the cobbled street — she had not been paying attention to where she was going as she excitedly talked about the latest model of telescope she had seen displayed in one of the storefronts. Her eyes widened as she realised what had happened — she had run into a noble looking wizard wearing rather expensive looking robes. While she couldn't discern his features because he had kept his hood up, she could tell he came from one of the rich pureblood families — no-one else would bother with such an attire just for a stroll down the Diagon — even if they could afford it in the first place. "I apologise, Miss. I wasn't looking where I was going," said the unknown wizard, offering his hand to help her up. "It was my fault. I got a bit carried away. I am really sorry," apologised Lily, more than a little intimidated. "It is quite understandable," the wizard chuckled as he waved his wand to help her father gather her things which were all over the place. "Thank you!" Lily said shyly. She had been afraid that the wizard might end up calling her names — or insulting her heritage. It is something she had gotten used to over the last four years at Hogwarts. But she didn't want her father to hear any of it. She knew he would not let a slur against his daughter lie — and any retaliation could potentially land them in heaps of trouble. "Think nothing of it, Miss. Now, I must be going. I have some rather urgent business to attend to," replied the wizard as he stepped towards the Gringotts Wizarding Bank. The last thing she noticed as he turned away was his eyes, which were the exact same colour and shape as her own, except they appeared to be glowing slightly. Harry Potter's emotions were all over the place. He had just met the woman — girl — who would go on to become his mother. He wanted to talk to her, to tell her who he was, but he couldn't really do that — not without raising some awkward questions. He may not have been an expert, but he was confident that no teenage girl would like to meet her future son who was older than herself — especially if the son in question looked like the carbon copy of a boy whose guts she hated. So, he had behaved like a somewhat snobbish stranger. He was glad he had had the foresight to keep his hood up and apply the Notice-Me-Not charm on his face. He took a deep breath to compose himself before entering his destination — Gringotts Wizarding Bank. He couldn't help but reminisce about the last time he had been into the bank. He could remember it as it had happened yesterday — even though more than two months had passed — at least from his prospective — since that fateful day that had set into motion the chain of events leading to his current predicament. Harry, along with his closest friends, Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger, had broken into Gringotts. One might think they wanted the riches contained within the deep caverns of the bank, but they had never even thought about it. Their sole objective had been the capture of a small golden cup which had once belonged to Helga Hufflepuff — one of the founders of the Hogwarts, and arguably, the modern British magical society. While the cup in question was supposed to have tremendous historical value, and perhaps some magical properties, that is not what Harry and friends were after. The cup was also one of the anchors protecting Lord Voldemort, perhaps the worst dark wizard in the history, from being killed. It was a Horcrux — a container that held a portion of the self-styled dark lord's soul. And they had succeeded in what most would have claimed to be a fool's errand! Thanks to some skilled wand work by the trio, and a lot of sheer dumb luck, they had managed to escape with the cup and nothing more than a few minor scratches and burns. However, their escape had not been subtle. It's hard to be subtle when you escape one of the most heavily secured places in Wizarding Britain, situated in a busy shopping centre, riding a dragon, of all things. The Dark Lord had found out about the stolen Horcrux in a matter of hours. So terrible had his rage been upon hearing the news that he had killed the news-bearer on the spot, along with many of his minions in attendance. Thanks to the connection he had shared with the Dark Lord, Harry had witnessed these events unfold through Voldemort's own eyes. The very same connection had allowed him to figure out that the last remaining inanimate Horcrux was at Hogwarts. Believing that it was not very likely to be stolen from Hogwarts, Voldemort had decided to try and secure the other Horcruxes first — which, unknown to him, had already been destroyed. Not willing to risk Voldemort moving the Horcrux elsewhere, they had decided to try and beat him to it — or rather, he had decided to. Hermione hadn't wanted to go there without a plan, but he had managed to convince her somehow. He now wished he hadn't. Not only had they failed to find the Horcrux, they had no means of destroying the one they did have — having lost the Sword of Gryffindor at Gringotts. In the hindsight, it was obvious that there just wasn't enough time to comb the castle before Voldemort came calling. It wasn't a battle; it was a massacre. They had barely managed to evacuate the younger students when Voldemort had attacked with a huge army of Death Eaters, giants, dementors, inferi, trolls, werewolves, vampires and countless other dark creatures. The once legendary defences of the castle had crumbled against the determined onslaught of Voldemort's curse breakers within minutes. And then they had been sitting ducks. There was no time to organise any kind of defence. The anti-apparition and portkey enchantments meant to protect the castle from intruders had turned on its inhabitants — they couldn't even run away. They had been surrounded, literally and figuratively. The defenders of Hogwarts had fought bravely. They had taken out a large chunk out of the invading army, but they were outnumbered at least three to one. Voldemort hadn't even bothered to join the battle — he had simply waited in the Forbidden Forest with his top lieutenants. Halfway through the battle, he had asked for Harry's surrender in exchange for sparing the remaining defenders. Having no other choice, Harry had complied, despite vehement protests from his friends and allies. It was all for naught, though. Voldemort had reneged on his promise. He had wanted to make an example of what happened to those who continued to defy him. Harry had watched helplessly as Voldemort and his minions had slaughtered his friends, his teachers, the remaining students, the remnants of the Order of the Phoenix and anyone else who had taken up arms against him. He had gone nearly catatonic at the sight of the bodies of Ron, Hermione, Ginny, Luna, Neville, Remus, Tonks, Fred, George, Arthur, Molly and countless others piled together. Having slaughtered almost everyone, Voldemort had finally released him from his bindings. He hadn't bothered with a duel or monologue this time. Apparently, he had learnt his lesson from their past encounters. The bindings had barely vanished when he had hit him with a Killing Curse. And Harry had found himself facing his old headmaster at a place that reminded him of King's Cross. " You are dead!" Harry exclaimed. " Indeed," Dumbledore exhaled. " Then I guess I am dead as well," sighed Harry. " Not quite, but it doesn't really matter either way now, does it?" " What do you mean?" " What have you done, Harry?" Dumbledore looked at him with a look of extreme disappointment on his face. " What have I. .