Prologue Disclaimer Harry Potter and associated content are the property of their respective owners – I am definitely not one of them. This disclaimer is applicable to the entire story – I won't repeat it for every chapter. Harry Potter, Order of Merlin — First Class, was a household name in Magical Britain. He was more commonly known as the Man-Who-Conquered — an epithet he had gained ten years ago when he had defeated Lord Voldemort, arguably the most feared dark wizard in the history. It was the same victory that had earned him the Order of Merlin. His colleagues at the Ministry of Magic, however, knew him as Senior Auror Potter. For most people, it took a lot more than seven years to be promoted to the position of Senior Auror. A prime example was his friend Ron Weasley, who had been promoted to Auror only a year ago; although he was an extreme case who had been held back as a Junior Auror for an extra year — mostly due to his lack of motivation on his part. Many of Harry's rivals whispered behind his back that he had been promoted so quickly because of his fame and his friendship with the Minister of Magic — Kingsley Shacklebolt. But those who knew him well were aware that he had actually earned his position — even the most vocal of his critics acknowledged that he was a formidable Auror — although his fame and the friendship with the Minister hadn't hurt. Our story starts on the Halloween of 2008, when an extremely worried looking Harry Potter appeared in the Auror Headquarters, and rushed to his cubicle — barely acknowledging the greetings from his colleagues. He came out only a few minutes later, carrying a stack of parchment and almost ran towards the golden gates leading to the hallway with the lifts. As if anticipating his urgency, the golden grilles slid apart the moment he stepped towards them. Stepping into the empty lift, he pummelled the number one button, mentally urging the lift to go faster. "Level one, Minister of Magic and Support Staff," announced a cool female voice as the golden grilles slid apart again. Once again, Harry almost ran to the office that belonged to the Minister of Magic. "Evening, Natalie," he greeted the Minister's red-headed secretary. "I'd like to see the Minister. . ." "Of course, Mr. Potter. D — do you have an appointment?" She squeaked out, blushing to the roots of her hair. "Afraid not, but this in extremely urgent. Can you just pass the message? I'm sure he'll understand. . ." Less than a couple of minutes later, he was informed that the Minister was ready to see him. "What's so urgent, Harry?" asked the Minister once they had exchanged the pleasantries. "You remember the case you had asked me to look into?" asked Harry. Despite becoming the Minister, Kingsley had never truly left the Auror Office behind. He often enlisted Harry when he wanted something investigated discreetly, overriding the Heads of DMLE and Auror Office if needed. It was another reason so many were jealous of Harry and considered his promotion a result of favouritism. "You found something?" the Minister perked up. He had asked Harry to look into some strange incidents that had occurred over course of the last year. "Well, it's all circumstantial, but I have reason to believe we are dealing with at least two warring factions here. On one side we have a group of pro-pureblood extremists — calling themselves 'The First Order' — don't ask me why — I've no idea. . ." "And the other side?" "It's a group of Muggle-borns. They are not happy that they never got the representation or the rights they were promised after Voldemort's fall. . ." Kingsley sighed. While the Wizengamot had passed many laws to improves the situation on the Muggle-borns in the past decade, the point of contention remained unchanged — they wanted more representation on the Wizengamot and abolition of the use of blood-status to determine the rights and duties of a witch or wizard. Despite their best efforts, they had not managed to convince the Wizengamot which was still dominated by old pureblood families. "I am assuming there is more to it?" asked the Minister. "There is," replied Harry. "The Muggle-borns are using enchanted Muggle weaponry — automatic guns with self-refilling cartridges, self-replicating hand grenades — you get the idea. . ." Kingsley looked horrified. A lot of unexplained incidents suddenly became very clear — incidents that had once been ignored as weird Muggle affairs. He had even reassured the Muggle Prime Minister that there was no magic involved. He suddenly stood up. "We need to act quickly," he barked. "What do we know about the two factions?" "Very little, I'm afraid. It's all in there," replied Harry, glancing towards the stack of parchments he had brought with him. "Take a seat Minister, it gets worse. . ." Kingsley sat down heavily, looking extremely worried. "How can it possibly get worse?" "I have it on good authority that The First Order have been accumulating weapons of their own. . ." "What weapons?" asked Kingsley, rather sharply. "Don't tell me the pureblood are learning to use Muggle weapons. . ." "No, they aren't. They are collecting magical artefacts — especially the ones that can be used in battle — they are the ones behind all those robberies. . ." "And this information comes from?" "Let me keep my sources, Kingsley — plausible deniability and all that. The thing that has got me really worried is a rather cryptic letter I received from my source about an hour ago. All it says is that the First Order is looking for a new weapon — a weapon that is somehow connected to me," replied Harry, deep in thought. "The Sward of Gryffindor?" the Minister offered. "Maybe, but that's with the goblins — you don't think they are involved, do you?" "Not likely, but I wouldn't rule anything out. Are you sure the letter was from your source — and not a forgery? Can they even be trusted?" "I think I can trust him on this, but the letter did appear to be written in a hurry. . ." "Could it be some kind of a family heirloom?" Harry snorted, "The only family heirloom I've got is my Invisibility Cloak. . ." Blood drained from his face as a thought occurred to him. "I need to leave, Kingsley," said Harry, almost panicking, as he scrambled out of his chair. "If they are after what I think they are, I need to act quickly. . ." "But — where are you going?" Kingsley almost shouted as Harry was already opening the door. "Hogwarts," replied Harry as he shut the door behind him. Half an hour later, Harry found himself at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He was standing at the edge of the lake, beside a White Marble Tomb — the final resting place of Albus Dumbledore. Walking around, he cast the most powerful Illusion Charm he knew around the tomb and the surrounding area — it wouldn't do to have anyone witness what he was about to do. While he was fairly confident that anyone looking out of the windows of castle wouldn't notice anything amiss, he just hoped no one would decide take a walk in the vicinity of the tomb. Ten years ago, he had intended to put the Elder Wand back into the hands of its last real master, but had lost his nerve at the prospect of reopening the tomb. Instead, he had buried it a few feet away. In the hindsight, it had not been the best idea to leave it at a place where anyone could potentially find it. It didn't take him more than few minutes to dig it out with magic. Surprisingly, the Elder Wand was in pristine condition despite having spent more than ten years under layers of soil. Having secured his target, Harry was about to leave when a thought stuck him. Could the Resurrection Stone be used as a weapon? Could someone even find it? It had been lost somewhere in the Forest, after all. Not wanting to take any chances, he stepped into the Forbidden Forest. Once he was sure no one from the school could see him, he pulled out the Elder Wand and cast — "Accio Resurrection Stone!" It was with a strange mixture of relief and disappointment that he snatched the little black stone zooming towards him out of the air. Barely resisting the urge to use the stone to summon his parents one more time, he was about to turn back towards the school when he saw something on his peripheral vision and froze. "Hand over the Hallows, Potter," came a rather scratchy voice, causing Harry to turn towards its source. "Dennis?" It was Dennis Creevey, but the mousy-haired excitable little boy he had once trained as part of Dumbledore's Army back in his fifth year was gone — to be replaced by a mousy-haired young man who was still a bit on the smaller side. While they didn't meet very often, Harry knew he was working as a mid-level clerk somewhere in the Ministry. What really surprised him though, was the level of animosity on Dennis' face — and the rifle barrel that was pointing right as his heart. "What's going on here?" asked Harry, readying the Elder Wand in case he needed to fight. "Don't bother, Potter," threatened Dennis, "It's an enhanced Kalashnikov — I can put a hundred rounds into you in the time it takes to cast a single spell. And you are surrounded by at least five of us. Even the legendary Elder Wand will not save you." Dennis' words and behaviour left Harry in no doubt about who he was dealing with — it was the Muggle-born faction he had been chasing for the last couple of months. "I don't understand —" he tried to stall for time, looking for a way out. He wasn't too far from the edge of the anti-apparition enchantments — but not close enough to get away without being shot. Dennis surface thoughts told him that he was being honest about the backup. "Don't play dumb — I know you've been on our trail for a while now. Hand over the Hallows and no one needs to get hurt. . ." "And you'll just let me go, will you?" Harry almost sneered, "Now that I've seen you face." The voice that answered made Harry's blood run cold. "Harry, we don't want to fight you!" He could recognise that voice anywhere — he spoke to her at least once a month, after all. "Hermione?" he asked incredulously as he turned around slowly. "Don't tell me you are involved with the extremists. . ." "We are not extremists, Harry — we are a peaceful Society for Protection and Enforcement of the Rights of the Muggle-born. And I am the founder," replied Hermione, who had a side-arm holstered at her hip. She was holding her wand in her hand, though. "Figures," muttered Harry. "Why do you want the Hallows? I thought The First Order is looking for them. . ." "They are — that is why we want to destroy them before they find them. . . Look I can explain —" "Granger, we don't have time for this," interrupted Dennis. "No, he deserves an explanation," replied Hermione in an authoritative voice. Surprisingly, Dennis didn't protest. "We started off as a peaceful organisation, Harry," continued Hermione. "Our goal was to get the Wizengamot to grant us our rights through peaceful protests and negotiations. But then The First Order was formed — they were killing us one by one — we had no choice but to retaliate. . ." "What are you talking about? The Auror Office never heard about anything. . ." "Of course you didn't,"