Hi everyone. I have been a Jacob/Bella fan for a very long time, but I never really read their fanfiction before, nor did I write for them, but once I started reading, plot bunnies started hopping around in my head, and I had to write this down. I don't have a Beta for this just yet-please, feel free to volunteer-so I apologize for any and all mistakes. I'd like to point out that Bella is slightly different in this story, as I imagine she would have been had she not lost touch with her family and friends in Forks. She is, therefore, a little less socially awkward, and more sure of herself. She and Jake are very close friends, as they never lost touch, and their relationship continued to develop since their childhood. And the rest... Well, I'm not too sure about continuing this just yet. I have a few ideas, involving Bad!Edward or even Bad!Cullens, imprinting and a whole lot more angst than I usually write, but I also have opposite kinds of ideas, which involve Bella being involved with Jake from the very start, since BEFORE she met Edward, and therefore altering the entirety of Twilight's original storyline. This is, most definitely, AU. Also, mildly M, strong T scene in the flashback, in Jacob's POV. Please, leave a review, tell me what you think, if I should continue or not :) Love, Annaelle DISCLAIMER: I do not own the Twilight franchise, I just like to take out the characters and play with them. I do not own anything but an overactive imagination and this storyline. SOMEWHERE I BELONG Chapter One—I'm Coming Home I'm coming home Tell the world that I'm coming home Let the rain Wash away All the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits And they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home I'm coming home Tell the world I'm coming —Coming Home, Skylar Grey BPOV PRESENT TIME—SEATTLE AIRPORT My leg bounced up and down as I waited impatiently for the baggage carrousel to start turning so I could pick up my bags and get the hell out of this airport. I wasn't exactly thrilled to move to Forks, but I did look forward to seeing some of my old friends again. I hadn't seen any of them—unfortunately including my dad and my best friend (and maybe kind-of boyfriend)—in over a year and a half. I'd hated to not see them for so long, but it had been inevitable—my dad had to work the entire time and Jacob couldn't afford plane tickets to fly out to meet me, and I hadn't been able to afford one to meet him either. We'd talked over the phone often enough, but it wasn't the same. I'd missed them all. Especially Jake. We'd been best friends since we were both kids, but the last time I had been in Forks something between us had shifted… Our relationship had… Evolved. Jake had asked me to be his date for a dance his school was throwing—not that that in itself was so unusual, we always went as the others date to important stuff like that—and the date had turned a little more… Real date-like than either of us had anticipated. Not that I didn't love Jacob—I did and I always would, and I was pretty sure he felt the same way—, but it had been unexpected and a little painful. Two years ago when I spent the summer in Forks, Jake and I had shared a few kisses—it happened accidently, I swore—before we decided that we wouldn't risk our friendship by trying to date long-distance. I didn't want to risk losing him if it didn't work out. He felt the same. And we'd both been content enough with it, until last year, when the dance was over and Jake drove us home, then impulsively kissed me on the front porch—and though there was a part of me that demanded I stop him before things went too far, I hadn't, and Jake had ended up spending the night. In my bed. With far less clothing (and sleep) than our usual sleepovers. . . . JPOV A YEAR AND A HALF AGO—SWAN RESIDENCE, FORKS Bella giggled as we stumbled into her house, both grinning like the stupid love struck teenagers we were—I knew I was; at fifteen, I was completely and utterly certain that Bella Swan was the love of my life and that I'd never want anyone else. Her lips were soft and addictive, and I couldn't stop pressing small kisses to them—I pulled away to breathe, but she wouldn't let me move away. Her arms were still wrapped around me tightly, and I couldn't find it in myself to complain about that. "Bells," I breathed, resting my hands on her hips gently, kind of nervous, because this wasn't supposed to happen—we were not going to go there, because it was dangerous, I didn't want to risk losing her—, "Are you sure you want this?" I backtracked when I saw the slightly hurt look on her face, "I mean, I want to, I really do, but I don't if you're not ready." She shook her head and leaned up, pressing her lips to mine, resting our foreheads together. I sighed contently, melting into her kiss after a moment of hesitation, treading my fingers through her lusciously curled hair, before allowing her to break the kiss to breathe. Bella blushed prettily and breathed in deeply, looking up at me from beneath her lashes. Damn her, that looks does things to me. "I want this too, Jake," she whispered softly, stroking my cheek, "I love you. I always have." I slid my hands down her sides, rubbing the soft silk of her dress between my fingers as I asked, "Are you really sure? I don't want to pressure you or something." My heart was beating so hard and fast and loudly, I was almost sure she could hear it, if she'd lean close enough—she tilted her head, brushing her lips over mine just a tiny little bit (just enough to drive me absolutely insane with desire; I'm a hormonal teenage boy, I am not always in charge of my hormones, especially not where Bells is concerned). "Of course I am," she smiled, curling her fingers in the fabric of my jacket, "I always wanted it to be you, Jake. Kiss me again." I happily obliged—I'm a hormonal teen who's super in love with this girl, so sue me—and kissed her deeply, fully, gently tugging on the tiny buttons on the back of her dress, loosening as many as I could with one hand, while burying the other in her curly hair as she hopped up, wrapping her legs around my waist. I stumbled towards the stairs, trying to get us to her bedroom—I really didn't want our first time to be on Charlie's shabby old couch—but Bella's tongue is in my mouth and holy fucking shit . I could barely remember my own name, much less the lay-out of Bella's house. "Bella," I moaned against her lips, sighing victoriously when we made it into the bedroom and I managed to undo all the little buttons on her dress, pushing it off her shoulders slowly—very hesitantly, because I'd never seen her this undressed before (I'd never seen any girl this undressed before)—revealing the deep purple bra and panties she was wearing. She was absolutely breathtaking, and when I tried to tell her—albeit stuttering and blushing—she grumbled and told me to do less talking and more kissing. I slid my fingers over her warm, soft skin, smiling briefly at her cheeky comment before taking her hand in mine and leading her to the bed. We were both absolutely still for a split second, and then her lips were on mine again, and I'm lifting her, carrying her the last few feet to the bed, where I let her fall back onto the soft mattress, my hands instantly reaching for the front clasp of her bra, fumbling slightly, because my fingers were shaking with want and desire and nervousness. Eventually, I broke the kiss, leaving us both panting and desperate for air, yet still wanting more—my hands are shaking as I finally manage to won my battle with the front clasp of her bra, and I was fumbling like an incompetent idiot, but I managed and then the bra slipped and she was bare before me—and holy shit , she's beautiful. "You are so beautiful," I breathed, completely in awe of the gorgeous girl laying before him—I'd loved Bella since we were children and I couldn't believe this was happening. "Jacob," Bella whined softly, tugging on his shirt and snapping him from his haze. "Take off your clothes, mister," she ordered, and he couldn't help but chuckle at her bossiness. "Whatever you want, Bells," I grinned, sitting back on my haunches to pull my shirt over my head—I lost my jacket somewhere on the stairs already, though I wasn't sure where or when—, feeling a slight burst of purely male pride when he caught Bella eyeing my chest appreciatively. "Jacob," she moved a little, leaning up just far enough to pull my lips back down to hers—and then I was simply gone. I stopped thinking and just did , moving her back against the bed, relishing in the feel of her body against mine—skin to skin, our mouths permanently fused together. I was hard, ready, pushing against her thigh, her fingernails digging into my back, and all I could think about was that it wasn't enough, and that I needed more of her. I wouldn't ever be able to get enough of her. "Please," she breathed against my lips, "Jacob, please." Neither one of us said anything particularly coherent after that—I was sure I didn't even think anything coherent as the remainder of our clothes got tossed and we melted together in every way possible, and all that registered with me was the faint noises that fell from her lips, the soft cries and moans of pleasure every time I did something right and all I could do to tell her how much I loved her was groan and move faster and there was nothing but her and me. Our hands were clasped together so tightly, my knuckles were whitening and I couldn't breathe, I couldn't think… All I could see, hear, smell and feel was Bella. And then she was crying out, panting my name in my ear, tightening impossibly around me—and then I was gone too. The waves of pleasure that washed over me were so good, so intense, I felt like I was drowning in them, and I barely noticed that I had collapsed on top of her. I wrapped myself around her to keep myself at least a little bit grounded before I could be completely washed away by pleasure. Her body relaxes beneath mine, her arms wrapping loosely around my back and her fingers trailing up and down my back gently—it would've send shivers down my spine, but I was so spent and sated, I could barely keep my eyes open. I loved how she breathed in soft little puffs, how her muscles were still contracting and how she was pressing her lips to my temple. I wasn't too sure about other people's first times, but I was pretty damn sure it wasn't like this, and I was really damn sure that I was lucky to have a girl like Bella to share it with—my best friend and the love of my life. I might've been young, but… I could love this woman forever. "Oh my God," she panted, her fingers tangling in my hair, "That was…" She stopped and exhaled in frustration, and I chuckled a little, moving so I could lean up on my elbows, staring down at her. "I know," I whispered, leaning down to press a soft, gentle kiss to her lips, "me too." When I moved to lie