Disclaimer: I own nothing that sounds familiar to you. Anything new is mine. I do this for fun and yes I know I have other stories that need to be updated. Dame That Hurt Chapter One Fifteen Killing Curses The second Wizard war had been going on for a decade and a half and Harry Potter was all alone and so very tired. The second war started in earnest after the DOM fiasco. With in eight years the Ministry had been taken over by DEO, the Death Eater Organization and New Born magical muggle babies started to disappear over the next four years. Then any one who opposed the DEO were targeted for elimination and a short time later Purebloods were attacked. The light side had to go under ground to keep from being eliminated. At this same time, Voldemort appeared in the chamber of the House of Lords with ten Death Eaters and proclaimed himself the leader of the government. The members of House of Lords started to laugh at him and he used the Killing Curse on the nearest Lords, whom fell to the ground dead. Before any thing else could happen, a regiment of SAS charged into the chamber and firing at anything in a mask. The Death Eaters started dropping all around the chamber, Voldemort, wounded, apparated out but all ten Death Eaters were killed. Now a year later, Harry had defended himself from the last fifteen Death Eaters and Voldemort. The rest of the Magicals of Britain were killed by the British Military in retaliation for the six month attack on Parliament and the British government. Voldemort had vastly under estimated the power of the so called Muggles but he still believed he could take over the world. However, he still had to remove the only thing in his mind that could stop him. Harry Potter had to die and he would witness it himself. Harry laid in the middle of a field with a broken arm and leg covered in cuts and bruises. "Now Potter, I will live forever with your death and I will rule the world. Death Eaters, Fire!" he yelled. As the green beams of the fifteen Killing Curses speed towards him, Harry yelled, "I'm your last Horcrux" and looked Voldemort in the eye to see the horror there as the beams hit their target. Dame That Hurt Taking a big breath of air he took stock of his body. He hurt all over and could barely breathe from the pain in his chest. His arm and leg hurt so much that he blacked out. Opening his eyes he looked around. He was in a field with tall grass and trees. 'I thought that heaven was supposed to take away all your pain' he thought trying to not move too much. Although he just lay there, he blacked out once more. Dame That Hurt Waking once again, he found that the pain was gone. So deciding to sit up, however slowly, he could get a better sense of himself and he was naked! 'What the hell is going on?' he thought. "Why hadn't any one come for me" he said as he looked around. After being able to move around he took a few limbs off of a tree and transfigured them into a shirt, pants and shoes. He would have to rest before doing anything else. After resting, he apparated to the apparation spot in Diagon Alley. 'So I know I'm not dead but what the hell happened' he thought. He walked towards Gringotts to find out what the heck was going on. On the way to Gringotts, he passed stores that he didn't recognize. Finding a copy of the Daily Profit, he started looking for the date, 'This can't be right, July 21 1967' he stood there with his mouth hanging open. Folding the paper up and headed to the bank. Walking in the lobby, he went to the back wall to the Inheritance door. Walking in the waiting room he went to the witch behind the desk. "I would like to talk to someone about my inheritance please" he said. The brunette looked up "of course sir, if you would just fill out this application some one will be with you shortly" she said as she handed him a clipboard with a sheet of parchment and a quill. After about fifteen minutes he was called in to an office. Once in side a grumpy looking goblin said "parchment please" and held out his hand. Receiving the parchment he looked it over then looked up. "Sir, you haven't filled this out. Please go back to the waiting room to fill out the parchment and you will be called in again" he said. "I have a rather strange predicament, Master Goblin. And if you would indulge me just a moment, I'll try to explain" he said. "I will give just a moment" the goblin said in a huff. "My name is Harry James Potter and I was born in the year 1980. I have no idea how or why I have traveled back in time but here I am" Harry said. "you want the Goblin Nation to believe that you come from the future and are trying to claim some … What prize?" the goblin said. "If you will indulge just one more thing I think it will be valuable to the both of us" Harry said. "And what would you suggest sir?" the goblin asked. "I would like you to call in King Ragnok to see the inheritance test to prove what I am saying is true" Harry said while looking the goblin in the eye. The goblin gave a heavy sigh with a slight nod. "Ok, but if this is a scam, you will live the rest of your naturally long life shoveling dragon shit" he said with a toothy smile. He called out and a younger and smaller goblin stepped in to the office. "Yes Master Scrolltweak" the goblin asked. "Messenger Goldbolt, take this message to the kings secretary and wait for an answer" Scrolltweak said. "Right away Master Scrolltweak" Goldbolt said as he took the message and ran out of the office. "This shouldn't take too long so, what do you think sent you back from … you didn't say how far you came back" Master Scrolltweak tried to get some free information from Harry. "You are quit right. I did not say how far in the future I have come from" Harry said, "so I think we should wait for the king to come so that you don't loss your head for trying to cheat the Goblin Nation." "Yes that is quit possible and I thank you for your consideration" Master Scrolltweak said with a sly smile. At that there was a knock on the door. "Enter" Master Scrolltweak spoke and the door opened to revel Goldbolt. "Messenger Goldbolt, what was the answer?" Master Scrolltweak asked. "The King will meet you and the client in conference room nine to oversee the rite and I was to remind you to bring every thing that is needed, Master Scrolltweak" Goldbolt said with a deep bow. "Of course I will be bringing the items need, we all know that there would be no supplies in the conference room. You may continue with your duties Messenger Goldbolt" and Goldbolt bowed and backed out. "If you would follow me to conference room nine, we can determine your fate!" Master Scrolltweak said with an evil smile planted on his face. After a five minute walk, they arrived at a large teak door with a number 9 carved in it. After knocking on the door Scrolltweak opened the door and entered, followed closely by Harry. Once in the room Harry saw an elderly looking goblin sitting in the middle of one side of the Conference table with a set of guards behind him. He gestured to the other side of the table for the new arrivals to sit. Before Scrolltweak could even acknowledge the King, Harry had bowed deeply and held the position until a "Rise" was said by the King. Harry followed Scrolltweak to the table and aloud the goblin to sit before taking a seat for himself. Once seated, the two goblins looked to Harry to start the negotiations. Harry looked at the King and took a deep breath and started, "as you may already know, I claim to be from the future. And I propose to trade future investment information for a number of tests to verify who I am and when I was born. I would also like to have all the normal test done to verify any specialties I may have" Harry said while looking the King in the eye. "I do not see a problem with that but we as a Nation will request some of the information before proceeding. We will check out the information while you take the tests. If that is in accordance with you" King Ragnok said. "That is a concession I can live with, thank you. Now in the Muggle world, I would invest in Microsoft, IBM and any other computer company. Also in the field of digital-to-optical recording and playback system, I would invest in Pacific Northwest National Laboratory. Also AT&T's Bell Labs will develop a thing called a cellphone, which will allow people to make phone calls from any where. Sony will be making big leeps in music and technology. And I think that's enough for now, don't you!" Harry stated with a smile on his face. "Now in the Magical communite not much changes but a few companies start up, like the Firebolt broom company and the Nimbus broom company. In the field of Quidditch the Moose Jaw Meteorites were threatened with disbandment owing to post-match antics in the 1970s. In 1986 The Patonga Proudsticks held the Montrose Magpies to a draw. The Sweetwater All-Stars defeated the Quiberon Quafflepunchers in 1993 and The Toyohashi Tengu was narrowly defeated by the Gorodok Gargoyles in 1994" At that the King looked to Scrolltweak to start the investigation. Scrolltweak walked over to the door and handed the parchment to some one out side the door then came back to the table to start the rites. He placed a stack of parchments along with a bowl, knife, four rods and four vials of potions. "Now we will be doing four different rites, each for a different subject. The first will be the identification rite. You will need to give three drops of blood in this bowl from your left ring finger. That finger has a vain that comes directly from the heart. Now if you will!" Scrolltweak said while handing over the knife. Harry took the knife and made a shallow cut on his left ring finger and let three drops of blood fall into the bowl. Once that was done Scrolltweak took the bowl and poured a red potion in the bowl and stirred it with a golden rod. Once he stirred it five time clock wise and five counter clock wise before taking a parchment and placing the rod in a circle at the bottom. While watching the parchment, lines started to spider its way across the page. Taking up the parchment the King pored over the information. He then handed it to Scrolltweak to look at who handed it to Harry The Identification Test for Harry James Potter Born: July 31, 1980 Age: 30 Parents Mother: Lily Potter nee Evans Grandmother: Tulip Evans nee Raven Grandfather: Charles Evans Father: James Potter Grandmother: Dorea Potter nee Black Grandfather: Charlus Potter "If you could explain what happened in your future we may be able to head it off" Ragnok said. Harry told them his story to the best of his ability. They were up set that Diagon Alley was destroyed by the Muggle Military because of the attack on their government, which they could not fault them for. Ragnok thought of