A/N: Hey, people of the internet. I have a gift for you... A FREE STORY! No, you can't have it, but you can read it. Now, this doesn't mean I'm giving up on any other stories I have going(aka that one), but I feel like taking a break from Naruto and going to a series I enjoyed around the same time period as Naruto... kinda. This beginning is gonna take place after Jason and the other's are "slapped" back to Long Island by Zeus, though some past events are gonna get changed. That's about it. Oh, I don't really like the general dialogue format with the new lines for each person, so unless people have a problem with it, I probably won't use it. Seriously, it annoys me at times. As Percy watched Jason go up into the sky, he had a VERY bad feeling in the pit of his stomach. In his mind, he asked himself, 'He's... he's gonna die up there, isn't he?' His own voice responded to him. 'Either him or Leo. Or you. Storm doesn't have to be him, you know. Storms can't form without water. Water is everywhere, even in the air, and especially in you. Besides, you've made pretty big storms before haven't you.' He only had a few more seconds to deliberate, but as he stared at Jason, Piper in his arms, he couldn't let him do it. In that instant, something snapped for him. He could feel all the thoughts that flew around in his head get... focused. All the sounds of battle seemed to fade away, the general hyperactivity that came with being a demigod just seemed to become... muted. Even the voice in his head seemed to go away, and that was his own voice. Acting in this trance-like state, he raised his hand, and Jason was grabbed by a hand of water. Water burst forth from within him, and brought him upward, in a similar fashion as Jason with his wind. "I can't let you Jason. You and Piper have so much left. So much to live for. So much living to DO. Your life was stolen from you, your love was fabricated, and if you do this, you may never get to validate it for yourselves. You don't have to be the storm. I'll do it." He didn't even know that he knew how to use validate in a sentence, but the words just seemed to flow from within him. As Jason was about to protest, trying to tell him that Hera had stolen much of his life as well, he saw Percy's eyes, and for once, they weren't sparkling. They weren't gleaming with mirth. They weren't happy. They showed grim conviction. "Are... are you sure." Giving him a wry smile that seemed out of place on him, he responded, "Tell Annabeth not to hit me too hard in Elysium... or if I come back... Gods, she's gonna murder me." Shooting up, he pulled together a hurricane around him, going for the strongest one he could. Unfortunately for him, said hurricane made him unable to hear Piper telling him to take the Physician's cure. Catching up to Leo, he just said "Sup!" before sending a pressurized jet of water at Gaea, forcefully eroding half of her face. Leo, even in the hurricane swirling around him, through the winds and rain, was still burning like the sun, forcing all the water that came too close to him to evaporate instantly. Grinning in his own crazy fashion, he shouted over the wind, "Glad you could join the party, Aqua Lad! Was expecting Superman, but I'll take what I can get, ya know. You're making it a bit harder to burn her face off though." As he said this, he threw some flames at the aforementioned face which was in the process of reforming. Gaea attempted to dissolve into sand, but Percy just surrounded her in water, dragged her back together, and molded her into a humanoid shape, forcing her to reform. As she did so, her movements were sluggish and sloppy. Well, as sloppy as you can be called when thrashing around in a giant mechanical dragon's claw. Every shard of earth she'd throw to attack them, which was little more than mud by that point, moved so slow that Percy could just blast through it, hitting her in the process. Festus himself was blasting her with fire, following Leo's example, all the while climbing higher and higher, his wings straining so hard you could hear it over the hurricane. Gaea was so far out of her domain, for the first time in just about forever, that she just felt... weak. No other words could describe it. As they were heating her to extreme temperatures before cooling her down with pressurized water, she eventually just came to a stop, only being able to throw an occasional ball of mud. Leo wasn't looking to good at that point. He may have been unable to sweat with his body surrounded in flames, but the strain was plain on his face... or what could be made out on his face. It looked like flames under his skin were about to burst out, consuming him and everything around him in an accurate imitation of the sun. At that point, Leo shouted to Percy, "Get out of here Percy! I can't contain the flames much longer! I'll just vaporize her in the explosion." That was what Percy was expecting, and that was what he wanted to prevent. "NO!" he shouted over his own hurricane. "I can make it! I survived Mt. St. Helens. Hades, I CAUSED it. Actually, let me take her off planet, into space. I don't think she'll be able to return at all from that. With my water, I MIGHT be able to survive long enough to get back before the vacuum kills me. Your flames can't burn in a vacuum, though." Never before had Percy been as thankful for listening to at least a little bit of science class than today. Unfortunately, he didn't know that a protogenoi couldn't really die. Leo just shook his head vigorously, which would be rather amusing, if not for the situation, with his face looking like liquid flames covered by actual flames. "Screw that, man! I WILL survive! I have a plan, I just need you to trust me!" Percy just looked into his flaming eyes, which were beginning to fade a bit from lack of oxygen to burn, and, with a reluctant sigh, nodded. He let himself descend to the point where he'd probably be safe from whatever Leo was doing and watched, visibly worried and ready to step in and stop him if need be. Leo, on the other hand, just yelled, "THIS IS FOR MY MOTHER, ESPERANZA VALDEZ!" With that, both he and Festus became an increasingly brighter ball of flames in the sky, and Percy realized that whatever was about to happen would be an a completely different scale from Mt. St. Helens' eruption. He tried to rocket back towards the ground, using his water as a propulsion system, but as he was attempting it, something, or someone, screaming in a very girly manner flew by him, on a crash course with Leo. He didn't have a chance to look back, because he was hit with the force of an explosion from behind, making his entire world go black. The last thing he was able to process was a resounding 'OW!' coming from every bit of his body. Unknown amount of time later- The world slowly came back into focus for Percy, though everything seemed... different. Slowly, he realized that he was underwater. Good thing he was Poseidon's kid. As everything that had recently happened came back to him, he could only wonder, ' How hard will Annabeth kill me when I get back?' Shaking his head, he felt that he was a few miles off the coast of Long Island, making his journey a rather simple one. Willing the sea around him to push him where he knew camp was, he rocketed away. After a few minutes of high-speed swimming, and the occasional slowing/stop to greet Hippocampi, Mer-people, and even a few Ichthyocentaurs on a trip, he arrived at camp half-blood. Climbing onto the shore, he saw that they were burning shrouds. Despite not being the most stealthy person, he hid in a tree, kinda wanting to see what kind of shroud they'd give him. As names and shrouds went by, he became rather sad, feeling the weight of every one of the deaths on his shoulders. Shaking his head, he remembered what Annabeth had once told him. 'They fought and died of their own accord to protect their home. Don't try and take anything away from that sacrifice!' He just bowed his head in respect until they reached him. Putting on a smile, he jumped out, landing in front of the fire, before seemingly inspecting the shroud. "Hmmm... I would've thought I'd get a more bad-ass shroud, but beggar's can't be choosers." On it, there was a sheet of sea green that shimmered as it moved through the air and and a trident crossed with a replica of his sword, Riptide. The whole things smelled like the sea, which was a smell he would always love. Looking away, he observed the faces of everyone present before he said, "So, did you guy's miss me?" His only answer was silence until Annabeth tackled him, knocking the air out of him and sending them flying. As he regained his vision, wondering how many trucks decided to use his body as the road, he saw Annabeth crying into his shirt without restraint. He lost his smile as he looked at her, feeling extremely guilty. All he could do was hug her back and whisper, "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." After about a minute of this, with the Aphrodite girls tearing up from the reunion, they got up, and she punched him in the stomach. Hard. He fell to one knee, holding his stomach in pain. "That," she began, after wiping her eyes, "was for making me, us, worry." Leaning down, she kissed him on the forehead. "And that is for coming back." Percy eventually straightened himself out and stretched. Looking over at Nico, he asked, "How many?" When all he got in response was a shake of the head, he knew the answer. Too many. Integrating himself into the group of demigods, he allowed the ceremonies to continue unhindered, the mood becoming somber once more as the shock and happiness from his reappearance faded back into their memory. As everything continued, they eventually reached the last shroud, Leo's. At this one, Percy couldn't keep his mouth shut. "What? I don't think he's dead. I had backed up because he'd said he had a plan, and while him nor Festus were falling down to Earth after the explosion like I was, though they may have just been out of my sight, I'm sure neither of them are gone." Annabeth gave him an odd look, finding his change of speech rather odd, as did many demigods who knew him well enough. Percy either ignored them or didn't notice them, because his eyes were glued on Nico. All he got in response was hopeful looks from everyone. Everyone but Nico. He shook his head and spoke, drawing everyone else's attention to him. "He died. I felt him die." As Nico looked around, he saw faces fall at his confirmation. This spurred him on to give another piece of information he'd learned. "But," he continued, regaining everyone's attention. "His death felt... different. There was something off about it, something not... not right. It's not just because he's a demigod, or because he's powerful. I already felt multiple demigods fall, and even Luke's fell into a category of types of possible death. There is a chance, however slim, that he is out there." With their hope rekindled,