Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or the characters. I'm not making money from this. */*/* The car accident is minor: a fender bender, if not for the shattered window. The glass spikes out of her fractured wrist, oozing blood, and Bella feels faint. "You're lucky it didn't sever anything," the doctor says, after they've stopped the bleeding and given her a cast. "It got caught by the scar tissue of that old bite—see how it cut through the tooth line here?" He looks up with interest. "Whatever it was that bit you, it really got you good." Bella smiles wanly at the too-curious man. His blonde hair gleams burnished gold in the fluorescents of the ER. So like another doctor she knew, once. "Yeah," she says quietly. "I guess I was. Lucky." */*/* The old scar, that wretched souvenir from James, Bella's memento of a previous life, begins to ache at times after that. Bella pushes her pen into the gap of the cast to scratch it and assumes that the ache is tissue healing. But then the cast comes off, and it keeps happening. Still, it's only a dull ache, and only in that one spot. Bella chalks it up to another weirdness of the scar, shoves it into the locked mental closet labeled "Vampires - Do Not Enter," and goes on with her life. She doesn't want to think of them, ever again. */*/* Bella tries to tell herself it hasn't gotten worse. And then she convinces herself that it's because of the fracture, not the scar. It doesn't ache all the time, just when she's been doing a lot with her arms. Sometimes she wakes up and her whole arm tingles with a dull sensation that's just on the verge of unpleasant. It goes on that way for a while. Anyway, what can she do but ignore it? Hypothetically speaking: Doctor, I was bitten by a vampire and now the scar is acting strangely … could you take a look at it? or Could you tell me the side effect of having your boyfriend suck the venom out of a vampire bite? Um, no. */*/* Her birthday comes at the beginning of the new semester at UW. She is 22 and a senior majoring in Pre-Law. The system needs someone who knows what's really out there, even if she can never tell anyone. She's renting a leaky, uninsulated garage apartment from a half-deaf, incurious old woman who leaves her alone as long as she didn't complain. Mrs. Singer has at least twenty cats. The apartment is cold in the winter and hot in the summer, but Bella loves it for the quiet. There are no reminders here in Seattle of the things that go bump … well, all the time, really. Bella lights the candle on her cupcake to the sounds of Mrs. Singer's soap operas, and reflects. She is now five years older than Edward Cullen. How many more years until she looks like his mother? Grandmother? Her whole arm hurts. */*/* When she, Alice, and Edward come back from Italy, his family votes to make her a vampire. Bella forced his hand, but Edward didn't take it like she'd hoped. But when had he ever? He vows that he'll never be with her, if she changes. Never touch her. No matter what eternal life she managed to claim through the use of his family, he swears by God it will avail her nothing. He will leave his coven for her. This is what he will do, to protect her soul. He will never be with Bella if she is a vampire. Bella watches Alice's face fall, and knows: Edward's won. It's the one thing he could have done to keep her human, the ace in the hole she'd never known he had. After all, what was eternal life, without Edward? Less than nothing. This time, she let them go. */*/* One week into classes, the whole side of her body adjacent to the bite aches constantly, and she is popping Tylenol like they're breath mints. The site of the scar begins to feel feverish. Something has to be done. Bella knows she can no longer lie to herself. It has to be the venom. She makes a map of the United States, colors in the States with significantly bad weather, crosses off the states with significant sunshine. Removes the ones with no forests or national parks. She makes a list of the hospitals. The list is far too long. And maybe he's not even working in a hospital, this time. There so much room for error. The chances they will be using the same name were miniscule. She tries anyway. */*/* Charlie's heart attack comes her second year at college. His idea of exercise had been walking to the fishing boat; the pizza guy knew his regular order. Bella arranges the funeral, puts the house on the market. Shortly after Charlie dies, Renee is diagnosed with adult-onset schizophrenia. It turns out her flightiness hadn't just been her personality. She refuses to taker her medication, and has to be continually hospitalized. Bella uses her father's insurance money to help Phil pay for her mother's care. */*/* There's an agreement the Quileute people all sign. The paper is old and yellowing, and it is kept in a special binder by the elders of the tribe. Every young person who comes of age places their signature on this paper when they reach maturity, in order to become a full member of the tribe. One day soon after Charlie dies, when Bella is still in town, Billy and Jacob come to her with this agreement. It's an offer to her, a chance at belonging. Of protection. It's an honor. All Bella has to do is agree that vampires are all monsters, that none should ever exist. That she would rather be dead, than be one of them. Bella doesn't sign. From that moment on, none of the tribe even greet her in passing. */*/* There are no doctors named Cullen at any of the hospitals. Either they've left the country, or they changed identities. Bella tries vainly to think of how else to find them, and realizes: she has no idea. Well, Edward had promised her that he would disappear. And he had likely warned Alice away again, too. Sometimes, Bella wishes that she could hate them. */*/* When her opposite side begins to tingle, Bella starts to look for vampires on campus. When that doesn't work, she tries downtown. In a replay of her worst days without Edward (Part One), she spends one night after dark staring into the shadows. After a lecture from a cop that reminds her far too much of Charlie, Bella stops. All of the walking looking for vampires has made her blood flow, deepened the ache in her leg. She's taken three eight hundred Motrin for the burn in her other side, and it still makes her want to cry. Bella knows what's happening to her, and that she needs help from someone. Anyone at all. */*/* Bella scratches into her skin hard enough to leave red lines with her nails as she struggles to type into the search engine of her laptop. Not that it helps. The Denali National Park is six million acres. There is one road. It's not a place you can just go wandering in to try and find a coven of vampires. Not In her condition, anyway. Furthermore, the Denali coven has no listed phone number, or address. How could they? That's not even their name, is it? It's the name of the area . Darkness falls over Seattle, and downstairs Bella can hear the meowing of multiple felines. She feels like a fool, realizing how little she knew. */*/* It's kind of funny that she didn't think of the Volturi earlier: after all, their coven terrified her so at the time. But perhaps she's placed them in the back of her Vampire closet. The circumstances had been … unpleasant. Bella thinks that they would help her. Isn't she giving them what they wanted? The venom will either kill her … or change her. But what if they want to punish the Cullens for leaving? Bella thinks back to how Aro touched her, how astonished he seemed, that he could not read her. His fingers were so cold under her chin. He'd forced her to look up into his deep scarlet eyes. Maybe he would help her. She was still considering the idea when she fell asleep. */*/* It feels like a bad case of the flu. She was burning from the inside out and covered with sweat. Logical thought was difficult, and her hands and feet were on fire. She blinks through glassy eyes into the darkness. From downstairs, she can hear the sounds of a reality TV weight loss show far too clearly. In a small, frightening moment of clarity Bella knows that it's too late. She tries to move her fingers, and fails. The last contestant weighs in after Bella is lost to conscious thought. */*/* She wakes up briefly in a delirium, convinced that someone has set fire to the apartment, but that it's too late for her to get out, because now she's ablaze, too. Bella lets go of reality after that, certain only of death. */*/* Just before Bella's heart stops beating, she learns that Brad has cheated on Ashley again on the Young and the Restless. Then she realizes that she can hear every sound each of the cats in her landlady's apartment. Chewing food. Using the litter boxes. It's remarkable and also unpleasant. Also, she can smell them now, even from upstairs. Unfortunately, this doesn't stop her from eating her landlady. */*/* She comes to with the woman's body at her feet. Bella is standing in her landlady's TV room and there are blood splatters on the walls and on her oversized nightshirt. The one she'd worn when she went, sick, to bed. From the flu. Three days ago. She stares in despair at the dead lady's fuzzy slippers, garish pink zippered robe. There are five cats on her victim's sofa that have just borne witness to their guardian's demise. Two of them are grooming. None of them look very alarmed. I should have eaten the cats , Bella thinks morosely. */*/* Bella wishes she could drink, but she's (unfortunately for Mrs. Singer) already consumed the only liquid she can. She has no idea what to do. Her senses are going haywire, she keeps staring at dust motes and getting lost in the sounds all around her. The electrical wiring makes a faint humming sound. There's a drip in the second floor bathroom, in the tub. She's so hungry. Bella thinks she might seriously eat someone else soon, and she needs to leave, but there's this … mess to consider. God she wishes that she could call Carlisle. No, Emmett. He would help her without judging. Or Alice. Why did they have to leave without even an email address? And then, she remembers again. The Volturi. */*/* Of course Mrs. Singer's desktop is from the stone age of computing. It is so slow and painful when Bella herself is so very fast. Thinking, moving. She's afraid to leave to go to her own apartment, because the entrance is outside. What if someone comes to see Mrs. Singer? What if Bella smells someone else, and eats them, too? And then she breaks the mouse. And the monitor, when she puts her beautiful fist straight through it in a fit of pique. Mrs. Singer's body is looking … bad, and Bella really wishes that she could cry. She's still so hungry. */*/* Her landlady's phone is, fortunately, also ancient and therefore sturdy. Still, Bella tries hard to be careful. She ends up eating the cats one by one, as she's working her way through international directory assistance. They're bitter and salty, like