I walk in the door, hauling my game bag over my shoulder. I didn't make out too badly today. Two rabbits, three squirrels and a wild turkey. "Peeta!" I call out. No answer. I wonder where he is. I hate coming home to an empty house. I go upstairs for a shower, but instead of finding the bathroom behind its usual door, I walk into a large room with concrete walls. A long metal table occupies the center of the otherwise empty room. Peeta is strapped to it, with long, liquid-filled tubes spiraling into his arms. "You stay away from me!" he yells in a frantic voice. I whip around to see who he's talking to, but I'm the only one here. "Get out of here, you stinking mutt!" I'm horrified when I realize he's talking to me. "No, Peeta." I try to reason with him. "No, they've hijacked you." I go over to him, try to undo the restraints, but it's no use. He's strapped down tight. I freeze as, out of nowhere, I am assaulted by the smell of blood and roses. My heart is pounding so hard I'm sure it's audible. "I thought we agreed never to lie to each other, Miss Everdeen!" The loathsome, familiar voice is right behind me. Slowly, I turn to find President Snow, accompanied by a man wearing a white lab coat and holding a syringe. Before I can react, Snow grabs my wrists. "Let me go!" I snarl. I struggle in a futile attempt to free myself as the man injects the blue liquid into me. "Katniss. Katniss." It's Peeta's voice again, only this time it's much calmer, and has taken on the form of a distant echo. I continue to struggle. "Let me go!" "Katniss." Peeta's voice gradually becomes louder and closer. "Katniss, wake up. Wake up." I jerk awake, panting and sweating. Peeta is there holding my wrists. His face is inches from mine, but it's too dark to see his expression. "Katniss, it's okay," he whispers. "It's just a dream." It takes a few moments for me to orient myself. I'm in my own bedroom. All is quiet. It was just a dream. It wasn't real. Sweet relief floods through me as it all sinks in. "Peeta!" I sob. He lets go of my wrists—I must have been thrashing around—and wraps his arms around me. I bury my face in his chest. "Snow had you." "I'm right here," he whispers. His voice is soothing. "Nobody has me but you now." He brushes my hair away from my forehead. "Try and go back to sleep." My nightmares usually consist of gruesome images reminiscent of the Games or the war—tracker jacker attacks, a desperately needed source of water that is always just out of reach, blood rain, barbed wire nets—but tonight's was especially brutal in comparison. Peeta being brainwashed into believing I was one of Snow's mutts—into forgetting that he loved me—is one of the worst things I have ever been through. But those days are over. Snow is dead. Peeta is here with me. Safe. With this knowledge, I slowly begin to relax. I shut my eyes and let the steady drumming of his heartbeat lull me back to sleep. I wake several hours later, still wrapped in Peeta's arms. He must have felt me stir, because in response, he tightens his hold on me. "Don't go yet," he says groggily, without opening his eyes. "Okay," I say in an equally groggy voice. I'm not going to argue. I can tell by the sounds from outside the window that dawn is close at hand, and I'll have to go hunting soon. A lot of people depend on the meat I bring in. But it's cold outside, and I am in no hurry to leave Peeta's warmth. So for the next few minutes, we just lie there, holding each other. But trust Buttercup to ruin the serenity. His sharp wailing lets me know he wants to go out. "Shut up, you stupid cat!" I fling a pillow in the general direction of the noise, but don't see where it lands. I try to ignore his cries, but Buttercup simply won't have that. He gets louder and more demanding until it becomes unbearable. I sigh in defeat. There's no way to compete with that. "Oh, all right." Peeta kisses me before letting me go. "Morning breath." "Oh, look who's talking," I say, playfully pushing him away. He yawns and stretches. "Let me make breakfast before you go." I sit at the kitchen table sipping hot tea as Peeta pulls a large tray out of the oven. It's comforting to have a sense of normalcy again. Although, in the last three years, the definition of normal has changed quite drastically. I can't deny that I yearn for my old life. To have my mother and sister and me living under one roof again. But that will never happen. My sister is dead, and my mother is far away. If Reaping Day three years ago had been like any other—just show up in the Square at two, hope like hell your name isn't picked, sigh with relief when it isn't, and then go about your business—then I would still have my family with me. But it wasn't like that. Not for Peeta and me. For us, being carted off to the Capitol was only the beginning. We were swept up into things that were out of our control, and now so many we love are gone. I probably shouldn't complain. As much as I've suffered, my hardships can't hold a candle to Peeta's. Not only did he lose his entire family—mother, father and two brothers—when the district was bombed, he was tortured by the Capitol, his memories stolen, and altered into lies. He was changed into a completely different person, and even though the old Peeta is back, he will never fully heal. Every now and then he suffers from flashbacks, and is still uncertain about the authenticity of some of his memories—especially the ones involving me. I hear Johanna Mason's words all the way from our bunker in District Thirteen. "There's no going back. So we might as well get on with things." And the incredible thing is Peeta is the whole reason I've been able to move forward. Despite everything he's suffered, he still has hope. His natural optimism is the perfect antivenom for my cynicism. Without him, I'd still be wallowing in depression. Maybe even insane. Or maybe I wouldn't be here at all. The nightmares don't come as often as they used to with him there at night, but they will never really go away. This is a truth I accepted long ago. But maybe it would help if I didn't have this house as a constant reminder of how I came to live here. I loved my house in the Seam. It was simple. It fit me like a glove. This huge place, with its many rooms and its ornate furniture...it's not me at all. Rather, it's a representation of what the Capitol sought to turn me into. My mother and Prim liked it here, but they're long gone. Most of the refugees who returned from Thirteen stayed in the Victor's Village temporarily, but are now established in their own newly built homes. Why am I still here? "You're quiet," Peeta places a large cinnamon roll in front of me. Comfort food. He takes the chair next to me. "Just deep in thought," I tell him. "The nightmare last night?" he asks. I shake my head. Funny, but as ugly as last night's nightmare was, I'm not especially bothered by it right now like I would normally be after a less extreme one. Maybe it's because when I woke from it, I could see Peeta right next to me not being hijacked. "What is it then?" "I don't want to live in this house anymore," I say plainly. "I hate it here. I want to go back to the Seam." "I know," he says. He knows. Of course he does. This doesn't surprise me. Peeta might not be as attuned to me as Gale was, but when it comes to the Games, there is never anything to explain. He was there too. "How about town?" he asks. "Would you consider living in town?" "Right now, I'd consider living in a cave in the woods." Peeta laughs darkly. "Let's not." Where is he going with this? I was just voicing my disgust with my current living situation. The thought of leaving has only crossed my mind in the last few minutes. It hasn't progressed to actual planning—not yet. But he just brought up living in town... Was there a purpose behind his question? "Why do you ask?" "Well, I've been thinking about reopening the bakery," he says. "In the square, where the old one used to be." "Oh?" This is news to me. He reaches over and takes my hand. "And when it's done, I thought you and I could have a toasting." He locks his blue eyes on mine. "How about it, Katniss?" The idea pulls me up short. A toasting. District Twelve's traditional marriage ritual. Peeta is asking for my hand. This is something I never would have even considered three years ago, before the Hunger Games had been abolished. When bringing children into the world meant risking them being reaped for seven years of their lives. I swore then that I would never let that happen. I hesitate long enough for Peeta to pick up on it. "Or we can live in the Seam if you want." "No, town will be fine," I say. "Go ahead with the bakery." That my mind is in a different place doesn't get lost on Peeta. "What is it, Katniss?" he asks. "Do you not want to get married?" The look on his face suggests he's afraid of what the answer might be. "No," I tell him, but that's not what I meant to say. I quickly retract. "I mean, yes. Yes, I do. Just...the thought scares me a little. And it shouldn't...because the reason no longer exists." Peeta takes a moment to consider what I've just said. "You're still afraid to have children." Again, things I don't have to explain to him. I nod, but even I can't put my finger on why I continue to have reservations even now that the threat is gone. "Don't worry about it though," I tell him. "It's just...old habits." I guess that's it, anyway. Peeta places his hand on my cheek. "You know I'll never make you do anything you don't want to do, Katniss. But remember what Dr. Aurelius said. About letting fear determine the rest of your life." "Yeah, I know." I smile at him assuringly. "And I just want to spend every possible minute of the rest of my life with you." I wonder if he'll recognize the quote. A confused expression crosses his face. It's the look he sometimes gets when he's unsure about a memory. "I think I said that to you once. Right before the Quarter Quell. We spent that night and the entire next day alone. Real or not real?" "Real," I say. Looks like the Capitol couldn't steal all of his memories. "So am I to take it your answer is yes?" "A firm and decided yes," I tell him. "Good," he says. "Now get over here." I laugh out loud as pulls me into his lap. I lean in and press my lips firmly to his; my hands snake around his neck, and through his hair. Every kiss we've shared since our return to Twelve has brought with it the welcome sensation that I am melting into him. I can now kiss him because I want to, not because I'm expected to. And with no more confusion over my feelings for him, no more cameras following us around, and Peeta no longer wondering