Harry Potter and the Horcrux Three . A/N Regretfully, I don't own anything. It's all Mrs. Rowling's. This is part three of my trilogy about the adventures of Harry Potter and Daphne Pinegrew/Greengrass. I intend to make it shorter than part two (this one should be around 25-30 chapters with 6k to 9k words each) and I won't spend nearly as much space on Hogwarts and the changes the school experiences. Most of those were already mentioned in part two and I'm certain you're able to extrapolate from there. The focus of this story will be on the fate of the remaining Death Eaters (mostly Dolohov, Bellatrix and Fenrir) as well as the search for the last Horcruxes (Ring, Diadem and the newly created Wand), not to forget about Harry and his own little problem. If you're new to my trilogy (or simply to have a reminder) have a look at chapter 49 of part two "Harry Potter and the Congregation of the Asp" for notes/summary . A little warning : the story contains bashing of Dumbledore, Molly and Ron Weasley. Also it's not about a "Hero Harry" story but one about teamwork. Please refrain from complaining about this. You've been warned. Special thanks go to butterfly83 who agreed to continue her beta-reading of my story. . Chapter 1: Only time will tell . Hogwarts – Charms Teacher Office – 16 th of June 1996 . "Shoo!" Neville grinned softly, watching his girlfriend as she tried to shoo away the big bad tomcat. Girlfriend , he breathed happily, not only girlfriend, but fiancée too . He still couldn't believe it sometimes. He, Neville Longbottom, for a long time feared to be a squib, for years seen as a dunderhead, a clumsy fellow and a menace in the potions lab, had succeeded in snatching such a beyond wonderful fiancée. Hermione and he were sitting in a side room of Roxanne Pinegrew's office, using the afternoon to rehearse a few fourth and fifth year lessons for their DADA exam. Roxanne was away with her family but they would see them all later. It was nice to have the opportunity to use this room. That their adored Charms professor had quite a nice library around here was certainly a bonus, especially for Hermione. "Go. Away." Hermione glared at the tomcat. He stared back a bit sleepy, a tad bored and mostly unimpressed. The beast even had the audacity to yawn, showing impressive teeth. He smelled of chicken and that awful sauce Balou loved so much, the sauce that always looked like a freshly disgorged bird. Paddoc always created it especially for him. There was a little stretching and bending, but no sign of him willing to leave his resting spot – right in the middle of her notes. As Hermione tried to push and heave him away, Balou played a bit of "Catch me!" with her fingers. Her fingers already had a few scratches from his impressive claws. It had been these claws that caught Petti-rat months ago. It had been those teeth that crunched Petti-rat's neck as he tried to wriggle away. Daphne loved her tomcat even more for killing the cowardly, traitorous Death Eater. "He hates me," Hermione whined, sounding far too much like a seven-year-old to her own ears. "He does not," Neville responded with a snigger. He patted Crookshanks who was watching the funny scene from his place on Neville's armchair rest. Since his growth spurt after the second bounding ritual, Balou was bigger, heavier and stronger than Crookshanks by far. It was still obvious which one was the alpha tomcat in this team of troublemakers and Casanovas. With Crookshanks' Kneazle senses and Balou's intellect and strength – both far above any cat Hermione ever met – they made a terrible pair to have around if they set their mind on some prank. Fred and George would be proud . Balou was also very charming around the cats living at Hogwarts. Even Mrs. Norris seemed to like him and he often reminded Hermione of Thomas O'Malley, the hero tomcat from the Aristocats. "I can't learn like this," Hermione continued to whine. Balou was unimpressed and didn't move an inch. "He certainly feels that you don't need it anymore, that you're only flustering yourself." Hermione had been far calmer than expected, Neville had to admit. She held true to her word from last summer and spent at least one afternoon each week with her friends doing funny and relaxing things, be it visiting a cinema or playing some game. Two times a week they went running around the lake to train their endurance and as often as the weather allowed it, they had a walk in the evening. Still, she remained Hermione and the prospect of doing her OWL made her nervous. Not that there was any doubts she would do great. It certainly helped that her three friends were willing to learn together with her, seriously. Even Harry had changed since becoming Harry Potter-Pinegrew. It did wonders to his grades. The four friends had been allowed to do some special projects, adding bonus points to a number of subjects. These projects focussed on teamwork, with the girls concentrating on Charms and Potions, while the boys worked with Earth Magic and Ancient Runes. The "Hermione/Daphne animal care product line" would hit the market on the 1st of July, distributed by Agatha Pinegrew and her partners and offering things like Hedwig's leather loop complete with warming charm, feather light spell and protection runes. Kingsley Shacklebolt, on the other hand, had accepted a number of "instant earth wall rune stones" from Harry and Neville for field-testing among some of his trusted Aurors. The wall Neville had created at the big battle had impressed him enough – him and most Aurors, many of them believing that the boy had saved quite a few of their comrades' lives with that spell. While Daphne and Hermione already got scores above the 120% mark in Charms and Potions, the Board of Governors was still debating how to score Neville's highly unusual kind of magic – not that it was of any special interest to him. He only needed an EE in Charms and Potions – both had been unimaginable two years ago, but were easily within reach at present – and an O in Herbology. With his OWL in that subject already finished months ago, he was sitting his sixth year Herbology exam this week. "But what if Professor Moody asks me about Grindylows?" The ex-Auror had taken over the DADA classes after Narcissa Malfoy's disappearance. However, it was only for the rest of the school year. It was still unknown who would teach next year. So far, Moody had been far less paranoid and tense than expected, perhaps a repercussion of Voldemort being beaten two months ago. "You'll do fine," Neville declared with determination as he walked towards her. "None of us will be able to beat Harry in the practical and Moody won't get a seizure should you actually miss a single question. "Professor Moody," Hermione automatically mumbled, while Neville lifted Balou and her notes without any problems, his muscles playing under the tight tee. Neville smirked as he noticed Hermione's stare and slightly open mouth – the mouth with the very kissable lips. She blushed as she realized her staring. "See anything you like?" Neville asked huskily as he leant towards her. He put his arms around her and lifted her from her cosy chair, his breath steady until he crashed his lips on hers. Hermione liked his newly found confidence even more than his well-toned chest and shoulders. She certainly didn't complain about the kissing. I'll continue learning later . Neville deepened the kiss, his tongue begging entrance at her soft lips. Far later , she moaned softly. . Interlude – The Burrow . Another teenager was working on his OWL preparations as well. Only this one didn't have any friend around to support him. There simply wasn't any friend left, not after the stunt he pulled at Valentine's Day. Even his siblings mostly despised him. Ronald Weasley was a poor boy, unjustly treated by fate. This was at least his own opinion, an opinion only shared by his mother. The good side of it? There wasn't any distraction, too. No twins pulling pranks on him, no Percy blabbering about his all-important work, no Charlie catching his attention with wild-exciting Dragon stories. He had time for learning and Joseph Hardigan's presence was all he needed to actually use the time well. This and the praise he received from his mother after getting an EE in his "Care for magical Creatures" exam. It had given him a new confidence, a confidence his teacher Hardigan hoped to use in the Charms exam as well. Transfiguration had been horrible, Potions barely been an A. He didn't expect to get any better at DADA the next day, but there was still History. Ron would have laughed a year ago into anybody's face mentioning that he would ever actually like that class, but Hardigan was nothing like sleep-inducing Binns. I'll make Mum proud , Ron thought grimly . I'll show them all that I don't need that Granger-bitch. I'm a Prewitt. I can stand on my own feet. Ron didn't remember when he started thinking of himself as "Ron Prewitt". His mother was always careful to hide the letters she exchanged with his Dad and their lawyers but Ron wasn't stupid. He knew that divorce was a very real option. His Mum was still trying to convince his Dad that they could be together again. Ron didn't believe it anymore, and more importantly he wasn't certain if he wanted them to get back together. He liked to live with his mother only. Sometimes he missed Charlie and Bill but certainly not the rest of the pack, especially not the "we use Ron as a practice target" twins and even less his bitch of a sister. It was her fault completely. She'll pay for that. "Continue," Hardigan demanded. Ron wordlessly complied. Revenge had to wait a little more . . Dreamscape . " Tell me where he is, Potter." The dark man hissed. Antonin Dolohov looked beyond furious as he pressed the tip of his wand against Daphne's throat. His dark cloak was torn, the cracked silver mask lying on the ground. There was however no doubt about his ability to go through with his threats. A few other Death Eaters were surrounding them, most of them hidden behind their masks but one proud to show his face. Fenrir Greyback was snarling at Harry, ready to jump him and tear him apart. " Tell me where you've hidden my Lord," Dolohov demanded to know. "Or your girlfriend will experience an amount of pain unimaginable to you." " Don't you dare to hurt her," Harry thundered. It was all he could do being bound with his wand taken away. His friends were on the ground in front of him, Neville torn apart by the vicious Werewolf, Hermione bleeding to death after getting hit by a Sectumsempra Curse. " You have nothing to demand, Potter," Dolohov snarled. "Answer my question or watch her die." He smirked viciously. "Crucio!" Her screams broke his heart. " HARRY!" . Hogsmeade . "Harry?" "No," Harry mumbled, restless in his slumber. "Leave her alone." "Harry," someone started to shake him. "Wake up, it's only a dream." "Leave her," Harry mumbled, slowly leaving his dream behind, yet not realizing where he was. "Daphne…" He opened his eyes and saw the most beautiful sight: Daphne, healthy, unbound and without pain. "DAPHNE!" Before she had a chance to react, Daphne felt herself dragged onto Harry's lap. He started to kiss her like mad, his face glued to hers, his arms holding to her like he was drowning and needed her to survive. Harry completely ignored the concerned look of Roxanne Pinegrew and the amused smile of his godfather