AN: Hello again, lovely Lumione readers! This story is going to be an AU Lumione historical romance , set around the 1850s. It will have mature themes, however I'm not intending to go tooooo dark with this (well, maybe just a little!) I'm giving it an M rating just to be on the safe side. It is essentially a crossover fic, however there isn't one single book with which I've crossed the HP world, more a collection of my favourite historic-romance novels including Jane Eyre, Rebecca, Mistress of Mellyn, The Shivering Sands, and a smattering of other stories about resourceful young ladies thrown by fate into the path of magnetic older men with decidedly shady pasts. If that sounds like something you wouldn't like, then please read no further. A couple of notes: I have decided to take Malfoy Manor out of Wiltshire and transplant it onto the Cornish coast, to a fictional seaside village called 'Tredraconis'. I just really wanted to have a stormy coastal backdrop to suit the tone of the story. The characters will be a mix of canonical and O.C, and I may very well play around with ages and relationships etc. Hermione is a little ooc to start with, however it is my intention to have her grow more into 'herself' as the story progresses. Okay, enough prattling. I hope you enjoy the first chapter! Let me know how you feel about it, I'd love to hear your thoughts! Xox artful (Ps I haven't abandoned Belonging, a new chapter will be up before too long). The Governess ... The first time I ever laid eyes on Lord Malfoy, a strange feeling crossed over me, a kind of stirring in my soul which caused me to shiver, as if (as Aunt Agna would have said) "a grey griffin had flown over the place of my grave." At the time I supposed that feeling to be simply dislike—for, although he appeared to be a very handsome man, his expression was as haughty and disdainful as his manner was cold and supercilious. Now, so many years later, I look back on that moment and wonder if it was something far deeper and more profound, a kind of premonition, perhaps, of the fateful path down which we were both to travel. But at that time, I was not a fanciful person, given to such romantic notions as fate and destiny. My Aunt—or rather, the elderly witch who had taken me out of the Orphanage For Muggleborn Children—had made quite certain of that. "You are a muggleborn witch, and a plain one at that," she often told me, in her forthright manner. "The best you can hope for is a quiet life of honest service. You're not cut out for marriage, my dear, but that needn't concern you...after all, it never concerned me ." "Yes, Aunt," I would murmur quietly, turning away so she wouldn't see the hurt in my eyes. I was aware her comments were not cruelly meant—she didn't intend to wound me, but to prepare me. Life had not been overly kind to her, and though she never admitted it to me, I believed she must have had her heart broken by a wizard in her youth. Bitterness and loneliness had left her mistrustful of the world outside her own little cottage, and she brought me up in the long shadow of her manifold fears. ...If only she had known how often I stood before the cracked old mirror standing among the clutter in the attic, secret tears sliding down my cheeks as I despairingly surveyed my insignificant figure, my unruly tangle of brown curls, the unfeminine angles of my face...maybe she would have taken a little pity on me. Or perhaps, more likely, she would have scolded me for dwelling on my outward deficiencies instead of improving my inward qualities.—And she would have been quite right in doing so. In many ways, it would have been crueller to fill my head with unrealistic hopes and dreams. Because a plain, provincial muggleborn witch would only end up paying for such dreams with bitter pangs of disappointment. And so she taught me only what she felt necessary to maintain this modest destiny, the basic housekeeping spells, the embroidery and mending charms which would earn my keep, and potion-brewing techniques used for medicinal purposes only. But for all her sensible advice to keep my expectations in check, she could not subdue my spirit completely. There was a rebellious streak in me, which whispered to me at night-time...telling me that I was meant for better things than to gradually turn into a replica of my spinster 'Aunt'; that there was surely more to life than performing endless, fiddly stitching charms on the piles of dresses which arrived in the chimney hearth each morning... Just how I was going to escape that depressing future was something of a mystery. By the age of eighteen my life seemed firmly entrenched in the course it would undeviatingly follow to the end of my days. Little, obscure, muggleborn orphan, Hermione Jean Granger, with her shabby twice-turned robes and second-hand wand, brought up by her adoptive Aunt to be, above anything else, useful . A head crammed with useful spells. A face and figure as undecorative as it was possible to be, without being positively ugly. How could I be anything but useful? I had no access to the books and schools which "legitimate" mages had. I, as a muggleborn, and a female one at that, was considered by the community as only a little better than a house-elf. The more kindly witches of the magical gentry pitied "my sort" and raised subscriptions and held charitable events to aid the poorest of us. Less wealthy but altruistic minded people like my Aunt took a more hands-on approach, for which I knew I ought to be undyingly grateful.—And I was grateful, though I heartily wished she had not taken her duty of "bringing them up to understand their place" quite so literally. In darker moments, I wondered why I had been born at all. What could I do that couldn't be fulfilled, better and more willingly, by one of those creature-servants which the wealthy wizards of the land employed in their service? What good was being a witch, when your world was so decidedly void of all magic? … When the long-wished-for change did come, it was swift and frightening, like a turning current suddenly bearing me away out into choppy, deep waters. My Aunt Agna contracted a fatal strain of Dragon Pox and died within a few hours of the symptoms manifesting. For the second time in my life, I was left utterly alone in the world. My Aunt's extreme reclusiveness meant that I knew no-one in our little magical enclave of Turningstone better than to say, "Good Day." The only shop I ever frequented was the local haberdashery, where my Aunt would send me to buy on account sundry supplies, with strict instruction to speak with no-one but the haberdasher and his wife, neither of whom were figures to inspire friendly relations. I had no confidants, no friends, no family, and no place in society. All I had to my name was a pitifully small hoard of hard-earned knuts and sickles, and a single Galleon which my Aunt bequeathed me on her deathbed, along with a character reference and a letter she had written at some earlier date. The letter was, typically of her, brusque but kind, explaining that her small estate was entailed to a distant cousin, but that she doubted not he would allow me to continue living there until I had found myself a satisfactory situation. "...I leave you," her letter concluded, "well satisfied I have done my duty to society by you. You are well versed in those crafts which will always earn you a keep, and I believe I have instilled in your heart a strong sense of self-respectability and practicality. I have been well rewarded for my efforts in having secured to me, in my twilight years, a devoted companion and a grateful beneficiary, who has been like the daughter I was never blessed with. Look no higher than your own good head, and you will be happy. Agna Gerdhart" Tears blinded my eyes as I read and re-read those words she had never deigned to speak during her lifetime. "Like the daughter I was never blessed with..." I had never dared aspire to consider her as a mother, although she was the closest I had to one. As for her final, parting token of advice, I accepted it as a compliment to my common sense and ignored the aspersions to my lowly birth. I might well "look no higher than my own good head", but who was to say I could not climb a mountain to take my view? … On the same day that my Aunt Agna was buried, I received an owl from the usurping cousin. I had, his note coldly informed me, two weeks in which to find myself a new place, before I would be evicted out onto the cold, cobbled streets of Turningstone. I was not surprised by this mean-spiritedness. I imagined he saw me as nothing more than a servant whose duties were no longer required. I knew that my Galleon might purchase me about three month's board and food at the local inn, but after that? The future loomed dark and dangerous if I did not secure employment as soon as I could. The very next morning I walked down to the Turningstone high street, clutching my purse with its few copper and silver coins, and my single, precious Galleon. Arriving at the village Postal-Office, I purchased a copy of 'The Daily Prophetical' , as well as the local weekly newspaper, 'The Turningstone Times' . Alas, there were far more advertisements asking for work than offering it, and I couldn't see a single place for a seamstress in any of the columns entitled 'Situations Vacant' . Each morning I bought and scoured through the 'Prophetical ', becoming steadily more terrified that soon I was going to become one of the poverty-stricken unfortunates who the gentrified witches raised their funds to help. Every vacant position required proof of prior experience or qualifications, or a thorough knowledge of specialized spell-work I had never even heard of. Many advertisements stated, "Wizards Need Only Apply" , whilst those particularizing witches almost always stipulated, "A School Education Essential" or, "Knowledge of All The Feminine Crafts & Modern Languages Desired" . The few jobs "Suited To Muggle-borns or The Illiterate" , were for badly-paid, dangerous work, such as industrial cleaning and potion-testing. There was also a handful of suspiciously worded advertisements detailing, "Well-Paid Opportunities In London For Young & Attractive Witches, Female Squibs & Muggleborns" —which I skipped over with a blush, recalling my Aunt's voice, uncharacteristically hushed, speaking about "fallen witches" who had, out of desperation or moral corruption, spurned respectable poverty for a more luxurious but ignominious and degrading existence, about which she was never specific. As my anxiety grew, so did my resentment and anger at my Aunt's lack of foresight in limiting my education so severely. How could I continue as a seamstress when I had not a roof under which to work? How could I pay for my own roof, if I had no money? I felt trapped and incapacitated by my own ignorance, the walls of impending destitution closing in on me from every side. Seven days after that warning owl, I went again to the Postal-Office with the intention of placing my own advertisement in the newspaper, although it was not cheap to do so. I had already written out the card in careful, plain script. "A muggle-born witch, raised respectably, adept in all household crafts & much experienced in seamstress spells, desires employment for modest remuneration. Excellent character reference available. Further enquiries to H J Granger, care of