A/N This one-shot was originally intended for the 2016 LiveJournal Smutfest which I sadly did not get around to completing at the time (y'all know what I'm like lol). However, now I've finished it and have decided to post it anyway. It's a little on the dark side, so be warned! Prompt: Hermione's husband is in debt to a certain wizard. She must pay off that debt at all costs. Harry Potter pairings: Hermione/Lucius. Suggested kinks: Dub-con WARNING! I have run with the suggested kink of Dub-con. If you feel uncomfortable or triggered by the concept please read no further . Thanks! Rating: M. Adults only, please! Warning: dubcon, adultery, explicit sex, strong language. Also: Useless!Ron, Predatoryl!Lucius, Blackmailed!Hermione ... An Acceptable Arrangement ... "Please do take a seat, Miss Granger." His voice is silky, yet it runs through her like a steel rapier. Hermione pauses in the shadow of the huge door through which she has just come, allowing herself to adjust to the ice which floods her veins. She takes a breath, squares her shoulders, sets her jaw. Then she steps out of the shadow, into the light. "Mrs. Weasley," she corrects him tersely. Her tone is composed and chilly, but somehow it rings back at her with unmistakable vulnerability. She is sure he can hear it too. His letter is clutched in her hand, and she tells herself that she is crumpling it deliberately, defiantly; that it isn't a matter of trying to stop her hands from shaking. Her soul from shuddering. She raises her eyes and their gazes collide. It's all there: their fraught history, the hate, resentment, distrust, disgust...the neverending quest for ascension and superiority—his, hierarchical; hers, moral. It never went away. It has become something of a shared mythology. But he merely murmurs, "But of course, how clumsy of me," and smiles in such a way as to refute any possibility of accidental clumsiness. "Please, do have a seat, Mrs. Weasely." Her stilettoes make a hollow, rhythmic tic-tic-tic-tic as she crosses a sea of polished flooring to where the wizard lounges behind his huge office desk, luxuriously ensconced in the tufted leather of his imposing wing-backed chair. His pale hair looks almost like a shining halo against the glossy, dark burgundy, and Hermione is unnerved to find herself reminded of angels as she looks on the face of this devil-in-disguise. He watches her approach with maddening impassivity. The relaxed elegance of his lines, the deliberate absence of intensity, the very ease and leisure he exudes; it hits her like a tacit barrage of control and dominance. As if he's tethered her up and holds the invisible reins slackly in his fist. The chair facing his desk is significantly smaller and lower than his (deliberately, no doubt) but even so, Hermione feels almost swallowed up when at last her quivering body sinks down upon it. She perches at its very edge, her back ramrod-straight, defying his languid indifference with her own severe rigidity. This is business , says her body language. Nothing more. Oh no, this is pleasure, taunts his. And it's all mine . "You received my letter?" he asks her in an affably polite manner, as if he hasn't already noticed it balled up in her shaking hand. "Yes." It's all she can manage at first. This close, in his domain—with only a desk, and a paper-thin veneer of civility to divide their hatred—Lucius Malfoy is suddenly very real and very, very frightening. She feels like a little girl again, as if Time itself has stood still since that very first encounter when he loomed over her twelve-year-old self and drawlingly undermined her very self-confidence and worth. She is both unnerved and enraged by the memory. She lifts her chin and hardens her lips. You're not a little girl , she reminds herself sharply. You're a woman. A grown witch. A...mother. She doesn't mentally add, 'A wife.' She's never felt less like one than at this moment. Lucius smiles, and though his lips are closed, his smile reminds her of sharp canine teeth. "I'm terribly sorry that you've been caught up in this...er, unfortunate affair," he says, his mild voice thrumming with sinister undertones. "You must have been very shocked to learn of your husband's manifold indiscretions." He tsks sympathetically, but she is certain she can detect a gleeful glint in his silver eyes. Hermione glares bitterly at him, wondering how long he's going to keep up this charade of courtesy between them. If only she dared be the first to end it, she has a long list of expletives she would love to hurl in his smug face. Don't do it! she warns herself. That's what he wants! He wants you to crack! She has armed herself with a series of carefully rehearsed speeches and selects the one which seems most appropriate in light of his ostensibly-pitying words. "Thank you for your concern, Mr. Malfoy. There has certainly been some misunderstanding in the dealings between yourself and my husband, which I should like to clear up as expeditiously as possible." Again, that smile. "Oh, there is no misunderstanding, I assure you, Miss Grange—ahem, Mrs. Weasely." His voice is still silken with civility, but he is deliberately turning down the thermostat on it. "My solicitors only await my orders to file an official complaint against your husband for embezzlement, fraud, larceny and theft...among other things." She can feel her face drain of colour, but she continues determinedly. "These accusations are groundless—ridiculous, in fact. There's no way my husband would ever—" "Allow me to prove them to you, madam," Lucius interrupts smoothly, producing and unfurling a scroll, then sending it to her side of the desk with an elegant swish of his wand. Hermione doesn't lean forward to take it; she already knows its contents. After all, she did spend the past week frantically ascertaining the truth, after receiving the unexpected missive from the lawyers acting on behalf of PureProfit Holdings Ltd. "Or would you prefer to peruse a groveling (and more importantly, incriminating) letter in your husband's own hand?" He slides open the top drawer of his desk and takes out a packet of folded papers. "I have several at your disposal." Something within her sinks and all she can think is, Oh, Ron. You idiot. For a moment she is silent and still. Paralyzed by the enormity of deciding her next move. She can't seem to think anymore. The last hellish, sleepless night she has thought herself to the brink of madness, and all that is left is a kind of empty, desolate desperation. "He has p-problems," she hears herself stammering at last. "Post-traumatic stress—he can't help it—it's an addiction, a-a-a sickness—" "Oh, yes, all very tragic, I'm sure," Lucius overrides her, throwing the packet of letters carelessly down next to the scroll with a precise flick of his wrist. One eyebrow arches with elegant incredulity. "A proclivity for the gaming tables is rather a common failing, so I'm told." The emphasis on 'common' is as deliberate as it is subtle. "It's even possible your husband might avoid Azkaban by an indefinite stretch in St Mungo's, if you were willing to—forgive me— gamble everything upon that unlikely outcome..." He allows for an extended silence as she is forced to weigh the implications if the gamble were not to pay off. Then he adds reasonably, "Of course if you were to raise and repay the outstanding sum before the end of the financial year, I should perhaps be dissuaded from pressing charges..." The financial year he speaks of is a little less than a fortnight away, as they both well know. "Impossible," Hermione replies numbly, staring at the letter in her hands. "There's nothing left. It's all gone." "Ah, such a pity," he murmurs softly. Then, with infinite delicacy, he tightens his grip on those invisible reins. "...But perhaps you and I might come to...an acceptable arrangement." The ice in her blood taints with dread. 'Arrangement.' An innocuous enough word in many contexts. But, slipping suavely from Lucius's handsome mouth, it elementally transmutes into poison. Her throat has clammed shut, and when she tries to coolly enquire what exactly he means, nothing comes out. Finally, she squeezes out a whisper. "Arrangement?" Lucius leans forwards, planting his elbows on the desk and steepling his fingers as he regards her with predatory, calculating eyes. It's all she can do not to shrink back from that glittering silver gaze. Despite the mahogany expanse dividing them, she feels as if he is looming over her, breathing down her neck. However, he's not ready for the kill. He wants to play with her a little longer. "Come, come, my dear," he says, "you must have something you should like to offer me by way of remuneration. An ancient family heirloom perhaps, or some valuable relic—but of course, no!" He affects to suddenly recall. "You don't have an ancient family, do you? And your husband's ancestral wealth is notoriously...ah, limited." His lips purse with facetious concern, though his eyes portray anything but. "Dear, oh dear." He drums his long fingers against each other, causing the precious jewels of his many rings to mockingly sparkle, conspicuously proclaiming his own unassailably secure status and wealth. "...Well, I suppose it behooves me to consider some other proposal of your own making." His lips part ever-so-slightly in a new, more dangerous smile. "I'm all ears, Miss Granger ." He seems to be daring her to correct his choice of pronoun. She doesn't. Hermione's mouth is dry. The tether is tightening. "I...I..." She swallows painfully. "I don't know. I don't have...anything to give you." The smile widens. "But of course you do, my dear. You simply have to use a little imagination. That shouldn't be difficult for a witch of your celebrated genius." Such is his subtlety, there is not even a hint of sarcasm in the last two words. But her cheeks burn nonetheless. Absolutely she understands the subtext. She can see it in his eyes, his smile, she can feel it in the vibrations between them, the currents of rippling energy which surrounds them. There's something inevitable about this, a sense of fate catching up with her at last. But she won't submit. She can't. Hermione quickly rises to stand, and his evident surprise injects her with some much-needed confidence. "Good day, Mr. Malfoy," she says frostily, tossing his crumpled-up letter onto the desk in a gesture of defiant rejection of his insinuating advances. "We have already taken up too much of each other's time. No doubt we'll meet before the Wizengamot." She turns, but not before registering the flame of admiration in his eyes. It's this, more than anything else, which sends her heartbeat into thudding overdrive as she stalks back to the door. She is in the process of turning the handle when his laughter freezes her hand mid-twist. It's too triumphant to ignore—too much like a derisive, decisive, 'check-mate!' Just go! her mind almost screams at her. Whatever you do, do NOT turn around! But how can she not, when he's tugging on those invisible reins again? " What is so funny, may I ask?" she demands, swinging around to face her nemesis. "Why, you are, Miss Granger," Lucius replies. " Not for the first time I am led to muse on the unfortunate circumstances of your muggle birth, my dear.—But for that, you would have made a wonderful Slytherin." She doesn't know what she was expecting, but it wasn't this. She feels odd, almost dizzy. "What do you mean?" she hisses at him, frightened by the sudden possibility that he knows something—something else —that he shouldn't. "Oh, you know exactly what I'm talking about, my dear." The mask momentarily falls away and his voice fairly drips with undisguised malice. "Don't attempt to play the holier-than-thou Gryffindor with me. I'm much too old and jaded to be out-manoeuvred by a mudblood chit twenty-five years my junior." He's bluffing! her mind