A/N: Harry Potter and its characters are not mine. Chapter 1: Harry: The Damage is Done Teddy Lupin is getting married. Finally. I mean, it has seriously taken that boy forever to get himself together. He's been dating Victoire for only, I dunno, the last TEN YEARS! He waited so long that all my kids have left school and started careers of their own. Most of the family started teasing about wedding bells right after the three year mark. Truthfully, I'm surprised that they (Molly specifically) waited so long; Weasley family engagements tend to be on the fast track, and three years is not especially fast. The ribbing and awkward questions escalated in years four and five; led mainly by George, his son Fred, and James; but Teddy's relationship status never changed. By their sixth anniversary, the only one who ever mentioned marriage around Teddy or Victoire was James, and he would quickly be silenced by his mother or Aunt Hermione. I think my son is purposefully tactless. It really would not surprise me. Once year nine rolled around it was clear that Victoire was getting impatient and was no longer buying his excuses. She had been patient when Teddy claimed he wanted to wait for her to graduate Hogwarts. She had understood when he wanted to put it off until he had finished his training at the Prophet and got a promotion. She had agreed when Teddy said he wanted to get his Grandmother settled in her new house before they took the plunge. I would continue this long list, but I can't even remember half the reasons he used to put off getting engaged. Finally, Victoire just got fed up with waiting for him and proposed herself. Teddy told me later that he had been carrying the ring around in his pocket for the last three years. Apparently, when Victoire discovered this, two things happened: 1) her exasperation was slightly alleviated because he had been planning to ask her after all, which showed her he is not a complete idiot; and 2) she got even angrier at him because he had planned to ask her, but had not worked up enough courage. Her exact words were, "What were you afraid of? That I would say no? If I didn't want to marry you after 10 years of dating, I wouldn't have stuck around!" After accepting her proposal, he told her that he had just wanted to make sure he could provide for her sufficiently. He confided to me afterward that she thought it was sweet, but slapped him rather hard on the back of the head for being such an idiot and thinking that he would have to do it all himself. They were in this together after all. A team. Everyone was thrilled when they told us the news, and the wedding plans started within the hour, punctuated occasionally by tearful exclamations from Molly: "Oh, this is so exciting! I told Arthur last night that I had given up hope that you two would ever get married, but then you decide to surprise us like this! You beautiful children!" or "It's been so long since we last had a family wedding! Such joyful times always bring people closer together!" or "Oh! There's so much to do! I'll have to get out all the fine china, iron the good table cloths, clean out the attic (you never know who's going to go snooping around during a wedding. Every part of the house needs to be spotless!), and bake a cake with at least seven layers. Victoire, honey, what is your favorite flavor? Yes, Teddy dear, I know you like chocolate," or "James Potter! If you are going to be a groomsman at this wedding, there will be no pranks, no inappropriate jokes, no unauthorized fireworks, and absolutely no songs you've made up! We don't need a repeat of that incident at your cousin Lucy's wedding, do we? Do you understand me, young man?!" Yes, you heard correctly. James S. Potter is in the wedding party. It makes sense since he and Teddy are practically brothers, but it's creating a lot of tension. Half the family is worried he will pull some kind of idiotic prank and the other half is hoping to be a part of it. He, however, refuses to confirm or deny that he is even considering such a plan. The only people who would know are two of his fellow groomsmen, Albus Potter and Scorpius Malfoy. Yes, I said Malfoy. Shocking, I know. The story of how Scorpius Malfoy is on such excellent terms with Teddy Lupin is a long and painful story that starts several years before Scorpius' birth. Lots of fights, hexes, lawsuits, tears, and a very small amount of laughter are involved. The short version is that Narcissa Malfoy and Andromeda Tonks reconciled after the war. The sisters slowly redeveloped their relationship, and in time, Draco and little Scorpius grew quite fond of Aunty Andy. Weekends were spent in her company, and Teddy was always there as well. That kind of weekly exposure is hard to ignore, and Teddy and Scorpius eventually fell into a comfortable camaraderie; one they continue to develop working at the Prophet , where Teddy is Scorpius' boss and mentor. The story of how Scorpius Malfoy became best friends with my sons is just as long, but, in my opinion, way weirder. James and Scorpius, predictably, clashed when they first met. Both were; and, admittedly, still are; strongly House spirited and cocky beyond reasonable…well, reason. There were duels in the hallways, brawls in the Great Hall, a few exploding potions, and one inexplicable "adventure" in the Forbidden Forest that neither of them will talk about. Ever. Hogwarts, under the strict rule of Professor McGonagall, does not condone such behavior. Their actions landed them, and sometimes innocent bystanders, in multiple detentions. Per week. It got to the point that Draco Malfoy and I were required to meet with McGonagall almost every Saturday. Needless to say, it was not comfortable. For anyone. The culmination of their rivalry took place in the Slytherin vs. Gryffindor match in Scorpius' second year and James' third. Fiercely competitive, and not always the most rational thinkers, the two boys were marking each other rather closely throughout the entire match. Elbows were thrown freely, along with curses (the verbal, not magical, kind), and both found themselves nearly thrown off their mounts on more than one occasion. The match ended early, for them anyway, when James was in possession of the Quaffle and was speeding up the field. Scorpius, in an attempt to stop him, flew straight at him from the opposite direction. Neither being the type to back away from a challenge, no matter how ridiculous or potentially dangerous, it quickly became a high speed game of chicken. The resulting collision did not have a winner. As they lay recovering in the Hospital Wing, a grudging respect developed between the ex- adversaries. The boys wasted little time in establishing their new friendship and began working their schemes right there in their hospital beds. It seemed that playing up the other's injuries to attract the sympathy and attention of cute girls worked to their advantage and brought them together. Who would have thought your enemy would be your best wingman? Fortunately for Professor McGonagall and the school's damages budget, the fights were over. They found "forgive and forget" much easier advice to follow than I had at their age. Al, who was going through an unfortunate phase in which he hero-worshipped his elder brother (one that thankfully did not last too long), asked no questions about this new friendship, immediately accepting James' new friend as one of his own. James and Scorpius were lucky he did because Albus is clearly the most intelligent of the group. Sure, James and Scorpius are no lack-wits, but they needed Al to help make sure they came up with plans, schemes, and pranks that were feasible and less likely to get them detention. All in all, the teachers at Hogwarts had to put up with a lot. I'm so proud. Fast-forward nine years, and you'll find all three boys sitting at my kitchen table with my daughter, Lily, and me at 11:30 in the morning. All of us are clutching steaming mugs of tea, making small talk, and waiting patiently for everyone else to show up. It is five months until the wedding, so the wedding party, plus the Bride's grandmother and me, are getting together at noon to go over the plan for the next few months. You're probably wondering why I'm here if I'm not part of the wedding party. Well, it's because godfather of the Groom is an important role. And I'm paying for most of it. And to keep an eye on my sons. And this is my house. And Molly is bringing over lunch for us, and I don't want to miss that. No one would. We just began questioning Lily about her next match with the Harpies when we were interrupted by a thundering crash. We all looked up at the ceiling, waiting for some sign of where it came from. I've spent enough time sleeping in the same room as Ron to recognize the sounds of someone falling off a bed. It's silent up there for a few moments, then what sounds like clomping, a pause, a door slamming, and loud footsteps coming closer. Then, we hear the unmistakable sound of someone coming down the stairs, slipping, and accidentally riding the last few steps down. Al and James snicker, Lily rolls her eyes, and I smile because we all (except for Scorpius) know that Rose has never been the most coordinated in the morning. She comes into view a moment later, sliding on her socks in a surprisingly graceful manner, stops purposefully in front of the refrigerator (I don't care if there are magical means to keep food cold, I have a refrigerator because I think kitchens feel empty without them), and buries her hooded head deep inside without looking around to see if she's alone. She fumbles around, picks up the orange juice, opens it up, and takes a swig right from the carton. At this blatant disregard for common courtesy, Lily decides to bring Rose's attention to the presence of other people in the room. Clearing her throat, she says loudly and pointedly, "Good morning, Rose." Not bothering to turn around, Rose merely grunts, "Morning," and continues to rummage around for something to eat. Albus and James, who are used to their sister's habits recognize the look on her face and realize what is coming next. Being the awful cousins they are, they smirk at each other and choose to let their sister berate Rose for her rude behavior. I guess amusement means more to them than preventing morning spats. Scorpius, who has never seen Rose and Lily interact this early in the day, is regarding the scene with a mixture of interest and boredom. It's a very contradictory look. Trying not to lose her cool, Lily smiles tightly and addresses Rose again, "Rose, we have company." Straightening up and briefly abandoning her search, Rose turns around, and we get our first good look at her. If I had not already known she just woke up, it would be obvious just looking at her. She's wearing comfortable looking athletic shorts and a wrinkled sleep tank with a zip-up hoodie thrown over it, and the hood is up. Her tangled red hair hangs messily about her face, and the sleep is still evident in the corners of her eyes. To top it all off, one sock is pulled up to mid-calf while the other has scrunched down around her ankle. In other words, she's looked better. She takes in the five of us sitting at the table: James and I on either end; Al, on his brother's right with his back to her;