Name: Nickname(Optional): District: Age: Appearance(Get in detail, or I'll stop reading the form completely.): Personality(Do NOT use one word adjectives. I want description.): Family(Get descriptive. Include appearances, ages, and personalities of family members.): Friends(Same rules apply here.): Boyfriend/Girlfriend(Same rules apply here): History/Background of Tribute(Be. Descriptive.): Have they been Trained for The Games?: Career?: Bloodbath?: Strengths(No more than 5.): Weaknesses(No less than 5.): Likes(At least 3): Dislikes(At least 3): Weapon of Choice: Secondary Weapon: Reaping Outfit: Volunteered or Reaped?: Reaction to Reaping(If Reaped): Reaction to Volunteering(If Volunteered): People who you want to come say Goodbyes to your Tribute(Family members, friends, etc.): Emotions during Goodbyes: Chariot Outfit: Training Score: Training Angle: Interview Outfit: Interview Angle: Thoughts on The Games/The Capitol: Tribute Token: Arena Jacket Color: Anything Else: -Gordude09- 1. AWAKENING Platinum was down on the floor. The see-through never ending streaks fell down her cheeks; before vaporising into the shallow carpet, her eyes had swollen up into round balls of cheese, the eyelids closed before gazing above. Her brown refined hair fell down her face as the pink highlights dangled within the hairs grasp. The misery had ruined her life, her career and her family...it was time, the time when her abilities were strained to the never ending point where the peak was irretrievable. She sobbed on her carpet with her lips touching it as she cried out and mumbled out a few words. Serenity, Platinum's mother, walked in with her own usual persona, he silver silk dress dangled to her feet and her gloss lips began to intimidate Platinum. Platinum was the only one from district one who ever had feelings for anyone but herself and her family...she cherished and loved everything about life, even from day one. Serenity bent down on to her knees to pacify her daughter reluctantly, the grief tears from Platinum's eyes were as droplets of lotus flowers had lost hope...once more. The tears started to mount, only this time harsher as they grew and grew larger; the drops slowed down and soon quickly faded away, a wicked smile appeared on Platinum's face as she helped herself up using her railing. She turned away from her mother before cleansing her eyes and jumping into her mother. "Now then...well...that's...um...done!" She screwed up her face as she expressed the last word that popped out of her mouth. She wiped her face as if she was ready to stuff her moth with a chocolate, by shoving it down her throat. Her mother gazed at her whilst she stood up, placing her arms gently around her hips and raising her eyebrow. She stared into Platinum's eyes with a slight fury as she soon found out that this was a prank. "Mother...stop...stop being so... so problematic." Platinum said, pronouncing problematic completely wrong as she was in distress, worried about her mother's reaction. Without hesitating, Platinum ran towards her mother and folded her arms around her waist so her mother could not speak. "Ahh...what bliss it is to see my child in so little stress, is it the reaping my dear?" Platinum nodded in understanding, she grabbed out her comb and safely put it into her mother's hands, tucking it like it was as if she was kneading pizza dough. District 1: Male: ST Richter-Vuraangreg Female: Platinum Diamante-Bookwormboy134 District 2: Male: Marcus Rock- LadyDunla Female: Miri Ismail- Pignati-POMForever District 3: Male: Female: Teagan Fenea- Loopyloola District 4: Male: Dante Throne- Sovereign1598 Female: Marina Grove- Swimmyfinnick1 District 5: Male: Female: District 6: Male: Female: District 7: Male: Daniel Woods- LadyDunla Female: Mariella Imora- LadyDunla District 8: Male: Female: Paisley Twill- BOOKWORMBOY134 District 9: Male: Female: District 10: Male: Female: District 11: Male: Female: District 12: Male: Female: District 13: Male: Female: District 14: Male: Seth Jacobs- Gordude09 Female: District 1: Luxury Goods District 2: Masonry District 3: Electronics/Technology District 4: Fishing District 5: Power District 6: Transportation District 7: Lumber and paper products District 8: Textiles (clothing) District 9: Grain District 10: Livestock District 11: Agriculture District 12: Coal mining (Now terminated) District 13: Graphite Mining/ Nuclear Technology (unofficially they manufactured nuclear weapons and among that housed and produced other weaponry) (Was thought to be terminated, but secretly it wasn't) ...,.. District 14: Weapons ( Revealed later in the book after the rebellion, oops I said too much). District 1 District 1 specializes in producing luxury items such as jewelry. Children living there take pride in representing District 1 in the Games, and are often among the group of tributes nicknamed "Careers", who illegally train for the Games from a young age. Katniss calls them "the Capitol's lap dogs" in The Hunger Games book. Once the Games begin, the tributes from the Career-heavy districts (typically Districts 1, 2, and 4) tend to form an alliance until they are forced to fight among themselves to determine the winner. Along with District 2, District 1 is heavily favored by the Capitol and is fairly wealthy compared to the rest of the districts. In The Hunger Games, both tributes from District 1 (Marvel and Glimmer) join the "Career" pack. Glimmer is eventually killed by tracker jackers (mutant wasps), which were dropped on the Careers by Katniss. Marvel is killed by Katniss after he killed Rue. In Catching Fire, the District 1 tributes are siblings Cashmere and Gloss, who are killed by Johanna Mason and Katniss respectively. District 2 District 2 is in charge of masonry and weapon making, though it was revealed in Mockingjay that it is also a center of training for the Capitol's army of Peacekeepers. District 2 is a large district in the Rocky Mountains, not far from the Capitol itself. Its citizens have better living conditions than most other districts; support for Capitol control is stronger here than in any other district.[citation needed] Some citizens of District 2 give their children names of Ancient Roman or Greek style, like those common in the Capitol. District 2 tributes often volunteer for the Games even when not selected in the drawing. As such, their tributes are among those referred to as "careers". These tributes train for the games. Usually, this is illegal but because of the support district 2 gave for the Capitol, they are let off, along with district 1 and 4, the other richer districts. The district is made up of many small villages, each based around a mine. In the midst of District 2 is a central mountain (referred to as "The Nut" by Katniss) which contains the command and control center for the Capitol's defenses. Originally, District 2 specialized only in mining and stone-cutting, but after the Dark Days it was also tasked with production of weapons.[citation needed] During the Dark Days, District 2 was the Capitol's staunchest ally and received preferential treatment from the Capitol after the rebellion, along with District 1. In the third book, during the second rebellion, District 2 once again supports the Capitol and is the last district to fall to the rebels. In the 74th Hunger Games, District 2's tributes, Cato and Clove, were formidable opponents. Clove came the closest of anyone to killing Katniss, but was interrupted and killed by Thresh. Cato avenged her death and was the final tribute to be killed when Katniss shot him with her bow through pity after he was shredded beyond repair by wolf-like mutations of the dead tributes. In the 75th Games, District 2's tributes were Brutus and Enobaria. Brutus was killed by Peeta in the arena; Enobaria survived the Games and the rebellion to be one of the last seven victors left after the war. District 3 District 3 specializes in the production of electronics. Most of its inhabitants work in factories and are very adept in skills such as engineering, which its tributes have used to their advantage in the Games. In The Hunger Games, the male tribute from District 3 managed to reactivate the land-mines surrounding the Cornucopia so they could be used to protect the supplies of the Careers. One of the previous victors to come from District 3, Beetee, won his Games by setting a trap that electrocuted many of the other tributes. He also used his skills after being chosen to compete in the 75th Hunger Games in Catching Fire. The other Victor chosen to compete in the 75th Hunger Games was a woman named Wiress, who discovered that the arena operated like a clock. Although District 3 seems to have technological advantages over other districts, it is actually very poor and typically doesn't do well in the Games. District 4 District 4 is a coastal district that specializes in fishing. It is another wealthy district in which children often train to become Career tributes. It is said that District 4 has the most "decent-looking" people. The most popular bread baked in this District is a salty, fish-shaped loaf tinted green by seaweed. In The Hunger Games, the male tribute from District 4 was one of the eleven to die in the initial bloodbath at the Cornucopia; in the film he was depicted being killed by Cato after an attempt to flee. In Catching Fire, Katniss finds important allies in Mags and Finnick, the District 4 victors chosen for the Quarter Quell. Mags is an elderly victor who mentored Finnick in his first Games and could make a fishing hook "out of anything." She volunteered for the Quarter Quell, taking the place of Annie Cresta, an unstable past victor who won her games by being able to swim the longest after the arena was flooded. During the third Quarter Quell, Mags was killed by a mysterious neurotoxin. In Mockingjay, Finnick is killed by lizard/human muttations during the second rebellion. In the film adaptation, the tributes from District 4 are not career tribute s. District 5 District 5 specializes in power. The female tribute from District 5 in the 74th Hunger Games is nicknamed "Foxface" because she looks similar to a fox, with a slim face and sleek red hair. She was one of the last to die, due to her cleverness, avoiding any form of contact with other tributes. She died by eating poisonous nightlock berries after watching Peeta harvest them, assuming they were safe to eat. She also stole a small portion of food from the Careers' supplies, dodging the bombs set up by the Careers shortly before her death. No description or name was given to the boy from District 5, except that he was one of the 11 who died in the blood-bath the first day. In the movie it was shown he had an axe to kill Thresh but he easily avoided the axe and hit the boy with a machete. In the 75th Hunger Games, Finnick killed the male tribute with his trident at the Cornucopia on the first day. District 6 District 6 specializes in transportation, serving as a hub for the transport network. Not much else is known about this district other than that both tributes in the 75th Games protected Katniss and Peeta. The tributes were both addicted to "morphling," a morphine-like pain relief medication, with the book suggesting that morphling addiction may have been a district-wide issue.[citation needed] During the 74th Hunger Games, both male and female tributes were killed during the first day. In the film the male was targeted by Cato, who accused him of taking his knife during a pre-Games training exercise (though it was actually stolen by Rue). The female tribute was killed by Marvel with a falcata (a blade weapon). In the third Quarter Quell, the male tribute dies on the first day and the female tribute dies when a monkey muttation bites her on the chest and ruptures her internal organs as she blocks it from Peeta, who was its initial target. Peeta describes many colors to her as she dies, suggesting that seeing visions of colors is an effect of consumption of morphling. District 7 District 7 specializes in lumber and paper. Apparently a large proportion of District 7's forest consists of pine, Johanna Mason