Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games Warnings: Language ATTENTION: THIS STORY HAS BEEN REWRITTEN! PLEASE READ THIS AUTHOR'S NOTE! I'm so sorry, but this had to be done. I spent forever procrastinating the next update of "The Gouge in the Table," and six months later, I looked back at this to find that my writing style had completely changed. Furthermore, the characters and emotions were a bit unrealistic. I decided to completely rewrite, reedit, and (hopefully) finish this, so many things have changed about the plot and characters as a whole. Therefore, it is highly suggested that you read the entire story once again, following along as I update. If you aren't up to it, you might as well desert this story altogether, to be quite frank. It's similar, with the same basis, but an entirely different experience. Again, I'm so sorry… but I hope you like this as much as you did the original, especially since I am intent on finishing it. Thank you for being patient and lovely and wonderful readers. -Ibbonray Chapter One Thump. The knife hits the centre of the moving target, but before I can silently congratulate myself on a throw well done, another target replaces it. Thump. There's a reason for why I chose the highest setting for the moving targets. It's because I need something that can lure me in- something that can force me to focus. Thump. Thump. If I don't focus, my hand will slip, and the knife could hit somewhere other than the centre, giving me a low score. Thump. I cannot get a low score today. This is the last round of fifteen-year-olds that will test before the Election. I'm not going to get a perfect score, since I'm not so amazing looks-wise (hey, I'm short, and they're biased, big deal), but I'm aiming for a ninety (because they never give out more than ninety-five out of a hundred). Maybe then I'll be respected in the next few years of training, until I can finally volunteer for the Hunger Games when I'm eighteen. The testing process is specific. When you're fourteen, you have to pass the survival test (which includes edible plants, knots, sprinting… pathetic stuff, basically). When you're fifteen, you have to pass the weapons test (which is what I'm currently partaking in). When you're sixteen, you have to pass the Games test (in which you have to name all of the winners of the Hunger Games backwards in consecutive order and whatnot). At one point, when you're seventeen, you have to pass the killing test (everything's all very hush-hush about that. They spring it on you when you least expect, and most drop out after realising they can't handle the traumatic effects of committing homicide). And, finally, they combine all of this together in a knock-off version of the Games when you're eighteen (in which they take all of those in prison and deposit them next to the trainees, who work together to kill the prisoners… it's actually a great way to dispose of serial killers and rapists). Since I'm only fifteen, I don't know half of the Victors' names, and I haven't killed on command yet. But that doesn't matter, since I'm not going into the Games this year, or the next year (although winning the Quarter Quell would totally redeem my reputation, which is already practically flawless). Thump. The last knife lands in the heart of the final dummy, which shudders to a halt. There's clapping over by the steel benches, and I spot Cinder, my trainee partner, smiling as she applauds my performance. I roll my eyes and turn back to the judges. Cinder's okay, but she's one of those annoyingly beautiful Populars that is constantly surrounded by friends. She's nothing exceptional- her training skills are just average, I think (I told you- the judges are biased). I'm sure she'll drop out of training after failing the killing test. I keep my stony expression in place as the judges dismiss me, and then stalk off to an empty corner, slumping down into a sitting position. I take a knife out of the satchel that I carry around everywhere and fiddle with it, twirling it around and around my fingers as one of Cinder's friends is called up to perform. The tests go in alphabetical order, by last names. Mine's Saber, so I'm normally towards the end. It's not long until the judges release us. They will announce the scores later tonight during the Results Ceremony, which is at eight o'clock. (The reason they score us is because they have to determine who will get special attention when we're eighteen. The tests narrow down the playing field until there are two obvious Volunteers for the year.) I'm first out the doors, despite my position in the far corner of the room. I nod to Trainer Valencia as I pass by her and she gives me a curt, tight-lipped smile in return. This means I've done well today. If I don't do well, she clobbers me. I quite like Trainer Valencia. I only let a grin slip through my cool façade when I'm at least a block away from the Centre. Even if I don't come out on top, I was first in my age group for the survival test, and I can guarantee that I will pass the killing test when I turn seventeen, while most others will not. In a nutshell? This grants me the possibility to become Chosen Volunteer at eighteen (which is the biggest honour one can achieve). I honestly don't have a big ego. I just observe my abilities and calculate how well I will perform in the future without attempting to flatter myself. If I think I'll be terrible at something- let the pessimism reign! However, even if I don't win this, I know I did well. I hit every target with accurate precision. Sure, I'm often underestimated because I'm short- really short- but girls here tend to prefer short swords to throwing knives. So I get a slight advantage. Only slight. I journey down Speartip Lane and turn onto Granite Avenue. The names of the streets here are idiotic, but fitting. In District Two, our specialties are masonry and weapon making, with the side hobby of training Peacekeepers. Fun stuff. Guess we were destined to be tough, brutal killers. Everything about my District screams ruthlessness. That's why I love it. At the end of Granite Avenue is a tiny, run-down park that they're thinking of demolishing and turning into a train station. There are train stations everywhere, since District Two is pretty spread out. Tiny, overpopulated towns seem to be our forte. There are thirty-three of them, scattered about the base of the Mountain. Luckily, I live close to Town One, where the Centre and the Square are located, so the train ride normally takes about five minutes. Anyway, why they need another station is beyond me. We've got plenty of them already. And besides, their ideas won't be getting very far, because those who live in the houses around here are protesting. I'm unbelievably indebted to them. This park has been our place to escape from the world for as long as I can remember- I couldn't bear if they destroyed it. I say our place because it isn't just my park. Under an old, sparse-leaved tree we've named Ghostlium, Cato waits for me, his blonde hair swept to the side and a smirk on his face as he sees me approach. "Hey," he says nonchalantly. "Hey," I reply, sitting down next to him. Cato is my best friend- and my only friend, nowadays. His father and my father were close, too, before his father died in an accident (but we don't talk about it much). To tell the truth, we were practically attached at the hip when we were little- we went everywhere together. It's changed over the years; we've both become more independent, and Cato has "friends" of his own; but Cato and I have never grown apart. He's like an older brother to me. I'm like his younger sister. Because neither of us have siblings our age (he has two four-year-old twin sisters, courtesy of a missing stepfather), we turn to each other for advice. I honestly couldn't survive without him. Okay, yes, I could survive without him… but what would be the point of life without someone you truly like and respect by your side? "You kick some targets' asses?" He asks, flicking me on the bicep. "Figuratively- sure," I smile, swatting his hand away before pulling my hair into a side ponytail. "You remember that Seeder won the thirty-fourth Games?" "Awwww, fuck." Cato looks stricken. "I thought it was that psycho from Ten with the pink obsession." "Are you kidding me? You're about twenty-five Games off. Get your facts straight." "Well, not everyone's got a photographic memory like you, Little Clovie." "Touché," I say, although I accompany it with a shake of the head at the photographic memory reference (I don't have one) and the purse of my lips at the nickname. My Grandfather used to call me that- "Little Clovie"- but after he died, Cato adopted the endearment as his own. I don't mind it much, but it's an unpleasant reminder of both my Grandfather's death and my minuscule height. "So, who do think is going to be designated Chosen Volunteer?" I ask him, in an attempt to make conversation. At this, Cato's expression becomes indignant, and although he tries to cover it up, I can understand what he's planning to do. "You aren't going to volunteer, are you? You haven't passed the killing test yet, Cato. Let someone older have a chance." "Why should I?" Cato says. "Why should I wait to pass a killing test if I've already killed? I want to go now. I'm fed up with life, Clove. It's time for me to serve my district." I place a hand on his arm, concerned that he hasn't trained enough to be ready for the Games (I've killed! Am I ready to be in the Games? No!), but he shrugs it off and stands up. "Better head home," he says. "Mum's going to want me to help her with dinner. See you at Results." "See you," I say tentatively, and he's gone in a flash, sprinting down Granite Avenue as fast as his long legs can carry him. Although I can run faster than Cato, I don't go after him. I know I've damaged his pride, what with my hesitancy to go along with his plan. It's just that... the Games aren't easy. The odds are terrible. Twenty-four go in, one comes out. There's no guarantee Cato could win, and I don't want to lose my best friend. After a minute or two, I rise, following in the direction Cato went. I arrive at the train station just as the train is pulling out, loaded with fourteen through sixteen year olds whom have completed their tests. I curse under my breath and take a seat on a marble bench in the depot, waiting for the next train, which should arrive in fifteen minutes. I'll have to eat dinner quickly, but at least I won't be missing any scheduled plans, since I eat dinner by myself. Fifteen minutes later, right on time, the train pulls into the station. I'm the first one to get on, using the pre-paid pass I keep in my satchel instead of paying the fee. It's another thirty minutes as the train loads with stragglers, and then we're off. Next stop: the Victor's Village. In case you were wondering, the Victor's Village is a town in itself. There are so many Victors in District Two that they take up two streets' worth of houses, which is a considerable amount of Victors in comparison to, say, District Twelve. In fact, my mother and father were Victors themselves, which is why I live in the Village.