Disclaimer: Suzanne Collins isn't fourteen. Shy, Mac, and Jack belong to Seta Suzume. The definitions originated with Steve Jobs. However, plot and characters are mine. Warning: Rated M for multiple, significant reasons. Hope that doesn't concern you. {beginning} stoic |'stō-ik| noun 1. a person who can endure pain or hardship without showing their feelings or complaining adjective 1. enduring pain and hardship without showing one's feelings or complaining i. he was insensitive He was the sort of fellow you always wanted to know, but when you did, you didn't like him much. Despite his easygoing smile and that innocent, strawberry-blonde hair, he had a personality similar to a mosquito's. Fundamentally, if you got too close, he'd bite you were it counted. He'd always been like that, ever since his birth mother decided she couldn't live with such a nuisance and dumped him at the orphanage door. Ever since his gay foster father (yeah, the one he thought was nice) went ahead and molested him in an unoccupied factory. And maybe he would have been a pleasant boy, had he been raised in a nice suburb with caring guardians and little neighbor-boys to play with. But he had been scarred in ways most couldn't fathom. His behavior was understandable. You can't expect anyone to know that. For the most part, he was stoic- and that was downright ironic, considering his name was "Stoic"- so regardless of the baker's kid's spiteful commentary, an emotionless expression could adorn his lips until sunset. How many people knew he suffered from constant abuse? How many? None. None. He was a foolish boy, foolish because he knew he could fool them and because he constantly partook in this practice. And so, when the mosquito tendencies thrived, people would walk away, wounded. He wounded people the way he had been wounded before. Sometimes, he would take the girls behind the empty factories, and they left with tears and without innocence. Sometimes, he'd taunt the boys and eventually leave them to run to the medic for something to help with cuts and bruises. Sometimes, he would attend a party with someone just to abandon them a few hours later. You could consider yourself lucky if he snapped at you. Yet he was deemed a stoic figure. Why? You see, there is an art to being stoic, as there is an art to everything. Stoic followed it closely, his tendency to have a slow boil immensely helping his cause. He took the abuse, and he smiled, and laughed, and disguised the pain. He let the pain simmer, and the pain fermented into anger, and the anger would vent out through his mouth and body in a torrent of hate. Stoic turned the complaints into something entirely different- something not entirely justified, but something you couldn't necessarily blame him for, either. But this "something" was insensitive and mean-spirited and misunderstood. This "something" turned the entirety of District Five against the smiley mosquito with strawberry-blonde hair. This "something" gained Stoic what was considered to be a one-way ticket to death: a position in the twenty-fifth annual Hunger Games. ii. he was reaped Was the use of the term "reaped" appropriate for this context? A more suitable term, he thought, would be "betrayed." Not that there was anyone out there with an unjustified reason to betray him. The audience looked strung together, like power lines, all of their thoughts connected to the same generator. There was a relief in their bright eyes, and a subtle layer of misplaced revenge that erased any notion of him feeling sorry for himself. So his response to the pockmarked piece of metal thrust in front of his face was, "I deserve it." He caught the baker's kid laughing along with his collection of cronies in the audience. It almost looked as if Stoic was smiling. vendetta |ven'detə| noun 1. a prolonged, bitter quarrel with someone origin: Italian, formerly from Latin vindicta for "vengeance" iii. he made fun Vendetta. Her name was Vendetta, and she was a temporary friend: the sort of person you couldn't trust, the sort of person who would stab you in the back, the sort of person that you couldn't help liking anyway. They were similar. Her life wasn't a picnic, either. Her boyfriend was a cheating jackass that threatened to kill her grandmother if she backed out of the relationship (and he would have very well done it, too). Her only source of income was from the occasional odd job in Factory Nine. Since that wasn't enough to support two fully functioning human beings, she was prone to stealing from the grocer's. They were also similar in their venting techniques. They both liked to make fun of those from District One, and their ridiculous names. A paradoxical occurrence, considering the number of people in the room totaled to four and their names were "Stoic," "Vendetta," "Shy," and "Twinkle," but a friendship-building technique, nonetheless. He snickered as the menacing face of one thoughtfully-named Opalescent took up the massive television screen. She let out her own barking laugh, slapping her knee. "Well, if I'll be damned," Vendetta said, "that isn't half bad. Just wait for the boy. Twenty-five that they call him 'Spectacular.'" "Fifty they don't." "It's a deal." To this day, Vendetta still owes him. iv. he couldn't see The cords wrapped around his thin figure, gleaming white and silver and gold. The stunning array of colors created the effect that he was doused in rippling fabric with a metallic sheen. His hair was adorned with more of the silver cords, but these were thin as tinsel. (Their size did not affect their strength.) Beside him, Vendetta was dressed similarly, the silver accentuating her deep auburn curls better than his strawberry blonde. Their escort- Stoic, a hypocrite, couldn't bring himself to call her by her given name- fretted about the costume behind his back, as if it weren't bright enough. He could tell that his stylist wasn't having it. "Oh, please," she said. "As if you could have done it better yourself." And then the escort turned to gush about the amount of sponsors Stoic would gain and how he would outshine the rest. The fool! He wondered why she even tried. Vendetta was laughing, her eyes scrutinizing a scantily-dressed Opalescent. "Ugly slut," she said. "You could fit that dress in a coffee mug and still have room left over to drink from." And he has to agree with her, despite a rush of guilt that came from realizing that this was the sort of girl he would have taken advantage of back home. They were always the girls who wore the dresses cut high in the thigh and low in the cleavage, the ones that were just asking to be taken advantage of, the ones that he could silently excuse himself for because they had just seduced him so it wasn't as if... And then, as his gaze shifted, a pair of dark eyes caught his and glared with ruthless venom. For a moment, Stoic was transfixed. They were black eyes, lined with crimson, slanted in a permanent glare. They were the sort of eyes that put up so many façades that you could peel away thousands and still find more to come. The first façade held nothing but death, but as it was, a façade was only a façade. Stoic's eyes wandered over his body with surprise. He did not seem to be a killer. The television must have enhanced his every feature- the bulk of his muscles, his height, the sharpness of his features. The boy was clearly of average proportions, with coloring that did not match your typical District One criteria, what with the bronze complexion and midnight hair. To put it simply, the boy was nothing overly special- until you met his gaze and learnt his name. He turned away from Death and pretended as if he'd been gloating about Opalescent's obscene costume. "Doesn't help that the garment's covered in diamonds," Stoic said. "They may use real gemstones, but that doesn't mean they look authentic. Not only does One look like a slut, she looks like a cheap slut." "Damn straight!" Vendetta agreed, slapping him on the arm with unnecessary strength. v. she met karma He woke to a tap on his shoulder and blood dripping onto his face. She leaned over him, one hand pressed to her forehead and her sculpted auburn eyebrows furrowed with contempt. "I am going to have a word with the president," Vendetta hissed. "He shouldn't allow other tributes to enter our flat!" His eyes surveyed the scene before him- specifically the blood dripping through the cracks between Vendetta's fingers. "What happened?" This was enough to throw her into a rant. "The cowardly bitch! She swayed her partner into doing the dirty work for her. What a bastard. Didn't he have any morals? But no, Death obviously doesn't have any morals. It's not like he had anything against me. I called her the slut- and I don't know how in the hell she figured that out, she was too busy checking him out, and he was too busy checking out you, and you were too busy examining Opalescent and agreeing with me to notice- oh, why does it matter? The only thing that matters is he sneaked up into my room and had to take her fucking revenge out on me ! And I couldn't very well scream, could I? I'm not a coward, and I don't want him to think so because I don't want to be a fucking bloodbath victim, okay? So he pins me down and does it, all the while fixing me with that awfully creepy stare, and then he goes up and leaves and I'm in shock. I'd better show you what he did, shouldn't I?" Vendetta let out a sigh and removed her hand from her forehead. It was covered in smeared blood until she used Stoic's (regrettably) ivory bed sheets to wipe away the excess. The letters then appeared, momentary red lines that grew until they were puddles of red again. Stoic, always disregarding of empathy, had to congratulate the mastermind behind this revenge. Vendetta definitely deserved this. S-L-U-T. Karma was a bitch. And if he wasn't mistaken, Opalescent had nothing to do with this sudden turn of events. The doctor was a pleasant, breezy man with not one evil notion pertaining to his soul. He rubbed ointment into the cuts with aqua-blue fingertips and wrapped a white bandage around her head. The doctor pronounced Vendetta good to go after dosing her with pain-relievers and a medicine used to speed up blood cell production. "Don't worry, honey. The scars will have completely faded in two days. Meanwhile, don't overexert yourself in training tomorrow. Stick to the mild stuff. Edible plants, knots, shelter-building… the sort of stations you'd be good at, since you're a girl, no?" Unfortunately, the doctor was a bit prejudiced against women. Fortunately, he was young and stable enough to withhold her unsympathetic punch to the face. vi. he overdosed on emotion It would come no surprise to the residents of District Five that he excelled in training, although his fellow tributes were another matter. They had underestimated him, as they had underestimated every one of their peers, for it was the Quarter Quell and the reaped consisted of your average delinquents or worthy fighters who could actually win this thing. That was the key point: the districts sent in the dangerous individuals who could win this thing, and if their tributes were strong enough they could win this thing and bring honor and wealth and food to their deprived district. It was inevitable that they would underestimate their fellow tributes, a consequence of their utter narcissism. Stereotypical, but true. On the other hand, while the those who underestimated their peers were incorrect, they soon became the underestimated. Because not one of these individuals was going to give up in the face of honor