Hello, everyone! I`ve had this idea for a few weeks now and I hope you like it. The story is set in fictional kingdoms in the second half of the 18th century because I wanted to give myself a bit more freedom while writing it and therefore not everything that I have written is historically accurate. The Kingdom of Velaria is supposed to resemble 18th century England and France. Although there will be quite some Gale/Katniss in the first couple chapters, this is an Everlark story, so bear with me. Well, I think that`s it. I really do hope you like it! Chapter One As I step into the deep forest, my forest, I take my first real breath since the beginning of the celebrations. The Festival of the Harvest in the autumn is probably the biggest and most important celebration in the Kingdom of Velaria. And this year it is even more special than usual. Tonight is the coronation of the Queen. My coronation. I`ve always known I`d become the Queen of Velaria someday. I just didn't think it would be that soon. It was a terrible shock to my entire family, to the people to learn that on the way to a diplomatic meeting with our allies, the Kingdom of Astria, my father`s ship had been attacked and he, the King, along with everyone else on the ship had been tragically killed. When we learnt the news of my father`s death, I felt as if I hadn't only lost the person I loved the most in the world, I had also lost my freedom, the right to decide my own fate. As the heir to the throne of one of the most powerful kingdoms in the world, I had never really been free in the way most people understand it. My days are carefully planned so that I get as little free time as possible, sometimes none. Especially after the King`s death. The future Queen of Velaria should not waste her time on walks in the wild where she will definitely tear her wonderful (and extremely large) gown and ruin her powdered haircut. That`s another reason why I am so relieved to be here at last. If I walk fast enough, I might get to the lake in time to see the sunrise. As I step through my forest where I`ve been hundreds of times before, I feel as if this is a "goodbye". By sunset, I will be the Queen of the Kingdom of Velaria. I feel the tears but I stop them before they have a chance to start running down my cheeks. I look around me and say a silent "thank you" to all the elms, oaks and willows which hid me from the world when I needed to be by myself, to all the flowers which I would braid into my hair, to all the butterflies which I would chase in the meadow and to my father`s lake, the most special part of the entire Kingdom. After a few more minutes of walking, I am finally there. The only place where I feel safe and free and truly happy. When I was younger, my father and I would sometimes swim in the lake and those are my most precious memories. I sit on a huge rock near the water just in time to see the sun slowly rise over the horizon and reflecting in the lake`s water. The view is breathtaking. I`ve seen sunrises here before but this one is different. It is the most fascinating thing I`ve ever witnessed. I sit there for a few more minutes and finally get up. It`s time to go home. Home to the palace and the hundreds of servants, home to my mother and sister who will be extremely angry with me for going out, home to my crown and throne. Luckily, I am able to enter the palace through the kitchen entrance, which the staff uses. A few of the cooks see me and give me knowing smiles – they are used to me being there because the kitchens are close to the woods. I nod at them and start climbing the stairs to get to my bedroom. I suddenly remember that I have a pretty big chance of crossing paths with some nobleman or lady when I get to the next floor so I stop in the middle of the staircase and look at my dress. It is quite modest and much smaller in size than what I usually wear. The fine lilac silk skirts are a bit ruffled, you can see dirt and small pieces of leaves and grass on the petticoat beneath them and my shoes are in an awful state but I can cover all that up. There is some dirt on my cloak as well so I take it off. Fortunately for me, my hair isn't styled in some overly complicated way and I don't have any fake hair added. For now. I smooth down my soft waves and resume moving. As I am walking down the hallway to get to my room as quietly as possible I hear my mother. "Katniss! Katniss, where have you been? Did you go out in the forest again? We were just about to alert the guard." She says as she catches up with me. "You can`t just disappear like that. Not today. Not on your coronation day." "I apologize, mother. I just needed a bit of fresh air. I understand how important today is." I say while entering my chambers. "Dear God, look at what you have done to your beautiful dress. It was a gift from the Duke of Bellard. What a shame!" she exclaims. I`ve never really been like my mother. I`ve hardly got anything from her – just my nose and my full lips. She has always cared too much about appearances and gowns and hairstyles in my opinion. Sometimes all she cares about is what salon we should all go next or when the next banquet in the palace should be held. Music, food, decorations and noble guests. My younger sister Prim resembles my mother much more than me. Not only do they look alike but they also act the same way. They've always been closer but I didn't feel left out. I would spend every free minute with my father. As he was the King those weren`t nearly enough. "I am sure the Duke won`t ask about the condition of the dress he gave me a year ago the next time he visits the royal palace, mother." "Katniss! I do not have the time to deal with your manners today. I am going to order a servant to come and help you wash and put on another gown. I expect to see you at breakfast. We need to have an important conversation. Do not be late." My mother says and gracefully walks out of my bedroom. Surprisingly, I am ready to head to breakfast in just about an hour. I take a look of myself at the mirror before I leave my chambers and I am yet again amazed at how different I look. I resemble a sophisticated and delicate lady – someone my mother would approve of. I am wearing a yellow silk gown with elegant ruffled sleeves that reach my elbows and there is beautiful metallic lace all over the robe. My coiffeur has added some fake hair to my real one and there are a few small ornaments in my hairstyle, which make it stand out even more. My lips are red and I appear to be blushing. My mother and sister are waiting for me when I arrive at the Breakfast Hall. It is quite unusual for us to be the only ones here, especially at this time of the day, there are usually a lot of noblemen, lords and ladies eating. "Where is everyone?" I ask no one in particular as I sit down. "As I told you earlier, Katniss, dear, we need to have an important conversation and we thought that it would be better if it was just us." My mother says before she takes a small sip of her tea. "Alright, let`s hear what this is all about." I am quite hungry and I impatiently wait for the footman to get to me. I feel relief flow though me when I put some food in my mouth. It is so delicious I suppress a small moan. "Katniss, this is really important!" My younger sister scolds me and looks at our mother nervously. "So talk." I say back. "There was a gathering of the House of Lords last night and the lords are not entirely… convinced that you can manage ruling the Kingdom of Velaria on your own." My mother starts. "Pardon me? They think I can`t rule my own kingdom? That is nonsense! I`ve been raised to become the Queen! This is all I have left from father; I want to make him proud!" I feel the tears threatening to spill from my eyes at the thought of my father. "Katniss," my sister says in a gentle voice, gets up from her chair and hugs me "they aren`t taking your crown away. I know you will make father so proud." "They aren`t?" I feel like a child. I shouldn`t have reacted like that. That`s not what a queen would have done. And I should be the one comforting Prim, not the other way around. I straighten my back and bring my chin up. "Of course they aren`t." Even my mother seems softer. I can see her walls cracking as I notice the wetness in her eyes. She quickly recovers. 'Emotions only make you do stupid things.' that`s what she says. "Alright, then what? Whatever it is it can`t be that bad." I say and I already feel much calmer. Prim lets go of me and goes back to her seat. "A lot of noble guests will soon be here for your coronation. Your father`s dear friend, King Elyot of Astria, and his son Prince Gale will arrive in a few hours. Given that the Kingdom of Astria has been an ally of Velaria for many years now, and the King is believed to an honest and honorable ruler and a dear friend of your father`s, the House of Lords has reached the decision that it would be for the greater good if you married King Elyot`s son, Gale. " my mother says. It takes me a few seconds understand what she means. Marry someone? "I won`t do it." It is the first thing that comes to mind. They can`t just marry me off to stranger. "I am the Queen of Velaria. Thay cannot order me to marry someone who I have never met, mother. It is not happening. I can`t know for sure if I can trust him. I won`t just give him complete power over Velaria!" "Katniss, this is the only way. It will benefit the kingdom, too. If Velaria and Astria unite, they will be invincible. A new empire will be formed and you will remembered as great rulers-" My mother starts saying. "You can`t know that for sure! Nobody can! Mother, please, talk to them. Do something!" I feel as if the all the air has left my lungs. The room is spinning and I can`t make it stop no matter how hard I try. "Hey, Katniss, you will probably like him. You might even fall in love. Imagine how happy you`d be then!" my sister tries to make me feel better but it doesn`t work. "You are royalty, my dear. We do not have the luxury of choosing whom to marry. We have to sacrifice a lot, sometimes everything for the people. But that doesn't mean it can`t end happily." My mother has never been so gentle with me before. I think this is the first time she actually acts like a mother towards me. Nevertheless, I