STORM WARNING By Pidgeon Adrian O'Malley Disclaimer: I own neither the title nor the characters in this story. The plot, however, is mine, so no touchy! :) Enjoy! It was fine spring morning. The Shire was abuzz with activity, for the fine hobbits had their first chance since winter's thaw to get out and about like they were used to. It had been a long winter, and the summer-loving farming hobbits were glad to saunter out of their holes without a scarf or jacket. The old hobbit granddads grumbled to themselves – rocking on their porches – about the foolishness of the younger generation in doing so, however. "I feel a cold rain coming up, mark my words!" they muttered to each other, each one in turn nodding sagely. "Ya wouldn't catch me out there too far from my hole! Wouldn't want to be caught out this soon after winter in a storm. Could catch me death." But as the cheerful and joyous younger hobbits paid no heed to their complaining, the old hobbits sat back deeper into their rocking chairs, lit fresh pipes of Old Toby, and commenced staring at the sky. On this occasion the young and charming (if he did say so himself) future Master of Buckland – Meriadoc Brandybuck – came strolling down the lanes coming from Brandyhall, breathing in a deep breath of the sun's rays and enjoying every second of it. It was a grand day, he thought, just absolutely marvelous. Up ahead he caught sight of his younger cousin, Pippin Took, walking next to a cart loaded with apples. Well, in all honesty, walking was not the best word for it. He was jogging and fast-walking at the same time, trying to stay next to the driver and engage him in conversation while attempting (and failing, Merry thought) to retain his dignity. The signature smirk of the Brandybuck line flashed across Merry's face as he saw what Pippin was doing every time the driver turned from watching the bouncing young Took, in order to keep his eyes on the road; Pippin was discreetly pocketing a few of the cart-hobbit's apples. Only just in time Merry wiped the grin off his face as the driver pulled to a stop next to him. Pippin, eyes on the cart (or more precisely, the apples in the cart) nearly bumped into his cousin. The future Thain's green eyes were gleaming and his loose brown curls were bouncing, his face red with the strain of keeping up with the pony-driven cart. "Why, hello, Merry! Fancy seeing you here! Enjoying yourself, are you?" Allowing his grin to resurface, Merry nodded politely at the driver. "Indeed. This is the best weather we've had all year. How are you, Mr. Boffin? Are you enjoying this wonderful weather as much as I am?" The middle-aged and slightly overweight driver tipped his cap to the young Brandybuck. "I shore am, young sir. Mr. Pippin and I was just talking about the beautiful weather we're havin'. Best thing that could've happened to my aching joints, if ya know what I mean. But somethin' tells me we're in for another doozy before too long." "Oh, I hope not. I was hoping the cold had finally made its conclusive retreat back up North, where it belongs." Mr. Boffin laughed, hitching up the reins. "I hope so too, young Master. We'll see. Maybe summer's finally come for good. I'll be seeing you boys." The two waved as the good hobbit drove off. When he rounded the bend and was out of sight, Pippin turned towards Merry conspiratorially, making a bright red apple come out of his shirtsleeve. "Works every time," he grinned, the pronounced Took dimples showing through. Quicker than his young cousin could blink, Merry snatched the fruit and took a big bite of it. "It sure does, Pip. Don't you ever learn?" Pippin had the good grace to look annoyed as he reached into his right pocket (the one farthest from Merry), grabbed another apple, and took a quick and messy bite out of the ripe fruit. Merry leaned away casually, raising an eyebrow, as sprays of juice made their unwelcome advance toward his person. He cleared his throat and took another bite. The two walked along the mostly deserted pathway, enjoying the other's company, until they came to a fork in the road. Pippin made to go on the one that led to the town, and had assumed that Merry would follow suit. One could always count on Merry for some fun, he thought. But instead Merry tossed his finished apple into the woods and called out "See you around, Pip!" as he walked towards the smaller path leading to the farmlands outside of town. Doing a classic double-take, Pippin threw what was left of his apple core towards the retreating hobbit and was rewarded with a grunt as Merry was hit upside the head. "Say, Merry old boy," Pippin called out, "Where are you off to this fine day? Out to do a bit of farm work? Penitential labor required by your father for some mischief done?" Merry shook his head, smiling as he picked a piece of apple out of his bright golden curls. Boy, is he in a good mood, thought Pippin. "Nope. I'm off to see Estella." Pippin smirked with the mischievous look in his eye that came so often when the subject of Merry/Estella came up. "Oh, Estella, now? How is the lass?" "As fine as ever." Merry sighed, a special shine coming into his deep blue eyes. "Now I really must be off: we're going on a picnic and it wouldn't do for me to be late." "Just remember, Merry, that your dad expects us back for dinner at Brandyhall at 6:00 sharp. It wouldn't do for you to be late for that, either." Pippin said, walking backwards toward the town and waggling his finger at his cousin. "No worries!" Merry called, trotting now in anticipation. "See you tonight!" The two cousins parted ways. Merry came to one of the stables owned by his father a few yards up the path, and was met by the two ponies he had previously arranged to have ready. He mounted one as Gus Hornblower, the old stablehand, winked at his favorite young Brandybuck. "You have a good time there, y'hear, with that Bolger lass. She's quite the looker, if I may say so." Merry couldn't hide his signature grin even if he tried. "You may indeed, Gus my friend. But she has beauty on the inside; that's where it counts." Gus nodded sagely, his white hair waving softly in the breeze. "You'd better keep hold of this one, Master Merry. Sounds like a keeper." Nodding with a knowing look and a devout "She sure is," Merry knuckled his forehead to the old hobbit and kicked his heels into the pony's ribcage, storming the dust around him like a whirlwind. Estella was busy packing lunch in a large basket. Half a dozen ham sandwiches, a few apples, sausage links, hardboiled eggs, a deep-dish apple pie…was she forgetting anything? Oh, yes, the jug of sweet iced tea! She was just wedging it in the basket when her brother walked in. He was, of course, Fredegar Bolger – or Fatty, according to his friends. Sauntering up behind his sister, he grabbed her waist and pulled her to the side with one hand while he snatched a slice of ham with the other. She tried to slap his hand away, but he only held her tighter and grabbed another slice, the first hanging out his mouth. "Really, Freddie! Stop now, or else I'll never get this basket packed for the picnic!" The portly hobbit conceded and released his sister, laughing. "A picnic, eh? Am I invited?" Estella turned to make a face at her brother, her auburn curls bouncing around her shoulders. "Of course not, Fred. This is a picnic for a couple; no more, no less." Fatty's eyes narrowed, and he forgot about the ham in his hand. "Merry Brandybuck, isn't it?" Estella's eyes lit up. "And who else would I ever go with? He's absolutely wonderful. He's…" "A troublemaker, that's what," Fatty interrupted her. "Mark my words, Stella; Merry's not good enough for you. He's always getting into some mischief or another with that cousin of his, Pippin. He's not responsible enough to take care of himself, let alone you. Do me a favor, honey, and please just let him go. He's not worth it." Estella turned back to her basket, eyes sad. She knew Fred was worried about her welfare, but her brother didn't know Merry like she did. "No, Freddie, you're wrong. Merry is a kind and gentle hobbit. He would never hurt me, intentionally or otherwise. He's a bit of a rascal, yes, but not in a mean way – never in a mean way. He is bright, intelligent, funny, and loyal to a fault. Freddie," she said, grasping his hand and turning to look in his eyes, "I love him. And I know that he loves me. Do you understand?" The sour look faded slightly from Fatty's face, but didn't leave entirely. "Not altogether, Stella. I still don't trust him, and I daresay I never will. In my eyes no hobbit is deserving of you. I wouldn't wish you unhappiness, so I won't wish that you stop seeing him, if that's what you want. But please be careful." "Aren't I always?" Estella said with a laugh. "No." Fatty replied, a chuckle escaping his lips. The siblings gave each other a tight hug and Fatty took his leave, unobtrusively swiping another slice of the juicy ham. "Oh, you," laughed Estella, playfully shooing him out of the kitchen. She took another few minutes to sort the victuals in the basket. The window was open and she heard the soft flutters of hummingbird's wings and the trills of bluebirds flying from branch to branch in her apple orchard. It was a grand day, she thought, just absolutely marvelous. Humming a sweet melody that just seemed to come to her on the back of the summer breeze, Estella swept up the basket and the jug of tea in one hand and turned…straight into Merry Brandybuck! He held out his hands to catch her as she stumbled in fright, his initial impish grin at catching her unawares in her own kitchen immediately having abandoned him for a look of barely-concealed laughter as she hit him flippantly over and over again with her free hand. "Whoa now, desist, I beg mercy! I'm not the enemy around here, Stella, and I would appreciate not being made an invalid before I have a chance to finish our date this fine day!" Estella hit him once more on the shoulder, unable to stop a broad smile creeping across her face. "Don't you dare do that again, Meriadoc Brandybuck! You nearly frightened me to death! Whatever would you do if I fainted dead away and all this food that I've been preparing for the last hour fell and was destroyed? Answer me that!" Assuming a frown of sorrow, Merry shrugged and murmured, "Try to save what was left of the food, I suppose." He laughed as Estella thrust the basket into his hands with a "humph" and, with the rapid societal recovery that no doubt came from his Took side, he threw a protective arm around the hobbit lass and whispered, "Forgive me, Stella; no amount of your delicious victuals could ever compensate for your own unique presence. I would go hungry for a month to save you from fainting dead away." Looking up into his striking blue eyes, Estella smiled. "Only a month?" With his arm around her and her arm around his waist, their eyes holding fast, she felt a wonderful warmth come over her. She stood on her tiptoes with the intention of pressing her lips to his, when a sound came from the kitchen doorway.