Chapter 1. Chosen To Die I stood in a crowd of children who all wore the same expression. Fear was in their eyes. Lingering in everyone like your shadow clings to you. My knees trembled, my legs felt weak. I felt like they could give out at any moment. The world around me felt silent, numb as if i was in a bubble. The voice of the woman whose voice always echoed like little bells seemed faraway to me, now. Though my bubble broke as soon as I heard her now vivid words that seemed to wake me up from a dream. Like a needle piercing a balloon. "Primrose Everdeen" she said with a wide grin. My breath quickened and before i knew it, i was screaming. When i opened my eyes, i was in the arms of my older sister who was trying to calm me down. I hadn't noticed i was crying at first. With a weak voice that came out as a whimper, i said "it was me". She shushed me, rocking us both back and forth gently. Laying in the bed, Katniss looked at me with a gentle smile, her hand caressing my blonde hair. Her lips parted to sing that song dad used to sing for us when he was still here, with us. I smiled and joined my voice with hers. I can't remember how or when but i realized i had fallen asleep only when i reopened eyes. Katniss wasn't beside me anymore, she was probably in the forest with Gale. Mom wasn't in bed either anymore. Before i could get up, she walked into the room looking more motivated than usually with a brush in hand and a grey pale skirt. A gasp escaped my mouth as I poured the cold water onto my back. In times like this, i imagined that the cold was soothing and pleasurable, that the water feels nice as it flows down my warm skin. My imagination does fool my mind but not my body. I shivered slightly. Mom had prepared a dress for me, for the reaping. I watched her reflection in the mirror. Her eyes laid on me the whole time, her hand went up and down as she brushed my hair, slowly. When dad was still alive, we were all happy but mom seemed to be the most. Her cheeks were rosy, her lips had a shade of red, her blond locks of hair fell onto her shoulders like a cascade and most of all, she looked 'alive'. Now, she barely talked, her hair lost it's golden colour and it was now always tied into a messy bun, her cheeks became pale, her lips lost it's red shade, her eyes lost it's liveliness, dad's death had changed her completely. It's as if he had taken the hope and joy she had, with him. She had braided my hair and after she was finished with me, she started preparing Katniss's dress who was much bigger than mine, obviously but it still surprised me. Not long after, Katniss walked in and the first thing she did was look at me. The corners of her lips went up instantly. She called me a little duck. Katniss's hair was braided then arranged into a neat bun. Even in plain pale clothes, she looked beautiful. And now that we were both dressed...it was time to go. I don't remember how or when we got here but Katniss and i were walking in a line, heading for a table where one man and woman sat. The boy at the front of the line looked calm but terrified. He gave his finger to the woman and she...pricked him ? He flinched and i saw blood oozing out his finger. Panic seized me. I started panting and stumbled back, scared until strong hands held my shoulders firmly. Katniss was trying to calm me down and she did eventually. I felt protected with her. "Prim, it's okay, it's stings just a tiny bit but you can do this. After that, go with the kids your age, I'll come for you." I walked closer to the table, until the woman took my finger and i felt a sting. My bloody fingerprint was left on the paper. Katniss said she was going to find me, she said i wouldn't get picked, she said everything would be okay... I stood in the crowd of children my age, just like in my dream. Then I heard the voice of the president but it was muffled this time, I didn't hear anything he said. I remember Katniss saying that it was just a load of bullshit. Effie Trinket was about to do the choosing. In my dream, I felt like I was in a bubble, that everything was numb, kind of hazy...it was very different in reality. I felt every swoosh of the wind, every goosebumps on my skin, felt gravity pulling my weight down and heard her echoing words now more vividly than ever. "Girls first, as always." She said with her bright white teeth. Her hand went into the glass bowl and took one of the rectangular papers. She walked back to the mic and unfolded the paper. The next thing I knew, my heart had stopped. "Primrose Everdeen" She said triumphantly. That was my name. Me. It was...me. My lips parted slightly, trembling. Effie Trinket called me but i didn't move. My feet stayed stuck to the ground, my arms dangling down, limp. Finally, after the third time she called me, I moved my feet. Every step i took felt as heavy as a rock. I looked down and walked with two peacemakers by my side. I couldn't believe it. Was i really reaped ? Was i really walking over Effie Trinket ? Yes. I was going to be in the Hunger games. I was scared to the root of my very being. What was going to happen to me ? And then, a voice screamed my name. I turned around more quickly than i walked. It was Katniss. I called back at her, my voice pleading. Then, i froze. I saw Katniss's lips move. She was about to do something, something to save me...she was going to sacrifice herself...for me. I could read it in her eyes. The first thought that came into my mind was that I had to stop her. "No, no !!" I yelled at her as she tried two times to speak. I yelled at her so loudly and fast that she looked bewildered and confused. She was about to say something again but once more, i stopped her. "Stop it !!" I yelled to Katniss before she could volunteer in my place, clenching my shaking hands. "You ARE NOT doing this !! Please..." My heart was beating so fast it was going to explode. I had never spoken to her like that. Her surprise turned to realization and she seemed to almost plead me with her eyes, I felt like crying. I fought the urge to run into her arms, and just turned my back on her. I walked faster with my back straighter and my head higher to show Katniss I was okay and to hide the fact that I was scared to death. I now stood beside Effie Trinket. My cheeks were moist from the few tears that fell. She had reaped a boy about Katniss's age. His name was Peeta Mellark. He looked as frightened as I was. The next thing I knew, I was in a room, waiting for Katniss. She burst in and held me tightly against her chest. She released me and cupped my cheeks with both of her hands. I had no strength left to pretend to be strong. My lips trembled, my legs were weak, my hands were shaking and it was probably written all over my face how much I was terrified. "Listen to me Prim, i want you to do every thing you can to win, do you understand me ?" She said staring straight into my eyes. I nodded. "You can do this Prim, you can do it, just don't give up. She said as she held me against her, one more time before releasing me. I'm glad that she didn't ask me why i had stopped her. She probably already knew the answer. I walked right into mom's arms. I muttered "I love you" and it came out muffled since half of my face was hidden in her shirt. She said to me with a voice that sounded stronger than usual, for my sake probably "I love you too". And then I had to go. Mom and Katniss were forced out by peacemakers and I was led to a carriage where Effie Trinket sat between Peeta Mellark and me. I wished this was all a nightmare and that i would wake up soon, with Katniss comforting me in the morning. But this wasn't going to happen. Not anymore. We all entered the train and no matter how scared i was, i couldn't help gawking. The ceiling had crystal chandeliers, the floor was covered with a royal blue carpet and the sofas had the same colour and softness. Further in the train was long wooden beautifully carved tables, they were covered with delicious looking sweets. My mouth drooled. Effie went to search for who I supposed would be our mentor, with an exasperated look. In the meantime, I took a star-shaped brown cookie and proposed one to Peeta but he shook his head with a faint smile. I didn't notice how hungry i was. I sat next to him, silently and ate the cookie. It was so delicious I had to fight to not get another one. I never liked being silent with strangers, especially in moments like this...but I have never been in moments like this before, have i ? Peeta broke the silence. "Do you know him, Haymitch ?" I shook my head. And then the door opened and a man with blond hair falling on his face walked into the room. He held an empty glass and wore a blouse that looked messy. He walked over the liquor and pulled himself a glass. He asked where was the ice and Peeta answered he didn't know. He then sat in front of Peeta. "So when are we going to start ?" Asked Peeta, matter of fact. "Wow, so eager !" He said raising both of his eyebrows. "You'll have fourteen days and with that you'll train with the other tributes. But let me get something straight into your heads. No matter what you say or what you do there is nothing i can do to save you." He said with a smile. "But you can help us, right ?" I said in a low voice. "Help us." I said half whispering. Haymitch stood up and said then without answering me that he was going finish his liquor in his room. Then Peeta followed him. My appetite was cut short. I decided to visit the train a little. If I was going to die...I might as well enjoy this luxury. I sat on a blue couch, bringing my knees to my neck. I wanted to cry but no tears came out. I felt so tired, both physically and mentally. Later on, Effie found me and led me to my room. The bed was so fluffy and soft, I instantly fell asleep. The morning, I headed to the living room for breakfast and saw Peeta and Haymitch eating breakfast together. I was surprised to find them together. I entered the room and they both turned their faces in my direction, making me nervous. "Oh. Morning sweetheart, come sit with us." He said with a smile. I smiled faintly. "He was telling how we can find shelter." Said Peeta smiling. He looked better. Almost normal, as if the reaping never happened, I was surprised. I sat at the table