My body thrummed with determination as I sped toward the Cullen mansion in my red truck. Well… I was going just below 60mph, but for my car, that was considered breakneck. I had to grip the wheel with white knuckles in order to maintain control. I could hear the creaking of every worn piece of iron as it maneuvered down the bumpy dirt roads. I imagined I was probably leaving a trail of scrap metal in my wake. If Edward were to see me now, his panic would be enough to probably restart his frozen heart and then have it fail on him due to a coronary. But he'd have only himself to blame. I haven't seen one member of the Cullen family in three days, Edward being the one whose absence worried me most. Our last encounter, three nights ago, had been spent in my room. As Charlie hibernated down the hall, Edward and I had been a mass of locked limbs and fused lips. His shirt had been discarded somewhere on my floor as he lay between my legs, slowly grinding his jean clad erection into me as he did every other night. I lay beneath him, embarrassingly breathless as per usual in my thin tank top and panties. Things became unusual when I reached for the hem of my top, ready to take it off, a little surprised that he hadn't already taken the liberty to do so himself. Before the hem could even skim my navel, Edward grabbed my wrists and pinned them roughly beside my head. I was startled and confused, but not enough to not recognize that that particular action was hot as hell. I moaned into his lips, writhing against him the way I knew he liked. He groaned, sinking his face into my neck, before thrusting. Hard. It wasn't his typical restrained thrusts; it was forceful and primal and everything Edward worked so hard not to be. The damn headboard banged against the wall. It pushed me about four inches higher up the bed, it made the springs bounce in reverberation, and it allowed his length to literally part my folds through my panties, hitting bluntly into my clit. I screamed as its intensity had taken me by surprise… but a very good surprise. "God damnit Bella!" he growled, grinding himself against me, his motions deliberately mimicking sex. I could feel the rolling in his back as he pushed his hips in and out of me—could feel the definite rhythm. "I want to fuck you so bad." He said. His voice was so serious and raw in its need. He brought his hands to my thighs and forced my legs around his waist as he continued to rock into me. I gasped, his words causing the wetness to intensify between my legs. Edward rarely swore, and when he did, it was only in times of intense anger, never in lust. "Fuck," he continued to ramble, "smell so good….wanna suck you dry, baby." I was moaning uncontrollably, unsure of where this side of him had come from, but certain that I didn't want it going anywhere. "Oh, God, Edward!" I breathed as his hands trailed up from my thighs until they reached my breasts. " My sexy girl, so fucking beautiful..." He groaned against my neck, sucking the area where he spoke. He cupped my breasts as his fingers pinched and played with my distended nipples. I reached down to try and take the shirt off again, but same as last time, he caught my wrists to stop me. "No no no, Bella, I need as many clothes on as possible." There was a pained expression on his face. I frowned, shaking my head. The lust in the air was smothering me, invading my pores. The last things we needed were clothes. "Off" I urged, futilely fighting against the shackles he'd made of his hands. "God, I wish." He whispered. I was thoroughly confused and hornier than I'd ever been in my seventeen years. "What's stopping you?" I didn't understand because Edward had seen my breasts about as many times as I had by that point, and we'd been good at handling the physical love without pushing his limits too far. He was a pro at touching me, at tasting most of me, and allowing me to reciprocate without hurting me in the slightest. He took a deep and unnecessary breath before lifting himself. I whined, clutching him as tightly as possible, though it made no difference. "Where are you going?" I asked. He sat at the edge of my bed, unspeaking. Slowly, he reached for his shirt and dressed himself. Edward was still hard; I could see the long column of him through the denim he wore. "I'm leaving…for a while, Bella." I immediately panicked. Given Edward's history of leaving me, the words immediately set off alarms before I could stop them. "But you promised" I said, the words spilling from my lips before I could stop them. My voice was barely above a whisper in its horror. His head whipped around so fast, I'd barely registered any movement. "No, no, not like that" He said, knowing what conclusions I'd jumped to without the use of his telepathy. " Never like that again. It's just… there are some things I have to take care of." "You can't take care of them here?" He shook his head, "Afraid not, love" "Then…take me with you. Maybe I can help?" To my surprise, he laughed. The hurt I felt must have reflected on my face because he rushed to my side, and held my hand, kissing it softly with his cool lips. "Sorry, I didn't mean to laugh, but the truth is… you would be all the help in the world." He said vaguely, "but you can't come, sweetheart." "Why not, is it dangerous?" "Definitely" "Will you be okay?" "More so in some ways than others" My brows furrowed in absolute confusion. I didn't like Edward keeping things from me. He never did and I didn't know why he was choosing to now. But it bothered me. It hurt. He kissed the worry lines away on my forehead. "Don't worry, Bella, I love you." "Then tell me where you're going." He sighed, "Nowhere, I just can't see you for a while, that's all." " That's all ?" My voice nearly cracked. He said it like it was the simplest thing in the world, like being apart from me for any period of time wasn't as crushing a thought to him as it was to me. He pulled me onto his lap, straddle position. He was still so hard, like a titanium rod. I gasped against my will when it prodded me between the legs. He ignored it, and crushed my body to his. His large palms ran down my waist to firmly seize my bottom, pushing me even closer to him. "There are no words to describe how much I will miss you, Bella, but for your own good and mine, you cannot come with me. You matter too much. Please, just trust me." What could I say when he phrased it like that, turning this into a matter of trust? It wasn't like I could physically restrain him or force an explanation out of him…. Or could I? I may not have superhuman strength on my side… but I did have other tricks up my sleeve to use to my advantage. "How long will you be gone?" "Hopefully no more than a week or so" I sighed, feigning reluctant acceptance, and kissed his lips. "Just tell me… please" I said in between another deep kiss, teasing his mouth to open and accept me. He shook his head, though minutely in order to maintain contact with my lips. I stood up from him, headed for the door as if about to leave, but once I was far enough, I ripped the camisole over my head and turned to face him. His eyes immediately plunged from mine to my bare chest. His fists clenched tightly around my thin sheets. I stood there with my hands clasped behind my back, pushing my chest out and allowing him to take me in. His smoldering scrutiny caused a fierce blush to erupt across my face, but I resisted the urge to cover myself. "Come here." was his growled command. Any other day and I would have sprung into his arms without hesitation. I shook my head, and he fixed me with a near murderous glare. "Bella" his voice was gritty, and I tried in vain to ignore how the pit of my stomach plummeted for him. He stood to his feet, facing me now. I had to bide my time well because we both knew, in the end, that nothing could nor would keep Edward away from these tits when he wanted them. He'd said so himself, once. "You have no idea how much trouble you're getting yourself in. You're playing with fire, little girl." He said roughly. I smirked, unable to help myself. "Wouldn't you be a little more like ice, Edward?" He shook his head, "Not with how hot I make you … how wet." I bit my lower lip, clenching my thighs in an attempt to generate some friction. He took a predatory step forward, I took one step back. "Tell me what I want to know" "I can't." he said resolutely. I scoffed, "Well in that case, maybe I'm not in the mood." "I can get you in the mood." He said darkly. Oh, I had no doubts. "But I don't want you to." I said. And I meant it. I was furious. Edward and I had always had an open and honest relationship; his behavior was inexcusable and made me feel as if he didn't trust me . After everything… after all this time, why would he feel like there was anything he couldn't tell me? Hadn't I fully proved that I was capable of handling all the craziness he'd thrown into my life? I stomped over to my dresser and pulled out a flannel button up, mostly for dramatic effect. Edward sighed at my actions. "Thank you; it's for the best you get dressed." He said, truly sounding grateful. I ignored him as I put on a matching pair of flannel bottoms. "I want you to leave Edward." I said, hardly believing I'd spoken the words. A look of significant hurt crossed his features. I'd never ever asked him to leave before. "Bella-" "No" I said, cutting him off, "I want you to go until you manage to find it in yourself to trust me with whatever it is you're hiding." "I do trust you, more than I do anyone else" I shook my head, feeling the tears start to build. "Then tell me! You're leaving me… again and it may not be the same as last time, but you can't even tell me where? Or at least why?" There was silence… "I…can't." he said finally. The tears leaked free but I wiped them away before climbing into bed, deliberately facing away from him. I stared at the wall. "Don't do this Bella, not before I go." I said nothing, wishing I could take him back into my arms, but also wanting to see how far he'd go in order to keep something from me. I knew Edward couldn't stand denying me anything. Would he really leave me for a week without an explanation? With me upset at him? I got my answer. He kissed my cheek and right when I was going to call him back into my arms, he left. I pulled into the driveway with a screech. It was a little bit after noon and I'd ditched school to be here, having formulated my plan as I tossed and turned alone in bed last night. It was a pretty simple plan, not as diabolical as I'd have liked it to