A/N: Hey guys! Okay so this is a long time coming, around four or five years, because I'm terrible and a procrastinator. I promised Parzival12 that I would write a story about Ethan and his mom, and now I finally did it! Sorry it took so long, I hope you like the story. The inspiration behind my even writing this story is because of the story "The Whole World Blind" by the lovely HecateA! I love how she explored the relationship between Ethan and Nemesis and it made me want to explore it too. You guys should check it out, not only is it better than my story, but it will give you so many feels. And a special thank you to my best friend Miranda for helping me edit this monster of a story that was twelve pages long! Ps. This is set in an alternate universe. Thank you for reading! Disclaimer: I own nothing! Except the idea I guess. 'You will bring sunshine into someone's life.' Was it just Ethan or were fortunes getting worse and worse? He sighed as he crumpled the thin piece of paper and threw it into the recycling bin. When he had asked Luke to pick him up some food, he had hoped against logic that Luke would actually pick him up some food . Ethan wasn't going to live off of take out for much longer—finances be damned. He bit his lip. Should he ask his mom for help? He and Luke had been in a financial slump for awhile, ever since Luke was laid off. Then again Luke wouldn't be happy if Ethan went to his mother and asked for her help. Honestly he didn't even want to ask. But the two boys could only have so much ramen, McDonald's, and chinese take-out. It wasn't even the good kind of take-out—it was from a little shop down the street that was going under. Maybe Ethan could subtly convince Luke to talk to his dad. Mr. Castellan was an overall kind man. He would understand the tough times they were having, whereas Ethan's mother would rant about how she was right and that the boys really couldn't support themselves. He hated to admit defeat, especially to his mother. Besides Luke would find another job, it was Luke. Ethan's job could probably support them for another few months. It was at least enough for their rent and the water bill. Unfortunately it wasn't enough for their electric bill, so they've been paying it with their emergency funds. It was running low and after it was gone Ethan wasn't sure what they would do (Ethan's still holding out on the chance that Luke will get another job before it gets to that point.) At the rate it was going, it seemed like they would have to choose between the electric bill and food, at least until they can no longer afford either—winter was approaching fast and Ethan was not confident with the amount of candles and blankets he had saved. To Ethan, the options were trip in the dark and freeze to death, maybe even burn the apartment down, or starve. (Ethan silently decided that he needed to lose some weight anyways.) While Ethan thought of what horrible outcome awaited them in their near future, Luke remained ever the optimist. Yes, they had to cut back on food a little, but losing a few pounds never hurt anyone. And yes, he still had to find another job, but Silena had put in a good word in for him at Starbucks. Ethan was just being overdramatic, they were fine. There was no need to ask anyone for help or, gods forbid, move back in with their parents. "Luke?" Ethan called from the couch. Luke froze in the doorway, he had thought Ethan was still at work. Oh no. Did he get laid off too? Godsdamnit. What were they going to do now? Luke just got an interview with Starbucks. It wasn't even a guarantee, no matter what Silena had reassured him. How was he supposed to pay for the apartment, or the water bill, or the electric bill, or food the two of them, with a job at Starbucks?! No, no, no, no- "Luke, is that you?" Ethan called again. Luke cursed their luck as he wandered into the living room. "Hey Ethan." Luke froze once again as he took in the sight before him. Ethan was wrapped up in a mountain of blankets, looking like he just came back from the dead. The younger boy sneezed and grabbed another tissue. "They sent me home, can you believe that?" Yes, Luke could believe that. But he decided against telling Ethan that. "Wow, that's- that's weird. Do you at least get sick pay or something?" "Yeah." Thank all the gods above, hallelujah. "That's good. I'm sorry you don't feel good, man, do you want me to get you something? Like maybe that tea your mom got you for your birthday?" Ethan coughed, the cough racking his whole body. "I already finished it all. But thanks." Luke bit his lip and shuffled his feet as he thought about what to do. They couldn't afford to go to the doctor or get medicine, or even more tea. Maybe it was just a cold and it would go away in a few days- Ethan then proceeded to almost cough up a lung. Godsdamnit. This was fantastic, just fantastic. Maybe day one would be the worst day. Ethan woke up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat. He shivered slightly from the nightmare he just experienced. It started out how his nightmares usually started. Normal. Or at least it felt normal. Ethan and Luke were talking about camp. More specifically they were talking about leaving . Ethan didn't feel good about it. He had agreed with everything else Luke had said before. The gods did need to care more about their kids, and the minor gods did deserve some more recognition, at least starting with their own cabins. The thought of actually leaving the camp, let alone to join the titans, made Ethan's stomach hurt. Why did they have to join the titans? Who said they could even trust them? Luke insisted that it was the only way that the gods would see what they had done, what they made them do. Ethan still wasn't sure, but Luke started to go on about how he couldn't do it without him. Ethan sighed as he finally agreed to go with his friend. His mother was in the next scene. They were making a deal. Ethan wanted to believe what she was saying so badly . The next thing he knew he was alone with only one eye. The scene switched to a dark tunnel, that time Ethan was alone. He walked through the tunnel, somehow sure of where he was going. Then he saw Percy, Annabeth and Rachel. The scene changed again and Percy and Ethan were in an arena. Annabeth and Rachel were out of the arena in chains, they looked worried. Ethan had a feeling they weren't worried about him. Percy drew a sword and Ethan raised his own. A part of Ethan wondered why he was fighting Percy, the part that knew something was off. The other part of him didn't want to fight, but for some reason didn't think there was any other choice. Ethan looked up, Luke was watching them. He could feel something very wrong with this, with this whole scene. The next thing Ethan knew, there was chaos all around them. Percy, Annabeth, Rachel and Ethan were running through the tunnel again. No, it was the labyrinth. They stopped after a while and Percy tried to convince Ethan to go back to camp. Everything faded away right after Ethan said he'll never go back. The next scene was of both armies at a bridge. Ethan's stomach was in knots. He looked towards Luke, he looked back but it wasn't Luke. It was but it wasn't . Ethan felt like he was going to be sick. The next moments blurred together; Ethan trying to stab Percy, Annabeth blocking him, Percy knocking Ethan out. After that, Ethan was suddenly in the Olympus throne room. Luke, wait no, it still wasn't Luke. The Not Luke was about to kill Percy. Ethan tried to stop him, he stabbed him in the back. At least, he tried to, his sword shattered and he was hurt instead. Not Luke threw him out of way. Percy was saying something he couldn't really hear. Ethan said something, but he can't remember what. Right after the words left his mouth, Not Luke opened up the floor and Ethan fell to his death. Ethan slowly climbed out of bed and stumbled into the kitchen for a glass of water. Ethan shakily poured himself a glass. He took a sip and the glass promptly fell from his shaking clammy hands. Nausea and fatigue hit Ethan all at once and he tightly gripped the kitchen counter. His vision blurred and Ethan fell to his knees. He tried to calm down before he passed out but he couldn't seem to get air in his lungs. Not a minute later Ethan blacked out. Luke ran out of his room and almost fell as he made his way to the kitchen. He was up binge watching 'Cowboy Bebop' when he heard the sound of glass breaking. At first he ignored it, writing it off as Ethan being clumsy. Then he heard Ethan shout his name. When he made it to the kitchen, he found his friend passed out on the floor. Luke immediately rushed over and checked his pulse. He was alive, thank gods, but unfortunately, he was running a fever. Luke carefully picked the younger boy up, grabbed his car keys and rushed Ethan to the hospital. Mrs. Nakamura was not expecting to receive a call at three in the morning. She was not expecting it to be from a hospital. And she sure as Hades didn't expect to be told that her son was the reason they were calling. Nemesis grabbed her keys and ran out of her apartment. Nemesis was worried. Something very bad must have happened if Ethan was in the hospital. He almost never had to go to the hospital. Ethan had always been careful. He was smart and never let others talk him into anything dangerous. Hades, the only time he had ever really been hurt was when his eye- Nemesis started to run to room 305. When Nemesis finally reached the room, she was slightly surprised to see Luke Castellan leaning against the wall. She took a deep breath, she had more important things to do than kill the 24 year old. Nemesis gritted her teeth slightly as she demanded what happened to Ethan. "What happened to my son?" Her voice was cold and held a slight tone of accusation. Luke glared, "Do you think I did something to him?" Nemesis raised an eyebrow and crossed her arms. She didn't deny it. "He's my best friend! I'd never, you hear me, never hurt him!" Luke snapped. Nemesis narrowed her eyes, but let it go. This was a whole other fight. (It probably wouldn't be the last time they argued about Ethan and Luke's friendship.) "What happened to Ethan?" Nemesis repeated. "All I know is that I heard glass break and a yell. Then I ran to the kitchen and found him passed out on the floor." Nemesis closed her eyes then asked, "Was he hurt?" "Not that I could tell. He was running a fever but…." "I see." Nemesis opened the door. They locked eyes for a second. The older woman didn't ask why he was waiting outside the door. She brushed past him and closed the door behind her. Good riddance. Nemesis never really cried. She didn't cry when her father passed. She didn't cry when Ethan's dad