To new readers, sorry! This is for my own SYOT series and you'd only get it if you've read the series. But read it if you really want to :) Jynx Blackthorne, District 2 Victor The light forced my aching consciousness to stir. I immediately shot up, lifting my arm to my eyes to reduce the pain as the room around me came to light: double bed, extremely messy due to the mischief that occurred with Caecilius last night, smooth carpets and silk curtains that had been pried away from each other. Revealed in the light was Caecilius, whose Adonis-like body could be glimpsed despite the dressing gown he had wrapped around himself. He gave me that perfect yet slightly manipulative smile. "Did you have a nice sleep?" "I found being awake a lot more fun," I teased, wrapping the satin sheets around my body more closely. "That's good, because it's time for you to be awake," Caecilius said, opening a notepad. I rolled my eyes. "You still want to interview me?" I sighed. I didn't like the last one. It brought back too many painful memories, and considering I had a lot of shit to think about currently... Fuck it, I just wanted a drink and a lot more sex. It's easier to do the harmful stuff than the good stuff. Sure, you dig yourself a deeper hole, but it can be nice to burrow yourself so deep you forget that the earth even exists. "I-" "I've been away from my tributes for a whole day," I made excuses, hiding myself underneath the covers as I desperately searched for my underwear. I hurriedly found them, sliding into them and forcing myself out of bed, dressing as quickly and messily as I can. I could bear the walk of shame of entering the Gamemakers' quarters with messy clothes, hair and make-up. I just wanted to get out of this choking atmosphere which made it hard to breathe or even think clearly. I made my way to the door, but when I twisted the handle the door was locked. It was almost as if Caecilius had anticipated this. "We have an interview to finish, Jynx." "I can break this door down. And you can pay the bill." "So the one million credits weren't worth it? I went to great lengths to convince the President to give you over a day off work, and you're just going to waste such an opportunity for gold?" "Screw your million credits," I snapped angrily, pushing the door and almost snapping it off its strong, metal hinges. "Two and a half million credits isn't even worth it?" He removing a handful of notes out of his pocket. He pressed them to his full lips almost tantalisingly, letting me know that he had the money to manipulate me. I knew that wasn't the whole set, it was probably a couple of thousand credits at most, but he had the money around. He was willing to go to any lengths to get my story and get more publicity, and I shouldn't have been tempted. But two and a half million credits was definitely a lot; enough to make me forget my feelings and morals... Without speaking, I rushed to the armchair opposite Caecilius. His bright eyes widened as if he expected me to charge into him and kill him brutally, which was also a tempting prospect. I forced myself into the plush armchair and glared at him, my way of telling him he won. I followed it up by reaching for the nearest decanter, but Caecilius grabbed it before me. He held it out of my grip and poured a glass - for himself, of course. "Can't you at least let me have a drink?" I hissed. I didn't have a problem, or at least I didn't think I did. I could go for days without a drink, I didn't need it, but whenever the option did prevent itself who was I to refuse? Being drunk was fun, and my days were numbered anyway. "I want you sober for this interview. Whilst drunk in the last interview you blurred over a lot of details regarding the later Games." He noticed my frown. "Come on. It'll only be one last hour about your most famous Games... About the most famous Games. The Victor Games," Caecilius gave me a satisfying smirk. He wasn't just doing this for fame and publicity. A part of him got a kick from making me uncomfortable. He wasn't evil enough to outright torture me, and there was a part of him that was genuine, but every conversation with him felt like a mind game or mental battle, and the worst part was I didn't know if I was losing or winning. "Fine," I paused. "But we go straight to the Games-" "But we need a re-cap," Caecilius said, checking over some notes. "It would be twenty-five years until your next Games." "And nothing happened." "Really? But your mother died..." I winced. "How did that happen? Did she forgive you considering you basically poisoned your sister?" "Breast cancer," I said bitterly, the words feeling so poisonous on my tongue. I just... "She didn't speak to me for a good few years. But I was her daughter. I'll never be a mother, I'll never understand a mother's love, but I know she cared for me... Right to the end," I sighed. "And cancer is just a bitch, isn't it? When it claimed my mother, it was like re-living my father's death all over again. Watching her slowly turn to dust until the memories slipped between my fingers and disappeared with the wind." I sighed. "Sad," Caecilius got the information he wanted, he got the sob story. "And she died how long before the Victor Games?" "Five years before." "And how did the following five years go?" "I coped, I kind of stopped my party girl lifestyle. Stayed at home watching old Games footage over and over again," I smiled. "It was good to live my glory daus, or watch my father in his glory days. I didn't want to be in another Hunger Games, though." "So when the twist for the two-hundredth Games came along what did you think?" I didn't think anything, I knew what was happening. A secret rebellion was stirring from within the Capitol, lead by the Head Gamemaker wh had convinced many rebels to help him tear down the Capitol. But the President was one step ahead, Harrius died in a 'tragic car accident', leaving his best friend Tobias to lead the next Games with his widow, Ruth, in the Deputy Head position. Coincidentally the Games following involved every Victor coming in and only one Victor going out. I knew these Games were rigged and solely political. I couldn't actually say that out loud, though. "I was... shocked," I lied. "Very shocked." Cecilius looked unsatisfied with my answer, but pressed on: "It wasn't a regular Reaping, was it? Every Victor had to pack their bags two weeks before the Games started, get dressed all fancy and leave their District on a red carpet. How did that feel?" "I was in the most Career filled District," I laughed. "And I got the most attention because I'd won two Games before, which was satisfying. But I knew barely anyone would accept me because I was a threat. I embraced that. Every alliance I'd ever been in collapsed and almost dragged me down with it, so I stood strong and alone and strode down that red carpet. I acted glamorous and confident, and I should have. But I was approaching my fifties and I knew I had to be scared. I was still extremely skilled and strong but I knew I now had to rely on my wits that bit more." "So, we never found out, but chariot rides carried on as normal with the Hunger Games double centennial parade," I remembered the parade; a celebration of the mass blood that had occurred in the previous two centuries. As every tribute went out, amazingly well dressed for the event, they shot out fireworks that animated the most famous Hunger Games scenes over the past two centuries. Thousands of Capitolian children dressed up as previous dead tributes and followed us. There were so many themed floats that were on the parade; I was surrounded by dancers, singers, musicians and artists who praised the bloodshed and sang for the mass bloodshed that would inevitably follow. "And we didn't see you until two weeks after this event... Games preparations usually take a week, what happened?" "This wasn't like any other Games," I paused. "We weren't strangers who could happily kill each other and forget it, we all knew each other. I'd known Cadia Hathaway and her kids Melanthe and Breviary..." I paused. All of them were dead now. "I'd been mentored by Melisen Hargress and successfully led Jett Long and Riya Anas to Victory. And now they were my enemies? The Capitol knew the entertainment value of it all. So they made us interact with each other every single night, sometimes over drinks, sometimes as we sat down and reminisced over the past Games. While the Capitol anticipated we relaxed... It was odd," I chuckled. "But funny." "Right..." Cecilius sounded disturbed. "And then you trained for a week, which gave all of the non-Careers plenty of time to catch up I suppose. You killed it." "Not exactly," I frowned. "My score of eleven confirmed my suspicions... I wasn't as strong as I used to be. And, to top it all off, I kind of thought my interview was a blunder. I was just glad I didn't pick tricky alliances and chose to go through this whole ordeal alone," I remembered the night before my third and (hopefully) last Games. I just sat there, staring into the nothingness and thinking for the first time that these Games would finally end me and the Blackthorne legacy. I felt so isolated... so uncertain. If it was a regular Games, victorless, I'd think I had this in the bag. But... That wasn't the case. "I remembered feeling sick on the first day. Again, they did things unconventionally. Instead of being taken to our transport pods we woke up locked away with our costume and our stylist, given those last tips before we entered the arena," because there were a load of rebellious Victors; if they chose to fight, they may have won, but the Capitol was so paranoid it ensured that it was a step ahead anyone who disobeyed. I knew there were rebellious victors - I could have even named them, but I didn't want to snitch despite thinking their plan was stupid and doomed to fail. And I was right. And I resented that I was right. "And the arena..." "When I was lifted up into it my first thought was ' hm, this is a bit familiar,' " I laughed. "They recreate arenas a lot - for example your typical forest arena comes about at least once every three or four years, but this was an exact replica of the very first. The Cornucopia was barely poking out of the swamp and when I looked behind me I only saw dense jungle. It was the exact same arena that we saw in the Quarter Quell, only there were no supplies surrounding us. Looked like the first thing to do was just run away. As soon as the gong rang, I ran. There was nothing to fight for - there weren't even weapons to kill people with! I still heard people rush into each other, though. Screams rang through the night as I pushed away thick branches, the wet swamp's contents still hovering around my ankles. I knew that the last arena had piranhas and a whole assortment of baddies and that this wasn't going to end well unless I got on higher ground, because the first Games, which I studied