A prompt dedicated to my dear Lauren who asked for what would happen if they all decided to dip into space cakes. Review at will. I own nothing! We were preparing for a special night! Reyna, Hazel, and Frank were arriving today! We decided it was time for a little family get together in the cabin. Everyone and their respective partners were coming and Chiron gave us all permission to sleep in my cabin. Since I had three extra bedrooms and a fold out couch I should have plenty of room for everyone. I was putting extra blankets and sheets in all the guest rooms and getting food together. Will was helping of course but I was just so happy everyone was coming I couldn't pay attention to anything he was doing I was just trying to make everything perfect. Over night a second bathroom popped up in the cabin coming off the hallway so it looks like my dad knew how important this was to me. Everyone can say what they want about heir relationships with their godly parent but mine was getting better. Hazels voice called from the living room and I jumped for joy! I will never admit to that to anyone I have a reputation to protect but I couldn't wait to see my sister! Jumping all over me once I entered the living room between her and Reyna I had a million face kisses and a possible dislocated spine. Frank hung back by the door waiting for directions for where to put everyone's luggage. "You and Hazel are in the first room on the right. I got Piper and Jason in the back room and Reyna your in the other one next to it." "What about Percy and Annabeth?" "They are not staying they will just go back to Percy's cabin. They have permission to roam the camp free at night without the harpies after them. But bad news Reyna you have to share a room with.. Leo. Or you can kick him on to the couch that's up to you." "What! I thought he would be bringing calypso?" "So funny story she dumped him. Once she realized she was free she kind of left him a dear John letter and took off. We haven't heard from her in months. He is still bummed about it so let's not bring that up shall we?" "Ok. What's that smell?" "I'm making brownies!" Will chimed in. "What kind of brownies smell like that?" "Just trust me you will like them." We all shrugged and got everyone settled in. The Party was in full swing! Will forced his god awful brownies on everyone. Seriously why was he so excited about those? He made everyone eat one! Thank gods he only made one batch and they were gone once we all had one. I barely got mine down. The things we do for the ones we love. Reyna and Annabeth were on the couch talking rapidly about battle strategy when Leo piped up out of no where. "We are playing truth or dare friends!" Half of us were all for it the rest of us were shaking our heads in protest. The latter won out and we all gathered in a circle prepared for whatever we had to endure. My head felt kind fuzzy and I was a little light headed but I guess it was the euphoria of having everyone I loved in one place. Sitting between Wills legs on the floor Leo started us out. "Anna Beth truth or dare?" "Truth!" "What really happened when you and Percy spent the night on the Argo 2 on the trap doors?" Her face flushed red. Percy on the other hand was grinning ear to ear. "We talked... I may or may not have lost my virginity in the stables under the ship..." Roars of ooohs and aahhhhs came out from everywhere. "Ok ok guys enough! Will truth or dare!" "Dare!" "I dare you to... play the rest of the game in your underwear!" All the girls were hooting. I had a very well built man. Between his tan, blonde curls, freckles, and chiseled body... I was the luckiest girl in camp... and I was a boy. Stripping off his clothes rather quickly he made a little bit of a show of it. Swirling his hips in a way that was meant only for my eyes! Peeling off his shirt in obscene slowness. Throwing his clothes at each girl on turn. Reyna threw a dollar at him. Turns out Will was wearing my favorite pair of underwear.. black skin tight boxer briefs with golden suns all over them. They were a size to small and showed the entire room a Perfect outline of how well endowed Will was.. Lets just say when I lost my virginity I couldn't sit for a few days... a week. "Ok um Jason truth or dare?" "Dare!" "I dare you to... " getting up he ran to the fridge and grabbed a can of whipped cream. "Percy pull your shirt up" Percy obeyed and Will drew a line from his navel to his neck. "Lick from here to here. All the cream must be gone" Everyone got quiet. Jason stood up bowing and showing off while Percy looked like he was about to kill Will with his eyes. Annabeth and Reyna got front row seats and could barely contain themselves at what was about to happen. Piper was getting out a camera. Will and I watched mesmerized as Jason's mouth started at Percy's belly button working his tongue all around his skin. His eyes never left Percy's. To put on even more of a show he was moaning and digging his nails into his sides as he kissed and licked up the whip cream. Reaching his nipple he bit down causing Percy's hips to buck upward. Finishing up on his neck he sucked and licked leaving a huge hickey on the side of Percy's neck. "Well seaweed brain was it as good for you as it was for me?" Percy blushed all over shifting in his seat. Anna was drooling with Reyna at what we had just witnessed while the guys were shaking their heads loving the fact that they could rub this in Percy's face for the rest of our lives. "Piper you lucky bitch! Your mans mouth is talented!" Reyna squealed. "Shut up Reyna!" Percy cried. "Hey let the woman gush aquaman I had some feelings didn't you have some feelings? I felt some feelings coming off you when I got to your neck I don't know if anyone one else saw but some definite mojo was flying between us!" "Um I felt the feelings over here and that's going on my spank bank!" Yelled Will. I elbowed him in the ribs. "I feel funny!" Leo said "Yeah like... its like.. floating? I can feel my face move.. and everything seems funnier" Piper stated. "Well that would be the brownies" said Will "Brownies? Why would it be the brownies?" I looked at him. "Cause they are space cakes babe." Everyone looked confused. "Guys! There's pot on the brownies!" Everyone roared in laughter. I was surprisingly ok with my boyfriend drugging us. We had survived so much in the last few years. Deaths of siblings and wars. Some of us went through hell and back. Most of us had lost our parents. We had to grow up very quickly and it was nice to know we could still fuck up a little and be teenagers. Do stupid shit that is bad for us but is sooo much fun. Plus this was my first time being high so I was going to enjoy it. Jason's turn. "Reyna! Truth or Dare?" "Truth!" "How many people have you slept with?" "This year or ever?" "I'm .. wow um ever?" "10? 11? 15? Somewhere around there" "What!" Everyone looked astonished. The majority of us were either still virgins or had a low count. The idea that she had slept with that many people was flooring to the rest of us. "A girl had her needs ok?! So Nico! Truth or dare?" "Truth!" "Have you and Will done the deed like the whole deed? And if so would you ever bring on a third party?" "It is true I am a man!" I shouted. Then everyone cheered for me. "Yes William here has deflowered me. And yes it hurt but it doesn't anymore. Yes he is hung like a pornstar and he is still young so he can only keep growing. Girls anal is not as bad as you think it is. And as for the third party well.. I've imagined it but I don't know that's a circumstances thing that Will and I would have to talk about I guess. Right time right place I guess?" Fuck I was high. "Good answer baby!" Will kissed me chastely. "Leo truth or dare?" "Dare!" "I dare you to kiss the prettiest girl in the room!" Leo started walking over to what I thought was piper and then planted a kiss on my sister! Franks eyes bugged out and squirrel tapped his nuts cause him to fall on me and Will. Squeezing he tried to continue the game laughing inbetween gasps "Piper truth or dare?" "Dare!" "I dare you to charmspeak jason into doing something funny!" "Jason! Show us what kind of underwear your wearing!" Her voice laced with over powering charmspeak to the point were we all almost reached for our flys. Jason pulled down his pants revealing a sky blue g-string! "What the fuck bro! Why!?" Percy exclaimed. "I like freedom and movement! I hate boxers and briefs I prefer a more European style." Will was choking behind me turning red. I wasn't far behind him it was a pretty sight I couldn't drag my eyes away if I tried. "Hazel truth or dare!" "Truth! Please pull your pants back up!" Pulling his pants back up Jason asked. " have you ever seen a naked man?" "Yes of course Nico showed me." And at that everyone turned to me. "It wasn't like I showed my sister my dick guys I showed her a picture in a playgirl!" Everyone let our breaths of relief. Gods! Perverts! "Frank truth or dare?" "Truth" "Do you love me?" The room went silent. Frank looked like he was thinking. I had his weird feeling that they hadn't said the words to eachother yet. Things were getting deep really quickly. Her eyes were starting to shine with Unshed tears the longer he stayed silent. Getting down on one knee infront of my sister he took her hands in his. "Hazel Cherie LeVesque. I was hoping to say this to you privately but I think the brownies are letting us be a little bold tonight. I have loved you since the first time you looked at me. I want to make you happy in your second chance at life. I want to be your second chance if you would just give me the first. I have a ring (reaches in pocket) it was my grandmothers and thisnia not a marriage proposal because your only 16 but this is a promise. A promise to love you and a promise to ask you to marry me when we are old enough. I love you Hazel!" Placing the gold and jade ring on my sisters finger I was streaming tears down my eyes and I could hear Will sniffle from behind. Everyone was tearing up and clapping at the precious declaration of love before us. Standing back up Frank turned to me and asked me truth or dare through a thick voice. "Dare" I said my voice cracking a bit and wiping my eyes. "Since we just had a moment and I don't want this night to end on a deep note lets get back to some scandal. Will with your permission I'm daring Nico to kiss Annabeth!" "Hey