So I'm stretching my writing muscles and trying to stay away from my usual smut. Don't know how well it worked but here it is. If it's bad just tell me. Review at will. I own nothing! Enjoy! Its to hard I couldn't do it. It was to hard! Everything was to hard. To much going on at once to many noises to many people to many eyes looking at him everywhere he went! Why didn't he just let himself fade he thought to himself. Why did have to save him! Stupid Will Solace with his stupid curly blonde hair and stupid blue eyes and stupid fucking smile. I was so diluted thinking he could possibly actually want to be my friend! I should have known I was kidding myself. How could he possibly think I could make a friend! Or even more than a friend. I'm to broken. The very thought of pushing my darkness on him filled my mouth with a sour taste. I should know better than to try to get to know people or to let them know me. The disgust on his face when he examined me. Tracing the scars on my body like I was 3D map of horror. People don't get it! I was alone I was homeless I did what I had to to survive! I'm tired of surviving. It's to much. The only good thing I've ever done is give my sister a second chance at life. Everything else went to shit after the war. Hazel never contacts me. To busy with Frank. Percy is avoiding me ever since I let it slip I had a crush on him. Jason is stuck up Pipers ass not that he cares to much about me anyway. All these people are to good. To wonderful. To together to be able to allow me into their worlds. I can barely get out of bed most days. Mostly I train at night just to work off the extra energy. I've spent a large portion draining myself trying to summon my mother. A mother..my mother. They say the phrase "a face only a mother could love" well I guess my mother couldn't love me. It's not even like Bianca where I could tell she was avoiding me I can't seem to find her at all! I can't remember the last time I had any real human contact. The last hug was from Hazel and I'm sure it was out of pity or manners. The silence in my cabin was deafening and the noise on my head was to loud. I just want to feel something other than this.. this hopelessness. It's a glimmer of what tartarus was like. Everyone thinks of that place like it's fire and brimstone version of hell but what they don't get is that it's so much worse. Especially when your a child of hades and you don't get the watered down version but the straight directors cut. It's memories and thoughts turned against you. It's Hope drowned and beaten to a bloody pulp. It's what emptiness wants to be when it grows up. It's the absence of absolution. I'm so tired. I feel like I'm walking through Jello. Everything is to bright it burns. Prickles on my skin and constant discomfort. Why can't it just be straight pain! I can deal with pain I know pain! This is so much harder than pain. It's being raised on chaos only to have it removed and your floundering for some sort of madness to keep you sane. I'm not sane. I know that. They say that crazy people don't know they are crazy. That's not exactly true. Sometimes we know what we are doing is wrong we just can't do anything about it. Almost like an out of body experience of seeing yourself do something stupid and your screaming at yourself to stop it and you can't hear it. So your paralyzed just watching yourself make a huge mistake that you probably can't take back. That's how I feel right now. The numbness has spread and I'm on the bathroom floor about to do something really stupid. I can hear voices outside but I ignore them. They even sound familiar. Happy. Something I can never be no matter how hard I try. I can feel the hot tears falling down my cheeks wishing someone could help me. Anyone. I can't help myself. It's to hard. The words are permanently stuck in my throat unable to escape. Help. Stop me. Love me. Care about me. No one can hear. Things go dark for a while. I'm not sure how long I've been here. I'm still crying though. I'm crying and there is blood all over the place. It takes me a moment to realize it's mine. I still can't feel anything. What did I do! The white tile on the bathroom is smeared with red. It's on the floor and all over my skin. I can't even see my own skin color it's so spread out. It's on the sink and the mirror. My bathtub is painted with my pain. With my darkness. I try to scream. I can't. It comes out as a whimper. Help Stop me See me Help me I don't want to die I don't want to live I'm tired I'm sleepy I'm scared Stop me Help Please ! The edges of my vision are blurry and black spots dance around them. I can hear voices again by they are muffled. All I can smell is rust and metal. I hear more voices this time only these are clear. The clearest I've ever heard. All coming from inside me. Surrounding me in this moment. Let go Cut deeper Give in Close your eyes Give up No one loves you No one likes you Your a burden End it End the pain End the numb I try to stand. I slip and stumble I'm not even sure I made a noise or not. I'm sitting on the toilet now with the seat down. To much blood. To much red. I peel my tshirt off and wrap my arm in it. I don't have anything to wrap the other one. So many openings. What did I do.. why did I do this..I'm so alone. No one will find me. I went to far. I can feel myself slipping in and out of consciousness. The scene flickers in front of me. I'm on the toilet. I'm infront of Will. I'm on the toilet. I'm in the woods. I'm on the toilet. I can hear steps. Footsteps outside the door. The door busts open. "He's in here!" A blur of gold rushes toward me. I can feel hands. Warm hands. I'm so cold. So cold. I'm shaking. Hot tears fresh fall again. Sobs escape as I feel the warm hands. Kind words fill me ears. I must be dying. Dying feels good. The kind words and warm tone wash over me. So this is dying. Why didn't I do this sooner. "I've got you it's going to be ok" "What happened to him!" "Shut up and get me stretcher!" Warm hands.. warm breath. "You're going to be fine Nico I found you" He found me. A golden angel found me. I'll finally see my mom again. Blackness My eyes won't open. I feel heavy. To heavy. I can't move. I can hear though. What's going on? Where am I? I'm floating. I died. I had to of. But why can't I move? I hear them. (Initials will be used so you know who's talking) JG: When will he wake up? WS: Soon I think. Next few hours I think. PJ: What happened? WS: What do you think happened Percy. PJ: No he had to have been attacked or something WS: He wasn't attacked guys. I found the knife. It was right next to him. JG: but why? WS: We are going to have to wait and find out. I can only guess right now. Don't worry guys I got to him in time. He will pull through this time. PJ: This time?! You don't think there is going to be a next time do you!? WS: Dude I'm more than certain this wasn't even the first time. JG: I don't understand he could have came to any of us WS: That's not how his works Grace. Sometimes things like this are unavoidable. Especially with a past like his. Nico has been alone for a long time. Honestly I'm not completely certain this was an attempt it might have just been an episode that went to far. We won't know until he tells us. Worst part is he might not tell us. PJ: Why wouldn't he tell us?! WS: For the same reason this happened in the first place. He's alone. JG: HES NOT ALONE! WS: Look at him! Look at him closely Jason! Nico feels alone! This isn't going to go away overnight either! It's going to take time. Time I'm willing to put in whether you two decide you want to or not! I'm not letting this go! I don't care if it takes me years I'm going to do everything in my power to keep this from happening again! PJ: We are his friends Will! We care about him just like you! WS: I know you care about him I know he's your friend guys but this isn't about you and it's not even about how good of friends you are this is deeper than that! Now if you will excuse me my patient needs rest. I'll call for you guys later but right now I need you to leave. JG: You can't make us leave Will this isn't the infirmary this is Nicos cabin! We can stay if we want! WS: AND I AM HIS DOCTOR AND IM TELLING YOU TO LEAVE UNTIL I CALL YOU! PJ: promise me you will get us when he's ready! WS: I promise. The only reason he's here instead of in the infirmary is because it was to dangerous to move him to far. That and I don't think he wants everyone knowing about this. It will only upset him more. I have permission to watch him and stay with him. Kayla and Austin are bringing me supplies and keeping Chiron informed. You wanna help? Go get one of the cleaning harpies to get me some bleach and a bucket with a sponge. I need to clean that bathroom up. I heard them leave. If I had enough blood still I'm sure I was blushing from embarrassment. They knew. Damnit. I could feel Wills hand in mine. Tracing patterns into my palm. He was talking to me. We were alone. WS: You really scared the shit out of me. Thank gods I found you in time. I know you can hear me. I tried to open my eyes. I was propped up in my bed with an IV hanging out of me and monitors beeping. It was blurry at first but his face finally came into focus. Will was covered in blood. My blood. Pain etched on his face staring at me. Looking down I see that I have a blanket on my legs but I'm naked underneath. "Why am I naked?" "I had to check you to see if you had wounds elsewear. I like the tattoo on your ass it's cute" Shit I didn't even think of that. "Yeah well it was an impulsive decision" "Yeah you seem to be making a lot of those as of late" "What happened?" "You don't remember?" "Pieces" "Well I was in the infirmary. Then you appeared in the dark corner covered in blood and then you disappeared again. I thought I imagined it but Kayla saw it too and I realized you were shadow traveling without realizing it. I went straight to your cabin. I found you on the floor in a sort of dissociative state cut