I promise that this story will have plot! But it started out as a one shot in my one shot series of Soangelo and I fell in love with the story and wanted to create a story around it. Yes this weekly series will have smut in it but fluff and plot as well. If you don't like them don't read. Please follow since I will be updating this story weekly. Review at will. I own nothing this is all Uncle Ricks characters I just made up the story. Xoxo fandom lovers! Wills POV Just another day at the Solace Di Angelo house. Will was putting on his tie in the mirror when he smelled the fragrant odor of bacon wafting from downstairs. Footsteps in the hall let him know that one of the three kids was running behind this morning. Putting on his cuff links and smoothing his hair he made his way downstairs. Nico was standing by the stove making plates and selfishly stealing bacon as he portioned eggs and biscuits on 5 plates. 2 hour delay this morning so that means hot breakfast for everyone. Will was going into his office late since his first appointment wasn't until 10:30. Nico had his hair up in a messy bun on top of his head. Will loved that he decided to keep it long this year. Thick black frames sat on the end of his nose slightly askew setting off the long loose black tank top that danced around his black yoga pants. Nico will never change up his color pallet no matter how much Will tried to convince him. The best he's done was when he wore a blood red shirt with his black suit at their wedding 20 years ago. Will was getting wrinkles around his eyes and grey streaks in his blond hair yet Nico was fucking timeless. Just as beautiful as the moment they met. Maybe that casino got into his veins. Over a hundred years old now and doesn't look a day over 22. Will still gets enraged when he gets carded but the guy will just look at Will like "Yeah your old as fuck dude your cool." Bianca and Naomi the twins were chatting passing out everyone's plates. Paul the oldest was trying to stay awake at the end of the table. Looks like he stayed up late with his guitar again. His 16th birthday was right around the corner and his 13 year old sisters were begging to be part of whatever he decided to do but he wasn't budging. Will suspected that he was in the stage where having your little sisters along for the ride was bad for his rep. The twins were starting to get boy crazy and Will was hating every minute of it. While Bianca was eating Nico was braiding her hair for the day. Nico was always better at the Mom stuff than me. He would teach them how to do their make up and hair and talk boys with them. Also he had been teaching the kids to fight since they could walk. I was Dad and Nico was Papa but if we had to be honest he was Mama. Bianca and Naomi were his biologically and Paul was mine. We used the same donor for both so the kids would be biologically related. We made an incredible family. The twins were spitting images of Nico and Paul had my eyes and but his bio mothers dark hair which only made him feel more like he was mine and Nicos together. Poor Nico though because all of them were going to be taller than him. My small darling in a family of giants. I had been planning something all week for Nicos birthday. Between all the hours I've put into my practice and Nico running around with the kids doing homework and elective after school activities we haven't had much time to be "Us" this year. 20 years and I still love him as much today as I did all those years ago at camp. Nicos POV The girls are all ready for school and Paul looks like he's about to drown himself in his juice. Will thinks he is so slick planning shit for my birthday like I don't know. His mother called me a week ago asking what time school let out so she could take the kids with her for the whole weekend including delivering them to school on Monday. Wills mother moved to Long Island once Paul was born. I won't lie I was worried about that move. Naomi and her big Texas hair were only tolerable for about an afternoon for me and Will knew it. I also worried that she would be more favorable towards Paul since she was genetically her grandson but I was pleasantly surprised how much she attached to the girls. Bianca was her favorite though she will never admit it. Always playing country songs on the porch with her til my ears bled. The kids loved their "Mimi" gods I hated that name but she insisted on it saying that grandma sounded to old. I threw up on my mouth a little every time I hear the kids call her that. I love the girls so much and as a parent you shouldn't play favorites but Paul was my boy. My first born. I would let that boy get away with murder and his father knew it. Will was out the door soon after breakfast giving me a chaste kiss on the way out. 20 years and the man cannot leave a room without giving me atleast one kiss. The skeletal butterflies still work in my stomach at the site of my husband. Will thinks he looks older than he does but what he doesn't get is that I still think he's the sexiest man I've ever met. Age has done him well and given him a mature stride that leaves me swooning like a fan girl over a really hot band member. Except for when he actually sings then I want to punch him in the throat. Son of Apollo god of music and his mother a famous country singer... can't sing one note on key. That aside those aren't the notes I like hearing him hit. I have other noises for him in mind for my birthday. Loading all the kids in the minivan and yes I Nico Di Angelo lord of darkness and ghost king drive a black minivan and have those stupid fucking stick families on the back but they were zombies that was my condition. Giving the kids a kiss goodbye as they filed out of the van for school I went home to change clothes. My father has me do favors for him while the kids are at school and today he had said he wanted to talk to me about something. Clad in my black jeans doc Martin boots and my new Prada button down shirt in charcoal grey I headed to the kitchen to get a cup of coffee or as I like to call it my first love before a trip down to the underworld only to find my father sitting at the breakfast bar with a cup waiting for me. "That's a nice shirt when did you get that?" "Piper got it for me for Christmas." "It looks good I may have your step mother get one for me on her next trip with her mother." "Your going to wait til June for a shirt?" "I've waited longer for less" "Why did you come here I was on my way to you?" "Thought I would give you the weekend off. That husband of yours messaged me that he needed you alone this weekend I'm assuming for your birthday." "Oh did he now?" P"He did indeed" "Well Mr. Sunshine just thinks he has everything all planned out doesn't he." "It would seem so. I also have a gift for you. Plus some stuff for the kids" "I swear father you spoil those three rotten." "Well what can I say between your kids and Hazels I finally have a big family to enjoy." Holding out a box he slid it over to me. It was a brand new skull ring for my middle finger. "Heard that Naomi dropped yours down the sink thought I would give you something new to turn" "Thank you father it's wonderful " Examining it my father spared no expense. Platinum and ornate with blood stones for eyes. I loved it so much I wanted to jump up and down but I refused to give him the satisfaction. I've had an on and off strained relationship with my father but at the end of the day I loved him. The only constant figure in my life that has been more of a parent to me than Apollo ever was to Will. Or any of the gods for that matter. My father broke the rules for me on a constant basis staying in my life. Reaching down he opened a roll of fabric revealing a set of several Stygian throwing knives all beautiful and of different sizes. "I have three of these one for each of the kids. I bathed them myself in the Styx." "Oh dear Will is going to shit himself" "I'm going to what myself?!" Will walked through the door much to early. "What are you doing home?" "After my first two appointments Kayla came in saying she was free and would take my patients for today since it's your birthday." "Oh good look what pops got me" I held out my hand for him to inspect the ring. "Wow dad that's nice I guess Paul told you about Neeks losing his old one?" "No Naomi herself Iris messaged me about it in tears " My heart just broke a little. My poor baby girl sad over losing my ring. "Well my business is done here. William always good to see you." "Bye Dad see you for dinner in a few weeks" "Only if it's pasta. Nico my son I love you and happy birthday " Hugging me I squeezed my dad tightly to let him know I really loved the gifts and the blessings he gives this family. Last week he talked about getting Paul a car on his 16th and Will and I had a huge fight over it. Will would give in though. Mainly because it would be nice to have an extra errand runner. My father dissipated into the shadows with me leaning over the counter smelling the cup of coffee he had brought me. Mmmm Starbucks. "Look at this he got them knives what a thoughtful grandfather." Will droned sarcastically. "Calm yourself I will be teaching them how to use them correctly. Plus it's actually really thoughtful. Luckily he gave Paul his blessing when he was born so he can use them too." "Yeah I think he likes Paul best" "Him and Ruby " hazels youngest daughter. "So your off work.. and I'm off work" "Yeah and those fucking leeches are out of the house" "Oh yes the parasites that steal all our money they will be gone all weekend" "Oh really where are the little brats going?" I lie giving Will the illusion he had gotten away with something. "Oh I've shipped them to grandmas for the weekend." "You know we could just kill them you know and just be alone all the time" "Yes we could but then how would we explain it to the neighbors" "Suicide pact obviously. Plus it could just be you and me and naked sundays again" "Tempting but I kind of like them" "Yeah I guess your right I think we shall keep them" "For now" "For now" Coming up behind me will grabbed my waist. He was putting a delicious pressure on my backside leaning over me. "Have I told you how beautiful you are today" "Why