So I was inboxed with the prompt of giving Nico a heterosexual experience without compromising his homosexuality. Now that was a challenge. Now the only way I could see this happening was if Nico was with someone he loves and trusts. So I though back to how could someone do something like that, then it hit me! Sometimes friends practice with friends reguardless of gender. Sometimes practicing with a friend took away some of the nerves. So that's how this happens. Nico is still gay in this. He's just learning how to be a better lover with a friend he trusts. A higher level of friendship. Visiting New Rome after Gaea was a hell of a lot more fun than before. Now he actually had people to visit. Reyna had invited him for a weekend stay since Will had gone to Texas for a family emergency. Nico and Will were really starting to get close and if the child of Hades didn't know any better he could have sworn the son of Apollo may return his feelings. Now if he just wasn't scared of making a move! Reyna and him were lounging on her bed in the Praetors chambers arguing about different battle tactics when someone came barreling threw the door. "Hey! I was just wondering if... oh shit you have company I'm so sorry praetor. I'll come back later." "It's ok Taylor. Come by and see me tomorrow." "Tomorrow then.." Taylor blushed as he went out the door. "Reyna, what was that all about?" "That's Taylor, son of Clementia. She's the goddess of forgiveness. Taylor is helping me, therapy I guess. Helping me learn to forgive others and forgive myself. It's amazing how good he is at it. Like a Jedi mind trick or something. He helps me and I help him, quid pro quo. Tonight is our usual sessions but since you are in town I can see him another time." "Tutoring him in battle? Giving him sword lessons?" "No uh... I'm actually teaching him how to be a better lover." Nico sat straight up on the bed in shock at her words. "You can teach that?!" "Of course I can teach that. Usually most people go to the Venus or the cupid kids but I have experience and can separate feelings and sex. I'm broken that way I guess. Never could connect during sex. One day I hope I can." "So, what do you teach him?" "Well he's gay so I taught him how to give a blowjob and how to have anal sex. Both top and bottom. We started off slow though since he doesn't like girls. Just kissing and stuff. So we meet once a week, he gives me therapy and I show him sex tricks." "Why would he need those lessons though?" "Oh the poor thing had a bad ex boyfriend. Told him he was a terrible kisser and that he was shit in bed in front of the whole cohort. Taylor wouldn't come out of his barracks for days after that. We talked about it when it happened and I offered to help him so that would never happen again. Works out great for both of us. " "So you are sex friends with a gay guy." "Yup." "You don't care that he's gay?" "Well I'm not entirely sure I'm straight myself so... yeah." "Reyna, I'm gay." She just looked at me for a few moments with a very endearing smile. Instead of staying something she just put her hand to my face and stroked my cheek with her thumb, letting me know she was happy I told her. Showing me that she was ok with it. "So do you have any boys in mind?" "One, Will Solace." "Oh the hot Apollo kid on the hill. The one who carried you on his shoulders when you passed out. " "Thank for the embarrassing reminder but yes, I just can't stop thinking about him." "Well he is dreamy in a dumb blonde surfer kind of way." "He's far from dumb, actually he's one of the smartest people I know. He's going to be a doctor one day." "Mmmm ." Blushing I hid my hands over my face. "Oh don't say that! Now that's all that's going to come to mind when I look at him." "You know I heard apollos kids are super well endowed." "You ma'am are not helping!" "Gay?" "Bisexual, atleast that's what Annabeth told me. She said all the Apollo kids swing both ways." "Well than the hard parts over. Ask the dude out already! Or is he seeing someone?" "No he's single and he's the same age as me. We hang out like every day. I'm teaching him Italian." "So he asked you to teach him something, Neeks the boy likes you." "I think he does but every time I try to ask him out I get to nervous and end up stuttering and then changing the subject." "Why are you so nervous? He's bisexual. He likes boys. He likes you well enough that he sees you everyday and is asking you to teach hi... wait a second ! Nico he's the son of Apollo and he's asking you to teach him Italian!" "What? I don't get it, am I missing something?" "Not legacies but direct children of Apollo can speak Italian. Like the Venus kids speaking French. Italian is the language of music. A long time ago all songs and operas were performed only in Italian. Will can speak Italian already, why would he need you to teach him... unless he likes you and is looking for a reason to spend time with you!" "You have to be shitting me!" "I shit you not." "Fuck! Do you have any idea how many times I have said really embarrassing things infront of him thinking he doesn't speak Italian ! I've said things about his body!" "Oh wow, yeah he likes you." "Ugh! I can't do this. I don't know what I'm doing! I've never kissed anyone, well not really." "What do you mean not really?" "Promise you won't tell anyone?" "On the river styx. Now spill." "I kissed Percy once while he was sleeping. It was just like a lingering closed mouth peck. But as I pulled away he kissed back a little and then said Annabeth as I pulled away. It was both the most amazing feeling and the turmoil of ultimate rejection on the same moment." "Awww that's cute. So you are worried about kissing?" "Amongst other things. No one wants to be bad in bed and now that you just told me Taylor's story I'm double worried. What if he kisses me and I suck at it! What if he wants to do more and I look like a virgin idiot that has zero experience!" "You are a virgin idiot with zero experience. "Not helping!" "We'll fool around with like a practice dude. Shadow travel into some gay club and screw a stranger. You are a hot little Italian emo boy, you will have to beat them off with a stick. And you don't have to be good cause it's a one time thing." "Why didn't you give Taylor that advice?" "Because he can't teleport like you can nightcrawler." "Bitch, I'll cut your hair while you sleep if you call me that again." "Down boy it was just a joke. Well.. ok come closer and tilt your head to the side." "Why?" "Just do it." Scooting toward her on the bed I did as she asked. Cross legged infront of her I dug my nails into my PJ pants as she copied me. "Now lean in and kiss me." "No! I'm not doing that! Reyna I love you as a friend but I just came out to you. I'm not attracted to girls." "And I'm not attracted to short goth boys in the slightest, in fact you are the only one of the big three I haven't hit on. Just shut up and let me help you like I help Taylor. It doesn't mean anything. People practice with friends all the time. It's the best way to get good at something without getting to much emotion involved. Do you trust me?" Of course I trusted her. I just don't see how kissing someone I don't find attractive helpful. Fuck it, might as well find out if I'm a bad kisser. Leaning into her I felt our lips touch. Kissing someone for the first time is so weird. It's like you don't expect the lips to be as soft as they are. Like if I think of my own lips I don't think they are that soft. But Percy's lips were super soft and Reyna's lips are soft. So is everyone else soft and I'm not? Does she think the same thing about me. Does she think my lips are soft? Then she pulled away. "Good that was good. Now we are going to do it with our tongues." "Oh like French kissing?" "Yes. I want you to wait until I drag my tongue across your lower lip then just open your mouth and follow my lead. It's like a dance or sword fighting, just kind of do the opposite of what I'm doing. Swirl it your tongue around mine, prod at it, test it. Understand?" "Yeah ummm yeah ok." Once again our lips met and I felt her tongue. I was a little shocked by it even though she told me she was going to do it. Opening my mouth slightly I felt her breach my mouth. It wasn't nearly as weird as I thought it was going to be. I thought it would feel wrong because I don't like girls but it didn't feel wrong, it just didn't feel like anything I guess. Just felt like kissing. No electricity, no ... urges. Just kissing. I felt her tongue move upward and tickle the roof of my mouth. I pulled away laughing and she bit my lower lip teasing it between her teeth. Wow ok I like that. I like the teeth. "How was that?" "It was.. it was ok. I liked it when you bit my lip." "Good, well I can tell you that you are a natural. That was a good kiss Nico. " I blushed. That was a great compliment and she was right. My nerves about it had calmed slightly knowing that someone told me I was good at it. Maybe Reyna and Taylor's arrangement wasn't so crazy after all. It's a real confidence boost practicing before hand. "Ok so did you want me to teach you anything else?" "Like what? " "Well I've taught Taylor loads of stuff. Sex stuff." "Yeah I was curious about that. How do you teach a dude how to do stuff when you don't exactly have that equipment?" Leaning over the bed she shuffled into her side table and pulled out a box. Opening it she dumped it on the bed. "Ok all of this has been sterilized ok so feel free to touch what you want. " "Why don't you just tell me about everything cause I have no clue what all of this is." "Yay sex Ed time!" Holding up something that was clearly shaped like a large penis with a hook and a belt strapped to it she began explaining her sex box. "This is a strap on. It's a really special one to for when I have female lovers.." "You have had sex with girls?" I interrupted. "Yes Nico a girl has needs, now pay attention. The hook goes inside me and rubs and vibrates against my Gspot. I strap this to me and I have sex with it. The button on the bottom turns it on. It's special because it only vibrates when you hit certain parts of it. It has motion detectors. So if what you are doing is good it vibrates harder as if I had a real penis. So