Someone by the name of Mistresshunter34 asked about the perfect wedding in the Soangelo universe so here it is. To the point where it's unrealistic with how perfect everything goes. Real weddings and real sex never seems to go this way but that's why this is fanstasy and it's the reason we escape with fan fiction. Enjoy! The Wedding of Soangelo! Five wonderful years together. I have been with Will Solace for five years. I never thought in my life I would ever be in the situation I was in right now. Picking up my cuff links I nimbly fingered the diamond skulls that my father gave me last week for this day. I know he gave Will a pair too but he won't show me what they are. I was getting ready by myself in my cabin. We decided to get married on the beach at camp half blood where he asked me to marry him on the first place. One year ago today actually. Our anniversary. Guess he didn't want to remember two. In front of everyone around a campfire he asked me with a stupid poem. Fucking Apollo kids. I cried. I was 19 and I was getting married. Everyone thinks it's crazy, hell even Percy and Annabeth have yet to get engaged. I felt very confident about it but I'm from a different time. This was normal from when I'm from getting married the minute you were old enough. Will didn't even question us getting married so quickly he knew what he wanted. Will was a perfect balance for me. Will was the light in my darkness and the voice inside my head. The most amazing balance was found with eachother. The healer fixing the broken boy. The first person that could touch me without me flinching away. Even Hazel knew to let me make the first move when I hugged her but Will broke all those barriers. Slowly but surely tearing down my physical boundaries going one step at a time and never allowing me to backtrack. The minute he did something physical with me he wouldn't allow me to try and stop it from happening again. Holding my hand one night and then the next when I tried to pull away he fought his fingers to entwine mine no matter how much I wanted to run from his affection. By the time we got to having sex a few years after dating I was ripe for the taking. I didn't question it. In fact I craved the intimacy of it. It's funny how him holding my hand was so uncomfortable but the moment we get to the point of him sticking his dick in me I was all "DO IT ALREADY!" In fact I was the one to started all that. Of course I'm now addicted. You couldn't even enter my cabin the first month we started unless you wanted to see us lounging naked with a strong sex smell permeating the space. Will moved in with me after that month and we haven't been apart one day since. My father bought us an apartment close to Harvard where Will was attending med school. Only a block from campus. It was small and dirty and the perfect first home for us. Aside from my cabin here. This will always be our first real home. Will would go to school all day and I would work for my father. Will received a full ride to school by an anonymous donor... which my father admitted to me when we were alone one day in his palace claiming that... * "The boy has talent and I can not allow you to spend your life with someone who is going no where with their life. Money to go to a good school is all that's holding him back and that's easily remedied. Also I had his father put in a good word at the school of his choice getting him early acceptance. Apollo hasn't done enough for that boy and with a small talk it was easy to convince him to pick up a phone and talk to the admissions office. You on the other hand have a 5th grade education by American standards regardless of all the private study you have done on your own so I've decided it would be a good idea if you would just work for me. I need an extra set of hands with talent like yours and it would be the first time I allowed one of my children to work for me. I'll pay you well and I know you will do fine. If anyone up there asks just say that you are an anthropologist that specializes in ancient burial rights. It's not like you couldn't qualify as one anyway you just don't have the paperwork to back it up. Let me do this for you. Think of it as a life time of making up for the lack of care I've had with my children. You are my only son. Most likely my last son. I finally did something right with you and your sisters and I'd like to be able to nurture those decisions I made. All I need is your permission to be a good father and I will show you I can be*." Needless to say I let him but hey I'm sort of a "millennial" in a way and I felt a bit entitled to let him. I heard a knock at the cabin door and knew it was Jason with the suits. Holding up our clothes he told me that the others would be by soon. Jason was my best man since he was my best friend. I also had Percy and Hazel. Hazel would be wearing a red dress to match my shirt. I had the others do black on black with a red tie. Will had no idea what I was wearing. Since neither of us are "the bride " we decided to do the tradition with both of us. So I'm terrified he's in a bright yellow zoot suit. On his side he had Cecil and Lou Ellen as well as Frank. It was going to be priceless watching Jason and Cecil walking down the aisle in the precession. Dressing me quickly Jason was going full on maid of honor even though he was my best man. Taking care of all the details of this wedding as well as my bachelor party. Of course we went to Vegas. Even going as far to get everyone to agree to going to "The Thunder down under" an Australian male strip show. Everyone decked out in full on rainbows with shirts that said groom and groomsmen. Penis necklace and all. I had no clue what Cecil did for Will but I do know that Cecil won't talk about it and Will was sworn to secrecy to apparently spare Cecil's pride. Everyone was gathering as we finished up. Hazel did a very intricate braid in my long Raven hair since I refused to cut it. We headed down and I was pushed into a tent on the side of the sandy beach. We agreed that Will would be the one standing up there waiting for me since he was the one who proposed. I looked down at my engagement ring. It was a beautiful onyx and Stygian iron ring in a mans style with skulls on the sides. Soon another ring would interlock with it covered in yellow sapphires and onyx stones around the entire outside. I was nervous but mainly because of walking infront of everyone. Jason was rubbing my shoulders giving me a pep talk telling me how everything was going to be fine. The music began and Hazel took her single black rose to walk down the aisle with. A shadowy black substance was gathering in the corner of the tent. My father. Forming in the tent he was dressed to the nines in a sharp black Armani suit black shirt and white silk paisley tie. "How do I look?" "Good papa." "Good. Your stepmother is already seated next to Apollo in the gods row." "Gods row?" "Yes everyone is here actually all the olympians and even Thanatos and Charon. Apparently everyone was very excited about this wedding since you are the first ones to get married from the prophecy." "I wasn't even one of the seven?" "Yet you played the roll of uniting the camps preventing civil war. That buys you their appearance at your wedding." "I'm not sure we even invited them? I thought we just invited you and Apollo." "Well since Hera insisted on marrying you both she took it upon herself to invite all the gods and spouses. Well Poseidon came alone. I think he's trying to snag a dance with Mrs. Blofis." "Well Percy's sister is the flower girl so it made sense to invite his parents. " "So are you ready? Shows about to start." "Yes very. How are we going to do this?" "I though a manly hand on the shoulder as I walk with you. " "Good that sounds good" The sound of a classical version of "You belong to me" started to play and I knew that was my cue. My father patted my back and lead me out of the tent since we were obviously the last ones in it. Walking down the beach I saw the two sides of people. Maybe a total of 300 people all together. I didn't realize we knew that many people but apparently we do and they expected an invite. Black rose petals littered the ground down the aisle. You may be thinking that black roses don't actually exist but when you have the Demeter Cabin on your side anything is possible. Will was wearing a gorgeous stark White suit with thin gold pin stripes. A blue shirt that matched his eyes and a white and gold tie. He looked so beautiful. Checking his cuff links quickly I saw little golden suns. The face he was wearing was one of awe. Like he was looking at the most wondrous thing he could have ever imagined. That look was directed at me and I still couldn't believe that someone could look at me with that kind of love. I tear rolled from the corner of his eye and I was doing my best to hold my own shit together at the sight of him. Approaching the arch which was lavished in black and white roses strewn with babies breath (another shout out to Demeter cabin!) my father presented me to be given away to Will with a nod. Cecil and frank wore blue suits and Lou Ellen and Percy's sister had matching blue dresses. Taking my chilly hands in his golden warm ones he looked at me taking me in ignoring the small speech the queen of the gods was making before everyone talking about love and bringing us together in matrimony. I could barely hear her I was to overwhelmed by Will brushing his thumbs over my knuckles. "The grooms have prepared their own vows and agreed to say a few of the basic ones as well. William would you start?" Taking in a huge cleansing breath he never looked around or took his eyes off of me. It was like everyone disappeared around us. "Niccolo Vincenzo Di Angelo, I never thought I would find the love of my life while in a war. I thought I would meet someone in a coffee shop or at a party but no I saw this painfully beautiful boy in the ugliest Hawaiian shirt ever created and as he passed out I ran with him over my shoulders through a battle heavy field after he had taken down six guys by himself. I had always noticed you and admired you from afar but that was the day I knew you would stay in my life from then on. I