Nico POV I almost ruined things with will. I can't believe I let myself get that out of control. What he must think of me. It's been two days and I've barely seen him he's been so busy in the infirmary since the Stoll twins decided that Bengay was the fabric softener for the Ares cabins underwear. I can't stand being in here alone at night: I miss Hazel being here. The issues that Will healed the other night were unraveling every time I closed my eyes. The nightmares from Tartarus were ripping my head apart and the box I hid under my bed was calling me. I sat down legs crossed placing the black box covered in band stickers in front of me. Unlocking it I took Argento out. The only thing I had left from my mother. A 1925 barbers razor with a leather grip and silver Blade. Bandages and iodine followed. I would be lying if I said I didn't enjoy this. The ritual was half the satisfaction. Lining them up, finding the right area of skin, the droplets of blood. I pulled my bracelets off putting them in order around the box. Pulling Argento out I ran the blades full side across bottom lip as per the ritual. Light little cuts 1,2,3,4,5,6,7. The blood collected into a small pool on my wrist. Dripping down the numbness started to spread. Oh I needed this as much as I hated to admit it I needed to feel this. Will would be appalled. The thought hit my chest like a bettering ram. I had never had to answer to anyone not even Hazel. I grab the cotton ball and iodine and press it to my wrist feeling the sting. It was so sweet and so bitter at the same time. I put everything away. Put on each one of my bracelets. How am I going to hide this from Will. I hurt myself and I'm seeing a healer what was my PROBLEM! It's like I'm just asking for misery. The knock at my door shook me from my self loathing. Walking to the door I could see him actually glowing on my porch. "Angel! I have like 6 movies and I need you to pick one because we are totally doing the sappy couple thing tonight" He looked so buoyant. So happy to see me. God damn him! "I'm not watching ANY musicals or some weird Gay classic! "Yeah cause Child's Play 3 is dripping with rainbows and sing alongs" he smirked sarcastically. I grabbed three videos and turned inviting him in. The hills have eyes, child's play , Texas chainsaw massacre, nightmare on elm street, and ... half baked? Holding up half baked "question mark?" "Well incase the bloodbath wasn't your thing" "The blood bath is yours?" "Yeah I ugh have a secret guilty pleasure for gore and stoner movies" "Really" "Hey pot is medicinal! And I like creepy stuff I have an aunt that is very much into everything creepy and ghouley and it's rubbed off on me through the years." I decided I had enough nightmares right now and the pot movie was the best option. Heading to my bed he brought over a backpack which he unloaded onto my bed. Everything terrible for you was a colorful mess of awesome all over my sheets. Chocolate, fonzis, twizzlers, kinder eggs, GOOD NEWS BARS! "Sunshine where the fuck did you find Good news bars?" " I went to the big house and used their secure internet line and ordered them. They are from the 1930s and I thought Hey! You never can get Angel to eat anything maybe something from when he was little might be the best bet" I could feel tears burn behind my eyes. He went through all this trouble to get me to eat. He ordered 70year old candy to get me to eat. I have never felt as loved in my life than right now feeling the candy bar in my hands. Rustling in his bag he pulled out two glass tumblers and a yellow bottle. "So I've been told I'm a huge stick on the mud. I kinda threw cold water on our last encounter so I thought I would loosen up a bit. Lemon Cello. The Aphrodite cabin has a stash of fancy liquors and I traded some healing services for it" "Healing services ?" "Yeah some light pimple removal and curling iron burn marks" laughing he poured us a heavy amount into the tumblers. Taking the glass I sipped the yellow liquid. It reminded me of Italy, my mother would let us sip wine and drinks as kids. It wasn't uncommon in Europe. Popping in the video we got comfortable on my bed as we picked our way through the candy and treats. Wills POV Feeling Nico relaxing against me eating junk food watching Dave Chappell become a drug dealer was one of my favorite moments of the year. I've never had this. I never dreamed it was possible. I had so many wins all within 15 minutes! Nico was eating! Nico was touching me! Nico was relaxed sipping illicit substances with me! I know it sounds really immature but hey I'm only 16 this was my idea of an amazing time. My arm settled over his shoulder and his hair was in my nose, it smelled like Cloves and fresh shampoo. My body started to tingle. Not on the omg my crush is cuddling with me kind of tingle the something is wrong and you need to heal kind of tingle. Nico didn't know it but part of my powers include being able to sense where someone was injured and how. Nicks wrist was cut. A lot! Fresh. Emotion started to build inside of me. Nico was cutting himself. I stayed still figuring in my head how to handle this. Truth is I knew he cut himself before. On his examination some of those scars were just to clean to intentional. I also knew why he did it. Sometimes hurting yourself was a way of coping from trauma. Bringing the ugly to the surface and then watching it heal was like watching a problem come to light and then heal over and go away. Thing was that the problem never went away. Pausing the movie he got up to use the bathroom. Returning quickly he sat back down and I turned to face him. Turning toward me I leaned in and kissed him. His lips were soft and tasted like strawberry. He was wearing lipgloss? Must have just applied it in the bathroom. Putting his hands on my face I grabbed his forearm where I knew he was cut. Eyes popping out of his head he tried to pull away but I wouldn't let him. "Will let go of my arm!" "No baby I'm not going to let go" "Will please!" Desperation grew in his voice as I moved to pull his bracelets off. Tears welled in his eyes trying to smack my hand away. The great Nico Di Angelo could have flipped me and finished me in a matter of seconds. The fact that he didn't let me know deep down he wanted me to know. He wanted help. One by one I pulled the jewelry off his wrist exposing well cleaned cuts. Nico was sobbing now like ugly drooling snot bubble sobbing. Little Italian words of protest and shame escaped his lips. Pulling his wrist to my mouth I kissed each cut. Sealing each one. Realizing what I was doing the sobbing ebbed a bit watching on fascination. "H-how h-how did you? " "Can I show you something ?" Nodding at me I got off the bed slowly. Undoing my pants he began to turn red along with the constant tears streaming from his face. "I'm not doing what you think" Pulling my pants off I pulled the leg of my boxers up so he could see the inside of my thigh. Holding his breath he scooted to the end of the bed looking at the jagged scars that littered my inner thighs. Grazing this tiny fingers over them he hugged my leg letting his tears roll over the savagery I had inflicted on myself. Pulling his face up I motioned for us to sit back on the bed. "Your not alone Angel!" I said cupping his face. "Why will why you?" "Because I couldn't take hiding who I was. My mother didn't take my being gay the best even though she has finally come to terms with my sexuality it took a really long time" "You thought you were sick too?" "Oh yes sweets your not the only one that has struggled with this" Nuzzling my pal I kissed his forehead "Please don't hate me the nightmares were getting worse" "Is that why you don't eat either?" Shaking he came to a resolution in his face. He was going to finally tell me why he didn't eat. "In Tartarus I practically starved. Every time the illusion on food came I would take a bite and it would turn into glass in my mouth. Or worse. Every time I eat something it feels like glass shards going down my throat." I kissed him again. It took so much strength to admit that to me. Pulling away I pinned him down on the bed. Pulling his shirt off I kissed him all the way down his neck. I took my time kissing every inch of his torso. Hot tears falling as I kissed every burn and every mark that he or someone else has made. It wasn't exactly sexual. More emotional acceptance of who he was. Coming back to his face all the pain and humiliation he was experiencing came out in that kiss. Rough and strangled groans, digging his nails into my flesh as if he wanted to crawl inside me hoping I would heal him. We kept this up for hours until exhausted he fell asleep in my arms. Cathartic makeout session complete. Getting up to use the bathroom I decided I needed some help if I was going to get Nico out of this hole. I needed an adult. I need my Aunt Lee. In the bathroom I put the shower mist and glowed a bit to make a rainbow. Throwing a drachma in the rainbow I called my Aunt. "Sunny! I'm so happy to hear from you but it's so late what's going on?!" "Hi Aunt Lee! Hey I need your help with something!" "Shoot kiddo" I explained everything as much as I could to my aunt and she just nodded and smiled. After we disconnected I went back to Nico deciding it was to late to go back without the harpies catching me. Wrapping my arms around him I fell into a deep sleep with the most beautiful man I had ever laid eyes on. Nicos POV Waking up before Will was a miracle. I can't believe he stayed. He must have been emotionally exhausted after last night. I know I was. I'm not sure how he knew but part of me is so happy he found out. I hated hiding that from him and part of me felt lighter knowing that he knew and knowing that he excepted me. A loud knock came to my door. Who was here? Everyone was in New Rome this weekend. With my luck it was Chiron coming to jump down our throats for spending the night together no matter how innocent it was. Opening the door a woman was standing there with a rolling metal box. This was not just any woman though. She was in her early 30s and radiated cool in a way that could bring rockstars to their knees. 6ft tall with black and purple hair covered in tattoos. Her face though... was dazzling. Symmetrical flawless. Big Blue eyes that matched Wills. "Omg you are too admirable no wonder he fell for