I've been a silent observer of THG fandom for quite some time now, and have been in love with Everlark since I first finished the series. To show my appreciation to all the wonderful writers out there, I present to you my thank you for hours upon hours of lovely, perfect Everlark readings with a small story of my own. I was hoping to have this up by New Years, as it is essentially a New Years story, but it turned out to be much more time-consuming than I intended. Beware of shameless fluff, general silliness, and (hopefully) some Everlark swooning. I hope you all enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it! Happy new year :) Rated M for language and sexually explicit scenes. Acceptable Payment: A Date With Katniss Everdeen At Prim's encouragement, Katniss had applied to the Forestry & Botany graduate program at Capital University in mid-spring. It was the same master's program that their father had completed, and too expensive to be covered entirely by scholarship money. In order to supplement the extra cost, she snagged a job bartending part-time at The Hob, courtesy of a strong reference by fellow CapU alumni Johanna Mason. Their alcoholic boss Haymitch Abernathy's introductory interview question ("so what makes you think you'd be a good fit here at The Hob, sweetheart?") was responded with what her best friend Gale referred to as an "evil kitty" remark ("because I would never over-serve someone to the point of being as drunk as you obviously are"). He loved her immediately. She started that night. When Prim left their mother and her on a nursing scholarship to a prestigious school up north in late summer, Katniss had been left feeling a little lost. After their father died thirteen years previously, she had been determined to make sure that Prim's future would not suffer when she realized that their mother was lost to depression. Watching Prim leave, seeing her efforts realized as her little sister had excitedly taken a full-ride offer into the program of her dreams, she was torn between feelings of immense pride and overwhelming sadness at her absence. In early fall, she escaped the dreariness that was now her childhood home without Prim and moved into a small, two-bedroom apartment in the city with Johanna. Their apartment quickly became her new haven, a place where she could devote her energies to now that Prim had gone. She had settled into her new routine, splitting her time between school and work with ease. On an early October morning, Katniss walked her usual route to CapU, looking forward to another day of fieldwork. The long hours she spent in the woods around the city, collecting plants and analyzing forest beds, were her favorite hours of the day – alone, quiet, and reminiscent of the sights and smells of her father. It brought the comfort and solace needed to ease her into the chaotic messes that were her nights at The Hob. This day had been particularly dirty and difficult, and when she had finally begun her walk home some eight hours later she was satisfied but exhausted. That's when she smelt it. A block from her and Johanna's apartment was a tiny bakery. Just as she walked by its little, yet undeniably enticing, window display, the door opened as a happy customer clutched a buttery Mellark Bakery pastry bag tight in their hands. The delicious smells that tantalizingly wafted out beckoned her feet inside before she even realized it. "Hello there. Anything I can help you find today?" Her eyes ravaged the rows and rows of cupcakes and creameries long before she turned to look towards the voice. The look on her face at the sight of so many delicious pastries must have been exuberant, as when she finally locked eyes with the clerk he had a beaming smile on his face. Her cheeks blossomed with a burst of color – both at the realization of her undeniable croissant-drooling expression and at the sight of the young man behind the counter. She was greeted with golden-blonde hair, curling haphazardly across his forehead, and a charming smile. His eyes were an even lighter blue than Prim's and he had a lone streak of flour along the bottom of his jaw. He wasn't particularly tall, but had a wide, stocky build that was thick across his chest, tapering in under a flour-covered apron tied neatly around his narrow waist. Her blush deepened at the realization that he was very attractive and, consequently, she was blatantly staring. "Um…sorry. Hi." Katniss shuffled her feet forward, clearing her throat lightly and turning to face him squarely. "I've never actually been in here before. I…well, I'm not really sure what I'm looking for." "Ah, first timer. Those are my favorite, actually." He smiled again, an almost imperceptible dimple flashing at her confession. "Any particular reason you came in here today?" His voice was warm and welcoming; she could tell he was genuinely curious and was taken back by his obvious sincerity. He eyed her steadily, patiently waiting for her to respond with an adorably exciting grin on his face. It was contagious – she found herself smiling shyly back, inwardly berating herself for acting so flustered. "Um, well…to be honest, whatever you have cooking back there smells amazing." She admitted hurriedly to him. To her immense pleasure he chuckled happily, nodding his head in agreement. "Looks like you have excellent taste! I just finished a batch of a Mellark Bakery specialty, commonly referred to as cheese buns." He started backing away from her, disappearing behind a large swinging door beyond the bread shelves. "Stay right there, let me grab one for you!" He returned momentarily, hands folding over the edges to her very own Mellark Bakery pastry bag. The smell reached her nose with renewed force and she couldn't help but sniff hopefully into the air. He flashed her yet another dimple-bearing grin and happily held out the bag to her. "I hope they live up to your expectations." She folded her hands carefully around the package, feeling the still-warm bun spread warmth into her palms. "What do I owe you?" "Absolutely nothing." He replied smoothly, blue eyes twinkling mischievously. "No, please," she shook her head insistently, fumbling for her purse, "I can't let you do that." "I insist. To welcome you as a first-time customer, this one is on me." He said kindly with a smile, crossing his arms across his chest in mock defiance. She stared at him blankly, unsure of what to do and uncomfortable with the free delicacy. Katniss didn't do free; she could afford it and wanted to pay for it. "There must be something I can do…" she mumbled, hands encasing the warm bun. "You can come back." "…what?" "You can come back." He repeated, a slight blossom of pink hinting at his cheeks. "Seeing you back in here again and knowing you loved that cheese bun seems like an acceptable form of payment to me. Do you accept?" She was still staring at him. She contemplated. Her stomach wriggled at the thought of seeing him again – stop it, why are you thinking this way, you're being ridiculous – and before she could think better of it she muttered back, "okay." "Excellent!" He beamed at her, and she couldn't help the slight smile that she felt tugging at her lips in response to his enthusiasm. "Then I look forward to seeing you again sometime soon…" He looked at her expectantly. She swallowed. Right, her name. "…Katniss." "Katniss. I'm Peeta." He stuck out one large, floury hand. She shook it. "I hope to see you again soon, Katniss. Enjoy your cheese bun." She nodded, mumbled a thank you, and retreated back onto the street. She barely remembered the walk home, suddenly being aware that she was simply there, and she jammed her key into the lock. Johanna was asleep on the couch in the few hours they had left until they had to head to work, so Katniss tread softly to her room and closed the door, waiting until she was comfortably perched on her bed before opening the still faintly warm package between her hands. It was the most delicious thing she had ever eaten. He'd even put two in the bag. She tried to ignore the peculiar excitement she felt when she realized she would have to go back for more. December 17 th It was a tradition every year that when Delly Cartwright came home they got the entire CapU group together to get completely shitfaced and reminisce about old times. "Hey Brainless, is this too slutty or not slutty enough?" Katniss looked up from her spot on the couch, took in her friend's attire, and smirked. "That would barely justify as underwear for me. I think it's the perfect amount of slutty for you." "And that is exactly why you never get laid." Johanna cackled at her, doing a satisfied twirl in the mirror. In typical Johanna fashion, her skirt barely covered her ass and the top of her breasts were spilling out of her shirt; an average day in the closet of Johanna Mason. Katniss frowned as she looked at her own appearance. She was greeted with sweatpants and a spaghetti-stained tank top. "Does this mean I need to get dressed up too?" "Of course it does. You can't go to the bar looking like a hobo." "Thanks, Jo." "Come on, you never dress up. Tonight will be fun! It'll be good for you to get out, let loose, have some drinks, black out, and wake up next to a stranger you'll never see again!" "Thanks, but I think I'll leave the blacking out to you and Gale." At the thought of her old friend, she perked up a little. He'd landed himself a fancy job at a law firm downtown and she rarely saw him anymore. The only people she ever saw regularly among them were Johanna, Annie, and Madge. In the case of Johanna, perhaps she saw a little too much of her. "Whatever. Go get changed, I expect to see at least some ass tonight from you!" Johanna pointed a finger at her with a raised eyebrow. Katniss raised her hands in surrender, heading towards her own bedroom. "Fine, fine, I'll make a minute effort, give me a few." Closing her door behind her, she wrenched her closet doors open and sighed. She wasn't one for dressing up and her selections were limited. Clothes had never exactly been a top priority for her – but her closest friends would all be together again tonight, so she felt a need to at least try . As she sifted through her limited selection she could hear a knock and some squeals (definitely not from Johanna) at the opening of her front door – Madge and Annie would be spending the night, as was tradition, along with Delly. Wriggling into some jeans, she bundled up to face the cold and headed out to join them, feeling light with the promise of a fun night with old friends. The bar was busy, teeming with many others their age who were also happy to celebrate the homecoming of faraway friends during the holidays. The four of them arrived and wormed their way through the crowd, spotting Finnick and Gale at a table near the back end of the bar. Their heads were difficult to miss – both tall and athletic, they dwarfed over many others and were a guiding beacon wherever they went. To Katniss' surprise and delight, a short perky blonde was with them as well, talking a mile a minute and waving her hands around enthusiastically. "You guys! You're here!" Delly threw her arms around them one by one, to which Katniss reciprocated warmly. She'd grown up with Delly almost as long as she'd grown up with Gale. More recently, Delly began attending the same medical school