A/N: I found this story buried deep in my inbox, never completed. With some burst of inspiration I churned it out and attempted to edit my writing. My first completed Harry Potter fic! I hope you enjoy. "Happy birthday, Rosie!" Lily cried, bounding over and hugging her blushing cousin. "Lily! This is the library! Be quiet," Rose whispered, shooting an apologetic smile at Madame Pince. The librarian narrowed her eyes at the two red heads but looked away as Wendy Longbottom managed to drop a stack of books on the floor. "Well, I've been looking for you everywhere! I know it's not your birthday until tomorrow but I just had to give you your present now. You have to use it tonight." Rose's favorite female cousin beamed as she held out a tiny box. It was wrapped in pink paper and tied with a red ribbon. "Thank you, Lily," Rose said, accepting the present without another word. She knew it was hopeless anyway; if she even dared to argue, Lily might do something stupid and get them both evicted from the library. She carefully unwrapped the gift so that nothing ripped or tore, secretly enjoying the frustration on Lily's face. "It's a…potion?" Rose asked, examining the tiny vial in her hand. It looked innocent enough, but knowing Lily it could irreversibly color her hair for an entire day or something equally repugnant. "Not just a potion. Uncle George just finished it. You know, that top secret one that's too important to come to Christmas for," Lily said, pausing to roll her eyes. "He just finished it and I got you a bottle so you could be the first one to try it out!" Rose looked at the vial doubtfully. Now she felt doubly suspicious. It didn't doubt that Uncle George was brilliant at his jokes and gags, but everything behind skipping Christmas to the intense secrecy was just a little bit odd. "I don't know, Lily. Has this been approved by any magical associations?" Rose asked. "Come on, Rosie! Have some faith. It's not like I'd give it to you if it was dangerous." "I suppose. Uncle George did say it was alright to give it to me, right?" Rose narrowed her eyes as Lily shuffled guiltily. "You didn't ask him for the potion, did you?" Lily gave an exasperated sigh. "I was there the other week and I heard him tell my dad that the potion was finally ready. I couldn't think of anything else to get you and thought this would be perfect. With all the time spent on this thing, you know Uncle George has had it tested extensively. He's a professional, not some weirdo off the street." She crossed her arms. "Besides, it's your own fault for being so hard to shop for." Rose sighed but nodded. "Alright, alright. I get it. What's it supposed to do anyway? It's not going to make my feet smell like rotten egg or my hair fall out or something, will it?" "Please. That's Hugo's department." Lily grinned. "Read the label!" Rose squinted down at the tiny print. Perfect Day, Happy Day Brought to you exclusively by Weasley's Wizard Wheezes, comes the revolutionary new product. Now, for the first time ever, you can ensure unparalleled happiness in one day. Make that special day perfect; that event smashing! With just this tiny sip the night before, you will wake up to a guaranteed Happy Day! "I swear, he gets cornier with every label," Rose muttered but she couldn't stop the smile from her face. "Thanks, Lily, this is a really nice gift. I suppose it must be something like Felix Felicis. Thanks for the great day." Rose smiled widely. Lily beamed before looking at her watch. "I've got to run but I'm glad you like your gift! Don't forget to drink it tonight." With a wave, the girl scampered off. Rose slipped the bottle into her bag and returned to her homework. "Happy birthday, Rose!" Rose woke up, heart pounding and almost fell out of her bed. All the girls of her dormitory surrounded the bed, beaming. "Happy birthday, love!" Denise Franklin handed her a cupcake with a candle sticking out the middle. "We all have classes all day, which is total crap, so we wanted to make sure you at least got a lovely start to your special day." Rose took the cupcake weakly and smiled. "Thanks, everyone. This is so nice." Might have been a bit nicer if I had gotten that extra thirty minutes of sleep, she couldn't help but think as she glanced at the clock. But it was the thought that counted and they did all lose their thirty minutes as well. Rose closed her eyes, blew out the candle and the girls all cheered. "Have a marvelous day, Rosie!" One by one, the girls trickled out to the washrooms and Rose was left alone. She groaned softly and fell back into her pillows, pulling the covers over her head. "Shit, shit, shit!" Rose breathed as she ran through the empty halls. How could she have fallen back asleep? She wasn't a bloody first year! Her stomach protested audibly as she sailed past the closed doors to the great hall. Why hadn't she eaten the stupid cupcake? What a marvelous beginning to her 18th birthday. She rounded a corner at a speed that was definitely several miles per hour faster than were allowed and, because it was turning out to be that sort of day, collided full force with some poor unsuspecting person, sending them both toppling to the floor. "Bloody hell!" Rose groaned, pushing herself onto her elbows. Please don't be a professor, please don't be a professor. "I am so sorry!" Rose scrambled to her feet and reached a hand out to her victim. "I'm horribly late, not that that's a good excuse." "No, it really isn't." Scorpius Malfoy ignored her hand and got to his feet. "But you really are terribly late. First class started twenty minutes ago. I should give you a detention for running that fast." Rose grunted unattractively and knelt down to try to gather all her books back into her bag. "Sod off, Malfoy. I'm a prefect, just the same as you. What are you doing out of class?" Scorpius watched her for a moment and then sighed. Pulling out his wand, he mended her broken ink well, knelt down and began grabbing papers. "I have a note for McGonagall, which means I am out of class on a school-sanctioned task." He handed her the stack of parchment and she sighed with relief. "Thanks so much. Who knew you could actually make life easier?" They stood up and regarded each other. Scorpius shrugged. "I'm full of surprises." He glanced at his watch. "Twenty two minutes now, Weasley, plus five points from Gryffindor for running in the halls and injuring the innocent." Rose's face crumpled into a scowl and he smiled. "I won't forget this, Malfoy," she said, darkly, before turning and hurrying down the hall. "Late to two classes, a detention and Malfoy all before lunch. Happy birthday to me," Rose muttered darkly in between bites of Shepard's pie. Her cousins made sympathetic noises and her brother grunted. "Buck up. At least you're not going into double potions with the Slytherins." Rose shook her head. "I'd take double potions any day." She glanced at her watch. "I've got to stop by the library before my next class. At least today can't get any worse." She stood up and swung her bag onto her shoulder and immediately regretted it as hot liquid burned her arm, shoulder to wrist. Erin Creevey stared at her with huge eyes. "Oh my Merlin, I'm so sorry, Rose! I wasn't paying attention!" She was holding the now empty soup bowl in her hands and seemed to be close to a nervous breakdown. The Potter and Weasley clan stared at Rose's stony face; it seemed as though the whole hall became silent. Finally, a chuckle broke the silence and Rose whipped around, steely eyed. Scorpius Malfoy stood behind the despondent little Gryffindor ("I'm so so so sorry! I'll never carry soup again!"), a cup of tea in his hand and a grin on his face. "Something funny, Malfoy?" Rose hissed, trying not to think about tomato dripping off her sleeves. The Slytherin didn't even answer, just walked past, chuckling the whole time. It was all Rose could do not to rip the smug smirk from his stupid face. Hours later, Rose fell into bed, trying to decide if she was too exhausted to cry. By the time she had charmed her jumper clean after the soup incident, she'd had to run to pick up the books from the library, which made her late for her next class. Luckily, Professor Longbottom was particularly cheerful after a delivery of rare Chinese orchids and had let her off with a warning. In class, she'd managed to get bitten by a possessed Venus Flytrap and in Potions she'd spilled eye of newt all over her skirt when Malfoy jostled her. That last one might not have been purely bad luck as she was fairly sure he'd done it on purpose. Luckily for him, she was too tired to even send an expletive his way. Of course, then she'd had to patrol the fifth floor corridor and Malfoy popped up as her replacement partner as stupid Morgan McDonnall had gotten bit by something in Herbology. If that wasn't bad luck, she didn't know what was. After patrol (she'd only run into two knights of armor and stepped on Mrs. Norris's tail once; even Malfoy had commented on her extraordinarily bad day) she'd been too exhausted to do anything but drag herself up the stairs and collapse into bed, which is where she found herself now. Rose rolled over and sighed heavily. Her eyes fell on the tiny potion bottle Lily had given to her the night before and she grabbed it. "Thanks loads, Uncle George. You still have some kinks to work out." She tossed the bottle back on the nightstand. "The only good thing about today was that it'll never happen again and every future birthday will be amazing by comparison." "Happy birthday, Rose!" Rose's eyes snapped open and she immediately began scowling. "What?" Once again, all the girls in her dormitory surrounded her, smiling widely. "Happy birthday, love!" Denise Franklin handed her a cupcake with a candle sticking out the middle. "We all have classes all day, which is total crap, so we wanted to make sure you at least got a lovely start to your special day." Rose looked at the cupcake suspiciously. "Ok, what are you all up to? Pretending it's my birthday again, very funny, you got me. The cupcake even looks exactly the same." The girls exchanged looks. "What are you talking about?" Wendy Longbottom asked, crossing her arms. "Today's your birthday. March 6th, right?" She looked at Denise. "There's no way we made a mistake." "March 6th is my birthday but today's March 7th." Rose blew out the candle before the wax all melted into a puddle. More looks were exchanged. "Check again, Rosie. Today's the 6th." Rose frowned as a few of the girls began to detach from the group and into the washroom. "Are you feeling all right?" Denise asked. "It's not like you to not know what day it is." Rose looked at the wall calendar that Wendy religiously crossed off every evening. March 5th was crossed off, leaving the 6th front and center. Rose shook her head, trying to mask her confusion. "Yeah, I just had a really vivid dream that it was already my birthday. Good thing too! It was a horrible day." Denise smiled. "I'm sure you'll have a lovely day. See you later!" Rose laid the cupcake on the nightstand and fell back into the pillows. How weird. "Shit, shit, double shit!" Rose ran through the halls,