Hey Guys I am writing a Percy Jackson characters reading the books. Hopefully I will write them all. This is the first one now lets start. This story takes place after the Giant war. And the ages are as follows: -Percy Jackson= 17 -Annabeth chase=17 -Thalia Grace= 15 permanently -Nico Di Angelo=14 -Grover Underwood=34 -Jason grace=16 -Piper Mclean=16 -Leo Valdez=16 -Frank Zhang=16 -Hazel Levesque=14 - Reyna Avila Ramirez-Arellano=16 -Rachel Elizabeth Dare=17 -Clarisse La Rue=19 -Chris Rodriquez=19 -Travis Stoll=16 -Conner Stoll=15 -Katie Gardner=16 -Will Solace=15 Not all characters will be present at the start they will appear when they are mentioned in the book or something and if I am forgetting any character please do tell. Disclaimer: I wish but I don't own anything in bold and I don't own any of the characters all the credit goes to Uncle Rick. CHAPTER 1 The Olympians were having a council meeting when a flash of light appeared and there were ten kids standing in the throne room. "How dare you interrupt a meeting of the gods" Zeus thundered. "We didn't come here, you summoned us" Said a girl with black hair and electric blue eyes, on which she wore black eyeliner. She looked like a punk/emo type girl. "And why would I summon some puny demigods" Zeus said. "Hey!" protested the demigods. Suddenly another flash of light appeared and a book fell out of the ceiling. "Weird" muttered a boy with blond hair and the same color of eyes as the first one. Then a note appeared, the punk girl took it as she was the closest to it. The girl read: Dear Gods and Demigods I have sent you here so you can read some books and prevent some major damage during the wars as they still will happen but you can save more demigods if you know what will happen. Demigods don't be confused you are sent to the past so you can read the 10 books. When you read the first books it will disappear and the second one will appear. There will be some more people arriving to read too. First you will introduce yourself with your full titles. Good luck. Love .1023 "So we will read some books about our adventures" said a girl with blond hair and grey eyes. "Introduce yourselves" said Athena, the goddess of Wisdom. "I am Percy Jackson, son of Poseidon and bane of three Titans, Part of the Great Prophesy and one of the Seven" Gasps were heard around the room. Zeus glared at Poseidon, who sunk in his throne. "Annabeth Chase, daughter of Athena, architect of Olympus, one of the seven and retriever of the real Athena Parthenos" Athena beamed with pride. "Thalia Grace, Daughter of Zeus, the lieutenant of the hunters of Artemis" Gasps were heard again and it was Zeus's turn to sink on the other hand Artemis looked worried about what happened to her first lieutenant. "Nico DI Angelo, Son of Hades and the Ghost king" Cue the gasps .It was winter solstice so Hades was also present at the council along with Hestia who tended the flames and sat by the Hearth. Hades was very happy to know that Nico has escaped the Lotus Hotel and casino safely but he searched the crowd of demigods for Bianca but had no luck in finding her. "I am Jason Grace, son of Jupiter, Former praetor of Camp Jupiter and New Rome and one of the seven" Everyone looked in utter shock and their eyes were wide. "I am Piper Mclean, daughter of Aphrodite, charm speaker and one of the seven" Aphrodite squealed in happiness. "Leo Valdez, Son of Hephaestus, fire user, builder of Argo II and one of the seven" The said god smiled in return. "I am Travis Stoll, son of Hermes, part of the battle of Manhattan" "I am Conner Stoll, son of Hermes, part of the battle of Manhattan" They both said in unison and Hermes smiled at their Antics. "Clarisse, Daughter of Ares and Drakon Slayer" Ares beamed with pride at the introduction of his daughter. "So now can we start reading the books" Chided Apollo "I want to get over with it" "Apollo is right. For once" Artemis said muttering the last part. Annabeth picked up the book and read the title out loud "Percy Jackson and the Olympians: The Lightning Thief" Percy perked up at the mention of his name. "Who will read first?" asked Demeter. "I suppose I will" answered Annabeth. She opened the book and started reading. I ACCIDENTALLY VAPORIZE MY PRE-ALGEBRA TEACHER Eyebrows rose at the title of the chapter. "It's in my point of view" groaned Percy. "Dude you vaporized your teacher" asked Leo. Look, I didn't want to be a half-blood. "None of us want to be" the demigods said at the same time groaning. If you're reading this because you think you might be one, my advice is: " No don't listen Percy is giving advice" yelled Conner dramatically. Percy just rolled his eyes. Close this book right now. Believe what-ever lie your mom or dad told you about your birth, and try to lead a normal life. "That's actually a good advice" said Thalia earning a smile from Percy. Being a half-blood is dangerous. It's scary. Most of the time, it gets you killed in painful, nasty ways. The demigods shivered and the gods looked down at them with pity in their eyes. If you're a normal kid, reading this because you think its fiction, great. Read on. I envy you for being able to believe that none of this ever happened. But if you recognize yourself in these pages-if you feel something stirring inside-stop reading immediately. You might be one of us. And once you know that, it's only a matter of time before they sense it too, and they'll come for you. Don't say I didn't warn you. "Hey you didn't warn me" said Leo, Conner and Travis. My name is Percy Jackson. "No its Annabeth Chase" said Leo earning a smack from Piper and a glare from Annabeth. I'm twelve years old. Until a few months ago, I was a boarding student at Yankee Academy, a private School for troubled kids in upstate New York. Am I a troubled kid? "Yes you are seaweed brain, yeas you are" said Annabeth smiling at her boyfriend. Seeing the scene Athena wonders that could be her daughter dating the sea spawn. She really hoped that it was not the case. On the other hand Aphrodite also suspects some Love between the two. Yeah. You could say that. "Look he agrees with me" Annabeth said again. I could start at any point in my short miserable life to prove it, but things really started going bad last May, when our sixth-grade class took a field trip to Manhattan- twenty-eight mental-case kids and two teachers on a yellow school bus, heading to the Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at ancient Greek and Roman stuff. "Sounds fun" said Athena and Annabeth at the same time. "Like mother like daughter" said Apollo. Artemis smacked him across the head. "I think its torture" said Conner. I know-it sounds like torture. "No, I think like Percy" Conner yelled again dramatically. Everybody in the room ignored him. Most Yankee field trips were. But Mr. Brunner, our Latin teacher, was leading this trip, so I had hopes. Mr. Brunner was this middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair. He had thinning hair and a scruffy Beard and a frayed tweed jacket, which always smelled like coffee. "Sounds like Chiron" said Dionysus looking up from his magazine. You wouldn't think he'd be cool, but he told stories and jokes and let us play games in class. He also had this awesome collection of Roman armor and weapons, so he was the only teacher whose class didn't put me to sleep. I hoped the trip would be okay. At least, I hoped that for once I wouldn't get in trouble. "Percy there isn't a moment in your life in which you didn't got in trouble" Said Thalia. Poseidon wondered what type of trouble his son could get into. Boy was I wrong. See, bad things happen to me on field trips. Like at my fifth-grade school, when we went to the Saratoga battlefield, I had this accident with a Revolutionary War cannon. I wasn't aiming for the school bus, but of course I got expelled anyway. Everyone burst into fits of laughter. It took a while for the gods and demigods calmed down. "Why were you aiming for anything?" asked Piper. "It was five years ago I can't remember correctly" replied Percy. And before that, at my fourth-grade school, when we took a behind-the-scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool, I sort of hit the wrong lever on the catwalk and our class took an unplanned swim. Laughter was heard around the room. And the time before that... Well, you get the idea. "No Percy I didn't, tell me more" said Leo tinkering with some scarp Celestial Bronze. This trip, I was determined to be good. All the way into the city, I put up with Nancy Bobofit, the freckly, redheaded kleptomaniac girl, hitting my best friend Grover in the back of the head with chunks of peanut butter-and-ketchup sandwich. "Eww Peanut butter and ketchup, who eats that" said Aphrodite wrinkling her nose in disgust. Grover was an easy target. He was scrawny. He cried when he got frustrated. He must've been held back several grades, because he was the only sixth grader with acne and the start of a wispy beard on his chin. On top of all that, he was crippled. "Grover wouldn't like that description very much" informed Annabeth. He had a note excusing him from PE for the rest of his life because he had some kind of muscular disease in his legs. He walked funny, like every step hurt him, but don't let that fool you. You should've seen him run when it was enchilada day in the cafeteria. "He blew up his cover" groaned Dionysus. Everyone was amazed that he was paying attention to the book. Anyway, Nancy Bobofit was throwing wads of sandwich that stuck in his curly brown hair, and she knew I couldn't do anything back to her because I was already on probation. The headmaster had threatened me with death "What!" yelled Poseidon fuming. "Calm down Dad" Said Percy. by in-school suspension "Oh" was his simple answer and he calmed. If anything bad, embarrassing, or even mildly entertaining happened on this trip. "No fun" pouted Hermes and Apollo. "I'm going to kill her," I mumbled. Grover tried to calm me down. "It's okay. I like peanut butter." He dodged another piece of Nancy's lunch. "That's it." I started to get up, but Grover pulled me back to my seat. "You're already on probation," he reminded me. "You know who'll get blamed if anything happens." Looking back on it, I wish I'd decked Nancy Bobofit right then and there. In-school suspension would've been nothing compared to the mess I was about to get myself into. Mr. Brunner led the museum tour. He rode up front in his wheelchair, guiding us through the big echoey galleries, past marble statues and glass cases full of really old black-and-orange pottery. It blew my mind that this stuff had survived for two thousand, three thousand years. "More" said Athena. "It blows my mind too" said Nico surprising everyone because he was very quiet during the reading of the book. He gathered us around a thirteen-foot-tall stone column with a big sphinx on the top, and started telling us how it was a grave marker, a stele, for a girl about our age. He told us about the carvings on the sides. I was trying to listen to what he had to say, because it was kind of interesting, but everybody around me was talking, and every time I told them