Authors Note: All right, here we go gang. Been a LONG time since I tried my hand at the FanFic game so let's see how this goes. I've had this general idea percolating around in my brain for some time now so I finally decided to get it down on paper. At the moment I've got twelve chapters written and it's nearly 60k words in length so I'm not being stingy here. This is definitely going to be an AU story with my own twist on the whole Soul Bond concept. I'm going to stick roughly close to canon up through fourth year, possibly fifth, that's where it's going to take a sharp left into the twilight zone and we'll be totally off the map from then on. I'll be doing it like the book series, one year per story so I'll try to upload this one say once a week or so and then with any luck I'll spend a few weeks, hammer out half the sequel and continue. I've already got a bunch of little scenes sprinkled throughout the rest of the books that have come to mind written up that I think should be fun and I'm looking forward to getting to them. This is going to be a Harry/multi story. But I do have a real reason for it too, it's not just an excuse to pair Harry up with multiple girls. It's going to be Harry/Hermione/Daphne/Susan So without further ado, chapter one of Soul Scars Soul Scars by, Rtnwriter In the Wizarding world there are many great and wondrous things alongside just as many terrible things. Magic is an amazing tool to perform good works but it has just as much potential to be turned to evil. Of the many amazing things that can be done with magic or are done because of magic, none is said to be greater than the bonding between two souls. When a witch and a wizards magic and soul both resonate in perfect harmony with each other they are said to be soul mates, a concept known even in the muggle world. But as with all things, there are two sides to every coin. Soul mates share a distinct relationship, and if that relationship ever progresses to a true bonding of their souls then what happens to one can happen to the other until it has stabilized. Any mark, any scar inflicted upon one bond mate will appear on the other, no matter where they are. Soul Scars, they're known as. A phenomenon known to every man, woman, and child in the Wizarding world. Few believe them to be real though as a true soul bond is such a rare occurrence. They are only too real, however, and the greatest story yet untold involving scars of the soul will be key to saving everyone. It will take embracing the scars, and the path walked in retrieving them to truly bring forth the light to drown out the darkness. ##### Lord Voldemort bit back the urge to sigh, frustration mounting in his chest. The silly girl hadn't the good sense given to a niffler when she refused to step out of the way and let him get on with his purpose. As the acid green light of the killing curse struck her he turned away, not even noticing the soft, golden glow that surrounded her body as she fell. "Harry Potter," he said, his voice a sibilant hiss as he approached the crib. Standing inside, his little hands clutching at the crib railing stood a fifteen month old boy, a shock of unruly black hair crowning his head and brilliant green eyes regarding the Dark Lord with an intensity he had rarely seen even in witches and wizards ten or twenty times his age. " The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord, " he hissed. "There is no way I will let you grow up to one day destroy me. This is where you meet your end, Harry Potter." He lifted his hand, and gestured with the yew wand he held loosely between long, spidery fingers. "Avada Kedavra!" he spat and a vicious smile split his face as a flash of green light shot from the tip of his wand and struck the boy right in his forehead. Avada Kedavra. The killing curse. A curse that did no physical damage, yet tore the soul from a living being and ripped it asunder. When the curse struck the child though, something unimaginable happened. A golden nimbus surrounded him and he felt, though he couldn't understand, the love and protection of his mother surrounding him as her soul, so recently parted from her body, fought against the terrible curse directed at her child. As the curse filtered through the tattered remnants of his mothers protection the soul of a child was fractured and split. One portion remained within his body as the skin of his forehead split open and the blood began to flow. Three other portions were torn free to float before him, unable to rejoin with the rest of him as long as the taint of evil magic remained on him. The resulting explosion from the spell backlash happened so fast that the Dark Lord Voldemort didn't even have time to blink much less react as a wave of power rippled outward from the tiny form in the crib and his body was ripped to shreds by the wall of energy. The wall of the room erupted outwards in an explosion that was heard miles away. Back at the tiny cottage in Godrics Hollow there was no one left to watch as three wisps of golden energy floated out through the shattered wall and suddenly sped away into the night, drawn to those that could nurture and protect them. ##### In the Ministry of Magic, there exist many departments, each dealing with a portion of Wizarding society. None of them are more shrouded in secrecy than the Department of Mysteries, hidden deep within the ministry itself. In the early hours of the morning, there was no one present throughout much of the Ministry, and thus, there was no one to notice the tree on the wall of a certain room. Hardly anyone ever entered that room. It was a room where the Unspeakables studied some of the most potent, most powerful magics that existed anywhere in the world. And in that room there was a chart, like a family tree that spread across one entire wall. Dozens of feet high and more wide it listed every living witch or wizard in Great Britain. Lines connected various names. Lines that indicated parents, siblings, spouses, and potential soul mates. Parents and siblings were connected by a simple, black dotted line to indicate the familial relationship between them. Spouses were connected by a solid red line to show they were married and their marriage was recognized by both Wizarding law and by magic itself. Soul mates were connected by a gleaming silver dotted line until they met and if they ever entered into a relationship then those lines would become solid. There were only a handful of solid silver lines on the entire wall. On the night of November 1st, 1981, the name Harry James Potter flashed once, twice, a third time, and from his name three silver dotted lines extended outward. When the lines reached the names of three young witches all four names flashed again and the simple dotted lines grew and thickened into a solid unbroken silver bar connecting their names together. A moment later they flashed again, the brilliance of the light bathing the entire room in a soothing glow before fading away, leaving three gleaming golden lines connecting the four names together. Slowly, silver dotted lines extended out as all the names on the wall shifted and moved, creating a clear space for the four names to occupy. Each witch was connected to the name Harry Potter by the gleaming golden lines. Each witch was also connected to the others with simple dotted silver lines. No one would notice for several years to come. ##### There was a quiet crack that split the still night air in the early evening on a small residential street in Crawley. A tall, bald man with dark skin and a gold hoop earring in one ear took stock of his surroundings for a moment before pulling a slender wooden stick from one sleeve and waving it about in an intricate pattern, all the while muttering under his breath. When he felt the magic take hold he strode forward confidently, red and white robes swirling around his legs as he walked. He noted the house he was looking for easily enough as he approached, the muggle police vehicle parked outside being a fair giveaway and as he approached he heard a child scream from inside the house and every bit of glass blew out of the windows, littering the snow covered front lawn. He cursed under his breath as the tingle of accidental magic passed over him and his confident walk turned into a sprint as he rushed into the house, wand flicking back and forth as jets of light shot from the end to strike several of the muggles inside the home. It was utter chaos. At least four bobbies collapsed bonelessly to the ground as his stunners struck them. Standing in the center of an overturned family room were a man and a woman with a young girl clutched between them, looks of utter terror etched on their faces. "Mr. And Mrs. Granger?" he asked in a deep, smooth voice. The indicated individuals flinched, eyes wide, their arms wrapped protectively around the small form held between them. Above their linked arms all he could see was a shock of bushy brown hair and a pair of fear filled, cinnamon colored eyes peering at him. "Who the hell are you?" the man snapped, his face flushed with fear and rage. "What the hell is going on here?" "Mr. Granger, my name is Kingsley Shacklebolt, I'm an Auror with the Ministry of Magic and I'm here because we detected some rather strong magic occurring at this residence." "Magic? Are you completely off your nut?" Kingsley sighed. This was going to be difficult. "I assure you magic is real and I promise I'll explain everything to you as best I can but first can you tell me what's happening? Why are your police here?" Surreptitiously he cast a low powered cheering charm at the three of them, hoping to cut through some of the obvious panic he could feel in the room and quickly get to the heart of the matter. Dan Granger was not a man that was quick to anger. At a little over six feet tall he was broad shouldered and in excellent shape, a holdover from his time as a younger man in the military and knew that he struck a somewhat intimidating figure. The events of the past several months however had done much to fray his usually calm nerves and left him with a tenuous grip on his temper. "I don't sodding know!" he snapped. "We don't know what's been happening. They're saying we're abusing our daughter but we have never hurt her, we just don't know where they're coming from!" Kingsley motioned toward the couch behind them. "Please, can we all sit down and discuss this calmly?" he asked. "I'll do my best to help but we need to find out exactly what's been happening." It took some time, longer than he would have liked, but eventually he got the Granger family to sit and he waved his wand, causing the overturned furniture and broken fixings to quickly right and repair themselves. Another wave and a tea set appeared on the low coffee table in front of them. Emma Granger, as she'd been introduced to him, jumped at first but then peered curiously at