Chapter 1- Scorpius Scorpius Malfoy did not grow up to be a nice man. He found the description rather insulting, in fact. People who were taken as 'nice' had usually no other distinguishing traits and were, therefore, quite boring in his opinion. He was a very complex individual and he took pride in that. His interests were very peculiar and he had no time for people who did not aspire to be more than simply, well, average. And that is precisely why he wanted to gauge both of his eyeballs out if he had to listen to Torrance Le Marc's annoying, high-pitched voice for one more second. He politely smiled once more at her and watched her light blue eyes twinkle. She took the gesture as an encouragement for her to keep telling him about the 'beautiful gown she got for the Beauxbatons ball this Fall' when in fact, it was more of a 'kill me now' smile. Scorpius found Torrance to be perfectly nice, just as his Mother had described when she introduced them an hour ago but, unfortunately, her 'nice' tone was incredibly boring and futile, if not a little spoiled. "… You should definitely come visit us in France this Summer, I'll be more than happy to show you around our gardens." She stated flashing him her best smile, making sure he saw her oversized breasts as she pushed her blonde hair over her shoulder. "That sounds lovely but, unfortunately, my family already has plans of traveling to Greece this Summer." He said, relieved that his Father has decided to make him learn all about the Greek branch of the family business. "Such pity, Scorpy… I was really looking forward to spending more time with you." He watched her eyes sadden and her thin lips form into a pout that was supposed to be sexy. Scorpius cringed at her use of his nickname and desperately looked around the room for a possible saviour from such a terrible conversation. The room was filled with the high 'Pureblood elite' as his Grandfather put it, wizards and witches from around Europe that were acquaintances of his family. Scorpius knew very well the reason for this boisterous and unnecessary party, even if his Grandmother tried to deny it. These were gatherings meant to set the young Pureblood suitors up with other acceptable families and, Scorpius wanted nothing to do with it. He caught Julius Görnert's eye across the room and hoped that even if they weren't exactly friends at Hogwarts, he would take pity upon his soul and try to strike up a conversation. Julius was originally from Germany and him and his brother attended Hogwarts even though his family still lived in Wizarding Frankfurt. Both were in Ravenclaw with Julius starting sixth-year with Scorpius and Jürgen, his older brother, in seventh-year now. "Scorpius! Glad I found you, your Mother has been looking for you everywhere!" He turned around to meet with Cassandra Sakalis' big blue eyes. He sighed in relief. "Of course, where did you last see her?" "Right around the garden, I'll take you there if you'd like." She smiled innocently but her eyes sparkled with knowing mischief. "Thank you. I apologize Torrance but, I will have to leave you. Hopefully we shall see each other soon." Scorpius said as he nodded to her, hoping to leave the conversation as soon as possible. "I'll see you around!" Cassie and Scorpius were already walking away as she waved goodbye, looking defeated. "I cannot even begin to thank you for that save." He stated when they turned into the gardens and were safely out of earshot. "You looked like you were watching puppies drown in there, I couldn't let a fellow Slytherin suffer that much." She giggled and grabbed a drink off of one of the tables, making sure to slip some alcohol into the cup discreetly. "These parties are the reason I have nightmares at night." She continued, "My Mother insists on me finding an 'agreeable suitor' to take me to the Ball this year and I can't even look at these men. They are absolutely vile." Now it was Scorpius' turn to down his Firewhiskey. "I believe you. If I had to listen to one more thing about a peep-toe or sequins - whatever those are - I would most likely, Avada myself. And it's not like I can't find my own future wife or a woman for that matter." He complained. "Oh, I'm sure it's not your ability to get a witch in your bed that they question, if they know anything about you, Malfoy." She laughed. "It's more of your ability to find a suitable witch and, keep her." Truth was, Malfoy was quite emotionally unavailable. He had experienced physical pleasure with two or three witches but, he felt as though they only were attracted to him due to his wealth, as they were all family acquaintances whom he had a casual relationship last Summer. Scorpius was usually quite uninterested towards the girls in his year and thought they were either too prudish, too young or too out there for his tastes. "Of course." He rolled his eyes and took one more gulp of the burning liquor. "I just don't understand why my parents still put up with all of this bullshit since they no longer believe in it." Scorpius watched as Cassandra glanced at his mother, Astoria Malfoy, politely laughing at a joke some older wizard he did not recognize told. "They want what's best for you." She looked back at him kindly, a gesture that was sincere, something very hard to achieve for a Slytherin such as herself. "Besides, it's your Grandparents they want to please and they are old, you don't know how much longer you have with them." He nodded, understanding her point. It wasn't old age that would eventually take his Grandparents, specially his Grandfather, Lucius. It was the disasters of their past. Years of evil, Dark Magic and Azkaban eventually caught up to you, even if you were a rich, powerful wizard. "Thank Merlin I found you, Scorp. Firewhiskey and ditch?" Basilius Zabini said as he approached Scorpius, looking just as miserable as the both of them. "Oh, hello Cassie. Looking gorgeous as always." He flashed her a smile and winked suggestively. "Thanks, Zabini." She said, rolling her eyes. "I'll leave you boys to it, looks like my Mother finally realized I haven't been talking to Flint as I said I would." Cassie said staring at the not so pleased face of her Mother, fast walking in their direction, probably demanding an explanation. "I say we get out of here before our own Mothers realize our absence." Zabini said as he pulled Scorpius behind an ice sculpture, hoping to hide for a little longer. "And where do you suggest we run of to? If you haven't realized, this is my house." "Obviously not here, you bimwit. Let's find Alex, grab some booze and Floo to Potter's. I heard James is having a rager tonight." He said grabbing Scorpius' drink from his hand and downing it in one gulp. Alexander Nott, another one of his friends from childhood was also wandering about the house, being from a Pureblood family as well and having to suffer through the same gatherings as them both. "We can't all just leave now, and besides, Al's is not starting until nighttime. We have hours to kill." Surprisingly enough, Scorpius' best friend was Albus Potter. A fact that not only shocked both of their families but also the two boys when they were eleven. Scorpius wasn't quite sure how they had become so close over the last five years but, somewhere in between Quidditch, dorm life and a complicated family in both parts, the two bonded and were inseparable ever since. It was easy for Scorpius to understand Al and vice-versa. Al felt that his family expected so much of him due to his Father's success and Scorpius felt like he, alone, needed to make the Malfoy name honorable again due to his Father's mistakes. Once they both understood that, it was easy to be friends. Bas and Alex on the other hand, were a little more difficult to persuade. Even though Scorpius knew the two since birth - it being a Pureblood tradition to have children around the same age so that they could potentially be friends or mate - he grew up with not only them but with a lot of other Pureblood kids. Bas and Alex were always two peas in a pod and Scorpius felt as though he ended up bossing them around instead of being friends with them - a result of being raised as an only child. Once he got to Hogwarts, however, he had to grow out of his ways fairly quickly and now the four of them were as close as ever. "Bullocks, you're right. Pray to Merlin that there's enough Firewhiskey to get me through today." Bas said running his hand through his dark hair. "And it's only the first week of Summer." Hours later, Scorpius' face hurt from smiling forcibly and his neck was quite sore from nodding so much but, for the first time that entire day, he felt excited. It was almost time to sneak out of the house. The plan was a little more elaborate than Scorpius predicted but, he was confident. His parents were incredibly punctual with their sleeping schedules and that is what Scorpius was counting on tonight. It had been exactly 8 minutes since he said goodnight downstairs and it took them about 23 to get into bed and settled down for sleep. If his Dad decided to take his Night Potion tonight to get a peaceful sleep he could get up in about 8 minutes to leave but, he was going to give them 13 just to be sure. His Phoenix 5000 stood proud by his desk, begging him to give it a spin. He would have to walk out of the grounds as to not alarm the wards, then fly off on his broom to the pub over the hill so that he could Floo over to Albus' house. It was an intricate plan but, it was the safest way there and back. Albus' parents were out of the country and left James, of all people, in charge. Which obviously meant that a party was in order. Supposedly, the Weasleys were supposed to keep an eye on them but apparently Albus' Aunt Hermione had a celebration with her parents, which are Muggles so, even more perfect. Ten more minutes and he would be good to go. This was the last chance they had to have fun together before everyone left for the Summer. He was off to Greece until the very end of August, Bas was going to Italy to spend a few months with his Grandmother, Alex was going to Portugal and Albus would be occupied with the Weasley clan, as always. He was hoping, most of all, that his Father would allow him to train some Quidditch while abroad since he had just learned that Albus was going to the Captain this year and the team needed to be in top shape if they had any chance of winning the Cup. Nine minutes. He thought about Rose Weasley, Albus' favorite cousin and Scorpius' favorite Weasley. Rose was probably the only person in his year that managed to come head-to-head with him on every test, a fact that put a damper on their friendship for quite some time as both of them are very competitive and wanted - still do - to hold the title of top student of their year. Eventually, with Albus' persistency, both of the realized that they were stronger together and Scorpius was able to help Rose in Arithmancy and Potions while she helped him in Transfiguration and Muggle Studies. Sometimes Scorpius forgot that Rose was actually a girl and not just one of them,