Lord of the Rings – Possession of an Elf Set towards the end of ROTK when Aragorn "calls out" the Orcs in Mordor. AU from there, on. Summary: When one of their own is taken by Sauron, how will what's left of the fellowship get him back? What will happen to Frodo and Sam? Please R/R. Let me know what you think. This is the first LOTR story I've posted so be nice. It's kind of a one shot so let me know if you like it. PlainItalics are Legolas Italics inside - - are thoughts Words bold andinside - - are spoken in elvish Aragorn watched Sauron's eye start to shake and blink. - He's done it! - He thought to himself about Frodo. Suddenly a flash of light streaked past him from the eye. He spun to see it engulf his best friend. Legolas cried out as he felt the power enter him and fell to his knees. Everyone backed away, the brave army of men turning cowardly. Legolas's hair slowly began to turn black, starting from the roots, all the way to the very tips. His skin darkened slightly, as if he were getting a tan from the sun that was setting. He rose to his feet and lifted his head. Aragorn stepped back in surprise at the sight before him. Legolas opened his eyes and, to everyone's horror, they were no longer their bright blue color but a dark brown, almost black, instead. An evil sounding chuckle escaped his no longer pale lips. "The ring is not destroyed." He spoke. His voice sounded low and distorted, evil, unlike an elf; a mix of Legolas and another voice that must have belonged to Sauron. "It will be mine again." He walked straight at Aragorn and punched him, making the tall, strong man fall to the ground. Legolas kept walking toward the now open black gate, where the Orcs moved aside and let him through. Another figure joined him, and they all recognized him as Frodo. The Hobbit's eyes were darker than usual and held an evil glare and the ring, instead of being around his neck it was on his finger. Sam, however, was nowhere to be seen. The Orcs started toward the small army, ready to kill. "Retreat." Aragorn tried to shout but it came out as a whisper. "Retreat!" He said again, this time he yelled it. He knew that this was a fight that they could not win that day. The Orcs started to go after them but the new voice of Legolas stopped them. "Let them go this time. We must grow more Uru'kai, then we will destroy all men." He told them before turning and walking back to his great tower. They stopped their chase and turned to follow him back behind the black gate. Aragorn looked over his shoulder as they rode away to see the black gate close and didn't know what to feel or think. They stopped at what they thought was a safe distance and made camp. Gimli sat heavily down in front of a newly lit fire across from Merry and Pippin. Gimli and Gandalf started arguing over what they were going to do, how they were going to save Legolas. "There's nothing we can do!" Gandalf told the Dwarf. "We have to do something!" Gimli shouted back. "We can just leave them!" Merry jumped in. "Enough!" They all turned at the sound of Aragorn's voice. "We'll get no where by arguing. There is only one thing I can think of to do. I must ride to Mirkwood and retrieve someone who may be able to help us." He walked away from them and vaulted onto Brego. "What do we do until you return?" Merry asked. Pippin was unusually quiet and he was a little worried. "The only thing you can do. Wait." Aragorn turned Brego and kicked him into a gallop and soon the two were out of sight. (Mordor) Legolas/Sauron walked up the dark stairs of the tower, brows knitted in frustration. I'm still here . A voice whispered in his head. I'll always be here . Sauron stopped and shook the head he was currently occupying and then continued up the stairs. "Having problems keeping the elf quiet?" A voice said from behind him. He looked slightly over his shoulder and saw Frodo standing there with a mischievously evil gleam in his eyes. "It's none of your concern." Sauron answered as they enter the main camber with a balcony that over looked all of Mordor. "I have sent some of the Uru'kai to find Sam and bring him back here. Alive." Frodo told him. Sauron raised an eyebrow. "Alive? Why do you need him alive?" He asked. "What fun would it be if he was dead?" Frodo asked before turning and leaving the room. Sauron watched him leave trying to figure out how he was going to get the ring off the Hobbit's finger. You'll never get it . The voice said almost tauntingly. It'll never be yours. Neither will I . It was two days before Aragorn reached the borders of the Mirkwood forest. He had been there several times before, but it had been a few years since his last visit to the realm of the woodland elves. He slowed Brego to a walk and went carefully through the thick forest. He was being watched, he knew it. "I am here to speak with Princess Midori. It is about the prince." He shouted to his invisible watchers. He heard something land on the ground behind him and Brego jumped. Aragorn turned in his seat and smiled at the elf behind him. "I was unaware you were a princess Mon'tu." He joked. "The Princess is in the palace where she is supposed to be, Estel." The elf, Mon'tu, answered. "Midori is never where she is supposed to be, but if she is in the palace then that is where I must go. It is a matter of great importance." Aragorn told him. "You know how to get there. Your passage there is safe." Mon'tu told him. Aragorn nodded to him and led Brego on, going as fast as the forest would allow. He made it there faster than he had before. He ran up the steps past the guards and through the halls. He came to the end of the hall where there was a door and stopped. "Come in Estel." A voice said from inside the room before he could knock. He smiled and opened the door. "I felt your presence enter Mirkwood. You are troubled." Midori said after he closed the door. He smiled at the green-eyed princess in front of him. "Always very perceptive, aren't you?" He said as he sat down in front of her. "I have my moments. Besides, I can see it in your eyes. What can I do for you, Estel?" Midori asked. Aragorn took a deep breath. "Sauron has taken Legolas captive. He is using him as his own body. We need your help." He told as he watched her soft, neutral expression turn to horror. "How?" She finally managed to say. "We do not know. Will you come back with me?" He asked. "Yes. I must inform his father first." She said as they both stood. "I will tell him. You get your things together." He told her. She nodded and he bowed before leaving the room to find King Thranduil. (However you spell it) It didn't take Aragorn long to find the king but when he did he had to tell him the news. Thranduil said he would come, but Aragorn insisted he stay with his people. "I will bring him back. You have my word." Aragorn told him. "Try to bring him back alive. Please." Thranduil said. Aragorn bowed and left the throne room. He found Midori waiting for him in the halls. "Estel! Princess!" A voice called to them. They turned to see Mon'tu jogging toward them. "I wish to come with you. If the Prince is in trouble, I wish to help." He told them. "He would come even if we told him to stay." Midori told Aragorn. "Alright. Let's go." They left the palace and Aragorn jumped onto Brego. Midori and Mon'tu brought two horses out of the stables and climbed on them. They left the clearing the palace was in and headed through the woods. "We must ride hard and fast. It took me two days to get here." Aragorn said as they reached the edge of Mirkwood. The two elves nodded and they all took off in the direction of Mordor. "I hope he gets back soon. I want to help Legolas and Frodo. Sam too if he's still alive" Merry said as they finished their lunch. "As do I, young Merry." Gimli told him. Pippin stood suddenly and walked away. "He's been very quiet lately." Gandalf observed. Pippin took out his pipe and stared to smoke it. Merry frowned. It wasn't like Pippin to want to be alone or to be so quiet. Merry shook his head and walked into his tent for a nap. As night came and dinner was finished and they all went to sleep, no one saw or heard Pippin climb on to a pony, leave the encampmentand head for Mordor. He rode as quickly as the pony could go until he reached the black gates. "Sauron! I wish to enter!" He yelled and waited. "Sauron, I wish to join you!" After a moment the doors creaked open loudly and he went through, hoping the Orcs wouldn't eat him. He stopped after he heard the gate close and jumped down from the pony. He spotted stairs and looked up them. At the top stoop two figures and he recognized them as Legolas and Frodo. Legolas/Sauron walked slowly down the steps until he reached the Hobbit. "You wish to join me?" He asked. Pippin nodded and bowed. "Aragorn is coming and he has two riders with him." One of the soldiers said running up to Gandalf. "Good. Thank you. Gimli, get the Hobbits up." He told the dwarf. Gimli got up and went to Merry and Pippin's tent. "Come Hobbits. Aragorn is back." He said. Merry emerged with a piece of paper. "Where's Pippin?" Gimli asked. "Gone." He said handing the paper to Gimli and walking toward Gandalf. The Dwarf lifted the paper shook his head. "Gandalf. Look." He said, handing the paper to the wizard. Gandalf frowned at Merry's sad look and took the paper. "It says, 'I'm sorry but I cannot stay. I must do something to help Frodo, Sam and Legolas. Goodbye. Pippin.' He's gone to Mordor, the fool." He said as Aragorn wrote up with Midori and Mon'tu. "What is it?" Aragorn asked, seeing Gandalf cross expression and Merry's sad one, as he dismounted. "Pippin's gone to Mordor. His note says, 'I must do something to help Frodo, Sam and Legolas.' I think his mind has been clouded by the palantir." Gandalf explained. He turned to the two elves beside Aragorn and bowed. "Welcome Princess Midori. And you are?" He asked looking at the he-elf. "I am Mon'tu. Warrior in the Mirkwood army and friend of the Prince. It is an honor to meet you Mithrandir." Mon'tu said bowing to the wizard. Gandalf nodded back and turned back to Aragorn. "If we are going to try and save Legolas and the hobbits, we must think of what we are going to do." He told the man. Aragorn nodded and they all sat down. Saurun walked in circles around Pippin, looking him up and down. They had gone back up the stairs Saurun had come down and into the tower. "Why do you wish to join me?" He asked the hobbit. Pippin kept his eyes straight ahead, not looking at the evil looking Legolas. "I want to be on the stronger side. I believe this is the stronger side. The