"I never think of the future. It comes soon enough" - Albert Einstein. Chapter 1 Current State "Mom, are you certainly demolishing half of the house is not such a good idea? We could simply redecorate the interior design, perhaps something a bit more contemporary? I'm sure Rose will not be so contemptuous when she realizes her room was going to be eliminated to extend 'Daddy's new study' . Let us gather some other ideas instead, something in which we could incorporate some of this design without having to stir some of the tempers in a household full of emotional vampires." "Mmm… I believe you are right dear. She sure may lose her temper-" "Mother, lose her temper? Are you aware of what you are implying? Losing her temper is a mere understatement! the word monsoon would fit much better. This household will experience the true destruction of Rosalie's hand!" "Just like it happened in Aspen." Her mother features darkening by the memory. Is hard to believe that after so many decades that time still hunts her as much. Realizing that if I didn't continue Esme's mind would go on hyper-drive I continued, "Why don't we save us the hassle and spare some serenity to poor Jasper; and you. Create a new design" "Very well then." In a swift motion, Esme tossed the blueprints to the side and began to work on a brand-new sheet. In a way, I felt terribly sorry that I had brought her hopes down, but believe me when I say that I was saving us both from the ravaging monster hands. Giggling a little at the thought of Rosalie as one of the monsters from 'Where the Wild Things Are' story. I shook my head side to side and stood up from the chair across her mahogany desk, directing my voice her way, I spoke. "Esme, I'll go ahead and get ready for school. Should you need me for anything, do not hesitate and let me know." "Go ahead dear. Make sure not to mention my last design to Rosalie. Or else I will have to deal with her ramblings for quite some time. Once I figure this out I will let you know." "I will be waiting." Smiling at her as I tapped my index finger to my temples, she smiled tenderly at my action. She knew I will see the outcome of her decision even before she had the need to call for me. Walking closer to the desk, she quickly stood up and wrapped her delicate granite arms around my waist. Sharing the tenderly embrace, she then kissed my forehead softly. My eyes closed and I could not help but to bask in the moment. My eyes were still shut while she brushed her fingers in my derailed and rebellious pointy locks she tapped my nose lightly. "I am sure you will, my little Gracious Crumb!" I laughed at the personal pet name she had for me. Thankfully she was the only one who used it, when we were privately spending some mother and daughter time. Though everyone knew it, no one dared to use it. They knew well how much it bothered her when they used her unique way of loving me . Standing at 4' feet 11" inches, with Onyx pointy locks, astonishing body complexion and ballerina stance, there was no mistaking that I was truly her Gracious Crumb. Kissing her lovingly in the cheek I walked outside her office. Before I closed the door though, I turned to look at her one last time. "I Love you mom." "Love you too sweetheart. Have an exceptional day. Be safe dear." "Likewise," With that, I closed her door behind me and walked towards my room. Everyone else seemed to be already downstairs waiting for the grandfather clock to reach the 7:45am. That was our mark to direct ourselves to another monotone day at Forks High School. Don't misinterpret me, perhaps Forks was one of the only places on earth I cherished the most. This place is the only one out of all the others that truly feels like home. Ninety percent of the time it was raining or dark enough for a coven of seven gracious vampires to have something close to a normal human life . I finally made it to my room. Opening the door in one swift movement I noticed Jasper was not there waiting for me, as he usually did. Not paying too much mind to the matter, I walked in and sat on the edge of my king size bed. Though we, as vampires, really did not sleep, the bed was a necessity (at least in my case). It was a good place to relax and meditate, as well as to spend quality time in Jasper's embrace. 5:50am was displayed in the clock on my nightstand. I realized then we still had about an hour and half to head to school. Why can time just fly? Shaking my head side to side, a laughing at the childish though, I laid back on my king-size bed. Closing my eyes, I began to reminisce how our new human lifetime here for the past couple of years had played out. Esme, which was my Mom by all intent of purposes usually stayed at home, working on her blueprints and in the house (to make of it a much adequate sanctuary for her children and husband) , so she proclaims. But for this time around, or let's just say that every time we resided in Forks, she always played the role of stay at home mom. Which she really has no problem with, she enjoys it to its fullest. She has a little over seven degrees on Interior Design and Architecture under her belt, as well as a few PhD's in Psychiatry. Now Carlisle, or Dad , is the Chief of staff in Forks Community Hospital. He is holding over 20 degrees in medicine, making him the best Doctor in the country (well, not that everyone knows he has that many degrees under him) and did I forget to mention the fact that he is an over 300-year-old vampire with way too much experience? During this time around, he was playing the role of Dr. Carlisle Cullen, PhD, Associate Professor of Neuroscience. You see, a variety of magazines, medical websites, and television channels (Times magazine, Popular Science, National Geographic; Discovery Channel, to name a few) constantly had a special article or documentary on my father's medical impact in society and science itself. What drove the media insane and every single one of them could not quite grasp was, why such prodigy of science resided in the small town of Forks? Why was he not willing to move to a much more recognized city? Every time there was an all too rare case for other Doctors around the country, the patients where send to Carlisle. Somehow , and miraculously he always seemed to be able to find the breakthrough in every case, gaining him a couple of novel prices along the way. Both Esme and Carlisle have been the only parents I have ever known. I would have loved to know who and how it was like to be a human. The feeling of lost was a mere understatement when life reminded me of my glitch . I don't hold any memories of my human life, any. Which looking at it from different perspectives, is both a fortunate and unfortunate event. In a way, I believe that if I don't hold any of those memories, there must me a potential reason. Carlisle says my brain has experienced such glitch for the past 116 years for reasons I'll come to terms with in time. Time is limitless for me, I suppose I don't mind waiting. Of what I am one hundred percent sure though, is that their love has been one of the most exceptional and genuine displays of kindness and affection in ages. To any other couple out there, their love story was what everyone dreamed of. It isn't just the fairy tale love, but simply the way they held themselves and the family. They were genuinely meant to be life partners. Till this day, I could not be anything but gracious and thankful to know destiny has placed me in their path. Edward, Rosalie, and Emmett could be considered my siblings, Carlisle created them; as well as Esme, when the time was required. This event made them truly linked by blood to both my parents. Jasper and myself joined them about sixty years ago, making us their adoptive children . Though we were adopted, that never stopped any of them from accepting us and opening their home (as well as their lifeless heart) to us. The first decade was probably the hardest to get used to. Maybe not because they made it difficult, but because Jasper and I were simply used to the nomad life (no vegetarian lifestyle included) and the thought of been part of a clan never really had crossed our minds… till that night at the dinner when I first met Jasper . That brings me to Jasper, my sweet dearest Jasper; My soulmate, or so I thought a couple of decades ago. Though the last couple of years between us have somewhat cooled off the romantic side of our relationship, he was still that rock that held me high in my times of struggle and pain. C ompanionship more than anything else was what kept us holding to the title of 'Soulmates'. What I'm trying to say is, that the passionate flame that started our relationship had slowly dissipated. Though we still had our intimate moments from time to time, it was more out of lustful fulfillment than anything else. Plus, the visions I was experiencing as of late, added fuel to the perplexing feelings, causing us to distant ourselves even more from any kind of romantic ties. We were aware that once we had found our true soulmate , we were free to part and follow our destiny. I believe it was the genuine love we still felt for each other (because there was unmistakably and immense amount of love and appreciation towards him), that it allowed us to let the other one go and love someone else, if we had found true love and happiness. Our family was not aware of such, I'm sure it won't make too much sense to them whenever the truth becomes known. Well only Esme knew, but she had kept it to herself for a little over a decade. Is everything ok Jasper? – The message appeared in the thin device's screen on my now shaky hands. Fingertips were now hovering over the send button. Knot on my throat already building at the thought of something ever happening to him. Why was I thinking this way? This sudden feeling came over me, something that I could only take as a sign that I needed to send that text. Ten minutes went buy, and no answer. Damn it! During this academic year, Emmet and Jasper where playing the role of high school seniors. Leaving Edward, Rosalie, and myself to play the role of juniors. In Forks High, we were the center of attention, though no one really seemed to have the courage to interact with us. I believe everyone's six senses kicked in every time we were but mere feet away from them, causing them all to avoid us at all cost. To the humans we all were Dr. and Mrs. Cullen's foster's children . Rosalie and Jasper where supposedly Esme's twin nephew and nice, whose parents had died in a tragic accident. Edward, Emmett, and I were adopted along the way, because Esme was not able to conceive her own children. That story gave us popularity, being the teenage children from one of the most beautiful, youngest, and recognizable couple in Forks. However, what made the gossip erupt to