. -O- CHAPTER 1 The crackle of the fire in the Ravenclaw common room, combined with the low purr of the kitten in her lap, made it hard to concentrate on the words. Rose stroked her pet's yellow fur absentmindedly with one hand, holding up the book in the other, utterly determined to finish this chapter without nodding off. The footsteps that approached her blended in with the voices of the other students, the quiet scratching of quills and rustling of parchment, so she didn't notice her friend until he sat in the chair next to her and his hand reached to pet the kitten's head. "So, you got a cat over the summer," he said. Rose looked up and smiled at him. Lawrence Desrosiers was a tall, lanky blond, equal parts intelligence and sarcasm. One could hardly tell he was a foreigner most of the time—his English was as excellent as his well-coiffed hair—though on occasion, if he was excited or nervous, he had a tendency to slip into French. "Oh, that's right, you didn't get to see much of him on the train," she said, remembering that the two of them had to spend the ride in the prefects compartment while the cat remained with her luggage. The kitten leaned into Larry's hand and purred, making her chuckle. "I think he likes you." "I think I like him too," Larry said, a smile pulling on the corner of his mouth. "What's his name?" "Fitz," Rose replied. Larry's eyebrows immediately went up, his smile turning into more of a grin. "Fitz?" he repeated, amused. "Ah, well, Curly came to visit me over the summer and... convinced me to get him," she said, rather sheepishly. Curran "Curly" Fitzherbert was extremely hard to say no to, partly because he was very persuasive, and partly because he was as stubborn as a mule when convinced he was right. "You know how he is." Larry nodded. "Curly can convince the devil to go skiing." After a small pause, he added, "And it would probably be the best vacation of the devil's life." The two Ravenclaws laughed. "This was his birthday gift to me." Rose held up the book on pet care she was reading. "He thought a pet would do me some good. My parents weren't very happy, especially after the fourth vase he broke," she continued with a glance down at Fitz, stroking him affectionately. "He has so much energy." The kitten swiped at her hand playfully. "Takes after his namesake," Larry said, trying not to laugh. Rose chuckled. "He does." That was why she loved him. "Listen, he is terribly cute and all, but we do need to get going," Larry said, scratching Fitz behind the ears. "Lupin is taking this whole Head Boy thing very seriously." "Oh, right. Prefect rounds," Rose remembered. "I'll just leave this in my room and be down in a bit." He nodded. "I'll wait for you by the door." Rose picked up her wayward kitten and her book, and then headed up to the girls' dormitories. -O- "So, how was India?" she asked as the two of them rounded a corner on the third floor fifteen minutes later. "Oh, it was great. I got to ride an elephant." Rose's eyes became wide as tea plates. "An elephant? Really? I've never seen one before. What was that like? Did you measure its ears? I read they're wider than a full arm's length." Larry laughed. "I didn't whip out measuring tape and go for the ears, no. The ride made me kind of sick, actually." He grimaced at the memory. "So much worse than flying carpets." "Are flying carpets smoother?" Rose asked curiously. "Yeah. You've never been on one?" he said, surprised. She shook her head. "I'll buy you one for Christmas, then. We can ride it around Hogwarts." Now it was her turn to laugh. "Larry, flying carpets are illegal here. They're classified as Muggle objects." His eyebrows went up in surprise. "Really? Well, you'll just have to come visit me in France, then. The grounds of my father's estate are beautiful from a bird eye's view." Rose's eyes wandered to the ground. "I'm sure they are, and I would love to see them... But I'm not sure my father would let me travel abroad." Or anywhere. He frowned. "They can't keep you in that manor forever." She looked away. "I meant to ask you, by the way, if you've seen Moe today? I waited for him in the library for our Arithmancy study session, but he never showed up. That's not like him." Rose was usually the one to help other people with their studies, but things were getting difficult with the high number of NEWTs she was taking. Moses North was brilliant with numbers, and had offered to help when he saw the pressure she was under. "Oh, uh, about that..." Larry eyed her wearily. "Don't freak out, but he's actually in the Hospital Wing at the moment." Her head snapped to look at him. "Hospital Wing?!" she exclaimed, freaking out. "Is he okay?" "He is, he is," Larry said hastily. "They're just keeping him overnight. You know, hospital rules." "Why? What happened?" Rose insisted, heart hammering in her chest. "It wasn't that serious," he said. "Just one of his experiments went slightly wrong." "Slightly?" Rose interrupted, stopping in her tracks. "He's in a hospital!" "It's okay, Curly was there," Larry repeated reassuringly, coming to a stop as well and turning to face her. "A spell backfired, that's all." "Curly is not a Healer yet," Rose said grumpily, though the fear subsided – she had full confidence in Curly's magical abilities. "How bad is it? Have you seen him?" Larry nodded. "A few burns, nothing major. He's fine. A bit roughed up, maybe, but he'll live." Rose grimaced at that. "He's been through worse," Larry reminded her. "And he's tough; he can take it." "That doesn't make this okay," she countered sourly. Rose was aware that she was a bit coddling towards Moses, a boy who was nearly two heads taller than her and almost twice as broad, but could not help herself. She looked out the window, eyes soaring to the Hospital Wing. The lights were on inside. Was Moe there, she wondered? Was he that shadow on the left? "Hey." Larry's voice brought her back to the here and now. "Is that a student?" Rose followed his gaze down to the courtyard. A light crawled across the grounds, bobbing up and down as it went along. "I don't know," she said slowly. "This doesn't look like wand light..." She turned to look at him. "And why is it green?" His eyes remained on the strange glow. "Only one way to find out," he said. "Come on." "Wait!" Rose grabbed a hold of his sleeve. "Shouldn't we tell the teachers? I mean... what if it's not a student?" Larry looked at her. "By the time we do, they'll get away. And besides that, we are prefects, Rose, this is why we have rounds in the first place." He hesitated for a moment, then said, "If you're scared... you can wait for me here? I'll be back quickly." She shook her head firmly. "If you're going – I'm going." He gave her a reassuring smile. "I'm sure it's just someone sneaking out of bed after curfew. Hogwarts is the safest place in the world, right?" She nodded, still unsure. "Right." Besides, Larry was with her. What could go wrong? "Let's go." -O- The chilly September breeze whipped her blonde locks behind her shoulders as Rose followed Larry out the big oak door of the school. The distant light was now gleaming behind a window in Greenhouse Two. She had a very bad feeling about this but kept up with her friend, hand gripping the end of her wand. As they approached, he slowed their pace down, taking care to step as lightly as possible. When they made it to the door, Rose pulled on his sleeve and whispered, "Look." It was slightly ajar. The two teens exchanged a look, and Larry reached for the door, pushing it gently. Rose went in after him, the feeling of dread intensifying with each step. At the very bottom of the Greenhouse, where Professor Longbottom's office was located, another door lay open, flooding the room with soft green light. "They managed to get into a Professor's office…" Larry muttered. Rose felt very uneasy. The two prefects slipped inside and crept silently by a row of huge pots, bending down to hide in the plants. The light was now stationary, and the low rustling of paper sounded in the empty Greenhouse. Rose peeked between the foliage. The intruder's back was turned to her, as their lantern—the source of the odd green light—was perched on top of Professor Longbottom's desk. They were wearing a long hooded cloak, dark blue in colour, which moved as they opened drawers and rifled through papers. Fear rose up in Rose's chest – blue cloaks were definitely not part of the school uniform. She looked to Larry, unsure of what to do. "On three," he mouthed, holding up his wand. She nodded. "One." He stood up. "Tw—Ugh!" A Venomous Tentacula vine, which had silently wrapped around them, pulled them back abruptly, effectively squeezing the air out of their lungs. " Diffindo! " Larry croaked. The vine fell to the ground, and so did Rose, crumbling to her knees. Larry reached for her arm and helped her up, but it was too late – the cloaked figure had spotted them. It turned around sharply, and its elbow bumped into Professor Longbottom's beloved Mimbulus Mimbletonia, which stood on the far right end of the desk. It immediately started oozing stinksap over the piece of parchment the cloaked person was holding, evoking a disgusted sound from them as they dropped it and reached inside a brown satchel hanging from their shoulder. There was a hiss, a low metallic sound as something rolled onto the floor, and with a flourish of the cloak, the figure ducked under the desk. Then came the explosion. A white flash blinded Rose completely. Her body was thrown back by the impact, colliding into the clay pots behind her, which broke under her weight. A high-pitched noise drowned out everything else, accompanied by a sharp, pulsating pain in her head. For a few minutes all she could do was lay in the dirt, waiting for the world to take solid shape again. Something moved below her and crawled up her leg, but with another smudged flash of light, it slithered off. Through the noise, she could hear a distant, muffled voice calling for her. Rose forced her wandering consciousness to focus. A hand gripped her shoulder, shaking it gently. "Rose! Rose, say something, are you okay?" She pushed herself up into a sitting position, her head spinning like a top. "Larry?" she muttered. A figure was looming over her, smudged and out of focus. "Come on." His arm wrapped around her and pulled her up. "We need to get you out of here." Rose staggered and leaned on him, her kneecaps about as firm as butter. Broken glass crunched under her shoes as they made their way across the oddly bright greenhouse and over a broken wall. The cold air helped her concentrate, and she noticed it was easier to breathe. Looking over her shoulder, Rose finally registered that Professor Longbottom's office was on fire. Once they were far enough away, Larry set her back on the ground. "Are you hurt?" he asked, moving a few locks of hair from her face. "I don't think so... Just dizzy," she replied. "You?" "Other than the broken ear drums and the burnt retinas?" he said dryly, but then added in a more serious tone, "I'm fine." Rose quickly inspected him for injuries. "Your sleeve is torn," she noted. The rush of panic did not help her