Katniss was up high enough and in tight enough to the tree that Glimmer's arrows couldn't touch her. With all the training Glimmer must have received over the years, Katniss was surprised she wasn't a better shot. If their places had been reversed, Katniss would've had the blonde girl stuck with the first arrow she loosed. She supposed that was the difference between shooting for sport and shooting so your family didn't starve. Archery couldn't be Glimmer's skill of choice and Katniss wondered if she'd picked the bow more for aesthetic reasons; Marvel had his spear, Clove her knives, and Cato his sword. Weapon variety seemed like the sort of decision a Career's training team would make when they could afford to focus on more than just keeping their Tribute alive. As the threat of Glimmer whistled away like the girl's last futile arrow sailing into the trees, Katniss started worrying about the rest of the Pack. She kept her face turned from them, the tree digging grittily into her cheek, but she'd spent enough time sizing them up during training that she could picture each one clearly. More importantly, she could picture the way they wielded their weapons. Clove's throwing ability was light and quick―if any of them could hit Katniss from the ground, it would be Clove―but a knife big enough to do serious damage wouldn't make it between the tree's twisting upper branches. The terrifying brunette could flick a smaller blade at Katniss, but the potential resulting injury would be (relatively) minor. From the way Clove seemed to rabidly froth over her collection, Katniss doubted she'd throw a knife she couldn't get back, unless it was sure to kill its target. Though his stony face and constant clawed grip on his spear raised all kinds of predator warning signals in the instinctual part of Katniss's brain, Marvel scared her the least in her current position. He could throw the spear with a brutal snap and achieve accuracy at least as good as Glimmer's with the bow, but neither his weapon nor his physique were versatile. Katniss could see that the spear was all about leverage, delivering the most power when thrown out or down. Hurling the thing up would be more trouble than it was worth, and Katniss frankly didn't think Marvel could manage that maneuver. He was tall, but not broad, like Cato, and didn't look like he had it in him. If Marvel attempted to send the spear up, gravity would be not only his obstacle, but his enemy, slowing the weapon and plunging it back to the ground where the Careers were currently crowding. Failing to kill her and hitting a member of his alliance instead wouldn't lead to Marvel having a very long stint in the arena. Cato was the problem. He was moving up the tree like he was wrestling against it and the sound of his blade scraping the bark with a snick, snick was particularly disturbing. Katniss tugged herself up a few more branches, but the options were getting springy and thin. She preferred not to be run through with Cato's sword, but falling several storeys to her death wasn't favourable either. Cato's heaving breaths were rising to her ears as he exerted himself. Katniss twisted to watch him, moaning in pain when the muscles of her burnt thigh clenched to preserve her hold on the trunk. He looked like he was struggling, but he had the calls of the Careers to keep him motivated. Katniss wished she hadn't been abandoned. Where was Haymitch's slippery charisma to help her now? He was supposed to be winning her sponsors, but was more likely sleeping off his latest overindulgence. And Peeta? Katniss shifted as little as possible, scanning the base of the tree for his blonde head. She groaned, in equal parts pain and annoyance. Why were they all blonde? It was like a ready-made alliance based on genetics. Clove was the obvious exception, but Katniss found it all too easy to picture her scalping one of the others after murdering them and wearing their hair as a wig. No sign of Peeta, and Cato was closing in on her, though not as quickly as before. Katniss unclenched her fingers from the tree, her heart plummeting as she wobbled in place. Small movements. No overcorrections. She coached herself back into control, though not calmness, pulling the knee of her uninjured leg up so she could swing her leg over the branch supporting her. The toe of her boot clipped the branch as she cleared it and Katniss stifled the desire to cry out, gripping the branch with frantic hands until her fingertips burned. She leaned sideways into the trunk, breathing shakily, and tipped her head ever so slightly to track Cato's progress. He was moving, rustling around. What was he doing? Suddenly, the late afternoon light caught Cato's blade. Was he planning to act on her sarcastic suggestion and throw it at her after all? Katniss jerked her head around, seeking an escape route that failed to present itself. She tried to think logically, reminding herself that Cato couldn't possibly hit her with his sword. This was how you lost the Games―talking yourself into defeat. Katniss had seen it in the arena broadcasts every year. She breathed out slowly and looked down. Cato had the sword held away from his body, pointed towards the ground. "Heads up," he called down to his allies. He let the blade drop. From the height Cato had achieved, the metal practically sang as it fell to pierce the earth. Katniss pressed her back into the tree and gingerly hitched her wounded leg up and over the branch so that her knees rested on either side of it. She shuffled, leaning carefully to find Cato. Her braid swooped forward, making her neck suddenly cool and damp. She was sweating. Without his cumbersome weapon, Cato was scaling the tree quickly, hauling himself almost gracefully towards ever-higher handholds. And towards her. Katniss longed pointlessly for Glimmer's bow, the clean click of metal on metal as she nocked her arrow back in the training centre coming instantly to mind. At least now, with the solidity of the tree against her spine, she could kick out at Cato, hopefully dislodge him so she didn't have to kill him with her bare hands. As if that were even a possibility. Katniss knew she didn't stand a chance against the most muscular Career in hand-to-hand combat. Cato's hand closed around a branch within her reach and Katniss dropped her weight to one side, slamming the heel of her boot into his fingers. "Shit!" He pulled his hand back and stared up at her. His blue eyes looked sharp, but not sane. Cato recovered, grinning. He was obviously more shocked than hurt. Pity. "You know, Girl on Fire," he called, speaking loudly for his alliance's benefit, "we haven't had a chance to spend much time together. In fact, I feel like we've barely seen you at all since we got in here." Katniss heard feminine laughter and a mocking voice winding up to her through the branches: "Why so shy, Katniss?" It was Glimmer. "Stop playing, Cato!" Clove this time. "Kill her!" She sounded annoyed and Katniss found that ironic. All four Careers seemed to treat the Games as sport, but Katniss had pegged Clove as the true sadist among them. That knife-throwing psycho didn't just want to eliminate her fellow Tributes, she wanted to torture them. Cato grabbed the branch again, swiftly repositioning his hand when Katniss's boot came down. He hadn't lost any ground, and now she was unstable. Cato swung his other arm up, like he was back on the climbing net in the training centre, catching Katniss's ankle in a firm grip. She jerked her leg for all she was worth, but he drew her down towards him relentlessly. Katniss tried to pull her foot up, but his hold was too tight. She scrabbled at the branch with desperate fingers, but her place in the tree was a perch, not a fortress, and she couldn't hold her position without a weapon. Katniss heard ecstatic whooping from the rest of the Career Pack as she was dragged from her branch, banging her hip into the one below. The burn on her thigh felt like it was igniting all over again as her leg hung down, dangling like a puppet's. Katniss's arms flailed and her backpack scraped, but didn't hook on anything. She wasn't going to die by Cato's hand, she would be defeated by her own choice of a precarious stronghold. She was slipping sideways when Cato's arm came around her waist, pinning her between his limb and the tree's. "Toss her down here, Cato! We'll finish her off for you!" The voice belonged to one of the girls, screechy with bloodlust. "If she survives the fall." Marvel's low, unfeeling monotone. But Cato wasn't trying to establish a hold to push her off, he was trying to keep her there, lifting himself up to Katniss even as he secured her. She tried to reach behind her, wild for the hefty knife stowed in her pack; Katniss decided she would rather take her chances with the fall than lay immobilized while Cato got himself into a comfortable murdering position. "Really, Katniss. We should talk." Cato's eyes danced madly as he settled in on her branch, pulling her over onto her back and then helping her sit up next to him. "What are you doing?" Katniss was disoriented when the question seemed to echo, before realizing all three of the grounded Careers had asked it nearly in sync. So, whatever Cato was up to now wasn't part of the group's plan. That didn't make it any less dangerous for her. Katniss ripped her arm out of his grip, though it caused her to rock on the branch. She hastily grabbed at it to stabilize herself and his hand darted out to squeeze around her wrist like a shackle. "The only sound I want to hear come out of your mouth is the one you make when I kill you." Katniss glared at him, but Cato just smirked, raising his eyebrows. "You think I'm an idiot?" He shook his head at her. "You don't even have a weapon. If you attacked me right now, I'd like my chances." "You know nothing about me," Katniss spat at him. Maybe if she slid off the branch suddenly…. He couldn't hold her weight up by her arm, though the drop would likely dislocate her shoulder…. Cato made a disappointed noise. "I know you fight with a bow, and you don't seem to have one." His eyes dragged over her and Katniss felt violated, even through her arena jacket and uniform. She couldn't keep the startled look from her face―she'd been so careful to hide her dominant skill from her competitors. "I know you're just a poor girl from 12, but you can't be so naïve as to think that those of us who can pay can't get information." He cocked his head, the motion eerily birdlike. How Katniss longed to shoot him from this tree. "I know what you did for your evaluation." She would jump. She would do it. Katniss wrenched away from him, but Cato was quick, catching her around the waist and yanking her along until their hips banged together. Her eyes flew to his and the teasing look was gone. Was that good or bad? "Stop struggling, Katniss. I'm on your side." Katniss twisted so sharply that Cato finally had to work to keep her on the branch, but this time, she wasn't intentionally trying to get away. Marvel, Glimmer, and Clove were still shouting up at them, but the noise faded into a hum. "What?" she rushed out. "For now, at least. I wouldn't die to save you like Peeta would." Cato shrugged. "But you're the best there is, in here. You