Special thanks to my Beta, DevynQ! Lying on her bed, Angela stared up at the ceiling. It was raining outside, but that wasn't what woke her up. The bed was too soft, and the army of stuffed animals on the shelves were staring at her. Even Mr. Teddy, the beloved bear that used to be her best friend when she didn't have any. She turned over on her side, her back facing him, and tried to fall unsuccessfully back to sleep. It never rained this much in Seattle , she thought. But it was a bit nostalgic for her, too. Instead of music blasting from paper-thin walls, and people laughing and driving by outside, her window pane clicked as rain drops fell. It was a lot quieter in Forks than she remembered. Then again, she had just come from one of the biggest, busiest cities in the western United States. It made her uneasy, as if someone was going to jump out of her closet. The sunlight peaking in the dripping window, Angela gave up on catching up on any more sleep and reached for her phone. Flipping through the other messages she'd ignored, she read, "ok ill give u space. text me later xo," the last text Kyle sent her before she went to bed. Her fingers rubbed against the edges of her cell phone before tucking it back under her pillow. She felt terrible about not responding, but something had changed in her mood as soon as she got out of her car in front of her parent's house. It wasn't as if she hadn't visited them during her time in school, but it was the fact that it was a "this is it" moment. It was the last time she would step into the house as a college student. Only she wasn't in college anymore. There were no more classes to get up early for. No more weekend frat parties. No more spending all-nighters with a study group. No more terrible cafeteria food. There was now only her family in a two-story house with the classic white picket fence. There was a painful twist in her stomach when she remembered saying goodbye to her roommate for two years. "Don't forget to pick up your fucking underwear at home," Ren said as she nearly hugged Angela to death. "That's you," she had joked. "Oh, yeah. Still. Text me to remind me." Their broken laughter made the goodbye even harder. It was worse with her boyfriend. Her skin still prickled when she thought of him. Or of his texts he'd send her constantly just because. Getting up out of her frilly bed, disgusted at the décor of her early teen years, she walked to the bathroom to get something to alleviate her early morning headache. A headache already? And her parents weren't even nagging her yet. Palming a few pills, she swallowed them with urgency. Why was she freaking out? Gripping the bathroom counter, she inspected herself in the mirror absentmindedly. It wasn't like she'd never see any of her friends ever again. Right, with Ren going back to State for her graduate degree and Kyle moving back to San Jose. Kyle… She should be texting him. Hell, she should be calling him. Making plans to take the next step, and maybe even live with him. But all she had the energy to do was stare at a mirror and deny the fact that she was upset about any of it. Back at Forks, things were so different. Of course, taking a four year leave of absence, it would be weird if everything was exactly the same. ...Well, most of it was . There was still that rusty "Welcome to Forks!" sign with the incorrect amount of people. There was the same old, cranky men than herded into the diners and talked about hunting and fishing over their coffee. And there were the same bored, pale students that filed in and out of the high school, the only difference being their faces. So, she hadn't left anything behind, really. All of it was already there for her, to welcome her back. It suffocated her. College had been the open door she hadn't been aware was there until it swung open and led her in. She changed. Time passed, and she'd become a completely different person. Maybe. As if to prove a point, she ruffled her hair. It was bouncy, and black. She was grateful that the highlights she got in high school were finally gone. She still needed glasses, though. She squinted, leaning forward. Needed a new prescription, too. She thought of the people she had left behind. She wondered how many people were still here in the minute and insignificant town of Forks. Though she met a lot of new people at State, she hadn't taken much time to think about the people who used to be a big part of her life. It felt silly now, to think of them when it had been so long since she'd seen any of them: Bella. Jessica. Lauren, though she could hardly be qualified as a friend. Tyler. Eric, and... She sighed. Ben . Jesus, that huge jerk. A small mewl followed by a furry, miniature beast weaving through her legs, she looked down and smiled. Her cat, Gail, purred when Angela bent down to pet her. Another thing she had missed while away: her annoying but adorable cat that she's had since she was twelve. "Alright, alright," she mumbled as Gail squeaked. "I'll feed you. Alright, already..." She cast once last look at her reflection before turning off the light. After pouring kitty mix in the bowl, before even pouring herself a cup of coffee, Gail chirped her gratitude at her. "You're a bully," Angela said, but pet her affectionately. Once she finally poured herself a cup of coffee, she began to feel almost human. "Feelin' okay, kiddo?" Angela shrugged at her father as he poured himself a cup and sat across from her. He usually woke up first thing in the morning to read. But it was nice to be accompanied by him as the rest of the house slept. It made her feel less alone. "Did you sleep okay?" "Yeah," she said, and her father nodded at her. "Just...new bed and all. Not used to being in an actual bed instead of on a plastic mattress." "We can always switch it out with an air mattress." "No, I think I'm good. I like not having a crooked spine." She smirked over the lip of her mug, catching sight of the newspaper he had brought. "Do you have any - " Before she could finish her sentence, her father lifted the comics page from the bundle out to her. She grinned, flipping through the colorful pages to read her favorite ones. Enjoying each other's company in those few early morning moments made her miss home. A small part of her was sad she missed out on so many of these times she could have spent with him. "So, are you planning on going out today?" Frowning from her seat, Angela raised an eye brow. "No... Why?" Her dad shrugged, rinsing out his mug before putting it in the dishwasher. "I dunno. You haven't seen some of your friends for a while." "Oh." She shrugged. "I don't know who's still here..." "Jessica's still here," he said. Of course he would know - the town was so small, that if someone sneezed, everyone would say "bless you." "She's living with Mike Newton - " Expected. " - and Lauren is working at that one restaurant you like..." "Olive Garden?" "No. Chuck E. Cheese," he teased. His glasses were crooked and it made his expression even funnier. "Dad." She rolled her eyes then scrunched her nose. "Lauren works at Chuck E. Cheese ?" She could just imagine how terrible it would be for any child to get on her bad side. "Yep." He leaned against the counter. "Bella's still here." "Yeah..." She wracked her brain for anything she'd seen online. "She's going to Peninsula right?" Which was strange, because Angela would have never pegged Bella as the community college type. She was really smart, probably even smarter than Angela, and more than qualified to go to any university of her choosing. Why she chose to stay behind was beyond her, though the people in La Push might have something to do with it. One in particular, in fact: Jacob Black. "You should give 'em a ring," he advised. The corner of her mouth lifted up to match her father's own smirk. Funny how her dad gave her advice to better her social life. "Nobody calls anyone anymore," she said. "Hmph. Right. You kids should change that; there's nothing better than being able to hear a human voice as if it was right next to you." "That's not creepy at all, Dad." He laughed, pecking the top of her head. "I'm going to the office," he said. "I'll try to be home before dinner." "Okay," she said, already depressed at the thought of him leaving. "I'm glad you're home, honey." They grinned at each other before he grabbed his bag and Bible. "See you later this evening!" "Bye," she called out, replied by the slam of the front door. Sitting there a few moments more, she sipped at her lukewarm coffee. It had gotten cold but she didn't feel like putting any effort in getting up to heat it in the microwave so she bared through the bitter, cold liquid. After finishing the cartoons, she balled them up in her hand and tossed it at the trash bin. A miss. Gail sniffed at it before losing interest and padding under the table, right next to Angela's feet, before curling up and purring. "Brat," she teased before getting up to put her own mug away. Angela was admittedly nervous of leaving the house and facing anyone she would know. Most people probably wouldn't care if they knew she was back, though she knew of one person that might. But it was probably a stupid idea - she might not even have the same number. But still... Collecting her phone in her hand, she stared at it a moment before flipping through her contact list. Should she call, or text? She thought back to what her father said, but convinced herself to text first. After all, how annoying would it be to be woken up by a phone call? "hey its angela here. wanted to know if u still had this number? heard you were still around! if you wanted to get together sometime let me know" Nervous, she deleted the "heard you were still around" - she wanted to sound friendly, not creepy. But who knew when Bella would even get to it? She half wished she didn't have the right number; it would be a good excuse to stay inside. "Stay inside?" What are you, a vampire? The house still in it sleep stupor, Angela went back to her room, Gail trailing after her. Pulling out her dinosaur lap top, she waited for it to start up, rumbling as the lights clicked on. After petting the cat long enough to put her to sleep beside her, she browsed a bit. Nothing new on Facebook, and Twitter was an onslaught of gossip and emoticons. Checking her mail, a grin spread across her face. From: Ren Parker To: Angela Weber Ange, It's already day one without u keeping me up with ur snoring & I miss ur dumb ass. I think I might have to get one of those sleep-noise CD things. Like how there's one of the ocean & jungles & shit? I need one of u snoring. I cannot have a restful nights sleep without getting woken up in the middle of the night. Record urself & send it to me. I expect ur full compliance or else the rabbit gets it.