If she crept up on him, it's not because she meant to. He had his guard down. . On the train to the capitol, Annie meets Mags and Finnick. She's still trying to piece together what just happened. She watches them try not to look sympathetically at her young, round face. She stutters and forgets what questions she should be asking. She's struck mostly by his beautiful face. She remembers watching him years before, a victor, beloved by the entire district. He looks haggard and jaded now. But even that can't make him ugly. She vaguely remembers watching him fish from her father's boat, before the games; when he was just whispered about behind the palms of all the girls instead of shouted about in exultation by every citizen. She liked how the sunlight caught his hair as it dried messily, sticking up in all directions. She liked how he moved through water like he was flying. She liked his shoulders, strong and determined. She hadn't seen his face back then. But she finds him distractingly handsome now, even while knowing she is going to die. Her fellow tribute is stuttering through his plan to survive, that he'd probably prepared and perfected years ago, just in case, never expecting to have to use it. Mags and Finnick nod, but their eyes say he's overlooked so much. She hasn't planned that carefully. She has overlooked everything. So she stays quiet. Eventually, Finnick notices her staring. He glances at her, and gives her a small smile. She saw him around back in the district every once in a while. They sort of grew up together, not with the same people but a part of the same generation. They could probably name a few stories which they overlapped each other. She remembers swimming out with the older kids one day, out to this floating dock somebody built a hundred yards from the beach. Everyone swam there to talk away from adults. It sank a bit under the weight of even one person, and there would be parties of kids who would all stand on it until it sank a solid five feet underwater. The fuzzy parts of her mind remember this, and nearly drowning after being shoved around to much. The dock sank to deep for her to stand on, and she tried to tread water as long as she could, and everyone else was laughing and yelling and dunking each other. They were all older and braver and didn't notice the little twelve year old hyperventilating, not nearly as close to death as she thought she was. But he noticed. Easily, he grabbed one of her arms, looping it over his shoulders. He must have been about fourteen, right before his reaping. He had a warm smile, like an older brother, as he carried this little slip of a girl on his back. She clung to him. "I've got you," he promised. He swam with her on his back to shore. She felt childish and silly and blushed whenever she saw him after that. But he didn't notice; he was in too much of a fog after the Games. If she survived, she might understand why. It occurs to her that Finnick Odair has saved her life once before. . She can not sleep, and paces the car holding everyone's sleeping quarters. Up and down the aisle. She chews her thumbnail until it bleeds. She knows she will die. She is not strong. She will be killed mercilessly and everyone will watch. She begins to cry. And behind her, a door slides open. He sleeps without a shirt, and it strikes her, as it did every other time she saw him in such a state. He rubs the back of his head tiredly. "Are you okay kid?" She shakes her head. He leans against his doorframe and sighs. "This is going to be the most painful thing you will ever go through." He says tiredly, "I don't envy you. You look scared out of your mind." She nods, wide-eyed. He covers his mouth with his hand, looking her over. He reaches a hand out to her. "You'll be okay." He promises. "I like you. I'm going to help you." He looks at her like nobody else has. Like under his eyes he's seeing everything good about her. She flushes bright red, and she's composed of dark hair and pale skin and red cheeks. Every beautiful color in the world has found its way onto his person, his radiant green eyes and beautiful bronze hair and every color in between glimmers with each blink, each toss of his head. She chokes out an apology and slams the door to her room. It occurs to her he's still never mentioned the thought of her dying during these games. She avoids his eyes the next day. But he sits next to her at every meal. She starts to cry at the dinner table, and under the table, he holds her hand. He pulls her aside after dinner, where they can be alone. He sits her down and tells her a few, simple things. He tells her she will not survive if she goes for the cornucopia. He tells her that she's pretty, and the capitol people will try to use that, and that she should be smart and funny and a million things before she lets them make her beautiful. She doesn't understand why he says this, but she knows that he knows what it's really like to be beautiful, and she should listen to him. He holds her hand as he says this. "What do they do to beautiful people?" He turns away at this and shuts his eyes. "I don't want them to do those things to you." he insists. "You're too…good." He kisses her knuckles. "You have an innocent face. I like it." She blushes, and he laughs at this. "I love that. Nobody blushes like that in the capitol. They have no modesty. No shame." She bites her lip. "It seems vulgar, from what I've seen." He nods. "Excess. Disgusting excess. But you are so simple and quiet." She doesn't know what to say to this, so she stays simple and quiet. He smiles and they talk about their town and her parents and some old fishing urban legends that they've each heard a million times from the same people. They laugh a little and he grabs her hand when she says something funny; she blushes and swells with pride. He remembers her more than she does him; the fish she could somehow catch that were bigger than her body when she was five, her friends from school, a bracelet she always wore. She's surprised, and pleased, so she tells him about what all her friends said about what they'd like to do with him. He laughs heartily at this, and kisses her cheek. It feels odd, as her mentor, but she likes it and ignores the breech in propriety. She doesn't want to listen to capitol's rules and regulations right now. He feels like a friend, and a good person, and he promised to keep her alive, mentor or not. So she lets it make her smile. He had a hard time admitting how much he loved seeing her glow after that little peck on the cheek. But it made him feel more than any other physical act ever had. They part ways for the evening, only for her to be unable to sleep and goes back to pacing the aisle again. She thinks of him, and hopes he'll open the door. He doesn't. And she grows impatient, and curious. She goes to his room this time, and slides open the door. "Creeping through the halls, Miss Cresta?" He's lying in his bed like he was waiting for her to come in. "Couldn't sleep either." He says tiredly, smiling at her. She stares at him. She goes to him. She lies with him. And she does something she's never done before, and it's rushed and nervous and he lets her and he guides her through it, crooning the most beautiful words in her ear. He's very good at this sort of thing, from practice, and that makes her shudder in a million different ways. He doesn't seem bored with her, like she expected he would. He seems quietly amazed with the bared bits of her skin, even the usually un-clad bits; thighs, ankles, wrists, neck. His lips move over her lips, her breasts, her stomach, her thighs. She breaks apart under his perfect lips, surrendering whatever she had left to give to him. It's strange how immediately she trusts him, and she feels wet tears on her cheeks, and she glances up to see they're his. She wraps her legs tighter around him, running her fingers over his tear-streaked cheeks. She lets him cry for what he's done and for what she will have to do. What will continue to happen to children for the rest of eternity, the fear, the violence, the destruction of life. He's trained several years worth of tributes at this point, and he's seen all of them die. And this perfect, wild looking siren underneath him makes him desperate for her life, for his own. And he leans down and through every movement of his body, lips, hands and hips; he tries to give his own breath to her. She releases underneath him, losing her breath that he tries to kiss back into her. He jerks unsteadily over her, and she runs her fingers through his hair. He settles himself on top over, running his hands up and down the underside of her thighs, still wrapped tight around him. "I didn't want to die before I…" she whispers against his neck. Finnick rolls off her. He tangles a hand in her hair. She's draped across his chest and he kisses the side of her face, under her jaw and behind her ear and her temple. "I know, I know. I thought the same thing." She blushes, and wonders what happened when he didn't die…that way. "Annie," and it's the first time he's directly said her name. "Annie, I want to keep you alive . " She kisses him, and doesn't regret entering his room. Doesn't regret not being a virgin anymore. She regrets falling in love with him, and he feels the exact same way about her. . He gives her advice and kisses her, he holds her hand and kisses her, he tells her how lovely she looks and kisses her. This is their last night. She has one more night before everything will change. He warns her that everything will change, but he won't. He'll still want her alive; he'll do everything he can to keep her safe. She will live. No matter what, she will live for him. Her muscles are sore from training and her head hurts from all the noise and colors of the crowds. He rubs her back and kisses her head. She tangles her fingers in his hair, and shakily states her wish to have him one more time before the Games. "It's not like I'm sleeping tonight anyway." She jokes. He closes his eyes. "Please tell me I taught you something. I'm a shit mentor. I just hope…" "Avoid the bloodbath at the cornucopia. Find water. Find shelter. It's better to run than to fight, in terms of being the last one standing…" She quotes every other piece of advice he's given her, words for word, sitting before him, plain and simple. He smiles wryly. "How'd you remember all that?' She blushes. "I listen to everything you say. You're…the most amazing person I've ever met." He kisses her, and eases her onto her back. "I'm not going to let anything happen to you." He makes love to her, but they both don't want to call it that. "Never, ever, let them see what scares you. What hurts