It was bleak November morning, 11th of November, to be specific, I was standing in front of the oak gate brazen with burns from spells and apparently strong enough to withstand all of it without as much as a crack, on both pillars vile looking board guarded the gate, as if flights of dementors were not enough protection or ancient wards that emitted magic as clearly as the sun did light or unshielded muggle reactor deadly radiation. After a moment the gate slowly and silently opened, a hooded figure stood there and asked with no actual warm in his or hers tone „Welcome, stranger, state yours business with his dark Lordship, and beware of the entry if your blood is not pure, and your words true"the last two sentences sound like two lashes of a Whig, this gatekeeper was not a person to cross, luckily I had no intention to do so. I stood ramrod straight, undo my own hood, and started I am Argent of house Cintria, I can trace my bloodline to the eight century and my intention here is to visit my distant cousin, your Lord, please good sir, do tell him about my visit and accommodate my friends and companions all of them are true pureblood wizards, and they come from old and proud houses" If hood can express disbelief, this one did… My own company, seven of the best wizards in the service of my sister stood proudly and were ready to hex any DE, to the next millennium shall the need arise, most of them fought in Grindenwald wars on both sides… For a while, no sound, except for the rustle of ours coats, and mailing of the wind was to be heard. At last the hooded figure of gatekeeper came back to life, and he, by that time I was sure, told „It will be done, as you command, but shall you be telling lie, you will wish to never enter Hogwarts" I smiled, everything went by the plan. As we passed the gate I twitched a bit, but ours research proven correct. After a considerably more pleasant walk across the castle grounds, no dementors, and less vicious wind as well as chocolate from Klára, we have been ushered in the castle and showed our room for the time of our stay. We were also warned to not wander anywhere else than between our quarters, and great hall without the escort. That did not bother me, I was very Intend on sticking to rules on this journey because right now rules were our only protection in the castle full of the pretty unsavoury characters, and even wild werewolves, not that I have anything against Werewolves, but that Greyback fellow was pretty unnerving. He lived in forbidden forest, for his ilk was not popular with other Death eaters, and many would be in uproar to have him anywhere nearer to their kids, if there is some redeeming quality about most death eaters, it is the dedication to the family, and yet, if cousin Tom would order them, most of these family types would murder their own Brother and sister without a blink. Our quarters were not worst to wear, a common room, with some lion themes tapestries, and a big fireplace with few armchairs to sit on, I quickly conjured two more to make sure that all of us will have a place to sit if we will need to. I felt a bit cold during the evening, not because of a temperature, my chamber was pretty warm, but I still ordered appointed house elf, pretty beaten up feature going by the name Cranky, and true to his name having a seizure each few minutes or so, to bring me a cup of hot mead, I thought „the nerve of this man, not only he tolerate his house elves to be mistreated in such a manner, and sick, but he appoints them to care for international visit" With that thought, I went to sleep putting my spare wand on the night table, while my actual, battle proven, spruce, piece, with water sprite hair, and measuring up to sixteen inches… „His darkness has only fourteen and a half inch long, I wonder how will he compensate"I chuckled, and with that thought went in the Morpheus's realm on 12th of November, nothing of significance happened. I was sure that this situation will not change for a while I was sure that this situation will not change for a while, so I did not bother myself with any worst-case scenarios, many lords were far worse with this issue, and for what I knew of cousin Tom, his upbringing was somewhat lacking, to put I t mildly, so I decided to spend my time keeping myself fit and ready, and kept with my suite for most of the time. Some of Tom companions, they went under the title of Death eaters, which seemed a bit funny to us, as they dispensed death rather freely, and no one was ever spotted trying to eat the grim one... Then again, nothing of significance happen for next three days except if me losing my status of unbeaten for ages in the wizard chess was lost in rather shaming manner to Regulus Black son of the Orion black, and one of the adjutants to the dark lord, but other than that he seem nice, and quite cordial, which firmly sat him apart from the others, but Ii had no doubts that his friendship will not survive me claiming his masters throne. I also tried to explore as much of the castle, as I dared, the moving staircase was a big help on that one, and I spend some good time talking with few portraits, some of them being my relatives. But then two big days come, November the 17th and two days later the long expected tea with Cousin Tom. The 17th of November started as any other day, Cranky, on whom I experimented with healing magic, to good results, brought me a pretty big English breakfast and did not disappear until I ate it all. Then my morning exercises, that was another thing that amazed me, very few, of DEs did any kind of exercises when I asked them I was told "the muggle born are too afraid to put up a fight, and muggles are only animals to slaughter" I kept my mouth shut, but since I fought in muggle war I knew better. The only group that seemed to put up some effort consisted of Regulus, and few other younger DEs, who often served as escorts to me and my suite, but a part of Regulus himself only one, caught my eye, one Bellatrix Black. She always walked as if she was something better than rest of us, with her it was not the sense of entitlement, that was pretty typical for most older DEs, or an inexperienced overconfidence of youngsters... She was a big cat, She knew pretty well that the castle is full of wolves, and that I have to be wolf myself to have the guts to come here. But she seem to KNOW, that she is something special, when most of the younger DEs had a duelling tourney, she sat in the stands, pretty disinterested, and probably only to cheer for her cousin Regulus who won most of his duels, but fall after hard fight with one Antonin Dolohov, that guy could be my fifth cousin three times removed, or something, one of my forefathers married a Dolohov, the decision was similar in a manner to the Napoleons decision that invading the Russia is actually a good idea. Since then Petr was not a well-liked name in our house. So if this Dolohov will make problems, I make sure that there is no next time, as violently as I deem fit. I was later challenged by the victor, Barty Crouch Junior, this bastard worried me a bit, on par with best Aurors of the previous regime, and probably genial mind, I accepted producing my reserve wand, and put up a serious fight, before, I let a full body bind charm to hit me. That was one think about Barty, he did not mind to step outside of the dark magic realm, if it works he would use it. He also kept close to the Bella, and Regulus, some called them a Dark lord's golden trio. Afterward, Barty released me from the charm, and while I could theoretically continue the fight, I bowed and accepted the defeat. He took my wand hand, and raised it high in knightly gesture, another thing about the kid; he knew how to put up a show. As he left the field many applauded, but a few seconds later, I was given somewhat polite yet quite hearable applause as well, despite being a somewhat uneasy with the assortment of murderers, rapists, and other criminals applauding me, I bowed slightly. Later that day a student of renewed Hogwarts institute of magical arts, clad in the green cloak brings me a message. I read it after the boy made his hastily retreat, but not before asking his name, he was one Albert Nott, Nott delivering the note, someone probably thought that it is funny. The note itself was sealed by some silvery material, that radiated a protective magic, and carried the seal that consisted of two letters B, separated by a wand, each written from opposite direction. it could not be broken, nor it reacted on my house ring, voice, or touch, in last ditch attempt I kissed it, the seal then disappeared, leaving a faint scent of some wood, I could not sort out at first, a moment later I got it, yew wood, "A wood of great power, yet poisonous fruits if you make a mistake, it can kill you, a good match for her" I thought. The note said "My lord, Me, my cousin, and our friend Barty would be pleased if you would join us in our accommodations for a tea, you go to the third level, find the door with the same sigil as was on the Seal, and state the password "Aurum supererogaveris gloria cortinam cadit familia sustinebit" anytime between now, and the dinner will suit us well, so come at your pleasure. Bellatrix Black P.S. my cousin is many things, but ladies man he is not; could you bring that hazelnut eyed beauty from your suite? He seems to grow fond of her, and I do vouch for him as a gentleman." I smiled if we are eating with the devil, and sleeping in his castle, we can surely take an afternoon tea with his favourites... I fetched Klára of Zvíkov, one of my sisters best curse-breakers, and one of my most feared teachers, not that she ever been anything than pleasant with me, but she always merrily informed me whenever I "died" during her training, she was just a bit too happy about it, for me to feel entirely comfy. After I let her read the note, she frowned; I recognised it as "I am thinking" rather than "somebody will get hexed until next month" frown. I had been subject to both forms, and while Klára never actually hexed me outside of the training, I knew that she does not go far for a good curse. She fixed herself a drink from our cabinet, local stuff, but good, and looked at me "Do we go there?" she asked, pointing to the letter, while I followed her example, and got myself a good glass of Firewhiskey, sipping the spirit, I thought about it. In my head there was no reason not to, if they wanted to hurt us, they may try it openly with exactly the same result, as if they would poison us, or take us hostages, or whatever if my sis will not hear from me for three days, it's war then. Such were