Summary::Rangers come from all corners of Middle Earth. Very few realize how many there truely are and even fewer know of the female variety, let alone one who rides with Wargs. 10th Walker AU Boromir/OFC Author's Note::Honestly this could have been written better. I started this a long while back ago, so if it sounds different from my other stories like Independently Dependent, that's why. You can probably even see the shift in writing style the farther along you go if you have a good eye for that sort of thing. Thought I'd see what kind of reviews I get before I decide whether or not to rewrite this before moving on with it. Review how you want. If you don't like let me know, if you like it let me know that too. Oh and before you say anything about it, I'm keeping the first person point of view. I'm not going to drift from one person's prospective to the other either. This is strictly from Sabel's point of view. However if I do change POVs, it will be marked as such and will rarely happen. With that, I'll leave you to either enjoy reading or enjoy flaming. The choice is yours. Enjoy. -IppikiOokami09 The town of Bree. It seemed like a safe haven for every man, woman, child, and even hobbit that traveled through its streets. Not every creature who roamed the town had good intentions, but what sort of town had not a few dark faces hidden in the shadows. Within the Prancing Pony, a local pub and inn of the town, there were many strange but not unusual beings within. Men of course, drinking away and telling great stories of their adventures through Middle Earth, a few quiet ones such as the ranger called Strider sitting in a booth across from me, and even a few hobbits sitting down for a nice drink. That may have been the strangest creature within the room. In all my years of traveling this world, I had never seen a hobbit, let alone the four that sat just a few feet from I. For only a few moments I sat watching them before I felt a pair of eyes on my own being. My eyes shifted slightly to the Ranger known as Strider. The weed in his pipe burned red and for a moment his eyes shown. Our eyes locked for that moment and then his eyes were once more covered in shadow. That look was enough and told me to mind my own. With my gaze on him I finished my drink and stood. I bowed my head slightly to the ranger and he in turn, returned the gesture. It would do little good to have a fellow ranger as an enemy for such a small reason. I left the Prancing Pony and into the raining streets. My room was located in the inn across the way. While the Prancing Pony would have been my first choice for board, the price was too high for the coin I carried with me this night. I cursed as I forgot to take a loaf of bread with me from the Prancing Pony. Not only were the rooms nicer there, so was the food. My companions who stayed at the inn would give me little sleep this night if I return empty handed. I turned east towards the shops in hopes of one still open this late. My search was futile. I returned to my inn, the Serpent's Den, soaked to the bone and no food with me. As I entered my room and closed the door a soft chirp of a bird reached my ears followed by excited chittering. This late at night I could not clearly see my room. Only glimpses as lighting flashed from outside. Carefully I walked across my room to a table that held a candle. I lit it and looked around my room with the new light. Near the window sat a white and black flecked falcon named Swiftwing and on the bed continuously chittering was a raccoon named Silverblue. Both were my companions that traveled freely with me. They had been my friends for many years and had been with me through many journeys. Silverblue leapt off the bed and too my feet. He extended his paws up in greeting as well as want for food. I looked down at him and sighed. "I am sorry dear friend, but I have no food with me tonight." He seemed to understand as he dropped back onto the floor and waddled sadly under the bed, his tail dragging. "Well, that could have gone better, don't you think Swiftwing?" In return I received chirps from the bird. I shook my head and readied for bed. I was weary from today's journey and happy for the touch of a soft bed to sleep in rather than the hard floor of the ground. As I drifted off I vaguely noticed a furry ball slink in under the covers next to me. It seemed I was forgiven. Sometime in the middle of the night blinding cries echoed into my room. I woke up to hearing the screeching of Silverblue and frantic beating wings from Swiftwing. Beyond my room was an unearthly sound. I jumped out of bed and reached out for Swiftwing. I had to calm him before he hurt himself. Meanwhile Silverblue was burrowing under the blankets and pillows of my bed to try and relieve himself from the noise. I finally grabbed a hold of Swiftwing and brought him close to my breast. I stroked his feathers gently down his back and spoke quietly to him in soothing tones. "Easy Swiftwing. Be calm now..." The noise outside ceased and the dull sound of retreating horses reached me. With Swiftwing calmed I set him back onto his perch where he slowly settled back in. On my bed I found Silverblue whining under the covers and shivering. I pulled back the blankets and carefully picked him up as to not frighten him. To be attacked by a raccoon is not a fun experience. I cradled him in my arms and cooed lovingly as I scratched him behind the ears. He calmed and chittered quietly at me. "There now..." I said and placed him back onto the bed. I on the other hand sat down on a chair that sat near the window. Whatever that noise was it had woke me up and I didn't believe sleep would come easy now. The sun would rise in only a few hours anyhow. When dawn came I found myself drifting off in the chair I sat. As the first rays of light hit my eyes I blinked and shook myself awake. Sleeping in a chair would not have been a grand idea. I stood and stretched out the stiffness in my muscles. My companions woke when I stood. Only one other in the room was as active as I as I started to gather my things for the day ahead. After last night I had decided that to was best to leave and continue my journey. Swiftwing chirped softly and I ran a hand down his back. With the other hand I opened the window. No sooner did I open the window when a rush of wind flew under my hand. I had named him Swiftwing for a reason. I smiled as I closed the window and reached down to swing my pack onto my shoulder. A rustle from within was enough to know where Silverblue had ended up. I gave one last glance around the room in case I had forgotten something. When nothing could be found I double checked my person. A sword on my hip, a dagger at my wrist, ankle and thigh, Silverblue within my bag, and a small pouch of coins to purchase goods. Everything was in order. Soon enough I found myself walking the streets of Bree. The same streets I had walked the night before on my short quest to find food for Silverblue. During the day it was much more active. I noticed that most of the towns folk were weary, no doubt from what happened last night. I reached for a handsome red apple when another hand came into view. I pulled back quickly and looked to the side to who had reached for the apple I had desired. To my surprise it was the ranger from last night. I had only known him through rumors and no doubt the same was for him of me. "Strider." I greeted with slight surprise. "Sabel." He in turn greeted me. Before any more could be said between the two of us, two little beings came between us and started looking through the apples. I took a step back and smiled slightly at the sight. Quietly I watched the small men with great interest. "Merry look! These apples look delicious." One hobbit said excitedly. "Strider, can we take these along with us?" "Pippin!" The other hobbit scolded quietly and pointed at me. Quickly I looked away guiltily. "Come on. Let's find Sam and Frodo." I glanced at Strider as the two hobbits left and found him staring at me curiously but with guarded eyes. My smile dropped and I turned my eyes back onto the apples. I reached across for an apple when Strider's hand took hold of my upper arm. I paused and tilted my head slightly in the ranger's direction. A single question spoke through his eyes. I knew better then to defy Strider. He was far more dangerous then I. Still, I didn't like being grabbed. I pulled my arm roughly away from him and took a step away. "Be at peace Ranger. I do not mean them, or you, any harm." I spoke quietly and continued to pick up and examine the apples. He did the same. "How can I be so sure of that? You eye them the same as you did last night." "You make is sound as if I fancy them more then I should." I retorted with sarcasm. "You do." His reply was sharp and full of warning. "I am sorry. I merely find them interesting to watch. I have never seen a hobbit before. You'll have to excuse my curiosity." Strider seemed to take my explanation seriously for a moment before nodding. It was quiet between the two of us as we walked through the market. I suspected he wanted to keep an eye on me just in case I did mean harm to the little ones. I shrugged it off with little interest. I knew I was not going to harm them, but if he wanted to keep an eye on me, so be it. I was marked as the dangerous sort I suppose. I ran wild in the forest with the animals when I was not in town to gather supplies. I had another companion with me that stayed away from the town. He was the reason others saw me an as evil being. The rumors made me an outcast, even among the rangers. Strider was no different from the others it seemed. Two hours of shopping for supplies left me annoyed and nearly penniless. The traders drove hard when it came to their goods. Or maybe it was just because it was me. Strider seemed to get a better deal then me, not by much, but still better. "Maybe they believe you to be the one who caused disturbance last night." He had said chuckling. The way he said it, it seemed he knew it was not me. I told him as such, to which he replied with, "I know many things she who rides with wargs." Any questions I had after that were left unanswered as he continued his own shopping for him, and I assumed the hobbits. I finished my shopping and bid him farewell with a simple nod. I bought enough supplies to