New Story I hope it's a hit I'm enjoying writing this one :) read on! My name is Aventura, it means adventure. I just turned 21 and I've run away from my Californian home. My father was forcing me to marry a man 15 years older than me just because his family is rich and succesful. I've left to find freedom and happiness. I'm not too sure where I'm heading. I just know that its away from Cali. Gone from home for about 2 weeks now, No one's come looking for me. I've been walking from place to place sometimes getting a taxi, sleeping in random hotel rooms each night. I was lucky my 'Fiance' gave me a credit card the day before I left. With out it I probably would have spent the night on the streets and gotten killed or died from hunger. I was grateful that they hadn't canceled the card but I just wish I had my own money. Money I earned on my own. I'm walking down a run down neighborhood with trash everywhere, the clouds grey waiting to pour down on me, and a few random people outside talking. I noticed that I'm being followed. I see the shadow of a tall figure walking behind me. I turn my head slightly to see who it could be. I feel a shiver go down my spine as I see the face of a man. The relief fills my face as I see he's in a blue suit and has a badge and gun. It's just a police officer. I sigh with relief as he walks past me toward some women on the corner of the street. They're all dolled up wearing tight short dresses and stilettos with makeup packed on all over their faces. After watching them talk to the officer for a bit he hand cuffs them. My assumption that they were prostitutes was right. As I walk out of this sad neighborhood it starts to rain hard. I run toward a near by gas station nearly tripping on the curb. As I enter the gas station the cashier gives me a wink and I just ignore it. I walk to the back of the store and grab a few things I'll need to make it to the next town. An umbrella, water bottles, a bag of jerky and some chips. I go up to the cashier and pay with the credit card. As I leave I stuff my items into my small bag and open the umbrella. I'm only an hour away from the next town. Hopefully the next town will be nicer than this one. I head down the street walking slowly when ever the water would hit harder, but then faster when I'd walk past some older men that were eyeing me. I hadn't expected to be walking around in the rain or cold weather so I hadn't dressed correctly. A thin t-shirt with a knit sweater, ripped jeans and converse. My shoes and socks were soaked. As I walked past a thrift store I decided to go in and buy something to change into. I bought a thick jacket, new jeans, long socks, and a turtle neck. All the shoes they had were too big so I grabbed the smallest pair of mens boots. The clothes smelled badly but I didn't care as long as I was warm. It was barely 2 in the afternoon so I kept on walking. The rain stopped and the sun was finally coming out. I stopped at a library to ask where I was at. apparently I had crossed into Oregon and was already halfway through. Since I had taken a taxi when I first left it had brought me close to the border of Cali and Oregon. I might just take another taxi to drive me up to Washington since it seems to rain a lot through here. I was currently in between Newport and Lincoln city. I decided to take a taxi to the next town and stayed the night at a hotel. The next day I took another taxi as far as it could take me until it got dark. I did this for days until I got to a random town that looked nice enough to settle down in. It was close to the ocean and it looked peaceful. A place I could live in for years. It was surrounded by trees. The taxi driver dropped me off at the Housing office for this small town. He said they were Native American's and that this was their reservation which the government gave them to live on. He said this place was called La Push. As I stepped out the taxi I saw many young men running toward what looked like a youth center for the town that was just feet away from the housing office and the homes. Everything here was so close by and it seemed like everyone here got along well. I walked into the office and was greeted by a young women named Emily in her late 20's. I tried hard not to stare at the right side of her face because I noticed she had large scars. She noticed me trying not to look. "It's was a bear attack," she said shyly as she walked me into her office. "So what brings you to La Push?" she said nicely as I sat down in front of her desk. "Well I was looking to move here. I recently left Cali to find a better place to live." I said quietly. You could hear the children outside playing on the streets laughing and cheering. This place was perfect. "Well La Push is the perfect place to live in. As you must already know, we are the Quileute tribe. We live here for free with help from the government. As you are currently not a part of our tribe there will be fees to pay each month for living here in our small town. There is currently only one home open at the moment. It's just two houses down from here. If you'd like we can go look at it right now." She said as she stood up from her chair. "Um, before we go looking at the house, how much will the bills be each month?" I asked. She slowly sat back down and started to type on her computer. "Well, the last person to live here who was not part of the tribe paid about 350 each month. The money doesn't go to the government but to the tribe so we try not to ask for much because we don't need a lot. The Quileute tribal council does ask of you to perform some services for them each month. Like help clean the beach up on the first of each month and to volunteer once as week at the youth center. If you are still interested we can go look at the house now." She said as she set some papers on the desk. I smiled and nodded. We walked out the office and down the street. Just two houses to the left just like she said. It was a small brown house. One floor, one bedroom. Open porch in the front. Once you enter the front door you walk straight into the living room. Just to the left is the bedroom. On the other side of the living room is the kitchen/dining room. On the left from the kitchen is the one bathroom with a shower/bath. Every room in the house was a pale blue color except the kitchen which was a maroon like color. At the very back of the house is the door to the screened porch for the backyard. The front and back yard had lush green grass with small empty patches randomly every where. The yards weren't fenced in so they just led to the forest which was covered in trees. So thick that all you see is tree bark. Since it was the only open house at the moment I decided to take it even though it was small. I didn't really mind though. I was here alone. Who would be coming to visit me anyways? It's not like my parents would be coming to see me on the holidays. They didn't even bother to come find me when I ran away. I signed the papers for the house and had Emily charge the monthly bill on the credit card my 'fiance' had given me. Once I get my own job I'll cut this card up and use my own money. But before I do that, I'm gonna go shopping. Right before I left the office with Emily I asked her about any places around here that sell furniture. She told me that a few miles away there was a small shopping center for the tribe where they sold furniture and kitchen utensils. She even gave me her number so I could call her if I ever needed any help with moving. I'm not too sure how a small women like her can help a small girl like me lift heavy furniture. I spent the rest of the day walking toward the direction where she said the shopping center was. As I walked I saw a group of men on the cliff over by the water jumping off one by one. Cliff diving is really cool. I've always wanted to try it. Maybe while I'm here I can try it. As I thought of possibly jumping off the cliff a guy in a motorcycle zoomed past me. I saw it stop a few feet away from the cliff. The man on the bike got off and threw his clothes off and ran to the edge of the cliff and jumped. I heard him yell in excitement. I smiled thinking about how much of a rush it would be to do that. Ten minutes later I got to the shopping center and saw several stores that sold pre-owned furniture. I walked into the first one I saw and started to look at the mattresses. A lot of the mattresses they had didn't come with a head-board or the metal wheels to hold the mattress up. I decided to just buy the mattress and sleep on just that. They told me that I could pick up the mattress when ever I wanted but that they couldn't deliver it to the house. I'm going to need Emily's help with this. I thought to myself as I tried to lift the mattress on my own. I decided to go look for bed sheets and pillows. I picked out a crocheted bed cover in a pastel yellow color with pink flowers. I grabbed two pillows and some throw pillows for decoration. A few blankets and a rug. All together it cost me('ex-fiance') 200 dollars since it was all used. I told the store owners that I would be back to pick everything up later so they held it all for me there. I walked into another store and picked out some cooking pots and pans. The house came with a fridge, a stove and a microwave so I didn't need to worry about those. I grabbed a set of plates and glasses and a box of spoons and forks and knifes. Now that I had all the essential things for living I could now call Emily and ask her for help in moving in. Now that I think of it. I don't have clothes, a dresser, a washer, dryer, or a toothbrush or anything bathroom related. I walked over to the dollar store near by and bought myself anything and everything bathroom related; shampoo, conditioner, soap, toothbrush and paste, feminine items, towels, hair brush and many other things. After purchasing everything I asked used the public phone to call Emily. *ring, ring, ring* "hello?" 'Emily?' I asked "Yes, this is she." "Hi its Aventura, the girl