I do not own Harry Potter's world - JK Rowling does. Better Be Slytherin I It Had Better be Slytherin! Eleven year old Pansy Parkinson had just said goodbye to her mum and dad. She was lugging her heavy trunk down the corridor of the Hogwarts Express, looking for someone she knew (which were only a few) or an unoccupied compartment. After looking for a while, she got tired of dragging around her trunk, so she pushed open the door of a compartment full of boys who looked about her own age. They all turned to look at her when she stepped into the compartment, and stopped talking, sniggering and joking around. Pansy, confident as she was, figured it was best to introduce herself properly. "Hello boys, my name is Pansy Parkinson and I'll be making Slytherin," she said in a nonchalant tone – and then she added, "And I'm going to sit in here." She must have radiated confidence and power, even though she was only eleven years old. Since nobody replied her for a few second she took this time to acknowledge the boys in the room. There were five of them, all wearing black robes, just like her. A black boy with slanting eyes watched her disdainfully and sniggered. There were two fat boys about twice Pansy's size on both ends who looked stupid and troll-like. They both simply looked like they were set to zero, as if they did not have an opinion of their own. A small colourless scrawny boy with short greyish brown hair was simply sitting looking out the window, as if he did not care. The last boy was pale and had white-blonde hair and a pointy face. He locked glances with Pansy, his lip curling in a superior manner. "Parkinson, you said? You're Graham Parkinson's daughter?" the blond boy asked. Pansy pushed out her chin slightly in a defiant matter when the boys started sniggering. The blond boy exchanged a glance with one of the fat ones. "What's so funny?" snapped Pansy. The blond one turned back to her and looked satisfied. "My father's told me about your dad – I know who you are," he said smugly. "And that makes you feel well special, does it?" said Pansy cheekily. The boys started sniggering again. "Ooh, she's cocky," said one of the troll-like boys, with his mouth full of pumpkin pasty. Pansy felt satisfied with herself. The blond boy on the other hand did not look as content – Pansy figured he was not used to people giving him comments like that. He forced a cool smile. "Indeed, Vincent. No, I think we've actually met before, with our parents," the boy was once again addressing Pansy. Pansy nodded, but could not help thinking that this boy probably thought a bit too high of himself - who spoke like that at their age? He addressed the troll-like one who liked to eat, but kept his eyes at Pansy intensely. She did not avert her eyes even though she felt like she shrunk a bit. She reckoned that was his way of testing her – like he did not want to be friends with some sissy. Well, lucky for her then, she was not just a silly little girl. She was tough. Thinking back on it, Pansy thought that that was the moment where Malfoy had gotten his respect for her, because when he opened his mouth next, his tone was completely changed. "D'you want a pumpkin pasty? Greg's certainly had enough for today." Pansy nodded, tiny smile on her face. The blond boy motioned for the one with the slanting eyes to move so that Pansy could sit next to him. He seemed like some sort of leader, or that was the feeling she got – even though she did not know whether the boys all knew each other from before or if they had just met. Pansy had not liked the pale boy at first but he was improving in her eyes. She hid her smirk as the one with the slanting eyes narrowed them and moved to the side. Pansy settled down next to the blond boy, who gave her a pumpkin pasty and said: "I'm Malfoy, by the way, Draco Malfoy." "Oh, all right." She was sitting dangling her legs and nibbling her pumpkin pasty. Malfoy pointed at the troll-like ones. "That's Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle for you. And that's Theodore Nott." He pointed at the scrawny one. "And this is Blaise Zabini." He nodded towards the black boy. They all gave her a nod or mumbled "hiya" when he introduced them. "We're all planning on making Slytherin as well," declared Malfoy. "Brilliant!" "Yeah, my family's been in Slytherin for generation back as long as anyone can remember," Malfoy bragged. Pansy giggled enthusiastically. What a coincidence! "Oh, mine too!" "Your dad works at the Ministry, doesn't he?" Malfoy then asked her, referring to the earlier mentioning of Mr Parkinson. "My father does quite a bit of business round there." "Oh, does he? Yes, he's head of International Magical Office of Law, in the department of International Magical Cooperation," she replied proudly, quite recently having memorised the title. She noticed Malfoy's eyebrows lifting slightly. "What does your dad do?" she hastily asked. "I'm not quite sure, actually," he replied, frowning slightly. And then they got talking. Well, Malfoy was the most active one, probably. He babbled on about random things, and they joked around and suddenly Pansy realized she did not dislike him at all anymore. Pansy was being cheeky, but he seemed to like that. And they talked about chocolate frog cards they had collected, The Weird Sisters' new song, Hogwarts (Malfoy drawled about what his father thought of Dumbledore), and about Slytherin House, since everybody in there planned to become Slytherins. And then they somehow came to the matter of Harry Potter. "I heard he's on the train! D'you know if that's true?" said Pansy excitedly . Malfoy frowned. "But he's a baby." Pansy started laughing, and Zabini sniggered. "He was a baby eleven years ago when the Dark Lord tried to kill him, but you can't expect him to remain a baby for eleven years, can you! He's grown up since then, of course." Malfoy's cheeks turned slightly pink, he looked a bit irritated. Pansy smirked. "Blimey, Vince, Greg, did you hear that? Harry Potter!" In a small, colourless and sparingly decorated bedroom with faded wallpaper, a boy with an age of about fifteen slept under covers that were once white but now more beige. Besides the bed, in the room there were a desk full of papers, a half-full bookshelf with mostly books and some various objects, and also a set of joke products with Weasley's Wizard Wheezes written on them. A simple light bulb was hung from the ceiling, and in between the door frame and the shelf, there was a pile of books on the floor. On the window pane, a fat, greyish brown toad sat – asleep – just as the owner of the room. Theodore Nott woke up to pale September-light shining in through his window. His gangly bed creaked as he sat up on the edge of it and yawned. He hastily looked to the window, where Margaret sat on the window pane. Outside the sky was hidden in a layer of white. He saw dry grass and some trees by the horizon, but other than that, it was empty, except for a few sheep walking about in the meadow below the house. Theodore glanced at his trunk on the floor, half pushed in under the bed. It was empty. He had forgotten to pack his things the previous night, which he had planned to do. He glanced at the clock on the nightstand and discovered that it was not as late as he had thought, so he would have time to pack this morning before getting to the train. Theodore reckoned his father was at work, or away on business, because he noticed the house was empty and quiet as he grabbed a set of robes from a wardrobe hidden behind the door and got dressed. The old wooden floor creaked when he exited his room and headedfor the kitchen. Theodore's room was at the back of the small one-story house, and to get to the hall or kitchen, he had to go through the sitting room, a grey and dusty room that looked like it was not used commonly; a worn-out sofa, an armchair that looked hard, and a fireplace was the only furniture in the room. The walls were filled with bookshelves, which almost exclusively contained books with dark backs. Compared to his fellow house mates, Theodore reckoned, he was living quite simply. He went to the small kitchen and took out bread and pumpkin juice from the pantry. He sat down by the table and spread some butter on a piece of bread, poured himself a glass of pumpkin juice and had breakfast in silence. He returned to his room and packed his few belongings and some sets of robes into his trunk and then he Flooed to the rather shabby wizarding pub the Leaky Cauldron, leaving Norfolk hastily behind, and made his way to King's Cross by foot. He knew the streets of London quite well – he usually walked about there in the summer - thus he had no problem finding the train station. Even though the smoke-filled platform was crowded with other students and their families, Theodore simply pushed his way through and stepped onto the fiery red and whistling train. He quickly found an empty compartment where he settled down and looked out the window, wanting the train to just leave London. He wished all the other students would not take so much time saying goodbye to their parents. Pansy Parkinson pushed open the door to the compartment Draco Malfoy, Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle were occupying and stepped inside with a smug expression on her face. "Hello, boys." The three turned and looked at her. She noted that Vincent's eyes lingered on her chest for a moment, eyebrows slightly raised. Gregory muttered a simple "hiya" and returned to his comics. Malfoy immediately leaned his head slightly to one side and smirked at her. "All right?" His eyes travelled down to her chest, where her prefect-badge was. Malfoy, who had an identical copy of the badge on his own robe, gave a sort-of laugh and exclaimed: "I knew you'd get it! Let me see…" He beckoned her towards him. She smiled contently. She had not doubted for one second that he had become the second prefect in their house. Malfoy was the absolute favourite student of their Head of House, Snape, not to mention that the latter was long-time friends with Draco's father, who suitably enough was on the school board. Given that, it wasn't surprising that Pansy had been chosen, as, in Snape's words "Mr. Malfoy and Miss Parkinson cooperate nicely and have all the right morals". The compartment door slid close behind her as she went to sit next to Malfoy, who immediately fixed her badge where it was on her chest. "We're going to do prefect duties together now, just imagine it; we can boss everyone around... I knew you'd get it..." "Yeah, it'll be brilliant." Malfoy was now done re-attaching the badge onto her robe and had looked up at her. "Do you reckon Potter's got one?" he asked. "Probably. He is Dumbledore's pet, after all." Malfoy looked away now; he looked like he was thinking, as he mumbled: "You're probably right, yeah... He's The-Boy-Who-Lived – `course he had to get picked." He looked cross for a moment, and Pansy felt the urge to either try to cheer him up or mock him about it. Before she could do either, though, his face lit up into a big smirk, with his eyes still focused on something on the