Hi guys! I am i-have-a-llama-army and this is my first fanfiction. I have had the idea for this fic for a while now and it was one I could write up pretty quick, so I thought it would be a good start. The song in this story is "Hello" by Kelly Clarkson, and the cover image is a pic of Thrandy and Leggy by the amazing king's-blue-green. The link to his/her website is on my profile. Also, thank you to Issy, a guest reviewer who suggested that I extend the ending to the story to make it less abrupt. Thanks for your advice! I added more to the end, so I hope it is better. Also thanks to Biery5 for your review. Hope you enjoy! Yes I stumbled into the night We're touching but I feel like you are still out of reach Legolas stood next to his father, looking out among the people of Mirkwood. They all had their heads bowed, and his father was saying something, but he could barely hear it. All that kept running through his head was a memory that he could not he could not fight. " Legolas," his mother breathed, wiping the tears off his face from where she laid on the ground. "I love you, Greenleaf. I love you so much…" "Nana!" he said, grabbing one of her hands in both of his. Her eyes began to slide shut. "NANA!" "With time, we have begun to heal, and son we will be able to be the prince and king you deserve," Thranduil said, grabbing his son's hand and raising it up. "We shall be the kingdom we were once again!" The people cheered, but Legolas was barely aware of his father's hand. No, Ada. You may h ave begun to heal, but you weren't there, Ada. You weren't there. And it wasn't your fault. The people here are buzzing like a bug on a light I'm feeling like I always see them, but they can't see me Legolas sprang up in bed with a scream. "NANA!" he cried, letting the tears rundown his cheeks. "Nana…I'm sorry, Nana, it's my fault you can't still be here with Ada and me..." He slowly got up, knowing he would be able to sleep no longer. He silently left his room, shutting the door and sneaking towards his father's chambers, hoping to find comfort. However, a guard greeted him at the door. "My Prince," he said. "What are you doing here so late at night?" "I want to see my Ada," Legolas said, hoping this one guard could see past the calm façade he was wearing, that this one guard could see his bleeding soul. "I'm sorry, my Prince," the guard said, and the cold tone broke Legolas's heart. "Your father is sleeping, for the first time in days. No one is allowed to disturb him." The underlying tone of his voice said, 'you foolish elfling. Your father is in pain. Leave him be!' 'I'm in pain too!' Legolas wanted to scream. 'He wasn't even there! I was!' "Okay, hannon le for watching over him," Legolas said regally, marching back to his room mechanically. Standing by the window, he couldn't even appreciate the beauty of the sunrise in his despair. Sentimental feelings Never get me anywhere My heart continues beating Is there anybody, anybody? Hello? Sitting in his chair at a small council meeting, dressed up and wearing his circlet, which he hated, Legolas didn't know what to say. The lords of the kingdom entered and filled their places at the table, but one seat remained empty. His father's. After a few minutes of waiting in a tense silence, Legolas cleared his throat. "I am here on my father's behalf for this meeting," he said, trying to sit up tall enough to seem commanding, even though his legs didn't even touch the floor. "Let the council begin." As the people began to talk hesitantly, Legolas nodded and spoke when spoke to, knowing it was one thing he could do to keep his mind of his pain. After all, sitting there in his room doing nothing, as he had been doing, wouldn't get him anywhere. Legolas sat at the desk across from his tutor, who was talking about something or other, and he flipped through his book absentmindedly. 'Death among elves is very uncommon, but it is possible. Elves can be killed in battle or by grief…' Grief. That was what people told him his father was feeling, and what he decided he was feeling. Elves could die from it? Maybe that was why he felt himself becoming more disconnected from the world every day. Maybe he was fading. But maybe that was a good thing. Maybe it was the only way to escape his pain. Hello, Is anybody listening? Let go! As everyone lets go of me Oh oh, won't somebody show me that I'm not alone, not alone ' I;m surprised Ada hasn't sent someone to behead me yet,' Legolas thought. 'I am a kinslayer. I caused the death of my own mother!' He laughed mirthlessly, and the cold sound filled the air. Niethran, his tutor and caretaker and confidant, had cancelled their lesson again today. He was also a fairly talented healer, so he was helping to take care of the king. What he didn't know was that it was the prince who needed him more than the king. Yeah I'm coming through this desert of stone These faces on the statues that I used to know Wishing I was more than what my story has told Or hoping that I'm dreaming in the day and this isn't happening All of the faces blended together for Legolas. His tutor, the guards, the servants, the cooks, they all gave him the same look or pity. He didn't want pity, he wanted someone to hold him, he wanted his father to hold him, and tell him it would be alright. But he hadn't seen his father since he had been rescued, since his mother had been found dead. He used to know everyone in the palace by name. He used to greet them with a big smile every morning. But now he brushed them off like leaves in a breeze. They would give him nothing but pity, so he had no choice but to distance himself from them. Gotta keep it all together Longing for a hand to hold Keep clear on the shadows Is there anybody, anybody? His heart ached. He wanted his naneth. He wanted her to stroke his hair and hold his hand and sing to him in her soft, silky voice, tell his it wasn't his fault. But it would never happen again. Never, ever again. Never again. He lay on the bed, with no tears, no whimpers, nothing. Silence. His naneth was gone forever, and he finally knew that no amount of crying would bring her back. "Nana," he whispered, remembering how pale and cold she had looked in her coffin, surrounded by flowers. "I'm sorry, Nana…" Hello, hello Is anybody listening? Let go! As everyone lets go of me Oh oh, won't somebody show me that I'm not alone, not alone It was dark outside his window, and the moon had just passed its peak position in the sky. It was a little past midnight. He knew that this might be his only chance. Swinging his little legs over the bed, he knew it was probably be the last time he would do it, but for some reason, the thought didn't make him sad. He was… relieved, actually. He was relieved he could stop all of this emotion and let go of whatever it was that was holding him here. Leaping silently over his balcony into the balmy night air, he stepped light-footedly onto a nearby tree and ran across it with confidence. He jumped to the next tree, and the next, and the next. The minute he touched them they saw his intent and began to protest loudly, but he ignored them and continued on, until he reached the one he was looking for. It was a huge oak in the center of the forest, which he and his parents had visited many times when he was younger. Sliding down the rough trunk onto the ground, he pressed his forehead to it, sending memories. He knew if anyone would understand the tree would. 'You have been through much since I last saw you, penneth,' the tree said sadly. ' I just wish there was a solution other than the one you have in mind.' 'I have thought long and hard about this,' Legolas replied. ' In my mind I can see no other solution. Seeing her lying there at the funeral today made me decide. I need to meet her again and maybe then she will forgive me for taking her away from Ada.' 'Alright,' the tree said. ' I believe you when you say there are no other options. Rest easy, Greenleaf, for I shall inform the others of your kind what has happened. You will be more sorely missed than you realize, I fear.' Legolas laughed, a hollow, empty sound that rang throughout the clearing. The surrounding trees shuddered in fright at the change of the innocent elfling they had once known into this emotionless creature. 'No one shall miss me,' Legolas told the tree, and he lay with his head upon its roots. ' I wish I didn't know what was happening, that I was as innocent as they think I am…' It was time. Holding on to the memories of when I, I didn't know Ignorance isn't wise but it beats being alone It was the sunny morning after his wife's funeral when Thranduil finally came out of his grieving state. He knew that although the crying and anger of the past two weeks had done nothing to help his kingdom, but now that he was on the road to recovery, things could only improve. Sitting up, he yawned and stretched, feeling keenly the absence of his son and wife. Legolas often slept with his parents, but Thranduil didn't remember having seen his son at all over the past few weeks, other than at the hour long ceremony the day before, but his son had been strangely silent throughout the ordeal. Getting out of bed, the king of Mirkwood dressed and decided the first thing he would do was visit his son. He couldn't imagine what his precious Greenleaf had seen when he and his mother had been captured, and he cursed violently and doubled his speed as he thought about what his son must have been going through over the past weeks, without his Ada beside him. He reached up and knocked crisply on his son's door. "Legolas?" he called. There was no response. "Legolas?" Still nothing. "Legolas, ion-nin, I'm coming in," he said, pushing the old wooden door open and wincing as the hinges squealed. "Ion-nin?" he said, taking in the room. It was empty, and there was no sign of the toys on the floor that usually marked the room as an elfling's. His breath caught in his throat. The door to the balcony was open, and there was no one standing upon it. Hello, Is anybody listening? Let go! As everyone lets go of me Oh oh, won't somebody show me that I'm not alone, not alone Thranduil felt his heart beating frantically in his chest as he and a few members of the Royal Guard rode away from the palace. The whole castle had been searched, and there was no sign of his ion. Placing his hand upon the first tree he reached, he conversed with it quickly. ' Have you seen my son? Has he passed through here?' Thranduil asked, and the tree replied, seeming anxious. ' Yes. The prince came through here a few hours ago. You must hurry; he may already be lost…' ' Thank you,' Thranduil