Stone of Life Peverell Edition A.N This, is the first chapter of The Peverell Edition, the remastering of Book one. What this is, is me correcting mistakes in the book, and adding new content. Consider this, the Game of The Year edition of Stone of Life. Who knows, I may even include a "DLC" or two. Maybe something special… later on... Anyway, enjoy. -The Dark Tipped Snake. DISCLAIMER: I don't own Harry Potter. CHAPTER I: WE ALL DIE IN THE END Potter Cottage, Godric's Hollow, England. (Midnight, October 31st, 1981) "Sweetie… I don't know how to tell you this… I have always known you were a bright boy Hadrian, but you need to understand now." Lilith Kristine Potter, the wife of Britain's newest Dark Lord, James Potter, muttered in a soft voice. She was standing inside of the nursery they had built together inside the old home of James' uncle, the Potter Cottage. She was whispering to her only child, her son, Hadrian James Potter, in the dead of night. She was trying her hardest to explain to her son, while ignoring the sounds of her husband slowly dying on the ground floor below. She knew Dumbledore had come for them, and was slowly coming for her. "Hadrian… There is a man coming to us now… A very bad man. He just killed your father, and is most likely going to kill me now…. The bad man may seem nice, or even caring… but you must not listen to him. He will try and make you do things you don't want to, and maybe try to get you hurt. Don't trust him… The one mistake I have honey, is that I have to leave you alone in this cruel world." Lilith began to tear up at this point, as she looked at her young son, whose attention was focused solely on her. "I just hope Sirius or Tom are there for you… If not… I just want you to know Hadrian, your father and I… we will always love you." Hadrian then began to silently cry as well, as he knew what was coming next. "Now, now, honey… We all die in the end. Don't fight it, don't fear it. Just try to avoid it, but if you can't… Don't cry, don't give up. Just accept it. We will be waiting for yo-" She tried to assure her son, only to have her soul leave her body, as a green light hit her in the back. She let one last tear fall, and mouthed one last word of affection to her son, before she let go. "That was a sweet speech Lilith… but I must interrupt." Albus Dumbledore, living monster darkly said, as he stepped into the nursery. Dumbledore then locked eyes with the young Potter, and saw anger and contempt. "Oh, don't give me that look you runt! I'm just doing what's right…" Dumbledore stepped towards Hadrian's crib, and aimed his wand at the infant's head. "No offense child, but you were just unlucky… I'm just cleaning up the world, starting with the Potters." With that, Dumbledore sent out the simple green spell, which surprisingly didn't kill the boy, but sent a wave of pain back at Dumbledore. Hadrian Potter wouldn't die that easily. Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey, England ( November 1st, 1981) On the edge of the street, known as Privet, there was a small community garden. Surrounding the garden, was a white stone wall, which kept the plants from growing outward. Sitting atop the wall, was a cat. The grey and black Tabby Cat, merely sat there, doing most of nothing. Some people of the people noticed the cat, and the nicer of the bunch called to it, but upon being ignored, moved on. Being ignored bothered the cat, not even a tad bit. The small cat walked through the neighborhood, on it's journey of exploration. It had observed the place it roamed, and it's people. The mere cat checked where it was once or twice, just to know whether it had been correct in traveling here. While the cat wandered the area, it encountered an unpleasant man several times, who thought the cat was interested in the man's shoddy house. As if... It thought. Even after the humans had retired for the night, and went to join the realm of Morpheus, the cat remained conscious. After several hours of the cat's journey, it had found the wall with the view, and had settled there for the time spent. The cat had remained on the wall for a long period of time, just waiting for something to happen on the street. It took till midnight for the cat's wish to be granted. As if he had formed out of the air, a man suddenly stood on the street, brushing off his arms. The cat shot it's tail about, and looked sharply at the man, contempt in it's eyes at the sight of the man. The man was unique, as he looked terribly strange, as he dressed nothing like the residents of the street. As a tall person, he normally towered over most people, which infused a typical nerve of the man. His hair, was long like that of a madman, as the length and coloring of the hair was recognized as old. Both his hair and beard were long enough, that it gave the illusion that he never shaved them, which could have been very true. His clothing was mostly comprised of a pair of violet robes, which reached down to his ankles. His robes were accompanied by various pieces of golden jewelry, black boots, which also had buckles of the golden color. His eyes were of a unsettling blue color, that some would find beautiful, but had a twinkle in them that was slightly scary. In the moonlight, they shined brightly, giving them a frightening look. The name of this insane man, was Albus Dumbledore. It was relatively unknown why the man had come to the street, but only two people knew why he was there, and he was one of them. For you see, most people on the street would dislike him so much, they'd try their hardest to ignore him. They'd fail. He was focused on himself, which was the reason it took him several minutes to realized he was being watched. The only indicator that he gave at the realization that was being watched, was his sudden look at the cat, which was still staring at him all the way from top of the wall. His look was stopped quickly, as he looked down once more, and gave a simple mutter. "I should have known." After almost a minute, he found his object quarry. It seemed to be a silver cigarette lighter, but looks aren't what they seem. He flicked the top of it upwards, held it up high in the air, and flicked it with the tip of his thumb, and the nearest source of light went shadow black. He flicked the trigger once again, and the next light, that of a street lamp; joined it's brother in darkness. He used this 'lighter' twelve times until the street was bathed in darkness, making him nearly invisible. If anyone in their house looked out of their window now, all they would see was the dark of the night, and the shining moon. Once he had finished his task, Dumbledore slipped the tool back inside his cloak and set off down the street at a slow pace, until he arrived at house number four, where he then sat down on the wall next to the cat. He didn't bother to look down at the cat, but after a few seconds, he spoke a single sentence to the cat. "Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall." The old man turned to smile at the cat, but it had disappeared, and in it's place now sat a rather angry looking woman, who was dressed very similar to him, but with rather square glasses instead of Dumbledore's half ones. Her robes and cloak, instead of being horrifyingly purple like Albus', her's was a slight emerald colour. Her long black hair was drawn into a tight bun, which sat softly on top of her head. Her face was held tight, as her features matched her mood, wound-up and pissed. "How did you know it was me?" She asked him, though she slightly knew. Dumbledore could see almost everything, and didn't miss any details of thing around him. His deduction skills were unmatched, though he was becoming slightly senile, his skills were still there. "My dear Professor, I 've never seen a cat look so angry." He said, looking down at her, before looking once more at the house in front of them. "You'd be angry too, if you had to sit on a wall the entire night, waiting for you to arrive. " Professor McGonagall muttered, as she revealed that smidgen of information. Dumbledore stiffened at this revelation, and just looked at her once more. "I would ask how you knew this, but I won't. I know it's common knowledge of their deaths now, but I wish you didn't concern yourself so much." Professor McGonagall sniffed at the words, and struggled to keep in her tears. She instead sent a cold and icy glare at the murderer. "I couldn't ignore it, and I won't celebrate a loss of life…. Unlike the filth you call people." She said angrily at him, before continuing. "They are all monsters, rampaging and practically screaming out their happiness. They're all so loud, the Muggles are even catching on. " She jerked her head, motioning towards the Dursleys' dark living-room window, where a television was left on, broadcasting the news of strange occurrences. "The Muggles might be left out, but they're not completely stupid. They were bound to notice something with everything they've been seeing. There is all these wizards running around celebrating, there is swarms of owling carrying letters, and there was a firework storm down in Kent!" She exclaimed in a flurry of anger and emotion. "I'll bet that was Dedalus Diggle, the damn fool never had much sense in matters like these. Why'd he even think shooting stars were a good idea? He torched a bloody farm!" "You can't blame them," Dumbledore said gently. "The Wizarding world just dodged a bullet last night, you can't expect them to not celebrate their survival." "I know that," Professor McGonagall muttered irritably. "But we can't just be stupid because we're 'safe', I mean… people are just running around in the muggle world, yelling to the world how happy they are." "I agree, they could be more careful, but they're excited Minerva. Let them be" He said softly, but firmly. She then quickly threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but when he didn't, she went on. "You know, it's strange, isn't it? That the Potter family would drop...dead, right when it would be convenient for us all… Albus, you wouldn't know anything about what happened would you?" She asked while reading his face for any reaction. "Minerva," Dumbledore said, growing annoyed at her questioning. "I promise you, I have no idea what happened to them, and if I did, I would tell all of you" He said carefully. I need to end this conversation, and quickly... Dumbledore thought to himself, while slightly on nerve. "Would you care for a Jelly Baby?" He said casually while holding out a tan bag containing the gummy treats. "A what?" She said while staring at him as if he had just grown a second head. "A Jelly Baby. They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm grown rather fond of recently. Apparently they're famous because of some show on their television, and because of it Jelly Babies are so expensive." He said, while growing even greater anger. "No, thank you," Professor McGonagall bit back coldly, as she didn't