Author's Note: The wait for this installment of Piece of Darkness was a lot shorter, wasn't it? I have it all written, so you'll be getting a weekly update. There's twenty chapters, so you'll have a chapter a week for the next twenty weeks! Remember, this fic is the second in a series. Piece of Darkness I - A Knight or a Pawn is the first in the series, and if you don't read that before this you'll only have a half-assed idea of what's going on. Enjoy. Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson. All my fanfic writings are non-profit. 'Tis all for fun. Piece of Darkness II - Gambit Chapter One "Take an eye for an eye! Turn your heart into stone! This is all I have lived for! This is all I have known!" – Jean Valjean, 'Les Miserables' Play has begun. The pieces have been prepared and set out, the players have sat down to the game, and the opening moves have been made. So what comes next? What comes next in this terrible game of chess, a game which has brought such terrible consequences upon so many? What comes next in this story of raging darkness and flickering light? As in any chess match, one thing inevitably follows the initial moves: the game's first gambit, when one of the players makes some sacrifice so as to gain an overall advantage. This is the story of that gambit. I closed the door behind me, and frowned. Everything in our apartment seemed fine - there were no tell-tale broken windows, open doors or burning buildings - but I had a vague sense that something was amiss. My parents were both out, and I was just arriving home from the library (it was the middle of June, and I was already deep into my summer reading list), so our home was silent - eerily so. I shook my head, shifted my bag of books from my left hand to my right and began climbing the stairs. I was probably just being paranoid - excessively so. After all, no-one had even tried to kidnap me since that one time a son of Erebus had chloroformed me and took me to his lair on the other side of the country, so surely I had nothing to worry about! But as I always say, getting kidnapped is like riding a bike - you never forget. I walked across the landing towards my bedroom door. As my mind drifted back to the events of the previous summer, I thought of Camp Half-Blood. I hadn't been there since Easter, and I was hopeful that I could put off going back for another few weeks. After all, things had been very quiet for the last few months, and this lack of drama was starting to make the idea of an imminent, terrible war seem pretty daft. With this encouraging thought on my mind, I opened my bedroom door to find Jake Wilson - the aforementioned chloroforming, kidnapping son of Erebus - sitting at my chess table, calmly gazing out the window. (What was that I was saying about things being quiet? Why must the universe always contradict me?) I shouted out (as if that was going to do any good), and plunged my hand into my bag, wildly searching for my dagger, but I quickly realised that I'd left it in my bedroom that morning. In fact, I'd left it on the table, so it was now sitting right in front of the Dark One. I paused to give the intruding demigod one of my evilest glares. His chair - my chair - was a little removed from the table, and the son of Erebus sat in it with an easy grace: his feet stretched out before him, his arms resting on the chair's sides. He hadn't moved a muscle when I'd opened the door, and was still steadily staring out the window. I drew in a preparatory breath, gathering myself, intending to rush at the son of Erebus in an attempt to do him bodily harm, when he looked around. "Oh, hi there," Jake Wilson said calmly, as though we were in fact good friends. "I was hoping you'd arrive soon. By all means, sit down. I'm here to talk." "You're…what?" I said slowly, slightly confused that he hadn't immediately tried to kill or kidnap me. "I come, on this one occasion, in peace," he said coolly, watching me with a hint of mirth in his dark eyes. "Sit down." I stood in the doorway for a long, tense moment, before huffing in distaste and marching over to my bed. I kept a close eye on the intruding demigod as I reached underneath the bed for my fold-up stool. (Nico's visits had been increasingly frequent over the past year, and after listening to him whine endlessly about having to sit on my bed, I'd given in and bought the stool.) I dropped my bag onto the bed and moved towards my table. Still watching Wilson as though he was a wild animal, I opened up the stool and placed it opposite him. "How did you get in here?" I asked as I sat down. "I suppose you're wondering about the wards," Wilson said promptly. "Well, the security measures that Nico and the Hecate kids put in are very efficient - they keep out anyone who intends to do you harm, but since I don't intend to do you harm today, I walked in without a problem." I eyed Wilson carefully. It was a little worrying that he knew so much about my protections, but then it didn't really surprise me. What did surprise me, though, was that he didn't have his sword, that his aura was so calm, and that he did not have the intimidating air which had surrounded him the last few times I'd seen him. I was very reluctant to believe it, but it looked very likely that the son of Erebus was telling the truth about not coming to do me harm. "Then what do you want?" I said, though not as brusquely. It's hard to keep up the antagonism when your mortal enemy suddenly starts acting like a normal human being. "Oh, I was in the area, thought I'd drop by," Jake said airily. I gave him a blank look, and he added, "Though I was wondering… have they told you about the prontos profiteia yet?" Wilson had first mentioned this mysterious prophecy back in the good old days when he'd been nice enough to kidnap me. I'd asked Nico about it, but he'd been as clueless as me, and I hadn't gotten a good moment to ask Chiron, the ancient centaur who seemed to know everything. "No," I said flatly, "and you didn't risk coming here to ask me stupid things like that, so why don't you cut the crap and get to the point?" Wilson didn't reply, but sighed heavily. He closed his eyes and rubbed them, seeming almost weary. Now that he wasn't looking, I examined him more closely. He looked a little older, a little more worn. His tanned, handsome face was not yet lined with age, but it seemed a little too drawn, a little too pained. He wore the same leather jacket, T-shirt and jeans, and he had grown a little taller. Despite having an air of tiredness, though, he seemed, strangely, stronger and more powerful. I felt a new emotion as I looked him over. I still had that sense of instinctive dislike which I'd borne towards the half-blood ever since I'd first seen him downstairs in my father's shop. Now, though, this was accompanied by a strange sense of familiarity. It was not that I felt like I knew him, exactly, but I felt as if I had some kind of old, deep and completely inexplicable bond with the son of Erebus. Wilson opened his eyes, and I quickly looked away before he could catch me looking at him. I didn't want the kidnapper to think I was interested in what he had to say, after all. "Remember when we last met?" he said quietly, glancing out the window again. "No," I said drily. "When was that? It must have been so fleeting, I can't recall it. Was I unconscious or something?" Jake rolled his eyes, and for just a moment he looked like a normal guy. Even though I knew he was probably here to try to make me join his crazy fight against the gods, that glimpse of normality made me happy to listen to what he had to say. "I remember," I added. "What about it?" "I know you don't believe anything I told you," the son of Erebus said, straightening up in his seat. "I know that you don't want to join me, but did you wonder, even for a minute, why I choose this? Why I hate the gods?" I thought back to that chat we'd had in my tiny cell. "You told me why," I replied. "You believe that the gods killed your mother." "Oh, yeah," Wilson said, "I forgot I told you that." He paused, looking thoughtful, and dragged his chair closer to the table so that he was sitting squarely across from me. "You don't believe it, though, right? You think I'm deluded or that I'm just crazy?" "Well…" I considered that for a moment. I certainly didn't believe that the gods had killed Jake's mother just because they didn't like him, but nor did I think that he was nuts enough to completely make something like that up. "I don't really know," I told him, meeting his eyes. "I don't believe anything you say, but I don't completely disbelieve what you told me." Jake laughed - a normal, calm laugh, rather than the crazy, angry laugh you'd hear from a corny villain. "I admire your honesty, Cyrus," he said cheerfully. "It's annoying, but it's nice to talk to someone who doesn't feel compelled to grovel." "If you could see things the way I can, you'd be this honest, too," I said, not thinking. The words had barely left my lips before I started cursing myself for giving away far too much information. I'd studiously avoided telling Wilson anything about my sight, and now in a moment of stupidity I'd given him the thread he could use to draw out everything. Wilson seemed unsurprised, however. Instead of starting to question me, he said, "Oh, I meant to mention that." I eyed him warily. What fresh hell was this? "They haven't told you about the prophecy yet, but have they told you that you have pure sight?" Wilson asked coolly, as he picked up one of my chess pieces and rolled it between his thumb and forefinger. "Pure what ?" I said flatly. I really don't appreciate being reminded how little I know. "Your sight, Cyrus," Wilson said, in that vaguely supercilious tone which made me want to introduce his head to the wall. "It's not just clear sight, which one mortal out of a hundred thousand has. The sight you have is something that comes along once in a generation - maybe not even that often." I stared at him. I wasn't sure what to be more astonished by - the fact that he knew so much about my sight or the fact that he seemed to know more than I did. A sudden hope lit up my mind - perhaps, in an ironic twist, the Dark One would be the person who'd finally answer my questions? "But what is it?" I asked, rather hopefully. "What is pure sight?" I held my breath in anticipation, watching Jake carefully. He did not look at me, still examining the chess piece, and shrugged. "That's a story for another day," he said softly. "I just thought I'd give you a little thread to pull, but I'm not here to tell you about yourself." "Then why are