Author's Note: Hello again. EXTRA NOTE: This is turning up several days after the deadline as I had technical issues with uploading it. As is seemingly now tradition, here is the first chapter of the latest instalment of Piece of Darkness being published on the first Friday of September! I hope y'all like it. And I hope the review count for this story is better than the last one. As I am in university now, updates may be less frequent, not that any of you are baying for updates anyway. The usual rules apply. Try to read previous books including Rise of the Forgotten if you want to understand everything. And review! Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson. All my fanfic writings are non-profit. 'Tis all for fun. Piece of Darkness IV - Initiative Chapter One This thought led to a sudden, irrational fear. For a moment he felt the way you did when you suddenly realized you had swum out too far and the water was over your head. There was an intuitive flash. We're being drawn into something. Being picked and chosen. None of this is accidental. Are we all here yet? – Stephen King, 'It' Never lose the initiative. In any conflict situation, initiative is vital to victory. Perhaps the clearest example is chess. Here, initiative is the question of which player is responding, and which player is acting . In conflict, you don't want to be responding. You need to be acting. Initiative means the difference between success and failure - hell, between life and death. If you gain the initiative, hang onto it with everything you have. If you lose it, drag it back as fast and as hard as you can. That's not all, though. Being trapped in a position of defensive response is bad. Fatal. But not even realising it? Being totally unaware that your every move is being dictated by your opponent? That's even worse. The end of the world began on a cold, dark day in the middle of June. The sky outside my bedroom window was an iron grey, like a sword dulled by too much blood. Dark clouds had reached the city a few days before, and since then the light of the sun had been kept from us, as though withheld by some celestial director. And there was something else. The weather had an oppressive edge to it that was nothing to do with rain or sunshine. The clouds had brought with them an ominous atmosphere, as though they were the harbinger, or perhaps just the forewarning, of wicked things yet to come. But that had to be my morbidly overactive imagination playing tricks on me. I sat in my room, reading a book, now and then glancing out at the strange weather. I'd just returned from a visit to a friend: I'd gotten a lot better at dealing with normal human beings in the last few months. My time at a camp full of crazy demigods had done wonders for my people skills. Now, as I looked up at the sky on this odd June day, I was thinking about Camp Half-Blood for the first time in weeks. I hadn't been back since December, nor had I felt any need to return. At first, when I'd stormed out of camp after a terminal argument with Zack Walker, I'd assumed I'd hear from Chiron again. I thought he'd send an emissary, just as he had the first time I'd left the demigod sanctuary, when Nico di Angelo had come to my home to guilt-trip me into coming back. No-one had come. The months went by, and I was relieved as the span of days separated me from Camp Half-Blood. It was as though the whole melodramatic world of living Greek mythology had never even existed. By May, I was convinced that I would never hear anything from that world again. It was just a bad dream, painful for a moment but soon forgotten. But today, I couldn't shake the feeling that I'd been hasty in that judgement. I didn't know why, but I was filled with an instinct which had never been wrong before, an inner surety which told me that something was coming. (It was only much later that I realised it was two years to the day since Nico had come on that guilt-tripping mission. Talk about history repeating itself.) And there was another thing. I had the odd feeling that I'd forgotten something, mislaid some crucial information amidst the madness. But I had no idea what, it was just a question without words at the edge of my mind. So these were my thoughts, as I sat at the window. The apartment was quiet, with my dad working in the shop downstairs and my mom shut up in her study. I could hear only the formless rumbles of traffic in the street below, and the faint noises of people in the shop. That calm made it easy to sense the approach of the Olympian. I turned over a page, and felt a familiar tension form in my gut. It was abrupt and intense, the kind of feeling experienced when you find that a heavy object is, without warning, hurtling towards your head. It was also the pressure I felt when I was in the presence of a god. I glanced around the room, shutting my book. There was a pressure at the back of my head, too, but not a headache. It was more like the uneasy sensation of running out of oxygen. I suddenly felt afraid. The terror of the unknown filled me as the tension in my gut worsened. I didn't know what was going on, and only the thought of the protective wards, installed on the apartment nearly two years before, kept me still. And then, with a cold sharpness, I was certain that there was someone standing outside my bedroom. This wasn't even instinct. I knew something was about to step into the room. I stared at the door, trying to remember where I'd left my dagger. If a monster had come for me, my only choice would be to fight, but I didn't know where the damn weapon was— I started to stand up, when the door swung open and Lady Hestia, goddess of the hearth, stepped into my bedroom. I fell back in my chair, unease giving way to pure astonishment. She strolled in, her appearance the same as when I'd first met her on Olympus. The ancient goddess looked no older than eleven or twelve, and her only remarkable features were her flame-eyes and powerful aura. Her arms swung at her sides, and her face was set in a calm expression. Without her even touching it, the door swung shut. Hestia stopped, and stood very still, a few feet away from me. "I apologise for the psychic intrusion," she said, in a contrite tone. "I realised that my unannounced arrival would greatly alarm you, and I sent a premonition of my coming into your mind." I just stared at her. What the hell was she doing here? Had she come to make me work with the gods again? Was she going to threaten me? Or talk to me in that demure voice until I gave in out of pure embarrassment? I'd heard of divine intervention, but this was ridiculous. A dim sense of the need to be polite was the only coherent thought I could manage, and I muttered, "Uh. Hi. D'you want to sit down?" Hestia inclined her head, and turned to reach under my bed. I would've been astonished that she knew the fold-up stool was under there, but I'd already passed the event horizon of disbelief. I just watched in confusion as she pulled the stool out, opened it, and sat down in front of me. "What— why— what are you doing here?" I stammered. Hestia's flame-eyes made it hard to read her expression, but she looked amused. She didn't say anything, just sat there, watching me. For some reason this confirmed my first thought - she was intervening on the gods' behalf, drawing me back into their world. Anger boiled up in me, and my unresolved rage with the Olympians reemerged before I could stop it. "You're here to make me come back, aren't you? You and the rest of the gods have run into trouble, or something's gone wrong, and now you've come back to me because I'm the guy with the pure sight. You're here because of the goddamn prontos profiteia ." Hestia just eyed me. "Hell, it doesn't matter who I am, does it? The only important thing is that I'm the guy standing in this spot at this moment. I'm the Lightbringer, the guy who got landed with the job. Well, I gave up the job. I don't want it. You hear me? I don't want it ." I came to an abrupt stop as I ran out of words, feeling unnerved. Hestia's expression hadn't changed throughout my tirade. She sat, completely still, watching me without a flicker of emotion. I shifted in my seat, and wondered if I'd just signed my own death warrant. Then, to my surprise, the goddess bowed her head in a deferential nod. "You are correct in what you say about my fellow Olympians," she murmured, without any hesitation in her tone. "It is true that they have no interest in you as Cyrus Wright, but are merely desirous of securing your help as the Lightbringer. It is for that reason, and no other, that they requested my help in convincing you to rejoin the fight against the son of Chaos." I nodded angrily, but the fight was already fading out of me. It's tough to stay mad at someone who's agreeing with you. "However, my interest in you is more complex that that," the goddess continued, meeting my gaze. For the first time since she'd entered the room, I remembered the curious way Hestia had treated me when we'd met on Olympus. She'd spoken to me with familiarity, almost friendliness, which had made no sense at the time. So much had happened afterwards that I'd completely forgotten about it, until now. "What are you talking about?" Hestia began to speak, then stopped herself and looked away, searching for the words. I sat there, wondering, sensing the approaching revelation like an animal anticipating an earthquake. "Have you ever seen your aura?" The question surprised me, and though I knew the answer, I was slow in answering, "Uh. Yes. Nico showed me when we first met, about two years ago." "Good," Hestia nodded. "There was something remarkable about it, was there not?" I frowned as I thought back. I remembered my aura had been a shocking bright red, almost like an ethereal fire had wrapped itself around me. Nico had showed me the auras of other mortals, in comparison, and they were nothing like mine. "Yeah," I said, unsure where this was headed. "Yeah, there was." Hestia folded her arms. There was silence between us for a long moment before she spoke again. "As you have seen, the children of the gods always have auras that are similar to those borne by their godly parents," she said, looking out the window. "Conventionally, blood relation is the only way a human can take on a godlike aura. "There are, however, exceptions to that rule. Sometimes a god may wish, or have the need, to bestow a powerful aura upon a mortal. The most well-known instance is Artemis's Hunters. When they pledge allegiance to the goddess and join the Hunt, they gain her blessing and take on an aura far more powerful than their original one. "Auras are far more important than most people realise. They are a reflection and an expression of a soul's power. As one's power grows, so one's aura develops, and if the aura gains new strength, one takes on new powers or abilities."