Let it Burn By Katlady13 Many years ago, the world was whole, but its people were sickened with hatred. They fought. They destroyed. They were not satisfied with the flames around them, so they made more weapons, each more devious and devastating than the former, each wreaking havoc and death more furious than before, until finally the last weapon was created. The executioner. No one remembers which forgotten nation created it, or what reason they gave for its deployment. All we know now, is that this new type of bomb didn't just destroy. It caused change. They changed things, down to the cellular level, how cells replicated; they mutated them. In the next generation, the children born to survivors began to have strange dreams when they reached puberty. Visions of breathing under water, pillars of air hard enough to crush bone, the earth opening and swallowing people whole at their command, and walking through flames unharmed. Soon after, these children became what we now call elementals. People with the ability to control the elements. They are very strong and very dangerous. They nearly eradicated the remainder of the world in the Dark Days. Somehow, we came together, and defeated them. Out of the ashes of what they left behind, a new Kingdom arose: Panem. In this land, there are twelve districts and in the center of them is the Capitol. Each district is overseen by its Duke, who is responsible for their order and prosperity. All Dukes must answer to our King, Coriolanus Snow. Our King has always put our safety above all else. That is why he initiated the Games. The Games are for children, twelve to eighteen, and are designed to weed out future elementals, or those who may carry the gene. Any child who begins showing symptoms, such as the dreams, night sweats, intense headaches or fever must be reaped and sent through these Games. There, they will be tested for each element, and either the suspicions will be unfounded or the child will be put to death, before they can become dangerous. No child, on record, has ever returned from the Games. No elementals have been seen in decades. Part One In District Twelve, the noble family is Mellark, and Duke Mellark is a kind and generous ruler, as his father was before him. He ensures his people have work and safety. He is married to a wife who views her position as one of power, not service, and this has caused many difficulties throughout the years. None worse than how they are to raise their only child, their son, Peeta Mellark. They both agree, that as he is the heir to the dukedom, his own future cannot be left to chance, this his future marriage has already been decided. His bride-to-be, however, was a subject that infuriated the Duke's wife, and she has never let anyone think otherwise. Nonetheless, a contract was signed by both Duke Mellark, and the girl's father, Mr. Everdeen who promised their eldest daughter Katniss would wed young Peeta, once they were both of age. She is also of noble blood, on her Mother's side, and is therefore believed to have a very low chance of passing on the Elemental gene. Once the contracts were signed, both fathers agreed it would be beneficial for their children to spend time together as they mature, so that come their nuptials, they would be comfortable. It was quite common, in arranged marriages, for the children to become playmates, or be raised together, for this very reason. For the young couple, they are to spend each summer together, in the cottage house of the Mellark family. It is of a generous size, and will be fully staffed with maids, cooks and of course their guards. Some of the time, other family members are present as well, but for the majority, it is just the two of them. It has been this way for many years, and thus, neither child remembers a time when the other was not in their life. They have grown quite fond of each other, believing they will always have these summers together. Five The first memory Peeta will remember, is the day his father takes him to meet Katniss Everdeen. He is excited to be spending the day in another village, called the Seam, wandering around their Hob looking at the vendor's wares. His father tells him it is a very special day, and that he will be meeting someone very important. As he is led through all of the different vendor's stalls, he completely forgets about that special person. Time alone with the Duke is rare, but that's what makes it so much more special, and Peeta pays close attention to everything he says. His father, knowing the life his son would lead, and the childhood he would be denied by both his station and his mother, wants to ensure Peeta knows he is loved, and has fond memories of growing up. Today, he purchases peppermint sticks for him, and allows him play kick-ball with the other children, and even encourages him to drink the broth from his stew right out of the bowl. When his son finishes, he announces loudly, "I think this might be the best day of my life!" The Duke chuckles, and then seeing someone coming into the Hob, stands and takes his son's hand, "Well, I hope we can make it even better." Then he leans down, and points out a young girl his age, walking with her own father. "Do you see her, Peeta?" Peeta watches the girl for a moment, wondering if this was who he was meeting today. She has olive skin that speaks of time outside, two thick dark braids that caught the sunshine and a red plaid dress on. "I see her, Father." "Good," his father's deep voice thrums in his chest, "because she's very important." Then he pauses and smiles just enough that his laugh lines show his age, "You know, I almost married her mother." Peeta could not contain the gasp that bursts from his lips, as he is completely scandalized that his father might have ever married anyone other than his own mother. "What? What happened?" he questions in a squeaky voice, belying his anxiety. His father laughs, putting Peeta more at ease, "Well, she decided to give up her future as my wife, to marry another man. That girl's father, just there." He points to the tall man who held her hand. He is dark like his daughter, with a full beard the same color as her hair, and a wide smile. "He's a coal miner here." Peeta frowns at this new information, thinking that could not be true. "How could she do that?" he asks, completely confused as how anyone could turn down marriage with the Duke of any district. His father scratches his beard, thinking over how he could answer this simple question, but in terms his five year old son can grasp. "Well, I loved her, but she fell in love with that man. When she told me…well Peeta, when you love someone, you only want them to be happy, right?" Mulling this over, he thinks about how much he loves his father, and wants him to be happy all the time, so that part makes sense. "Right." "So then, if someone else makes that person you love happy, would you stop them from spending time together?" His gruff voice makes Peeta realize that he was, maybe, having a hard time talking about this lady who had decided to marry someone else. Maybe he misses her. "No Father, I would never do that." He answers softly. This makes the Duke very proud of his son, and continues on with a small smile, "So, when she told me that marrying that man, instead of me, would make her happy, I had to let her go. She's been happy ever since." Peeta isn't sure how anyone could not love his father. He is the best person he knows, and living in the Keep, he meets all kinds of people. "But, why would she want a coal miner when she could have you?" It's an innocent question, but it smacks too closely to his wife's own classist views, and the Duke knows he has to make his point gently but clearly. "Peeta, my boy, there is nothing wrong with being a coal miner. It is what this district lives on. We would not be here today, without those coal miners, okay?" The tiny blond boy huddles into his father's arms for reassurance, and nods. "Okay, now about how she chose him? Well, she heard him sing. It only took one time. She told me his voice was so beautiful, even the birds stop to listen." Frowning, the Duke's heir considers this, but shakes his head, making his blond waves flop side to side. "I have never heard a voice like that." His father smiles broadly, "No son, you haven't, but I think one day you will. See, that girl? One day, a long, long time from now, you are going to be married. You'll have to tell me if she can sing like her father does." Peeta's eyes open wide, and his mouth drops open comically, looking at the girl and then back to his father. Marry a girl? He is only five, and that girl-well she's pretty, but still! "Don't worry Peeta, it's a long ways down the road. For now, just come and say 'Hello' to her." His father soothes him, patting him on his back and laughing softly. So, Peeta meets the girl, Katniss. She has grey eyes that flash, and he notices she must get them from her father, whom she never strays from. "Hello," Peeta's nervous voice chokes out. Katniss looks at him for a long time, narrowing her eyes slightly, as if she is deciding once and for all if they would be friends or not. Just when Peeta thinks she hasn't decided in his favor, she smiles brightly, "Hi." Peeta decides maybe girls aren't so bad, after all. Ten "Peeta! Come on, you've got to hurry!" Katniss calls behind her as she races ahead of him, running head long into the tree line and disappearing from sight. The heir to the Mellark family runs after his best friend as fast as his short legs allow, which unfortunately isn't very fast. Katniss can beat him in any race, though she never gloats over it. The boy panics, because they're hiding from their mutual guards, and if he doesn't make it into the cover of the woods fast enough, they'll be found out. Katniss had wanted to spend the day in the woods, and Peeta had readily agreed, because he never got to go exploring like this at home. The only problem is, if he doesn't stick close to her, he gets terribly lost, every single time. It looks like this is going to be one of those times. He thinks she went in, right between these two trees, so he lopes toward them and just as he passes the tree line a tanned hand shot out and caught his wrist, "Come on, this way!" she laughs. Pulling him along behind her, she dodges patches that might trip him up, and darts through the trees to keep them well hidden. He marvels at how sure-footed she is, not making a sound as her little feet hit the ground. Unlike his own feet, that sound as loud as a horse clomping around the stone bailey. He wishes he was fast and quiet like Katniss. Maybe he could hide and no one would find him. He is just starting to run out of breath when Katniss stops abruptly in front of a tall tree, heavy with branches and green leaves. They both pant heavily, but can still hear a guard calling 'Master Peeta! Miss Katniss!" They grin simultaneously, but realize they will be