I open my eyes only to narrowed them at the bright light from the light above my head. I'm in a white room a door is somewhere along the wall to my right but I can't tell you off from memory where it is. I wonder briefly if it's locked after my late night outings recently. I had been walking around the halls in the dead of night. I scowl when I think of the guard that found me last night. He forced me back to this room and left after plugging me into a machine that helps me sleep. Or so they say it's suppose to. It doesn't work well for me. I guess it's because my nightmares are nothing like they've experienced in Thirteen. I came here after the Quell to be the mockingjay. I dislike everyone and everything here even Gale and Haymitch. I can't forgive any of them for leaving Peeta and Chase in the arena. Even more so I hate Thirteen for leaving the remaining Twelve districts to fight against the Capitol for seventy five years. For not even flinching when they heard about the games that had rose from the Dark Days. I can't believe the other surviving citizens of Twelve. They work right alongside Thirteen as if they have been friends all their lives. Even those like Haymitch who knows what the games are like. The only person I can forgive is Finnick Odair. A victor from District 4, he understands why I hate the people here, Mags who had been his mentor and practically raised Finnick was killed in the arena. The love of his life was taken by the Capitol just after the games. He knows how I feel and unlike other people he doesn't tell me how I am lucky to be here. He understands when we talk about how we wish everyone in the Capitol was dead including Annie, Peeta and Chase. When we talk about wishing that they were dead and we were too. Away from the games and the nightmares that the memory of the games will forever bring even after the war is long over. Gale however I menton Peeta and he looks hurt. I talk about Chase and he looks away from me. Gale is a tall muscular man he's nineteen years old. He super handsome and all the girls drool over him. We've been hunting partners since our fathers died in the mines. He's a great hunter and can set amazing snares. He has feelings for me and since the first games when Peeta declared his love for me and all the kissing that happened in the arena. His and mine friendship hasn't been the greatest. He can't forgive me for not telling him about Peeta and I's engagement or me not telling him I was pregnant. He can't see that all I did was to keep Peeta and I alive in the arena. I sigh squinting makes my head hurt so I close my eyes again. Images of the Quell swim under my closed eyelids. Peeta's face, Johanna hitting the spool of wire on my head, the hovercraft appearing in the sky and my arrow hitting the force field before I blacked out. I am reminded of my only meeting with Haymitch since the last games. When he told me where my newborn son Chase -who was born in the arena- and his father are. My heart feels as though it rips in two when I think of Peeta and I's son. A image of him curled up between Peeta and I in the arena swims into my vision. Sleeping peacefully, calm, thanks to Peeta, unaware that in a few short hours he would be captured by the Capitol, being tortured. I hear the door to my room in the hospital open. I open my eyes and looked up at the ceiling trying not to squint my eyes at the bright light. It's Gale he sits in a chair beside my bed and takes my hand. I pull it away. "Don't," I say harshly. He flinches as if I had just hit him he looks at me with concern and sadness. "Katniss the doctors say you're healed president Coin won't give you much time to mourn Peeta," he says he looks like he trying to be more caring. "You think it's just Peeta I'm mourning?" I ask still somewhat harsh. "Katniss I don't think Snow will do anything to Chase," Gale whispers. I glare at him "really? Then you don't know Snow!" I say simply. Gale stares at me holding my glare "Katniss Coin wants to see you." "I don't want to talk about the rebellion!" I snap. "I know you don't but…." he trails off. "Gale no one here knows what I feel they've lived underground for years! My son and fiance might be getting tortured as we speak!" I say. Gale looks less sympathetic at the word 'fiance' he looks at his hands. I looks back at the ceiling. I start to think of the lines I've been told to tell myself when my thoughts get fuzzy. I'm Katniss Everdeen. I'm from district twelve. I was in the Hunger Games. I survived. Twelve no longer exists. Peeta my fiance and my son Chase were taken. They could be dead. It's probably best if they are dead. I stop, thinking of Chase and Peeta is too painfully. The thought of the two people I have loved more than my father and sister, dead. I feel like I've failed Peeta. Gale turns to look at the door and Plutarch Heavensbee came into the wing. I look up at him my face emotionless. "The president has requested to see you," he tells me. "I've heard," I say sharply. Plutarch Heavensbee was the former head gamemaker for the Quell or that's what I was told. Turns out he was an undercover worker of Coin the president of District Thirteen. I've been told I owe him my life since he got me out of the arena. But I believe it, he didn't do me a favor to save me for Coin, instead of saving Peeta and Chase. Plutarch smiles sympathetically "Katniss Peeta isn't going to stop fighting. You have to help him." I sigh and this makes me hate him more because he's right. Peeta wouldn't stop fighting unless he knew Chase and I were dead. I sigh "fine. For Peeta." Gale frowned at this but doesn't say anything. I sit up and glare at Gale. They leave and I change into the gray jumpsuit that all the people here wear. I comb my hair out with my hand and then put it in a braid down my back. I open the door and walk down the hall. Gale waits at the lift and he opens the door and slide it closed once we step inside. It's starts to rattle and shake as we move. I study my shoes hoping he'd get that I don't want to talk. "Katniss," he starts. "Gale I don't want to talk!" I say stopping him. Gale sighs before opening the lift door. I lead the way down the hall and through the door. I stop in my tracks at the door. Plutarch and Coin sit talking across the table. Boggs a head commander sits alone staring at the light on the roof that was flickering. While Haymitch looked back at me. "What are you doing here?" I ask harshly knowing I shouldn't have the moment it leaves my mouth. The president looks up at me. Her gaze disapproving. Boggs looks away from the light and stares at Gale and Haymitch as if I'm not here. Plutarch however looks quite calm his gaze shifting from the president to me. "I happen to be part of the executive team sweetheart," he replied. I stare at him for a few moments before Gale leads me over to sit in front of the president. I sit down Gale sits in the seat on my right. I frown when Haymitch takes his seat on my left. I look at the president. "Soldier Everdeen," she greets me. I nod my own greeting. She pauses to look at me. "Miss Everdeen as you now when you shot that arrow in the arena you caused an uprising. They are still uprising but they're starting to draw back," she says. "How's that have anything to do with me?" I ask. "As the mockingjay you are the spark of the rebellion. People don't know if you're alive or dead," she replied. "So," I say. "So, we need to get some footage of you alive and fighting with the rebels," she says. I stare at her "so you want me to be the mockingjay?" "No, Katniss we got you out of the arena to be the mockingjay, you owe us your life Soldier and now you repay us by being the mockingjay," she replies. "Peeta was suppose to get out of that arena!" I say starting to lose my temper which had been short since the first games. "Soldier Everdeen, you are the mockingjay, you where the one that needed to get out of the arena," she replies. "So you chose me over a baby!" I say. Gale puts his hand on my leg, I shake it off. "Well….Soldier Everdeen," she starts. I can't hear anymore so I stopped her "my son and Peeta are in the Capital getting tortured!" Coin starts to look annoyed "Soldier are you going to be the mockingjay…..?" I am on my feet "if you wanted a mockingjay then you should have saved Peeta!" I say before storming out. I see Boggs try to stop me but Gale holds him back. I start running until I'm in a unknown tunnel and I sit down and lean against the wall. I sit down and stare at the wall across from me. I feel a tear roll down my cheek and sigh before cupping my face in my hands. I sit there for a long time until I've cried myself dry. I get to my feet and walk to the cafeteria. I get in line and then slam my tray down beside Gale. He looks up at me. I ignore him and start eating. I notice his cufflink -that he got shortly after we arrived here- was gone. He notices and follows my gaze to his wrist. "It was because you stopped Boggs?" I guess. Gale nods. "Hope you are expecting thanks," I say. Gale sighs and gets to his feet "fine by the way your face is red." I glare at him "thanks!" Gale holds my glare "Katniss…." "Gale my son and Peeta are in the Capital getting tortured and they want me to lead a rebellion!" I shout. I'm on my feet again and yelling at the top of my lungs. People turn to stare. Gale looks surprised. That's when I feel the tears strolling down my cheeks. "Chase is being tortured! Who knows what's happening to him! Who knows if I'll ever get to see them again!" I cry. Gale looks at me with concern. I can't image what he's thinking. I don't think he's ever seen or even heard of me crying. I start sobbing and gasping for breath "it's all my fault they're gone! If I had just eaten those berries in that arena. Peeta could have….." Gale stops me "Katniss, Peeta could have what? Watched kids die every year! Mentor children to their deaths! Lived a life alone for fear of one day sending his own child to their death! Katniss you haven't hurt Peeta you've given him an opportunity!" "Yes I have!" I cry my head is starting to throb. Gale puts his hands on my shoulders and pushes me to on the chair I was sitting down. I put my face in my hands and start sobbing again. Gale starts to rub my back. I shake his hand off. "Don't!"