A/N: I apologize for throwing in another Girl-Who-Lives story. It's my first fic in this fandom and I was hoping to sort of shake things up a little with this one. Hopefully it's not to OOC. Elizabeth Gillies is the face claim for Hailey Potter and I looked through a lot of pictures for ones where she has reddish hair to use. When the sun rose, Hailey Potter was still asleep in the cupboard under the stairs, but not for very long. "Get up! Now!" Aunt Petunia shouted. Hailey woke up with a start at the interruption of her dream. She rapped on the door one more. "Up!" She screeched one more time and Hailey heard her aunt walk into the kitchen. There was a clang as Aunt Petunia put the frying pan on the stove. Hailey rolled over onto her back and thought about her dream, which involved a lot of strange green light. "Are you up yet?" Aunt Petunia demanded. "Nearly," Hailey replied, rolling her eyes at her aunt's demanding tone. "Hurry up. I want you to look after the bacon and don't you dare let it burn. I want everything perfect for Duddy's birthday." Hailey groaned. "What did you say?" Her aunt snapped through the door. "Nothing…" Hailey replied. She wasn't sure how she managed to forget Dudley's birthday since it was constantly thrown in her face by her aunt, uncle, and cousin. She sat up on her bed and started looking for her socks. The only new articles of clothing she gets was underwear and training bras; while the rest was from second-hand clothing stores. Aunt Petunia would bring home bags full of clothing and Hailey had to look through them to find clothes that actually fit her. It was because Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia didn't want to look odd if Hailey walked around wearing Dudley's large old boy clothing, even though some of his clothes ended up in her cupboard. Hailey found her socks and pulled a spider off of it. Bugs didn't bother her, like they did to some of the girls at school, since her cupboard was full of them and that was where she slept. She got dressed, putting on one of the nicer looking skirts with minimum looking suspicious stains and her favorite light blue shirt, that served as her pajamas top. She ran her fingers through her hair to get some of the tangles out and moved her bangs a little to the side to get them out of her eyes. Petunia would've gotten mad if she didn't look presentable for Dudley's day and would've made her change clothes until her aunt deemed her presentable enough to get out of the cupboard. She opened the door and stepped out into the hall. She was greeted by a long line of pictures of her cousin on the wall, from when he was a baby up to his recent age. Some might wonder why there weren't any pictures of her, but that was a different story that she doesn't want to get into. She went down the hall and into the kitchen. She saw that the table was nearly hidden by presents and saw that it looked like Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, a new television, and a racing bike. She wasn't sure why Dudley wanted the racing bike since he hated exercise — unless you count punching people as exercise. Luckily, she wasn't one of Dudley's punching bags, but he did pull her hair, pinch her, and push and shove her when his parents weren't looking. Sometimes Dudley and his gang chased after her, but they couldn't catch her, since she was very fast and she often hid in the girls' lavatory and the school library to wait them out, because they didn't dare go in there. It didn't take long for them to get bored of waiting and left to find another victim. Maybe it had something to do with living in a cupboard, but she was thin and small for her age. She had knobby knees, a narrow face with a slightly pointed chin. Her dark auburn hair went down to her elbows and she had grayish hazel eyes. The only thing that she even liked about her appearance was her hair and the thin lightning bolt scar on her forehead which was to be kept hidden by her bangs. She had gotten the scar in the car crash that had killed her parents from what her aunt had told her. Uncle Vernon had entered the kitchen as Hailey was turning the bacon over. In greeting, Vernon said, "Brush your hair!" About once a week, Vernon would look over the newspaper to shout at Hailey that she needed to brush her hair, even though she doesn't own a brush. She must have had more haircuts than every girl her age because she would get a haircut to get shorter hair so her aunt and uncle wouldn't buy her any hair care products. For some reason, her hair would grow back to the same elbow length in an hour. Hailey was frying eggs by the time Dudley walked in with his mother. Dudley had a large pink face, no neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick, small blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head. Aunt Petunia often says that he looks like an angel while Hailey often says that he looks like a pig wearing a wig. She set the plate of eggs and bacon on the table, which was hard since there wasn't much room with Dudley's presents in the way. Dudley was counting the presents and his face fell, "Thirty-six." He looked up at his parents. "That's two less than last year." Hailey was a little surprised over the fact that Dudley managed to do the math like that. "You haven't counted Aunt Marge's present. See, it's here hiding under this big one from mummy and daddy," Petunia said. "All right, thirty-seven then," Dudley said, going red in the face. Hailey could see that Dudley was going to have a fit, started wolfing down her bacon just in case Dudley decided to flip the table over. Petunia saw the danger coming, said, "We'll buy another two presents while we're out today. How's that? Two more presents?" Dudley thought for a moment and said, slowly, "So I'll have thirty…thirty…" He looked at Hailey and pointed at her, "You! How much is that?" "Thirty-nine. You'll have thirty-nine presents," Hailey said, nearly bitter. She never received a present before unless one counts getting a pen from Dudley's drill company once a year as a present and she never received that on her birthday or Christmas. "Oh," Dudley said, sitting down heavily, and grabbing the nearest present, "All right." Uncle Vernon chuckled and ruffled Dudley's hair, "Little tyke wants his money's worth, just like his father. 'Atta boy." At that moment, the telephone rang and Petunia told Hailey to wash the dishes and went to go answer it. Hailey went to scrub the frying pan as Dudley unwrapped a racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a VCR. He was ripping off the wrapping paper on a wristwatch when Petunia walked in, looking angry. "Bad news, Vernon," Petunia said, "Mrs. Figg has broken her leg and she can't take her ." She jerked her head in Hailey's direction. Dudley's mouth dropped in horror and Hailey nearly dropped the frying pan in shock, while her heart sped up. Every year on Dudley's birthday, his parents take him and one of Dudley's friends out to the amusement park, hamburger places, or the movies for the day. Every year she was left behind with Mrs. Figg, who was a mad old lady who lived two streets away. She hated it there because the whole house smelt like boiled cabbage and Mrs. Figg made her look at photographs of all the cats she ever owned. Hailey knew that she should feel sorry for Mrs. Figg, but at least it was a whole year before she had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again. Petunia asked, "Now what?" She looked furiously at Hailey as though she planned it. Uncle Vernon suggested, "We can always phone Marge." "Don't be silly. Marge hates the girl," Petunia said. The reason why Marge hated Hailey wasn't really her fault, but she got blamed anyway. When she was around five, one of Marge's dogs was chasing after her and somehow, the dog's fur turned blue, and Marge hated her ever since. She set the frying pan on the dish rack to dry and picked up a plate to wash. "What about what's-her-name…Yvonne?" Vernon asked. "On vacation in Majorca," snapped Petunia. Hailey was trying to figure out a way to voice her thoughts on being left behind. She needed to tread carefully on the subject. She needed to figure out a way to plant the idea in their head before they decide to leave her with someone else. Dudley said, "Or you could leave her here." Hailey looked at him, nearly dropping the plate because Dudley said that. She knew that it was because Dudley didn't want her to intrude on his special birthday, but wanting her to stay behind? Aunt Petunia turned to her son to say, "And find the place in ruins?" The Potter girl almost rolled her eyes. "I won't blow up the house." She did want to stay behind so that she would be able to watch what she wanted to watch, maybe even play a game on Dudley's computer, or catch up on a book without getting interrupted. "I suppose we can take her with us to the zoo." Aunt Petunia said, "And leave her in the car." Hailey looked over her shoulder, at her aunt and thought, as if I won't blow up the car, too? She went back to scrubbing a plate. "The car's new," Vernon said, "I won't have her sit in it alone." Dudley began to cry, but Hailey knew he was faking it since he hadn't cried in a long time. She knew that if he screwed up his face and wailed, he'll get anything he wanted. Petunia went to go comfort Dudley who was still wailing. "I…don't…want…her…t-t-to…come! She…always…sp-spoils…everything!" Hailey choose to ignore that comment as she poured more soap on the sponge she was using, knowing that it was better off keeping her back turned towards them. The doorbell rang and Petunia went to go answer it. The next thing Hailey knew, someone pulled on her hair and she yelped in surprise, nearly dropping the plate she was holding. She glanced over to see Piers's mother leave the kitchen and looked at Piers himself. He was a scrawny boy and had a face that reminded Hailey of a rat. He always held other people's arms behind their backs while Dudley hit them. She hated Piers as much as hated Dudley, who had stopped crying at once. There was no further argument made on Hailey's arrangement. When they got to the car Vernon had taken her to the side. "There would be no funny business or you won't have any meals for a week." Hailey nodded and Vernon told her to get in the car. She ended sitting between Piers and Dudley. Piers kept pinching her, punching her arm, digging his sharp elbow in her ribs, and grabbing her bra-strap and releasing it. At school, other girls had constantly teased her over Piers's relentless teasing by saying that he fancied her. Hailey knew that it was because Piers enjoyed Dudley's reactions whenever Piers tormented her. When they got to the zoo, Dudley had pushed many families out of his way so he can get to the entrance where a lady was selling ice cream. Leave it to Dudley to find the nearest food source, she thought as she followed after her family and Piers. The Dursleys