A/N: I'm a cliché because I wrote a twin!fic and a girl!Harry. For Jasmine Potter, the face-claim is Madisen Beaty. As I was working on The Calm Before the Storm: Year 2, I was working on this one, and I decided that I would focus on this one and work on both once I get to book two, on this one. That is, if anyone like this one. Jasmine Potter wasn't sure what woke her up, but it interrupted up her weird dream about a flying motorcycle. She laid there on the bed, thinking about the dream again. She had a funny feeling she had it before, but she couldn't recall when she had it before. She considered laying there on the bed, but she knew that her Aunt Petunia would be coming over to wake them up. She crawled over her twin brother, Harry, to get to the area where she kept her clothes. Her clothes were from a secondhand shop that her aunt and some clothes from Dudley that her aunt had oh-so kindly given her. She pulled on a shirt and looked at her lightning bolt scar on her right upper arm. Harry had an identical one right in the middle of his forehead. One of the first questions that she remembered Harry asking was how he got it and one of the first questions she had asked was why she had a scar on her arm instead of her forehead like Harry's. Aunt Petunia had told them they got the scars in the car crash that their parents had died in, and then told them not to ask questions. There was a knock at the cupboard door. "Get up you two!" Aunt Petunia ordered and knocked on the cupboard door again. Jasmine rolled her eyes as she pulled on a skirt. There was another knock on the cupboard door. "Get up you two! One of you has to watch the bacon and don't you dare burn it! I want everything to be perfect for Dudder's special day!" Aunt Petunia screeched at them. Jasmine groaned at the demand and thought, would it kill Aunt Petunia to say please? "What was that?" Aunt Petunia demanded. "Nothing," Jasmine replied. "It's your turn to watch the bacon," Harry said from behind her. He was wearing his glasses and was already wearing Dudley's old clothes. "I did that yesterday." "And it's your turn to set the table," Jasmine pointed out to him. It wasn't much of a system, but it was one that worked. If Jasmine made breakfast, Harry would set the table, and the next day, they would switch. The only thing they did together was washing and drying the dishes and they also switched on who would wash and dry the next day as well. It was something that Jasmine came up with after many arguments they had when they were younger on who did what. She looked at Harry. They were twins, but they had multiple differences. While Harry's was black and stuck up in the back, she had curly red hair. Harry had green eyes and she had blue eyes. He wore glasses, but she didn't. They walked together down the hallway towards the kitchen. On her way there, Jasmine eyed the multiple pictures of Dudley through the ages. Some people probably thought it was odd that they weren't any pictures of the twins, but that was a story that Jasmine didn't want to dive into. "You can barely see the table." Harry whispered to her, pointing at the table which was covered with multiple presents. Jasmine looked over at the table and pointed at a present. "He got the new computer that he wanted." "He also got a new second television," Harry told her. "He got a racing bike," Jasmine stated, pointing at the present. "Why does he want a bike? He hates exercise," Harry stated. "I know," Jasmine said. Dudley was very fat and he really hated exercise—unless one counted Dudley punching people as exercise. Harry was Dudley's favorite punching bag and his glasses were taped at the bridge, because Dudley frequently punched him on the nose. Jasmine, on the other hand, wasn't one of Dudley's favorite targets. Dudley usually just shoved and pushed her around; sometimes he pulled her hair, pinched her, and punched her in the arm or shoulder. It was Dudley's friend, Piers Polkiss who was the one who punched her everywhere else and chased after her. Due to the two of them, the Potter twins were very fast, but they were also small, probably from living in a cupboard for a decade. "You better go watch the bacon before Aunt Petunia gets mad," Harry told her, bringing Jasmine out of her thoughts. "Oh, right." She said and went to the stove to look over the bacon while Harry went to get some plates ready for breakfast. Jasmine flipped the bacon over right as she heard, "You, boy, cut your hair! You, girl, brush your hair!" It was their uncle, Vernon's, usual morning greeting to them. Jasmine looked at her uncle, "Good morning." She looked at Harry. He had taken many frequent trips to the barber shop, but it made no difference. His hair was just untamable. Jasmine's hair also seemed to be also untamable, because it was a mix of bushy, curly type of messy. She would try to brush her hair, but her aunt and uncle didn't give her a brush, because they didn't want to spend money on them, except on second-hand clothes for Jasmine, but that was once a year. She was frying eggs when Dudley arrived in the kitchen with Aunt Petunia. Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick head. Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley looked like a baby-angel—they often thought that Dudley looked like a pig wearing a wig. Jasmine scooped out the eggs onto a plate while Harry went to set it on the table, which seemed hard because there were lots of presents on the table. While the food was taken care of, she made her and Harry a plate, before going to sit down at the table with Harry. Dudley was counting the presents and then his face fell, "Thirty-six. That's two less than last year." Jasmine looked at Harry and arched an eyebrow. Harry looked surprised that Dudley had done the math in his head like that. "Darling, you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see, its here under this big one from Mummy and Daddy," Aunt Petunia said. "Alright, thirty-seven then," Dudley said, going red in the face. Uh-oh, Jasmine thought and looked at Harry, who started wolfing his bacon. She started wolfing down the eggs as fast as she can, in case Dudley flipped the table over again, like he did last year, and the year before that… "And we'll buy you another two presents while we're out today. How's that, popkin? Two more presents. Is that alright?" Aunt Petunia tried to soothe, noticing the oncoming Dudley-Tantrum. Dudley thought for a moment, which, in Jasmine's opinion, looked like difficult. He said slowly, "So I'll have thirty…thirty…" He looked at the Potters and pointed at Jasmine, "You! How much is that?" Jasmine managed to swallow her food before saying, "thirty-nine. You'll have thirty-nine presents." After her and Harry finished eating, they went to the sink to wash the dishes, while Dudley tore into his presents. Every now and then, Jasmine would look her shoulder to see what he got. He got a racing bike, video camera, remote control airplane, sixteen computer games, and a VCR. She looked back at the sink as she passed the frying pan to Harry to dry, when the phone rang. Aunt Petunia went to answer it and as Jasmine passed the last dish to Harry, she heard footsteps enter the kitchen. "Bad news, Vernon," Aunt Petunia stated grimly. "Mrs. Figg's broken her leg. She can't take them ." Jasmine looked at them, "We have n—" Harry tapped her ankle with his foot as a warning. At least they didn't have to go to Mrs. Figgs' place because it would be an entire year before they saw pictures of Fluffy, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tibbles again or put up with the cabbage smell that the house emitted. Maybe they would get lucky and stay behind for Dudley's birthday. She would be able to read, or maybe they can watch what they wanted on the television, and maybe she might have time to have a go on Dudley's computer. "We can phone Marge," Uncle Vernon suggested. "Don't be silly, Vernon, she hates them ," Aunt Petunia snapped. Aunt Marge actually loathed them and would never watch them again, not after what happened last time, which was actually her fault, not Harry's. She was positive that Marge hadn't told Aunt Petunia about that. "What about what's-her-name…your friend…Yvonne?" Uncle Vernon asked, sounding desperate. "She's on vacation in Majorca," Aunt Petunia snapped again, as if he shouldn't have suggested imposing them on her friends. Jasmine and Harry looked at each other. Harry looked back at the Dursleys as he suggested, "How about you leave us here?" Jasmine looked at Petunia who was making a face like she swallowed something sour. Sure, she was hoping the same thing, but she knew that they should've treaded lightly on the subject. "And come back to find the house in ruins?" Aunt Petunia snarled out at Harry. Jasmine turned to face her aunt head on, "Don't yell—" "We won't blow up the house." Harry cut in quickly and gave Jasmine a warning look. "I suppose we can take them to the zoo and leave them in the car…" Aunt Petunia continued, as if she didn't hear them. "The car's new, I won't have them sitting in it alone," Uncle Vernon said. Jasmine looked at Harry, wondering what their aunt and uncle were going to do with them. Their aunt and uncle didn't have time to argue over them because Piers Polkiss arrived, and the Dursleys had no choice but to take them. When they headed outside, Uncle Vernon pulled the Potters to the side. "Now listen here, I'm warning you two. No funny business or you both will be in that cupboard till Christmas." "I understand," Jasmine replied, glumly. "We won't do anything, honestly," Harry stated. "Get in there," Vernon ordered, as if he didn't hear them. It wasn't a surprise that he didn't listen. It really wasn't their fault that strange things happened to them. Jasmine had no clue how four kids were going to fit in the car since Dudley wasn't very skinny. However, since the Potters were smaller they managed to fit in the car. Jasmine was next to the door while Harry was on the other side of her. Jasmine was positive that it was because Harry didn't want her to be next to Piers, who would pull on her hair, pinch her or punch her in the arm and thigh. Harry protects her and she protects him; that's how it would always be. Jasmine looked at Harry as a motorcycle went by. It reminded her of the motorcycle dreams that they sometimes both have and she looked at Harry. "I just remembered that I had that dream about the flying motorcycle again." "Motorcycles don't fly!" Uncle Vernon shouted at Jasmine, who was stunned that she had gotten yelled at over a dream. She blinked back tears, as Piers and Dudley started sniggering. "She knows that they don't," Harry stated, loudly. "It was a dream." Vernon went back to doing what he does best, ignoring them. When they got to the zoo, Dudley and Piers went straight to a van where a lady was selling ice-cream near the entrance. "Leave it to Dudley to find food," Harry whispered to Jasmine. Jasmine was to busy staring enviously at the