This was my entry in the Beneath the Mistletoe Contest. It didn't win anything, but it was still lots of fun to write and enter! I looooove Christmas fic, so I loved getting to finally write one of my own. I hope you enjoy! oOo The kitchen is dark as I trudge in to make a cup of coffee. I don't bother turning on a light. If I only focus on what I'm doing, I can avoid seeing most of the reminders. The decorations are everywhere. Usually they make me smile because Christmas is her favorite holiday and she loves them so much. But now, they only add fire to the hell I'm currently living in. As I'm halfway through my caffeine fix, I hear one of the few sounds that can still make me smile. I set my cup down and make my way down the hallway, slowly peeking my head into the open doorway. She spots me right away and stands in her crib, lifting her arms for me. "Daddy!" I smile and cross the room, lifting her into my arms. "Good morning, Katie Lou." She nuzzles her face against my neck as I kiss her head. "Did you sleep well? Dream lots of good dreams?" She nods and rambles on, probably continuing the conversation she started with herself as soon as she woke. She's been doing this since she discovered she had a voice, always waking in a good mood with so much to say to anyone who will listen. She's so much like her, it can be scary at times. I take a seat in the rocking chair and enjoy her sweet little voice. Her words get clearer and clearer every day, and today I catch a few that make my heart squeeze in my chest. "Daddy . . . Mommy? Mommy sleepin'. Go see Mommy?" She stares up at me with those hopeful, identical brown eyes, and as much as I want to break down, I force another smile and nod. "Sure, little love. We can go see Mommy. Let's get dressed first, okay?" My voice breaks a little, but she doesn't notice. She simply squeals and claps as I stand and walk over to her closet. Here, I'm completely out of my element. I've never shied away from doing anything I can to help with Katie, but matching clothes isn't my forte. Her outfits are usually laid out a week at a time, but we ran out of those yesterday. Yet another reminder threatening to break me. Katie, however, takes things into her own hands, reaching for something red. "Ho ho," she says, pulling out a dress with a Santa design on the front. "Ho Ho comin' town, Daddy." Closing my eyes tightly, I put the dress back and blindly grab something else. I can't do it. We bought that dress two weeks ago at one of her favorite stores, and I remember exactly how her face lit up as she gushed about how adorable it was. My parents had Katie so we could have a day out together, trying to take advantage of our alone time before everything changed. But then everything did change — in a way we never could have anticipated. Opening my eyes, I blink quickly so my little love doesn't see the tears that are probably close to falling. I carry her over to the changing table and get to work. She's cooperative as I get her into a clean diaper and the outfit I picked. Luckily, this one isn't Christmas but it does have a dog on the front which Katie loves. She entertains me by barking as I attempt to slide a head band into her hair and find appropriate socks and shoes. Though I'm still not used to doing this on my own, she looks cute enough by the time I'm finished so I consider it a success. After a quick shower while Katie plays with some of her toys, I throw on whatever warm clothes I can find and then text Dad. He responds right away, either because he isn't busy or because he's worried about me, and I tell him what Kate has requested. He says he'll meet me there before I even have to ask. I don't want him or Mom to worry about me , but I'm really thankful I have them. I can't imagine surviving this without their support. "Come on, Katie Lou." I scoop her up, tickling her belly. "Let's find some warm jackets. It's really cold outside today." I tickle her again, and she giggles as she squirms down and takes off. I follow and catch up to her at our coat rack. She gets her hat on with minimal help from me, but the jacket is another story. As I help her bundle up, she excitedly starts talking about our plans. "Go see Mommy! Mommy sleepin', not wake up. Daddy, see baby? Baby Car sleep too? Beep beep beep. Go bye bye, Daddy?" I nod and agree with everything she says. It's amazing how her toddler mind can make everything sound so simple when it's anything but. I'm glad she's handling it better than I am. A few months ago, we worried Katie was too young to handle the changes coming. We asked ourselves if she'd really understand, if she'd adapt. But we had no idea this would happen, no idea that her age would actually be a positive — if there is anything positive about this. She doesn't carry the grief around or the what ifs, and she's only had a few really sad moments so far. It's possible she won't remember this at all, while I know I'll never forget. Once we're bundled up, we head outside to the car where I realize I have to take Katie's coat off to buckle her into her car seat. Then I realize I forgot to feed Katie breakfast, yet another sign that I'm not used to doing this on my own. She keeps me together and without her I'm floundering. The drive doesn't take long but it seems to drag. Katie eats dry cereal on the way because that's the best I can pull together. At least she seems to enjoy it. After parking, I wrestle her back into her coat, grab the diaper bag, and we head in together. This route is all too familiar now, and I keep my eyes focused down to avoid seeing any of their decorations. Katie knows exactly what button to push in the elevator before I even say anything, causing more tears to come to my eyes. I have them just about blinked away until the doors open and my dad is waiting just on the other side. He doesn't say anything as I approach him, opting to hug me instead. I don't fight it now like I did last week. I know I need his comfort as much as he needs to give it. "Good morning, Edward," he says when I step back, my tear ducts now under control. "And good morning to you, baby girl. Did you and Daddy have a good night?" "Hey, Pop!" she squeals as she leans into his arms from mine. "Go see Mommy!" "Yeah? I bet she missed you too." He looks back at me. "One track mind?" I shrug. "It hasn't been so bad. She wanted her before bedtime, but she's been happy so far today. Just wanted to come see her." He nods. "That shouldn't be a problem. I already told them you were coming so no one should disturb us." I nod as he uses his badge to open the doors for us. We've been breaking all the rules lately, but I couldn't give a flying fuck what the visiting hours are or the age restriction. No one is going to tell me when I can see my wife, and they sure as shit aren't going to tell me that a two-year-old can't see her mother. We'll stay out of the way when necessary, but especially now that she's stable, staying out entirely isn't going to happen. Dad leads us back to the now familiar little cubicle, and my heart races as I see her. Dad stands back with Katie, giving me the moment that I always need. I slowly walk to the side of the bed, gently resting my hand in hers. "Hi, baby," I say softly, rubbing her fingers with my thumb. "I missed you last night. I made spaghetti and now I understand why you always take Katie's clothes off. I . . . uh . . . didn't, so feel free to yell at me for the stains that'll probably never come out." Really, I'd give anything just to hear her yell at me right now instead of lying unmoving in this bed. As I tell her about our night at home, I let my eyes drift over her body, inspecting everything. One of her IVs has been changed to the opposite arm and her other IV is now missing — something I need to ask Dad about — but other than that, she looks the same as when I left yesterday evening. I can't decide if that's a good or bad thing. Katie soon lets us know that it's her turn with her mommy, so Dad sets her on the bed. We remind her to be careful, but it's needless. She shows more care than any two-year-old should as she kisses Bella's cheek and then curls up against her. The scene makes my heart squeeze once again. Katelyn Marie is every bit her mother's twin. From their dark brown hair with just a hint of curl at the bottom to their deep brown eyes and joyful personalities. They both love life so to see only one of them able to live fully is crushing me. While Katie gives her own account of the time apart, I begin my inspection of the monitors. The ventilator settings have been turned down slightly, and I immediately see why. A tiny bit of hope begins to build as I turn to look at Dad. "Did you see this?" I ask. He smiles and nods. "I did. Banner went down a step on her sedation early this morning during rounds, and she's been breathing over it ever since." "Do you . . . do you think . . . ?" He stops me by placing his hand on my arm and nodding. "Yes, son. I definitely think she will wake up and probably soon, at that. Maybe even by tonight if she does well with the sedation weans." My knees feel weak as I process what he's saying. For the past few days, everything has been the same. No worse but no better either. I didn't mean to lose hope, but I've always been the more pessimistic one — or realistic as I'm always teasingly trying to convince Bella — so it's been hard for me to stay positive without a reason to be. But this . . . this is a good reason. "Keep looking," Dad encourages, nodding toward the other side of the tiny room where the other monitors are. I walk that way, squeezing one of Bella's feet as I pass, and then study the screen. They have it set to record her vitals every fifteen minutes so I use the touch screen to scroll through the results. And what I find makes the hope build even more. They're all in normal range which has been true for several days, but they're starting to look more like Bella's normal. Pulling the single chair over, I sit down to look at the next monitor. Now that I'm feeling hopeful about Bella's condition, I worry the rug is about to be pulled out from under me. But as I study the printed out strip and turn up the sound, I breathe a sigh of relief. One hundred and fifty four