This was my entry in the First Time Fumbles contest. I'm so shocked/happy/excited to say that it won First Place Judge's Vote, First Place Public Vote, the We Want More award, and was chosen as favorite by Hoodfabulous and Tinsley Warren. Thank you SOOO much to everyone involved with the contest and to everyone who voted. I can't even contain this joy. And a million thanks to MelissaMargaret and anhanninen for everything they did to help me and for putting with my craziness over this for the past few weeks. They told me so and I should always believe them. ;) I really couldn't have done it without them. I love you guys so much! . "So . . . can I take you out sometime, Miss Bella?" Somehow I manage to stop myself from rolling my eyes, pretending I didn't hear the question as I finish taking Mr. Newton's blood pressure. The fellow is seventy-five and basically harmless, though completely relentless in his attempt to ask me out every time he comes in the office. He asks again while I take his temperature – I curse the day we switched from oral thermometers – but again I pretend it didn't happen. "All right, Mr. Newton," I finally say after recording all of his vitals. "Let's get you settled in an exam room." I help him into the closest room available, and I swear he pinches my ass. Quickly, I back toward the door and place his chart in the designated slot. "Dr. Cullen will be with you soon." I don't wait for an answer before closing the door. I stand against it, trying to gather my bearings, which makes my co-workers laugh when they walk by. These people suck. I thought it was kind of weird that they were all very excited when I was hired. Not that I'm not awesome or anything, but it was a bit excessive. The reason was clear in a matter of days. The low man on the totem pole has to deal with all the horny old men – and that low man would be me. Nurses don't eat their young. They feed them to the wolves. The saggy, lecherous wolves. After I gather myself and make sure my ass won't have a bruise, I head to find Dr. Cullen to tell him which room his next patient is in. Most of the rooms are empty since we just opened a few minutes ago, and it's easy to hear Dr. Cullen behind one of the doors that's not shut all the way. This matter isn't urgent and the receptionist doesn't have another patient for me yet, so I wait outside the door and straighten a few stacks of education packets. I halfway hear the conversation in the exam room, but curiosity gets the better of me when I realize Dr. Cullen's being a lot more personal with this patient than usual. Not that he isn't always a very caring and compassionate man, but he doesn't call patients "son" regularly. "Everything's clear, son. We ran all the usual and HIV – all negative. Your cholesterol and triglycerides are within normal range as well, so you're good to go." "Great. Thanks, Dad." Dad? I wrack my brain, trying to remember if I've seen pictures of Dr. Cullen's family the few times I've had to step into his office. I've been here long enough to have met his wife, Esme, and I think I remember her saying they have two sons. Before I can think about it any more, the door opens fully and Dr. Cullen steps out followed by . . . holy hotness, Batman. I'm sure my chin drops as I stare at the most gorgeous man I've ever seen. Carlisle Cullen is pretty hot for an older guy, but apparently he gave all of his best genes to his kid. The jaw, the green eyes, the reddish brown hair that looks like it's never met a comb. I might be drooling. They pat each other on the back, and Gorgeous Son Cullen leaves without even glancing at me. It figures. Only the saggy old ones pay attention to me. Dr. Cullen notices me as soon as he turns to walk down the hall, and I try to recover as quickly as I can. He does not need to know I was just ogling his son after he gave him his STD testing results. Talk about awkward. He smiles and regards me carefully. "Is everything all right, Bella?" Apparently I'm not doing so well with recovering. "Uh yeah. Mr. Newton is waiting for you in room three." "Ahh." He nods in understanding. "Am I going to be filing any sexual harassment charges today?" I shake my head with a laugh, thankful he thinks I'm all discombobulated from that encounter. And grateful because I know he'd actually support me filing chargers if I wanted to. "Nah, not today. He got me good, but I'll live." I rub my ass which makes him laugh again. "All right. Just let me know if you change your mind. And in case Mr. Newton changes his mind about his preferences, come save me if I'm not out in thirty." Covering my mouth, I try to stop my snort but end up failing. I snort laugh all the way up to the front desk and of course my co-workers ask what's wrong. At least this time we're all laughing at Dr. Cullen's expense instead of mine. I really do love working here. Hospital nursing was great and all but this office atmosphere is my favorite, with the slower pace and familiarity with the patients. Not all of them make passes at me, and there are definitely many more good days than bad. This day turns out to be a good one – even after the Newton incident and fighting off another one of our famous seniors – and soon I find myself in my pajamas on the couch, ready for my usual Friday night Netflix marathon with my best friend. Alice shows up right on time with a large pizza, a bottle of cheap wine, and some chocolate chip cookie dough, proving why we're friends. We start the evening off right, polishing off the whole pizza and a movie before moving on to the heavy duty wine and cookie dough consumption with a rom com to top it off. Unfortunately, this combination leads to a round of word vomit from me. "I cannot believe this. How is it that the hot guy falls in love with that ugly girl without even meaning to? This doesn't happen in real life. I don't think I'm even that ugly. I mean, sure, I could put more effort into it, but I'd say I'm pretty average, right? But there definitely aren't any hot guys falling in love with me. I just get the old saggy, pervy ones trying to grab my ass and stare down my shirt. How is that fair? What am I doing wrong? How did you find Jasper? You guys are so perfect and will probably make beautiful babies and I'm going to die alone." I'm about to ask her if she'll buy me a cat for my birthday to get a head start on my cat lady status, but she places her hand over my mouth. "Bella! Take a breath. Jeez. Did you start drinking before I got here? What brought this on?" I take a breath as she said, and the oxygen helps clear my head just a bit. "Better?" she asks, watching my closely, and I nod. "Okay. Now, seriously. Did something happen today?" "Not exactly . . . " I tell her about my encounters of the day and my sore ass, but she's used to hearing these kind of stories. When I mention Gorgeous Son Cullen, though, she sits up straight and really pays attention. "So the doc has a hot son, huh? Did you talk to him?" "What? No! He's Dr. Cullen's son!" "Annnd?" I just look at her, not knowing what she's getting at. "Why should that stop you? There's not some kind of 'no fraternizing with the boss's family' policy, is there?" I slowly shake my head. "Well, not that I know of, but why would he be interested in me? He didn't even look my way when he left." "Maybe he was in a hurry." She shrugs. "Why wouldn't he be interested in you? You're much better than average as you said. You're beautiful, Bella." I scoff. "What? You are. You just need to get out more. That's how I have Jasper. Yeah, we met in college, but we found each other because I went out and met people." More? Try get out at all. Most of my time off is spent hanging out with Alice and her husband or my parents. Now that I think about it, it's really no wonder I'm alone. "But where would I go?" I ask. "No offense, but I'd rather not always be the third wheel for you and Jazz." She sits back and thinks for a minute. "Hmm . . . are you opposed to a blind date?" My first instinct is to say no way in hell will I ever do that. But the wine is making me reconsider. It's not like I'm lining dates up on my own, after all, and the only eligible bachelors I seem to meet basically have one foot in the grave. And while I'm usually fairly content with being twenty-five and single, I'd still like some companionship of the male variety. With some sex. Good sex. With an actual person instead of my trusty battery-operated friend. The two year dry spell has gone on long enough. "Not opposed," I finally answer. "But do you have someone in mind?" "Possibly. Jasper's mentioned a friend at work, and I think he might be single. I'll let you know, okay?" Letting out a deep breath, I nod. I hope I don't regret this decision. . I wake up the next morning with a ridiculous headache and memories of a ridiculous decision. Did I really give Alice permission to set me up on a blind date? Am I effing insane? After some water, pills, and breakfast, I'm feeling better so I sit and try to remember everything that was said last night. It's only a little fuzzy so remembering isn't a problem. The real problem is that yes, I did give Alice permission to set me up with someone I don't even know. This could be disastrous. My only hope is that she doesn't remember, but that doesn't help much. She had much, much less wine than me and was completely sober by the time she left. Well fudge. My hopes are dashed even further when she calls a few hours later. "I talked to Jazz and he's going to talk to Edward on Monday," she says instead of a normal greeting. "Uh . . . come again?" "Jasper's friend," she says as if I'm stupid. "You're not getting out of this now, Bella Swan. You agreed last night. So I convinced Jasper to talk to Edward next week to see if he'd be interested in a double date or something like that." A double date. Well, that's different than what I had in mind. Maybe that wouldn't be so bad. At least I'd have Alice and Jasper there in case things got too awkward. I guess my loosened inhibitions didn't totally screw up my comfortable life. "A double date would be good," I agree. "Just let me know, I guess." After we hang up, I change clothes and go for a short run, hoping the fresh air will clear the rest of the clutter in my head. The rhythmic pounding of my feet against the pavement and the music playing in my ear does help, and by the time I'm back home and drinking a bottle of water to cool down,