Twilight and its characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. I'm just playing around with them. Lots of thanks to MelissaMargaret for making this pretty, and to anhanninen and xxluvCarlisleEsmexx for prereading. And thank you WhisperingWolf for the title suggestion. EPOV I stepped outside the door of the warm bakery, only to be immediately assaulted by the biting Chicago air. It was still early. Too early to be awake, let alone walking outside, but the snow was already falling steadily. And even worse, the never-ending wind was never-ending as it whipped snow into my face and hair, the only parts of my body I was stupid enough to leave uncovered when I left the house this morning. "Stupid snow," I grumbled, kicking the feet along the sidewalk. "Stupid wind. Stupid bagels. Stupid mom." I pouted as I walked even though I knew I was acting like a bratty kid. I really couldn't help it today. Of course my mother came into my office on the coldest day of the year and forced me to get breakfast for the family. And of course she only wanted a specific kind of bagel from a specific bakery six blocks away. I didn't get it. There was a café in our building . Why did I have to suffer through this cold and wet shit for these particular bagels? But since I was a sucker for my mother, I was stuck doing this. All I knew was that these cinnamon raisin bagels better be the best damn bagels on Earth. Thankfully, I didn't have to buy any coffee so I shoved the bag of bagels under my coat and used my free hand to wrap around my body, lowering my head as I began my trek back. It was just too cold. The sidewalks weren't even that crowded which said a lot about how horrible this was. Usually, I couldn't walk five feet without bumping into or having to dodge someone. Four blocks to go, and I was practically sprinting as I mumbled as many adult words as I could think of. Mom's "no foul language in the office" policy hit me hard last week after some dumbass transposed some numbers, leaving me to sort everything out. I didn't have enough spare cash for the charity jar with everything I wanted to say. After going through every adult word in my vocabulary, I raised my head. The wind blew snow into my face, but I sighed in relief since I could finally see our building. The central heat was calling my name, and I couldn't wait to answer. I had to slow my pace slightly since more people appeared in my way. I was too pissed to offer any fake apologies when I bumped into a few people, but they could just get over it. One block away, and someone bumped into me . I was pushed into an alley between two buildings, dropping the bagels into a pile of snow in the process. I nearly growled as I snatched up the bag and prepared myself to go after the fucker, but something stopped me. A sound kind of something. I wasn't alone here. I tried to listen closer as I stood still. It was a cry. A soft cry…and maybe singing? I shook my head to get rid of the snow in my ears because I had to be hearing things. No one was supposed to be crying or singing in an alley at seven am in the middle of a snow storm. Not knowing what to do, I turned slowly and scanned my surroundings. Snow pile, dumpster, dumpster, newspaper, trash, a huddled form. My eyes widened. That was a person. Sitting in an alley. Possibly crying and singing. I swallowed forcefully, now really not knowing what to do. I was catching hypothermia, but I couldn't exactly abandon this person without knowing if he or she needed help. On the flip-side, this could be a psychopath trying to mug me or turn me into an episode of Law and Order . The person cried out again, this time moving slightly. With the movement, my eyes widened further. The huddled person was actually two people. A little girl and an even littler girl. The littler one was the one whimpering while the bigger little one rocked back and forth. Even from my spot from a few yards away, I could tell they were dirty and probably colder than I was. Alleys shouldn't contain crying little people. Shit just got real. My feet moved forward without my permission. At least now I was fairly sure I wouldn't be inspiring a TV episode. What could these two little people do to me? I walked softly but then realized that I needed to do something to make my presence known because neither of them seemed to hear me. It wasn't my goal to scare them, not that I knew what my goal actually was. I cleared my throat. "Um…hi? Are you…uh…are you okay?" The bigger little girl's head jerked up, and I immediately stopped moving. A chill ran up my spine, but this time, it wasn't from the weather. I was twenty-five years old. I'd been to college and seen some pretty fucked up things at frat parties. But I had never seen that much fear on someone's face before. It surprised me, and I had no clue what to do. "Whoa," I gasped, raising my hands defensively. "I'm not gonna hurt you or anything." The girl wrapped her arms even tighter around the littler girl and turned further from me, using her body as a shield but never taking her eyes from mine. I stayed still, waiting for her to calm. Now that I had a closer look, I realized my first impression wasn't accurate. This little girl probably wasn't really a girl. Based on her face, she was at least a teenager, but definitely not as old as me. And the littler one was…well, really little. I wasn't good with estimating ages, but she was somewhere between a baby and a kid. She was still crying but softer now, as if she shared the opinion that I was dangerous. I didn't understand. I was wearing a five hundred dollar suit, for God's sake. How could I be dangerous? I took a tentative step forward. "I won't hurt you," I repeated, hoping she'd believe me. She didn't move again, but I didn't get too close either. I wasn't sure why this mattered to me, but I didn't want to traumatize her or anything. I just needed to make sure they were both okay so I could go inside. "I'm Edward. Edward…Cullen. I work down the street." I wasn't not sure why I was telling her about myself. Casual conversation didn't belong in an alley any more than crying and singing did. "So…yeah. Are you okay?" I asked again, and this time, she gave me a small nod. "Okay. Good. That's…good." I looked down at my feet. What was the protocol for finding girls in alleys, anyway? They looked like they hadn't had a bath in a couple of days at least. And based on how many layers of clothes they were wearing, homeless seemed to be the right description. As far as I knew, normal people didn't dress like that no matter how cold it was outside. I only saw one large backpack beside them, stuffed so they obviously have some possessions. I'd never seen a homeless person this close before so I wasn't sure what the standard deviation was. These two could be outliers as far as I knew. I looked up, meeting the girl's eyes again. She was watching me curiously now, probably wondering what I was doing. Hell, I was wondering the same thing. Suddenly an idea hit me, and I quickly reached into my back pocket. The movement made her gasp and cower against the wall of the building. But when she saw that I was just getting my wallet, I saw and heard her relief. What did she think I was going to do? I searched through my wallet even though I knew I didn't have much cash. There was my change from the bakery and a few other small bills. Nothing substantial. I was hesitant to go to the back section of my wallet where I kept my emergency cash, but this might qualify as an emergency. Pulling out a fifty, I slowly reached my hand out. The girl's eyes went back and forth from watching my face to watching my hand. As much as I wanted to shove it at her so I could go inside, I remained patient. Finally, she made up her mind and reached out her hand, snatching the bill from me before hiding her face on top of the smaller one's head. That was disappointing. I didn't expect a thank you from this mute girl, but some kind of acknowledgement would have been nice. I sighed as I backed up slowly, watching these girls as I went. The littler one started crying again, and the bigger one started singing. It was so soft that it couldn't be heard once I was back on the sidewalk, and for some reason, that made me feel better. Now that I was no longer between buildings, I was subject the wind's abuse once more. "Stupid wind," I muttered, my head down again, still freezing. I felt…different though. Maybe it was the knowledge of my good deed. Charity never really appealed to me before, but now I felt something because I helped those girls. Maybe I liked this feeling. Maybe. Definitely not enough to shell out fifty dollars every day, though. And when I walked through the doors of Cullen Family Designs , I felt even more, including my fingers, nose, and ears. I was never going outside again. … I rode the elevator up to my floor. Well, it was actually the family floor. All of our offices were on the sixth floor. I would imagine that in most buildings, the executive offices were at the top. Ours were in the middle. It was Mom's idea. Apparently having our offices in the middle of the building promoted employee unity or something. And since there were six letters in our last name, that only solidified her plan. What Esme Cullen wanted, Esme Cullen received. Our floor was quiet as I walked down the hallway. I wasn't sure where everyone was, but I knew better than to question a good thing. I dropped the bagels on Mom's desk, and after grabbing one for myself I made my way to my office. Everything was exactly the way I left it an hour ago – dark. I hadn't even managed to turn the light or computer on before I was cornered and ordered to go get breakfast. Still cold, I left my coat on as I attempted to organize my desk. On a good day, it was a disaster area. Today was not a good day, so I finally gave up and let the papers do as they wished. As long as nothing useful landed in the trash can, everything was fine. I took a bite of my bagel just as Emmett walked in with two cups of coffee. I nodded in thanks as I chewed, hating admitting to myself that it was one of the best bagels I'd ever had. This didn't change the fact that Mom was insane for making me walk six blocks in the snow and wind, but at least they were tasty. The coffee was decent too, and I nearly chugged it while finishing my bagel. Emmett talked about his weekend plans, but I didn't really listen. I couldn't stop thinking about those homeless girls. Yeah, I was happy that I did a good deed, but shouldn't all thoughts of them have left me now? It wasn't like I'd ever see them again or anything. In the middle of his