Hello readers! I know I'm in the process of The Landord, but I couldn't help myself. Life Like a Country Song has been knocking around in my imagination for months, and with the two snow days we just got, I finally got it started! It started with country music. I don't know if you're a fan, but if you are, you can't help but listen to the songs and imagine them playing out in your head. And seeing as I'm no country girl, though I do live in Nashville currently, I have a hard time putting myself in their stories. But, alas, that's what our favorite characters can do! So I've stuck Peeta and Katniss and the rest of the HG characters into some of my favorite country hits. They tell a story, so stay tuned. To keep you interested, I'll post the song for the next chapter at the bottom of the current chapter. Give it a listen, and I bet you'll start to see where this is going. Stay tuned, and send me any feedback or reviews you like! I've already got the story mapped out, but if you have any songs that you think could work, I'll see if I can try to fit them in as one-shots in this universe! Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters or the country songs, so thank you to those talented writers for letting me borrow them! Enjoy! Bottoms Up Peeta climbed down from his dark blue Ford F-150 and the summer night air ruffled his blonde waves. As he walked up the gravel drive, he straightened his light blue polo shirt and ran a hand through his tousled hair. The night was warm still, even with the stars and moon long since out, and he could feel the moist air beading sweat onto his tanned skin. The lights of the farmhouse called enticingly to Peeta, and he could hear the thumping country music coming from the backyard. A smile broke out on his face as he walked along the corner of the house and came upon the large crowd gathered in the backyard, which, like most places in Kensington, Georgia, was acres of farmland. As a result, any time there was cause for celebration, the locals in the area got together on such land for a bonfire and a good time. Tonight the party was on Finnick Odair's parents' farm. Peeta's best friend had been talking about this night all week, excited to celebrate Peeta's recent job offer: touring photographer with the Black Keys. Peeta and Finnick had just graduated from Savannah College of Art and Design, Finnick in digital design, Peeta in live-action photography. Through a well-connected college professor, Peeta got his photos to the manager of the popular rock band. Suddenly, he found himself with a dream offer, following the band on their cross-country tour, which was starting in just two weeks. Soon, he'd be leaving his small Southern town for the big cities, trading in his quiet life for the bright lights and loud music of a sold-out tour. His stomach had been in knots for the last week, and he wasn't sure if it was nerves or excitement. Tonight, he was here to settle those butterflies with a good ole fashioned, boot-stomping, tailgate keg party. "Well if it isn't Peeta 'Man of the Fuckin' Hour' Mellark!" Finnick barreled toward Peeta, looking like he'd already had a few warm-up drinks, and sloshed a red cup full of beer into Peeta's hand. "We've been waiting for you, big shot! The whole town is here, ready to party. And you're in luck; Annie brought along a few girlfriends from Emory that are staying with her for the rest of the summer." Finnick whistled loudly, waggling his eyebrows in Peeta's direction. "Come on back and enjoy." As soon as Peeta walked further into the crowd, the reaction was immediate. Friends and classmates that he'd known his whole life gathered, and drinks rose up for a toast to congratulate him. It wasn't often that someone from their small town made it in the world, and the entire backyard was filled with cheers and well wishes. And beer. Lots of beer. Suddenly, a new song came over the speakers, which he noticed were perched up on Gale Hawthorne's tailgate. A cheer rang out among the crowd. It was a favorite in these parts, and Peeta smiled, because the song encapsulated what he was looking to do on this classic southern night. I see you and me riding like Bonnie and Clyde Goin 95 burning down 129 yeah Looking for the law, while I push my luck She's ridin shot gun like it ain't no thing Turn the radio up so the girl can sing right Pull into the party like "y'all wassup" He caught Gale's eye as he raised a beer in appreciation for the sound system and choice of music. Gale didn't have much, his family had always been hard up, but Gale had scraped together all his wages from many high school jobs and bought a sound system. He'd made some decent money in the past few years DJing local parties and store openings as well as providing sound for their small town football games. Peeta and Gale had never been enemies, but they'd definitely never been close friends. Friendly rivals is what came to Peeta's mind. But in the years since their high school baseball careers, things had mellowed between the two boys. That's why Peeta thought it strange that only a moment after catching Gale's eye, the man quickly looked away. What's his problem? Peeta wondered with a frown. But then, following his gaze, Peeta saw what had drawn away Gale's attention. Or who, he should say. And as the song got to thumping loudly in the nigh sky, Peeta's attention was hooked as well. Tonight is bottoms up Throw it on down Rock this quiet, little country town Get up, drop a tailgate on ya truck Find a keg and fill ya cup up Kick it on back Pretty little mama lookin at ya like that Make ya wanna slide on in like girl, what's up She was dancing in the golden light of the bonfire, close enough that he could just make out some details of her face, but far enough that the shadows made him want to get closer. She was surrounded by Finnick's long time love Annie and one other girl, and all three were feeling the music, hands held up high with beer bottles swaying to the beat. The other girl was cute, as was Annie, but no one captivated him like this tanned, toned, brunette. With the bonfire behind her, she looked like a girl on fire. The motion of her raised arms caused her orange blouse to inch up, and he could see the tanned and smooth skin of her stomach before the cut-off jean shorts she was wearing covered it back up. They weren't too short—he'd certainly seen shorter—but on her long legs, which were ensconced with weathered cowboy boots, they looked positively sinful. She was laughing and signing along to the song, tipping back her beer at her mouth every so often, affirming the idea that she was here for a good time. Peeta, knowing that she was visiting from Atlanta, was determined to welcome her with a little small-town southern charm. Yeah tonight is bottoms up Get em up Tonight is bottoms up Get em up Damn girl I gotta tip my hat Never thought a country song would make you move like that yeah And she's doing it in daisy dukes Girl she's got ya tappin' on a boys shoulder Hey dog check this out And that's how girl do it in the dirty south yeah She'll have you on your knee can I marry you? "Yo, Beetee," Peeta called out to his old friend as he ambled over. Beetee was filling up a cup at the keg by the back porch. The young man, known as Beetee, or BT, short for Bobby Thomas, smiled a Peeta, offering the hose to Peeta so that he could top off the cup Finnick had given him a few minutes before. The man was quiet, but a great listener, so Peeta figured he might have some knowledge of their small town's newest visitors. "Who are our new friends?" Peeta tipped his beer in the girls' directions, and as he did, he noticed he wasn't the only one looking at them. Having grown up with the same stock of females since kindergarten, most guys were intrigued by the new beauties fresh in from the big city. His eyes narrowed, silently warning his childhood friends to back off. Normally, he wouldn't consider himself possessive or territorial, but something primal in him had awoken as soon as he'd set eyes on the beautiful stranger, and he was desperate to find out more so he could introduce himself. Yeah tonight is bottoms up Throw it on down Rock this quiet, little country town Get up, drop a tailgate on ya truck Find a keg and fill ya cup up Kick it on back Pretty little mama lookin at ya like that Make ya wanna slide on in like girl, what's up Yeah tonight is bottoms up Get em up Tonight is bottoms up Get em up get em up get em up Get em up "Annie's college roommates. Johanna Mason is the one on the left," he said quietly, gesturing to the petite brunette with short hair and an even shorter skirt, gyrating energetically to the music, causing more than a few eyebrows of the nearby locals to raise. "She's from New York City," he said, and Peeta nodded sagely, as if that explained everything. "And that's Katniss Everdeen." Katniss, Peeta thought. What a unique name. As unique as the girl herself? "She's a senior with Annie, and she's from Chattanooga." Peeta's eyes widened. She was from just north of his small town, and he'd never seen her before? He'd gone to Chattanooga all the time as a kid and teenager, even in college, to shop and eat and hang out with friends along the river. I wonder how many times we crossed paths in that town and didn't even know it. Hey y'all, whatever ya sippin get it up in the air Bottoms up At that moment in the song, Katniss went to take a sip of her drink, but pulled it away with a frown. She held it up to Annie and Johanna, gesturing back toward where Peeta and Beetee stood, indicating she was going to get another beer before coming back to continue dancing. After all, how could you go 'bottoms up' without having anything in your drink? She ambled slowly toward the back porch, smiling shyly at the howdys and wolf whistles thrown at her by Peeta's less-than-suave high school classmates. Peeta took a steadying breath, knowing that she would be in front of him in just moments, and he was still not sure what he was going to say to her. How was he going to get the attention of such an attractive woman? Sure, Peeta generally had no problem with the ladies, but this one was different…he could tell. But alas, within moments, Katniss had entered the sphere of light given off by the bare bulb illuminating the back porch, and Peeta lost all remaining ability to think. He'd thought she was beautiful from afar. He was wrong. She was achingly gorgeous in the light. Her grey eyes flitted toward Peeta, searching him for a moment, before she tucked her hair behind her ear and retracted her gaze demurely. Ah, so maybe the siren dancing in the firelight is not her true persona… Katniss moved her eyes to Beetee and they scrunched in a smile. "Beetee, right?" Katniss said, stopping just in front of the keg. Peeta couldn't help but take her moment of distraction to