Hey there, lovelies. This story was originally written as a One Shot for the Seductively Sexy contest. Now it's 14 Chapter and counting! Be prepared for an OOC Bella, a very OOC Edward, and a slightly OOC everyone else. For those of you just joining us, the lovely and talented Raindropsoup has graciously agreed to beta for me. We are in the process of going through each chapter and editing out all of my boo boos to make this story better than it was. Rated M for lemons. Also includes references to under-aged drug use. I don't own Twilight, I just like to play with SM's characters. =) Candy Striping It's time for my shift at the hospital. And in case you're wondering, I'm not one of those important people like a doctor, nurse, or a janitor. No, I'm a candy striper. Yup, the cheerer-upper in red and white from the olden days. Unfortunately, I live in bum-fuck Forks, Washington—where the term "olden days" pretty much sums things up. I squeak past the sliding glass doors in my regulation white patent leather shoes and make my way to the nurse's station to see which wing I'm assigned to. Shit. Queen-bitch nurse-in-charge looks up from her Ladies Home Journal to scrutinize me. I plant my best fake smile firmly on my face, hoping she doesn't notice that I skipped on the pantyhose today. I'm sorry, but how am I expected to be cheery when I've got itchy nylon riding up my ass crack? Besides, my legs are pale enough to pass for off-white hose. "Hello, Bella." She glances quickly at the clock on the wall behind me. "Humph, on time for once. Surprise, surprise. You've got the children's wing tonight. Rooms twenty-six through seventy-nine. And try not to make anyone cry today." Great, the chemo kids. How do you sugar-coat cancer? I don't know how the doctors and nurses do it day in and day out. I only have two more months of volunteering left. Well actually, volunteering probably isn't the right word. It's more like court-mandated community service. No, I wish I could say I'm doing this for brownie points for college applications. Unfortunately, that isn't the case. I got into a little trouble down at the Res. When I say a little, I really mean a fuck-storm. The guys just happened to stumble upon Quill senior's stash of peyote. Yeah, in retrospect it was a bad idea. Of course, at the time we thought we were fucking brilliant. Peyote is supposed to be a drug that allows inner spiritual reflection. The pack all thought it would help them connect with their spirit wolves. I was just along for the ride. And it was one hell of a ride. It didn't take long for the campfire to come alive. The first animal that came through the fire was a wolf—no surprise here. The whole pack's eyes reflected the flames from the wolf's form. It was entrancing to see the way their eyes danced and followed the wolf's every move. Soon the flames transformed into a phoenix. My phoenix. She flapped her wings sending hot cinders all over me. My skin began to burn. I tore off my clothes and rolled in the sand to put the fire out, you know, like you do when you're on fire. Lulu, my phoenix, told me to fly with her, and apparently I did – all over town. There's video evidence of me from Newton's Outfitter's surveillance cameras running around, frantically flapping my arms while buck-ass naked. And that's how I got slapped with public indecency. My pixelated nakedness even made the evening news. Yeah, I'm real popular. At least I have some anonymity in the kid's wing, with the younger kids anyway. So now, I'm making my way down the children's wing, wishing I could be anywhere else but here, when the only perk of the job makes his appearance— Doctor McDreamy. What? So I watch Grey's . It's like job training, only if this was a hospital staffed by exceptionally hot doctors with raging hormones and low moral standards. A girl can dream, can't she? In all reality, McDreamy really isn't my type. He's a little too old, too nice, and too married. But how anyone could think he passes for human is beyond me. Yeah, he's a vampire. Gasp . Not a big shock when you've grown up with the legends of the "cold ones". Charlie never bought into it— he's too logical. But even as a child I could see the truth in the elders' eyes as they recounted their stories— the history of the tribe. "Hi, Bella." McDreamy looks up from his patient's chart with a warm smile. "Hi, Dr. Cullen. How are things going tonight?" I'm hoping by some miracle he'll tell me all the kids are sound asleep. "Two discharges," he says, gesturing to the chart. "And one new admit." "Discharges, that sounds good." His smile falters for a moment. He seems to struggle for a response. I have a pretty good idea what this means. Most of the kids on this wing aren't too bad off. Frankly, the hospital doesn't have the state-of-the-art equipment needed to treat the aggressive cancers. So, if kids are being discharged, it either means that they are well enough to go home, or sick enough to be transferred somewhere else. Dr. Cullen always miraculously manages to find some obscure grant that funds treatment for the severe cases. "Any rooms I should avoid?" "Jenna in thirty-four is fast asleep. Michael in fifty-two isn't reacting well to the chemotherapy, and Alex in sixty-three is spiking a fever. That only leaves you twelve." I breathe a sigh of relief. Twelve I can handle. A few stories, some balloon animals— I'm really good at snakes— and I'll be done. Don't get me wrong, I like kids. In fact, that's the reason I don't like visiting this wing. Kids are supposed to be outside playing and getting into trouble. They're too young to deal with life and death. I didn't have cancer, but I really didn't have much of a childhood either. After Mom and Charlie divorced, Renee started living her second childhood. I guess her second adolescence would be more appropriate. At the young age of eight, I played the role of the girlfriend, helping her to get over her most recent break-up with the never-ending line of bastards she always ended up dating. I was relieved when she finally found Phil, and more relieved when I packed my bags to move here. Sure, I missed Phoenix, but Charlie isn't in need of parenting. All he needs is a cook – and I'm more than happy to oblige. "Well, I'll see you later, Bella." Dr. Cullen's crotch slowly came into view as I break out of my daze. Holy hell, how long have I been staring at his junk? My gaze snaps up to his face to see his uncomfortable expression. "Um, b-bye." I stammer, turning quickly before he can see my face turn into a tomato. I walk straight into the room directly in front of me, not bothering to look at the room number. I look at the boy sitting up in bed staring at me. He doesn't look so good. Then again, that's kind of the status quo around here. I need to switch gears. Time to do my job. There are kids who need cheering up, and I'm not dressed up like a human candy cane for nothing. Putting on my best enthusiastic smile, I approach the bed while digging in my pockets for a balloon. "What's your favorite color?" "Black," The boy responds, apathetic. Well, he sure isn't going to make this easy. "Alright, what's your second favorite color?" The corners of my mouth twitch trying to maintain my grin. "Brown." "Okay. Well, I don't have black or brown, so how about blue?" "No." "Blue it is. Do you want a snake?" The enthusiasm in my voice is now bordering on demented. "I don't like snakes." "Of course you don't." I'll have to get inventive. "How about a worm?" There was no immediate response this time, so I take that as a yes and start blowing up his balloon. Once the phallic object reaches a good two feet, I tie it off and whip out my sharpie. Now there's something I just love about the sound a sharpie makes as you write on a balloon. Seriously, there's nothing else like it. Satisfied that little Timmy's still quiet, I get into my work. " … two little eyes … a worm's gotta have segments right ..." Wormy looks awesome! I cap my sharpie and give Wormy to the boy. Crap, he just went from not looking so hot to literally turning a sullen shade of green. He bucks upright in bed, his cheeks suddenly balloon and …. Oh shit! He proceeds to projectile vomit all over me. And when I say projectile, I mean I feel it splatter on my face and hair with such velocity that I feel like I'm standing in a wind tunnel—a wind tunnel that spits broccoli cheese soup and stomach acid. "You must be Michael." I wipe as much vomit from my face as possible and press Michael's call button. Michael is laughing now, his arms clutching his stomach. I hear a muffled "my tummy hurts" between his laughs. This is information I could have used, oh, about two minutes ago. "Can I help you?" The nurse's voice sounds on the intercom. "Clean up on isle fifty-two. Mike's lost his lunch." Well, mission accomplished, I had the kid laughing. But I'm afraid that's all the entertainment I have in store for tonight. I slosh out to the nurses' station and see one of the Betty's hand fly up to her mouth to cover her shock at the sight of me. "Oh, you poor thing! There's more uniforms in the utility closet." She scuttles around the desk and to the clean linens cart and grabs several towels. "Room sixty is vacant. Go run through the shower real quick, hun." She placed the towels in my arms. God bless her for not laughing. I make my way to room sixty, trying hard not to leave too much destruction in my path. As promised, the room is empty. It looks like the cleaning lady had just been here. The beds are pristine, mitered edges and wrinkle free. Luckily, the shower is the first door on my left, so the damage I cause is pretty much contained. I open the door, flipping on the light switch. A cutesy fish-themed bathroom stares back at me, and I can care less at this point. I nearly rip the shower curtain off the rod to turn on the water. I slither out of my clothes and wait the millennia it takes for the water to warm up to a suitable temperature. The one inch by two inch bar of complementary soap isn't enough. After I wash my hair for the third time, I use the rest of the two-in-one as a body wash. I'm taking entirely too much time, but I really don't care. Wearing someone else's stomach contents warrants a long shower in my book. I even use the lotion, which finally drowns out the smell of chemo-vomit. I feel like a person again. With a towel wrapped around me, I step out to the vanity area to dig for a trash bag for my clothes. Truth be told, I'm not sure if they're even salvageable. I quickly come to a striking realization once I tie the bag closed. I have no clothes— no clean clothes. In my need to get clean, I completely skipped the trip to the utility closet. I glance at the neatly made beds, hoping that Betty realized my slip up and brought me a uniform. No-such-luck. Tiptoeing to the door, I open it just wide enough for