A/N: here's a Drarry story. Hope you enjoy it! Harry James Potter turned, strangled in the sheets and fell down. Rubbing his head, he reached for his glasses and put them on. He looked up to see a fuming Draco Malfoy at the door. "Wh-What?" Harry yawned. He rubbed his eyes and then it became clear. Draco's hair was red and golden, as messy as Harry's. The pale boy was looking ridiculous according to Harry. "What have you done?" Draco hissed. Harry tried his best to keep a straight face. "I have no idea what you are talking about Draco." "You!" Before Draco could say anything, the bell rang. Draco glared at Harry and he knew it was him who was supposed to go out. Standing up, Harry moved, almost brushing the blonde and stepped into the small Living-dining room they had. As he opened the door, he was greeted by a wrinkled, black haired smiling woman. "Good Morning Mrs Waters." "Good Morning Harry dear." She greeted back happily. "Where's Draco?" Harry pointed inside. Mrs Waters didn't need an invitation and barged in. Harry chuckled to himself and closed the door behind him. "Oh dear! What is wrong with your hair?" she asked, concerned. "Why don't you ask that idiot!" Draco sneered. "Now, now! No need to be so angry!" Mrs. Waters pulled a few letters from her bag and kept it on the table. "These are yours. Since when have you not checked your mailbox?" The two men exchanged guilty glances. Mrs. Waters shook her head and said, "No problem. I want both of you to be good boys and don't bother me anymore. I am going to have a nice day and if I hear one noise…" She looked at the two who nodded solemnly. "For God's sake Harry, do something about his hair!" Mrs. Waters commented and left the house. Harry closed the door behind her and turned to see Draco glaring at her. "You heard her. Turn it back." Draco ordered. "I kind of can't." Harry murmured. Utter silence took over the house. "Is this one of the Weasleys product?" Draco finally asked. Harry nodded. "How long will this last?" "Five hours." "HARRY!" It had all started after the war. Draco had been not allowed to use magic for five years and now eight years later, somehow he didn't want to. He felt a different kind of happiness and freedom in the muggle world. He was a chef in a local restaurant-his potion skills had paid off. Of course it was not very well received by his father and mother, but they just tried to remain happy in what their son wanted. Harry meanwhile came out as gay. The Weasleys were shocked to say the least. But they understood. Harry would flirt with Fred and George to irritate Ron and the twins would flirt back. Harry wanted to teach and somehow, he didn't feel like doing it in the wizarding world. So he had just left, and joined a university. Now, he taught students in the primary school and enjoyed it immensely. The two arch-enemies had met three years ago in a café. At first they were both shocked to see the other, seeing Draco had cut himself off from the wizarding world and Harry's knowledge was limited to the Weasleys. The two had sat down and chatted and Draco had made Harry swear he would not breathe a word of it to the 'Weasel or the Granger.' After a year of battling attraction, they had finally given in and began dating. A year ago, they had moved together. Nobody, neither in the wizarding world nor in the muggle world knew of their relationship except Mrs. Waters, their landlady. Harry wanted to tell the Weasleys at least, but he knew Draco's fear. He would be disinherited which he wasn't until now. Draco was already a marked Death eater and Harry, the savior. They weren't exactly sure how their world would react to the news. "Draco, I am sorry!" Harry only heard the groan in response. Opening the bathroom door, Harry slid in. Draco was standing in front of the mirror, bare-chest, his head lowered. Harry silently wrapped his hands around Draco's waist, resting his head on Draco's shoulder. "Take the day off. You don't even have a reservation." Harry advised. Draco looked up and said, "it's not that Harry." Harry looked up. Draco was definitely stressed. He hadn't slept properly in the past week. Their physical contact had been turned minimum and his mood had only worsened. Harry had hoped the prank would make him feel better. "What's the matter Dray?" he asked. Draco buried his head in his hand an murmured something. "What?" "My parents want me to marry someone." Draco said more clearly. "Well, I don't have a problem marrying so early." Harry shrugged. Draco turned to face Harry, glaring. Harry merely winked. "It's not funny." Draco replied. "The only reason a pureblood marries is to produce an heir. And unless you have decided to change your sex, I don't think you will be reproducing. Plus, my parents don't know about my sexuality." "So tell them." "It's not that easy Harry." "I know." Harry looked into Draco's eyes. "I have not even told the Weasleys!" "The Weasleys are not your real family!" "They are as good as!" Grey eyes met green, each pressing upon the subject. Finally, Draco gave in. "You won't understand." Saying so, he pushed Harry away and went out. Harry followed him and folded his arms. "You are making it impossible without any reason." Draco sat down on the bed and looked up. "The pureblood society won't accept it." "Correct me if I am wrong, but you haven't seen this wretched society in past eight years." Draco ignored him and pushing drawer from under his bed, took out a shirt. "Draco, it doesn't make any sense. The reason why we are hiding." Draco stood up and said, "You know why I am not so keen? Because you have everybody's acceptance, I do not. Let's just suppose I tell everyone. First of all, my parents will disinherit me. I do not care for the Malfoy family fortune Harry, but they are my parents! They ran around during the final battle without any wands to find me and protect me." Harry opened his mouth but was cut off by Draco. "They will never be happy. Second, The Weasleys. They might tolerate me but I will be looked down upon and they will never do something in front of you, but I know I will be their target most of the time. Last, the whole wizarding world." He extended his arm and pointed at the Dark Mark. "You see this mark harry? This defines me. Just because you don't think that it's bad doesn't mean that the rest of the world thinks the same way!" Draco stormed out of the room leaving an angry Harry behind. "Why does the world's acceptance matters so much to you!" Harry shouted. "Because I live in this world!" Draco shouted back. Harry stormed into the kitchen to find Draco wearing a cap and hiding his hair. "Where are you going?" "To work!" "Take the bloody day off!" Draco turned to see Harry. "So that we spend the rest of the day fighting over this? No thank you!" Harry went towards him and grabbed Draco by his arm. "How long will you keep pushing this subject Draco?" "You know my answer Harry." "Are you ashamed of me?' demanded Harry. Draco gave a humorless laugh and said, "No, but you should be of me." Draco turned and getting his am free, moved towards the door. Harry didn't know what took him over, but he shouted, "WELL THEN MAYBE I AM!" Draco froze in his steps. Harry realized what he said and immediately regretted it. Draco slowly turned around. Keeping his head down he said, "Good. You should get someone else then." "Dray I didn't mean…" the rest of Harry's sentence was lost by the slamming of the door. It had been days since Harry had gone to the burrow. But that day, he needed to be with family. Harry apparated near the house and walked towards house. By the amount of noise, Harry guessed the whole family had gathered together. Taking a deep breath, he walked towards the house. Ginny, who was flying around was the first to spot him. She lowered her broom and ran to hug the man. "Oh my god, where have you been?" Ginny asked, smacking Harry on his arm. "Ouch, Ginny!" He rubbed his arm and smiled at the girl. "Just around. Is everyone home?" "Yes!" Ginny nodded. "And you are coming in I hope?" Harry smiled and nodded. Beaming, Ginny pulled Harry inside the burrow. Molly as usual complained that Harry was not eating properly as she saw him. Fred and George clapped him on his back and began flirting shamelessly at him. Ron and Hermione were greeted him and then Hermione slapped him for not being in touch. Percy was out so the small family sat down for lunch. "So, Harry," Arthur looked at the device Harry was holding. "What does this do?" "This is a mobile phone. It basically allows you to talk." Harry explained. "Fascinating what muggles can do! And we are still struck with Owls!" Arthur laughed and handed Harry the phone back. "Will it work here?" he asked eagerly. "I doubt that." Hermione said. "Magic and muggle technology don't work well together. I mean, we remember what happened with your car." Everybody was lost for a moment, thinking about their own adventure with the car. Then, they shook their heads and everybody began chatting again. They were halfway through lunch when the door opened to reveal The Lupins and Bill, Fleur, Victorie and Dominique. "Moonlet!" "Hey Prongslet!" Teddy ran as Harry scooped the eight year old in his arms. Remus chuckled at the names godson and godfather had. "Hello Harry." Harry smiled at the older man and greeted. "Hey Remus. How are things at Hogwarts?" "Fine." Harry turned to Tonks who was morphing her face to entertain Dominique. "Hey Tonks." "Wotcher Harry!" she said excitedly. "How are the kids in school?" "Fine." He turned to Teddy who had morphed his hair to match Harry's. "Nice buddy." The Lunch passed with even more excitement after that. The kids, instead of eating began chasing around each other. After the lunch, Harry went to sit down beside Remus who had volunteered to look after the children in the garden. "You know," Remus suddenly said, "I remember when you were 1. You were a nightmare for all of us." Harry chuckled. He turned to look at Remus who was still looking at the children. "Sorry I haven't been visiting. Just had some…work." "It's all right Harry." Said Remus. "You literally spent the first three years after Teddy's birth at our home and helped us more than we could have hoped for." He looked at Harry as he gazed in a distance. "What is it Harry?" Harry looked at Remus' concerned face and shook his head. "I may not be your father, but I am a father." He said. "And with a wife like Dora and son like Teddy, you pick up a few things." Harry chuckled. Then he looked at the grass and said, "I am with this man." "Everybody knows that." "Well, he is not ready to come out, and I want him to be beside me whenever I am here. Even with the wizarding world being better, he is afraid. And I have no idea what to do." Remus seemed to think for a while. He then looked at Harry and asked, "Is he a pureblood?" Harry nodded. "Well, then. He is probably afraid of losing his position." "He doesn't have any." Remus raised an eyebrow as Harry paled. The way he was talking, Remus would find out and another row