A/N:Welcome to the new revised edition of A World He wanted. If you have not read the original version, well it has taken down and don't see the sequel cause you won't get a thing. Believe me, I promise you this will be worth your wait. 30th October, 1981 It was a pretty normal day in Godric's Hollow. Muggle children were choosing their dress for the next night. It was almost evening and everyone in all the houses was normal. But in one particular house, things were not so good. A red-head woman and a messy black haired man were fighting like their life depended on it. A messy-black haired baby was sitting nearby. He was unaffected by the rant and was more interested in the small mirror in his hand. Suddenly, the main door opened and the man angrily stormed out of the house. The woman kept shouting, telling him he was not supposed to go anywhere, but he ignored her. The woman, also known as Lily Potter, cursed and called her sister. And that is from where the story starts. Lily Potter sat on a relatively comfortable couch, little Harry playing in her arms with a dragon toy. She kept muttering something angrily under her breath. Jenny Violet Evans, the twin of Lily, with the only difference of the stunning brown eyes instead of the emerald green, was smirking. The wise Ravenclaw was sitting across her sister at an armchair. She was as tall as her sister. The two were as alike as two peas in a pod. But always, always Lily said that the sorting hat made a mistake. She was more suited for Ravenclaw. Jenny had always been the courageous lioness of the two. "Really made you angry this time, didn't he?" asked Jenny. Lily nodded. Suddenly, Lily couldn't control it anymore, her emotions didn't stayed bottled up and she burst out like gas out of a soda can. It was her own sister anyway, she had nothing to lose and so she started talking whatever that came to her mind. If James asked anything as to why she was babbling her relationship problems to her sister. It was his fault after all. "What the hell was he thinking? He thinks I do not care? I love Remus and Peter as well!" She banged her hand on the side of the chair. Harry looked at his mother after being disturbed and questioned her, "Mu'?" Lily saw her own eyes staring back at her. She broke into a smile and Harry gave a grin. Jenny leaned forward and said, "Take a deep breath, Lils. You know them, you know how they are, the boys." "Boys, huh?" It was Lily's turn to smirk. She was the only one who knew Jenny's secret, well not so much of a secret, a small tidbit that almost nobody knew. Jenny blushed, her cheeks turning red, "Shut up!" They both laughed and Jenny said, "Lils, let's talk about something else. It's make you feel better. That reminds me, have you seen a healer?" At Lily's shaking, Jenny said, "Lily, I strongly advise you to go and see the healer. I know one, you know." Lily grinned and said."Oh yes you do, but we are not allowed to leave this place." "Really? And where is James then?" Jenny inquired and Lily quieted down. "You are pregnant for God's sake, Lily. You need to see a healer. And you are the one who needs to go and enjoy and life, not your deer husband!" "How about a muggle doctor?" asked Lily, and Jenny leaned back in her chair and said, "That is not a bad idea either. But why this sudden distance from magic? I see your kitchen is working the muggle way." Lily gulped , "I don't know. Somehow, after Sev, I still had Marls to relate to magic, to see it as a boon and now…." Jenny placed a hand on her sister's hand. Lily sighed, "This world has taken more from me than give. Pet, Sev, Marls, Mum, Dad and so many more. I am seriously considering leaving. If this magic takes one more person from me…" As Lily raised her voice, Harry leaned and gave her a small peck on the cheek. Jenny laughed as Lily smiled and kissed her son. She handed Harry over to Jenny who looked at her and said, "Mum!" Jenny laughed even harder as Lily narrowed her eyes at her son. "He doesn't even know the difference between her own Mother and Aunt!" Jenny giggled, "Calm down Lils, he has been living with a few marauders for a while. He knows how to get on her mother's nerves, don't you Harry?" Jenny rubbed her nose along with Harry's who giggled, as if confirming her words. Taking a deep breath, she continued, "I lost them too. Well, maybe not Marls the way you did, but we had our share of fun." "Yeah, all right." Said Lily, half heartedly. "Anyways, how's your dear, little fiancé?"Asked Lily, changing the topic. With a smirk, Jenny said, "Very well. Although I think you've been seeing him more than I have." "Well, can't help it!" stated Lily. Nodding, Jenny said, "Hey, I have an idea about that healer thing. Why don't you go and I will stay here with Harry and James? It can be like a prank, he will not know it's me…" "He will know," stated Lily. "Lils, I am a Ravenclaw. I am pretty sure I can confuse that dunderhead." Lily opened her mouth to argue but was cut by Harry's call of "Mummy!" to Jenny. Jenny laughed and said, "See, this little devil is with me in this prank!" Sighing, Lily said, "Fine, I will go." James Potter leaned on the tree as Harold Boot looked at the potion in his hand. He looked up at James and asked, "Are you sure about this?" James nodded. Harold open the vial to take a sip and then asked, "Does anybody else know about this?" James shook his head, "We have a spy in our midst. Dumbledore is—well, he is the leader all right but he is far too trusting. Peter is already burdened, Remus is off and Sirius is still recovering. The Longbottoms have gone into hiding and the Prewett twins and we aren't exactly 'Mission' close, we are 'prank' close. So, no." Harold gulped and nodded. James said, "Listenmate, I will go into that Voldemort's den and call the Order. It's not even that hard! It's where we had speculated it to be, Malfoy Manor. And if I don't return till day after tomorrow, you can inform Dumbledore." Harold nodded, "Fine!" and he took a gulp of the newly, advanced, lasting Polyjuice Potion. As the night dawned, James made his way towards the Dark Lord's den. He had got a mask from somewhere. Slipping it on, he went in alone and searched for the snake who had caused all this trouble. He was worse than James remembered. How had he managed to defeat him, only Merlin knew. A chill ran down his spine. It was after some time that James realized that Voldemort was looking right at him. James hand very subtly went to his wand, and he sent a stunner towards Voldemort. But the Dark Lord easily managed to block it. Death Eaters' eyes had turned to them at once, but Voldemort raised a hand and everyone stopped. James' heart was beating very fast. He sent another curse at him but Voldemort blocked it as well. The third time however, James sent two spells at once and Voldemort managed to only bock one of them. James smiled and thought he had won but then he heard a cry of, 'Stupefy' and everything went black. 31 October, 1980 As Jenny took Harry, she asked, "What is it Lils?" "I don't know, but I don't have a good feeling about this", said Lily, clutching her stomach. "Go away Lily-flower, enjoy your life!" said Jenny, with a weird hand movement. "I will take care of your boys." Lily laughed and said, "Yes Ma'am. I am going." It was late, James realized as he opened his eyes. Everything was dark. Judging from the coldness under him, he was in a dungeon. As he tried to move, he felt revolting pain in his legs and hand. He was chained. James cursed the ungodly hour when he had had the plan to go and do this very stupid mission. He knew that he was probably missing his son's first Halloween! Well, technically not first, but he wasn't exactly sane enough for the last one. He remembered last time they had dressed up 3-month old Harry as a fawn, which the boy was perfectly fine with, surprisingly. James was a werewolf from one of the muggle movies. Sirius was on the floor laughing very hard. Marlene McKinnon, his fiancée at the time, had to kiss his twice to make him sober. James laughed to himself. Sirius' ways of sobering way were most ridiculous things ever. Sirius himself was some kind of robot in white and Marlene was one too. Lily, Remus and Emma Smith, Remus' muggleborn girlfriend, had laughed a lot understanding the muggle reference, but Sirius had just shrugged and enjoyed the food. The mentioned three had dressed up as some kind of muggle animals. Peter had dressed up as something only he understood, while Jenny had come as someone known as 'Leia'. It had been fun. Only Merlin knew what this one would be like, with the Potter's into hiding, both Sirius and Remus into pain and Peter as scared as a mouse, literally, and he himself in a stupid dungeon prison! Suddenly, James felt immense pain in his left hand. As James looked down at his hand, his eyes dilated in horror and he passed out once more. "My Lord." A young man bowed in front of Voldemort. Smirking, he tapped his wand on Peter Pettigrew's head, and he witnessed as the man's eyes became aware of his surroundings. He suddenly stood up and started shouting, "NO, NO! I WON'T HELP YOU! I won't betray my friends, you-you…!" "Crucio!" Pain. That was what Peter felt as the spell hit him. He wasn't good at practical work ever; it was a wonder that he had survived this war. The times Peter had been a burden on the Order just because of his weakness… As he felt the pain stop, Peter looked up and gathering all the courage he had said, "What happened? Lost all the power already?" "Oh no! I have plenty left. But you see, I have more important matters to attend to. You may go." Peter was skeptical. "Go?" "Why yes, go!" Peter heard Bellatrix laugh somewhere behind him. Voldemort stepped closer to the leaning figure and said, "Listen here Peter." "You became the Potter's secret keeper three to four days ago and have just informed me about their whereabouts. So, I bid you farewell." "James?" called Jenny, in a perfect imitation of Lily. Harold at first didn't notice, and then jerked his head up. "Yeah?" "Please take Harry for me. I will go and prepare the Halloween dinner. For all we know Sirius might drop by." Harold gulped. Sirius would easily tell that it was not James. On the other hand, maybe he could tell Sirius everything. Nodding, Harold took Harry who gurgled 'dada' and said, "Sure." Harry looked at Harold and frowned. Then he started crying. He heard Lily ask, "What happened dear?" Harold said, "N-Nothing dear." He looked at Harry and said, "Please Harry. Your father will be coming soon!" This only seemed to make Harry cry harder. "Oh Merlin!" muttered Harold. He loved this kid, and Harry loved him too. Why was he crying? As if hit, Harold eyes widened. He looked at the little boy and begged, "Please don't tell me you've wet yourself?" Harry merely cried. Very carefully, Harold tried to touch Harry's