Paul It had been a week since the newborn battle. Three days since we buried one of our pack mates. No one knew what to do anymore. I watched as Jake's imprint collapsed on his grave for the third night in a row. She had taken to coming here every day and every night since we buried him. Bella had been coming here every night since we buried him. She had a wolf with her each time because we were all afraid she was going to kill herself. Most of us really wouldn't blame her. In her opinion she had nothing left to live for. I was lost in thought thinking back to the battle. Everything was done. Seth and Edward had taken out the red-headed bitch and her companion when she followed Edward's scent trail to the campsite. Seth had worked with Edward to kill her and her companion. They were on their way back. Leah then had to go and act stupid going after a leech on her own. Jake saved her, but the leech got his arms around him. We thought it was just broken bones. Doctor Fang was going to meet us at Jake's after they made sure everything was taken care of. No one expected Jake's heart to stop on the way to his house. We found out later that a rib had punctured his lung and the pressure had damaged his heart. None of us knew how we were going to tell Bella when she finally made it to Jake's house. She had become such an important part of our pack and to have to tell her that her soul mate was dead about killed us all. Leah took off before Bella came to Jake's that night. She blamed herself and unfortunately so did everyone else. I didn't know what to think. If she hadn't tried to prove herself then none of this would have happened, but it was an accident and none of us knew the extent of the damage. I had a feeling there was at least one person on that field that knew the true extent of everything, but I had no way to prove it. I still remember hearing Bella's truck pull up and watching her jump out of it. We were all sitting outside waiting to give her the bad news. Sam was going to tell her, but Edward had to go and open his big mouth. He started in on how Jake wasn't her real soul mate and that now that he was gone they could get back together. I remember her screaming at him that he was an asshole, that he was lying just to get her back and that Jake promised he'd never leave her, but one look at all of us and she knew it was true. She broke down right then and there screaming and crying. Seth had picked her up and taken her into Jake's room so she could say goodbye to him. It had taken her several hours to cry herself to sleep while she laid next to him on the bed. None of us really had the heart to move her, but we eventually had to so we could give Jake a proper burial. That had been the hardest thing I had ever done. Seth couldn't do it because he didn't have the heart to hurt her even more. I really didn't either, but I knew if she had any hope of moving on she needed the closure that the burial would hopefully bring her. I was brought out of my thoughts by Bella's screaming over Jake's grave. I sent up a howl. I knew the rest of the pack would want to be here like we always were. None of us wanted her to go through this alone and none of us wanted our brother's to be the one to have to go through it alone either. Watching her was painful for all of us. What's going on? ~Sam Bella is at Jake's grave again. ~Me She's not going to make it at this rate. She's already lost so much weight. ~Seth No, I don't think she will. Unfortunately there's nothing we can do. None of us knew how the death of the wolf would affect the imprinted person. ~Sam The pack arrived just as I stepped out of the forest to go closer to Bella. I knew Bella knew I was there. She always seemed to know when one of us was there with her before she ever saw us or heard us. "Everyone always said how bad it would be for the wolf if something happened to his imprint, but none of you said anything about what would happen to the imprint if something happened to the wolf. I miss him every day. I can't eat, I can't sleep. I can't even think without my thoughts going to him. He promised he'd never leave me. What am I supposed to do now? It feels like my heart has been ripped out of my chest. I know you guys are hurting too, but I don't know what to do. How am I supposed to go on? I want the Cullen's to suffer for what they've allowed to happen. If they had destroyed Victoria when James was killed none of this would have happened. If I had just died in Phoenix none of this would have happened either. Maybe this is God's punishment for me. Maybe I'm never meant to be happy. Maybe this is my punishment for getting involved with vampires and never giving Jake the chance he deserved when they threw me away. I want it to end. Why won't God let it end?" She whispered as she looked directly at me. I could see the pain and torment in her eyes. It broke my heart. I quickly phased and pulled my shorts on. "This isn't your fault Bella. If you want the Cullen's to suffer I'll make sure they suffer. I'll do anything you want to try and make you feel better. I'll go around any Alpha order I have to. Damn the treaty to hell for all I care anymore." I assured her and I would. Treaty be damned. I heard all the others phase human and looked over my shoulder. Sam nodded. I knew he wanted revenge as well. None of us blamed Bella for Jake's death. She was a human caught up in the supernatural world. The Cullen's should have never brought her into this world. She wasn't Edward's mate. She was Jake's and the bastard knew it. He had interfered in their mating from the very beginning. Jake had felt a connection to her since they were little. Bella had admitted she'd felt it too, but once she met Edward everything became fuzzy and disoriented. That threw up red flags for us all, but we didn't know what to do. "We'll make them suffer Isabella. I promise you that on my life." Sam said as he came up to her. She had been staying at Sam's the last week since Jake's death. He knew better than anyone how bad things were for her. We could all see in his mind what she went through at night. She would wake up screaming Jake's name and then cry for hours before getting sick and then finally passing out. "They knew I wasn't Edward's mate Sam. Jasper came by Charlie's earlier today when I was visiting him and told me. He said he had told them from the beginning that I wasn't meant to be a vampire. He said Alice knew I was meant to be with Jake. They also knew staying here would make you all phase. Ephraim had told them that when they originally made the treaty. It was only ever about my silent mind and my blood. Edward was obsessed with me. Jasper is the only one I don't want to suffer. He tried to help me. He tried to get them to destroy Victoria when they left me in September, but they refused to listen to him and threatened to call the Volturi to have him removed. He couldn't do anything. He said he'll go to his brother's and he won't stop you. He wants me to go with him. He knows what it's like to lose his mate. Alice killed her thirty years ago. He says he can help me. I don't know what to do Sam. If I stay here I'm afraid I'll kill myself. I want to kill myself. I just want the pain to end." She whispered to us. None of us knew what to tell her. We didn't want her to leave or become a vampire, but none of us knew how to help her here. I saw Seth walk up to her. "You do what you have to do Bella. None of us are going to stop you. Jake would want you to be happy. He loved you with everything he had in him. Being with you was the best time of his life. He really loved you." The pup told her. I knew he was right. I looked around at my brother's and they all had tears in their eyes. I knew I did. "We won't stop until every one of them except Jasper is dead." Jared vowed. "We'll get them Momma." The twins promised. Brady and Collin would definitely avenge their mother's pain. "I guess in the end Victoria won. She wanted a mate for a mate, but she just didn't know who my mate was." Bella whispered as she snuggled into Seth's chest. She was exhausted. All of us wolves could hear her screaming at night. She called out for Jake and there was nothing we could do. Seth picked her up and we all started walking towards Sam's house. About halfway there we noticed Bella was asleep. Her nightmares hadn't started yet which was unusual to say the least. "Maybe she can't sleep without the heat of a wolf anymore." Sam mused. He might be on to something. "It would make sense. She's been sleeping with Jake next to her for the last six months. He always said she never complained about being too hot. Maybe she gets too cold now?" Seth said. He had a point. She was used to sleeping next to someone that was 108.9 degrees. She had always stated she hated when Cullen would sneak into her room because she would freeze. She didn't like the cold and that was exactly what he was. He was a frozen vampsicle. "Anyone volunteering?" Sam asked as he looked at us all. He knew Jared and Quil couldn't do it because of the imprints. "I'll stay tonight Sam. Mom will understand." Seth said, "Can you give them a call?" "Sure kid. I'll let Emily know as well." He said as we walked out of the forest behind his house. Emily was waiting on the back porch. "Was she at Jake's grave again?" She asked. I could see the pain in her eyes as she looked at Seth with Bella in his arms. She loved the girl like a daughter and it was killing her to see her in so much pain. "Yeah. We've also promised her something, but we'll talk about that tomorrow. I need to call Harry and Sue. Seth is going to stay the night with Bella. Seems she might sleep better if she's sleeping next to one of the pack." Sam explained as he quickly wrapped Emily up in his arms. "Is it alright if I sleep on your couch tonight Sam?" I asked. I didn't want to leave Bella just yet. We had become really good friends the last couple of months and I couldn't stand to see her like this. "Sure. You know you're always welcome." He said as he let go of Emily and walked into the house. I watched as Seth took Bella upstairs