A/N: I'm back! It's taken me ten long months to write this story but I have finally gotten it to a place where I can begin posting chapters. I promise to update every Wednesday. This is a sequel to Coming Attractions, so if you have not read that I strongly suggest you start with that story. I look forward to any and all comments and questions. Thanks so much for checking out my story! FULL EXPOSURE Chapter 1: BPOV Oh, God. Here we go again. He's stalking towards me with that look in his eye and for the first time in almost a year I wish I wasn't tied to Edward's bed. He's still hard; how can he still be hard? I don't think I can take any more stimulation. My vagina was waving the white flag three orgasms ago. Edward asked how many times I wanted to come in tonight's performance and I was only kidding when I answered. I'll never joke around when my master asks a question ever again, no sir. Fuck, his hands are on my ankles now, slowly making their way up my spread legs. My whole body quivers because I know where he's headed. I struggle against my wrist and ankle restraints like an unseasoned submissive. He instructed me not to move but it's a reflex of self preservation. I silently chant for him to please, please go easy on me. His fingers part my lips and makes contact. Tongue to clit. I moan loudly. One more, surely my heart can survive one more. Tonight I've been spanked, flogged, and fucked into release six times. It seems my master's choosing to end the evening with a little old fashioned oral sex. This will be just what I need. One slow and sensual release to end the evening feeling thoroughly pleasured. But no, wait a second. There's something in his mouth… it's hard and smooth and fuuuuuck it's vibrating! Edward's tongue is not alone in his mouth. Tiny vibrations are bouncing against my pussy in the most unbelievable way. His hands hold my hips firmly in place against the mattress or otherwise I'd be flopping around like a fish out of water. This is the most disturbing and amazing sensation imaginable. He doesn't relent as my moans increase in volume and intensity. My God, he's trying to kill my poor, battered, overworked pussy. I feel my inner muscles constricting once again, preparing for climax. "Feel it, Isabella. Let it go," he murmurs loud enough for everyone to hear. His voice sounds funny with the vibrating ring on his tongue. I would almost want to laugh if I wasn't about to explode from the inside out. Edward's hands release my hips and they immediately jerk upwards to meet his face. I feel one long finger slip effortlessly inside me as his other hand holds my leg still. I'm sore but in that good, completely satisfied way. As his finger begins to move my body gives up the hopeless fight and orgasm number seven courses violently through me. I cry out in near painful pleasure as my body releases the built up pressure from within and then goes numb. Suddenly I remember the dimly lit room is filled with members of the club and every one of them has watched my master and lover dominate me. I can feel all eyes on my naked and trembling body as I take much needed breaths to calm myself. Edward has brought me to great heights of pleasure over and over and I'm so proud to be on stage with him. My heart is still pounding and I can't move. The shackles on my wrists have caused delicate pink marks to surface. My lower half feels limp and weightless. Edward's head emerges from between my thighs and there's a wicked smirk on his face. He moves up and kisses my forehead as the stage goes black. In the darkness Edward releases my wrists and ankles. "Can you walk, Pet?" he whispers. We need to leave the stage so Rosalie can turn the lights back on. "I'm shocked I can even speak, Master." He chuckles darkly and then lifts me into his arms and carries me backstage to where Rose is waiting for us. We're both still nude from the scene but it's nothing Edward's cousin hasn't seen before. I've become incredibly comfortable in my own skin since I began performing at the club with Edward eleven months ago. "Good scene," Rosalie says looking at Edward first and then me. "Jason asked me to remind you to stick around for a while; put in a little face time out front." I groan internally. Jason Jenks, the owner of Coming Attractions, has requested that Edward and I mingle with our viewers the past four Friday nights. I usually don't mind the attention but tonight Edward has really pushed my body hard and I'm exhausted. Edward hates this part of performing at the club but he doesn't have the courage to say no to his friend and mentor. Edward and I have become a very popular couple in the theater and the larger audiences have proved to be quite lucrative for the club as a whole. Edward tells Rose we will be out in the main bar area of the club in about fifteen minutes and I follow him to the dressing room that used to be Edward's. I love that now both our names are on the door. I take my silk robe off the hook behind the door and Edward helps me into it before reaching for his own clothes. He dresses in a tight white t-shirt and dark blue jeans and then joins me on the sofa. I look forward to this time together after each performance, my master's aftercare and a discussion of the scene. The loving attention he showers me with during these times makes me feel so cherished. We're still in our Dom and sub roles, and will remain so until we leave the building, but our dressing room is a place where I'm allowed to speak freely. "What are your thoughts on tonight's scene, Isabella?" Edward asks as his hands smooth across my shoulders. "Mmm, that feels nice. I felt pressured near the end to please you by finishing. I wasn't sure if I could do it that last time." "I knew you could," he assures me. "I'd never push you to do something you weren't capable of." "Yes Master, and I trust you completely, but sometimes I still worry I'll disappoint you when we try new things," I confess. Edward's hands circle my waist and he pulls my body back against his chest. His chin rests on my bare shoulder as he holds me tenderly. I feel the rise and fall of his muscular chest as he breathes and after a few ins and outs my own breathing falls into the same pattern. "You could never disappoint me, Isabella. I was surprised though when you picked seven for your number of orgasms tonight," he says. I smile. "It was a mistake on my part. My master didn't hear the sarcasm in my answer." Edward chuckles. "I can assure you he did. That ought to teach you Isabella, not to tease me." "I have learned my lesson, Master." I can feel his lips turn up into a smile against my neck. I love when Edward holds me this way, my back to his chest. It's possessive and tender at the same time. I will never tire of his affections. Being with Edward both on stage and behind closed doors has been the most wonderful experience of my life and I've loved everything we've done together so far. His lips ghost across the side of my neck as he continues rubbing my shoulders soothing the achy muscles. We spend a few more minutes cuddling and winding down after our intense scene. We need to stay in our D/s roles while we're out in the bar area of the club talking with the other members, and until we leave the club tonight. Not only to make Mr. Jenks happy, but because this is what Edward and I have agreed to for our own reasons. It's one of our many rules that keeps balanced the fine line between dominance and dating. Tonight we sit at a table in the middle of the bar area and order drinks from Bianca. Edward has dressed me in a pale pink tank top with spaghetti straps and a short black skirt over fishnet stockings. Between Edward choosing my playtime clothes and our friend Alice commandeering my closet at home I rarely get to chose my own clothes anymore. A few people approach the table to tell us how much they enjoyed our scene. Other than Rosalie, none of Edward's friends and family is here. Emmett's not working tonight and Jasper doesn't like Alice coming on Friday nights. The idea of watching his cousin fornicate still churns his stomach. I've always felt like I was witnessing an intimate expression of human sensuality when I sat in the audience of the Coming Attractions' theater. Alice, Rose, and Edward agree with that impression of exhibitionism but none of us have succeeded in convincing Jazz. About ten minutes after we sit down Rose brings over a man and woman I recognize as regulars, though I've never spoken to them before. "Edward, this is Gabriel and Sandra. They saw the performance and wanted to meet you if that's alright." Gabriel sticks out his hand and Edward shakes it politely. "Of course. Have a seat. Isabella and I would love for you to join us." The couple sits down across from us, looking excited and nervous. The man is tall with dark brown hair and a goatee. The woman looks a few years younger than him. She's blonde and has obviously enhanced breasts that are barely contained in her halter top. I smile cordially but don't speak, keeping in my place as submissive. "Have you been members long?" Edward asks conversationally. "We just joined last month and are trying to learn the lifestyle," Gabriel replies. He appears nervous, folding his hands together on top of the table. "Hmm. Have you had any training?" "We've been studying online and coming to see all your scenes." "Emmett McCarthy has started offering training sessions for members. I don't train anymore but I taught Emmett and can vouch for his expertise," Edward says kindly. "Have you seen him perform?" "We saw his and Rosalie's scene last weekend. It was awesome," Sandra says before Gabriel has a chance to respond. "I'll give you a few pointers and then I think you should speak with Emmett. I promise you he's a very good teacher," Edward says. "That would be great," Gabriel replies enthusiastically. Lots of members have asked to scene with Edward or train with him over the years. He's undoubtedly one of the best Doms at Coming Attractions. And he's all mine! I cheer silently. He used to scene with a number of different submissives before me, but since we began dating we've been monogamous. I assisted Edward in Emmett's training and then one other Dom, but soon after that he decided we should stop. I really enjoyed watching Edward instruct another dom and was a little disappointed when he said he wanted to quit for the sake of our relationship. It was so hot watching him give direction to another man, hearing him work through a scene, and getting a glimpse inside his thought process. "First, make sure you have studied each other's list of limits. You have to be able to trust each other to know where your boundaries lie. Communication is key. Talk after every session and make sure to be honest with your feelings because you must be able to trust one another. Are you romantically involved or is your relationship strictly for play?" "Both," Gabriel affirms. "We just started