A/N: Hello readers! I am currently working on three stories right now and can't seem to focus on just one. Letter From the Heartland has 10 chapters completed. Notes on His Pillow has 20 chapters completed. Deviant Minds has 2 chapters completed. If you have followed my stories in the past you'll probably remember two things about me. 1) I hate posting a story before it is completed and 2) My writing is frequently stifled by pregnancy! Well, you guessed it, I am prego again! Baby is due in a few months so I am flummoxed what to do with these stories. They are all different and enjoyable to write. I thought I would post a chapter or two of each and let you all decide which one I focus on. So please leave me a review for the stories you read and I'll decide from the feedback which one is the winner. Again, the titles are: Letter From the Heartland, Notes on His Pillow, and Deviant Minds Thanks! -Books A Letter From the Heartland Chapter 1 Zero Gravity Premiere Edward stumbled through the heavy oak doors of his house in Beverly Hills and waved to his limo driver just to prove that he was indeed capable of unlocking the door on his own. He was so tired of people opening soda cans for him and constantly asking him if he was alright every time he coughed or sighed too loudly. He hated being babied and the constant attention Edward had been receiving for the past year was wearing on his psyche. His driver, Stanley, had had his doubts about Edward's ability to care for himself that evening. He'd watched Edward approach the black limousine in the back alley behind the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel hours earlier. He knew that night was the premier of Edward's new movie and he would undoubtedly be partying hard. But Stanley had never seen his boss that bad off before. Edward had been slurring his words and stumbling towards the limo with a mob of paparazzi cameras flashing in his face the whole way. He only had to walk ten feet from the back door of the hotel to Stanley's limo but even that short distance proved too much for the young actor. Stanley had bolted from his seat behind the wheel just in time to catch Edward before he fell face first into the pavement. Those damn cameramen were so concerned about getting a decent shot of Edward Cullen than not one hand extended to help stop him from tasting the concrete. Stanley had to drive around Los Angeles for over an hour until he was certain that not a single car was still following them. After having been Edward's driver for six months he was now very familiar with the makes and models of the cars belonging to the most persistent members of the paparazzi. Meanwhile Edward was lying in the back muttering something about his agent being a money hungry bitch. He looked like he would be sick any moment and Stanley hoped beyond hope that he could get Edward back to his home in Beverly Hills before the hors d'oeuvre's from the very upscale Zero Gravity after party were spewed all over his limo's leather interior. Thanks to Stanley, Edward arrived home unnoticed by the media or even his neighbors. A little after three am Edward finally shuffled his feet across the marble floor of his foyer and into the large empty kitchen. The cabinets were made from the finest wood and the appliances all top of the line stainless steel but that hadn't impressed Edward when he selected this house. He always thought the kitchen was too large and felt cold. He chose the house because of the gated community around which it sat; not because of its bells and whistles, although it did have quite a few of those. Edward proceeded to vomit in the deep basin sink and afterward ran the water for a good minute to make sure there would be no evidence when Lupe came to the house Monday. His housekeeper had enough work to do each day cleaning up after the twenty three year old bachelor; she didn't need to wipe up his sick too. Edward felt better after purging his stomach so he went to the fridge and pulled out a fresh beer. He realized he was drowning his sorrows in alcohol but couldn't think of a better way to ward off the demons inside his head. At the party tonight one of his costars had taken offense to his foul mood. Laurent was a French Canadian actor who'd played another astronaut in the sure to be blockbuster hit, Zero Gravity . He had told Edward that tonight was a celebration of their accomplishment and he needed to loosen up. Laurent had handed Edward drink after drink until he was able to forget all about the film they just watched. Edward had hated the script the moment he read it and hated the whole project more and more as filming got underway. He had to wear a moon suit twelve hours a day for three months shouting things like "She's coming in too steep!" and "We'll never get out of this alive!" in front of a green screen. It was torturous from beginning to end. He knew while they were making the movie that the final product would be an offense to the film industry, but he had made promises and signed contracts. His agent told him it would make his career and the money was more than he'd ever dreamed of making his entire life. To earn that much from a single role was like winning the lottery. It was a prize he couldn't bring himself to pass up. Edward took his beer into the living room and slumped unceremoniously to the couch. He noticed Lupe had left his mail on the coffee table so with shaky hands Edward began leafing through it. There were two sorted piles, one being a collection of bills. His phone bill alone was over a thousand dollars a month. When Edward signed on to portray Travis Tague in Zero Gravity he celebrated by buying a lot of things he couldn't even recall now. The Smart TV was one, a lot of electronics probably, and a fully equipped SUV. Everything else he'd already forgotten about. He had no clue what was included in that Verizon bill but it was of little concern to him. Hank, his financial adviser, handled all that. He took another swig of beer and carefully placed the brown bottle on the table. The second pile of mail was more to Edward's liking; they were letters from his fans. Edward enjoyed reading his fan mail. The envelopes were always different shapes and sizes, some had drawings or pictures taped to the outside designed to catch his attention, others smelled like perfume. A few months ago he made an effort to reply to as many as he could. Now there were so many letters that he'd be lucky to even open half of them. Edward's fans made him hate his new life a little less. Sometimes they were all that kept him from disappearing back to the small town in Wisconsin he still considered home. Reaching for the beer bottle for one last swig, Edward clumsily knocked it over spilling the amber liquid all over his mail. Many fan letters were soaked beyond saving and a number of bills were ruined too. Edward cursed out loud and threw the wet envelopes onto the travertine tiled floor beneath his feet. As he looked upon the mess he made, Edward remembered the little white pill Laurent had given him at the party. He made the mistake of trying to explain to his costar just why he was feeling so down that night. Zero Gravity was even worse on the big screen that it had been while in production. Edward was always uncomfortable watching himself on screen so the entire premier itself was arduous. He began telling Laurent that fame and fortune weren't turning out to be everything he'd imagined. When he asked Laurent if he believed in karma his costar and occasional friend rolled his eyes and pushed him into a dark corner. "Stop talking about shit like that, Cullen," Laurent whispered. "Stop over thinking everything and just enjoy it, will you?" Laurent had slipped a clear plastic baggie into Edward's hand containing the pill. It came with a promise of mellowing out and having a good time. Edward had to admit that sounded tempting, but he'd never indulged in any drug stronger than a little weed. He slipped the pill into his pocket and thanked Laurent. Home and all alone in the dark empty mansion Edward once again considered swallowing the tiny poison. He hadn't even asked Laurent what it was called, but there wasn't any possibility that he'd given him something beneficial like a dietary supplement. Edward looked around the living room, deciding what to do. He wondered if his life had really come to this; doing mystery drugs alone in a house ten sizes too big for one person. His mind was cloudy from the alcohol but he wasn't stupid. He'd graduated from the D.A.R.E. program in middle school. Edward scoffed at the direction his thoughts had taken. His memories, school, home, his family; all that seemed like another lifetime. He didn't want to take drugs. He wanted to be happy again. He thought about calling his mother, she always made him feel loved. But it was three thirty in the morning and he was drunk. A middle of the night phone call to Wisconsin would only worry his mother to death. She'd be able to sense the pain and desperation in his voice and undoubtedly start to cry. Esme Cullen had been the first person to tell Edward to follow his dreams, but the last to support his decision to move to Los Angeles. She worried about her youngest baby surviving the culture of Hollywood. Edward was beginning to think she was right. He soon realized there was no one else to talk to. Lupe was off Sundays; he wouldn't see her again until sometime Monday morning. His housekeeper had become his closest friend, or at least the person who knew him best. The thought depressed him. His friends in Hollywood were untrustworthy. Most of the guys only hung out with him because of the attention it awarded them or special perks from restaurants and clubs that came with Edward's level of fame. The women he met only wanted him to take them to bed, and his friends back home in Wisconsin acted strangely around him now. He couldn't bare his soul to his brother, Emmett, because he was jealous of Edward's fame. Emmett thought Edward didn't appreciate his great luck and success. He would have no sympathy for him, and instead would demand to know why he hadn't been invited to the movie premier. Eventually Edward made the decision that he wouldn't be reduced to Laurent's idea of a good time, but he also didn't throw the little white pill away. Instead, he tucked it deep inside the drawer of the coffee table underneath a Men's Health magazine and a recent issue of GQ in which Edward was featured on the cover. Someone had penned a large handlebar mustache across Edward's face on the magazine's cover. It was probably one of his so called friends trying to be humorous. Edward kept the defaced magazine because he felt the image was a metaphor for what he had become. He felt like he was always in disguise, parading about like a fun sexy superstar, when in reality he was really just a small town Wisconsin boy hiding behind designer jeans, bleached white teeth, and a lot of hair gel. Edward let out a long sad sigh as he retrieved a hand towel from the kitchen