A/N: So this story idea came to me in a dream, you might call it my Meadow Scene. I just had to get it out of my head before I forgot everything. I dreamt about a real politician but of course changed his name and identity to qualify as an ExB fanfic (and save myself from embarrassment!) If you are one of my Letters From the Heartland readers you're probably thinking, "Books, why the hell aren't you working on Chapter 27 right now?" I know, okay! I feel like I'm cheating on all of you with this One Shot. But I swear, it was a one time thing. This fic means nothing to me... I only love you. Now that this is out of my system I can get back to Letters. I hope you all enjoy this product of my REM sleep (which is hard to come by with three kids I'll have you know!) Don't forget to leave a review. The October Surprise All the lights in the hallways had been turned off for the night even though a few aides and campaign staffers were still hard at work in spite of the late hour. The darkness was a continuing effort to show the American people that their various representatives did not waste taxpayer funded electricity. The opposition called it pandering to voters and supporters said they weren't doing enough to conserve energy. It was nothing out of the ordinary this deep into a campaign season. October was the home stretch for the hundreds of people working around the clock to get their House or Senate member reelected. After November 4th it would all be over; either the pressure would be off for another term or they would all be headed home come January. One of the few remaining glows of florescent lighting came from the third office on the left in the Russell Senate Office Building in Washington D.C. It was the office of Edward Cullen, and unbeknownst to him, his main speech writer was in for another long night. Bella Swan had just scrubbed two paragraphs from a speech she'd spent days crafting. Even though her boss was ahead in the polls by a ten point margin she still wanted to make sure his remarks for the following day's press conference were perfect. The junior senator from Pennsylvania had left the office hours earlier to make a speech on the Senate floor advocating for some piece of legislation. Bella couldn't keep track of all the committees and legislation with which Senator Cullen was involved. She had diligently followed his projects the first six months that she worked for him but eventually got lost in the shuffle. Edward Cullen was one of the few politicians who went to Washington with genuine ambition to make a difference and was actually following through. His dedication to so many important issues meant he spent more time working and less time enjoying the spoils his position afforded him. Admiration for her boss and large doses of caffeine were going to get Bella through the next thirty four days until elections. The sound of The Battle Hymn of the Republic roused Bella from the catnap she was awkwardly taking in Edward's office chair. She cracked her neck left and then right before reaching for her cell phone. "Hello, Bella Swan speaking." "Bella, you're in D.C., right?" a frantic voice asked over the phone. Alarmed, Bella replied that she was. "I'm sorry, who is this?" She glanced at the clock on the wall and saw that it was after midnight. "It's Stephen Cross," replied Cullen's political adviser. "I just got a call from the secret service. There was an incident outside the Capitol Building. Cullen was attacked by someone on the street and he's hurt. But I'm in Philadelphia right now." "Oh my God, what happened?" Bella demanded. She jumped to her feet and began searching the room for her purse and keys. "He was taking questions from a small crowd and someone must have rushed him. The Secret Service said he was stabbed, but that's all I know. Can you go to the hospital and find out what happened?" "I'm on my way." "Bella, don't speak to the press until we can come up with an official statement." "Jesus Christ, Stephen! Who cares what the press thinks? Edward could be in the ICU or worse for all we know!" She threw her phone into her purse without bothering to wait for his response. Stupid political adviser, she thought to herself. Everything is about the optics to them. Twenty minutes later Bella burst through the double doors of George Washington University Hospital's emergency room and stated her name, demanding to see Senator Cullen. She thought for sure she'd be turned away since she wasn't related in any way to the high profile politician. Surprisingly, there was no opposition from the nurse behind the counter. She simply looked up the room number and directed Bella through the maze of halls to room 108. "Thank you," Bella mumbled and walked quickly towards Edward's room. There was no telling what she would find inside the room, but her heart was pounding and her stomach was twisted in knots. She feared the worst, that maybe Edward was badly hurt or in a coma. But at least he was alive; he had to be or the nurse wouldn't have allowed her access, right? As Bella rounded the corner of the hall she noticed that there were no secret service agents present or staff of any kind. As she entered room 108 Bella immediately saw Edward's eyes were closed. His head was slightly elevated with pillows and there was an IV in his right hand. The image of her boss lying in the hospital bed disturbed her even more than she expected. She looked for injuries and there was a white bandage wrapped around his left forearm. There was no one sitting at his bedside which she found odd. Why was he all alone? Bella had always secretly found Edward Cullen to be quite handsome. Tall and lean with short brown hair and bright green eyes. He was younger than most of the other House and Senate members and his personality was equally appealing to his looks. She wished she could see those beautiful green eyes at that moment. His body was dressed in one of those ugly hospital gowns which was an unsettling sight. It made him look so fragile. Bella had never seen Senator Cullen in anything but a suit and tie before. She quickly crossed the room and sat in the chair beside the bed. Bella instinctively placed her small hand over his and squeezed. She was relieved to feel that his hand was warm. For a few minutes she sat there watching the slight rise and fall of his chest as he breathed on his own and was comforted by the steady rhythm of his heart on the machine behind his head. She wished a nurse or doctor would come into the room so she could ask about his condition. Edward appeared to be sleeping but she was still very worried. She thought someone ought to call his wife. Hopefully Stephen had thought to give Rosalie a call after the incident. She must be worried sick about him, but without speaking to a doctor Bella knew that she would have nothing new to report. It was nearing two o'clock in the morning when Bella felt Edward's arm move. She must have dozed off at his bedside because it took her a moment or two to remember everything that had happened and why she was in a hospital room holding Senator Cullen's hand. "You found me," Edward said as if they'd been playing a game of hide and seek. He smiled brightly when their eyes met. "Are you okay, Edward?" Bella asked feeling stupid. She could see that clearly he was not close to death as she had feared just a little while earlier. Edward was more than alright, he was awake! Bella was so relieved she squeezed his hand tighter and sighed with relief. "I'm okay, Bella. Still a little shaken up, but otherwise okay." "I've been so worried. Stephen told me that you were stabbed?" Edward winced at the word. It reminded him of what occurred hours earlier and he could practically feel the cold steel slicing his skin all over again. Senator Ayotte had accompanied him in the ambulance and wouldn't stop talking about the attack. It was why he'd demanded everyone leave him alone after his wounds were stitched up. All he wanted to do was sleep and try to forget about what had happened. "Yes, twice. Kelly and I were outside the Capitol taking a few questions. This crazy man forced his way through the center of the crowd and lunged at me." "Twice?" Bella whispered. Her eyes fell to his forearm wrapped in a bandage five inches long. "That's a defensive wound. I put my arm up to protect my chest and he slashed me," Edward said noticing her wide eyes. That one's not too deep." "And the other?" Bella urged. Edward tried to move his hand to point to the location of the other wound and realized it was being cradled by Bella's. She blushed as he pulled his hand away and he pressed his lips together not knowing what to say. Everything about this day was humiliating. He hated feeling helpless and weak in front of one of his employees. Especially Bella. "It's on my torso. The doctor said I was lucky the bastard only nicked a rib. A few inches lower and I would probably be in surgery right now." "Can I see?" Bella asked. She needed to know how badly Edward was hurt and without thinking about what she was doing reached for the hospital gown to pull it up. Edward quickly grabbed the gown out of her hands and pulled the blanket close around his waist. "I'm not wearing pants, Bella," he answered embarrassed. "Oh, my God! I'm so sorry. I don't know what I was doing. I just have this horrible vision in my head of you being slashed across the gut like in a horror movie or something. I pictured your intestines spilling out all over the steps of the Capitol Building." Edward smiled weakly. "This is why I told Stephen to send you, Bella. I knew you'd be able to keep a cool head," he teased. Bella scowled at his sarcasm. "There's nothing funny about what happened to you! I was so scared." "I know. Believe me, I know." "Did anyone call your wife yet? Have you talked to her?" Edward frowned and looked away from her face. "No, I told the doctors not to." "But why?" Bella gasped. "Rosalie needs to know. She won't freak out as much if it's you who calls her. She'll believe that you're going to be okay when she hears your voice." "It's not that," Edward replied and looked at the entrance to his room to make sure no one was walking around the hall. "Rosalie and I are separated, Bella. That's why I don't want anyone calling her." "Separated? How did I not know this?" Bella asked surprised. "I didn't want to file divorce papers in an election year and then have to answer media questions about my marriage. I'm sure you understand that." "Of course I do, but may I ask how long it's been? I just mean... divorce papers already? You're not going to try to work it out?" Edward looked ashamed and Bella immediately regretted pressing the Senator for such personal details. They had always had a strictly professional relationship and it was none of her business what Edward and Rosalie decided was best for their lives. "It's been four months, but there's no hope for reconciliation at this point. I'm ninety percent sure she's already sleeping with someone else. So that's