Author's Note: The game in this one-shot is find the direct quote from the book or even paraphrasing. I literally had the book open next to me to pull important information and dialogue I felt would be the same from those moments. Happy Holidays everyone. Also, obviously this is AU, the timeline in the fourth book had to be shifted to accommodate the question. Yule Ball Potter! Weasley! Will you pay attention? " It was the end of the lesson and no one was interested in listening to Professors anymore. It was two days after the last Task. Neville had thankfully been a lifesaver in supplying Harry gillyweed since it had taken Harry getting a hint from Cedric three days before the task to figure out what the task even was. The task being just a month over the last one just didn't seem like enough time to recover, thankfully, the champions had been assured they would find out what the next task was at the beginning of January so they had a month to prepare. In the meantime, it was month until Christmas vacation, and between the task and the upcoming holidays, no one could pay attention to school work. To be fair, they had already transformed their guinea fowl into a guinea pig, with only Neville's still sprouting feathers. Their homework had been written down, now they were just waiting for that bell. But, of course, McGonagall would try to cram some last minute lesson or information until the last moment. Harry and Ron looked up from where they had been dueling with Fred and George's fake wands. "Now that Potter and Weasley have been kind enough to act their age," said Professor McGonagall. "And now I have something to say to you all. The Yule Ball is approaching—" Harry yawned and looked away. He probably would have to go to the ball. He wasn't sure he wanted to. Maybe it was because he was forced to as a Champion, but mostly he just wondered if it was something he'd want to be part of. None of the other schools had any students that he was interested in mixing with, and it had always been nice to have Hogwart's almost completely to himself, with only Ron or Hermione and very few others even in the Gryffindor dorm. The Professor said something about dress robes. Harry sighed. It sounded very stiff neck, the kind of thing that Uncle Vernon would have preened to take Aunt Petunia. Harry glanced around, all the girls looked excited. Perhaps it would be interesting. He could probably disappear or at least find his friends after the main part of the ball and all the silly ceremony had been done. Harry met Ron's eyes, and Ron smiled nervously at him before they both looked back at the Professor. Finally, the bell rang. Chairs scraped against the floor. Harry noticed that Professor McGonagall was blushing as she nervously played with the papers on her desk. Apparently she really wasn't looking forward to letting her hair down, or she expected the Gryffindors to do something embarrassing during the Ball. "Potter and Weasley—a word if you please." The two boys shared a look, and Hermione sent them a look over her shoulder that Harry was sure was her saying she thought they deserved whatever tongue lashing or punishment Professor McGonagall gave them. "Potter, the champions and their partners…" "What partners?" asked Harry. McGonagall frowned at him, like he was trying to pull something over on her. Harry glanced at Ron, but he looked just as lost as Harry. Maybe he hadn't really listening to what Professor McGonagall had been saying either. "Your partners for the Yule Time Ball, Mr. Weasely," said Professor McGonagall. This time when Harry glanced over at Ron, the other boy wasn't looking at him. Instead Ron was starting to turn the same color as his hair as he stared at the floor. "Oh, no, you two will be at the Yule, I know you are both are signed up to be here over the holidays, and Potter, you must have known you'd be expected to be there as a champion yourself. I will not have you two sneaking about the castle causing trouble or sneaking away into town." Harry and Ron stood there. While Harry had been hoping it wasn't mandatory for him, he hadn't even thought about leaving the castle. "Now, as I was saying, you will be expected, along with the other champions to open the ball with a dance," said Professor McGonagall. Harry felt his mouth drop. He had to dance? He had to dance with Ron? He looked over at Ron, who was still staring at the ground, and his face was turning redder than his hair. "I don't dance," said Harry without missing a beat. "Oh yes you do?" said Professor McGonagall. "It's tradition. You are a Hogwart's champion, and you will do what's expected of you as a representative of the school. Mr. Weasely can lead, I'm sure his mother made sure he knew at least the basic steps. She always had a good head on her shoulder." "Yes, ma'am," said Ron, actually saying something, though he still refused to look up from the floor. "But—I don't—" "You heard my Potter," said Professor McGonagall in a very final sort of way. Harry and Ron left the classroom, they had lunch and then a break for their third period. That meant they had plenty of time to just process. Like the fact that Ron was apparently his dancing partner. "Well, you two have detention?" asked Hermione, her arms crossed. Harr shook his head, but Ron just pushed past Hermione, practically running away. Hermione watched him leave before turning back to Harry in confusion. Harry found himself blushing hard. "What happened?" "Um, we have to dance the opener at the Yule Ball… together," Harry said, slowly, he walked past Hermione too. But he didn't run or walk fast, he just wanted an excuse not to look at her. Was this a wizard thing? Did guys usually dance with other guys when they were wizards? He was pretty sure muggles paired up girl and guy. It would have been nice to ask a girl to the dance. Cho sprang to mind immediately, making Harry blush. Cho would have been a great person to ask dance with him. Not that he would have been able to work up the courage. Then he heard Hermione groan. "And you two have refused to talk about the last task and what it means," Hermione said, being a little overdramatic Harry thought. Though he wasn't sure what Hermione was talking about. What hadn't they talked about? Was it that he hadn't just saved Ron and left the others to be saved by their champions? Was it that his precious person had been Ron? That was just because Ron was his best friend and Harry didn't have a girlfriend. Fleur's precious person had been her sister, and Harry really hoped they weren't dating. And then Harry shook his head because he really didn't want to think about that. "What do you mean?" he asked instead. Which just made Hermione groan and bump him with her shoulder. "You know exactly what I mean," she said with a roll of her eyes. "I mean, right after Ron and you start talking again, and he's dancing on his toes and you're constantly shooting him uncertain looks because you felt abandoned. He gets told you're his precious thing and you go and save him from mermen. It's like a soap opera." "It is not," said Harry reflexively. Because even if he wasn't allowed to watch TV, that didn't mean he hadn't been cleaning or had overheard his aunt talking about one of those shows with the neighbors she invited over and called friends. "And, of course, he's important to me, but…" Harry trailed off and he saw Hermione narrow her eyes at him. Then she sighed and shook her head and smiled at him. "Really, you should do research on the wizarding world Harry," Hermione chastised. Harry looked over at her in confusion. She smiled at him. "Ron's probably just freaked out because his family is usually so against the pure blood lifestyle." "Hermione, I have no idea what you're talking about," said Harry with a sigh. Hermione shook her head. "Pure bloods usually only have one or two children. Usually trying for a girl and a boy, but sometimes they didn't use the potion to make sure…" "Hermione, do I need to know this?" asked Harry. "This is so you know where Ron is coming from," Hermione said slowly. "Anyway, Ron is the last male in line to 'inherit' what his parents have. So he would have been encouraged to have a male lover instead of a female one." "Wouldn't purebloods want more children?" "And how many siblings does Malfoy have?" asked Hermione. Harry blushed. He might have assumed that since it seemed like from what little he knew, that the Malfoy's and other purebloods were a little inbred, and thus might not have had the ability to have more than one child. That, and he really didn't want to think about it. "So, he doesn't want to be my partner at the Yule Ball because it's a pureblood thing to have male… we wouldn't be lovers Hermione!" said Harry, blushing hard. Hermione rolled her eyes. "See, this is why I wish Professor McGonagall hadn't said anything. What with Ron and his hang ups with his family position, and you being raised by completely bigoted…" Hermione huffed, her face twisting in irritation. Harry looked at her in surprise. He'd never heard her so mad at her relatives, though there had been moments he'd seen her get annoyed at little things he'd said they said to him or about their feelings on people and magic in general. Or even their treatment of him. But to say something against a teacher? Usually they had to really offend her before she did something like that. Though she wasn't nearly as angry as she had been when she'd been taking Divination. "Ginny and I were talking about when we were going to give you a little push. Maybe after you two had sweated about picking out a girl to go with a while we were going to sort of hint you could go together," said Hermione. Harry glared at her, and she just smiled at him. Apparently, she was ready to shamelessly butt into his life, but that did seem like her. Harry sighed. "I've never seen a… poof—" Harry froze when Hermione hugged him. "Um, what did I say?" "Don't call yourself that," she said. Harry blushed. He knew it was offensive, or at least not something nice to say, but when that's the only word you heard used, he wasn't sure what you'd call someone who liked someone who was the same gender. Of course, anything said by Vernon, especially with that sneer should be considered less than flattering. "I like girls Hermione," said Harry with a sigh. Hermione gave him a look, and Harry blushed before glaring at her. "I like Cho." Hermione sighed. "I wish they had a sex ed class." At least when she said that, she turned as red as Harry had. "But I did find some interesting books on it, and it is really goes into the wizard perspective too, so it would probably be perfect for you to read." "So, Krum must have asked you to the ball already," said Harry, cutting her off. Hermione glared at him, as if to say she knew what he was trying to do, then she sighed. "No, I keep seeing him in the library, like we saw him before, but now whenever I see him, he blushes and practically runs away," said Hermione. She glared at the ground and kicked her foot on the next step. "Boys are stupid.