Chapter 1 Sirius Black lounged back in his chair and placed two cards on the table. "Two, please," he said to the dealer. He had been winning all night, not even bothering to use magic. The dealer studied him, trying to get a read on him, but Sirius' face remained impassive. Inwardly, he smiled. He was really enjoying hanging out with these muggles. When James had suggested it as a way to hide from Voldemort, he had resisted, protested even. But he had to admit he found it quite fun. These blokes were rather a seedy lot, but his landlady was a kindly old bird, and the girl he had been dating was absolutely lovely. Suddenly, he felt a prickling on his skin, and the hair on the back of his neck was standing straight up. He felt a twisting in his gut. He wasn't sure of the source of the BAD FEELING, but to be sure, he felt he should check on Lily and James. He folded, excused himself from the rest of the game, picked up his winnings, and left. When he apparated behind the Potters' house in Godric's Hollow, he immediately knew that his worry wasn't just paranoia. He rushed through the back door and into the house. "James!" he called out, "Lily!" No answer. He stopped, and felt frozen in place. His breath came in ragged gasps, much more from fear than from the short run to the house. A baby's cry broke the still, eery quiet in the normally bustling household. "Harry," he said, and he rushed up the back steps to Harry's room. Harry continued to cry, and Sirius tried to keep himself from wondering why Lily or James hadn't picked him up and comforted him. When he reached the doorway to Harry's room, the sight that met him confirmed his unthought fear. Lily Potter lay lifeless in front of the crib. The room was dark save for the illumination from Harry's little wand night light. Sirius knelt by her side and felt for a pulse. Nothing. His stomach churned, and tears sprang to his eyes. If Lily was dead, that meant that James… Harry had continued to cry, and now he was trying to say Sirius' name, which he hadn't quite mastered yet. Sirius stood and scooped up the small boy. He whispered comforting sounds and took the boy from the room. He had to get Harry out of here. The boy had obviously witnessed the death of his mother, and the danger might not yet be over. He had to find James, but if James was… His limbs went weak, and he nearly dropped Harry. He walked into the hallway and turned on a light. Harry had quieted some, and Sirius looked into the little boy's face. What the hell is that? There was a zigzag wound on Harry's forehead and a trail of blood seeping from it. Sirius went to the bathroom, cleaned the wound, and healed it with a charm. Or tried to, at least. The bleeding stopped, and the wound had sealed up, but the zigzag shape remained on the boy's head. He heard someone coming up the stairs, and he turned so that Harry was shielded by his body and aimed his wand in the direction of the noise. "James?!" he called out, his voice breaking with grief. "Sorry, no," a familiar voice said. The thin form and greasy hair was the last thing that James had expected to see. "Snivellus?" "Really, Sirius, now is not the time for childish names. Where is Lily?" "She's, she's—. Snivellus, did you do this? Did you kill her?" Sirius had never seen an expression of pain and grief on Severus Snape's face before. In fact, he would have thought him incapable of such emotion. Snape turned from Sirius and began looking in the rooms. When he found her, his wail of grief was so raw that Sirius knew that Snape had nothing to do with her death. He stood in the doorway of Harry's room and looked in to see Snape on the floor with Lily's head in his lap. Tears flowed down his sallow cheeks and he continued to wail. "He said he would keep her safe! He promised! He promised!" Snape sounded like a child railing at an injustice. And, of course, it was an injustice. "Snape, we've got to get out of here. I've got to find James! I've got to keep Harry safe!" "He's dead! His body is in the living room! How is the boy alive?" Snape's words hung between them, and Sirius could not process what he said. It felt like a nightmare, two of his best friends killed, and Harry, poor Harry, with hardly a mark on him. What could have killed them but left Harry alive? "You were the secret-keeper! You did this!" Snape yelled accusingly. "It was Peter." The guilt washed over Sirius as he realized what had happened. He had convinced Lily and James to make Peter secret-keeper, since everyone would assume they would pick Sirius. It was all his fault. If he had been secret-keeper, Lily and James would still be alive. A cry from downstairs broke through his remorse. Remus! He ran downstairs, still shielding Harry. He did not want Harry to see. Harry shouldn't have to see this. Remus was bent over a body lying in the living room floor. He reacted quickly to the sound of Sirius' footsteps on the stairs, and he shot off a hex. Sirius dodged it and called Remus' name. "Remus, we have to get out of here! We have to get Harry somewhere safe!" "Harry's okay? And Lily, is Lily okay, too?" The hope in Remus' voice made Sirius begin crying again. He shook his head slowly. "She's dead, mate. Voldemort must have—Peter, oh, I am going to kill Peter." Rage unlike any Sirius had ever felt overtook the grief, and he felt strengthened by it. "Not now, Sirius," Remus said. "Later, yes, but for now, we have to get Harry somewhere safe." "We need to get to Hogwarts, to Dumbledore," Severus said as he descended the stairs. "Snape?" Remus' voice questioned. "We have no time to lose. We must get Harry to Albus. He'll know what to do." Snape led the way out the door, and Sirius and Remus followed. Out in the road, Snape took three deep breaths, then grasped hold of the other two men's wrists. He apparated them all to Hogsmeade. "Expecto Patronum!" Snape said, and a doe patronus pranced through the night to the castle. The three men began walking in the same direction as the doe. "Why were you at Lily and James' house tonight?" Remus asked. "I had a bad feeling, an awful feeling," Snape replied. "I did too!" Remus and Sirius said as one. "But why did you have a bad feeling? You hated James!" Remus didn't even try to hide the accusation in his voice. "But he loved Lily," Sirius said quietly. "Remember, they were friends once. You were in love with her, weren't you, Severus?" Sirius didn't think he had ever called Snape by his first name before, but after seeing him grieve Lily's death, he could no longer think of him as an enemy. Snape nodded as he buried his face in his hands. He seemed on the verge of collapse, and Remus put an arm around him to keep him upright. "Come on, man," Remus said. "We have to get to Dumbledore." Snape had regained control of himself by the time they reached the headmaster's office. "Licorice wand," he said offhandedly, and the door to the revolving staircase opened. The three men stepped on. Dumbledore stood up from his desk as they entered his office. If he was surprised to see Snape with Remus, Sirius, and Harry, he did not show it. "Tell me," he said simply. There were a few moments of silence, then Sirius began, "I had an awful feeling that something was terribly wrong-" "So did I." Remus and Snape interrupted him together. They looked at each other for a moment, then turned back to Sirius. "When I got to Godric's Hollow, I found Lily. She was lying in front of Harry's crib. Harry was crying. He has a wound. It wouldn't heal properly. And then Snape showed up. He said James was dead. And then Remus showed up." Sirius realized he sounded like an idiot, but his thoughts were just as choppy as his speech. "How could Harry have survived?" Remus asked Dumbledore. "I have an idea how it could have occurred, but I need to be sure." He turned to Snape. "Severus, I know you must be shattered by what has transpired tonight, but I must ask you to look inside Harry's mind to see tonight's events. Are you up to it?" "No bloody way," Sirius yelled as he held Harry tighter to himself. Harry woke up and began to whimper. "Sirius," Dumbledore said calmly, "I understand your reluctance, but Severus is the most skilled Legilimens I have ever seen. Harry will be quite safe, I assure you." "I would never do anything to harm Lily Evans' son." Snape said simply. Lily POTTER, Sirius almost corrected him, but he stopped himself. Now was not the time to antagonize the man. "So, I ask again, are you up to the task?" Dumbledore asked. "I will need a few moments, but yes. I understand the importance. Please try to make sure the boy is awake and calm." Snape sat in one of the armchairs opposite Dumbledore's desk, closed his eyes, and began taking deep breaths. Sirius hummed a little and danced Harry around a bit. After ten minutes or so, Severus opened his eyes and said, "Sit here, with the child on your knee. I need to maintain eye contact in order for this to work." Sirius did as Snape instructed. Harry reached out and grabbed at Snape's hair. Snape caught the child's hands in his own. "I will need silence." He stared into the boy's eyes. Carefully, slowly, calmly, Severus moved through Harry's mind. Images of the boy's room, of his parents, floated past. He saw James and Lily smiling at Harry, Lily feeding Harry, James making sparks appear out of his wand for the boy's amusement. He went further into the child's mind. A memory shuddered a bit, and Severus directed himself nearer. He breathed deeply and evenly. Harry was being carried up the stairs. Lily smiled at him and sang a lullaby as she took him to bed. Suddenly a voice cried out, "Lily, he's here, take Harry and run. I'll hold him off!" The panic in his father's voice and the horrorstruck expression on his mother's face made the child afraid. Lily moved more quickly up the stairs. She ran into Harry's bedroom and locked the door. A crash came from below. Then there were footsteps coming up the stairs, not hurrying but moving deliberately. Lily placed the child in his crib and stood in front of it. She didn't have a wand. The door opened, and the Dark Lord said, "Step aside, silly girl!" Lily cried, "No, not Harry! Kill me instead!" There was a flash of green light, and Lily fell. The Dark Lord raised his wand again, and there was another flash of green light. The baby cried out as something struck his forehead. The Dark Lord fell. Severus stilled himself, and waited for what came next. The child continued to cry for what seemed like a very long time, then there were more footsteps. Pettigrew appeared, and the child recognized him. "Pe-er," the boy said, happy to see him. Peter did not look at the child, but turned his attention to the lifeless body of Lord Voldemort. He placed a hand on the body and vanished. Severus had to struggle to control himself, but control himself he did. He would not risk injury to the child's developing mind. He