A/N; This is my first Fanfiction so be nice. I'm fine with constructive criticism though. I hope you like it. This is note for just a few Disclaimers and Warnings. Twilight is NOT mine it belongs to Stephanie Myers. There WILL be Slash and Fem-Slash in this. The Pairings of this story will be; Bella and Rosalie, Alice and Jasper, Emmet and Edward, Esmé and Carlisle, Jacob and Leah, OC and Aro, and Seth and OC. Additional Information; Bella is OOC. Bella and Jasper will be very close (Best Friends), along with Drake. Bella's P.O.V./ I stared out of my bedroom window with sadness barely hidden in my eyes. I still couldn't believe I had to leave. Leave, the only home I ever really had. I knew it was for my own protection, but that didn't make it hurt any less. I had to leave my adoptive mother and father, to go to one of their most trusted friend. Charlie she believed the man's name was. I had never met him before but my mother assured me, he deserved their trust. I had only nodded still being upset about being forced to leave. Of course, I knew why, and I knew I was being petty. But, I didn't care I was angry towards my parents, towards the Incident, but mostly towards myself for letting it happen. I shook myself out of my thoughts when I heard a soft knock on my bedroom door. "Come in." I said softly, not turning from my spot by the window, but knowing it was my mother. "Are you alright sweetheart?" My mother's soft voice floated through the silence. I glanced at her and saw worry in her beautiful ice blue eyes. I had always believed my mother was the most beautiful person in the world, and I still believed it. She had long golden hair like liquid sunlight. Beautiful porcelain colored skin that was unblemished. She had high cheekbones and perfect full lips the color of red roses. Long thick dark lashes framed beautiful ice blue eyes that had streaks of Amber and sometimes Blood Red in them. She was tall but slender, and walked with grace. I had always thought the ground was made just for her because she always seemed to glide across it. "I'm fine mother." I replied with a small smile, but that didn't seem to sedate her. Because she moved forward and sat on the edge of my bed. "Are you sure you are alright Isabelle? And, please don't lie to me, by telling me you're fine. Because, I know you're not. I know you're having nightmares. And, I know we're not on the best of terms right now, but please I'm still your mother. Let me help you." My mother said with a pleading look in her eyes. But, I simply looked away. I heard her sigh and I had to fight down the guilt that seemed to want to overwhelm me. I heard her get up and head towards the door, so I was shocked to hear her voice. "I just want what's best for you Isabelle. The car will be here shortly to pick you up." And, with that I heard the door close softly. I closed my eyes as sadness overwhelmed me. I still couldn't believe that I had to leave, but it was becoming a reality that I had to face. I sighed and glanced out the window again and saw that the Sun was just reaching the horizon on its daily descent. I stood up and moved through my room, that seemed unnaturally empty to me. I glanced at the walls with so many pictures that I couldn't take with me. One was of my father and I sitting in his study. He looked so happy with his long raven black hair that almost fell to his shoulders. His red eyes shining with laughter, his thin lips pulled in to a smirk. I sighed softly at the memory of that day. It was one of his lazy days away from his busy job. I continued on walking through the hallways quickly. I reached the grand foyer and saw that the front doors were open. I quickly grabbed my suitcases by the door and exited. I saw the beautiful SUV with its black body shimmering in the setting sun's light. I knew I couldn't look back so I just kept walking. Knowing that if I did I would break down. I opened the back door of the SUV and put my suitcases and backpack in, before slamming the door shut. I quickly moved to the passenger side of the car, and got in. I saw my parents exiting the manor with my best friend Drake. He was pretty much the only good thing about going to live with Charlie. At least I would have my best friend with me. I felt the car sway slightly as a added weight moved onto it. But, I just kept my face forward keeping it emotionless. I felt the car rumble to life, and I quickly glanced at my home for the last time. I saw my mother and father standing by the door. They had smiles on their faces, but I could see the sadness in their eyes. I averted my gaze to look at the dashboard of the SUV. I finally looked up again when we passed the gates of the manor. Out of the corner of my eye I could see Drake looking at me with concern. I raised a eyebrow at him which got him to talk. "Are you sure you're alright Bella?" He asked with worry in his tone. I sighed knowing where this conversation was heading. "Drake, you know what happened wasn't your fault right?" I said staring at him with a unreadable look in my eyes. But, he just averted his gaze back to the road. I again sighed, running my hand through my hair. "Drake it wasn't your fault alright. So, I want you to stop blaming yourself for what happened." I continued staring at him. I saw him nod his head slightly which made me smile. "So where exactly does Charlie live?" I asked hoping to lighten the mood. I saw Drake grimace slightly which caused me to frown. "He... He lives in Forks." He said which again made me frown. "Where's Forks because I have never heard of it. Is it in France or something?" I asked the frown still in place. "No, no Bella it's not in France. It's actually in Washington." Drake replied glancing at me with a frightful expression on his face. I slowly felt the realization of where we were going fill my body. "As in Washington, America?" I asked hoping for a negative answer, but all I got was a nod. I closed my eyes as anger and sadness overwhelmed my body. I knew I was going to be far from my family, but I didn't know I would be on the other side of the world. I leaned my head against the window letting the cool glass soothe me. I could still feel the anger bubbling inside of my body, but I pushed it down the best I could. I opened my eyes and stared at the passing landscape. I could tell Drake wanted to talk, but I knew he knew I didn't want talk. At least not right now. The only upside of this trip was that I could brood in my thoughts. But, I wasn't looking forward to the long plane rides. I learned that Forks is in the Olympic Peninsula of northwest Washington State. It's a small town that exists under a near-constant cover of clouds. It rains on this inconsequential town more than any other place in the United States of America. We took off from Rome on a flight that was headed to Phoenix Arizona. The flight was long and boring taking about 13 hours. It didn't help that I was behind a couple that wouldn't stop fighting, and in front of a baby that wouldn't stop crying. Let's just say I got many dirty looks after the flight, when I decided to voice my annoyance. Drake had been laughing the whole time as we got onto another flight that would take us to Seattle. I simply ignored him, and stared out the window. The flight to Seattle was bearable even though a little boy kept kicking the back of my seat. It took us four hours to get to Seattle, but then we realized we had to take another much smaller plane to Port Angeles. Which took about an hour or two to arrive due to some heavy winds. But, luckily we arrived intact, but slightly disgruntled. I knew Charlie would be waiting somewhere in the parking lot so I headed there. Drake following close behind. I stepped off the plane and was immediately assaulted by a light drizzle. The skies were a dark grey the Sun was hidden behind the heavy forecast. I looked around the deserted lot, and saw him leaning against a police cruiser. I slowly started to walk towards him, examining the man I would now have to live with for the foreseeable future. He had short black hair that was graying at the temples slightly. His dark brown eyes were calculating but not cold. He was about 5'8 or 9, he was wearing a police uniform. I knew I could probably get to like this man. I stopped a couple of feet in front of him. He smiled slightly and opened the trunk for us. I quickly put my things in it, while Drake put his things in the back seat. I saw that Drake was sitting in the back with his things. So I calmly walked over to the passenger side of the police cruiser and got in. Charlie who had been waiting in the car, immediately started it up. It was silent for a few minutes the only sound was the tires hitting some loose rocks. And, the tree branches shifting in the wind. "So do you know your covers?" Charlie's voice cut in through the silence. I just nodded my head, how could I not know it. Drake had been drilling it into my head on who I "was". I was going to be posing as Charlie's daughter. Isabella Marie Swan daughter of the Chief of Police. The story we went with was that I had moved to Forks from Phoenix when my mother got married to a baseball player. While Drake was my cousin who moved with me because his mother died a few weeks ago and his father had abandoned him. I knew are story wasn't that amazing but it was the best we could come up with. I glanced at Charlie and saw him staring at the road. Sighing slightly I turned to stare back out the window. After about an hour of driving we finally reached Forks. It was beautiful, of course; I couldn't deny that. Everything was green: the trees, their trunks covered with moss, their branches hanging with a canopy of it, the ground covered with ferns. Even the air filtered down greenly through the leaves. It was too green – an alien planet. I sighed I was use to the the beautiful villas and lakes that Italy brought, but I knew I had to get use to Forks. "So I bought you two a car, so you wouldn't have to ride around in the cruiser." Charlie said which pulled me out of my thoughts. I smiled slightly at him. "Thanks Charlie you didn't have to do that." Drake said from the back. "Yes thank you." I said with a small smile. He smiled back and turned his gaze back to the road. We soon reached his house, and I looked at the new home I would be living in. There was wrought iron fence surrounding the house, and hedges were behind