A/N: Hey guys, this will be a short femHarry Severitus story (three-four chapters). I've had this idea in mind for a while and finally got down to writing it. It's currently still in draft form, so apologies for any mistakes, but I really wanted to share. I will come back to edit at a later stage. Obviously, everything belongs to the amazing J. K. Rowling. I'm just playing with her toys. Warning: mention of self-harm and substance use/abuse. I hope you enjoy reading it and please review! Merope :) My Friend Myrtle Chapter One First-floor girls' lavatory, Hogwarts Castle, Scotland, Great Britain. 12:45 am, Thursday, September 5 th, 1996. The ventilation grilles set in the stone floor remind Harriet of her cupboard and the years spent watching the Dursleys through the small grate in the door. Birthday parties, dinners, Christmas mornings—all spent on her knees with her nose stuck to the tiny door, her eyes drinking in the details: the ribbons on Dudley's presents, Aunt Petunia's apple pies, the TV in the corner, the film nights, the sugary snacks. Sometimes, if she closed her eyes and focused really, really hard, one of the sweets would inconspicuously float out of her cousin's oversized bowl and levitate itself towards her cupboard. And that was even before she knew she was a witch. She kept the wrappers like trophies, hidden underneath the broken mattress that was her bed. It didn't last long, of course, this disgusting show of freakiness, and once they noticed, Uncle Vernon covered the grate in the door with a thick block of wood and that was that. She doesn't exactly remember the lecture, but the darkness that came afterwards…well that she remembers with astute clarity. It was a darkness that only made her nightmares brighter. Stretching her legs on the floor, Harriet leans her head against the wooden door of the toilet cubicle and closes her eyes. For a moment, the silence in her mind is almost soothing, but then it happens again, that fitful drop in her stomach, the breathlessness, the irrational feeling of imminent danger. She is drowning in her own life as spasmodic memories fill her mind and emotions entangle like twines around her neck, making it hard to breathe, hard to see, hard to be . But she is . And she is reminded of her earthly presence each morning when tired green eyes stare back at her from the mirror; shoulders slouch each day more with this weight of being , of being anchored in a world she is slowly starting to hate. A world in which he stopped being cannot be right. She should not be where he is not. Ignoring the way her hands shake, Harriet places a cigarette in between her lips and lights it with the tip of her wand. The action is less awkward than the night before, less childish as if living through another day has visibly aged her. She breaths in and the bitter, burning sensation curls throughout her lungs and throat, ripping its way to her head until she finally lets it out in a grey cloud. As it undulates through the air, the smoke takes on the features of those who died because of her: Mum, Dad, Cedric, Sirius…their faces blur, distort, mix together and then finally morph into that of their murderer. Voldemort. The name itself is enough to make her blood cold and she can't quite forget the way it felt to have him inside her head. It was as if her magical core was on fire, sending shots of burning pain through her body, making her eyes water. Her sternum felt like it had been cut out of her chest, allowing her ribs to poke inwardly through her lungs, making every breath a struggle. But she did breathe, painful as it was, she breathed through his jeering words and his cold laughter and somehow thinking of the love she felt for her friends was enough to make him stop. Because there was nothing he despised quite as much as love. You're a fool, Harriet Potter. And you will lose everything, he promised before disapparating from the Ministry, leaving her sprawled on the floor in a pile of sand, wishing she were already dead. Harriet puts the half-finished cigarette out on the floor with more force than absolutely necessary, ignoring the way her fingers shake as they press the bud into the stone. She is tired, her body is asking for sleep, but she must deprive herself of this until the point of exhaustion. Because if she is not tired enough she dreams, and if she dreams she kills him. Every night she pushes him through the veil, every night she wakes the entire dorm with her screams. Every night she takes her Potions scalpel to the bathroom, or an abandoned classroom, or the Astronomy Tower, and draws symmetrical red lines on her arms. Punishment. A longing for atonement. The forgiveness of a dead man. In the hours immediately following her return from the Department of Mysteries, Harriet spent three hours in the shower. The stench of death was embroiled deep within her bones and she couldn't stand it. She could even smell it on the bristly soap she used to scrub her body raw. She can still smell it. Sometimes she thinks that it is coming from within her, as her insides are slowly rotting, corroding everything around them, infesting those close to her with the promise of certain death only because they have the misfortune of knowing her. There wasn't even a body to bury. Nothing left of him. Almost as if he never even existed. Sirius. Even thinking of his name makes the knot in her stomach twist like a pretzel. But she can't quite stop herself. He had changed her world, coming into it the way he did, at a time when all she wanted was a father figure. With his grizzled locks and dated jokes, there remained a certain charm about him despite the twelve years he spent in Azkaban. He was thin and he was tired, but in the short time they had together, Harriet never failed to see just how alive he was. The desire to live was so deeply buried within him that it shone through his bad teeth, his overindulgence in Firewhiskey, his propensity to act rashly, to go knee deep into treacherous waters. Nothing mattered and yet everything did matter because he was free. Sirius understood the paradoxes of her existence. He did not find it odd that even though she hated small, narrow spaces, she sometimes missed her cupboard and the musty smell of old bed sheets. He too had learnt to find comfort in his imprisonment. He couldn't sleep in beds anymore, he had said. He preferred the hard surface of the floor. His showers cold, his food sweet. They ate more chocolate over the Christmas holiday than she ever did before. He never questioned her reticence to speak of her family, but the look in his eyes was knowing enough. And then one frosty morning during the Christmas break, as Harriet came downstairs for breakfast, he had promised the very thing that she had always yearned for. What would you say, pup, if I were to ask Dumbledore to let you live with me instead of the Dursleys? He never did get the chance to speak to the Headmaster, Harriet muses as she takes another puff of her cigarette, closing her eyes against the bitter taste in her mouth. Yet for all his wise words, for all his promises and stories, Sirius never quite became the father figure she longed for. It became clear after a while, abundantly clear in fact, that he was stuck in the past, that Azkaban hadn't aged him but preserved him. He wanted to pick up the pieces and continue living from the precise point where his life was interrupted. Sirius Black was, for all extents and purposes, an embittered twenty-one-year-old. It was only natural then that the confusion itself became confusing. And the more they laughed together, the more they spoke of Quidditch, bonded over Exploding Snap, the more Harriet came to realize that her eyes took in too many details; the way his hair hung on his shoulders, the playful glint in his eyes when reminiscing about something, the sheepish smile when he swore in front of her. It annoyed her, the way her heart fluttered when she saw him, the way her face erupted in a fierce blush when he kissed the top of her forehead. Because he had tried to be paternal, to be a mentor. She could see it in his gait, the struggle to act his age, to be responsible, to make up for lost time. To be there. But it was awkward. It didn't come naturally and for all his good intentions, Harriet was relieved when he stopped trying so hard. Yet the conflicting thoughts still didn't go away. She shouldn't have felt like that, he was supposed to be a parental figure, not a crush. It was wrong, yet it wasn't enough to stop her imagining his face each time she took a shower, each time her hands timidly felt her rapidly changing body. He would have been the same age as her father, had James been alive. But he was dead. They were both dead. Dead because of her. So it really didn't matter that she had had a crush on Sirius. Nothing really mattered anymore. "What are you thinking about?" The voice startles her because she hasn't felt the customary drop in temperature associated with the apparition of a ghost. And yet there she is, half emerged from the adjacent toilet basin, her head resting on her translucent hands, watching her with the intensity of a deranged stalker. "Nothing." "Doesn't look like nothing to me. Is that a cigarette?" "Go away, Myrtle!" Harriet snaps, her eyes pointing in aversion at the transparent, pig-tailed apparition. " You go away! This is my bathroom!" Myrtle wails, plunging from the toilet with a ferocious splash of water and stopping inches away from Harriet's face. "Or does that not matter to you? Of course, it doesn't matter! Why should Myrtle Warren need a bathroom in the first place? She's already dead! Let's all go ruin her peace and quiet!" "You're the one wailing like a bloody Mandrake!" Harriet exclaims as she stands abruptly and snatches her bag off the bathroom floor. "I am DEAD!" Myrtle suddenly shouts. "I am allowed to lament my lack of substance! You don't realise how lucky you are—being able to eat and drink and sleep! All I do is float and even then people laugh and throw things at me!" Without further notice, Myrtle erupts in a flood of tears and loud bawling that makes Harriet wince. "I'll leave you to it, Myrtle," she says quickly, clutching her bag and heading towards the bathroom exit. "Don't you dare walk out that door, Harriet!" Myrtle exclaims, rapidly floating towards Harriet and placing herself between the bespectacled girl and the exit, successfully managing to halt her escape. "I thought you wanted your space," Harriet says, managing, with a huge force of will, to not roll her eyes. Just walk through her, just walk through her, just walk through her. The chilling, tingling feeling never lasted more than a few hours anyway. She could live with that. "What sort of friend are you? Leaving me in this state, not knowing what—" "I'm not your friend, Myrtle…" "—what I might do. I could kill myself! Have you no remorse?" "You're already dead, I'm sure you'll manage to get over it, whatever it is. Goodnight." "If you walk out of this bathroom I'll tell everyone that you cut your arms with you Potions scalpel." For a moment, Harriet can hear nothing but the sound of her own pounding heart; the blood is roaring so loud in her ears that