Chapter 1: "This is stupid! Have you read these rules Ness? They define everything from hair color to nail length and the amount of jewelry you can wear!" Renesmee smiled in her mirror at him as she applied her mascara. Jacob Black sat on her bed in his white button down collared shirt, khaki pants, plaid tie and brown dress shoes looking hot as ever. Of course, she couldn't tell him that but sometimes… lately… she'd wished she could. "You might as well take those bracelets off your wrist, Ness. 'Only one bracelet per wrist.' Oh, and your earrings can only be studs, no 'dangling earrings.'" Renesmee turned around in shock. "Seriously?" She stormed over and sat next to him on the bed, her skirt flaring up a little. Jacob caught the movement out of the corner of his eye and closed them immediately. How was he going to get through this private school thing? Not only did Nessie have to wear a skirt that was entirely too short and practically showed her panties every time she sat down, but she had to wear a tight, white shirt whose buttons strained against her newly developed breasts. Boys would be staring at her. How could they not? Every boy in this stupid school would be trying to get into his imprint's panties. "Daddy!" Renesmee shrieked and they heard Edward chuckle downstairs. "These rules are ridiculous! Our skirts have to be 'no more than six inches from the knee.'" "I agree with that one." Jacob muttered under his breath. Renesmee scoffed, standing up and going back to her vanity in an even worse mood. "What do you even care?" Renesmee muttered back. She knew better than to complain about the uniforms to her father. She'd asked to attend school with her parents, aunts and uncles and this was the school they were going to. She could deal with it, or she could not go at all. Either was fine with her parents, who wondered if she was even quite ready to deal with humans. She finished her make-up and traded her earrings out for the Tiffany diamond studs her father had given her for her eighth birthday, taking off all but one bracelet and throwing them back on her vanity. Sighing, she reached for the heels her Aunt Alice had set out for her on the floor next to her closet. When she stood with them hanging from her fingers and turned to Jacob, she saw he was grinding his teeth. "What's the matter?" She asked. He was hardly ever angry with her. Through clenched teeth, he replied, "Please don't bend over at school. That skirt barely covers your ass." She rolled her eyes and put her heels back on the floor by the bed, squatting instead of bending, and Jacob's teeth grinded again as the skirt flared out, showing even more of her pale thighs. "Stop worrying about me Jake. The skirt's fine." He held out his hand for her and she took it, balancing so she could put her heels on. "It's my job to worry about you Ness. You're my imprint, remember?" She smiled as he stood, wrapping her arms around his neck and standing on her tip toes. Even with heels on, he was a great deal taller than she. "I know Jake. I love you." He sighed and wrapped his arms around her waist tightly, closing his eyes. "You too, Ness, but if any of these private school jocks even think about getting in your panties, your father, uncles and I are going to kick their asses." Ness smiled and pulled away from him. Their embraces and 'I love you's had started seeming more awkward than she liked. "Come on. Mom will kill me if I don't eat before we leave." Jacob grabbed their blazers off the bed and held hers open for her before putting his on, grabbing their book bags and throwing them over one shoulder as she started down the stairs. Jacob sighed. "Here goes nothing." Renesmee nearly burst out laughing when she saw her aunts, uncles and parents. Rosalie's skirt was noticeably shorter than the requirements, and she'd moved her wedding ring over to her right hand, refusing to take it off. Emmett's blazer was about to burst at the seams and Esme was promising him she'd fix it tonight. Alice was sitting in the corner with her arms crossed, pouting angrily because she couldn't tell how their day would go due to Jacob and Renesmee attending. She'd chosen to wear tights with her uniform. Jasper stood next to her, smirking down at her with his blazer thrown over his shoulder. He reached out and rubbed her back. Bella was still cooking her breakfast, wearing flats instead of heels, and Edward was staring down at her skirt angrily. Nessie rolled her eyes. What was it with him and Jake? Uncle Emmett and Uncle Jasper weren't freaking out about their wives' skirts! Her father's eyes cut over to her with an intense stare. She knew he appreciated her skirt about as much as Jake did. With a huff and crossed arms, Renesmee made her way over to the table and sat down, Jacob sitting next to her. "Okay, let's go over the story again." Her mother said, taking a few pieces of French toast off the stove and placing them on a plate next to her. "You're Isabella 'Bella' Masen and I'm Renesmee 'Nessie' Masen. We're sisters and Esme's nieces. Our house burnt down in a fire, killing both of our parents. We moved in when we were 13 and 15. Dad is Edward Cullen, Uncle Emmett is Emmett Cullen and Aunt Alice is Alice Cullen. They're siblings who were about to be put in separate homes before Grandma (who we have to call Mom) and Grandpa (Dad) found them and adopted them together. It is unknown what happened to their parents as the three siblings were found alone in their home when they were toddlers. Aunt Rosalie and Uncle Jasper are twins. Their parents were meth heads who abused them. Jacob Black is the son of Grandma's best friend who died in a car crash. He calls them Uncle Carlisle and Aunt Esme. Grandpa is a doctor and Grandma is an online college professor. Did I get everything?" "Watch your tone." Her father warned and Renesmee looked to Jacob and rolled her eyes as her mother set their plates in front of them. "Thanks Mom." Ness replied. "Yeah, hanks Bewa." Jacob said through a mouth full of food. Everyone grimaced. "What cars are we taking?" Renesmee asked, curiously. Edward cocked an eyebrow at her. "You, Jacob, your mother and I are going in the Ashton Martin, and Rosalie, Emmett, Alice and Jasper are going in the Ferrari." Jacob was nearly drooling. "I thought we were trying to remain inconspicuous." Edward chuckled a bit. "We don't have to here. All the kids come from families with money." She nodded slightly and returned to my breakfast, thoughts of her first day of school ahead of her. As much as she wanted to go to school, she both hated and loved the fact that Jacob was going with them. She wanted Jacob with her every moment of the day, but she knew other girls would drool over him too, and just thinking about it made envy flood through her veins. Edward cleared his throat at her and she raised her head to look his way. His eyebrow rose with a smirk and she blushed. "Shut up Dad." She grumbled and he chuckled. "I wish you two would learn to communicate normally." Jacob replied. Nessie scoffed, standing with her plate. "Trust me, you don't." She replied. "You done?" Jacob nodded warily and she took his plate as well, rinsing them and placing them in the dishwasher. "Everyone ready?" Her father asked and everyone in the room filtered into the garage impatiently. "You alright Ness?" Jacob asked, throwing an arm around her shoulder. "Yeah." "Ness." He stopped her, standing in front of her with his hands on her shoulders, making her look him in the eye. "What is it? You can tell me anything, remember?" She stared at him for a few moments. How in the world could she ever possibly tell him about her the feelings brewing in her? She wanted him, as more than a friend. She wanted to kiss him and lie on his chest and hold his hand and keep him entirely to herself. How could she tell the man who'd been with her since she was a baby, that even though he was 25 and she was 8, that she desired him? She couldn't. Sighing, she replied, "Nothing you can fix, Jake. I promise." She smiled smally and hoped he'd be satisfied as she walked past him and into the garage with her family. Jacob joined her a few moments later in the back seat. "Seatbelt, Ness." He muttered, clicking his own into place. She sighed in irritation, but did the same and her father turned the key in the ignition. Both Jacob and Nessie stared out of their windows, staying silent throughout the whole ride. Finally tired of listening to his daughter's Jacob-filled mind, Edward cleared his throat again, "Let's go over the grades of our siblings and your schedule Renesmee." She stared at the back of her father's head irritably, rolling her eyes. "You, Jacob, Uncle Emmett, and Aunt Rosalie are Twelfth Years. Uncle Jasper and Mom are Eleventh Years. Aunt Alice and I are Tenth Years. I have Calculus first period with you, American History second period with Uncle Jasper, Tenth Year English third with Mom, Chemistry fourth with Aunt Rosalie, Lunch, Piano fifth with you, French II sixth with Aunt Alice and P.E. seventh with Uncle Emmett and Jacob. You couldn't have me better suffocated." Edward smirked, parking in the school's student parking lot and walking around to open both his wife's and his daughter's doors. "Don't take your teenage hormones out on me, Renesmee." "Does everyone know what's wrong with her but me?" Jacob asked exasperatedly, throwing his hands in the air, after grabbing Renesmee's bag off the floorboard by her seat. Bella smirked – a trait she'd picked up after living with Edward and Emmett for so long. "I have an inkling, Jasper most likely knows based off of her feelings, Edward definitely knows but hasn't told me. Other than that, everyone else is just as in the dark as you are. Renesmee's been like this for a few months now. Carlisle says it's normal teenage hormones, but I think it's something a little more… special than that." She replied, staring at her daughter. "I hate you all." Nessie replied, trying and failing to take her bag from Jacob, crossing her arms instead. The Ferrari pulled up in the parking spot next to them and her aunts and uncles got out. Nessie watched as her father put his arm around her mother's shoulders, Uncle Jasper grabbed Aunt Alice's hand, and Uncle Emmett wrapped his arm around Aunt Rosalie's waist while her aunt plunged her hand in her uncle's back pocket with a horrible loneliness in her heart. The rest of her family started making their way into the building and she watched as the other students stared. "Ready, Ness?" Jacob asked, his hands buried in his pockets. Nessie stood still. "I guess." Jacob took a deep breath as well, taking his hands out and holding open his arms. "C'mere." She fell into his chest and wrapped her arms around his waist tightly, clinging to the back of his blazer. One of his hands played with her hair as the other rested on the small of her back. He kissed her hair. "I don't know what's going on with you lately Ness, and it scares the shit out of me. I wish you'd tell me what it was so I could fix it. It's driving me insane." She