Never, ever did I, in my wildest dreams, believe I'd write up a Twilight story. I detest the films, love the books, and overall enjoy the ideas that came to be, but...this? For me to write this? Unthinkable, unfathomable. But it happened, and here you are, reading my travesty of a story. Yay. So, onto story news; Basically, Bella is one of the oldest shape shifters in existence, she's OOC as hell, and this story is a femslash one; interested? Good, then keep reading. This is the only A/N for the rest of this story, by the way. I don't own Twilight, 'cause if I did, Alice and Bella would be totally canon, and Bella would be a badass, cold ass bitch. Have fun. (^^^^^^) 545 AD Screams are the first thing I hear, flooding my senses from the outside world beyond my home's little wooden door with horror, pain, death. Getting up was a chore in and of itself; being the village's lead healer I had no choice but the run out and deal with the wounded forms limping around whatever village had decided to attack us next; Uncivil was one word for it. I had to drag myself to the small area made of wood and tied together twigs that was the 'restroom', as some had taken to calling it. A small bucket filled with murky water to my left, a shattered piece of reflective glass on my right, and in the middle was a wooden tub, air tight and sturdy, for when we need to heal a patient through what I call 'Water therapy': Quite self explanatory really; I use soothing hot water to ease a patient's stiffened joints and muscles, then while they dry off, introduce freezing cold waters to open the pours on the skin. I splash some of the bucket's water into my face; it stings my eyes momentarily, gathering salted tears standing at attention in my tear ducts, ready and waiting to be released. The smell of smoke fills my nose, and I just know this isn't a usual, every other week daytime attack. Well, for starters, it was night-time, around about midnight, to be fairly exact. I sprinted now awake to the door of my single roomed cottage, flinging it open so harshly that I heard a splinter erupt from the side. No matter; I glanced down at it noncommittally before looking upwards at the fires raging around, men and women screaming as other men and women ripped them apart limb by limb. This definitely was not what I had come to know as routine; even the other villages, as primitive as they were, would not dare sully the memory of these sacred grounds by defilation such as this. While unspoken, a general law was passed around throughout the villages, warring or allied; dismemberment, murder and pillaging were all frowned down on, but simple raids were allowed: Disgusting when you think about it. That's probably why I don't. I didn't even register the speed of which the man that had been tearing apart a young village girl moved towards me; so quick it was that I fell straight on my backside before he hoisted me upwards, holding me by my throat with something inhuman in his grip. My hands shot towards my attacker's face, clawing, hoping to get free. I could feel the wind leaving my lungs, the rush of air mixed with blood suddenly stopping. As my fist flew towards his nose, though, he flew, literally flew , backwards from me, releasing his grip. I fell to my feet, but something was off, something wrong, something different. My feet weren't large paws, pitch black and clawed. My body didn't have jet black fur smoothing down my sides. I most definitely was not a massive five foot panther with glowing yellow eyes and feline ears atop my head. And I most definitely was not about to rip this man's head from his shoulders. But I was when I saw who the man had killed, glancing downwards and freezing at the sight. Jenny. Her name was Jenny- or for her full name, Jennifer Margot; Half French. She was my best friend, someone I had confided to in my darker days, the times when I felt the world was too violent for me and trying to suffocate my already feeble will to live in it, the times when suicidal thoughts sounded pleasing to my addled brain. We were close, but the village elder had discovered, and kept quiet, much to my relief, that we were closer. Friendship meant little a month ago to us. We had decided to keep it a secret, to hide it as long as possible, lest the religious men and women of this sickening village burn us at stakes, accuse us as hedonist witches and dunk us in rivers or more of the...pathetic ways of seeing to God's wishes. I lost my maidenhood to her, the memory still vivid in my mind as we made love, the act itself feeling heavenly, as if God himself would approve if only He had felt it. When I was born, I was immediately made orphan; someone thought it funny to allow the wandering guards around our village to spend the night in the local inn; a tawdry little place with splinters and ragged beds with rough customers, ranging from travelling story tellers to old men with horrid pasts; very little meaning on the word 'inn'. Anyway, as the guards slumbered off one night, dousing their barely-existing troubles in ale and honey mead, some visitors paid my village a visit; well, my house, to be more exact. You know, the little cottage barely holding together that I live in? Yeah, that one; they knocked, entered and slit my mothers throat. No reason, no method, just drew a small dagger, one slice, and then walked away as if nothing had happened, as if I hadn't been forced to grow up on the streets until I showed an extraordinary talent for healing my wounds. The elder, Elijah- took his name from the Bible, and they call me a sinner?- happened upon me fixing my self up one dark night, tending my wounds with nothing but a cloth, some herbs and a bucket of water. Needles to say, he thought I was crazy. Well, that is until the cut began scabbing over two days later, and after a week, was simply a small patch of barely-there bruised skin that would disappear over time. He demanded to know what I was, thinking me some sort of witch; seriously, religion and witches? My village was the oddest. I showed him which plants did what, having learned through tedious trial and error- the errors still showed their ugly scars- and he became instantly impressed; he offered me a chance to work as a village healer- good food, a warm bed...my old home. Needless to say, I accepted. The village mothers hated me because I 'healed' their children of disease and lice and other sorts of disgusting manner, simply because they had been too inept in the art of healing to actually bother to look. One such child showed up on my doorstep, bleeding, heavily wounded, marks all over her; I began to suspect she was simply trying to see if I was as good as I say I am- of course I am- but one look into her fading eyes showed me what I needed to see. This girl was injured, and I helped her, as was my duty. The elder stood, tensed and alarmed, as he and the other villagers watched as I carefully wrapped damp cloth around the girl's exposed torso; I really did try to ignore the village boys whispering about how she and I would make excellent wives for them one day. I simply tended to my patient, as always with the same care a mother would give her crying child. As the cloth, damp and now stained with blood, began to suck out the red life liquid, I sprinkled salt on her wounds. She let it be known that it hurt, and I had done this many a time before. I knew exactly what she would do next. She screamed, loud and wailing, piercing my ears in a way never did I ever once think possible. She thrashed and sputtered, begging and pleading through sobs and tears, but I continued on; the elder was even tenser, and I considered allowing him to use the water tub; but I digress. She eventually calmed, and a measly three days later, when I peeled the wraps off of her unconscious torso, the elder was amazed as he saw the results; Nothing but bruises. It was then that she, the patient of mine, was assigned under strict watch- my watch, of course- and supervision. But obviously I cared a little too much, watched a little too much, and she fell for me and me, her. She made me smile, laugh, cry and giggle like a small girl with a wooden toy. She made me happy and sad and actually be able to feel emotions. She made me live . This man took that away from me, too quick, too fast, too unnecessary. It hurt, like daggers in my spine, or needles stabbing my heart. It hurt like a thousand rapiers drilling my torso, salt being slathered on my wounds and the repeat rinsing itself once more. It was...it hurt . I was angry, I was pissed, I was... hurt . Beyond measure was I hurt, the emotion of rage building, climbing. It scaled my body, hitting me in the heart with how cruel this man must be to kill an innocent girl. My blood boiled, and I charged. Not one of the invaders stood when I was finished, a flurry was all I was to them. blurs, after-images and low hisses and growls were the only things seen and heard as I lay waste to the intruders upon my home; but alas I was too late. My village, my people, were all dead, all burnt with the fires of murder and rampant destruction: Slaughtered like cattle, like pigs, like cows; Slaughtered in their own homes, with their children and wives. So I did what my heart told me to do, what I felt was right, what I knew was right. I ran. (^^^^^^) 1979 I run. It's what I'm good at; I was built for it, shaped for it, made for it. Most whine and cry about not being able to run when they're confined to their homes and cottages, lit by scarcely available torches hanging from walls and chandeliers. But I love it; a life without running for me would be hellish, nightmarish... ...Especially considering I would have died if I had not run. I don't even know how long I've been running, especially given the changes around me happening before my very eyes. I've been alive for so long, watched as people changed and shifted before me; the era evolved from daggers made of iron to those made of steel. Then from daggers to swords, swords to muskets, muskets to funny looking, smaller muskets- they seemed to be able to wield them in one hand- and then, finally, evolved past that completely with factories, moving metal cans containing a number of humans, and funny looking machines held in their hand as they...pressed their fingers into them repeatedly, or held them to their ears. I ran from that village, leaving everything behind all those years ago, and discovered a small pride, of which I now live; turns out I'm not the only shape shifter around here. Also turns out those people murdering villagers and hunting humans are Cold Ones; vampires. Now, while one may suggest to me that, after I told them my tragic tale, I go see someone to put a cannon to my face, I would agree; vampires though? It made perfect sense from the legends,