"Hermione..." Harry paused, hesitating for a moment before continuing. "You wouldn't know by any chance where Ginny gets those... birthday presents for me, would you?" his cheeks were a bright pink that started to spread to his neck. The Chosen One was trying to look anywhere but the eyes of his best friend, who had an amused expression on her face while she served breakfast. She thought it was peculiar that he was asking such a question at the dining table, at a time when all the residents of Grimmauld Place could witness the conversation, especially if he felt that embarrassed about it. "You mean the sex shop on Diagon Alley?" she replied nonchalantly. "You're looking for Wiseacre's Wizarding Equipment . You have to tell the desk clerk that you're looking for a wand polisher and he'll let you into the real shop. Ginny always goes there, even though it's more expensive than the back shop of Whizz Hard Books, and it has fewer options." She had to smile when the rest of the occupants of the house choked on their food, or their coffee at her answer. "Excuse me?" exclaimed Remus, who was trying to pass a reluctant piece of bacon that adhered to his throat after his initial shock. The expression on the werewolf's face was hilarious, he looked like a seagull that was trying to down a fish who refused to go down without a fight. She tried to maintain a straight face while answering but couldn't manage to completely suppress a smile. "Oh, don't look at me like that Remus. Every adult in the wizarding world knows that Wiseacre's Wizarding Equipment is a secret sex shop. Well, every adult in the wizarding world minus Harry apparently," she finished while rolling her eyes. "Dearest, darling Hermione, we know how the rest of the wizarding world knows about that," said the twin that was sitting beside Remus, whose previous bewildered expression had morphed first to suspicion, and then to interest. She identified him as Fred after he started talking."What we want to know is, how do you know about that?" he continued. "Or more importantly, how did you know about the back shop of Whizz Hard Books ?! Not even we knew about that!" George asked incredulously, turning to his twin to confirm that indeed they knew nothing about it. "Yeah! How did you know about that?" asked Fred indignantly. "Well, for starters Whizz Hard Books is the publisher of Quidditch through the ages and Hairy Snout, Human Heart , so..." she started while Ron made an exasperated hand gesture towards the sky, and Harry snorted, interrupting Hermione briefly. " So , it didn't take long after my first visit to the publisher to realise that they were almost broke. I noticed that people actually frequented it quite a lot for a publisher on the brink of bankruptcy. So, one day I ventured in and found that the back shop contained a number of interesting items and books that had nothing to do with literature, though quite... educational." she finished with a wicked smile. Hermione had changed considerably after the war. When she thought Harry had died something snapped inside her. A desperation to live and make the most of the time she had awoken inside her and even after the green eyed saviour moved and killed Voldemort, that determination had stayed with her. Harry had died and she could have died any moment during those years… and what had she to show for them? Nothing. Nothing other than good grades and a perfect record and a perfectly acceptable life by the norms of traditional standards. She had spent so long worrying about doing life correctly, properly, that she had been missing the most important part: living. Maybe those were gross generalisations and perhaps she was being unfair with herself and all she had gone through during the war but even so, all the living she had done was with the sole purpose of surviving, of keeping Harry alive. Now, a hunger had awoken inside of her. A fire was lit and it burnt still with alarming force and the witch was determined to live every day to the fullest somehow. Still dedicated, still craving knowledge and growth but with renewed purpose. Turning her mind back to the conversation at hand, she suddenly became aware of the fact that she was having this conversation with six adults, all of which she now realised, were men; six very attractive men. Remus, Sirius and the twins wouldn't let a comment like that go by. Even though Ron and Harry didn't really register that way for her, she could acknowledge that all of the present men were quite dashing and perhaps speaking openly about her sexual interests in the present company was asking for trouble. Perhaps it was even a tad dangerous, but considering how she had grown somewhat addicted to danger she decided to ignore the warning that was growing in her chest. "Then there is also the fact that I'm a grown sexual being that cares for interesting twists in life," she finished while standing up to wash her plate the muggle way on the sink. She shouldn't take such morbid pleasure in shocking the men, but she was quite tired as being perceived as the sexless, boring bookworm people generally presumed her to be. She could feel the tension building up behind her and couldn't help smiling to herself, but she didn't have a chance to fully acknowledge it because the floo flared green, letting two tall figures inside the house. When she turned around she found the smiling faces of the two eldest Weasley brothers approaching her in what seemed to be a very good mood. Bill now lived with Charlie in Romania, since he had divorced Fleur four years ago, and found a wonderful job near his reserve. The Romanians had found a cursed Castle that was rumoured to be Dracula's original home and had been hiring curse breakers all over the world. Since then they visited quite often, now that Bill forced Charlie once again into their social group and the Dragon tamer realised they didn't see Molly very often, he started loosening up and coming to London without the need of being threatened. "Morning, doll," Charlie greeted her with a kiss on top of the head and a light squish of the waist. "Good morning, Charlie," she replied with a smile while finishing the dishes. "Good day, sunshine." said Bill while turning her around and lifting her up, his hands right under her arse, enjoying her squeak as he kissed her cheek and let her down. "William Arthur Weasley! How many times have I told you I hate it when you do that!" she said in a stern voice. "I could think about a few times when you rather enjoyed it... Or some variation of it." he replied with a wolfish smile and a wink. She couldn't believe her ears. Her affair with Bill had been a rather unnoticed one, or at least it hadn't been acknowledged in front of his family members. After the divorce, he was devastated, and not quite ready to start dating. He ran into Hermione one day at the Ministry and invited her to lunch. He was amazed at the vast amounts of knowledge she harboured in that head of hers, and her in-depth understanding of so many subjects had him consulting her frequently on several of his cases. The little gatherings turned into a common occurrence, conversation flowing easily and naturally between them. It hadn't taken long for the older wizard to take a shine to her, and to start pursuing her without even noticing. Her relationship with Ron had just ended, and when Bill finally asked if she wanted to have dinner with him, she said she didn't want to make things awkward between him and his family. However, she hadn't said at any point that wasn't interested. He took it as a challenge, and ended up extending their lunches, longer and longer each time. He hadn't done such severe research work since his apprenticeship, but he had to find lines of inquiries that required long periods of time to be addressed properly. At some point, they started meeting on Sundays and from there he'd managed to date the witch in secret for a year and a half. In the end things hadn't quite worked out but they remained very close. Hermione just looked at him, eyes wide, a perfect "o" shaped by her lips, and completely silent after he outed their past relationship in front of all the occupants of the kitchen. "Oh, come on love, don't look at me like that. Everybody knew about us. The only one who thought it was a complete secret was you," he said, then proceeded to ignore her and serve himself some breakfast. She turned rather suddenly to address his brother. "Are you to tell me, Charlie Weasley, that you knew about this?" her voice grew a bit higher in pitch, but no one seemed to notice. "Well... Yeah, darlin' " he paused for a second, plate in hand, a spoon full of eggs and looked her in the eye. "I'd had my eye on you for weeks when I realised you were involved with Bill. Why do you think it took me so long to come after you?" he averted his gaze and proceeded to serve himself some bacon and continued speaking. "It was the day I found you and Bill in the kitchen that I knew I had to try if you ever broke up… Or stopped seeing each other that is," he finished when he saw the dark look that his older brother threw his way. Charlie moved behind her, his mouth next to her ear. 'I never did find out, though, how the hell did you manage that particular position. Not that I'm complaining mind you," he whispered into her ear with a cheeky grin. However, if their faces were anything to go by, everyone had heard Charlie's remark quite clearly. Ron suddenly stood up, very red and with a vein popping on his forehead. "You told me you thought of the Weasley's as family," he stated in a very dangerously low tone. "As brothers" Hermione just cleared her throat, never before been a situation like this, where the topic of discussion was her sex life and the sex shops she frequented. It was just too much scrutiny. Bill looked at her apologetically mouthing, " Sorry, I thought he knew" . "These things just happened Ron. I couldn't have foreseen that the twins would spike my pumping juice with lust potion, or that Bill and I would grow closer. I certainly never have imagined Charlie would be interested in me," she blurted out, panicked for a moment "I didn't spend as much time with them as I did with you and Harry, so I suppose it just wasn't the same with them," she finished in one breath. By the slight change in his face, Hermione realised that somehow she'd just made things worse. Ron then turned his head slowly to the twins, who were on each side of Remus. "You did WHAT ?" he started in the same deadly tone before finishing with a resounding scream. They squirmed a bit in their seats while Remus stood up quietly to wash his plate, having already finished his breakfast and not wanting to get caught in the crossfire. "We thought we were helping you!" replied Fred quickly. "We really thought that she'd be going straight to you, since you refused to ask her out and the tension was driving us mad! So we decided to give you a hand, or what we thought was getting you laid." he squirmed in his seat thinking that Remus was very smart and that he should follow his example. "But then she came to us all hot and bothered and we