She'd had a fight with Viktor that morning. Again. Lately, it was all they did, really. Well, one of two things. It was getting tiresome, the bad days far outweighing the good days and they both knew it. She had tried to be reasonable, told the Quidditch player that they shouldn't be together if the feelings weren't there anymore. She offered to return the ring. She suspected he had given it to her in hopes of fixing a relationship that had no more room to grow, like a plant that had outgrown its pot and started to wither. But the Bulgarian would have none of it; he thought himself a failure and their relationship could not pile onto the misfortunes that kept befalling him. He'd gotten injured the autumn of the year before during a game in France. A healer had given him a potion that gave him an allergic reaction and it all somehow concluded in irreparable tissue and nerve damage on his shoulder. He could no longer play Quidditch; his career was over. It was understandable that he was upset. His whole future had revolved around a Golden Snitch he could no longer pursue. However he was growing bitter with every passing day, going wild with resentment. Winning the lawsuit against the French healing centre had done nothing to appease him. He was rich beyond belief now, even more so than before, but money couldn't give him back what fate had taken away. " They stole my life and you stole my best years! You vant to leave me now that I'm no Quidditch star anymore?" Viktor's English had improved tenfold, but his accent was still very pronounced. He was half snarling at this point, looking more like a rabid dog than a man. " Excuse me?" She was not going to take this lying down. "I think you could accuse any woman except me of wanting you just for your Quidditch stardom. I hate Quidditch! I went to your games because it was important to you but I could have very well taken a book for all I care! I was always worried sick something would happen…" She realised her mistake too late, the words were already out. " And something did happen! I suppose you vere dying to say 'I told you so'! A perfect voman you are, alvays know everything. Except now that I am at my lowest you want to leave me? Is that how you take serious commitments?" He was starting to shout, which only served to fuel her anger. Even Minerva McGonagall had refrained from ever shouting at Hermione Granger. If her admired professor hadn't indulged with just cause, she wasn't going to allow any man to shout at her. " Get your shit together, Viktor!" she snapped. "You are alive and well, and while you can't play Quidditch any longer, the world is yours to do with what you will! You have the means to do anything else you feel like doing! You're letting bitterness eat away at you, it's not healthy." By the end of her short tirade her voice had subdued. She was worried about him. She wasn't in love with him anymore but she had loved him once and she still cared for him. " I don't want to do anything else! I want my life back!" He finally broke down, tears streaming down his face. " Love…" She went to hold him trying to give him some support, somehow. " But I'm no longer your love, am I?" His voice was so full of hostility that it almost hit her like a slap, stopping her in her tracks . " Viktor, what's happened to you?" She couldn't believe how things were unfolding. Watching the love of her life turn into this… acrid human being was appalling. She'd left the house shortly after that, promising she'd be back after work to pick up her things and move out. The former Seeker had yelled, cursed and broken a vase in his rage, accusing her of leaving because he wasn't famous anymore. She hadn't nor would she ever be in the mood for the spectacle. She approached Mila's tent, trying to think of an excuse for forgetting her own pain relieving potion and not bringing the spares she'd promised the day before. "Good morning, Mila! How's it going?" Hermione tried to inquire as cheerfully as she could. After shooting a single glance her way the healer asked "What's wrong? What happened?" The Bulgarian woman was the best healer in camp. Ever since Hermione had started working at the reserve, she and Mila had become fast friends. Mila had an innate ability to read her like very few could, and she also had a sharp eye that could see through all rough façades of most Tamers. Hermione sighed, knowing that there was no escaping the blond woman. Mila's piercing blue eyes may be the color of a frozen lake, high in the mountains, but far from being cold and indifferent, were filled with worry today. Those eyes could see right through her lies. "I think this is it. I told Viktor I'm moving out when I get back from work. We had a horrible row this morning and while that's not in itself unusual, I'm just exhausted. I think we've fought every day for the past six months for some reason or another. I don't think we can fix this." She looked back at her friend and couldn't help the sad smile that appeared on her face. "Despite everything, I just want to help him. I'm still worried about him." "It's understandable. You've been with him for three years, even if you don't love him anymore, you still care for him." Mila's voice was soothing, soft, understanding. The woman could go from chastising to empathetic in a millisecond. "I'm sorry I forgot the potions, but after everything this morning I left them in the kitchen and now I need a potion for my headache or I might finally murder Mitko." Her boss of five years had been the bane of her existence since she'd arrived, despite the fact that she had more than proven capable and a true asset to the Bulgarian reserve. Dimitar "Mitko" Georgiev seemed to hate her for no good reason other than the fact that she was a woman. According to his archaic views, only true men could become Tamers, and he resented her success in the field and proceeded to harass her every time she accomplished something. "You might do us all a favour if you do." The blond was looking through her cabinets for the pain relieving potion. "I've been thinking about moving back to England. I don't feel like I belong here anymore. I originally intended to stay just for my apprenticeship. Then things took off with Viktor, so I stayed." Mila handed her the tiny phial and she drank it in one swig. "Without him, it just makes sense for me to leave. I love my job but I hate the work environment in the reserve. I have nothing left here really." "Oh, it's lovely to see I mean so much to you," Mila said sarcastically. "Don't play daft, you know what I mean. I've never felt quite at home here, you being the only saving grace. I think it's time for me to reevaluate my options." The potion was starting to take effect, but her uneasiness remained. "Yeah, sure try to fix it now," the healer replied playfully. "You know, when word gets out that you're looking to relocate there's going to be a ruckus," she warned. "Bloody titles." Gryffindor princess, The Golden Girl… They called her by several others but she hated them all equally. She hated being the subject of news and gossip. Her only complaint from helping Harry had been the loss of her anonymity. She'd be lying if she said it hadn't played a part in her choice of career. While she loved dragons, she never expected to end up in a secluded reserve in the middle of nowhere. However, it gave her ample time for her research in potions and magical creatures. It provided the adrenaline rush she'd come to crave after the war and it was a hands-on job that allowed her to experience the somewhat fast results of her hard work. There was nothing quite like watching the development of a little hatchling into a fully grown dragon or to bring a youngling back to health. It also made it quite difficult for reporters to find their way into her tent and look around. Even the boldest of them cowered at the thought of sneaking up on a rogue dragon on the way. It allowed her to have a private life while staying true to all her aspirations. Staying out of the public eye was certainly a really big plus and to even further the difficulty of reaching her, she moved to Bulgaria for her apprenticeship. The Scotland reserve was a little too close to home and Hogwarts for her liking, after the war and her involvement in it. Hermione waited a full year to go collect her parents from Australia, not wanting to risk their safety. There were still a couple of escaped Death Eaters running about and she knew her family was a prime target for revenge. Percy had died pushing Fred out of the way of a falling wall and the loss had made them all particularly cautious when it came to their safety. However, when she finally made it there her parents were less than amused. The faith they had in their daughter was lost, and while they believed she had done what she thought best, they couldn't forgive the alteration of their memories. They couldn't trust their own perception of the world and without it, their notion of reality was forever corrupted. They informed her that they would be staying in Australia and that they would write when they were ready to see her. After three years she was still waiting. It had been extremely difficult to adapt to her new environment and she realised now that she had relied heavily on Viktor for support. Without her parents and her two best friends she'd focussed on work and while making major breakthroughs in her field , she felt a little too disconnected from her past life. Harry and Ron wrote but not often enough to constitute as regular correspondence. It had always been difficult for them to write back. Molly and Ginny Weasley were her main sources of news from home and she found she missed them terribly. "So you're thinking Scotland?" Mila asked, startling her out of her thoughts. "Yes, I miss my family too much." The healer knew by now that she meant her friends and the Weasleys. "Don't you think reporters will be flocking around in no time, that close to home?" She said while reorganising the potions and bandages for the day. "Probably. I'm not thrilled about that but I've nowhere else to go. I could apply to several other reserves but… I think I'd be just as lonely." It was a hard thing to say out loud, especially for Hermione, but Mila had a way of making people comfortable enough to tell them their most inner thoughts and feelings. "Mila! Mila! Did you hear?" A young man came bursting through the opening of the tent, breaking the moment. He was struggling to catch his breath, his brown eyes were lit with excitement, his slick black hair falling over his eyes, which told the two witches that no one was hurt or in danger. "They found him! The Romanians, they've found him!" Grog was flushed and out of breath but his smile was making his face come alive. "Calm down, take a breath," said the healer appeasingly. "What are you talking about, Grog?" asked Hermione. The young wizard in question was a new recruit, greener than