So basically, I finally managed to find a fanfiction depicting the characters of Kurinoone's universe reading her Harry Potter fanfiction, and it hasn't been updated in like FOREVER. So I decided to create my own. The following story involves characters reading The Darkness Within, a Harry Potter fanfiction created by Kurinoone, who was inspired by A Shattered Prophecy, written by Project Dark Overlord. Disclaimer: Everything recognisable belongs to the amazing J.K Rowling, except Damien, who belongs to Kurinoone. I am simply borrowing them. Everything in bold is Kurinoone's story. Enjoy! Sirius tugged Lily into the Room of Requirement, glancing behind him to make sure Damien, Hermione, Ron, Fred and George where following. They where, albeit with confused looks on their faces. Lily looked around the spacious room, filled with comfortable looking couches and a crackling fire. She noticed with ever increasing confusion the people standing around. James, Remus, Tonks, Alastor Moody, Severus, McGonagall, Kingsly, Arthur, Molly, Bill, Fleur, Charlie and Percy all smiled as she entered the room with Sirius and the kids. Well Moody didn't smile, but his grizzled expression did soften. James strode over to her, greeting Sirius with a clap on the shoulder and an, "alright Padfoot?" before turning and giving her a kiss. They broke apart as Damien made a disgusted noise. The doors suddenly opened again, and everyone watched as Dumbledore strode in, carrying a book. "Good evening. I'm sure you are all wondering why you are here." Indeed they where. Lily was in her office preparing for the next lesson when Sirius waltzed in, grabbed her, and dragged her here, picking up the children along the way. He wouldn't answer her questions, instead claiming that Dumbledore sent him, and that he had no idea why. "I have received some news, and a package," Dumbledore continued gravely, only the twinkle in his eye giving away his happiness at the moment. "The news, well there is certainly no easy way to say this but... the news... well..." He turned to look at where James and Lily stood with the Weasleys, Damien and Hermione. "Harry Potter is Alive." An immediate uproar followed these words, exclamations of confusion emitting from the underage witches and wizards, "Who's Harry Potter? Why was he dead?" And denial coming from the adults, "They found a body Albus! He's dead! Impossible!" Throughout it all, James and Lily stood in stunned silence, hardly daring to hope that Dumbledore spoke the truth. Dumbledore allowed them to go on for a few minutes, before loudly clearing his throat. "I assure, I speak the truth. I must beg of you now to listen to my explanation, and not interrupt." He motioned for them all to sit down on the couches, and after a moments hesitation they did. Lily, Remus, James and Sirius took up one couch, with Damien, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, Fred and George on another. Molly and Arthur sat with Bill, Fleur, Charlie and Percy. Severus, McGonagall and Dumbledore occupied another, and the last was claimed by Tonks, Kingsly and Moody. Once they were all seated, and their attention shifted back to him, Dumbledore began his explanation. "I have recently been informed by someone close to Voldemort that he never killed Harry Potter, but instead raised him as a son." James and Lily flinched, opening their mouths to interrupt, but Dumbledore held up his hand. "Despite what we believed to be true, the body we found was not Harry's. The person who gave me this information also gave me this." He brandished the book in the air. "This book details the life of Harry, not just his past, but also his future. They gave this to me in the hopes that we can change his fate." "Who was it?" Lily croaked out. "Who gave that to you?" Dumbledore sighed. "Narcissa Malfoy." At the protests this raised, he once again cleared his throat to silence them. "She revealed all this to me under the influence of Vertiserum, and I have checked this book over multiple times with numerous spells. She speaks the truth, and this book truly does detail the life of Harry." Silence overcame the room, as they took this information in. The silence was broken by Damien. "Who's Harry? And why does he share our last name? Is he a relative of mine? Why would you think he's dead? he shot his questions at his parents. "Damien, Harry is your older brother." James sighed. "We believed he was murdered by You-Know-Who when he was only a year old." Hermione and Ginny gasped. "We didn't speak of him, tell you about him, because it was too painful. It still is. Which is why," he shot a pointed look at Dumbledore, "this better not be some sick joke or something." "Never." Dumbledore proclaimed. "Read this book, and everything will become clear. Now who wishes to read first?" As everyone pondered the Headmasters words, which as usual made no sense, Bill raised his hand, and summoned the book over to him. He cleared his throat and read: " Chapter One: Betrayal " 'It really is creepy how much he looks like James.' Thought Lily. Even at the age of one, Harry, her son had such similarities to his father. His hair was just as unruly as James'. She had always told her husband to do something about his hair but James would always flash a dazzling smile ate her and continue to run his hand through his hair, making it messier. 'At least he has my eyes.' Lily thought thankfully as she looked down at the playing child in her lap. The emerald green of Harry's eyes made him look even more adorable. The raven haired child was currently sitting on his mothers lap, happily chewing on his toys and every so often he would look around at the door. "Who are you looking for sweetie?" cooed Lily holding Harry close to her. "He's looking for me, isn't he?" James said with a sad smile. Lily nodded, "Every night." She knew perfectly well who Harry was looking for. It was the same every evening, around seven, Harry would eagerly anticipate his father's return from work. Of course for an ordinary one year old it was not possible to be able to determine the time but Harry was no ordinary boy. For that matter neither were Harry's parents. Harry and his parents were a wizard family. James was a pureblood, while Lily came from a muggle family. Even so, she was one of the most talented witches of her generation. "That you most certainly are Mrs Potter," McGonagall smiled at Lily, her former, and favourite, student. As if on cue James arrived through the front door of the house looking a little dismayed, but at the sight of Harry and Lily, his hazel eyes lit up and a small smile graced his face. "Hey, how's my little man?" asked James as he strode over to Lily and picked up Harry who was gurgling frantically to get his father's attention. "Man?" Damien said. "You never call me a man." "James, how many times do I have to remind you? He is a boy not a man." Lily reprimanded playfully. James just shrugged and replied. "Boy is so... I don't know. It just sounds weird, like I am telling him off. He's my 'little man'." He said, cuddling Harry affectionately. Lily smiled at her husband. In her opinion James just didn't want to sound too fatherly since he was only twenty three years old. "Oh yes, and he's simply ancient now." Sirius said with a cheeky smile, before James hit him over the head. Lily was just about to get up to get dinner when a knock interrupted them. James was instantly on alert. He silently handed Harry over to Lily and drew out his wand. He went over to the door and motioned Lily to go to the other room with Harry. Lily nodded and proceeded to the room quickly. Usually Lily wouldn't take an order from anyone, not even James, but ever since that wretched prophecy was made things had changed dramatically. They had moved to Godric's Hollow and only a hand selected few knew where that was. Lily waited apprehensively, wand held in one hand while still carrying Harry. She would hex anyone that as much as cast a shadow over her only son. "Mum... It's not... You-Know-Who is it? You're all gonna be okay, right?" Damien quietly asked. Lily shook her head no. No it wasn't Voldemort, and no, they weren't all going to be all right. She heard James mutter a spell that allowed him to see who was at the door. Suddenly the door was opened and Lily could hear laughing and a voice that she knew all too well. She let out a breath she didn't even know she was holding. She came out of her room and made her way downstairs. Sure enough there were her husband's old friends, Sirius and Peter. Sirius had annoyed Lily senseless in her years at Hogwarts, always goofing around with James and getting him into all sorts of trouble. Of course, James wasn't exactly the innocent party but since Lily was now his wife she preferred to blame Sirius. Peter was always so quiet that Lily sometimes wondered what he was doing being a Marauder. Remus was the only one Lily could have an intelligent conversation with. Unfortunately, he was not here tonight as he was having his little 'furry' problem as Sirius had so sensitively named his condition. Sirius avoided Remus' glare by turning his head pointedly away. "You could let us know you're dropping by Padfoot." Lily remarked as she handed Harry over to his Godfather who enthusiastically reached over and cuddled him as close as he could. "Where is the fun in that?" He enquired as he gave Harry his trademark bark like laugh. Harry was already waving his arms around and giggling at Sirius and his antics. Lily looked on affectionately at her son; he really was fond of his Godfather. Peter was also looking on and Lily wasn't sure if she was just imagining it or not but a look of regret flickered on his face. An almost pained expression was evident in Peter's eyes. "Why didn't I know?" Lily almost sobbed. Damien was taken aback by his mothers sudden mood change, and dread filled him. Something was going to happen. The tension was thick in the air. "Peter, are you okay?" she asked putting a hand on his shoulder. Peter quickly looked away and shifted a little uncomfortably. "Yeah um…I just...just, had a long day...that's all..." he mumbled, looking positively sick. "Bastard." Snarled Sirius, looking absolutely murderous. Molly gave him a sharp look, but decided to let his language slide, given the situation they were reliving. "Don't talk to me about having long days." James joined in. "I have had the most supremely awful day." "Oh, what happened?" Sirius quickly asked while still letting Harry pull on his shoulder length, dark locks. "Well, with the attacks coming in left, right and centre, I don't know how much more we can take before it all goes pear shaped." James had a sad look in his usual sparkly hazel eyes. James loved being an Auror even though he had admitted he had only become one since that was the career path Sirius had chosen but he quickly became very fond of his role as a fighter for the light side. "Really? You never told me that." Sirius tilted his head to the side, looking at James. "That's because I didn't want you to get an even bigger head." James snarked, to laughter. However, after the prophecy was made about Harry, James was increasingly becoming more and more paranoid. He didn't like the idea of his child being faced with such a huge responsibility. 'Saving the World' that was his job, not Harry's. "My son should never have been involved in any on this."