"Him," Sirius raised his chin toward the young man bound in chains in the center of the arena. "Have him brought to my chambers." Walburga's regal face remained smooth, completely void of emotion, just as she had been trained to do since birth. Her eyes however, betrayed her ire and disgust as she turned to look at the heir of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black. "The beast?" she inquired, her haughty voice tight. Sirius let one corner of his mouth lift in a slow smirk. "Yes." His gaze returned to the muscled man in the ring whose bare chest was heaving as he fought against his restraints. The battle beforehand had forced him to fight against his own kind, leaving him covered in blood and dirt. Sirius notes that it did little to diminish his handsome features. Orion Black came to stand next to the throne his son occupied, his gaze flickering to the werewolf still in the ring before settling on his eldest son and heir. "Do you wish him to be your slave?" Orion paused until Sirius tore his gaze from the werewolf and met his own. "You have several personal slaves already, Sirius. To what purpose do you intend to use this creature?" "For what purpose do I want that gorgeous man brought to my chambers?" A slow smile spread across his face as he saw his father's nostrils flare and the ire flicker in his eyes. "I wish to ravish him, of course." To his credit, Orion's expression did not betray the distaste he felt at the thought of his heir's proclivities and baser tendencies. "Do not forget your duty." The powerful ruler inclined his head towards the dark-haired woman occupying a chair further along the dais. Sirius turned to look at his cousin Bellatrix, looking regal and poised in a diaphanous black gown, her long curls gleaming in the sunlight. Her beauty did nothing but turn his stomach as he watched her laugh with malicious glee when one of the guards used a brief Crucio to try to control the creature trying to break his restraints. He turned back to his father, his grey eyes hard. "I know my duty and I will marry Bella next month as planned. You will have your heir and an unbroken line of pure Blacks as you wish it, Father." At Orion's brief nod of acceptance, Sirius let his eyes wander back to the sandy-haired man in shackles. "You will have what you want, and I will have what I desire ." Sirius could feel his lust flare as he watched the creature force himself to stand after being knocked down by the torture curse. Even dripping in blood, sweat, and filth he stood proudly and defiantly. He spat at the guard's feet and Sirius could see the determination to endure whatever came his way in the werewolf's golden eyes. "I want him brought to my chambers, unharmed. Immediately," He turned to the nearest guard. "I will not repeat myself." The guard glanced quickly at Orion, his lord and master, and at his brief nod immediately descended the dais and strode purposefully to the center of the ring. He waved his wand at the ring anchoring the chains to the ground and tossed the chains to the large guardsman hovering nearby. He barked orders as four guards surrounded the prisoner and led him out of the arena. Sirius watched until they were out of view and rose from his throne. He bowed to his mother, who inclined her head, but did not stop the sneer from twisting her features as she looked upon her son with revulsion. Sirius smirked at her displeasure before bowing to his father. "If you'll excuse me, sir, I have… matters …to attend to." Orion resumed his seat upon his own throne before dismissing Sirius with a small wave of his hand. Sirius glanced at his younger brother, sitting ramrod straight in his seat, his silver eyes fixed upon Sirius with ill-concealed distaste. "Reg, enjoy the rest of the…show." Regulus simply glared at his brother and muttered, "A vile beast…" while shaking his head and turning away from his older sibling. Sirius faltered for a split second, but quickly adopted a mask of indifference before leaving the dais with his robes billowing behind. He steadfastly tried to not let the hatred he knew his family felt for him and his preferences overwhelm him as he made his way to his chambers. His stony glare and quick pace through the stone hallways had servants scurrying out of his way. As he neared his private sanctuary, he forced his thoughts to turn to the handsome creature who would be waiting for him. Sirius had not spared much thought for the werewolf uprising the forces of the House of Black had crushed until the arena battles had begun to be staged several days ago. When the two dozen ragtag members that had survived the massacre were ushered into the arena and ordered to fight to the death he had watched with his usual brand of disinterest until he had seen the lone figure who seemed to refuse to fight. Tall and broad with a well-muscled torso, the only clothing the man wore was a pair of torn breeches that clung to him. Though his sleek and powerful physique was enough to attract Sirius' attention it was the utter defiance in his amber eyes that captivated him. He defended himself against any who came his way, but he refused to fight them unless they were attacking him first. The only break in this strategy came when Fenrir Greyback approached him. When the creature saw Fenrir, his composure broke and he was ferocious in his attack, snarling while he tried everything in his power to kill the werewolf who had brought about his pack's demise. Fenrir fought back and laughed as he did so, eliciting even more wild rage in his opponent. Sirius was transfixed and couldn't help but hope for the sandy-haired stranger to win the battle. Once all of the other opponents were dead, the creature doubled his attacks on Greyback, fueled by his rage. Greyback had the advantage of years of ruthless fighting and despite the adrenaline coursing through the younger man, Greyback soon had him pinned to the ground. Fenrir threw his head back and laughed, calling for the guards, as the other man struggled against him. When the guards arrived to restrain the prisoner, Fenrir stood and addressed the House of Black, surprisingly asking for the other werewolf to be spared. The guards awaited their master's verdict and upon the brief nod of agreement Lord Black gave, they magically bound the prisoner to the ground. Despite his numerous injuries and the shackles chaining him to the earth, the man struggled against his bonds and roared at Greyback, promising to exact revenge. It took much of Sirius' self-control to temper the lust that raged through him as he watched the werewolf snarl at his enemy, his muscles shifting and bulging as he fought his restraints. He knew in that very moment that he would stop at nothing to have him. He had no idea why this man affected him so powerfully, but he knew that even more so than the physical lust he felt for the attractive creature, something within him called out for the other man. As Sirius approached, the guards opened the doors to his chambers swiftly so he didn't have to slow his gait. He entered his sanctuary and saw that the guards had already arrived with his new slave. The man was still bound by shackles on his wrists and ankles and stood in the center of his sitting room, a guard flanking each side. At his entrance, the prisoner turned his head and watched Sirius walk towards him, his unsettling amber eyes meeting Sirius' stormy grey. Sirius stopped directly in front of him, his eyes never leaving the other man's, and addressed the guards. "Leave us. Now." The guards obeyed immediately, the doors shutting heavily behind them. The heir to the House of Black let his gaze slip from the man in chains and roam over his body, taking in all of the bruises and abrasions that seemed recent speckled in between the many scars that seemed to cover most of his face and body. "Tell me," he asked quietly, "what is your name?" The prisoner stood still and Sirius could see the reticence in his eyes, ever the defiant one. It seemed to occur to him that he had nothing left to lose by telling his captor his name so he finally spoke. "Remus." Sirius licked his lips before letting the name roll off his tongue slowly. "Remus…how fitting." Before Remus could respond, Sirius called out abruptly. "Kreacher!" Instantly a small, wizened house elf appeared at his side. "Master has need of Kreacher?" Sirius turned from Remus and ordered a bath to be drawn immediately. Kreacher snapped his fingers before disappearing again with a crack and Remus could hear the sound of running water nearby though he could not see it. "This simply won't do." Sirius waved his hand towards Remus' chains and held his gaze with a slow smile. "Would you like me to remove them?" Remus was unsure what this young lord had in mind for him, but he wasn't about to dismiss an opportunity to be unrestrained and attempt an escape. "Y-yes." His nostrils flared as he forced himself to continue. "Please." Sirius pulled his wand from his robes and with a casual flick the bonds disappeared. He watched Remus rub his chafed wrists for a moment before speaking. "Come with me." He turned his back on him and walked away, leaving Remus staring after him incredulously. Lord Black did not turn back to see if Remus followed, but a few moments later heard the other's hesitant footsteps behind him. Sirius came to a stop next to a large pool-like bath and turned to look at Remus as he came to a stop two steps behind him. Remus stared at the enormous sunken bath and took in every detail of the dozen golden taps, each inlaid with jewels, which stood in the center. Steaming water came out of each, but he could see some of the taps also flowed with what he could only assume were soap bubbles. Two young women and two young men stood waiting at the steps to the bath, looking at the Black heir expectantly, who in turn was looking at Remus. "What, what is all this?" Remus asked hesitantly. Sirius smiled softly as he motioned to the pool by his feet. "Why, it's your bath of course." The werewolf looked at him in confusion. " My bath?" "Of course." Sirius removed his outer robes, handing them off to one of the attendants, before moving closer to Remus. His grey eyes raked over the taller man's body in a way that had Remus' heartbeat quicken. "You're covered in the gore of the arena; the blood of your clan. I simply thought you might wish to be rid of that and cleanse yourself." Remus nodded, not trusting himself to speak. He knew this man before him was supposed to be his Master now, but he had a strong sense that he wasn't to be the typical slave. He could see the way the other man looked at him with unmistakable sexual longing and he knew he should try to use that to his advantage. He would find a way to escape and if it took satisfying the other man's obvious lust to make him think Remus was his obedient slave then he would do so. He would do anything it took to leave the hell he had found himself in since he had discovered Greyback's plans. It didn't however, mean he was willing to be taken by force. Remus raised his head and met the other man's eyes. "Do you intend