High A/N- Hello my faithful readers and new readers who have decided to jump on this ride. Well, this will be a short two-shot but I promise you'll have fun… or atleast amusement… I had this lying around on my laptop and when I read it, I thought this is something worth sharing because I had a good time reading this. So here is this new story… For songs, well, any peppy song would go on well. As I wrote this some time back, I don't remember the exact songs I heard while writing this… Disclaimer- Well, if someone was just distributing HP rights, I would be first in line. But sadly no one is and I still don't own HP. Though the plot is mine so you know, something is better than nothing. Chapter 1 The windows of the heads dorm gave a brilliant view of the Hogwarts ground and the Black lake. The ground was lush green and the giant squid seemed to be whooping around in the lake. She sighed and sat at the window seat. It had been a month, 6 days and Hermione Granger was frustrated. The last year of her school was not at all going well and all of that because of a certain blond. Draco Malfoy was and always has been the bane of her existence. The past six years it was hell but looked like her seventh year was even worse. It felt like she had been locked away in Lucifer's cage in hell with the one and only pureblood extraordinaire; Draco Malfoy. Welcome to a year of insanity. She could have handled the satan himself but Draco Malfoy was a prick on a different dimension. She had thought that maybe, just maybe, after last year, he would've changed. But really, who was she kidding. He was Draco Malfoy and she was Hermione Granger… and they were heads. When she had thought that her seventh year would be great, things like this had to happen. Last year was traumatic for the whole school and the wizarding world. Voldemort himself had graced the halls of Hogwarts with his cronies and tried to kill the Headmaster and Harry. What a fight it was… she would always remember it. But it had looked like Draco Malfoy was a spy on their side. The Voldemort and his death eaters entering Hogwarts was all planned beforehand. The headmaster had destroyed five Horcruxes right under the nose of old Voldy-Moldy but looked like he was too busy planning Dumbledore's execution that he didn't even notice. The fight took place at Hogwarts' grounds. Order of Phoenix and the DA member fought valiantly. There were few casualties but no one died so that was good… right. Harry had cut the snake in two with Godric Gryffindor's sword before slitting the throat of Bellatrix. Then he took on Tom Riddle alongside Dumbledore. When the killing curse had hit him she had panicked so much. But she saw Dumbledore's eyes twinkling and she knew he was upto something. And the next second, Harry was standing back up. Seriously, it looked like he had a penchant for surviving killing curses. Then Harry and Dumbledore finished the Dark Lord in style. And when she saw Harry pumping a fist in the air at their victory, she felt like she had been in some kind of gory action movie, fighting monsters and zombies; kinda like walking dead meets supernatural. Half the death eaters looked insane as it was. Draco Malfoy was considered a hero and so was Severus Snape. While Snape sneered whenever anyone mentioned his role in war, Draco would smirk and be smug about it. It got frustrating after a while. When she had gotten the Head Girl's badge in summer, she was elated. Her parents couldn't be any happier. She had enjoyed the summer being a total teenager. Without the fear of Voldemort looming over them, she had enjoyed every single day. She had gone to Quidditch matches with Harry, Ron and his family. She had gone for shopping with her mother and cricketing with her father. She got in touch with her muggle friends and went out to party or on adventures with them. And sometimes she had called Harry too for the trips. She liked Ron as a friend but he would never be able to understand how muggle things worked and she was not that comfortable with the idea of him trying out things like bowling or driving or cinema. After awesome summer holidays, September 1 she got on the train and had got the biggest; well not biggest but definitely one of the biggest shock in her life. She saw Draco Malfoy sitting smugly in the Prefect's compartment and she thought of pulling her hair out. But then she imagined how she would look with that and shuddered at the image. And then she decided to endure the torture of it all. When she was summoned by Dumbledore after the welcome feast, she thought it would be perfectly normal. But when had her luck been that good. She discovered they would be sharing Head's dorm together with one common room and a bathroom. Earlier it used to be a separate dorm in their own respective houses but now they would share same. She wanted someone to shoot her then and there; because there was no way she would survive with Draco Malfoy. Either she would kill him, or he would kill her. The night had just started and they were already well into their first fights. There was not much space in the bookshelves and apparently both of them had tons of books. The house elves, (it had looked like) put most important tomes in the shelves and the rest were all mixed up. They had stayed well into the night separating their books which had involved a lot of screaming, cursing and chaos. They had left the common room a mess that night. When Draco had got fed up and retreated to his room, she had left a note for elves for not to touch her things. The next morning, she gathered all her things and moved them to her room. When Draco had entered the room, it was all neat and clean. But to his utter irritation, the house elves had cleared his stuff up. Half of his books were shifted to his room while the other half seemed to be lost in oblivion. When he noticed this, he had lost his temper and had threatened the elves to return his things. Sadly, his potions and transfiguration essay alongside with some of his less relevant books were in ashes. When he had asked why they had such an ingenious idea as of burning them, they had just squeaked. 'We saw Miss had half of those books and other looked not important.' He was filled with rage. And when he asked about the essays and how he would ever explain their mistake to his professors, they uttered. 'Oh but Mister Malfoy, the essays were ruined by the ink from your ink-pot.' Hermione had laughed out so loud that she had to bury her head in a cushion to suppress it. Malfoy had looked murderous with that nasty glare. And the elves had vanished the second he turned to look at her. And that was just the start. From then on, it was war. He would prank her and then she would prank him back and it went so on. Once he had mixed green metallic hair colour in her shampoo and she had to sport green streaked locks for 3 days. In return she had set his hair on fire; which did decrease the length of his hair. The next time, he slipped a wrong ingredient in her potion and she ended up with an explosion, a broken finger and goo in all her hair; much to Professor Snape's amusement. The next class, she transfigured his sweater in a bra with a sticking charm on all his clothes. One moment he was sitting there taking notes and the other, he was sporting a pink bra with floral design and 'suck me' written over them, on his shirt, which was stuck to him for the remainder of the day. All Professor McGonagall did was tell him that he was stuck with that for remainder of the day as the spell was modified and gave Hermione a secretive smile. The next week, Hermione had to endure wardrobe malfunction and in return Draco had to endure significant decrease in his clothes as they were turned in ashes. The 5th week in school, Hermione scored an E in Potions because Draco thought it was funny to screw up with her essay. Hermione was in such a fury that she tore 4 of his essays to shreds and burst them up in flames. It was the both of them that endured the consequences but all the houses were quiet enjoying their predicament. She heard the common room door open and swore she would hex him good this time if he tried to mess with her. 'Sweet Salazar! What do we have here? The bushy bookworm trying to send love signs to her lover squid.' Draco mocked before settling down on a sofa. 'How I wish that the giant squid would eat you alive, ferret.' She said. 'My-my! And deprive all of the girls from seeing me daily. How cruel can you get Granger?' he said dramatically. 'You wish!' she snorted. 'What? That every girl drools over me? Oh I assure you Granger, they do.' He said smugly. 'So delusional you are Malfoy. Not every girl is daft.' She stated. 'Oh if you are talking about yourself then don't bother. Hardly anyone sees you more than a bookworm Granger. So it doesn't really matter.' He mocked her again and she could feel the anger coursing through her vein. 'Then I suggest you get a pair of glasses Malfoy. Because it was what, just two hours back that Blaise told me I looked hot in Arthimancy. Not that I need anyone to validate it but I thought you should know.' She smirked at him and went to her room slamming her door hard. Granger 1 Malfoy 0. That night when he visited the Slytherin common room, he dragged Blaise to a corner and set silencing charm around them. 'Did you call her hot?' he asked and Blaise looked at him like he had asked who was Salazar Slytherin. 'I don't know who you are referring to but if it's about Granger then yeah.' Blaise said casually and Draco looked at him in bafflement. 'But why would you do such an atrocious thing?' he asked or more like yelled. 'You have got to be blind man. I think you are in a desperate need of Glasses, princess.' Blaise said dramatically and Draco sighed at his best friend's antics. 'I don't need fucking glasses Zabini. And if you call me silly names one more time I swear I will castrate you no matter best friend or not.' Draco glared. Blaise put his hands up in surrender with an amused look on his face. 'Drake, you've got to be kidding me by asking why I told Granger she looked hot. You live within the same quarters and have failed to take notice of how hot she has got. I mean have you seen her in those muggle jeans and all, she looks smoking.' Blaise said. Draco looked at him incredulously and he just shrugged. 'She is a nightmare to live with, first thing. Then she's always being a bitch. How can you find her anything but disgusting.' Draco shuddered. 'Look here mate. I will say this once and once only. That girl there that you live with is hot as fuck. She is like the scorching heat in Caribbean. Now either you disguise your apparent attraction towards her by your so called hatred and all or