The Apprentice Summary: Legolas visits Aiwendil to fulfill a promise and learn to harness his natural magic. His trip, however, did not turn out quite as he had expected it to. Author's note: to fully understand this story, you should first read The Protégé and Arcane Land. However, I believe it does stand alone, with a little stretch of the imagination. Beta reader: Mindirith Warnings: mature MM content and drug use. One month – just one month. They were capable warriors, the best the Greenwood had to offer - nothing would happen, aside from the usual, that is, for Dimaethor would lead them well and he - he needed to detach himself from them and the darkness they fought – just for a month, mind you, for if he was to succeed in his endeavour, he knew that his mind needed to be fully trained on the task. The recent dip in enemy activity would not last for long, indeed, it was a rare gift that Legolas would seize, for he had put this trip off for too long now. A promise was a promise, and even had he not made it, he would have sought out the Brown Wizard anyway, for the magic that Yavanna had bestowed upon him had an uncanny ability of manifesting itself spontaneously, usually when there was some unsuspecting elf around. It was enough to frighten the daylights out of the unwitting, he knew, and when just recently, his hair had gained a life of its own and floated unnaturally slowly around him, as weeds do beneath the water's surface - well, enough was enough. Indeed, had it happened in the company of dwarves or humans, he would surely have lost his life, skewered upon their swords and axes, thinking him an agent of evil, that his natural magic was in fact some kind of vile devilry from the deepest pits of Dol Guldûr. He needed help, and Radagast was the one to give it. He had said goodbye to The Company, his own elite patrol, assigning Dimaethor to captain them in his absence - that had been four days ago. He had travelled on foot towards the South and then West, yet he was still close enough to know should they run into any trouble, he deemed … and then he berated himself once more – he needed to collect his thoughts, concentrate and stop fretting over military matters and the welfare of his warriors. As he walked, he pondered on why it was, that late summer had always struck Legolas as a sad time of year. The natural cycle of plant life was drawing to a close, insects taking their last opportunities with the ripe, straining fruits that sat heavily upon branches and bushes, soon to either wither away, or fall victim to avid jaws. It was the decadence, he supposed, the end of endurance and then death, sleep. His mind wandered once more to the devastation his brothers now traversed, for there was no fruit there, no living thing to be trusted or admired… 'stop' , he beseeched himself in exasperation, ' stop it .' Yet with this season came the most stunning array of smells – the fragrance of flowers and resins, dry bark and hay – petals and twigs, leaves and herbs, old and fresh grass, all layered one upon the other, it made him want to lie down, roll in it, impregnate himself with it. It was hot, and he was hungry. A quick glance at the sky told him that the sun was high above him now, and so he sat in a shady area below a handsome beech tree, placing his palm upon its thick trunk in greeting. Smiling, he leant back into its embrace and then dipped into his satchel in search of food. The bread he carried was still edible, and he had found fruit along the way – that would go with a little of that tangy cheese he still had left, the one Elrond was so partial to. The mental image of the Master Healer came to him then, his august face set in an expression of heavenly bliss as his jaw worked purposefully on the cheese, his brow furrowed in delight as he slid his favorite pickles into his mouth, crunching down on them before rolling his eyes back and then closing them. It brought another fond smile to his own chewing mouth as a wave of nostalgia rolled over him. He was suddenly nudged out of his mental wanderings by the beech behind him, as it casually informed him of the nearness of a friend, and true to its word, a wizened old man appeared from between the trees, surprisingly silent and almost invisible in his rough robes of brown. His face had always captivated Legolas, made him want to take the Maia into his arms and squeeze, for goodness, empathy and love seemed to emanate from the very pores of his skin. There was, however, that perpetual expression of one who is not entirely – present , as if his mind were constantly upon some other issue, imagining some other elf that was not the one before him. He was so very different from Mithrandir, whom he considered a friend, a shrewd and cunning one at that – Radagast the Brown, however, was the grandfather that all elves wanted to have, the dear one that doted on his friends and family, incapable of swatting a fly… It made Legolas smile fondly as he moved to stand, and then sat once more as the wizard lowered himself to the forest floor with nary a word. A simple yet heartfelt smile was all the welcome Legolas received, or indeed, could possibly want. Offering his own food, the wrinkled hand plucked at a chunk of cheese and whipped it into his mouth. The wizard's eyes anchored on those of Legolas as he rolled the cheese around in his mouth until his eyebrows shot up to the brim of his pointed hat and his mouth formed the perfect 'ooohh', drawing a chuckle from the Forest Lord. "That is what I thought the first time I tried it – tangy, is it not?" "It is splendid, child – you should visit more often!" he said jovially as he sidled up closer to Legolas and plucked at another piece of cheese and hooked a handful of plump pink raspberries, glad that the warrior had not brought any meat with him. "Well then," he said, his words somewhat muffled by the food in his mouth, "how much time do you have, young warrior?" he asked, his eyes glancing sideways at the elf for a brief moment. "A month, if there are no complications," he said carefully, wondering if that would be enough. "That is not long at all, Legolas. Learning to harness your talent will take much longer – yet I suppose we can cover the basics. However, I will need your full attention, boy. I cannot have you fretting over your warriors and orcs and such…" he trailed off, his face now completely serious, his eyes unwaveringly fixed on Legolas'. "I know, and I am – trying ," he said ruefully, for the wizard had read him surprisingly well, for one that is perpetually distracted, that is. The wizard's upper pocket moved then, catching Legolas' attention as something squirmed beneath the rough fabric. A minute, wet black nose emerged from the edge, wiggling from side to side as it strained to catch the scent of the one who sat beside its friend, or perhaps it was the cheese... Legolas smiled then, as a sense of childish delight ran through him. He cocked his head to the side as he contemplated the small rodent, wondering how it was that anyone, or anything, would wish harm upon it – there were none of this species where his brothers rode… he closed his eyes in frustrated defeat, for however much he tried to detach himself, he simply could not, and the wizard saw it. "Come," he said simply, as he rose and began to walk into the woods with Legolas a few paces behind. "Why do you not walk abreast of me, child? There is no danger here…" he said softly, for the question had, indeed, been rhetorical. "I seem to have lost the capacity to enjoy things as they are, without comparing or protecting them, lamenting their scarcity, or ruing the lack of time in which to try to delight in them…" "You have not lost it, my boy – tell me, when you train, or fight, you prepare your mind, do you not? You clear it, you centre on those things you need – and discard those that you don't – this is just the same, there is no difference – 'tis simply the level of awareness that is different – it will not hinder your ability to feel danger – for that is what you fear, is it not? That you will be caught unawares…?" Legolas looked at the wizard now, as if he had grown another head, 'could he read his mind?' he suddenly fretted, and the wizard laughed heartily. "Nay, I did not read your mind, just as Gwaihir did not that day in Imladris, you had been horrified at the prospect then, too," he chuckled merrily. "'Tis simply a capacity you too will learn and hone, for there is much to be read from the face and body of a companion, whatever the race or species." Legolas wondered how he could ever have believed Radagast to be 'distracted', for he had certainly read Legolas like an open book. It was a little disconcerting, but not enough to destroy his pre-conceived idea of the wizard, it was simply a technique, one he hoped he would come to dominate as well as his teacher obviously did. They walked the rest of the way in silence, until they stepped into a small, shady glade where a small stone cottage stood. Its walls were covered in creeping plants and vines, almost resembling a large bush, mused Legolas, except that there were windows, and a chimney peeking out from the top. 'Inordinately beautiful', he thought to himself, for there were flowers in full bloom of every color here in this - enchanted garden, and a stunning variety of animal life that was simply unnatural in such a reduced area. Legolas supposed it had to do with the wizard's nurturing ways and his ability with natural magic. Whatever it was, he was struck dumb at the beauty of it, and Radagast smiled enigmatically, pulling his apprentice out of his awed silence with a question. "Legolas," he paused, waiting until he was sure he had the elf's full attention, "do you trust me?" asked the wizard, his tone almost conversational. "I trust you," said Legolas, worry starting to gnaw at his stomach, for he was beginning to realize that there was a little more than met the eye here - nay, that fooled the eye – and specifically, to this apparently gentle, somewhat puerile Maia. He was not what he seemed, thought Legolas, not that any Maia he had made acquaintances with ever was, yet Radagast was surprising him, and Legolas found himself irked at the idea. 'What have I gotten myself into?' he moaned to himself. "I will ask you to perform deeds that you may find – strange , and perhaps uncomfortable – at first at least. You will become accustomed to it, however, and the skills you will learn will be more than justification for it, and paramount to the path before you." "I understand," said Legolas levelly, his eyes lingering on those of the wizard as he desperately tried to read his intentions, and failed – again. The wizard held his ground under that, legendary, hereditary gaze as best he could, wondering if his apprentice really did understand, before slapping him on the shoulder and slipping