Chaotic Elites (Task Force Alpha with a big twist) So...instead of sending Percy, Piper, and their squad...why not send in Perciper's demon-powered twin children who are pretty much Dante and Vergil from Devil May Cry but are very friendly to each other? Chapter 1: Running From My Past Percy POV Four years after the end of the Titan War: People used to call me a hero, their savior. I had it all: a perfect life, loyal friends, and most of all, a loving girlfriend. Hi. I'm Perseus Jackson, Percy for short, and I'm a son of Poseidon. I was one of the demigods of the Great Prophecy that resulted in the defeat of the Titan Lord Kronos. I'm pretty sure you noticed the key word: "had". I lost all that because of the arrival of my half-brother , Marcus Ward . Look, I never knew I had a half brother in the first place but, he was cool and all at first, but only at first. He was skinny, had brown hair, dull sea green eyes, and was the same age as me. How I met him? Well, it's a long story given how far I've gone. Flashback One night, I saw him being chased by ol' Beefhead. I knew what had to be done so I charged the Minotaur while he hid behind a tree. I can't blame him. He only had a dagger. I seriously injured Beefhead when I plunged Riptide into his stomach, but he managed to swat me to a tree and almost knock me out. The guy charged out of the tree and stabbed the Minotaur in the head. I wanted to congratulate him when I got up and my sight was clear again. Until he showed his true colors. Marcus claimed that HE killed the Minotaur all by himself, with the dagger, nonetheless. Poseidon personally claimed him and what he said about him, in front of the campers, broke me like a porcelain vase. "Marcus here is better than all of my other children, even Percy!" Most of the campers HAD to believe it, even Chiron and Mr. D. Only Thalia, Nico, Rachel, Grover, Clarisse, the Stolls, Katie, Will, and Tyson didn't believe him. Annabeth wasn't at camp because she was busy repairing Olympus. That's when things got a LOT worse. Ever since he came to camp, Marcus spread lies about me. I lost my position as councilor of the Poseidon cabin. I didn't care. The only thing I needed was friends and family. One day, I was browsing the weapon shed and something caught my eye. No, it's not the shotgun. It was a dagger. The sheath and handle was dark leather. When I drew the dagger, it was like the blade was a mirror. I was shocked when I realized what it was: Katropis, the dagger of Helen of Troy. I decided to go find Annabeth and ask her out. When I got out of the shed, no one was around. Camp Half Blood became a ghost town. I saw no one but Clarisse, Connor, Travis, and Katie. "Where is everyone?" I asked them. "You may not want to know, Aqualad. And why are you holding Katropis?" Clarisse asked me. "It caught my eye, okay!" I heard cheering and woots coming from the beach. Curious, I dashed for the beach. Katie tried to stop me with vines but I jumped over them. They kept persuading me to stop. I had to know what was going on. At least my fatal flaw wasn't curiosity, unlike Pandora. Anyway, there was a large crowd in the middle of the beach. I saw everyone else, along with all the Olympians, minus Hestia, Hera, Artemis, Apollo, Hermes, and Hephaestus. "Congratulations to my favorite son!" Poseidon bellowed. I smiled at what my father said but, I felt a little too skeptical on why he was facing the middle of the crowd. And then, the next thing he said hit me so hard it felt like Kronos's scythe. "Marcus has truly surpassed even Percy! If he were still here, I'd disown him!" I can't believe this. Why would Poseidon disown me? After everything I've done for Olympus?! I heard the campers chant: "KISS! KISS! KISS! KISS!" I looked closer into the crowd and saw Marcus kiss a blonde girl, probably someone from the Aphrodite cabin. The moment they broke away, what the girl said hit my heart with the force of a bullet train. "You're a million times better than Percy, Marcus! I love you more than that weakling." I recognized that voice instantly. Annabeth...FREAKING CHEATED ON ME?! HOW COULD SHE?! I didn't notice the others behind me. "We warned you, Perce." Travis said. "So you won't see this." Connor finished up. I scowled at them, sending shivers up their spines. "I'm done here." I softly spoke, storming back to my cabin. Because of what the wisdom b**** did, my Achilles curse stopped working. Only these four stood by me now. As for the other people that are still with me, Thalia's with the Hunters, Nico's in the Underworld, helping Persephone, Grover is somewhere, helping nature spirits, Will is on a quest, Tyson's working in Atlantis, and Rachel went on a 3-day vacation with her family. Lord Apollo made sure that she was safe. I packed supplies, drachma, Riptide, Katropis, and pictures of my remaining friends. The pictures with Annabeth? I sliced them apart with the dagger. I slung over my bag and walked to Thalia's pine tree. There, I saw Peleus staring at me, looking like a sad baby. "Goodbye, bud." I said, stroking his snout with my hand before trekking out of the borders. When I reached the road, I saw a young lady wearing orange robes, and an aura radiating with hope. Clearly, it was Lady Hestia. "Lady Hestia?" I asked. "I see that most of the gods have forgotten about you, Perseus." she said, looking at me with compassion. "You need my blessing to survive the mortal world." She placed her hand on my forehead, and I felt everything Hestia stands for surge inside me. I felt so hopeful. "With my full blessing, you can summon fire, homemade meals, and give hope to others." she told me. "Thank you, Lady Hestia." "It's nothing. Oh, and you're going to need these." the goddess said, giving me a car key and an empty card. I touched the card first and suddenly, I felt like I can drive a race car already. The card slowly formed prints and afterwards, it turned into a driver's license. "Cool." I muttered, putting it in my pocket then holding the key. "Use the key." Hestia ordered. I pressed one of the three buttons of the key. From out of nowhere, an orange Chevorlet Camaro Z/28 with black stripes drove up in front of me, scaring me and making Lady Hestia chuckle. "The key has the obvious lock and unlock. The other button is for calling the car to where you are, and the key will always reappear in your pocket when not in use." Hestia placed her hands on the hood of the car as I observed and admired it. "Chevorlet Camaro Z/28 I 'bought' from the mortals. I enchanted the car so that it hides your scent from monsters, makes it impossible for anyone other than you and people of your choice to break in or hotwire, and can last longer than the original Z/28. Also, there's money, and a monster proof iPhone inside of it. The GPS of the phone can sense monsters, gods, and demigods. The phone has infinite storage, high definition camera, and has infinite life. Check the manual for the other upgrades and tricks this car can do. I'm afraid this is all I can give you, Perseus." "That's fine. Thanks again, milady." I said, giving her a hug. "If you want, can I send you somewhere?" she asked. I thought about it. I want to be as far away from the Greeks as possible. "San Francisco." I said. With that, she whisked us and the car to a green pasture near San Francisco. I gave her a hug again as thanks for everything she's done for me. I stepped into the car as Lady Hestia disappeared in a column of flames. Present I just Iris Messaged my mom and Paul. They're on a vacation in Arizona. I spent the next few days preparing for my trip there. For a while, I lived in a hotel (it took me a while to convince them to keep the Camaro Z/28 away from other people). Now, I'm packing up everything I have and be on my way to Arizona. I originally wanted Lady Hestia to send me there but I fear the Olympians will get suspicious so I decided to drive there. Hey, at least I'll have more time with the car, right? I wore a red jacket, dark blue shirt, jeans, Nike's, and sunglasses before slinging my backpack over my shoulder. I returned my hotel key and went to my car. I started up the car before stepping on the pedal. I had the time of my life! So far, no monsters, gods, or demigods have turned up on my GPS (Red means monsters, blue means demigods, and gold means gods. There was a manual in the glove box). But hey, something had to happen along the way. My GPS showed that there was a demigod and a couple of monsters to my right, where there was a forest. I stopped the car near the road, turned it off, walked out, locked it, flipped my hood up, and ran to where the dots appeared. There, I saw five centaurs ganging up on someone. They looked more savage and mean than the Party Ponies, though. I drew Riptide and lobbed a fireball at one, destroying him. The other four charged at me with their axes. I drew Katropis with my other hand and fought them. One tried to take my head off but I blocked his axe with Riptide and stabbed his neck with Katropis. Another tried to ram me. I sidestepped and threw Katropis into the back of his neck, only for me to get knocked down to the ground by the last two. They laughed and mocked me like I was just an infant hellhound. "You are no child of Rome." one of them hissed. Did they just say ROME? Suddenly, one of the wild centaurs fell down, with a golden dagger on the back of his head. The other one stupidly turned back to the one they were ganging up on, so I cut his head off with Riptide. Then, I looked at whoever they attacked, and damn! She was the most beautiful person I have ever seen. The girl was probably two years younger than me, part Cherokee, wavy chocolate brown hair, and those kaleidoscopic eyes...Anyway, she was wearing a torn purple t-shirt, an equally damaged snowboarding jacket, jeans, and shoes. I could've sworn I saw marks on her right arm. Out of curiosity, I put my hood off, and reached for them. "Who are you? Are you with the augur?" she asked. "Name's Percy Jackson. And no, I don't know what you're talking about." I replied. She suddenly grabbed my right arm and pulled down my jacket sleeve. A second later, the girl backed away. "You're not from Camp Jupiter. You're a graecus, but you didn't try to kill me." she muttered. "What the heck are you talking about? Why would I try to kill you? I just saved you from getting hacked to death." I asked. "Look, I'll explain everything. You have any supplies?" I just summoned a warm box of pizza in my hand. I handed it to her. "Uh...clothes?" she asked again. I groaned as I ran to my Z/28, grabbed a green t-shirt and blue jacket, ran back, and gave it to her. "Where have you been?" the girl asked.