Hello! This is my first story on FanFiction. I hope you enjoy it, and even if you don't please review! I don't care if it's advice, hate or approval of my writing. I'm so excited and nervous about posting this! Thankfully, I have a lovely friend who has convinced me to post this story. Well, here it goes. Oh and before I start here are some things for you to know about the characters: Edward and Bella are both in college, Emmett didn't know Bella until he met her today. Jasper and Emmett both enrolled into the Army together, but as you will find out later in the story, Jasper returns sooner than Emmett. Jasper and Alice have been dating since she was freshman in high school. Alice and Rosalie are both seniors now. Emmett and Rosalie have been dating since she was a sophmore in high school. They are all friends with each other. Hope you enjoy! XXX Emmett POV. Two years and six months, in the Army. Almost a whole year since, I last saw anyone I cared about. I'm Emmett McCarty and I am twenty years old. I was eighteen when I decided to join. Fresh out of high school, I was ready to fight for my country. But I wasn't ready for leaving behind my family, friends, or her. By the time, I realized I didn't want to have to go more than three days without seeing her, it was too late. I had been immediately accepted and was shipped off within the next two weeks. She stood by my decision, claiming she was proud of me. But I could see the pain in her eyes, how she would always look away when I mentioned my upcoming departure. I never regretted joining the Army. And I doubt I ever will. To my family, fighting for America, was the highest honor anyone could receive, even if it meant dying for your country. That's how my Dad left this world. My old man had been a Devil dog since he was twenty seven, fought for a good fifteen years. He was then, placed on Reserve Duty. The Marines deemed him active again, after he was gone for a year. He was deployed to Iraq, and he never came home. They say an explosion went off, he was a few feet away. He had been trying to help a little boy find his mother, both were killed instantly. My family and I had lived in Gatlinburg, Tennessee since I was born. But after my father was killed, my mom quickly moved us to Forks, Washington. I think she chose that place because it was one of the farthest states from our hometown. She was a strong woman, but my dad passing away was too much for her. Since I was the only one going to High School, while my three sisters and brother went to Junior High, my mother insisted I drove them all to their school. I remember every argument on the way to school, ranging from what music we were listening to (which was usually Country) to who took my lip gloss. To say that I hated my family was a dead wrong accusation. My family was the only thing I had and cherished. Especially, my youngest sister, Amelia. She was the quietest, which was strange since she was a McCarty. But she was passionate about fighting for our country, that was where the McCarty was at in kept telling me, how one day she was going to join the Military. Yet, she was still unsure of what branch to join. I wonder if she's changed her mind about that by now. I ran my calloused hand through my short hair, I couldn't wait for my curls to grow back. She always loved my dark brown curls, she almost cried when I returned the first time with my head shaved. I felt a twinge of pain starting in my left thigh. Shit, I need my pain killers, now. I cursed, as the throbbing increased. I searched my pockets, hastily. I needed to find the meds, before the pain become unbearable. I found the small orange bottle filled with the answer to my problems in my chest pocket. I popped open the lid, and dry swallowed two pills. After a few minutes, the pain in my leg simmered down. I called over the flight attendant, her light blonde hair shined in the low lights of the plane. She was attractive, in a simple way. Nothing like my girl. My girl. I loved saying that. I think she's the only one who doesn't know about my homecoming. Or at least if Alice hasn't spilled it to her. I swear if that little pixie gave away anything, I will hold her upside by her ankles. I wonder if Jasper would let me get away with that. "Sir? May I help you with something?" The woman asked me, her light brown eyes scanning over my Army uniform. She gave me a slightly, suggestive smile, but her eyes were dancing with expectation. Back in the old days, before I had my girl, I would've asked this pretty little thing for her number, then hit it and quit it. But I had Rose, now. And she was all I needed. All I ever really wanted. I gave her a timid smile, and said, "Do you know how much longer until we land in Washington?" Her eyes dulled, and her lips pulled into a tight smile. "We'll be landing in 20 minutes, sir. Anything else?" She said, her tone snippy. She turned on her heel, before I could say another word. Well, damn. No need to get snippy just because I won't sleep with you. I thought to myself. I swear, it's like women just want a one night stand more than a marriage, now days. I'm glad Rosie isn't like that. Or at least, I hope she hasn't changed her mind about being with me. I know, I sort of pushed her last year, to try to see other guys. Just in case, I didn't make it home like my father. But I sure as hell, hope she didn't listen to me. I knew she tried dating this one guy, Royce. Real smooth talker, is what Jasper mentioned in one of his letters. He was one of those spoiled rich kids, that Rosalie used to always date. His dad owned the Port Angeles Bank, so he must have met her there. She was always going to the bank, taking out money to get unnecessary presents for people. From what, Alice wrote in her letters to me, he was six feet tall and had blonde hair and pale blue eyes and a total ass. Alice kept saying how she just knew that Royce wasn't going to be good for Rosalie. And at this time, I was already slipping into a depression. I should've been happy, knowing she was following my pleas, but I was so hurt that she was moving on. A couple of weeks went by, I hadn't received letters from anyone. I was freaking out. Thoughts of something terrible happening kept replaying in my head. Then I got a letter from Jasper saying, that everything was okay. Rosalie had broken off the relationship with Royce for unknown reasons. And everyone had been trying to figure out what had happened between the two, and Alice finally got Rose to open up. The bastard hit my Rosie. He left bruises on her beautiful skin. Royce damaged my perfect flower. The night I got that letter, was the same night, I got in a fight. With some guy who had blonde hair and pale blue eyes. All I could see was the image of the bastard who I had built-in my mind. I broke his nose and two of his ribs, along with bruising his spleen. I would've done more, if I hadn't have been pulled off. I apologized profusely, to him, the next morning. He understood my anger, seeing as how his fiancée left him four months ago for another man But now I was going home. I would get to see her. I would get to hold her in my arms. And look into those beautiful violet eyes. If she still wanted me, that is. I knew the one true thing Rosalie Lilian Hale had always wanted her entire life. A family. And that was what I fully intended to give to her this time. ~thirty minutes later~ After stepping off the plane, and going through security check, and claiming my baggage, I spotted my ride home. With some chick. "Eddie! My man, it has been way too long." I cheered, as I clasped his shoulder with my large hand. I noticed the little brunette, staring intensely at my cane. "Don't worry, I'm only gonna have this scary cane for a few months. Then I'll just be limping for the rest of my life." I said to the girl, smiling cheerily. She blushed a deep red, biting her bottom lip. Her doey brown eyes were casted at her old worn out converse. "Emmett, leave Bella alone. And don't call me Eddie. You know I hate that nickname." He grumbled, pinching the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger. Ha! Eddie likes this Bella chick. Well, she is cute. In an innocent, plain kinda way. I thought to myself. "I'm Isabella Swan, but you can call me Bella. I've heard a lot about you, Emmett." Bella said, sticking out her hand to shake mine. I grasped her hand, surprised by her firm grip. "Bells, can I call you Bells? Eddie boy, here should've told you that I don't do handshakes, I do hugs." I belted out, as I scooped her into a giant bear hug. I heard a groan from Edward, as he complained at me to put her down. "Don't be jealous, Edward. I'm sure Bells would love to hug you, if you let her." Bella's face turned a light red, as she crossed her arms over her chest. She's a shy one. I reminded myself. "Take me home, Edwin. Bella, you can ride shotgun. I'm gonna stretch out my legs in back." I said, as I half walked, half limped over to Edward's gray Volvo. "Are you sure? I don't mind sitting in back." Bella offered, as she reached for one of my suitcases. Shit, I forgot my bags. I'm gonna seem like such a douche for letting her carry them. "I gott'em Bells. Now go sit up front with Edward and let's get this show on the road." I yelped, pumping my fist into the air. She giggled and slid into the passenger seat, as I threw my duffle bags into the backseat with me. I managed to fix myself in his tiny car, and it didn't help that I had an injured leg. I propped my bad leg onto the bags and rested my head against the window, with my cane resting on my chest and stomach. "So how did you two lovebirds meet?" I asked, because I am a nosy motherfucker and no one told me about Eddie getting a girlfriend. "We're not dating, Emmett." Edward stated, too quickly. He liked her. That was obvious enough. I looked into Bella's mirror, to see her reaction. I saw pain reflected in her eyes and a slight blush on her cheeks. She liked him too. "Well, y'all need to start soon. Because even a blind man could tell y'all like each other. And I've only been back for fifteen minutes." I yawned, stretching my arms behind my head. ~An hour later~ The rest of the ride, consisted of seeing how many times it was possible to make Bella blush within thirty minutes. Twenty slight blushes, five full on red blushes. Score. When we pulled in my driveway, I sucked in a breath. My brother and sisters would still be