Author's Note: My first fanfiction in a long, long while, so I sincerely hope that I still have some talent left for it. A one-shot for Katniss/Gale, that, hopefully, doesn't have too many mistakes. Please let me know what you think! Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games or the characters in any way. Katniss breathed shallowly as she gazed past the arrow in her strung bow. The young buck slowly made his way through the knee high snow, his ears twitching for any sound while he tried to find a tree with some edible bark left. The winter so far had been terribly unforgiving and had plagued District 12 and its surrounding forests with snowfalls that lasted for days and nights so cold they could freeze off any limb left in the open. Katniss had to repress a shudder as she remembered one of the miners that had been brought to her mother's hut only days ago. Katniss vaguely remembered his family and their little home, which was amongst the smallest and unstable huts in the mining district. The door and walls had shown openings and cracks that the miner's wife had tried to pad up with strips of cloth. When the miner had been brought in, his wife had told them how their fire had been extinguished during the night and how she had found her husband in the morning. Prim had pulled away the cloth hiding the miner's ankle and she had flinched a little. Against better judgement, Katniss had dared a peek as well, but when she saw the raw flesh on the miner's foot where previously a set of toes had been, she felt her breakfast coming up fast and had to sprint from the hut. Katniss slightly shook her head and repositioned her arrow towards the buck, which had moved a small distance to the left. Taking a small breath and a hopeful thought about a nice dinner with venison, Katniss released the arrow. At that very moment, the young buck got spooked from something else than the soft pang of the arrow being released and turned and ran swiftly through the snow, zigzagging through the dense trees and denying Katniss another shot. Katniss released a soft grunt of disbelief and frustration as her arrow embedded itself in a nearby spruce and quickly pulled another arrow and released it after the departing buck anyway, despite the minimal chance of reaching him. For a moment she considered running after the animal, but she discarded the thought as quickly as it had appeared. She was sure footed, especially in these woods, but the knee high snow would drain her stamina so quickly, she wouldn't stand a chance against the buck's swift, hopping escape. Instead of hunting down the buck again, Katniss suddenly turned and gazed around for the cause of the buck's early retreat. The forest looked as they always had, but coated with a thick layer of snow on the hills and the bare branches of the trees and brush. Katniss narrowed her eyes as her eyes fell on a firm branch of a nearby tree and the person who had made himself comfortable on that branch. Sitting with his back against the tree's trunk and his legs outstretched along the branch sat Gale with a crooked smirk on his face. "You really ought to shoot straight next time, Catnip. You're not bringing any dinner on the table this way." Gale stretched in his tree and hopped down from the branch, plopping down softly in the thick layer of snow. Katniss' hands tightened slightly on her bow as she looked Gale up and down. Something in his stance had changed over the last couple of weeks. A hint of arrogance, perhaps. "I'm not bringing home any dinner because you scare away any prey I encounter!" she snapped at him. Then in a softer tone, "Gale. This is the third prey you chased away in less than two weeks. You know how scarce food is right now. All I've been able to catch was a couple of measly rabbits and a skunk that tasted as bad as it reeked." For just a moment Gale seemed to have a glint of guilt in his steely grey eyes, but it disappeared as fast as it had come. He shrugged and smirked again. "Maybe it's not me that is the problem here, Catnip. Maybe it's your-" Katniss cut his words short by pushing past him and scowling at him over her shoulder as she padded through the snow, following the trail the buck had left behind. "Don't you dare say it's my aim, Gale. Don't you dare." Katniss made her way through the thick snow with a scowl on her face that darkened as she heard Gale follow her. As the first snow had begun to fall Gale had begun acting increasingly strange. Scaring away prey was the least of them, but today it was enough to bring Katniss and her temper on edge. He had begun by simply being in her way. During hunts he would take the lead, which Katniss was fine with, but when he had started blocking shots in his enthusiasm to take the shot himself, Katniss had started to wonder what he was on about. He had also being strangely protective, which he had always been, but he had added an arrogant edge to it that set Katniss' hairs on edge. When they had been tracking a boar, Gale and once again insisted on taking the lead. When they had tracked the animal to a dense underbrush that had still retained some of its greenery in that early winter, the boar had charged at them expectantly. Both Katniss and Gale had not been strangers to this situation and both of their reflexes would have allowed them to easily take down the boar with their arrows, but instead of allowing the shot, Gale had jumped on Katniss and taken her to the ground with him as the boar rushed past them and escaped. After that, he had brushed the incident off with a mix of arrogance and joking that had only confused Katniss even more. After that Katniss had begun to avoid him and started to hunt by herself, being more successful without having Gale around to distract and confuse her. He started to barge in on her solitary hunting trips, though, just like he did now. "Oh please, we both know you can't stay mad at me", Gale snickered behind her. "But the winter is still so very long, Gale, and I am confident in my ability to hold a grudge", Katniss spat back. She lost her footing for a moment as she stepped in a small indent in the ground hidden by the snow. As she regained her footing, she felt Gale hover near her, which annoyed her even more. Whirling around, she set the tip of her bow against his chest and firmly poked him. "Keep your distance", she hissed and scowled at him. Gale seemed just as annoyed as her for a moment, and Katniss' hope to regain the old him rose, but then his arrogant smile reappeared on his face and her hope flickered out like a candle. "You don't like me so near, Catnip?" Gale spoke in that ridiculous voice he only reserved for imitating certain people, yet now he used it in no imitation of anybody and Katniss felt another pang of frustration. She turned around with a soft growl and stalked through the snow again, following the buck's imprints once more. Gale tried to get a conversation going on multiple occasions, but every time he tried Katniss would throw such a powerful glare over her shoulder that he fell silent once more. They thread through the snow for an hour or so, and Katniss could almost imagine that things were back to normal, when they would spend hours following faint trails through the forest. When she could no longer hear Gale's soft pacing behind her, though, Katniss stopped and gazed around her. Gale stood a little distance away and he had pulled his bow from his back, an arrow knocked. He was turned to the side and was looking upwards to the sky. His whole stance was so.. so normal.. so Gale that Katniss stared at him in longing and missed the words he uttered at first. She shook her head and gazed at Gale who looked at her in slight confusion, before repeating his words: "There's a storm coming. We should head back." Katniss was lost for another moment as his words bore not even the slightest hint of arrogance that he had adopted in the last few weeks. His words bore an observation that the old Gale would have made after which they would have returned to the district without argument. Now, though, Katniss frowned and regained the scowl as she remembered that she had stopped listening to Gale for now because he had been acting ridiculous and shook her head. "I am not going home empty-handed. Not again. And since you are the one that scared away the buck, why don't you go home and leave me be." Disbelief and annoyance appeared on Gale's face and once again Katniss had to fight the urge to believe the old Gale had made his return. "You can't be serious. I am not letting you go out in that storm by yourself." Katniss snickered. "You have done nothing else than let me down these past weeks. I'm better off on my own for now." She quickly turned when a sharp pang of guilt struck her side as she saw the hurt in Gale's steely eyes and began trudging off again. After a short moment, she heard Gale follow her. "Katniss, be realistic. You'll be snowed in if you continue. We're far beyond the lake and it will take us hours to get back because of the snow." "I don't know what you have been doing lately, but I have been trying to feed my family and have been unsuccessful because of you. I don't care how long it takes, I am catching something and bringing it home", Katniss growled back and stomped off through the snow against her better judgement. Gale was always right about the weather and even Katniss could see that the clouds were darkening and become heavier and heavier with snow. She continued on, though, driven by her frustration and annoyance with Gale, but also by her own stubbornness and the hollowness of Prim's cheeks this morning. Katniss continued to trudge through the heavy snow for a few minutes, when she came to a halt as snowflakes began to fall from the sky. She closed her eyes for a moment in order to push aside her pride and turned around to face Gale, who was looking at her with an uncertain expression. "Turn back", Katniss mumbled through her clenched teeth and Gale was wise enough not to smirk at her. Instead, he silently turned around and began following their own tracks back the way they had come. Gale lead the way for about half an hour and the snowfall steadily increased. As the snow started to climb higher and higher and sight decreased, Katniss' stubbornness began to decline just as steadily. "It's no use," she said as she shook the snow from her hair. "We have to find shelter now." Thoughts about having to dig a snow hole flicked through her mind and her gut clenched with the claustrophobic thought of being in such a small space for the remainder of the day and most likely the night. Gale eyed around through the heavy snowfall and rested his hand on a nearby boulder. "I am not sitting with you in an icy hole for who knows how long", he grumbled. "Well you are not the best company either, Gale!" Katniss snapped back. "I didn't mean it that way", Gale growled as he turned