Chapter 1: Girls in blue dresses I sit up with a loud gasp and my arms scratching at my chest, close to my heart. I keep my eyes closed for a long moment while I try to regain a normal breathing rhythm. The claustrophobic, closed in feeling slowly subsided, but I can't rid my brain of the memory of smoke and coal dust. What my mind remembers as my father's scream is no more than a figment of my imagination, but that doesn't make it seem any less real. After I shake off the nightmare, I notice Prim's absence. She's most likely curled up with mother, as she does now and then when she gets scared. Hell, even I am scared today, so I don't blame her for crawling close to mother. Today is the day of the Reaping for the Hunger Games, a yearly 'celebration' organized by the Capitol to remind the districts of the consequences of rebelling. Over seventy years ago, District 13 began the rebellion against the Capitol. The Capitol retaliated by bombing District 13 to the ground, leaving nothing but rubble and ruins. The keep the remaining districts under strict control, the Capitol issued the Hunger Games. Every year each district would provide one male and one female tribute to fight in an arena, from where only one living victor would arrive. I rise from the bed and sneak a quick peek at my mother's bed, and find Prim curled up next to her. She reminds me of a kitten sometimes, the way she curls up in her sleep. Her hair is as blonde as my mother's and both look so much younger in their sleep. Walking back into the other room and find my hunting clothes. I take a short moment to let my fingers run over my hunting jacket that belonged to my father. It's a big jacket for me and worn in most places, but the fabric is still strong and warm. I pull on some soft leather pants that has a bunch of leather straps to hang pouches from. I pull on a pair of long, cured boots and lastly the hunting jacket. On my way outside I notice a small white cheese on the kitchen table. It's wrapped so delicately in paper that Prim's touch is prominent. I take the cheese with a small smile and put it in my game bag for now, trying not to squash it. I slip out of the house as silently as a shadow. The sun has risen ever so slightly when I walk through one of the mining streets of the district. Our part of the district is nicknamed the Seam and it crawls with miners. I see the roof of the Hob in the distance, but I take a different turn towards the Meadow. The Meadow is a large outstretched piece of grassland that forms the edge of District 12. The edge is marked by a high electric fence that climbs several meters up in the sky and is topped with barbed wire. I take shelter in some underbrush for a moment to listen for any buzzing. The electric fence is rarely activated this time of year, but it's always wise to be careful. As I do not hear the faint buzzing an activated fence would emit, I swiftly find the gap in the fence and work my way underneath it. The moment I reach the tree line beyond the fence, I feel relief flood over me. This is where I am most comfortable and in my element. I trudge through the woods for about half an hour until I reach the hollow tree trunk where my bow and quiver are hidden. I let my fingers run over the strong wood and the feathers of the arrows, before slinging the quiver across my back and firmly grip the bow with my hand. The bow was crafted by my father and is both old and worn, but still effective and strong. The bow is, like my hunting jacket, one of the only things that I still have that belonged to my father, but it is so much more than just a trinket holding a memory. The bow has been the item that has kept me and my family alive. Father learned me how to shoot the bow when I was very young, and necessity has enhanced my skill further over the years. With food shortages and a lack of money, the game I brought home and sold at the Hob kept us fed enough to survive. I shake my head and sigh. One of the Capitol's favourite activities is trying to make us believe that we are better off here in the districts, than outside in the wilderness. The electric fence protects us from predators and in exchange for work, we get food. The Capitol's propaganda seeks to make us believe we should be grateful. But starving during winter months does not much in the Capitol's favour, at least not in the Seam. "The Capitol provides us with safety to starve in! How good they are to us!" I mutter softly, pulling a weak imitation of Effie Trinket. Effie Trinket is the districts representative in the Hunger Games. She comes originally from the Capitol, as does her colourful wig collection and wardrobe. My thoughts are disturbed when I arrive in a small clearing that provides a pleasant view of the nearby valley. I look around the clearing and observe the nearby trees. It is not often I am first to arrive here. My suspicions are confirmed when a lump of bread comes flying at me. I catch it with my free and bring it to my nose with a smile. The bread still smells faintly of the oven and of spices, making this kind of bread a rarity for any who live in the Seam. Jumping from a nearby tree comes Gale, which brings yet another smile to my face. He bows deeply when he lands and I allow a soft applause by clapping the hand holding my bow against my thigh. "Hey Catnip", says Gale, and I suppress a wince at that nickname. After mishearing it when we first met, Gale has never let that nickname go. "Morning Gale", I greet him back and break the loaf of bread in half, throwing the other half back at him. "That's some good bread", I pull the cheese from my bag and show it to Gale. "That and Prim's cheese will give us a downright feast." Gale fake lunges at my hand bearing the cheese and over dramatically falls to the ground near my feet. "Oh mighty Catnip! So brave to trespass in the wilderness and defy the Capitol! Have some mercy and share some cheese with this pitiful peasant.." I suppress a grin and yank him upwards again, then gently break the cheek into two. Gale immediately continues his act. "Oh merciful Catnip, thank you for-" I cut him off by firmly kicking his shin while muttering something dark. "Okay, okay." Gale grins as she grabs his shin for a moment, while balancing his bread and cheese in his other hand. His seriousness returns to his face as he spreads the cheese on the bread and takes a large bite. I realize I'm staring at him and turn my gaze away to do the same. "So what do you want to do today?" Gale asks me as he slumps down beside me in the tall grass, taking another bite from his bread. "Well, if your aim has improved since last week, I say we see if we can flush some rabbits out. Maybe finds some pheasants on the way." Gale snickers a little as I mention last week. We spend nearly every Sunday hunting and working up a small stock of meat and stuff to sell at the Hob to get through the week. Last week Gale had been so engrossed with insulting the Capitol that his aim with his bow had suffered and he had wasted his chances on catching some fine rabbits. Besides hunting, insulting the Capitol in the safety of the wilderness was Gale's favourite occupation. The week before that very Sunday had been a rough one, as the Peacekeepers had kicked and hit a young girl because she was out after curfew. Overall the Peacekeepers were quite decent in our district, but as soon as citizens grew a little bit too daring, they would set an example. Gale knew the girl, who was friends with his little brother Vick, and I had been forced to sort of drag him into the woods to prevent him from retaliating on the Peacekeepers. "Trust me, there is nothing wrong with my aim", Gale mutters and rises as he had finished his bread. I follow him as he leads the way. The patch were we usually flush out rabbits and pheasants alike is not far away, but as we get close we stop talking and soften our footsteps. I let Gale shoot, while I flush, and as soon as I am in position, I sign him to be ready. Gale draws his bow and lets the arrow rest against his cheek as he quietly nods at me. His stance is perfect, something I pride myself in having taught him that. Gale looks like a lynx during hunting, holding perfectly still while tensing up, ready to strike at precisely the right moment. I shake my head as I find myself staring at him in a strange trance. I catch his eyes and there is a mix of amusement and confusion in his steely grey eyes. I can feel my cheeks flush for a reason I am not willing to acknowledge and sprint from my cover, flushing rabbits and pheasants alike from the dense underbrush. Gale manages to bring down two big pheasants as they take to the air in an attempt to escape and I manage to bring down a rabbit with a quick draw of my bow. As we gather our loot, I congratulate him. "Congratulations, Master Hawthorne, it seems your aim was returned to thee." I make an effort to imitate his earlier accent and the result is pitiful, but Gale laughs nevertheless. He doesn't often laugh out loud and I grin at the sound of it. We gather the rabbit and pheasants and return the way we came, back towards the district and back towards a world we both want to escape. "I wish we could keep doing this", I sigh as we walk back. "Do what? Hunting?" Gale looks briefly over his shoulder as we scale a small hill. I nod at him. "Things will be different after this year's Reaping, will they not?" I increase my pace a little so that I can look to the side and see Gale's face. He wears a stony expression, but I know that anger smoulders underneath. This year is Gale's last Reaping, because he turned eighteen his year. Soon he will find a job in the mines and accompany the other miners into the depths of the earth in search of coal. He will have only one free day in the week, Sunday, but it is still uncertain if we can even spend that day hunting together. "I don't want things to change", Gale says, his voice just as stony as the expression on his face. "But sometimes change is necessary." I nod sadly. The mining job will give Gale a bigger income than he can gather with hunting, but mining is a dangerous profession. We both know that better than anyone as we both still have nightmares about our fathers being crushed in the mines. I only have my mother and Prim to feed, but Gale still has two more siblings to take care of. For a moment I feel the need to lift his spirits, but then I remember that it won't help, not today. Today is a grim reminder of