The cruel words had echoed constantly though his head, pounding against his skull like a rabid wolf. "He's dead! Took a little tumble off the cliff!" Legolas closed his eyes briefly as the words repeated themselves. Despite his inner pain; he kept silent. He did not argue when Theoden had told them to leave the dead; he rode with the rest of Rohan in silence. He dared not speak lest his voice deceive him. The pain and grief were too overwhelming for him, the denial, anger, and sorrow were slowly killing him from the inside. It hurt, yes it hurt greatly and it was likely that if Legolas was not such a proud elf that he would have broken down sobbing by now. But no. No, he remained completely silent. Although his body language did deceive his stoic expression, he was tense. It was easy to see and easy to feel. His shoulders were squared, his frame not showing any of the signs of exhaustion that everyone else so evidently felt. His hands gripped the reigns non to lightly either, though only his right hand had begun to seep small tendrils of crimson blood. The dark shade of red contrasting with the elf's pale skin. This was because in his right hand Legolas held the Evenstar. In his grief he unconsciously gripped it tighter then he did the reigns, he needed some way to express his rampage of emotions. He barely even noticed let alone cared that his hand had begun to bleed. The thing that gave him away the most; however, was his eyes. Although the rest of the princeling's body language and expression betrayed his true feelings, his eyes held true to his turmoil. His cerulean eyes were darkened with pain. His normally brilliant and hope filled blue eyes held despair and sorrow. In truth it was taking Legolas all he had left within him to stop himself from breaking down. Gimli, who had been watching the elvish prince carefully since the discovery of Aragorn's fall, let out a gruff cough in order to break the thick silence that the elf had brought upon them. Legolas didn't even appear to have noticed the disruption. "Oy, laddie...you've been awfully quiet haven't ye?" Gimli asked from behind the blonde. It was true Legolas wasn't really that big of a talker, not like Merry and Pippin were, but this silence was unnatural. Legolas swallowed hard shoving back the wicked words that hissed in his ears. "I see no reason to speak as of yet," he replied keeping his voice just as monotone and stoic as he kept his features. Gimli frowned hearing the detached sound in the prince's voice. "Now lad, you can't really think that can ye? Surely you can not be so numb to what has happened to Aragorn." he asked disbelievingly. Legolas involuntarily winced hearing the half elf's name. It came down upon his heart like a mighty bolt of lightning, "..There is nothing to be said," he said. Legolas prayed to the Valar that Gimli hadn't caught the hesitance that had given way in his words. "It...is behind us, we can not afford to look back when there is so much at stake ahead." he said. Though it was a struggle to keep his voice even this time; the pain grew like a wild fire in his chest. It hurt so much to reject his pain, to pretend as if he cared not of his lover and best friends death. Little did the elfing know that Gimli had caught the pause, but he decided that it was not the best idea to mention that to the prince. Seeing as his elvish pride would only get in the way and the acknowledgement of such weakness would only be taken offensively and be responded to with anger. Legolas bit his tongue willing the hitches in his breathing down as he gripped the reigns even tighter then he had before. He didn't even register the searing pain in his hand. "You're bleeding!" Gimli cried suddenly. Legolas lowered his gaze to his hand when he heard the dwarf's distressed cry. He wasn't all that interested in his pain though, he stared down at his once pale hand that was now streaked with dark crimson blood. His hand trembled lightly as he unclenched his fingers from their uncomfortable strenuous position and uncurled his fingers that protested at the now unfamiliar sensation of being straightened. Legolas's eyes fell upon the bright jewel that Aragorn had worn around his neck. He couldn't look away. The almost heavenly glow of the brilliantly white gem only seemed to mock his pain. Aragorn...his Aragorn. Suddenly the wicked tongue's blackened words returned at full force in his mind. He nearly cringed as his ears were assaulted with the cruel words that had haunted his mind for hours. " He's dead! Took a little tumble off the cliff!" Legolas quickly closed his fingers around the necklace; unable to look at it any longer. The pain was great...too great. Too great for even his elvish endurance, too much for his elvish pride, neither could bear this type of suffering for very long. Aragorn...Aragorn, his lover his best friend his companion...his Aragorn...was dead. And all Legolas could do was sit there...in silence. ... Legolas had remained silent the rest of the ride to Helms Deep. Gimli had tried in vain to engage him in another conversation, but this time Legolas knew better then to respond. Knowing that he could no longer trust his voice. He kept silent. The joy that flooded the area when the few riders that had survived arrived at the Keep did less then little to ease Legolas's grief. He dismounted Arod without a word, he could hear Eowyn speaking to Theoden. He could hear the eagerness and apprehension in her words as she spoke. He did not need to see her face to know that she was wondering where Aragorn was. Legolas knew before when they first arrived at Rohan that Eowyn had become slightly enamored with Aragorn, not in love so much as deep affection. He could still remember how Aragorn had merely laughed when Legolas had told him this, he had just patted Legolas's hair gently and given him a chaste kiss. Legolas nearly cringed remembering how Aragorn had gazed at him with the slightest hint of amusement sparkling in his grayish blue eyes. Oh Valar! How it hurt to remember his face...his beautiful face that Legolas had gazed at for so many years. Legolas dared not look back as he heard Gimli explain what had happened during the battle, he didn't need to see her or even hear her. He could feel the shock and despair consume her. And it caused hot fresh waves of same feelings to wash over Legolas once more. It was all too much. Legolas turned away unable to hide the cringe that appeared on his face. He couldn't take this any longer! He could not bear this retched painful silence any longer! With this thought in mind Legolas made his way swiftly to the stairs, gently shoving past people, eager to be alone so that he could voice his inner turmoil and not have to face the judgmental eyes of others. In his rush he barely registered Eowyn's surprise when he walked past her. "Master Elf where are you going to with such haste?" she questioned. Legolas bit down hard on his lip close to drawing blood he forced himself to speak an excuse. "Pardon my rush Lady Eowyn, but I can not linger here." he said and walked away disappearing into the large crowds of people. Legolas walked for what felt like hours until he finally reached an area that must have been at the other side of the great fortress. Silence...finally..he was alone, out of sight and out of mind to everyone else. It took no longer then a moment for this to register in the elf's head and when it did he let out a loud scream that had been tearing at his insides. It struck through the crisp air like an arrow, filling those who heard it with pity. Pity for the creature who let out such a pain and grief stricken cry. It was only when Legolas felt his throat burn did he stop, he felt all his resolve and defenses shatter beneath him. He fell to his knee's his hands pressed against the ground in front of him to hold his shaking form up. His hair cascaded like silk down his shoulders framing the sides of his face with golden curtains. His bright blue eyes shut themselves against the sight of the world that had taken his one lover away from him. Shimmering crystal droplets made there way down the young prince's now flushed face. Defeated sobs and cries filled with the pain that he had been forced to hold in poured from his mouth like a flowing river. "Why!..Why why why!" he cried out slamming his hand against the hard rock that the fortress was built with. He registered a sharp pain in his hand again and briefly opened his eyes to see blood on the cold stone, he blinked through his tears and lifted his hand up to see the Evenstar still clutched in his hand. He stared down at the heavenly glowing gem, his brows furrowed and his lip quivered as memories of his deceased lover invaded his head once more. He shut his eyes against the tears that fell down his face and to the accursed image of the Evenstar that only proved to bring forth painful memories of Aragorn. Legolas closed his fingers around the necklace again hiding it from view. "...Why does this happen," he sobbed. "Why does this always happen!" he cried in distress. And his only reply was the cool breeze that swept against his tearstained face. He shuddered as his sobs wracked his slim frame. "Why does this happen to everyone I love!" Legolas gasped in shaking breaths as he cried hunching over slightly as the force of his tears grew greater and greater. He nearly felt ashamed, that he Legolas, a great warrior and Prince of Mirkwood...was now reduced to this shaking sobbing mess that could do nothing but curl into a ball. Legolas could do nothing and that's what he did. All he could do was cry and ask questions that no one would answer. So he cried..over and over and over. "Why!...Why why WHY!" ... Legolas sobbed softly as he sat in one of the gardens of Rivendell. His body shook and he was unable to stop the tears from running down his face any longer. So Legolas, the proud prince, submitted helplessly to the overpowering force of his pain. So wrapped up in himself; Legolas failed to notice the soft barely detectible footfalls behind him. "Why do you insist on putting yourself through this, Legolas." The blonde's head jerked up rapidly causing his golden tresses to fly from his face. He automatically recognized the voice of the other. "L-Lord Elrond," he exclaimed in surprise his voice was shaking and sounded feeble to his own ears. He brushed his hair from his face tucking strands behind his pointed ears, rubbing furiously at his eyes, trying to regain his composure. Not like it would help him very much, after all he was far beyond his ability to control his emotions at this point and it was not as though Elrond would be fooled by his attempts. As if able to read the young prince's mind Elrond silently walked closer to the blonde. "You can not fool me with that stoic facade you put up Legolas," he chided softly. Legolas knew that already, he knew it all too well. It was one of the many things that Aragorn and Elrond had in common. They were never fooled by any of the cool masks that Legolas put on when he didn't want the world