First attempt at Percy Jackson, wish me Luck DISCLAIMER: I. OWN. NOTHING. Chapter One: New Beginnings As is the usual case, in the beginning of the universe there was nothing. Yet there was then two beings formed, one of light and one of dark. They both had sought each other, and when they met, both were destroyed, leaving their life blood spread across the worlds and stars. The very fabric of the universe shook at this, and as such a creature was born, exemplifying all that was in the primordial universe, chaos is what brought it forth, therefore that was his name. And first did Chaos bask in all that was dark, and so came Tartarus. For did he then forgo the darkness for the light, and as such did Eros come into reality. Then did he search solace in the lands between light and dark, and there rose the first being of shadow, Gaia. Along this path did Erebus and Nyx emerge from the dark, claiming him as their father. From the light manifestation Aether came the ruler of skies, Ouranos, and as such did he fall into intimacy with the daughter of Chaos, Gaia. For many timeless eons passed, till the ruler's own blood did betray him with the aid of Gaia, and as such did Kronos rise to his throne as king of Titans. And lo, as man does now say, ye who know not of your own history shalt indeed be bound to repeat it, Zeus son of Kronos claimed the throne from his father in righteous fury. Then did the line of gods grow, as did their power. For as they grew, so did their fame. Word upon word was spread of the feats of the deities, of their strengths and sacrifices. With each did their power grow, for their own strengths grew as belief in them did. Yet the world of old would fade, and few would even remember their existence. In the end, Chaos himself had decided to take a hand, lest he fade as time grew onward. A mortal woman had captured his eye, and, for the first time since time immemorial, he manifested physically. Unruly black hair, red eyes, and a lopsided grin characterized him. Many years did he spend with that woman, a word rebounded in his mind that had never done so before. The word was love, pure and beautiful in its simplicity. A child was to be had between them, a mortal half-blood of great and terrible strength. The blood of Chaos would run through his veins, giving him the will of ancients. This had never in all of eternity happened before, and as such was never to happen again, for the spawn of Chaos is miraculous indeed. A repeated tapping sound was heard throughout the testing room as Rorick Lan Morta, (hint, that's me,) was thinking about a question on the test in front of me. The tapping coming from the repeated smacking of my pencil onto the table, which all in all was making the teacher altogether pissed off at me. My hair, being black and unruly, moved to one side as I tried to consider the answer to the question in front of me. A ten year old in a calculus class, not a sight most would see as correct. My crimson eyes flashed back and forth across the paper before going ahead and turning it in, earning glares from most of my classmates. After a few more hours of intense work and finally grading, it turns out I was revealed to have top marks. It was the final exam of the year, meaning I could finally return home. A grin touched my face, it had been months since I last saw my mother, it really might as well have been longer though. She was constantly abused by her husband, my stepfather. The bastard would often come home drunk, having spent all of my mother's hard earned money on alcohol. He had no sense of decency, feeling her and hitting her regardless of whether or not she wanted it. The moment I entered my house, I heard screams, my mother's screams. No matter how fast I ran, I just couldn't make it in time, the sight I saw chilled my soul and hardened my heart. The man who had the nerve to call himself my stepfather was ripping the clothes off my Mother's corpse. After a small run to the kitchen to grab some knives, I held it against his throat, slowly pushing him against a wall behind him. I felt no fury, no remorse, only need, need to bring suffering to the man in front of me. Holding another knife in my off hand, I dragged the tip against any part of skin that would harm him, but not kill him. The best part, to put it lightly, was that I made sure he couldn't rape anyone else ever again. He strangled her, that was the screaming, why it cut off, he killed her. A moment passed of staring at the corpse in front of me, I dropped the knife, and wept. Back then, things were always starting to look dark, but this was too much for my age. Something was in my mother's hand, a pendant made of what seemed to be onyx. I opened it to find something that shattered me even more, a picture of her holding me, with my true father standing at her side. That night was horrific, impossibly painful. I ran, just ran until I could run no more, then I ran again, this just happened continuously. Eventually I simply collapsed out of exhaustion, and the dreams came. Dreams of my father, of old golds, of prophecies being defied and remade. Dreams of Chaos, if you will. I awoke to find a great black hound glaring at me, with crimson eyes not unlike my own. It snarled, I growled back, this continued for some time before more of the pack appeared, that was a pretty good hint to run again. Minutes passed as I ran, before noticing the hounds being picked off by arrow after arrow. The final hound looked confused as a silver shaft sprouted from its forehead. A woman looking no older than thirteen strode towards me, herself glowing sliver. After a moment I realized that there were more hunters, or rather huntresses, there. Most were glaring at me for no reason in particular, I found myself still looking at the first woman I saw. Her eyes glinted silver, her raven black hair hung just below her shoulders, she walked with a grace that was mesmerizing to say the least. I had barely noticed when she held a knife to my throat, a nice attempt at looking menacing I guess. Honestly at that point I felt no need to live and simply said, "I've already had enough pain, you killing me would be a blessing to put it lightly, so hurry up and do it." She stared at me, clearly shocked by my words, words no-one my age should have even considered saying. A sudden headache permeated in my mind, to which I winced, slowly she lowered her blade. Her eyes showed pity, something that I just couldn't bear, as she walked back to the rest of the huntresses. A few quick words were exchanged, as a flash of sanguine light blazed in front of me. I relived every painful moment in that flash of light, every abuse on me and my mother, every insult, every pain. Most of the hunt was now staring at me as silent tears coursed down my cheeks. Artemis, that was her name, the thought came to my mind unspoken, communicated to me by her. It looked like she gained a glimpse from when she prodded at my mind earlier, that's what the headache was. Whatever that red light was, she now knew what I went through, every moment. She froze, slowly turning around to face me. Her face showed anger, showed pity, but huge amounts of sorrow were held in that gaze, she yet again strode towards me, before I realized that her eyes were watering. A loud gasp was let out as she embraced me, coming from the hunt. Slow heaving sobs were let out from her for a while, slowly stopping as my own tears did so. "I-I don't know what just happened lady Artemis, but I'm sorry that-," She slapped me. Now the anger in her gaze came into play as she glared at me, "You have no reason at all to apologize. If anything I should feel bad about the way I treated you right then, horrible really." More dumbfounded looks came from the hunt, all of them now glaring at me as their Mistress was still embracing me. "Don't you have somewhere to be my Lady? I'm personally worried about the looks your hunters are giving me." Artemis turned to look at them with disapproval, before turning back to me. "I'm going to offer you something no other man has been given, will you join the hunt?" Now that was a question of the ages, I a few things from the memory event, how it was a group devout on hating men, despising them. Of course, I could never truly be a part of the hunt, it was more of an honorary thing. Then again, I had just lost everything I had, however small those things were, looking down I saw the pendant dangling on my neck, everything that represented my past in one object. Mother would never had wanted me to give in to despair like I was. This was a new chance, something that could change the way things were going for me, however painful that they were. I gave a short nod to Artemis, who gave me a warm smile, gaining me the glares of the hunters, unfortunately. Time passed as I learned the way of the hunt, my first home away from home. I learned archery, handling knives, and of course hunting. Now, the kind of hunting I'm talking does not include fawns and rabbits, no, I'm talking about monsters. I started out small, with harpies, eventually getting to the point where I surpassed even the other hunters in my abilities. Speaking of the hunters, the past six years was more than enough time for me to work my way into our little family. There was a bit of a touchy subject when it came to my godly parent, so far my strengths are all over the place, when I say that I mean that I could use literally every power other demigods could. Fire sprang to my fingers when summoned, water rained as I called to it, lightning flared when I conjured it. Moving away from my powers, (it honestly take to long to boast about all of them,) the current beast that the hunt is going after is the Manticore. It was evidently holding itself as a teacher of a certain school, no doubt after some demigod, I was sent in to stalk it as the others waited for the creature to reveal itself. I was surprised to see Perseus Jackson to say the least, but the girl by his side I had no clue about till I was able to smell the ozone in the air. Thalia Grace, she should have been dead, long dead, I got there right after she was turned into that tree. I was the one who spent the time slowly killing her attackers, excluding the furies of course. In any case, Perseus had pulled out two demigods, one male, one female, and was talking to them. I moved up in the shadows, careful to remain entirely invisible. Annabeth Chase was also here, typical. Eventually I saw the Manticore reveal himself and attempt to kill Percy. Before the beast could land the first strike, I caught the spike that he was attempting to hurl