Harry Malfoy's Trials The First Chapter Harry Potter's Fall Little Harry Potter was four years old. He was short for his age, very short. He was only two and a half feet tall and skinny, miserably skinny. He had huge emerald green almond eyes, a rat's nest of black hair, and a thin face. Harry also wore a pair of broken round glasses that he constantly had to push up the bridge of his nose. He wore baggy, old, used clothes that was once his cousin Dudley's. He lived with his Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia on Number 4 Private Drive as according to his aunt and uncle his parents died in a car crash, which caused the lightning shaped scar on his forehead. Harry does not remember his parents, after all he was only four years old and his mum and dad died when he was only one, that said his Aunt Petunia would often glare at him, sneering at how much he looked like his dad but has his mother's eyes. Aunt Petunia wasn't nice to Harry. Neither of the Dursleys were nice to him. He slept in a cupboard under the stairs while his cousin Dudley had two bedrooms (one for him to sleep in and the other for his toys), had to do many chores while his cousin played and he was punished frequently for things he couldn't explain. Like how one day Dudley was chasing him and he ended up on a branch of a tree suddenly; or how the doors in the house suddenly locked and wouldn't open; and there was also the time where a trashcan somehow chased around Old Mrs. Figg's cats. Harry couldn't explain any of these occurrences, but for whatever reason the Dursleys decided to blame him and punished him for it, which was usually going to bed without any dinner or spending days without end in the cupboard surrounded by disgusting spiders and cobwebs. The four year old had little creativity, any of which was squashed by the Dursleys, but he did sneak in some toy soldiers into his small and cramped bedroom which allowed him to past the time he is stuck in there without growing completely bored. He was also a good runner. A very good runner for his small age. He had a lot of experience running away from Dudley and his friends. Today, for example, Harry was running in the local park, Dudley and his friends chasing after him. They were running away from the main play area and to a very small forest that was fenced in. Harry looked behind his back and marveled at the fact that for being quite a fat boy, Dudley could run for quite some distance. However, Harry was more worried about Piers who was a very, very fast runner for a four-year-old. The boy in question was only a foot behind Harry which caused the small Potter to run even faster. However Harry's legs tripped up causing the boy to fall, skidding on the grassy ground and causing his glasses to crack. "He fall! He fall!" Piers laughed. "Dudley he fall!" "I see," Dudley said catching up to Piers. They laughed at Harry as the small boy tried to struggle to his feet. The closest Harry reached was on his knees before Dudley pushed him down again. "What matter Harry? No get up?" Dudley laughed. "Stop it," Harry groaned as he tried to get up again, only to fall down. From the playground Vernon and Petunia Dursley was watching, Vernon chuckling. "Look at that Petunia darling, they're all playing nicely. A little rough fun does a boy good. You mark my words, nothing gets a group of boys closer together than rough play. Look! They're going to run again." Harry got up and started running. His heart started to pump faster and faster, he felt a cold sweat drenching his skin as he closed his eyes wishing he was somewhere, anywhere, away from the park. Even if that place was the cupboard with his toy soldiers. His legs felt as if lava was pouring through his veins, an angry burn ran through his muscles as he started running with a limp. "Harry! Come back!" Dudley yelled out as he and Piers chased him. "You're too fast! Fall again!" Harry continued running. He knew that if he could reach a street then the boys would stop chasing him. Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon always told Dudley, and only Dudley, not to run in the streets. He could see the fence that blocked the forest from the rest of the world and ran towards it, his lava-filled legs screaming in pain, his heart on the verge of a breaking point, his head pounding with fear. He was almost there, almost at the fence. He just had to jump and— A hand grasp Harry's ankle as he jumped and he felt his weight crashing down on the grass again. His body exploded in pain and he could hear the sickening crack of his glasses as his head collapsed on the ground. He turned to see Dudley holding onto his leg and pulling the small child towards him. "Where you going Harry?" he asked. Harry flinched, bracing himself the inevitable pain of his cousin's slap but it never came. Instead he was stopped by Aunt Petunia calling out, "Dudley! Dudley, it's lunch time!" "Lunch!" Dudley smiled, turning to Piers. "Let's go Piers!" He said gleefully as the two children all by forgotten about Harry and ran to eat. Harry winced as he slowly gotten up. His legs were still burning and his head throbbed painfully. He reached and rubbed it, his hands stopping before his scar. When he felt like he could walk again Harry started to, slowly making his way towards his Aunt and Uncle. His vision was severely limited; the cracks in his glasses made everything looked double and it was very difficult to judge distance. He only knew he was close to his aunt and uncle when he heard Aunt Petunia's angry voice, "Harry! What are you thinking breaking your glasses like that? Get over here!" Harry felt a soft hit on the back of his head and a pull from his arm as Aunt Petunia pulled him towards the park bench. "You think we're giving you lunch after this, you are wrong boy," she sneered. "Your uncle and I spend good money for these glasses and now we're going to have to fix them again." "Harry is so mean," Dudley said with his mouth so full of food that bits were spraying out as he talked. "He broke his glasses again." "If it were up to me I say let the boy run around blind," Uncle Vernon gaffed, "Letting him stumble around until his eyes fix themselves." "If we do that, how do you think the neighbors will think?" Aunt Petunia said. "They already know the boy can't see." "We can just tell them we've sent his in to get fixed," Uncle Vernon said. "If they ask we'll just say they keep getting delayed or something." "Vernon that'll won't last forever," Aunt Petunia said. "Well what else are we supposed to do Petunia darling? The boy's glasses cost us nearly two hundred to repair last time!" "Well this time we'll have to be sure the boy is more careful," Aunt Petunia said, looking down at Harry. Harry felt something bad in his stomach; he knew that whatever is going to happen he will be spending time in the cupboard. He was right. As soon as they've returned home the first thing Uncle Vernon did was shove Harry into the cupboard and locking the door after ripping his glasses off of his face.. "You are not coming out until your glasses are fixed boy, and then it is chores until you've paid your debt!" In the blurry darkness Harry felt for his toy soldiers. He had to swat away a couple of spiders that were crawling around them. Sitting on his bed with nothing else to do he played with his figures, making them march around the bed before engaging in battle which consisted of Harry smashing the toy soldiers against each other until he decided which one will fall. Minutes slowly turned into hours. He could hear his cousin and Piers upstairs, their playing causing dust to fall from the bottom of the stairs that was Harry's ceiling. His stomach started to growl but his door remained locked. Harry knew that if he knocked on the door he would only get in more trouble. So he continued to play and wait in the blurry darkness. When he got tired, he just collapsed on the bed until he woke up again. A day passed like this. Then two days. Then a third, and finally a fourth. On the fifth day the door was finally opened and Uncle Vernon's fat large frame stood in front of the door. "Don't break these ones," he threatened as he shoved the new glasses onto Harry's face. "Now go out and work on the garden. It needs weeding." "Yes Uncle Vernon," Harry said. He went outside and felt the unusually hot and sunny day's heat. Still in the same clothes from five days ago, Harry bent down and got on his knees before the small garden path that lined the walkway from the sidewalk to the front door. Using his hands, he spent the next hour pulling weeds as the hot sweltering sun's beams shined onto Harry's pale neck and arms. He was a sweaty mess when he was done and he didn't take two steps into the house before Aunt Petunia ordered him outside again. Taking a gardening hose she sprayed Harry "clean" before making him stand outside to dry. Harry used the time to quickly use the bathroom and walk inside to do his indoor chores which included vacuuming the entire first floor, doing the dishes, and helping Aunt Petunia with dinner, which was the first meal he ate in a long time. After dinner he was allowed to have a very short bath with cold water and he returned back to his bed under the cupboard for the night. The next day was more or less the same: Harry woke up, Uncle Vernon dragged him out of the cupboard and he spent the day doing chores while Dudley sat around and watched television. Harry was currently vacuuming in the television room. Dudley was sitting on the sofa with a big fat piece of chocolate cake on a plate sitting on his lap watching a cartoon that Harry never saw before. The vacuum was too big for him, easily towering over his small frame so Harry had to hold it by the middle as he pushed and pull. It was a slow terrible task; it usually took Harry half an hour to get one room done. When Harry neared the sofa Dudley was sitting on, the fat child thought it would be funny to bully Harry. He took the fat piece of chocolate cake and held it in front of Harry. "Want a bite?" asked. Harry looked at the piece of cake, his mouth already salivating as he looked at the fudge icing and little chocolate shavings that peppered the top of the cake. He nodded eagerly. "Yeah," he said. "Here," Dudley said holding out the plate and the fork he was using. Harry reached out, his stomach growling in anticipation of eating the chocolate cake (needless to say the young Potter have never tasted chocolate before). But just as Harry's fingers were about to reach the fork Dudley's hand slipped and the chocolate cake fell onto the carpeted floor spilling everywhere as it seemed to smash into pieces. "Oops," Dudley laughed. He threw down the fork as well. "There!" "Duddles? Dudley what was that noise?" Aunt Petunia asked from the kitchen. Dudley's face screwed up into an ugly sight as his