The Potters' Liberation Chapter 1 Harry Potter was snoring loudly. He had been sitting in a chair beside his bedroom window for the best part of four hours, staring out at the darkening street, and had finally fallen asleep with one side of his face pressed against the cold windowpane, his glasses askew and his mouth wide open. His twin brother, James Potter, slept in their only bed that they've shared since moving into the room from the cupboard at age eleven. The room was strewn with various possessions and a good smattering of rubbish. Owl feathers, apple cores, and sweet wrappers littered the floor, a number of spellbooks lay higgledy-piggledy among the tangled robes on their bed around Jamie's body, and amess of newspapers sat in a puddle of light on their desk. The headline of one blared: POTTER TWINS: THE CHOSEN ONES? Rumors continue to fly about the mysterious recent disturbance at the Ministry of Magic, during which He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was sighted once more. "We're not allowed to talk about it, don't ask me anything," said one agitated Obliviator, who refused to give his name as he left the Ministry last night. Nevertheless, highly placed sources within the Ministry have confirmed that the disturbance centered on the fabled Hall of Prophecy. Though Ministry spokeswizards have hitherto refused even to confirm the existence of such a place, a growing number of the Wizarding community believe that the Death Eaters now serving sentences in Azkaban for trespass and attempted theft were attempting to steal a prophecy. The nature of that prophecy is unknown, although speculations is rifle that it concerns the Potter Twins, Harry and James Potter, the only two people known to have survived the Killing Curse, and who are also known to have been at the Ministry on the night in question. Some are going to far as to call the Potter twins "the Chosen Ones," believing that the prophecy names them as the only ones who will be able to rid us of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. The current whereabouts of the prophecy, if it exists, are unknown, although (ctd. Page 2, column 5) Two large trunks stood in the very middle of the room. Their lids were open' they looked expectant; yet they were both almost empty but for a residue of old underwear, sweets, empty ink bottles, and broken quills that coated the very bottom. Harry grunted in his sleep and his face slid down the window an inch or so but he didn't wake up. Next to him was a letter that arrived three days ago which both twins read multiple times. Dear James and Harry, If it is convenient to you, I shall call at number four, Private Drive this coming Friday at eleven P.M. to escort you to the Burrow where you both have been invited to spend the remainder of your school holiday. If you are agreeable, I should also be glad of your assistances in a matter to which I hope to attend on the way to the Burrow. I shall explain this more fully when I see you both. Kindly send your answer by return of this owl. Hoping to see you this Friday, I am, yours most sincerely, Albus Dumbledore Harry grunted again and moved further down the window. This time his grunt woke up his twin who groaned as he sat up. Though twins Harry and James barely looked alike, even though they both hold a scar in the shape of a lightning bolt obtained from the night Voldemort killed their parents. James Potter was taller than Harry, much taller. He stood almost six foot two, overshadowing even their best friend Ron, and he had a more muscular body than Harry's thin average one. James had fully developed pecs that lead to a defined six pack that had a long thing treasure trail of black hair leading to the boxers he was wearing. His arms had biceps half the size of Harry's head and he could lift Harry with ease, which James does often. With his shaggy black hair and dark eyes hidden by glasses James looked to be an Adonis brought to life, a feast for the eyes for both girls and boys. "Harry, why are you sleeping like that?" He asked, his voice deep and commanding. "Harry?" He placed a strong hand on Harry's shoulder and lightly shook his brother. "What you want James?" Harry slurred looking up at James. James chuckled and pulled Harry into his arms. "Come on little brother, you need to wake up. That or at least sleep in our bed." "Dumbledore's coming later… looking for him," Harry slurred again. James chuckled and kissed Harry's forehead. "Yes, later… which means that you need to sleep now. Come on Harry." "Okay," Harry sighed. He let his brother lead him to their bed and pull the covers open for him. It was a tight fit but they were used to sleeping in the same bed and liked it. It was comforting having their brother in their arms, heads pressed against each other as they shield each other from the world outside. Which is the position the room found them in five minutes later the only sound was their snoring and the ticking of an alarm clock. The boys did not pack, it just seemed too good to be true that they were going to be rescued from the Dursleys after a mere fortnight of their company. Dudley did not even get a proper chance to punch Harry yet. Harry could not shrug off the feeling that something was going to go wrong—their reply to Dumbledore's letter might have gone astray; Dumbledore could be prevented from collecting him; the letter might turn out not to be from Dumbledore at all, but a trick or joke or trap. Harry had not been able to face packing and then being let down and having to unpack again. The only gesture he had made to the possibility of a journey was to shut their snowy owl, Hedwig, safely in her cage. The minute hand on the alarm clock reached the number twelve and, at that precise moment, the streetlamp outside the window went out. Both boys awoke as though the sudden darkness were an alarm. Harry hastily grabbed his glasses and practically fell out of the bed as he ran to stick his nose against the window and squinted down at the pavement. A tall figure in a long, billowing cloak was walking up the garden path. "It's him!" Harry practically screamed as his brother started snatching anything and everything within reach from the floor and throwing it into the trunks. Harry turned to help James lob sets of robes, spellbooks, and packets of crisps across the room and the doorbell rang. Downstairs in the living room their Uncle Vernon shouted, "Who the blazes is calling at this time of night?" Harry froze with a brass telescope in one hand and a pair of trainers in the other and looked at James. "Did you—" "No, I thought you did…" They stared at each other both horrified and extremely amused for a moment. James ran to get something decent on his body. They both clambered over the trunk and James wrenched open their bedroom door in time to hear a deep voice say, "Good evening. You must be Mr. Dursley. I daresay James and Harry has told you I would be coming for them?" The boys ran down the stairs two at a time, coming to an abrupt halt several steps from the bottom, as long experience had taught them to remain out of arm's reach of his uncle whenever possible. There in the doorway stood a tall, thin man with waist-length silver hair and beard. Half-moon spectacles were perched on his crooked nose, and he was wearing a long black traveling cloak and a pointed hat. "Judging by your look of stunned disbelief, Harry and James did not warn you that I was coming," Dumbledore said pleasantly. "However, let us assume that you have invited me warmly into your house. It is unwise to linger overlong on doorsteps in these troubled times." He stepped smartly over the threshold and closed the front door behind him. James turned to Harry and said, "Go finish packing up, I'll deal with our relatives." "Aright," Harry said all too happy to turn around and getting as far away from his aunt and uncle as possible. He could hear Uncle Vernon's loud voice yelling through the house as he reached the top of the stairs every now and then. Returning to the safety of their room, Harry looked at both set of open trunks and the mess around it. Underwear, robes, shirts, pants, and all assortments of unmentionable clothing that James brought for them laid scattered around the room tangled in bunches that would be horrible to explain to Mrs. Weasley if she ever saw the mess. Harry picked up the most embarrassing articles of clothing and folded them as small as he could and placed them at the bottom of his trunk before covering them quickly with his socks and underwear. Harry somehow gathered all the muggle weights and magical weights that James collected and shrunk them with a Diminuendo Charm before placing them in a corner of James's trunk. He managed to extract their Invisibility Cloak from under the bed, screwed the top back on his and James' jars of color-change ink, and forced the lid of James' trunk shut on his cauldron before spending ten minutes looking for his (It was being used as a waste basket near the desk). It took Harry nearly half an hour to have everything packed and ready. Then, doing his best to balance two trunks and Hedwig's cage, he made his way back downstairs. The feeling downstairs was tense. James was sitting awkwardly in his chair as Dumbledore talked to the Dursleys who were sitting in their sofa. Harry tried to move quietly so that they didn't see or realize his invasion. "—This magic will cease to operate the moment James and Harry turn seventeen' in other words, at the moment they become men. I ask only that you allow James and Harry to return, once more, to this house, before his seventeenth birthday, which will ensure that the protection continues until that time. Ahh Harry, so good of you to join us. And you already have your trunks. Excellent." None of the Dursleys said anything. Dudley was frowning slightly, Uncle Vernon looked as though he had something stuck in his throat, Aunt Petunia, however, looked slightly flushed. James stood quickly and made his way to Harry, taking his trunk. "I'll explain in a bit," he whispered in Harry's ear. Harry flushed and nodded. "Well Harry, James… time for us to be off," Dumbledore said at last, standing up and straightening his long black cloak. "Until we meet again," he said to the Dursleys, who looked as though that moment could wait forever as far as they were concerned, and after doffing his hat, he swept from the room. James took Hedwig's cage from Harry and they both looked at the Dursleys and hesitated before saying "…Bye." "Place your trunks on the sidewalk, please," Dumbledore instructed the twins once they left the front door. James and Harry did so, James placing Hedwig's cage on top of them. "We do not want to be encumbered by these just now," he said pulling out his wand. "I shall send them to the Burrow to await us there. However, I would like you two to bring your Invisibility Cloak … just in case." Harry extracted the cloak from James' trunk with some difficulty, trying not to show Dumbledore the mess within. When he had stuffed it into an inside pocket of his jacket, Dumbledore waved his wand and the trunk, cage, and Hedwig vanished. "Now I believe you wanted to catch your brother up James?" Dumbledore chuckled. "We have a