The Dark Prince's Coronation Chapter I On the top of a hill was a manor that overlooked the village. Its windows were boarded, tiles missing from the roof, and ivy was spreading unchecked along its face. Once a fine-looking manor, and easily the largest and grandest building for miles around, the Riddle House now laid damp, derelict, and unoccupied. Which is why the community of Little Hangleton was surprised to see truckload after truckload of construction drive towards it. Trucks carrying lumber, words, metal, tools—everything needed to build a home was making their way through Little Hangleton towards the manor. Whispers started to grow around the community of a new owner for the manor. A boy of just seventeen who looked to be a relative of the poor Riddles who tragically died in that manor nearly half a century ago. Curiosity grew in the village as people started to make the trek up to the forgotten manor to catch a glimpse of the teen. People were coming back with stories of his handsomeness, of his tall figure and aristocratic face, of his hair as black as night and dark eyes that seemed to mesmerize anyone that falls under their gaze. Soon more and more people made the trip to the manor, peaking through shrubbery and fences, all in hopes of seeing the mesmerizing Riddle. He stood tall wearing a dark button-down shirt and black dress pants despite it being the beginning of summer. He seemed to be a person cloaked in mystery as his eyes never lingered from the propped-up table with multiple blueprints. The workers never seemed to wonder or think it odd that a seventeen year old was heading the project as they took the manor down brick by brick, saving what they could and throwing out the rest. Two weeks past like this, the young villagers (mostly girls around the mysterious boy's age) flocked to the manor to watch the teen stand in front of blueprints, giving orders to the workers as they tore down the old Riddle Manor. Stories about the boy began to rise about the boy. Some say that he is a long-lost relative, a grandson from a secret wedlock that just learned of his lineage. While others say that he is a distant cousin greedy for the Riddle prestige. Whoever the boy is, the entire village agreed that he was a complete mystery, especially when not a week later the last of the manor was taken down, leaving nothing but space and foundation, and another man came. This man looked older than the boy, much older, and was wearing a cloak over his clothes. The man and teen talked frequently, the man bowing down to the boy and calling him "master." Perhaps he was a butler or servant? That only made the young teens more curious, some of them wanted to get close to the teen. Maybe he'll hire them once the manor was finished? That way they would be close, and the mysterious teen would know their name. The teen and butler stayed in a small cottage that seemed to spring up overnight. Only the bravest of the citizens would make their way to the cottage, but never look in. One day, the teen seemed to disappear entirely from the construction site, leaving only the butler. That disappointed the villagers (especially the ambitious girls) but it only added to the rumor mill about his identity. Maybe he was in trouble with the law and had to hide, or maybe his family doesn't know of the project and had to run away for a while. Maybe he went on vacation with his lover, an innocent fair girl who had a humble upbringing. The rumors about the boy with the mesmerizing eyes continued to grow and grow, each one more fantastical than the last. Then the owls started coming. . Tom smirked to himself. It was really all too easy. He picked a couple from random to play the role of his parents and after a few choice words, he had permission to stay at the Burrow with the Weasleys, and by extension, Harry. There was no way he would allow his prince to be separate from him during the summer. There were too many variables to look out for, too many ways for Dumbledore to find out about Harry's affinity to the Dark Arts, to the Dark Lord. Besides, it is beneficial to learn more about your enemy. It was also to keep an eye on Draco Malfoy. Mrs. Weasley agreed that Tom would come and stay two weeks after summer break began, during which he began one of his long-term projects. The Dark Lord needed a proper manor, a proper headquarters, if he was going to rule. What better place than Riddle Manor? He would wipe away any traces of his muggle relatives and transform it into a manor fit for the Dark Lord and his beloved Prince. To escape suspicion from the wizarding world he decided to let muggles construct it with a wizard under his control supervise the project. The Burrow, in Tom's opinion, was somewhat impressive. It was a rather tall wooden house that seemed to be holding addition after addition without any thought of design and held up by magic. It seems that most of the Weasley clan was there except for three, one of which is apparently a Curse Breaker for Gringotts, the other a Dragon Keeper in Romania, and the third is not on talking terms with the rest of the family. Draco and Ronald were the ones who welcomed him. "Tom, there you are mate," Ron grinned. "Harry isn't here, we're supposed to pick him up in two weeks but in the mean time you can make yourself at home." "Thank you very much Ronald," Tom said, smiling politely. "Draco, it is good to see you in good health." "Thank you… Tom," the Malfoy said. Tom gave him a polite smile and looked up at the Burrow. "So this is your home, Ron? I must say, it is impressive," Tom said. "But it needs a lot of chores," Draco huffed. "Yeah… it's more dirty than usual now," Ron blushed. "Dumbledore talked with my mum and dad and we're actually moving somewhere later today." "Did he say where?" Tom asked. "No, just that it's the new headquarters for the Order of Phoenix or something," Ron said. "Interesting," Tom said. "I've never heard of that." "It's a group my parents were in with Dumbledore during the first war," Ron said. "They fought against You-Know-Who and the Death Eaters… sorry Draco." Draco shook his head but said nothing. "Anyway," Ron continued, "why don't you come in? Mum's cooking breakfast." "I would love some," Tom smiled. He followed Ron and Draco into the Burrow through a door that led straight into the kitchen it seemed. Mrs. Weasley was busy at the stove, waving her wand as pans cooked bacon and eggs simultaneously as a kettle bounced around with boiling water. Mrs. Weasley turned to see them as they walked in. "Tom! So good you can make it," she said. "I hope your parents found the place alright." "They did, though unfortunately they're needed back at home immediately so they could only have dropped me off," Tom said, giving Mrs. Weasley yet another polite smile. He looked at the rather large table to see what he assumed were the Weasley twins, his new classmates. "Arthur's already at the Ministry for work, but he'll be here for dinner. I am so sorry that everything is hectic around here. I'm sure Ron and Draco already told you, but Dumbledore is moving us to another place this afternoon and we have to finish packing." "Well not to worry, I have everything I need here," Tom said. Mrs. Weasley looked at him confused as his hand went into his pocket and pulled out a minuscule trunk and a very tiny locked box filled with books that he decided would be good for Harry. Both the size of a piece of candy. "My parents didn't want me to lug around my trunk and bookcase everywhere, so I've simply cast a Shrinking Charm as well as a Feather-light Charm on them once we reached here." "That's smart," one of the twins commented. "What else do you expect from Harry's egghead boyfriend?" the other said. "I bet he reads an equation to put himself to sleep every night, don't you think George?" the first said. "If that's the case Fred, then how did he and Harry get together?" "I would gladly tell you in great detail, but I don't think your mother would approve of it," Tom said casually. The twins looked at Tom for a moment before laughing. Mrs. Weasley sighed and shook her head. "What's your name?" Fred asked. "Thomas. Thomas Riddle. Though people just call me Tom," Tom said walking to the twins and grasping their hands. "Nice to meet'cha Tom! I'm Fred, this is my brother George," Fred smiled. "Harry told me all about you two," Tom said. "But I think we already met… we're in the same classes after all. Though you might not remember me, I was a quiet student." "Then we meet for real now," George smiled. "Come on! Sit between us." George moved over a seat to allow room for Tom to sit between the twins. Tom did so and Ron and Draco moved to sit. "Draco, would you be a dear and set the plates on the table, please?" Mrs. Weasley asked. "Yes ma'am," Draco said without complaint. Tom watched amused as Draco moved to a cabinet, opened it up, and pulled out a stack of plates. He placed a plate in front of each person before sitting down next to Ron. He looked at Tom, who simply raised an eyebrow. "Everyone needs to help around here," Draco said. Tom chuckled. The twins looked at him and one of them said, "So Tom, how did you meet Harry?" "It was during Harry's second year," Tom said. "We've met in the library, we talked and he somehow roped me into being his tutor. Naturally we got close, one thing led to another, and here we are." "That's… a bit boring," George said, "isn't it Fred?" "If it sounds boring to you, that is because I'm withholding information about Harry and mine activities," Tom said so only the twins could hear it. "If you want to hear about Harry mewling and acting like an adorable animal in heat… you should ask him directly when we see him." The twins smirked. "I think we're going to get along swimmingly Thomas," Fred said. "Don't you think so George?" "A real trio we'll make," George said. "Would you please tell us that at least Harry was wearing something tight." "No, nothing tight," Tom said. "Just something that I want to see again soon." He gave a sly smirk. The twins seemed to eat that little fact up as they both gave perverted leers at Tom. "Is little Harry keeping something from us?" Fred asked. "When did our little Harry grow into such a perverted boy?" George asked. Tom laughed and smile. "Both are my fault. I have a way with words, and I'm afraid I seemed to have… mold Harry into who he is now. I've been teaching him the past two years, and still there is much that I wish for him to learn." "So it's that kind of relationship huh," Fred said. "Wicked." They both gave approving smiles and thumbs-up. There was the sound of pounding feet on a flight of wooden stairs. Tom looked to see the female Weasley come into the kitchen, still wearing her pajamas and looking like she just woke up. "Morning Mum, is breakfast ready yet?" Ginny yawned. "Almost Ginny, have a seat," Mrs. Weasley said looking over her shoulder. Ginny turned to the table and froze, her eyes landing immediately at Tom. Tom smiled and