*AUTHOR'S NOTES* OKAY SO. 1. I haven't written fanfiction in ages, so I might be a little rusty. Also, I have never written THIS MUCH SMUT (oh god its so much smut) before, nor anything this explicit. I apologize in advance if it feels tacky or weird. Also this is not beta'd - all mistakes are mine! It's also my first foray into the wolfstar fandom so go easy on me, please :p 2. This started off as an angsty story about them in their later years but then I realized I wanted to do their beginning too, and I hate writing flashbacks so I decided I wanted to do it chronologically, from the point they met to a point later in their lives that I originally wanted to explore. 3. Though I have the plot all thought out, I haven't written much besides this huge first chapter. It is summer though and I'm free so I expect to keep writing if the motivation and interest lasts (*cough* reviews and kudos motivate me *cough*). It can be read as a pwp one-shot or you can keep checking back to see it get a little fluffy and angsty ;) 4. Title from a poem by Richard Siken! 5. Also posted on AO3 under 'teampancakes' Sirius Black has never had difficulty in picking up chicks (or even dudes, for that matter). He's always known he's attractive and he exudes a mysterious and potentially dangerous, if slightly arrogant, charm with his bright flash of a smile and sweet talk that he's perfected over the years. A hand slipped around waists, resting on the small of their backs; a soft whisper in their ears promising them something they're never going to forget, and everyone's like putty in his hands. It's almost too easy, Sirius thinks to himself as he sips at his Fire Whiskey and stakes out the potential marks in the bar. There's the blonde young woman out with a gaggle of friends, clearly broken hearted by the way they're all plying her with drinks. There's the mousy, brown haired girl who looks like this is her first rodeo (that should be fun, Sirius thinks with a grin). And then there's the bespectacled young man with the curly brown hair and the slightest hint of stubble. He's nursing a ridiculously bright drink and alone and as Sirius stares at him thoughtfully, he turns to meet his gaze. His face breaks into a small smile and he looks away. Sirius drains his glass and feels the whiskey burn down his throat. The broken hearted woman would be easy but messy and the brown haired newbie would be delicious and fun but probably clingy. This man, however, seemed perfect, and Sirius feels his body ache a little for a rough touch and stubble burn across his skin. He gets up from his bar stool with a predatory grin and makes his way over to where the other man is standing, bopping slightly to the music. "Hey there," Sirius greets him with a handshake that lingers a second longer than normal, feeling the rough callouses of his palm and shivering a little at the thought of those hands splayed over his hipbones. "Hey," the man replies, giving him another one of those slow, small smiles. Sirius tucks his hands into his pockets and grins back. "Remus Lupin," the man introduces himself, leaning a little closer so that Sirius can hear him above the loud music. He's a head taller than Sirius and when he leans in, his breath falls into the shell of Sirius's ear. "Sirius Black," he replies, returning the favour. He usually doesn't tell his one night stands even his first name, let alone his full name, but it feels oddly right to tell Remus Lupin. "I haven't seen you here before." "Oh yeah? You frequent this place often?" Lupin raises an eyebrow and Sirius is taken aback. He's not used to his marks talking back and displaying any significant charm of their own. Most of the people he chats up are all too willing to fall in with his flirting and stare at him with large limpid eyes as he tells them exactly what he wants to do to them. "Not exactly. Do you?" Sirius replies after a second, and catches a glint of amusement in Lupin's eyes. "It's my favourite haunt," Lupin nods towards the bar in a familiar way and a waitress waves to him cheerily. Sirius grabs a drink from a passing tray, feeling like he needs a little bit more alcohol in him to keep up with Lupin's easy banter. "Pick up line falling flat," Lupin says sympathetically, "I bet that doesn't happen to you often." "It doesn't." Sirius gives him a little glare. "It's okay," Lupin looks at him from over the lip of his glass. "I'd still fuck you," he continues nonchalantly. Sirius grins. "You're way too forward to be a gentleman." "Oh yeah?" "Yeah," nods Sirius. They exchange a flirty glance and Sirius is overwhelmed with the urge to not just fuck him, but also to kiss him sweetly, running his fingers through his messy brown curls. He clears his throat and gulps down quite a bit of his drink. "So, Remus. What do you do?" "I'm an astronomy professor," Lupin replies, twisting the pink paper umbrella from his drink between his fingers. Sirius is mesmerized by the rhythmic rotation of the thin toothpick between his thumb and forefinger. "I bet you could teach me a few things," he says, voice low and dark. "Hmm, good delivery, but a 4/10 on content," Lupin grins, slapping his shoulder lightly. "Overused, Black." "You're hard to please, aren't you?" "Very," Lupin gives him a dangerous looking smile that makes his throat feel dry. He's giving back as good as Sirius has got and it's strangely erotic. "Cocky too," Sirius continues, feeling like Lupin is an itch he needs to scratch but just can't reach. "Look who's talking." "I'm used to getting my way." "It's never too late to experience something new," Remus laughs. "You're infuriating, you know that?" "So I'm told." Sirius decides to pull out all stops with a move that usually has his opponents breathing low and wanting to get out of there. With the tip of his finger he swirls the ice at the bottom of his glass. He can sense Remus watching him carefully as he lifts the finger to his mouth and licks it clean, making sure to pull it over his bottom lip tantalizingly. Setting his glass down and looking up at Lupin, he delivers the final blow. "I want to fuck you." "Direct. I like it." It's absolutely maddening that Remus still sounds so calm and composed while Sirius is getting more hot and bothered by the second. His pants are feeling constricted and his hands are itching to slam Remus against a wall. "Shut the fuck up," he growls, completely vexed. "Make me," is all Remus has to say before Sirius crashes his mouth into his and fists a hand in the front of his t-shirt. Remus grins wolfishly against Sirius's lips before pushing his tongue in and licking furiously. Sirius can feel a hand suddenly palming at the front of his pants and he groans, eyes fluttering, as the heel of Remus's hand makes contact with his slowly increasing bulge. "I want to fuck you so hard you can feel it tomorrow," Sirius tries to take back control by biting down on Remus's earlobe while his hands meander down to the curve of his ass and squeeze. Much to his delight, Lupin's hand at his crotch stutters and he moans, head falling backwards a little. "Is that even physically possible? I thought it was just something that exists in pornography," Remus's voice is rough and heavy and Sirius thinks to himself, finally. "Wouldn't you like to know," he chuckles, and then, "You talk too much." "It's a flaw." "You don't say," Sirius counters, pulling away completely. Remus's hands scrabble at his hips as he does so, making Sirius feel very pleased. "My place or yours?" Remus asks, his pupils blown and cheeks bright. He's biting his lip and finally seems to have lost some of his composure. Sirius drains his glass, feeling thirsty all of a sudden. "How about the alley outside?" "Tacky. I thought you were better than this," Remus teases as he takes out his wallet to pay his bill. "How about your place then, hmm?" "Good choice, because it's only a block away," says Remus, slipping off of his little stool and grabbing his coat from the one next to it. "Great. I can't wait to make you beg for me," Sirius runs a finger up the other man's chest, lightly pausing over the hollow between his collar bones. He wants to suck at the skin there and mar the pale expanse of it with purple marks. "I've never begged during sex," Lupin says, buttoning up and raising an eyebrow. "I guess it's never too late to experience something new, huh?" Sirius is a little annoyed by the gleeful edge to his voice but Lupin's eyes brighten and he gives Sirius a huge grin. "Finally. I had begun to think you were just another pretty boy." Sirius retaliates by smacking him on the ass as he turns to walk out of the club. The edge of Sirius's teeth scrape against the delicate skin over Remus's collarbone and he bites down hard, causing Remus to arch off the bed and rut desperately against his crotch. Sirius smiles smugly at the reaction that had caused and slips his mouth lower, over the other man's nipple, swirling his tongue around it teasingly. It makes Remus make the most delicious noises he's ever heard; noises that go straight to his groin. Whatever composure and serenity Remus Lupin had possessed back in the club seems to have disappeared. He's writhing under Sirius's expert touch and Sirius is as hard as a rock in his jeans. It's unimaginably uncomfortable so he lifts himself off Remus and unbuttons his shirt slowly and then pulls down his zip, breathing a sigh of relief as his cock stops pressing up against the constraints of his jeans. Remus had been watching him with hooded eyes and now his hand sneaks down to his fly and unzips it. Sirius does the honours of pulling his pants and boxers down to free his dick which is so hard by now that it begins to drip a little pool of pre-cum onto his belly. He pulls off the pants and underwear completely and throws it somewhere behind him, on the floor. Turning back to Remus, he sees his hand reaching out to wrap around his shaft to offer it some friction it so desperately needs. 'Nuh uh," Sirius tuts and swats it away. "You can't touch yourself," he growls as he descends onto Remus's nipple again, sucking and biting and making Remus nearly go crazy. "I'm gonna make you come untouched," Sirius hisses into the damp, sweaty skin of his thighs. He licks a stripe up each, stopping just short of where it matters. Remus is shivering with pleasure and anticipation and Sirius palms himself a little roughly at the sound of his desperate whines. "I've never come untouched," Remus manages to say in between his deep, bone-rattling moans that Sirius is pretty sure the entire building can hear. The thought is strangely erotic. "But lube's in the top drawer if you want to try." "Try, my arse," Sirius laughs as he fumbles for it in the semi-darkness. "I'm gonna achieve it, you beautiful, sexy git." "How on earth do you manage to make an insult turn me on even more?" Remus gasps as the cold tip of Sirius' finger circles his arsehole tantalizingly. "How on earth are you still so verbose?" Sirius counters, biting down on his bottom lip as if in an attempt to shut him up. "I