Prologue: Atelophobia Atelophobia: [A-tel-o-pho-bia] The fear of imperfection. The fear of never being good enough for the world or oneself. Perfect. The word spiraled off of the young woman's tongue as she ran her pale hands through her glistening, honey-colored curls. The pale appendages danced through her soft locks as easily as if they were water, nonchalantly combing through and loosening the spirals. A nervous habit of hers, one she should really break if she wanted her hair to remain as perfect as the rest of her exterior. Today was an important day, after all. Perfect. A word synonymous with her own name. Truthfully, the woman had no way of knowing whether she did, in fact, look as perfect as she has always been told. Everything around her was black, as it always had been, as it always would be. The images she created in her head were fanciful, fictional delusions of a world she would never know by sight. But in her head, Anastasia Greybeck was perfect. In her head, there was no scar under her left eye where the fire had burned her so many years ago. There were no blemishes from the sun or from other spots that she might have had or might not. Everything about her was beautiful, from her porcelain china skin to her doe-like blue eyes, which sparkled and shimmered when she battled them. In her mind, when it was just her and her fantasies, she was a magnificent princess whom the world adored, with princes and balls and castles. That was all in her head, however, she giggled just slightly as she skipped down the hallway in her new dress that fluttered wherever she stepped. Though she could not see them, she was sure that her team of secret service were carefully flanking her, keeping a lookout for any threats that might be eminent. Of course they always had to, but it was such a bore to Anastasia sometimes, all these protective measures. Even if she was not a princess, the people adored her. Everyone adored her. Who wouldn't love someone who was perfect? The young woman, who was barely older than a child, continued to dance through the halls, not seeing where she was going but not needing to, as it was a familiar path. The grand manor had been her home for as long as she had been alive, and it had been hers alone for over five years. This thought was enough to make her pause her gallivanting for just a second. It had been five years… To the day, in fact. Five years since the war had begun in Panem, her home, where the Capitol had been wrongfully attacked by the Districts. Five years since the invasion of the presidential mansion and the murder of her parents. Five years since she had been named the President of Panem. Some questioned whether the choice had been a fair one, but of course it hadn't been. "President" was merely a title, as everyone was aware of but no one allowed to say. It was really a birthright, something that had been passed down in the Greybeck family, her family, since the creation of the great state. The family had done a remarkable job for generations. No one thought otherwise. No one who wanted to live, at least. The young girl giggled again, because the thought that someone would dislike her family was so silly. They were perfect, she was perfect, and perfection was something all humans strived for but so few achieved. Shouldn't it be obvious to all, that ones as advanced as the Greybecks, so obviously superior, should be in charge? The war had told her that some citizens were just not as enlightened as the rest. Clearly, the Districts had failed to understand what true glory looked like when they saw it. Otherwise, the rebels would have never clambered for a war and thousands of lives could have been spared. Of course, those were the lives of the unenlightened, her council had informed her. They didn't, shouldn't matter to one as flawless as Anastasia. Their opinions shouldn't matter, either. Those who would lie and whisper behind her back, or even in front of her face, because she was blind and wouldn't see who was roiling her reputation. Those who called her names and dug up her medical records and tried to diagnose the girl where forty doctors had already failed. But there words did matter. They always had. And suddenly, she was lost in lost as the the shadows of the past enveloped her, welcoming her back as an old friend. Even before the christening, there were rumors. Rumors about the first child, who was born to the president exactly three years to the day he took office. A child born on the anniversary of such a monumental day must surely be a good omen, the newscasters tried to soothe the disheartened public. The child would grow to be as fine a leader as its father before her. Though the Republic of Panem was not a monarchy, the same presidential family had been ruling for several generations now. Talk of rigged elections, or in some places none at all, has spread throughout the populous as a wildfire would, sparking discourse into the hearts of civilians in all thirteen commonwealths. Of course, such talk was forbidden. But there were rumors. There were always rumors in Panem. As an infant, she never cried. The staff had even taken to calling her "Devil Child" behind the president's back. Constantly cooing over their little bundle of joy, he and his wife noticed nothing of this. She was their first, after all, and they saw no reason for concern over the strange tendencies of the baby. But there was something wrong with Anastasia Greybeck, the infant who rarely made a sound but whose eyes seemed possessed with some spirit that had touched her soul. It was three days after she was born when the doctors noticed those bright blue eyes were sightless. How quickly the parents, Capitolites to the core, lost interest in their descendent after that revelation. Once confirmed that their child would never see, the president started looking for a replacement plan, a new heir to their glorious kingdom of Panem, for obviously, a girl who could not see would never amount to anything. Embarrassed over the girl's flaws, they hid her away in the presidential manner with several nannies and walls to keep the public from seeing their mistake. Anastasia was brushed aside to the back of her parents' minds, and the citizens' thoughts as well. Despite the fanfare of the pregnancy and the birth of the child who was almost royalty in the minds of the Capitol citizens, it took a relatively short time for the world to forget about the blue eyed infant. Humans, by nature, tended to ignore things which were unsatisfactory to them. Within a year, her parents were attempting to have another child. When Anastasia was three, she earned the scar that still marred her beautiful features. The scream of the nanny echoed around the glittering building, as desperately attempted to blow out the fire that had started in the nursery. Later, after the poor girl had been sacked for her incompetence, the maids gathered to gossip as the doctor patched up the girl's burns. She must have been a smoker, but a poor one to have left a match lit after puffing a cigarette. That must have been the story, they muttered as they watched the mother rock the child to sleep. For what toddler knew how to light a match? When Anastasia was five, her brother was born. The child stood on tiptoes to peer into the cradle where the infant slept peacefully, and even though she couldn't see him, she desperately wanted too. In her head, her new baby brother was the most beautiful infant there had ever been, with dark curls like her own and blue eyes that matched, though his contained the gift of sight. Her parents had forbidden her from holding him when they weren't around to monitor, but what they didn't know wouldn't hurt them. It was dark in the room, but that didn't matter to Anastasia. It was dark everywhere to her. She reached out and felt around for the child, gently lifting him into her arms. Rocking him back and forth, the infant cooed softly in his sleep as she whispered his name again and again until it had become a chant. "Sebastian, Sebastian, Sebastian." As Anastasia held the baby in her arms, she felt love for the first time. The emotion was so overwhelming that she took a step backwards, tripping over her nightdress and falling forewords. She tried to catch Sebastian, but she couldn't see where he fell. The baby wailed as he hit the floor, alerting the attention of her mother, who had been sleeping in the room next door. Luckily, neither infant nor child was badly injured. Anastasia cried that it was an accident, but it fell on deaf ears as her mother pampered the infant and sent the girl back to her room. She was not allowed to hold Sebastian anymore. His death hadn't been her fault. It was an accident. It was a mistake, that was all. She hadn't meant to… She hadn't known. She was still a child. It had been a mistake. No one had told her that fireworks weren't meant to be set off inside. They didn't think they would have to inform her of such a fact, not to a girl who couldn't see the pretty colors. But Anastasia knew what they were because she had heard the sounds, the loud noises. At first she had been frightened of them, but then her nanny had explained that they were celebratory. Festive. All she had wanted to do was show her brother the lights. He was too, an age where he was constantly cranky. All she had wanted to do was cheer him up with what she thought were pretty colored fireworks. The fire brigade had only managed to save one of them from the wreckage, and it was not the child her parents wanted to be saved. They sobbed as they changed their will temporarily, back to the original passage of the presidential title to Anastasia. It was temporary, just until they could replace her again. They whispered this when they thought she was asleep in her new room, but they didn't know that the girl had developed the habit of listening to private conversations behind locked doors. The nursery smelled like death for weeks as Anastasia, on the other side of the mansion, cried herself to sleep. The child's legs swung back and forth as she sat on the cold, high back chair meant for someone much larger than herself. Her legs didn't touch the floor. She waited patiently enough for a girl of only eight as her parents conversed with the doctor in the next room over. Her mind spun with what they might be talking about, but the child had no way of knowing. They used soundproof doors here. This was the seventh doctor she'd seen since her birthday a few months ago. They were all nice enough, except they used big words she didn't understand. And they didn't believe her when she answered the questions she asked truthfully. They said it was just her vivid imagination, coping for her sightless eyes. No one who could see was aware of the ghosts. At first, it had scared her. The voices and the things she saw, opposed to the blackness of the rest of the world. But soon they became her friends. She had tried to talk to her parents about them, but they had only sent her to more appointments. Anastasia thought it was funny how the specialists all asked for the truth, but accepted a certain answer. As if they new the