So sorry about the gibberish on the last one. I seriously don't know why that keeps happening! Peeta wraps his arms around me tight as the train takes off steadily picking up speed. "Here we go again, the last stop on yet another Victory Tour." He whispers in my ear. After yet again winning the 75th hunger games we should be pros at this, but according to Effie we are far from. Well, at least I am. More people are dead and more post traumatic stress. That's all I think about. "You guys made it, and that's what matters." Effie says cheerfully. "My victors are back where they belong, safe and sound with me. So now that you are back everyone is going to want you two to have that big wedding that you were going to have. Of course we will have to tell everyone you miscarried the baby." Effie says. "And when we get to the capital you will need to be sad when you deliver the news of the miscarriage." She adds. I look out the window as the capital comes into view. I braid my hair to the side and rest against Peeta's chest. We line up as the train comes to a stop. Peeta grabs my hand and I squeeze his tight. When the train doors open Effie rushes us off. Everyone in the capital cheers for us as we walk quickly towards our destination. Once we are inside the building they put us in changing rooms. Without Cinna, this experience went back to sad and depressing. My new person was boring and didn't know me like Cinna did. She escorts me to stage right where Peeta stands. "Are you ready for this?" He asks me taking me by the arm. "As ready as I will ever be." I say. In the background I can here the crowd cheer. "Ladies and Gentleman, will you please help me welcome back to the stage our victors for the 74th and 75th Hunger Games. Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark!" Caesar says and the crowd cheers. We walk out on stage and take a seat across from Caesar. "It is good to have you guys back, Panem mourned when you two had to go back for a second time." Caesar says. "We are just happy to make it back alive for the second time and be able to start our lives now." I say to him. "That's great," Caesar says. "Now let's talk about what is on everyone's minds. The baby, roll the clip." On the screen behind us it starts playing at the beginning of the games before we left when Peeta told everyone that they were expecting parents. "We have some news." Peeta says. I drop my head trying to be dramatic. "We, well, Katniss miscarried the baby during the games." Peeta let's a tear escape his eye and I turn away and cover my face. Peeta puts his arm around me and I burry my head in his shoulder. "It's been very emotional for us lately." Peeta says. "It's okay Katniss just let it all out." Caesar says. "One can only imagine what you fell like." Caesar says. "If you don't mind me asking how did this miscarriage occur?" He asks. "During the games," I say sitting up a bit. "The games were ruff and I guess I took one to many hits to the stomach. But I think what really did it was the electric shock I received towards the end." "Panem I encourage you all to take a moment of silence for this loss. I know everyone here was excited for this fresh new life." Caesar says. A hush falls over the crowd as I peer over towards Effie and Haymitch. Haymitch smiles big in approval of their acting, and Effie was nearly in tears. "We do have some news for you guys though." Peeta says. Caesar perks up seeming interested in this news. "Do want to tell them or shall I?" Peeta asks me. "I can," I say smiling. "Since we weren't able to have our big wedding like we had planned, we have made the decision to have another wedding for everyone to see." I say to him. "Finally!" Caesar says. "I assume you will be wearing one of the many wedding dresses Cinna had designed for you before his tragic passing, rest his soul." Caesar says. "I wouldn't have it any other way." I say to him. "Cinna was not only my stylist but a dear friend, I couldn't imagine not wearing his clothes on such a marvelous day." I tell him. "Well, you heard it her Panem, from the couple that have gone through it all, Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark!" Caesar says finishing his broadcast. "I never thought of asking, is it still Everdeen or is it now Mellark?" Caesar asks as we walk off stage. "Mellark," I say to him. Katniss Mellark, I have to admits it seems weird. I will have to get used to that one. "You had me in tears!" Effie exclaims. She dabs her eyes with a tissue trying not to smear her makeup. "Hey Effie can I talk to you a minute?" I ask her pulling her aside. The boys didn't even notice they just kept talking about random stuff that didn't matter much to me. "I have been feeling sick lately." I tell her quietly. "Oh no, we can't have you coming down with the flu right before the next hunger games." Effie says. "Let's go to the nurses stations and get you checked out." She says. "I don't think it's that kind of sickness." I say as we continue to walk. "Effie I think I might be pregnant, for real this time." I whisper to her. "Well let's to see the nurse." She says a little less cheerfully than usual. We walk down to the aid area and Effie barges in the door like she owns the place. "Hello Lela, this is Katniss Everdeen, the girl on fire." She introduces. She loves doing that. "It is a pleasure meeting you." Lela says shaking my hand lightly. "What can I do for you Miss Everdeen?" She asks sweetly. Her voice was quiet and clam while her wardrobe was loud and bright. "I think I'm pregnant," I whisper to her. "But you have to keep this under wraps." I tell her. "Of course, please step this way Miss Everdeen." She takes me into a back room and had me stand in this metal box. "This will scan your body and checks for various things and can also scan for things wrong with your bones and muscles. Today we will be looking for evidence of a pregnancy." She says shutting the door. The entire thing only took a few seconds. The door automatically opened and she called Effie in. "What's the prognosis?" I ask her. "You are seven weeks pregnant." She tells us as. I stood there shocked and Effie just grabbed my hand. "Thank you Lela," Effie says and guides me towards the door. "When did this happen?" Effie asks me when we leave. "Almost two months ago." I tell her. "It was gonna happen eventually, and it hasn't happened since." I told her. "I cried and Peeta felt bad." I told her. We get back to our hotel and Peeta was sitting in the living room watching the news. They were already running a story about our upcoming wedding. "Peeta, can I talk to you?" I ask him. "Yeah sure," he says looking up at me. I gestured towards our room. He stands up and Effie squeezes my hand before I follow him to our room. "What did you want?" He asks as is shut the door. "Sit," I tell him. Peeta sits down on the bed as I pace back and forth in front of him. "Peeta, please don't freak out on me." I start out. Finally I just stop and stand in front of him. He pulls me close and holds me around the waist. "Peeta, I am serious." I say smiling. "Okay, you have my undivided attention." He says looking at me. "What's on your mind?" "Peeta, I'm pregnant." I tell him. He laughs it of and looks at me. "I'm serious Peeta, I went to the Nurse area and I am seven weeks pregnant." Peeta drops his head on my stomach. "It's okay Katniss, we will move up the wedding a month and tell everyone a months after that." He says. "If we move it up a month we would have to get married tomorrow." I say rolling my eyes. "But we would be giving the people what they want, and President Snow would get off our backs for a while." I say. "74th/75th hunger game winners Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark tie the knot publicly and announce another pregnancy." Peeta says acting like Caesar. "I don't care what anyone who knows the truth thinks, you are the mother of my child and soon you will be my wife. And I love you." Peeta says pulling me in for a slow kiss. "That's enough sucking face! Dinner is here!" Haymitch yells. I smile and kiss Peeta one more time. We walk out holding hands and smiling. "Don't you two look cozy." He says smiling. "Should we tell them?" Peeta whispers in my ear softly. "Effie already knows." I say out loud. "But you can feel free to tell Haymitch, maybe after a few bottles of scotch." I say to Peeta. "Tell Haymitch what?" He asks as he pours himself more to drink. "Katniss is pregnant." Peeta says. Haymitch picks up the bottle and drinks it straight. "The 76th annual hunger games is about the start and you go off and get pregnant. Sounds like something you would do." Haymitch says. "I didn't go off and get pregnant. It's not like that was my intent. I wasn't like, 'hey Peeta let's have sex and get pregnant today.' It was just harmless fun." I say to Haymitch. "And don't get pissed at Peeta we all know that it wasn't his idea." I yell at Haymitch. "What do you mean it wasn't my idea?" Peeta asks. "Trust me I had that idea." Peeta says. "You may have had an idea like that but you didn't have the idea to do this. Trust all of us, it was her idea." Effie butts into the conversation. "So what are you guys going to so now?" Haymitch asks us. "Well, tomorrow, we marry." Peeta says grabbing my hand. "Effie, can you get the dress and get our family and friends from district 12 here?" I ask her. "I will send the train for them now." Effie says smiling. "This is definitely is going to be a magical day." Later that night I lay curled up on my bed with Peeta at my side. His strong arms keeping me warm as he holds me close as we watch the news on the tv. "News alert," a mechanical voice says. The screen flashes over to Caesar sitting at his desk. "We just got news from Effie regarding Katniss and Peeta." Caesar says. "The wedding is tomorrow! That's right our favorite couple moved up their wedding. Guess they couldn't wait to show us all their love. I'm not sure about you Panem but this is a wedding I don't want to miss." "Looks like all of Panem is going to be at our wedding tomorrow." Peeta says. "And to think, we could have died twice and lived." "We are either the smartest people alive or the dumbest." I tell him. "All I know is that kid is going to have a hell of a reputation to uphold. Both parents not only victors of one hunger game but two." Peeta says smiling. I lay my head on his bare chest and hold him close. If you would have asked me two years ago what my life would be