The last child of Kronos Chapter One: Born into War When his wife handed over his last son or what he thought was his last son, he quickly reached forward swallowing the bundle of clothing whilst glancing over to his distraught wife, who had grown increasingly distant after each child of theirs was devoured by him. It had taken its toll on the Queen of titans and she had devised a plan which spared her youngest child, a boy whose name was Zeus. She had not handed over him but a rock wrapped in a baby bundle, her husband had not inspected the boy as she predicted but instead hastily consumed the rock. Now all she needed to do was conceal Zeus until he was strong enough to fight his father and free his siblings from Kronos' stomach where they were trapped. Each child that was devoured was secretly given their domains by Rhea so that one day her husband and his autocratic rule would be overthrown and the world be run by a more benevolent race of deities, her children, the Olympians. 10 years later Zeus had been raised by Gaia and nymphs on the island Crete, he was training for the biggest war in history between him and his father. After a decade in hiding it was time to enact the first part of the plan that he and his mother Rhea had discussed. She was to help smuggle him into Kronos' kitchens in Mount Othrys where he poured a concoction into his wine and the servants took it to him. Kronos happy that his throne was now secure was enjoying himself and happily drunk all of the wine, he became seriously ill blaming his fellow titans for trying to overthrow him and then he started regurgitating all of his children, the Gods. First came the stone that was swallowed in the place of Zeus, then the children which he had consumed shortly after their birth but they were grown fully and were vengeful, though they were powerful they would be no match for their father. Luckily he was still sick and they were able to make their escape to rally with their younger brother Zeus. With the Domains already settled they combined forces Thunder, Sea and Death. With Oceanus not siding with the Titans, Poseidon's power was unchallenged and he quickly mustered forces from all under the seas and arose with a huge army as well as Hades with an army of the dead. However large these armies were, their true power came from the Cyclopes and the Hekatonkheires who were freed from Tartarus by Zeus. For their freedom the Cyclops granted Zeus control over lightning and forged the master bolt, the Trident of Poseidon and the Helm of Darkness for the sons of Kronos. With these advantages the Gods now stood a chance at bringing down the Titanomachy and quickly marched south to the fields of Thessaly to finally do battle against the Titans with their new weapons and ally's victory seemed possible unlike the previous years where both sides came to an uneasy stalemate both unable to achieve a knockout victory. Kronos now knowing that the child to supplant him being Zeus decided to have another child one that would help him defeat his upstart son all he needed was time (AN: :D) his forces were strong enough to hold the Upstarts of Olympus until his new child would be born and his mother Gaia might rejoin their cause. He only needed one thing his wife Rhea who had betrayed him perhaps he could make use of her once more as she was the most powerful Titaness and she loved her family a weakness that could easily be exploited, all he needed to do was convince her to return to him, something that would need to be forced upon her. On the outskirts of Olympus Hestia the first born of Kronos and Rhea was gracefully walking along the streets of stronghold of the Gods admiring the busy streets where soldiers were enjoying the rest bite from the war, she was distraught about her family being torn apart just like her mother Rhea who she had spent most of her time with when they had escaped Kronos' stomach. She gazed down from atop the mountain and saw the battlefield between the two sanctuaries of the immortals. The countryside either side of the fields of Thessaly were untouched and shone in the sun reflecting light and gleaming with hope, she wished that all could be peaceful and undisturbed. This war needed to be won for the good of all she thought determined and willing to join the fight unlike the earlier stages of the war. She saw a wounded animal near an old tree and began to descend further outside the walls of Olympus to try and help the poor creature. However as soon as Hestia neared the animal she noticed a familiar glint in its eyes, she was confused. "Father?" she asked nervously with fear evident in her eyes, she continued to proceed towards the animal being pulled closer and closer. Then it opened its eyes slightly wider and formed into Kronos. Shocked she tried to scream but he slowed time around her before closing the gap and covering her mouth turning the cry for help into silence. "Beloved daughter, you should have sided with me instead of joining this pathetic attempt at rebelling against the titans and me. We can't be beaten we proved that against Ouranos the mighty Protogenoi of the Sky, I have plans for you my sweet daughter to make your mother come back to me" he finished spitefully with a growing smirk plastering his face, he turned around and saw guards running around frantically searching for Hestia and he knew his time was short. "Rhea" he bellowed "Return to Othrys by mid day or our daughter will fade in front of you" he shouted shaking the ground around him, he grabbed Hestia's arm teleporting them into the throne room of Othrys where he awaited his wife knowing she would submit to his will it was only a matter of time and on her return she would submit to him. On Olympus the Gods were in a frenzy one of their most powerful siblings had been abducted by their father and their position in the war had become that much harder to win. "Silence!" Zeus boomed being one of the commanders of the war, the council chamber had been in state of shock ever since their sister had been taken by their tyrannical father. "We will figure out a way to get Hestia back but we need to figure out a way to win the war, otherwise we will all be meeting in Tartarus" Poseidon shouted trying to calm down the rest of his siblings, most listened to Poseidon he was powerful and well respected and was extremely loyal when it came to his siblings. With the council calmed Poseidon looked back at Zeus who nodded his thanks and began to talk with power laced in his voice. "If we are to win this war we need all of our strength and that includes having Hestia but we must be strong and prepare for battle this war has lasted nine years and in that time we have seen destruction across this land. This is where it ends we will get our sister back by any means and defeat father" Zeus finished his speech and the council chamber suddenly erupted into cheers but was suddenly taken out of its positive vibe by Rhea's voice. "I have to go back to him " Rhea spat but started to tear up at the thought of her eldest child being killed by her husband, perhaps she could negotiate between the two and have both her husband and children back, she smiled at the idea and decided it was worth trying. "Mother he will kill you or worse" Hades spoke up looking at his mother with sadness in his eyes, he was close to Hestia and he didn't want to lose his mother too. "He won't kill me I'm his wife he only took little Hestia because he wants me back and he will deliver on his threat of killing her in front of me if I don't return to him" she admitted sadly there was no other way. Before anymore of her children could complain she quickly dropped her head and teleported back to Othrys and she was greeted with distasteful looks as she walked towards the throne room. She had caused this war and everyone that had died in the war was her fault, the thought sickened her all she had wanted was to have her children back but her husband had to believe the stupid prophecy and devoured all of her children. She approached the throne room and opened the door and saw her husband sitting with Hestia, they appeared to be talking about something that horrified Hestia whereas Kronos was smiling as he looked up he glanced and saw his beloved wife. "Hello my dear I was catching up with my daughter and it would appear they actually believe they can win this war doesn't that amuse you? While you were helping them I talked to mother and she has agreed to raise Typhon to help our cause. If you want to fight for the losing side then I will let you go but I'm afraid little Hestia won't be so fortunate but if you swear to stay with me I will let her run back to her rebellious brothers and sisters" he finished with a crooked grin across his face and Rhea was unsure of what to do. Her children need to end this war before Typhon rises but she couldn't sacrifice Hestia her decision was already made. "I swear I won't run away from you again Husband just let our daughter go" she spat looking up to her husband who quickly let go of Hestia who glanced thankfully to her mother before flashing out quickly before he broke his word. "You see Rhea, mother can't raise Typhon for another year but they won't know. In the meantime I will need to hold them back and what else will help keep me fighting than having family to fight for? Before you think I am going to devour this child I swear on Gaia that I won't harm this child" he looked towards his wife and saw her looking confusingly at him. Rhea thought why is he doing this? Surely their child would go over to the Olympians and give them the necessary power to overthrow him. She would get a child to take care of and her husband would be overthrown, is he thinking straight? She thought but it wasn't her problem. 2 months later Rhea had been in labour for over one week and she was worrying for the health of her child, she hadn't experienced pain like this before and had several other Titaness' helping the birthing due to the importance of this child to the titan war effort. Rhea eventually pushed the child out who came out ten years old with beautiful blond hair flowing down to her hips; she had freckles dotted across her nose though you had to look closely to see. Her eyes were the most notable part of her appearance; a bold golden colour just like her father's which seemed to hold a certain power behind them. Kronos came into the room and took the baby out of Theia's hands, Rhea looked horrified but he simply hugged her tightly and lowered her down and began talking to her. "Daddy?" she questioned "Yes my dear" Kronos responded "Where is mommy?"She asked "She ran away and joined our enemies but I know you wouldn't do that would you my little flower?" he said acting saddened this went deep into Rhea and she realised why he wanted another