" For though Sauron had passed, the hatreds and evil that he had bred had not died, and the King of the West had many enemies to subdue before the White Tree could grow in peace." The Return of the King, Appendix A : The Kings of the Mark , J.R.R. Tolkien Chapter 1 The sighing of the wind in the branches of the trees above him woke Eldarion from his sleep. "The wind is coming up," the young prince sleepily told Máel Dúin, the chief of his body guards."Aye," murmured Máel absently mindedly. He was listening intently to the voices in the wind that were just out of his hearing. The young prince had wanted to spend a few nights in the Druadan Forest and was fascinated by the beacon hills that were to be found there, especially the Tower of Eilenach. And, if truth be told, Eldarion was always hopeful that he would see one of the Druedain who lived there. Eladarion loved to hear stories of the battles with Sauron and how the Rohirrim came to the rescue of Gondor by these little-known pathways. At 15, he was now becoming somewhat headstrong when it came to taking these forays into sites of battles long since ended even though his guards were not always delighted to spend this much time so far away from the safety of Minas Tirith. As these thoughts chased each other through Máel's mind, the wind grew stronger, causing the branches of the pine trees above to creak in protest. The voices on the wind became clearer as well. Máel sprang from his sentry position grabbing his long sword as he rose. Those were not voices that had been heard in Gondor for many a year. To his ears, they had the harsh sounds of orc speech. But how could that be? The orcs had been vanquished long ago. They fell as their master fell in the great battle before the Black Gates of Mordor. "Arrgghhh!!" A hideous screech rent the air from right behind Máel in the dense forest. As he twisted around to face the sound and started to raise his sword, the other two guards, Danuph and Dyskel were hewn down by giant orc blades wielded by the largest orcs that Máel had ever seen. "It cannot be!" The words were torn from Máel's mouth as the hideous scene played out before his eyes. As he raised his sword he saw from the corner of his eyes, the young prince being forced headfirst into a large sack by four large orcs. Dimly aware Máel was pleased to see the fight that Eldarion was putting up. He would not be taken without the orcs surrendering some body parts to Eldarion's short dagger. Suddenly Máel's world exploded with a flash of light and pain. He knew no more. Rough voices made their way through Máel's pain-muddled brain. What was being said he could not quite make out. The language was not one that he could easily make sense of in his confused state of mind. Not with the splitting headache that he had. As he became more conscious of his surroundings, he realized that he had been trussed up as a fowl before roasting with rough cords tightly binding his hands and feet. These had been tied together behind his back which left him powerless to move. Not that movement was on his mind at the moment. Each small movement caused a spasm of pain to shoot through his skull as a hot knife through butter not to mention that his muscles were cramping painfully from being trussed up so tightly. Máel became aware that his cheek was pressed to the ground, the pebbles, sticks, and dirt rough against his skin. He tried to open his swollen eyes, but was unable to see more than a few inches from his face. The mindless noise that had surrounded him began to slowly form into coherent speech. Máel decided that it would best serve him to feign unconsciousness until he could better understand what had happened and his next course of action. A large roughly shod foot came down with a thud in front of Máel's face. A none too gentle nudge followed as an orc tried to see if Máel was conscious. "Huh. Weakling man," a guttural voice above him spoke. "Out a day and still he sleeps. Kull! Bring the bag of drink for our guest. It's time he visited with us." A smaller orc scurried over with a half-filled skin and handed it to his larger fellow orc who pulled the stopper out with his yellow fanged teeth. He grasped Máel by the back of his long hair, pulled his head back, and poured the thick red liquid down Máel's throat. Máel strangled and coughed as the bitter burning liquid made its way down this throat and an unhealthy warmth spread throughout his body. Coughing and choking, he looked up at the large bow-legged orc towering over him. "Well, well, little human, it's nice to see you decided to finally wake up. I cannot see that you are worth bothering with, but the general seems to think you're worth the trouble." Grabbing him roughly by the arms, he yanked Máel to his feet. Máel's muscles screamed in protest and his knees buckled. "Garn, stand you worthless bag of filth!" roared the orc. He pulled out a wickedly long knife with a jagged edge and drew it near to Máel's face. He brought it down and cut the bonds that tied Máel's feet. "Now you'd better walk, little human. Walk or you will feel the prick of my blade against your neck. I don't value your life as much as some others here might." He shoved Máel before him though the camp to a tent on its edge. The orc shoved Máel though the tent opening and into the dimly lit interior. "Down!" barked the orc striking Máel against the back of his knees causing him to drop down to the floor of the tent. The orc then backed away to the opening of the tent. Máel looked at his surroundings. It was a comfortably furnished tent. Almost luxurious. A small movement to his left caught Máel's attention. A tall man came into the dim light of the brazier and looked down at Máel, a wicked smile playing around the corners of his thin lips. "You!" A strangled cry was all that Máel could force from his parched throat. This nightmare was getting worse and worse. But worst of all, Máel knew that there would be no waking from this dream. Máel's mind reeled as he watched the familiar tall, thin man bend down to look at Máel. "Well-met, Máel of the Tower Guard," said the man. His voice was almost a purr as the man coldly looked over Máel. "Meldirion! What are you doing here? In the company of orcs! I cannot believe this of you!" said Máel in a shocked voice. But even as he said it, a glimmer of understanding began to come to Máel. Máel had never particularly liked this one of the King's counselors. He had never been able to put a finger on it, but Meldirion had always caused the hairs on the back of Máel's neck to raise and his skin to crawl slightly. Máel had put it down to just differences in personalities. Máel had little use for politicians of which Meldirion was consummate. Well, at least politicians of the sleazier sort he had to amend. Struggling to his feet, Máel slowly straightened to his full six foot four frame. Meldirion was tall, but not nearly as tall as Máel. Máel was grimly pleased to see Meldirion unconsciously step back a pace at Máel's glare. He recovered his composure soon enough and the sneer reappeared on his face. "Do not bother to play the righteous Tower Guard, Máel. I have not the time for it. "You are here as my guest , and I would that you break fast with me. You have been...ah...sleeping for a good while and I'm sure you feel the need to eat." Máel's traitorous stomach rumbled at the thought of food. Meldirion smiled as he heard the rumblings. Curiously, the smile never reached his grey eyes. "Please, sit," said Meldirion motioning to the table set with the food of a traveling army. Máel stood his ground even though his legs were weak with hunger and thirst. "Not until I get some answers," he growled at Meldirion. "Oh, if you must," and Meldirion waved an unconcerned hand in the air. "It's quite simple really. An exchange is in order. The brat's life in exchange for the throne of Gondor. I think it's a fair exchange, do you not?" A cold laugh escaped Meldirion's lips as he idly cut meat from the roasted bird on the table and placed it delicately into his mouth. "Prince Eldarion, he lives?" Relief and hope were unmistakable in Máel's voice. But almost at once, his voice hardened into the steel that his soldiers knew best. "Meldirion, if you have harmed one hair on the boy's head, it will be your head in repayment that I will personally take to the King and his lady." At this threat, Meldirion threw back his head and laughed a genuine laugh this time. "Oh, you amuse me, you self-satisfied Tower Guard. Just what do you think you can do about what I have or have not done? You seem to forget that you are my… ahem …guest here. Not the other way around." He again gestured to Máel to sit at the table. Máel's legs would no longer support his weight. He sank to the chair proffered him while his aching head fell into his hands as he succumbed to despair. Chapter 2 A shaft of sunlight streamed through the long window of the large hall as the King paced back and forth in front of the large fireplace. His brow was furrowed as he tapped one hand against the other behind his back. "Estel," murmured the soft voice of Queen Arwen, "nin tiro (look at me) ." Aragorn turned his head and smiled gently at the familiar name used between himself and Arwen in their private moments. "Nin lasto (Listen to me)," Arwen continued, as she sat by the window admiring her needlework. "Avo 'osto nad (Do not fear a thing) ." "Do not fear!" retorted Aragorn. "How can I not fear when Eldarion has not returned from his wanderings. The boy is incorrigible." Arwen laughed, her laugh like sparkles on a still lake. "And who does he remind me of, I wonder?" She moved her skirt to reveal two small girls who were playing around her feet. They looked up at their mother and grinned impishly. "Where is he!" Aragorn said impatiently. "I hope that Breomir has reached the Shire and is on his way back with those that I have asked him to seek." "I do not quite understand how you think that Hobbits, a Dwarf, an Elf and …." Her voice dwindled as she saw the raised eyebrow of Aragorn. "How they could help, was perhaps your question. Arwen, really!!" "I spoke before I thought, my love," Arwen replied, a soft blush rising in her cheeks. Aragorn moved to Arwen's side and sat down. "It is my idea that perhaps my friends can assist in more of an inconspicuous way than could a troop of guards." Arwen nodded in agreement. "But is there anything that they should be inconspicuous about? Eldarion will return shortly, I am sure." She patted Aragorn's hand. "You worry far too much." There was a tap at the door and it opened slowly. Meldirion's head appeared through the opened. "May I interrupt, my Lord?" he asked, his voice unctuous. "What is it, Meldirion?" asked Aragorn sharply. "Come in, come in." Meldirion sidled through the opening, twisting his hands suppliantly in front of