Disclaimer: I don't own Lord of the Rings, only Celanor. Prologue Celanor was the youngest of the four children of Elrond and Celebrian, and the younger daughter. She was close to Arwen in age, and old enough to remember clearly the passing of their mother into the West. She could not claim optimism during that time-she missed Celebrian as dearly as the rest of her siblings, and after nearly a thousand years could still feel the distinct sting of loss. However, it was the anniversary of her one-thousandth birthday, and the sting was dimmed by excitement and love of her family. Arwen had returned from Lorien for the occasion, radiant as always in her blue riding cloak, joined by Celeborn. Galadriel, needed in Lorien, had sent her wishes and laments on to Celanor through Celeborn. She had missed her sister in the years that she had been away, and immediately endeavored to spend more time with her. So, in the afternoon hours before the celebration was to begin, Celanor and Arwen prepared together in their rooms. "You ought to wear your hair up this evening, Anor," Arwen suggested, eyeing her sister as she brushed her hair with a fine comb. The younger elleth wrinkled her nose. "I never wear my hair up, why do it now?" "Because, you're going to be a millennia old, and it's a traditional thing!" "No it isn't, Arwen. You just want to put my hair up." "Maybe. Just one braid?" "Fine." Celanor, insisting on sitting on the windowsill for some fresh air, held a tree blossom in her palm while Arwen combed and braided her hair into a traditional warrior style, handing the blossom to Arwen when she asked to place it on the bottom of the final central braid. "There. Now it shows you're both strong and beautiful." Arwen had finished, but Celanor paid no attention. She was intent upon observing a party of visitors that their father was greeting in the courtyard. They had silver hair, similar to her grandfather's in length and texture, and stunning blue eyes paired with quite possibly the whitest skin she'd ever seen, even compared to her sister's alabaster tone. She fingered her own wavy golden strands, envying these obviously Sindarin elves in their beauty. She had always been told her hair was like sunshine, but she suddenly wished for the starlight hair of her mother's family, and was glad for the style Arwen had given her that hid the almost curly texture of her hair. So focused on vanity as she was, she almost missed when her father bowed to the elf at the front of the party. Intrigued, she leaned forward slightly to get a better look at the unknown elf. He was quite beautiful, with a strong jawline and an archer's build, and yet had a gentle look about him that was rare among the others in his party. All of her curiosity drained out of her to be replaced by embarrassment when the elf seemed to sense her gaze and looked up at her. Eyes wide and cheeks flushed, she resisted the urge to give an awkward little wave and instead lowered her gaze and retreated from the window, grimacing when she turned away. Arwen was grinning at her, eyebrow raised in admonishment. "Shut up," the elleth muttered, stepping to the wardrobe and selecting a gown rather than meeting her sister's gaze. "You've already made a fool of yourself, I'm just watching it happen!" "Please stop." Celanor groaned and stepped behind the dressing curtain, desperately trying to ignore her older sister as she dressed. "That's Legolas, if you wanted to know. Prince of Mirkwood." She resisted the urge to smack her forehead, stepping out from the curtain to meet the gentle teasing eyes of her sister. "Are you done now, my dearest sister?" "Yes, I'm quite finished. And you look wonderful, Celanor." Celanor looked at herself in the mirror and shrugged indifferently. She had opted for a simple flowing white gown and silk golden shawl with pearls and sparkling white stones sewn in at the waist. Arwen had added the same white jewels to her hair, sparkling like stars. Celanor touched them gently, recalling her previous wish for silver hair, and felt it again just as strong. In the dimming light her hair seemed yellow, her unnatural freckles more pronounced. Forcefully dispelling of her negative thoughts, she placed her circlet upon her head, nodded to herself in the mirror, and turned to Arwen with a bright smile. "Shall we go greet our visitors?" " Your visitors, Anor. They're here for you, remember that." "Really wish they weren't." "Oh, shut up." Arm in arm, they set off together for the courtyard where their father stood. He was now joined by Elladan and Elrohir, their two brothers, twins in body and soul. Furthermore, Legolas had joined the little greeting group, to Celanor's great dismay. As soon as she spotted him she began dragging her feet as Arwen pulled her along. "You're such a little sister, Celanor." "Oh, really? I had no idea." Both brothers, hearing their youngest sister's sarcastic laments, turned with matching grins to greet their sisters. "Late, as always," Elrohir commented, this directed to Arwen, who made a face at him. "Why, Anor's ever so eager to arrive, look at her!" Elladan added, grinning wider at Celanor's huff of annoyance. "This is your party, you know, dear one." "Shove off, Elladan," Celanor replied, the corner of her lips twitching. "Ouch, already so old and crotchety!" Elladan clutched his heart in mock-hurt, looking to his brother. "Elrohir, who knew she could spit such venom!" "I don't even care that I look nice right now, Elladan, I will tackle you," Celanor made to crack her knuckles, but then her father sighed and finally turned around. "Please don't, you two," he admonished, though with an amused smile. "Why so disgruntled, my daughter?" Elrond asked, directing his dark eyes to his youngest child, who turned her matching ones on him with a raised brow. "Ada, you try preparing for a celebration with Arwen." Lord Elrond began to chuckle while Arwen attempted to fight for her dignity, causing Celanor to release a grudging smile. "I suppose it's been a good decision of mine not to do so, hm?" "You'd be right in that assumption," Celanor grinned up at her father, who placed a kiss upon her forehead. "Welcome to one thousand years, Anor." To anyone else within the courtyard, it seemed then that Celanor glowed far brighter than any elf in Rivendell, resembling the sun for which she'd been named. "Thank you, Ada," she murmured, so pleased with this small act of affection that she was nearly unable to speak. "Ah, and let me introduce you to a friend of Elrohir and Elladan's, whom you have not yet had the chance to meet," Elrond gestured, and Legolas joined the circle from where he had been speaking with Elrohir briefly. Celanor, barely remembering her earlier embarrassment, smiled and bowed to the prince of Mirkwood. "Well met, Legolas, Prince of the Woodland Realm," she greeted, meeting his gaze. She was a little surprise to find that he was smiling, and he inclined his head to her. "You are far more beautiful than your brothers have claimed, Lady Celanor of Rivendell," Legolas replied. His voice was melodic and gentle, and Celanor quickly found herself coloring at his words, not knowing quite what to say to that. "My sister rivals the sun herself," Arwen came to her aid, smiling at her, and Celanor immediately found her footing. "I do not," she demurred, but smiled indulgently to ease the firmness of her words, "for the lady Galadriel rivals both the sun and stars, as you and I well know." Celanor thought she saw Arwen's gaze dim in disappointment for a moment, but the moment was gone as the time to go to the falls for the celebration had come. Celanor nodded to Legolas once more, who joined her brothers, though she noticed he still looked at her with something like a twinkle in his eyes. Feeling her father's palms on her shoulders, Celanor looked to him with a small smile. "There are some things I will need to discuss with some of the Woodland elves today, daughter, but you will remember to save me a dance, yes?" Lord Elrond asked, and Celanor found herself nodding, even as she wanted to ask him what they would be discussing. "Celanor!" Confused, she looked around to find the source of the voice, until she was ambushed by a hug. Laughing, she returned it to the young man. "Estel, I am truly blessed to see you today." "I've brought you a gift, my friend," the young man stepped away, brushing his dark hair from his face-Celanor felt a moment of sadness, he was aging so quickly, only twenty years had passed-and smiling at her as he held something out. Astonished, Celanor took a long look at the beautifully crafted sheathed sword he held out to her. The sheath itself had engravings depicting the last Alliance that fought against the forces of Mordor, with Isildur and her own father at the front. "Aragorn-" "Go on, take it!" He urged, grinning excitedly. Very gently, Celanor took the blade from his hands and pulled it from the sheath. If she was astonished before, it didn't hold a candle to her shock now. It was a perfect sword for her, curved near the end in the true Elvish style, perfectly balanced, and engraved in the language of the Noldor and of the Sindar, named Sunspear. She raised her gaze to Aragorn, who continued to grin. "The name is fitting, I think, don't you?" "I don't know what to say, my friend-" "It's all right, the look on your face says enough," he laughed, happy and bright. "Use it well, Celanor." In those words, a touch of his usual uncanny wiseness showed, and Celanor smiled. The evening continued in a whirl, though Celanor refused to drink the strong wine that the other Elves were taking pleasure in. She spent most of it at the table observing the whole affair contentedly, with her new sword resting at her hip in a reassuring manner. Aragorn's gift was one that she already treasured, knowing that she would in fact use it well in the years to come. She was trained as a warrior, which was the reason she was allowed the privilege of wearing her hair in the way Arwen had done it, and was keenly aware of the growing darkness in Middle Earth. Where others found relief in company, she found it with both that and a weapon at her side. Even so, she found it difficult to bring forth the desire to dance, hit with a painful longing after a quiet conversation with Celeborn-she wished her mother was there. She was often hit with these moments, where she felt a hole in her heart that could not be filled, as though all the love she gave her mother every day was sucked away, leaving nothing behind to be given. She didn't know if her siblings ever felt this way, but knew her father coped with something far more difficult as he loved Celebrian deeply and had a great bond with her. She wished Celebrian was there to dispel of her worries, her self-consciousness about the beautiful Sindarin elves that filled the celebration, with their silver-white hair and piercing blue eyes. She wished she were there to remind her of her spirit, to reassure her of her worth in ways that her siblings and her father were simply unable to. So she watched from afar as Aragorn and Arwen fell in love, and smiled as her brothers told boisterous stories to groups, slipping away as soon as the opportunity arose. By the river and under the trees, she could breathe, and let the sadness clutch at her heart. She pressed her hand to her chest,