The sun has long since set, and things are finally starting to wind down for the day as Haymitch makes his way toward the elevator, situated in the finished part of the floor. Finnick has everything under control; he'll make sure that everything is straightened out and left properly before the guys pack up and leave for the day. He might have looked young and dumb to Haymitch when he'd first met him, but he's hard pressed to deny that Finnick is a pretty good second in command. He's more than that really; he'd been the one to make sure that everything was ticking over and being done properly when Haymitch had been sorting himself out after the incident, and he'd basically managed the last job from start to finish. In short, Finnick is an all round good guy. Haymitch grimaces slightly when he thinks of all of the companies who'll be dying to get their hands on him when word of his abilities gets out. He'll be a tough act to follow, that much is certain. He approaches the finished section of the building that houses the elevators and stairwells, leading to the various offices and meeting rooms that are spread out over the five floors. All of the other floors have been completed, and there's just this last one to work on before this job is officially over and done with. He groans inwardly when he catches sight of the only other person who's stood waiting for the lift, and his groan isn't just because her black skirt is fitted and stretched over her ass like a second skin. She may have an ass that won't quit, but her mouth doesn't quit either, and he's not sure if he has the strength to deal with her snide comments and stuck up attitude for a second longer. He briefly considers taking the stairs, but they're five floors up, and his legs are aching, and surely he can put up with her for a minute or so? She must hear him approaching because she turns to face him with a smile on her face that drops as soon as she sees that it's him. "Fancy seeing you here, princess," he says as he comes to a stop beside her, her black heels in stark contrast to the pristine white tiles of the floor. She sighs irritably, folding her arms in a way that has his eyes flickering to her chest for a fraction of a second. "I've told you more than once, Mr Abernathy. My name is not princess, or sweetheart, or any of the other ridiculous monikers you seem to have seen fit to bestow on me. My name is Effie Trinket. You should know; it's on your contract under the heading, Supervising Architect ." The elevator dings, signalling its arrival, and they both step in immediately, gravitating to opposite sides and placing as much space as possible into the gulf that lies between them. He's certain that that little dig about her being his supervisor had been meant to sting, but he just smirks to himself as he remembers the absolute fit she'd thrown when she'd heard him on the phone to Chaff, referring to her as the designer. He'd had to endure her ranting on about how long she'd studied for, and the years of training, and Do you even realise how much work becoming an architect entails, Mr Abernathy? The way her chest had heaved under his gaze had almost made having to listen to the screeching of her voice worthwhile, and he chuckles quietly at the memory of it. The glare she throws his way tells him that she probably has some idea of what he's laughing about, and she mumbles something about cavemen before sniffing the air in distaste and angling herself so that she's turned away from him. Haymitch isn't sure why this bitch seems to have such a stick up her ass, and he muses to himself, not for the first time, that she'd probably benefit from a good seeing to. She seems as though she's the sort of woman to demand flowers and dinner before making love with whichever poor sap she's calling her boyfriend at the time. She's probably never been fucked a day in her life, and she looks like the type who'd secretly enjoy it. Haymitch can't deny that he'd willingly volunteer for the job. She looks like some sort of fantasy librarian or some shit, with her neatly pinned blonde hair, and those red glasses she wears when she's reading from plans, and those shirts that are never fully buttoned. And then there are the skirts, and the high heels that she totters around in and somehow manages to avoid breaking her neck. He'd be lying if he said that he hadn't thought about what it would feel like to have her legs wrapped around his waist and those heels digging into the small of his back, her blonde hair free and untamed. He turns his head and finds Effie regarding him quizzically, and he's about to make a sarcastic comment about not thinking too hard lest she hurt herself, when all of a sudden there's a jolt. The floor underneath them starts to shake tremulously before all movement ceases, and the elevator comes to a jarring halt. Haymitch shifts his attention back to Effie and finds her looking around the small space with a confused and slightly panicked expression on her face. She brushes past him and leans forward slightly so that she can press the assistance button on the wall. He's suddenly aware of the warmth of her body where it's pressed up against his own, and when he shifts his head to look at her, he's greeted with the sight of a scrap of white lace peeking out above the dip in her shirt. She glances up and catches him staring, and although her eyes narrow into a glare, there's the barest hint of a blush starting to work its way across her chest. The noise of feedback on the line startles the both of them. Effie turns back to face the speakers, but not before Haymitch spots her tongue darting out to moisten her lips. He feels his cock stir at the sight, and he wonders what else that tongue is capable of. Haymitch doesn't get involved in the conversation that follows, and he's only half listening as Effie demands that Brutus from security does something now . He hears Brutus tell her in a bored voice that the engineers will be called, and that their usual response time is a couple of hours. He winces slightly as Effie's voice becomes even more high pitched and whiny in response to his statement. There's some back and forth between the two of them, before Brutus abruptly informs them that there's nothing more he can do until the engineers arrive, and that the intercom will ring if there are any further updates. Effie takes her finger off the button and makes a noise of frustration. "Well, this is absolutely beyond . Two hours! Do they not realise that some people have lives to get on with?!" she fumes, and Haymitch snorts in amusement. "Can't say that two hours stuck in here with you is my idea of a good time either, sweetheart." Effie makes a noise of disapproval and starts to say, "Mr Abernathy-" but Haymitch cuts her off before she can get the rest of her sentence out. "Would you stop fucking calling me that?" he growls, "It's Haymitch." He's trying to ignore the effect she's having on him when she calls him Mr Abernathy in that snooty voice; he's not sure if her calling him Haymitch will make things better or worse, but it's sure as hell worth a try. "If you stop calling me by those ridiculous pet names then I might just consider it," she acquiesces, and she crosses her arms across her chest again. Haymitch can't help but let his eyes be drawn down to the fabric of her shirt, and the way it's pulled tight across her tits. "I think you secretly love it," he responds with a smirk, and the smirk widens when the blush across her chest intensifies, and her cheeks bloom with colour. He's not sure whether her reaction is down to his blatant leering, or because he's hit the nail on the head with his statement, but she's a sight for sore eyes when she's all flustered like this, and he finds that he doesn't give a fuck what the cause is. "I most certainly do not. I've never heard anything so ridiculous in all my life," she snaps, but her voice has climbed an octave, and it seems that she's more affected by his words that she'd care to admit. He chuckles again and raises his hands in a mock show of surrender, but he mentally files that piece of information away as useful, and he can't help but hope that he'll get the chance to test his theory soon. Possibly even while they're still in this elevator. They lapse into a silence that isn't completely uncomfortable. Her arms are still crossed in a show of disapprobation, and Haymitch allows his eyes to flit down once again. There's a smattering of freckles across her chest, and Haymitch ponders what she would taste like were he to press his lips against her skin. Her shirt is light and almost see through, so see through that he wonders if he would be able to see her nipples straining against the fabric if she were to just move her damn arms. Effie shifts awkwardly under his gaze, but she's still got that flush across her cheeks, and there's a look in her eyes that tells Haymitch that she isn't entirely unaffected by his gaze. She clears her throat and he looks up, stifling a groan when her tongue peeks out to moisten her lips. "Why are you leaving early anyway?" she asks, straightening up and sniffing slightly as she continues, "I thought there was at least another hour or so left to your working day." "None of your fucking business," he snaps before he can stop himself, and she reels back slightly at the venom in his voice. He grits his teeth, inwardly cursing his impetuousness, and his voice is calmer when he elaborates, "Finnick is overseeing. I got places to be." He doesn't tell her the real reason for his leaving early. That come the end of the shift, Finnick and Jo will likely drag everyone to the closest bar, and that he's not sure if he can handle being around all of that booze without giving into temptation. He's not strong enough yet. He still can't forget the way the whisky had felt as it had coursed through his veins; the way it had burned his throat going down and warmed him from the inside out. Effie tuts disapprovingly. "That's a shame. Annie will be disappointed. I think she was hoping that Finnick would be allowed to leave early today, on account of all the late nights he's been putting in all week. He and Johanna in particular seem to be very hard workers." Haymitch racks his brains. Annie must be the little redhead who seems to shadow Effie everywhere she goes, sketchpad and pencil in hand. He hadn't been aware that she had something going on with Finnick, but now he comes to think about it, the younger man does seem to have been hanging around the break room more often lately. "How do you know so much about my team, princess?" he asks quizzically. Her eyes dart to him before she quickly averts her gaze, one of her arms unfolding itself to pick at an invisible piece of lint on her arm before she starts to speak. "Have you forgotten that you were absent when work began here? And for months afterwards? Finnick