Title : Not Broken Just Bent Author : LosT-in-Twific This first chapter was written for : Fandom 4 LLS Pre-read by Lostred Rose aka Lusty Losty * wink * and Cloe Marrie, and beta'd by AJasperForMe (Bridgette) aka AJFM Drofnats Thank you so much girls. As always, I couldn't have done this without you. You chicas rock! Rating : MA / NC-17 Disclaimer : Characters are Stephenie's, plot is mine. Warning : Bella will be in a pretty dark place for a while. Angst, hurt, drama, pain … she won't make the smartest or best decisions. People who don't like Bella sleeping around probably shouldn't read 'May', 'June' and 'July'. At some point she also physically hurts herself. Nothing too bad and it isn't graphic, but I thought I'd warn you anyway. However, if you think you're up to it and you want to completely understand where she's coming from, I encourage you to read the whole story. All will be good in the end, I promise. Also, this may or may not be based on my own life at a certain point ... Summary : Bella and Edward. There are still certainties in this life. Or are there? Bella gets hurt like she's never been hurt before. She doesn't know how to cope and she's slowly losing her grip on reality. One day, someone new walks into her life. Will he be another nameless face, a way to push away the pain and hurt, or will he stick around long enough to get her back on track? Yes people, this will be a Bella x Jasper story, eventually , and you'll love it. I hope ... ;) Every morning when I wake up, there's this moment where I'm happy. It's my favorite part of the day, those short, blurry seconds of utter perfection. Until I remember what happened and I'm feeling the pain again. CHAPTER 1 March "Edward, do you feel this too?" I tried really hard not to jump on my feet, but it wasn't easy considering I felt as excited as a six year old with a free pass to the candy store. "This ... fits!" I wrapped my arms around his waist and pulled him closer in a tight hug. I glanced around once more and could feel a deep, red blush creeping its way up on my cheeks, giving away the happiness and anticipation nestling itself in me. Edward bent down and kissed me gently on my colored cheek before chuckling softly, making fun of my antics. "I'm having a very good feeling about this too, love," he whispered in my ear. He wriggled himself loose from my still tight grip around him, took my hand in his and made a beeline for the larger of the two bedrooms, pulling me with him. "Come on, Bella, let's take another look around. We could be calling this our home in a few months." I covered my mouth with my free hand to muffle the sound of my giggle and let him drag me through the apartment we were visiting. We'd been browsing through real estate websites late last night, me sitting in Edward's lap in front of his laptop, munching on a snack. It was something we often did—just for the fun of it—and my heart always started making double flips when I thought about Edward and I getting our own place, really starting our lives together. When we'd caught sight of this little treasure, in between bites of cherry tomato and cheese, I'd immediately felt a spark. Edward had had his arm around my stomach so I wouldn't fall face down on the carpet and by the way his grasp had tightened around me, I'd known he was as thrilled as I had been. It was a very impromptu decision when Edward had called the real estate office early this morning, asking if we could visit. Even after being together for a mere eight months, we felt secure in our relationship. There was a certain tranquility surrounding us, like a fleece blanket on a cold winter's night. After my somewhat turbulent teenage years, I'd accepted Edward's peace and quiet as a very welcome gift. I knew we'd have to discuss a lot of matters after our visit but I was also positive we could make it work if we really wanted to. I had a very well-paying student job as a hostess in the local theatre and Edward made good money as a computer tech. Ever since we'd gotten together, we'd been spending most of our time at Edward's small rented studio anyway. I wasn't afraid of officially moving in with the love of my life. We loved each other, what more did we need? April I'd barely swallowed my last bit of crunchy toast covered in a too-thick layer of butter as I started to tap my fingers on the table. "Come on, baby," I urged Edward, impatience taking over. "If we don't leave now, it'll be insanely crowded in the mall once we get there. And my appointment at the salon is at ten." I got up from my chair and put my dirty dishes in Edward's kitchen sink thinking that we'd really need to consider buying a dishwasher if we'd finally have our own place. We had visited the perfect apartment last month but Edward eventually had his doubts. Out of the two of us, he was the voice of reason. The one that got carried away in a heartbeat, just as much as I did, but also the one who thought things through and through, analyzing until there was nothing left to analyze. After we'd let it rest for a couple of days, the importance of the decision hanging as a black cloud above us, he'd admitted his hesitation in typical Edward style. " It's not that I don't want to, sweets. But think about it. I mean, really think about it." He pinched the bridge of his nose before slipping both hands into his pockets, rocking back and forth on the spot. If I didn't know better, I'd think he was afraid of me, of my reaction. Granted, my emotions could be flying around like a canary on crack, they usually were, but I did understand the gravity of this decision. I mean, I was only nineteen and a college student, and I wasn't going to force Edward to do something he didn't want to do. " Look, Bella." He straightened his back and took a deep breath. "I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. However, I'd prefer it if we could continue what we have now for a little while longer. You spend most of your time here anyway. As long as your parents are cool with it, why not?" Honestly? It still hurt. Instead of focusing on the well-hidden rejection, I'd decided to focus on the I love you part and not dwell on it for too long. We had an eternity together in front of us and I wasn't about to go all teenage drama queen on him over this. There would be other apartments in our future and they would be better than the perfect one we'd let slip through our hands. "Ready, Miss Impatience?" Edward had finished his breakfast and snuck up on me, putting his hands on my shoulders, gently squeezing. "If we don't leave now, it'll be insanely crowded," he cackled. I huffed, escaped his grip and turned around, narrowing my eyes. "You know, Edward, sometimes you really are intolerable. I do not sound like that!" Stomping my feet, I made my way over to the front door, grabbing my purse on the way out. "Are you coming?" ~NBJB~ I'd never cared much for the way I looked before meeting Rosalie and Kate on the first day of O-week. I'd shown up as my usual self in black skinny jeans, a 100 Monkeys t-shirt and my loyal black and ratty Converse. During the guided tour on campus, I'd made a snarky comment about something the campus guide, who obviously had a huge stick up his ass and felt a lot more important than he actually was, had said. The freakishly tall and gorgeous blonde next to me had burst out into laughter, earning herself a look of disdain from said guide. She'd held me back by my arm when the group moved on to the next stop, extending her right hand. "Rosalie Hale. You're totally my type of person." After the tour had finished, we'd found ourselves at a table in the campus restaurant, making small talk over lunch. She couldn't have been any more different than I was—blonde versus brown; tall versus on the short side; graceful versus the definition of clumsy; confident versus withdrawn—but yet we'd hit it off. It was thirty minutes into the lunch break when our chat had been interrupted by the shrieking sound of a chair that got dragged over the floor, away from the table. "Hey, sorry to interrupt, but is this seat taken?" Another blonde girl had approached the table where we sat and had been awkwardly holding the chair back, head tilted to the side and eyes wide. Rosalie had slowly shaken her head and made a go ahead gesture with her hand. "Great! I'm Kate, by the way." She'd put her tray down on the table and sat down. She took a sip from the already-opened can of Diet Coke and looked up again, ignoring Rosalie and instead fixating her stare on me. I'd started squirming on my chair, feeling uncomfortable. She'd narrowed her eyes and pointed her right index finger at me. "Honey, I don't sugarcoat, so believe me when I say that you could do with one hell of a makeover." After being dumbfounded for a few very long seconds and trying to decide if I should up and leave, smile and keep my mouth shut or say something back to break the ice, I'd said something that to this day still surprised the hell out of myself. "Sure, knock yourself out. I'm Bella, by the way." Instant friendship? Check! My high school friends had pretty much all ventured out to every possible corner of the country, ready for their own college experience, while I had stayed behind, still living in Hotel Home . My parents didn't see the need for me to move thousands of miles away if there was a perfectly fine community college just around the corner, so to speak. On top of that, I hadn't felt the urge to put much effort into deciding what I wanted to do with my future. When all my friends had been sending out their application forms and cracking their brains over acceptance essays, I'd been too busy skipping classes and thinking being rebellious was cool. Back then I couldn't have cared less about something so far off and vague as my future . It had only been a few days after the beginning of our spontaneous friendship that I'd found myself at Paul's for the first time, flanked by Rosalie and Kate. Leave it up to those two fashionistas to find the best salon in town after only having been there for a week. I'd lived in the same place for almost nineteen years and I'd never set foot in any of the salons in the local mall. Truth be told, I'd come to terms with the new me pretty fast. My plain and boring glasses were replaced by contacts. My mousy brown hair was straightened and had highlights in it and for the first time in my life, my nails didn't look like I had been biting on them non-stop, even though I had. And that's why, when Rosalie suggested I go on a date with her boyfriend's best friend, I'd pulled up my new facade of confident and sexy and just went for it. The rest, as they say, was