The Heart of the Matter HisGirlFriday882 BPOV Why she hadn't seen all this before I lost my heart in the middle of this mess, I'll never know. Alice was supposed to be infallible. She saw everything and never hesitated to remind you that she knew everything, too. She got what she wanted with nothing more than a vision, a bat of an eyelash, a twirl and a giggle. I hope that she was the friend she always portrayed, and that this betrayal truly came as a surprise to both of them. I want them both to be happy, I just always thought they would both be happy with me, as a friend or as a mate. Imagine my surprise when I wake one morning in the summer before my senior year, still in a walking cast, a constant reminder of my run-in with James in Phoenix, to find a somber Emmett at my front door. I'd liked to think I knew Emmett fairly well. He had become the brother I'd never had, of sorts, and we often whiled away the hours at the Cullen home laughing together, joking around or playing his new favorite video game. I invited him inside, and he broke my heart. He told me of Alice's 'vision' the night before, how she'd dropped Esme's vase of roses and stared of into the future for several hours. He recounted Edward's facial expressions and other reactions to the silent, life-changing scenes dancing around in the midnight fairy's head. He told me that when she came back to herself, there was more silence for up to an hour, in which the two locked eyes and communicated in a way that he and I never would. He told me the rest, and I absorbed it as well as a single sponge could absorb an entire sea. He handed me their letters, and allowed me to read and come to terms silently within myself. I felt that Alice's letter might hurt me the least, so I opened that one first. 'Bella, 'Believe me when I say that this was a total surprise, not only to Edward but to our entire family. As you may have been told, last night changed everything. I'm not sure why this vision wasn't given to me decades ago, it would have saved us all a lot of heartbreak. Regardless of whether or not you'll believe me, we're all hurting here. Even now, I am heartbroken. 'The man I loved with my whole heart and soul for over half a century was suddenly not mine to love. To have and to hold were suddenly whispers in the wind, no more concrete than a wisp of smoke, or a light fog after a summer's rain. I saw what I was to him, for him. I saw what I would drive him to, and thousands of other tiny glass shards of pain splintering in the hearts of every single person I have ever cared about. My husband and my best friend, left gasping and bloody in a puddle of my mistakes. 'These are my mistakes, Bella, even if I didn't know I was making them indirectly for my entire existence. With a hopeful heart and hopeless intentions, I ruined the most pivotal years of Jasper's existence. His reform, conforming to a life of peace and pacifism, could be totally derailed by my leaving. If you love me at all, Bella, you'll try to help him continue to uncover his humanity. If anyone could bring out the human part of a vampire, that's you, Bella. 'You are so special and so wonderful, such a fantastic friend, a safe haven for every man, woman, beast, and child to ever cross your path. You are full of so much love to give, more than you can even fathom. I've seen it all, Bella. You will change the lives of those around you in ways they could never dream, and you'll do it all without me there to ruin it. 'As long as I live, I'll regret never being able to tell you goodbye in person. I'm not you, Bella. As much as you had previously believed it to be true, I'm not perfect. 'I know not to ask you to forgive me, to ask you to hold back your anger and resentment and hate for me. I've seen that, and the wonderful, caring girl that you are, you would try to chew it up and spit out rainbows and unicorns. False happiness is what I'm trying so hard to leave, and that's the last thing I'd want. 'We're leaving now, and I've told the rest of the family not to look for us, they couldn't find us anyway. It came down to this, Bella; we could stay and pretend we didn't see the truth, or we could leave and allow the future to unfold as it should. We love you all too much to let that happen, suppressing the truth would have ended much worse than all of this, I promise you. Your pain turns to pleasure, and heartache turns to a happiness so great that it aches. This is a life that will be so wonderful for you, otherwise unattainable. 'Remember what I said Bella, if you love me at all, deep inside, help Jasper like I can't now. If you ever decide you want to talk to us, or need us, call this number. 1-(247)-860-8822 'Everything I left behind is no longer anything I have rights to. The room, the money, the furniture, the cars, the homes, all yours. Everything I had is now yours, as it should be. 'With love, 'M.A.B.' I sat in silence on my father's couch and cried hard and long with my big brother bear holding the pieces of me together. I couldn't handle it. My tiny body was threatening to explode like the metal of an overworked boiler. My axis had shifted, and my anchor, my tether to life and the essence of 'me' was suddenly ripped away. I never believed that a man should define a woman, my mother had taught me that early on. However, I knew that Edward and I had been good together and I would miss 'us.' I would miss my smiles and looks that were his and his alone. First loves were the hardest to fall from, and mine held an intensity that was downright supernatural. "Emmett," I sobbed. "Take this away and don't give it to me until I ask you for it. I don't want to hear of it until I'm ready. Ok?" I handed him Edward's letter, and he slipped it back into the confines of his coat. "Anything for you, Bella. Just tell me what you need from me now." Of course, my big strong brother was about to be my rock in the storm of the century. I needed him, and he knew it. "Just hold me, Em," and he did. APOV I wrote the letter to Bella, and the letters to the rest of them, in a frenzied rush from our safe house deep in the forest. Edward was pacing, growling to himself. "…I don't know about this Alice. Your visions have changed before. I don't want to just abandon her like this. What she'll think of me… I just can't stand it. I don't want her to see me like that. I'll love her forever, and she'll think of me as a cheater. You know her, you know what she'll think. She'll think she wasn't enough for me, enough to hold my attentions, my affections, when in reality I'll be pining for her for my entire existence." I sighed, "I know, Edward; but real love is selfless love. In case you have forgotten, I'm leaving my husband of over half a century based on my visions. I love him enough to let him go. You saw it as clearly as I did. They live together for as long as I can see wrapped up in a bubble of real love and happiness. I'm not sure who made what decision, but they put all of this spinning into motion. They're not ours anymore, and we should step aside. "Can you imagine if they knew? Of course you can. I saw it. They end up hating each other and themselves for feelings they can't control. They won't be happy with each other, and they won't be happy with us. One of them takes the plunge, and the other is soon to follow. Is that what you'd rather? Is that what you want for her?" He threw himself to the cabin floor, desperate and helpless. He didn't want to leave, and neither would I, but we both knew it was best. "I hate the thought of him with her, Alice. She's mine. She always will be, regardless of what happens between them. I'll be waiting in the wings for her, there's no one else for me. I just hope he screws up before this even really starts. The moment their future changes, I'll be back for her." To be honest, I hoped he did too. I wanted to give them their fair chance, I felt like I owed him that, but if it didn't work out, I loved him enough to play second fiddle to Isabella Swan. RPOV The whole family was left reeling as Edward and Alice darted into the woods. What the fuck happened? I looked to Emmett for some form of explanation, but he had none to offer. Carlisle and Esme were equally in the dark. Jasper was off on a long hunt to stave off his thirst, so much more intense than the rest of ours, or he probably could have gotten the vision out of his wife. At this point, the whole of the Volturi could be honing in on our territory to rip us all to bits for Edward's terrible decisions, and we'd have no idea. I swear, our whole family has been flipped into a whole new way of existence just because Edward decided to cozy up to the little human. I didn't understand it, I didn't support it, and I knew that one day, we would all die for it. The four of us sat down to try to piece together the puzzle of Alice's vision. We were just an hour or so in when the tiny dancer herself pranced back into the house holding the hand of our brother. Wait, what? Edward? Alice dropped several letters onto the table from her small black Chanel backpack. "Emmett, I hope that you'll see to it that Bella's letters get to her in the morning. Give her both of them with Edward's on top. She'll read mine first and give his back to you to keep until she's ready. It's important that you give it to her, though. She needs to know it's there for her when she wants it. "The two of us have decided it is in our best interest to leave together tonight. We don't see happiness in our current relationships and have decided that a greater happiness will come from our departure. Don't try to look for us, you won't find us. Thank you all for the time that you allowed us to live with you and be your family. We truly appreciate all you have done. Please, grant us this last request and give everything of ours to Bella. Care for her and for Jasper just as you would if we were still here." All of us were completely floored. Alice and Edward? How the hell did that happen? Of course, we had all suspected for years what with their special communications, and the way they seemed to know so much about each other, that something was going on. The way Alice was with Jasper certainly did much to discredit these suspicions, and when Edward found the human, it seemed the final nail in that rumor's coffin, so-to-speak. I hadn't expected this. Alice