Okay so this is my new story, "Here For a Moment, Gone in a Blink." I really like writing this story for some reason, I haven't quite figured out why though. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I like writing it. FULL SUMMARY: Lily Evans doesn't have any friends, especially since her only true friend Severus, turned out to not be very true at all after he called her a mudblood, in front of half of the school. She's a smart quiet girl, that mostly minds her own business. But something happens that puts her on the marauder's radar and suddenly they seem to be everywhere, especially their best mate Katarina Meadows who can't seem to leave her alone. They all begin to like her, Except James Potter who can barely stand the sight of her, or anyone for that matter. There are problems that he's holding in that make him that way and well as she grows closer to all his friends, she can't help but want to know who and what made James Potter a complete areshole. And she won't stop until she finds out, even if they're getting in the way of her own problems. In this story you will also see some Sirius/OC and Remus/OC! Chapter one- Katarina and the Marauders. "Seriously James? Enough." I shake my head. "Merlin, you're such a prick sometimes." James Potter lifted his head from Snape and stared at me without interest. "Is that so, Katarina?" He asked in what seemed to be a calm demeanor when really, everyone could see how clearly pissed off he was. "Are you saying that I should just let him go, after what he said to you? " I stared at my best mate and knew how wrong it was to push his buttons because James Potter was not known to be calm or nice, even. Especially during a fight and even when the person was someone he deeply cared for. When he gets like this he becomes completely stoic. Nothing can touch him. "That is exactly what I'm saying." I tell him, deciding to push his buttons anyway. Because even though James usually doesn't back down from a fight, he always listens to reason. The boys that stood around me turned quiet, not wanting to involve themselves in one of mine and James' rows. "Remus is a prefect, you know how much trouble he could get in. And you yourself are Head Boy! Knock it off." James sighed and turned away from Snape. He was quiet, too quiet and I wasn't sure how this was going to work out. It could go one of two ways. He could completely ignore me and go back to what he was doing or he could agree with me and back down. "You're right." He says after a while with a shake of his head. "My bad Remus." And crisis averted. Remus rolls his amber colored eyes. "It's cool; I probably could have easily blamed it on someone else anyway, as could you." I grin at Remus. "Well in that case." I walk over to Snape, to where he was laying stiff as a board on the ground and stomp on his large nose. "Take that, you slimy little git." James wraps his around my shoulder, turning me in the opposite direction towards the common room. "Oh Kitty Kat, one day you are going to give a bloke a lot of trouble. I feel for him." I raise an eye brow in his direction. "He feels sorry for me?" I ask Sirius, Remus, and Peter all of whom had amused smiles on their faces. "What about you and that temper Mr. Potter? A girl will look at you and run in the complete opposite direction." I stop and think for a moment. "Sort of like they do now." "Oh sod off." He says jokingly, pushing me away from him. "Girls love me. They find me attractive and highly good in bed." I scrunched up my nose in disgust. "Gross James, really." "You sounded a bit conceited there, Prongs." Sirius says from my left. "Oh!" I said turning to him. "The great Sirius Black has spoken, bloody hypocrite. You are the most conceited boy I know!" "She's got a point, mate." Remus agrees with a smile. Sirius just shrugs already knowing it's the truth. "Katarina?" I glance at Peter who had been uncharacteristically quiet. "Yeah?" "Well no offense to you and your 'big head', but aren't you a tad bit conceited as well?" We all get quiet for a moment and then burst out in laughter. It was times like these, when Peter said those types of comments that we realized maybe he was just like us after all. XX The common room was empty when we walked in, all except for Lily Evans. Lily's bright green eyes flickered with the flames she seemed to be staring at. Her expression was completely blank and one that I had seen on Sirius too many times to count. Something happened. I for one had never talked to Lily. I don't really think many people have. From what I heard she used to have friends, not many mind you, but for some reason after fifth year she just stopped talking to everyone. Especially that git Snape, who even after supposedly being her best friend called her a mudblood. It was in front of us and basically half the school, sometime after our Defense Exam last year. To say that James went completely crazy was an understatement. Hell, even Sirius got involved. I waited for her to make some sort of comment of how we were out passed curfew seeing as she was Head Girl, but she said nothing. I wasn't even sure if she knew we were standing there. I shared a quick glance with Remus, who looked slightly unnerved by the blank stare on her face. "Leave it alone." James hissed. Sirius rolled his eyes. "Who cares what's wrong with her." "Again James, sometimes you can be the biggest prick." He shakes his head. "Oh, alright." "Evans?" Remus calls out. She doesn't answer him. I bite my lip. "Lily?" Surprisingly the sound of her first name, that I don't think ever rolled off my tongue before, had her turning her face in my direction. A brief look of shock settled across her features before turning blank again. "Oh, Katarina. Didn't see you there." "Are you alright?" I ask finally after nothing else was said. "Me?" She asks quickly and then shakes her head. "No, I'm fine. Just enjoying the fire is all." I knew she was lying and I wanted nothing more than to call her out on it but I didn't, because I, just like James, didn't really care about the well being of other people beside my friends and when I did, I normally felt that something was wrong with me. I nodded my head and looked away from her. I felt her stare on the back of my head for a moment, and then it was gone. "Shall we go up?" The boys nodded their heads, Remus reluctantly, and we turned, heading up to the boys dormitory. I glanced over my shoulder one last time and looked at Lily Evans. Her knees were drawn up to her chest and her head titled slightly to the side. If it wasn't for the fire, I never would have seen the single tear that glistened off her cheek. It stopped me dead in my tracks. "Kat?" Sirius questioned, his eyes curious. "You coming?" I forced myself to look away from Lily and smiled at him. "Of course." I grabbed his outstretched hand and followed them in the bedroom. At the same time the door slammed, I could have sworn I heard a high pitched cry. I shook my head lightly, all but forgetting Lily. It was probably just my imagination right? XX The next morning at breakfast, I couldn't help but notice that Lily Evans was missing from her usual spot at the end of the table. I shook my head and took a bite of toast before lifting the Prophet and opening to the second page. I read on completely uninterested until something on the page popped out on me. Young Muggle-Born witch Lily Evans' home was burnt to the ground last night around 9:00 PM, the dark mark, hanging over head. It was said that a young girl survived, a sister possibly, but the bodies off her parents were discovered already dead. Not a trace of another possible death other than one of the unforgivable curses, Avada Kederva. The Death Eaters have been…. I glanced up from the paper and set it down carefully. "What's wrong?" James asked, his eyes focused completely on my own. I grabbed another piece of toast. "Lily Evans' parents were murdered last night. Death Eaters. " Remus let out a low whistle. "Merlin." He said with a shake of his head. "Think she knew last night, in the common room?" I glanced at Peter with a roll of my eyes, trying to get rid of my uneasiness. "Obviously Wormtail, what else would it have been?" "Well she doesn't have any friends!" He defended. "But sir!" I heard a loud voice yell from just outside the great hall, effectively cutting off the insult I was just going to say to Peter. "Enough Miss Evans. The answer is no." I raised an eye brow at the finality of Dumbledore's words. Lily didn't seem to understand it. "They were my parents!" She stressed. "Miss Evans, you know how deeply sorry I am for their loss it's just-" "YOU!" Lily screamed cutting off the Headmaster. "You were the only ones that knew where they lived! How dare you, as if you didn't ruin my life already!" I knew, in that moment, exactly who she was talking to. Snape. I slipped carefully out of my seat and took off towards the entrance. Curious as to what was going on. When I got there, Lily had already pointed her wand at Snape's throat. Snape's face was completely shocked and completely clear. There wasn't a trace of the damage we had done to it, just last night. "I trusted you. You were my best friend! Not only did you call me a mudblood-" Her hand shook slightly. I stared at her in shock. Dumbledore took a step forward. "Lily." She kept on speaking. "But then you had to give Voldemort my parent's address? What is wrong with you? " It wasn't just her hand, I noted. Her whole body was shaking. "Lily, I didn't-" Snape stuttered. "I swear." "Your word means nothing to me." And then her eyes flashed. " I'll kill you! I swear I will!" "Lily, why don't you come with me?" Dumbledore asked, placing a hand on her arm. She whirled on him. "And you, you told me they would be safe! How did they find them?" I felt James come and stand beside me, his hand placed firmly on my back. "I'm sorry Lily." The regret on Dumbledore's face had even her hard exterior cracking. "Fine." She sneered, in attempt to stay angry. She lowered her wand from Snape's neck. "You have three seconds to get out of my sight." He stared at her. "3,2-" Before she could even reach one he was pushing past me to get into the great hall. I made sure to slam into his shoulder extra hard. "Alright there Snivelly?" I yelled after him. "Surprised you didn't pee yourself, running away like the little coward you are!" "Katarina." Dumbledore spoke calmly. "Enough, please." "Certainly, sir." I said with a charming smile. "Now Lily, why don't you-" "Hey Evans, come sit with us today?" I ask, cutting right over Dumbledore. "I expect you read about my parents. You never asked me to sit with you, why start now?" I opened my mouth quickly, but shut it. "Exactly, I don't need