Oh look, Solangelo prom story, la la la. Enjoy! Will took about five deep breaths. He had no reason to be nervous. He really didn't. It was just prom. Just prom. As if. It could have been just prom, if Will wasn't about to ask out the guy of his dreams. If he said no, prom would be "just prom." Just a night of fun with his friends, to say goodbye to this school and this phase of his life. Just a small piece of the giant farewell this month was. But if he said yes… Will was not going to focus on anything but the "if." Because only the word "yes" would open that door of possibility. He took one more deep, deep breath. Like, Pacific Ocean deep. "Will you go to prom with me?" Jason gave a dead stare. "No." Will collapsed, burying his face in his hands. " Jason." he groaned. "That's not what's supposed to happen!" Jason shrugged. "I'm just saying he might…" "You said he would say yes!" Will chucked a pencil at him. Over at the next table, Penelope Bunce sat up and gave him the stink eye. Will shrunk. "You said." he whispered fiercely. Snatching the pencil off the floor, Jason began to doodle on his textbook. He and Will were studying for their German exam - the school required one year of a language to graduate and both of them were barely limping through a class mostly composed of freshmen. "I'm sorry." he apologized, sounding not at all sorry to Will. "You know he likes you." "I know." Will wished he had a pillow to mash his face in. No, he wished he could see the future, so he could know whether it was a bad idea to ask Nico. Penelope sighed audibly. Jason made like he was studying. "Well, this is prom. It's your last chance, really. He's applying to some faraway colleges." Will kicked the table, his mood souring. "Jason. You are supposed to be supportive and helpful. Not reminding me of all this stuff I already know!" Jason adjusted his glasses. "Well, he kissed you, didn't he?" Yes. He had. Last year, at the art camp. That day, the world had begun and ended. Will didn't like thinking about that day. Not because of the kiss - the kiss was everything it should have been. But Nico had avoided him for weeks afterward… He wasn't ready. That's what Hazel and Jason and Annabeth had all told him. Nico wasn't ready to be out. But Will hated feeling like it was somehow his fault that Nico was scared. Maybe if he were someone else, someone braver, someone better, someone more worthy of Nico, maybe things would be different. Jason had casually mentioned that Nico felt like this, senior year, was now or never. He was at least going to tell people. Emphasis on the at least. Will could read into that. It was time. Now or never. Time to prove or dispel the doubts. A phone dinged. Jason dug in his bag, ignoring Penelope's aghast expression. "Nico's outside, on his bench, waiting for me to drive him home." he said. "I am conveniently not going to see this text and visit Piper at play rehearsal." Will's brain started whirring. "Uh..." "You are going to go out and give him the rose. You have it, right?" Will sheepishly pulled the crushed rose out of his backpack. "Okay." Jason blinked. "That was optional. What he doesn't know won't hurt him. Just go. Do it. Before I lose my nerve." "Uh, you aren't the one asking him!" "Yeah, but I'm nervous for you." Jason smiled wanly. Will considered biting him, but that was gross and oh look, he was leaving. Great. He might as well leave too. Penelope could make a killing as the librarian's watchdog. Will stepped out from the cool indoor air to the unseasonably warm May afternoon. Nico was right there on the least popular bench. At this time of day, it was right in the sunlight, making students avert it in favor of the benches under the trees. That was exactly why Nico liked it. Not in a hipster way, but because the light was so good. Nico wanted to go into forensic science or policing, but he really liked drawing. The sketches in his black journal never ceased to amaze Will, who couldn't even draw a proper squiggly line. Right now he was outlining a figure on a blank page. "Hey, what'cha drawing?" Will asked. Nico flipped the sketch book shut and squinted up at Will. "Oh. Hey, Will." Will was starting to get a familiar anxiety he'd called the "uh-oh" feeling when he was little. ("I feel uh-oh, Mommy!") "Sorry, was I not supposed to see that?" "No, it's just visual arts homework. We're supposed to draw someone we admire." Nico skimmed through the pages aimlessly. "I'm drawing Bianca." "Oh yeah, she's graduating this week, right?" Will sat down on the bench. That seemed like a good idea. They were having a polite conversation and all. "That's really awesome. It's unbelievable how hard she worked." "Yeah, it's great." Nico looked slightly uncomfortable. That wasn't good. He didn't want Nico to be uncomfortable. "Hey, you want to hear a stupid joke?" Where had that come from? Way to be smooth, Solace. "I heard it today, and it's so stupid it's funny." Nico shrugged. "Sure." "Okay." Will made a show of clearing his throat and preparing. Nico cracked a smile. Good. "Are you from Africa?" Nico frowned. "Uh…" "Because I freakin love you!" Will grinned. Nico crinkled his nose. "That was really bad." "Yeah, but you liked it, didn't you?" Will nudged him with his shoulder. Nico pursed his lips, hiding a wobbly smile. "A little." There was a little person, a little boy maybe, nestled inside Will's brain or heart or stomach, and he was saying that it was really now or never. Because now Nico was laughing, and his too-long hair was slipping down his forehead and into his eyes, and his eyes were crumpled in sunlight. Now or never. "Hey, Nico, can I ask you something?" There was still a chance to turn back, to make it a question about calc homework or something, but that was cowardly and wrong in the face of the right that was sitting in front of him. Nico sat up straighter, as if someone was about to take a picture of him. "Sure, what's up?" "I…uh…" Why was Will sweating? Oh yeah, because it was stinking hot out. Why was it so stinking hot out? It was May. Technically, there was another full month of spring left. Why didn't the weather ever work with him? Waiting, Nico started to dig in his backpack. Keep it together, Solace. What did he practice with Jason? He felt squirmy and awkward, as if he was at a meal with people who didn't speak English. And the brave little boy buried somewhere deep inside screamed, "Just do it!" "Nico, will you go to prom with me?" He did it. Will held his breath. He was acutely aware of every whisper of the halfhearted breeze, the comfortably itchy denim on his legs. The way Nico's heartbeats seemed to stop cold. He sat up and faced Will. "What?" The breeze and the clouds and the birds and the sky began the chant. No no no. No no no. Will moaned inside. "I…you heard me, didn't you?" He was a fool. A deluded, idiotic fool. "Yeah." Nico shook his head, letting his hair shield his face from view. "Sorry. I heard you." Some part of Will began falling off an endless cliff. "Okay." That was a lie. None of it was okay. "I'm sorry." That was a lie too. "Me too." The words were tiny. Tinier still, however, was what Nico said next. "Will…I want to go. With you." Those words felt like grace. Those words felt like he'd been splashed with ice water. Will moistened his lips. "Really?" "Yeah." He turned away, toward the doors. "But…Will, Bianca doesn't graduate this weekend. She graduates next weekend. On Saturday…" Prom night. "We're flying out to California that morning. There's no way I'm getting out of it." Will should have felt relieved, but the only thing he felt was incredulity. "Did you tell anyone?" Jason would have told him, no doubt. Hazel would have too. And Annabeth… "No." And Will remembered all the times lunch table or math class conversations had turned to prom, and Nico had sat in silence or changed the subject. Nearly every day. "I didn't think anyone would ask me-" "But what about everyone else? Don't you think all your friends thought you'd be there? You didn't even tell Hazel?" Nico shifted. "Our dad didn't buy Hazel a ticket. He didn't even tell her. And I thought everyone else would be disappointed." Once those words were out of Nico's mouth, Will's frustration with the situation seeped out. "Okay. Sorry that you didn't expect anything from me." Nico's eyes widened. "Will, I-" "Just forget it. Have fun with Bianca." Will clasped his hands tightly together and got up. "See you." He headed back into the school, cutting off Nico's words with the door. Nico didn't follow him. ... When Jason got outside, he found Nico furiously scribbling in a picture of Will. Both of them looked bewildered and angry and lost. "Hey." That was the only word he said, and Nico was so grateful for it. They got in Jason's car, and Jason didn't pry. He just waited until Nico was ready to tell him what happened. "My dad and I are going out of town prom weekend." he said, staring out the window. Seeing nothing. "And I told nobody. They all just assumed I would be going." Jason nodded. He made a right where they should have made a left. Nico noticed. "Where are we going?" "There was a soccer game earlier. We're getting Hazel, remember?" Yes. Jason had arranged it, and Nico realized with sudden warmth that he was doing it for him. "Yeah. Thanks." "I texted her." he replied, and Nico exhaled in relief. He wouldn't have to tell her. Silver lining. They pulled into the parking lot of the school Hazel was playing at. Nico felt a scratch of guilt that he hadn't come to see her, but he always went to every home game. He resolved to go to the last game, which was to be held an hour away. Hazel came jogging out, her hair bouncing behind her in a ponytail. She climbed in back, wrapped her arms around Nico's neck, and hugged him hard. He clasped her hand. "Did we win?" he whispered. "Yes." she replied, happy but subdued. "Are you okay?" He was going to tell Hazel everything. "Not really," he started, and then he told her and Jason what Will had said and what he had said and why he had said it. He told her why he wasn't going, and where he'd be on prom night. She pursed her lips once he mentioned that. "He knows I love her too, right?" "He does." And Nico had definitely told him. He's gotten Bianca to call and everything. "Just checking. Continue." Nico knew she was cramming the hurt somewhere deep inside her for now, to be taken out and examined and cried over later. He loved her boundlessly for it. When he finished the embarrassing, lengthy story (he even let her look at the picture he drew) Hazel lifted her chin and met his eyes in the rearview mirror. "So, what are you going to do?" "I don't know." Nico stared at the crinkled paper she handed back. He tried to smooth out Will's baffled, beaten eyes, tried to make them clear and happy again. They wouldn't do it. (Sometimes he'd wondered what would happen if he kissed him again, just walked up in the halls without warning