A/N : Hi guys! I had meant to publish this yesterday on Annabeth's birthday (as revealed to us in The House of Hades ), but being me, I derped out and completely forgot about this even though I'd been working on it since late May! So I hope you people enjoy this very long one-shot (by my standards at least). I'm actually pretty proud of it. Update (7/12/15): Whoops, I must've misread the birthday thing—it's actually the 12th of July. Not the 7th. Oops. ^^; Percy really hoped that everything would be perfect. After all, it was him and his friends who saved the world from Gaea, right? So in the wee hours of July 12, 2015, Perseus Jackson was awake. He had no idea what time it was (the numbers on his watch were swimming around due to dyslexia and being sleep-deprived), but he somehow needed to think of a perfect day for Annabeth. He already had a rough outline of his plans, but he really needed to get to sleep now. Wait. Rewind. Planning? Now he knew he'd been hanging out with Annabeth too much. Not that he minded it, of course. Percy stopped his restless tapping with his pencil as he thought about her. He went off into Memoryland (a much, much better place than Memory Lane, in his opinion), thinking about all the adventures he had with the blonde. He smiled as he remembered Gloria the poodle during their first quest—man, he still cracked up when the memory of Grover talking to it resurfaced in his mind! He could remember sitting in the zoo truck with Annabeth and Grover and freeing all those animals with Riptide. Then Percy's grin became thoughtful as he remembered when he and Annabeth fell into Tartarus together—when he swore that he was never letting go of her again. And her response: "As long as we're together." Annabeth had saved him as much as he had saved her when they fell into the River Cocytus. He might've prevented them from becoming a grease spot on Tartarus's skin, but she dragged them out of the misery and became his light in everlasting darkness (excuse the corniness). She reminded him that there were still things to live for. Annabeth gave him strength to go on. Percy remembered weakly joking about studying surfing at her suggestion to go to college together. Her laughter was beautiful in the depths of Tartarus. It was pure joy. Although there were some pretty decent moments in the pit—gods, he still had nightmares about that place. Being alone and Annabeth already being dead; the pain of the arai 's curses once again coursing through his body; and—Percy choked just thinking about this—Bob and Damasen blaming him for everything . . . Percy turned on his side, his pencil clattering to the floor. He refused to remember anything else about the pit. Anything but Tartarus. Calm down, Percy, he chanted in his mind. He couldn't go bug Annabeth in the middle of the night! Percy cleared his mind as he began to think about other things. He had missed a ton of school when Hera plucked him out of Camp Half-Blood and wiped his memory. Normally, Percy wouldn't have minded missing classes and whatnot, but with the war and all—he really needed a break. He wanted to get back to having a normal life. Well, as normal as he could get living the life of a demigod. Between Paul and Annabeth's tutoring, Percy was able to complete his junior year at Goode and become a senior when the war ended. But now it was summer, and summer meant camp . . . and Annabeth. June had flown by (with a couple capture-the-flag games Camp Half-Blood style), and now it was very early morning on her birthday. When Percy had first learned Annabeth's birthdate, he couldn't help but feel a little (ahem, a lot )miffed that his girlfriend was older than him. But when his growth spurt hit (with the strength of a rampaging Minotaur, actually), he shot up to a good five inches above the blonde. Which made the older thing a bit easier to handle. A bit. With a sigh, Percy glanced back down at his notes. July 12, 2015 — Annabeth's 18 th Birthday 9:00 Eat breakfast 9:30 Maybe spar for a while/depending on what Annabeth wants to do 10:45 Take shower/same as above 11:30 Eat early lunch 12:15 Head to Mom's apartment 3:00 Go to Montauk 5:30 Get back to camp and shower 7:30 Eat dinner Percy stared with dissatisfaction at his list when he finished reading it. He couldn't really come up with anything else to add to his "birthday" schedule because his mind kept going fuzzy. He gazed blearily at the ceiling. It would be a pretty good idea to . . . sleep . . . Percy must've passed out, because only a few moments later, bright sunlight was streaming through the windows of the Poseidon cabin. Lifting his head up from his pillow (did he really have to drool on his notes?), he blinked groggily. Yawning, he glanced at his watch. Then his eyes widened as the clock numbers swam into view. 12:36. No. Nonononono! Percy leaped out of bed, tugged a pair of basketball shorts on (which already had two very essential items tucked inside its pockets), wriggled into a well-worn Camp Half-Blood shirt, and ran to the bathroom. He quickly brushed his teeth, splashed some water on his face, and sprinted out the door—hurriedly swiping his damp hands through his hair in an effort to tame it. He made it through the doorway, but promptly tripped going down the steps, landing at the feet at an amused daughter of Athena. "Where's the fire, Seaweed Brain?" Annabeth joked, pulling Percy off the ground. He chose not to answer, but offered a vague "Happy birthday" in addition to a customary good-morning hug. Percy felt her arms wrap around him as well. "I'm one number older than you for a month, Percy," she whispered in his ear. With satisfaction, Percy noted that she had to tiptoe. "I'm still taller, though," he teased, swaying them back and forth. He unwillingly released his girlfriend, but walked hand-in-hand with her to the dining pavilion. Percy and Annabeth sat together at the Poseidon table after sacrificing part of their lunch, and just leaned contentedly against each other. Percy, of course, got his usual drink—blue cherry Coke, while Annabeth watched in amusement before getting a glass of water. The official camp rules were that only people from the same cabin could sit at the same table. That rule was heavily enforced, but ever since Percy came back with Annabeth, Chiron and Mr. D. had allowed just the two of them to be the only exceptions. Percy had never eaten his food faster. He had already wasted part of the day sleeping, so he wanted to cram in as much of his plans for Annabeth as he could. Plus, he was starving since he slept through breakfast. He glanced at the watch he had taken to wearing. 1:22. Most of the morning was already blown out into oblivion, but Percy figured that the rest of the afternoon could be managed. When Annabeth was finished eating, he quickly pulled her to her feet. They walked together to the Big House, the sweet summer air floating around them. The scent of strawberries always calmed Percy down. He glanced at Annabeth and noticed that she was carefully scrutinizing his face. "What's up?" She jumped, apparently not realizing what she was doing. "I'm trying to figure out what you're thinking," she admitted, holding her hands behind her back. Percy smiled. Typical children of Athena. Reaching for her hand, Percy tried to make his already-present grin mysterious. "You'll find out soon enough," he said confidently. But at his words, the cool and collected daughter of wisdom . . . burst out laughing. "What expression were you going for this time?" she choked out between giggles. "Mysterious," Percy confessed. "Was it really that bad?" A fresh wave of laughter caused Annabeth to slip her hand out of his and sink slowly to the grass. Now thoroughly bewildered, Percy plopped down beside her. He could smell the scent of strawberries in her hair. "Hey!" he complained, trying to snap Annabeth out of her laughing fit. "I actually have stuff planned for today." Annabeth composed herself and gave Percy an apologetic look. "Your 'mysterious' face . . ." she began, "kinda made you look like an insane madman." She buried her face in her hands, body shaking slightly as she tried to suppress her amusement. Percy grasped her hands and mock-frowned. "Well, I am hurt. I do not look like Octavian no matter how much I might resemble him when he starts gutting his teddy bears." Green eyes met gray for a heartbeat—before their owners collapsed in the grass, laughter echoing to the blue sky. "I can't believe that Chiron's letting us out of camp," Annabeth murmured. "Especially with your demigod stink probably attracting every monster within a five-mile radius," she joked. Percy could feel some of his hair being twisted into a braid. "I have my ways," Percy responded, before whispering to Blackjack to set them down in front of a certain apartment building. "And 'sides, I have Riptide right here," he added, patting his right pocket. And something else, too. "So is this my birthday surprise?" Annabeth asked, slipping off of the pegasus. ". . . Part of it." They ran up the stairs ("Ugh, I hate stairs," Percy grumbled) after repeatedly assuring Blackjack they'd get him donuts later. "We're home!" Percy yelled as he flung open the door. Then he sighed in happiness when he sniffed the air—filled with the delicious aroma of freshly-baked cookies. Percy heard a crash coming somewhere in the kitchen before his mother came hurrying around the corner, Paul trailing closely behind. "Percy!" she greeted, throwing her arms around him. Percy hugged his mom close. When he had returned from Greece after the war, his mother was going out of her mind with worry. After the celebrations, Percy opted to go home and see his mom. They had talked for a long time, and it was then that he learned that Annabeth had visited his house occasionally when he went missing. Percy assumed that they had grown closer during his disappearance, and he smiled as his mother went over to hug Annabeth. "Hey, Paul," Percy said, shaking his hand. Even though Percy had gotten to know Paul a lot better over the last 3-4 years, they still hadn't really shown many outward displays of affection. The four of them met in the kitchen, where Percy's mom began piling all of the cookies onto a platter. "Happy birthday, Annabeth!" she said warmly, setting down the plate on the table. Blue cookies, Percy thought dreamily. How long has it been since he's tasted his mother's homemade cookies? Way too long, in his opinion. "Thanks, Ms. Jackson—um, Blofis," Annabeth said, correcting herself. Her cheeks became slightly pink. "Oh, honey, I've told you that you can call me Sally," Percy's mom protested, smoothing down Annabeth's curls. "And we're practically family, now," she added, glancing slyly at Percy. Embarrassed, Percy averted his eyes, choosing instead to pointedly stare at the wall. "Sally!" Paul suddenly said. Percy's mom and Annabeth looked up. "Percy and I are going to go have a talk in his room." Percy glanced at both of them, but Annabeth simply smiled and motioned for them to go on. When they sat on Percy's bed, Paul then dropped the bombshell. "When are you gonna propose to Annabeth?" he demanded. Percy could feel his face heat up. "You too?" he said accusingly, mock-glaring at his stepfather. But when Paul smiled knowingly, Percy grinned sheepishly and slipped his fingers into his pocket. Sighing dramatically, Percy said, "Yup. You caught me." Percy lowered his gaze from Paul's and