I don't own twilight. End of story. Lucky me I do own this plot so… All mistakes are mine! Summary: "What's a Tumblr?" I asked. "You don't know about Tumblr?!" I shook my head. "Let me show you..." From that day on, my life did a complete 180… Chapter 1 There's nothing like the hustle and bustle of New York City. The fresh smell of piss in the air, the pollution from cars and buses, oh and let's not forget the rude ass people on the streets. "What the hell?" I shrieked as a balding man in a business suit all but pushed me on to the busy street. "Are you serious? Excuse you?" I shouted and he turned back. "Fuck you, sweetheart!" he gave me the middle finger salute. "I wouldn't fuck you with the big lady's torch." I pointed to the lady or man dressed as the Statue of Liberty dancing on the side of the side walk. But there's nowhere else I'd rather be. This is my city, it's where I belong. Today was my day off and I was going to meet up with the ladies at one of our favorite cafés. Every day for lunch we would meet at a restaurant of our choosing and talk shit about our bosses. After watching sex and the city we vowed to always meet up for lunch or dinner. My girls have always been there for me. We all met around the same time during college freshmen year. I was rooming with Rose-also known as Rosalie Hale-and from there she introduced me to Alice Brandon, her high school best friend and we met Tanya in an English class we all shared. After that we became inseparable. I opened the door to Esca, an Italian seafood restaurant, and immediately the smell of fresh bread and garlic wafted my way. The maître d' greeted me and led me to the table where the girls were seated. "Hey guys!" I sat down and the waiter immediately came to our table. "Are you ladies ready to order?" he smiled. "We have a great wine collection would you like to try any?" "Well I don't know…how about you surprise us?" Alice looked at the wine menu, then around the table and we nodded in agreement. He wrote down our orders. Alice pushed back her long black hair, exposing her neck in a very awkward manner and winked at the waiter. He blushed-which I thought was cute- and walked away. Flirting with the fucking waiter! "I think we need a girl's night tonight." Tanya sighed. "Uh oh…what did he do this time?" Rosalie asked. Tanya hunched over and cried into her hands. James, Tanya's boyfriend, was a douche. They've been dating for four months and he's already cheating on her. I was not surprised, the warning signs were there. He was constantly flirting with one of us when we went out. "He was fucking some slut!" she cried. I gave her napkin. "Thanks." She grotesquely blew her nose into it. The people from the tables around us gave her a dirty look. "I mean look at me! I'm fucking hot! Why would he want a slut like her?!" Tanya was a beautiful woman. She always had her strawberry blonde hair in ringlets down her back and she was never afraid to flaunt what her momma gave her especially when she would wear revealing yet classy clothing. "Yeah!" we all agreed. "I mean I'm not even heartbroken!" My eyes met Rose's from across the table. "What?" Rosalie asked. "Why are you crying then?" "We had the best sex!" she cried even harder into her dirty napkin. "Well fuck! You're right we do need a girl's night! I'm bringing the booze!" Alice bounced in her seat and luckily the waiter brought our food and a bottle of wine-probably the most expensive one-with a name we couldn't pronounce. "Enjoy ladies…" he winked at Alice and she smiled widely. I rolled my eyes and poured myself a glass of wine. The expensive wine tasted amazing so I poured more into my class, not that I was trying to get tipsy. "He had the most perfect cock I've ever seen." She cried. I handed her another napkin. "There are other cocks out there, honey." Alice said, patting her back. "I know, but I want his cock." She sniffled. "Well you could always have breakup sex." I added. "Gross! Bella he was fucking some other chick! I don't think she wants to catch a disease." Rosalie exclaimed as her blue eyes turned to glare at me. "Well, sorry! I was just suggesting…" I crossed my arms over my chest and turned from her glare. "Not everyone can have a sex life with their ex." Tanya huffed. I wasn't going to lie, although my ex and I were no longer together we occasionally have sex…well I wouldn't say occasionally. More like every couple of days. We started out as friends during my junior year of college, he was a junior editor over at cosmopolitan, where I did my internship for two years. He did an advice column which gained attention and he moved up the ladder. We started dating after about two years. We were amazing together. The sex was out-of-this-world-mind blowing! We were a perfect couple…too perfect. I needed the burning passion that only happened in the bedroom, to happen in all aspects of our relationship. We broke up on mutual grounds. Once he told me that he wasn't looking for another relationship, I took up his offer to be friends-with-benefits. "Well, Fuck you!" I stopped listening and ate my food. After a while we grew silent, "I'm sorry Bella. I'm just sad, I saw the warning signs and I chose to ignore it. I'm dumb as hell." Tanya apologized "It's alright just next time you want to make a comment like that I'll be forced to bitch slap you." She giggled, reached over and squeezed my hand. I smiled as I squeezed back and just like that we were back to normal. I love my girls and nothing is going change that. After lunch we agreed to meet up at my place around seven thirty. The girls went back to work and I decided to go to Riley's apartment. Although we were not longer in a romantic relationship we still had a great friendship. I would talk and he would listen, girls would kill to have a guy like him. I couldn't help but to notice that my dating life sucked ass and I couldn't find anyone that understood me more than Riley. I think that if I were to maybe add the missing fire to this relationship or whatever we have, we could get somewhere. I don't know if I'd call it love but I couldn't get enough of him. His sex consumed my daily thoughts, his voice made me weak in the knees. When I got to Riley's building, I greeted the doorman as he led me towards the elevators. I pushed the buttons for the sixteenth floor. As I got out of the elevator I bumped into a pretty lady wearing a dark red dress, her brown hair was in an up-do and she had her heels in one hand and her phone in another. "Excuse me!" I said as I moved to the other side of the elevator to let her on. "Oh I'm sorry!" she uttered as she put her phone up to her ear and started talking. "You won't believe the sad excuse he gave me this time." I knocked on the door of apartment 16b and immediately Riley opened the door. "Come in! Why didn't you call?" he asked as soon as I greeted him. "I'm sorry! I had lunch with the girls and since I was off today I decided to come see you." I saw a mess of papers spread throughout the apartment. "You must've been very busy." I looked him over. He was always so neat, his simple blue button down shirt showed off his lean body and his slim black pants clang to his thighs. "Sort of I've been stressing out over this article, but it's a good thing you stopped by." He smiled. Riley was a very attractive man. He had bluest eyes that could see right through you and a crooked smile that you couldn't possibly overlook. His strong jaw was the cherry on top of that sundae of a fine man. He ran his hand through his messy red hair. "Can I sit?" I asked pointing to the mess on his brown couch. "Yeah, come." He ran to the couch and pushed the mess to the other side. "Thanks." I put my purse on the kitchen bar then sat down. "How's the article going?" I asked picking up some of the papers next to me. Suddenly his hands reached out and grabbed my hand, I instantly dropped the papers. He sat down on the coffee table. He was so close to me that I could feel his breath fan across my face. I looked into his blue eyes and they caught me in a trance. With my head between his hands he crashed his lips against mine. I let out a moan as his tongue entered my mouth. I could feel myself grow wet. He removed the button down he was wearing and I momentarily broke our kiss to remove my shirt. I wasn't wearing a bra so his hands instantly went to my breast. I let out a loud groan as his fingers tweak both my nipples. I removed my lips from his and suggested we go into his bedroom. When we got to his bedroom I pulled him towards his large bed and with a smirk he let me push him onto the bed. I blushed as he took in my naked breast. I was quite self-conscience about my body, but the way his lustful eyes watch I couldn't help but feel a boost of confidence. He pulled me on top of him and captured my lips. "Take my pants off." I felt myself shudder at his command, slowly I unbuttoned his slacks. I straddled his legs and ran my hands down his naked chest, following his trail of hair that led to the place I wanted most. He let out a small moan as I dipped my fingers into his briefs and grazed the head of his cock. I went back to the task at hand. I hopped off his lap and took his pants right along with me. I stood up from my bent position admiring his ethereal form. His beautiful cock was concealed by his dark blue briefs. I ran my index finger down from the base to the head. With a sudden urge he sat up and removed my pants and underwear. He stood up and stepped out of his briefs. I felt myself being pushed back onto the bed. He lowered his body onto mine. I closed my eyes briefly and when I opened them again his blue eyes were staring into my soul as he entered me. I couldn't stop my eyes from watering, with the emotions that washed over me I felt overwhelmed with pleasure. It is always this intense with him and I could not help but wonder why it couldn't be this intense relationship wise. I could list off the things that made us good together. "Bella?" he asked, puzzled. "It's nothing…I-" I didn't get to finish my sentence. He covered my mouth with his and I felt a deep moan escape my body. I let out a gasp as he slowly thrust into me. "Please!" I pleaded. I needed him like I needed water. "Oh fuck!" I panted as he pulled back and thrust back into me. His slow movements drove me crazy. "You're so fucking…so fucking tight, every time." He panted. He curled his body to suck my nipple into his mouth.