The Kidnapping Chapter 1: Captured Again "Oh," groaned Merry. "Where am I?" "Quiet!" growled a harsh voice. Merry struggled to remember what had just happened. He had fallen asleep next to Pippin as usual. Then he had woken up with a grimy hand over his mouth. But what had happened after that? It was all a blur. And what was happening now? Merry looked around. Right in front of him was a smelly orc neck. "Pippin, I thought we escaped!" he yelled out. A whip slapped across his back. "Ugrun told you to be quiet!" said and orc with a whip. "And you'll be quiet if you don't want to feel this again." He flourished the whip. Merry shut his mouth and decided to try to find Pippin. There he was, hanging from another orc's neck. "Pippin!" Merry whispered as quietly as possible. "Wha?" Pippin asked, still disoriented. Merry motioned for Pippin to be quiet. "We're caught again." "How?" "I don't know." "But Isengard had fallen, Merry. And these orcs don't have the white hand of Saruman or the Eye of Mordor." "I don't know where thei..." Merry stopped as the whip orc came by. "Excuse me, but where are we going?" asked Pippin before Merry could stop him. "You'd do well to keep your mouth shut," replied the orc. "But as for your question, we are going to see the Chief in the Capitol." A few moments later, Merry's head was thrust back and a liquid poured down his throat. He knew no more. Chapter 2: The Man "Ow! Watch it, Gimli!" said Pippin. Gimli had been carrying him piggyback and had put him down a little too hard. "Gimli? Who is this Gimli that you speak of?" asked a cold voice. Pippin looked up. A tall, grim man sat in a chair looking down at him. He was suddenly reminded of his position. He got up and tried to run away. "Guards!" called the man. Two other men stepped out from the shadows and grabbed Pippin. "Tie his legs, and secure his arms behind his back." The guards did so, and none too kindly. "Name and birthplace," said the man. It was not a question. It was a command. "Peregrin Took of the Shire," replied Pippin. "And your friend's name?" "Meriadoc Brandybuck of Buckland." "I have not heard of such names." "Well, Pippin and Merry for short. See, my name comes from my mother's second cous…" "Enough! I care little for the history of the Shirefolk's names. Rhun, take Master Peregrin to that corner over there. Unun, secure Master Meriadoc and take him to the corner over there. Oh, and one of you call for Ugrun and Uglesh." Pippin was dragged to a corner. A few moments later the two orcs who had kidnapped him and Merry strode in. "I hope these two halflings please you, my lord." said Uglesh. "Where did you find them?" asked the man. "Four leagues east of Isengard. They were with an elf, a dwarf, a score of the Rohirrim, and one of the Dunedain of the North. Oh, also a wizard known as Gandalf." "Yes, yes. That is all very well. Were you spotted?" "No." "Sir, would you be so kind as to tell me when breakfast is?" interrupted Pippin. "Don't worry, you'll get your breakfast." said the man. "Take them away." He waved a hand at the guards. "Now, as for the matter of other races, do you think you could go back to that group and get the elf, dwarf, and Dunedain?" Pippin didn't hear the reply. He was pulled along a hallway to a huge room. It was filled with big empty cages. The guard holding him unlocked one of the cages and threw him in. The same was done to Merry in the cage to the left, and the guards turned to leave. "But what about breakfast?" inquired Pippin. "Almost forgot." Said one of the guards. He shoved dishes through small doors on the sides of the cages. Pippin looked down. "But this is dog food! We can't eat it! We're hobbits! Halflings! Little People! We eat normal food!" "You asked for breakfast, and there it is." said the guard. He left. Chapter 3: "They're Gone!" Legolas opened his eyes. He stood up and faced the rising sun. "It's so horrible," thought Legolas, "that the day should have to start behind Mordor." He turned. Merry and Pippin were not there! "Aragorn!" he cried. Aragorn, wake up! The hobbits aren't here!" Aragorn was instantly alert. "Your Elven eyes see far, Legolas. What does the dawn light show?" "Naught but five lone orcs. They are heading east and bear no burdens." replied the elf. The two woke Gimli and told him the tale. "This is bad news indeed!" said the dwarf when they had finished. "We should ask the Rohirrim to help us search. And Gandalf will most certainly help too." So it was that the entire company spent the day searching for Merry and Pippin. At last as the sun set in the west King Theoden called for a council. "We have now spent a day looking for these holbytla. All now appears hopeless. Time grows short. We must depart tomorrow ere the rising of the sun." "But we can't just leave them for dead!" shouted Legolas. "We must find some way to pursue whatever enemy has taken them!" "I would side with you, Legolas," said Gandalf, "were it not that we may already be too late to get to Minas Tirith. The young hobbits are our friends, but if we should rescue them and fail to help others, what then? We would all go down, and become slaves. No, we must go to the aid of Gondor." Legolas could not argue with Gandalf. "Now I suggest we all rest." said Aragorn. Legolas looked at his face and could tell he was sad too. "Yes." he agreed. "Merry," said Pippin. "Did you here what they were saying before we got taken away?" "No. I was just coming to." "They're going to try and kidnap Strider, and Legolas and Gimli too." "I wonder if they know we're gone yet." pondered Merry. "Don't worry. Strider will track us down just like last time." "Last time he didn't find us, Pip. Treebeard did." "But he almost did." "Almost isn't enough." Pippin couldn't think of anything to prove Merry wrong. "No, almost isn't enough." he sighed. "Finally, I thought that elf would never fall asleep." said Uglesh. He, Ugrun, and three other orcs had been hiding behind a bush during the search for Merry and Pippin. "Ugrun, get out the spiders." Ugrun pulled out a small bag with three spiders in it. The spiders, offspring of Shelob of Mordor, had a powerful poison that would knock out even an elf. "You know what to do." growled Uglesh, nodding his head at the sleeping Dunedan, elf, and dwarf. "Go do it." Chapter 4: Reunited Once Again "Anírathach i agorech i nad hen!" "Legolas?" thought Merry. He looked up. What he saw was almost funny. There was Legolas, slipping into his own tongue in his rage, surrounded by eight Uruk-hai who were desperately trying to push him towards a cage. And there were Aragorn and Gimli, thrown over two other orcs' shoulders, their faces peaceful as if sleeping. Merry stared as the orcs seemed to gain more control over the elf. He was unable to say or do anything. Suddenly Legolas cried out and seemed to fall asleep, his face like Gimli's and Aragorn's. The Uruks immediately threw him in a cage two away from Merry. Aragorn was put in the cage between Merry and Legolas, and Gimli was locked in the one next to Legolas. "Pippin!" shouted Merry, recovering from his shock. "The orcs have caught Gimli, Legolas, and Strider!" Pippin sat up. He had been lying in a daze, hungrier than he had ever been before. I must have fallen asleep. "Why are they sleeping?" he wondered aloud. "I don't know," replied Merry. "But it seems that the orcs have given them some kind of poison to knock them out. It obviously doesn't work too well on Elves. Legolas was awake when they brought him in, and I think they had to give him more." "Yes, they did," said Legolas. "And no, it doesn't work very well on me." He was surprised when the hobbits didn't seem startled by his sudden speech. "What did you say to them?" asked Merry, referring to what Legolas had yelled at the orcs. "I told them they would regret capturing us," replied the elf. "Well, it will be quite a surprise to them when they do," joked Pippin, "since I highly doubt they know Elvish." Just then his stomach growled. "Here, I've got some lembas," said Legolas, looking at Pippin with concern and reaching back to pull off his pack. He had never seen the hobbit hungry enough for his stomach to be growling. "Wait, I don't have any. They've taken my pack." Pippin sank down. "How am I supposed to survive with not even one meal a day?" "Hold on, Pip," said Merry. "I think I've still got a bit in my pocket." Merry stuck his hand in his pocket and pulled out a single wafer of lembas. "Well, it's not much, but if each of us only has one small bite a day, it should last a while." An hour or two later Aragorn and Gimli came to. The first thing Aragorn did was to check out what was missing. Like everyone else, his pack had been taken. "Anduril!" he cried. "They've taken the Flame of the West!" his face drained. "Do we know yet who these orcs serve?" "They do not bear the Eye of Mordor, nor the Hand of Saruman," said Legolas. "And I have seen no other device on mail, shield, or helm." "I pray that they do not serve yet another puppet of Sauron," said Aragorn, "for that would be disastrous. In the evening of that day the man, who was known by all that had heard of him as "Grim," called for Uglesh and Ugrun. "So you have successfully caught the elf, dwarf, and man?" "Yes, my lord," replied Ugrun. "Bring them all to me at noon tomorrow. It is time for me to decide." Chapter 5: The Meaning of it All Late the next morning, as Merry was passing out small pieces of lembas, Legolas heard orc voices coming. "Quickly! Hide your lembas in your pockets! I hear orcs." Everyone except Pippin, who shoved his lembas in his mouth, did so. "I think they're going to take us somewhere. This time we should let them. We have to find out what's going on." advised Legolas. The orcs came in. "We're going for a walk." said Uglesh. The Dunedan, elf, dwarf, and hobbits allowed their arms to be tied behind their backs and were led down a long hallway into the room where Merry and Pippin had met Grim. Ugrun went a few steps ahead of the rest. "My lord." "Ah yes, right on time." said Grim. "In a line, now!" The company was lined up facing Grim. Aragorn was farthest to the strange man's left, Pippin the farthest to the right. Grim stood and walked over to face Aragorn. "Rhun, take notes of all I say." The guard pulled out a large piece of parchment and a quill pen. "Dunedan. And you're supposed to be heir to the throne. Didn't take much to capture you. If you ever become king, you'd better watch out for your subjects." said Grim in a scornful way. "Do not insult a man of Numenorean blood. He and his kin would destroy you in battle." said Legolas. "Duck tape!" called Grim. Legolas watched as Unun pulled out a small, strange, wheel-shaped bundle of grey stuff. The guard found an end of the grey stuff and began unrolling it. When he had a good-sized piece