Thranduil was riding slowly along the path going through Greenwood the Great Treacherous Paths A/N: This is taken just before The Last Battle and just after Oropher established a realm in Greenwood. There is going to be a few mentioning's of events that took place in Elfling Mischief, so I suggest you read that first. But this not a direct sequel so if you feel you don't want to read that first then that's up to you, you won't lose yourself if you don't ;D. One last thing there is a line from LOTR, not exactly the same but very similar, I want to see if anyone can spot it, if you think you found it let me know. Summary: Thranduil goes on a mission of his own but not everything goes according to plan. Disclaimer: I do not own any places or characters of Tolkien's only the ones that are not recognisable. Chapter 1 Thranduil was riding slowly along the path going through Greenwood the Great. His mission was to visit Laketown in a disguise so as to not reveal himself to be an elf. His father, king Oropher, did not know of this, he thought his son was going on a scouting mission, making sure there were no goblins in the near vicinity. Thranduil hated lying to his parents, his mother might have understood, but his father, on the other hand, would have forbade him from going, having no great love for the edain and did not want anything to do with their mortal neighbours. Thranduil knew that they could prove to be useful allies someday not to mention invaluable to trades. The only real challenging part was to be able to walk amongst them, learn their ways without foiling his cover. Thranduil was fairly different to most elves in appearance. He was shorter than most and not likely to grow any taller; he was taller than his mother, Theliel, though, but only just. His father was a good head taller than him seemingly at times towering him. There were faint freckles lightly dusting his nose and cheeks almost invisible but still there on closer inspection. His skin tone was also slightly more tanned than the others. He wasn't even as lithe as everyone else, he might have been considered bulky amongst the elves, not to say that he was, his muscles were more developed from days of hard labour in helping to develop a kingdom in Greenwood, he was about the same build as the elves who worked in the smithies. His hair was spun gold with highlights from the sun, it grew just past his shoulders but the fringe was cut to come just below his jaw so when tied back it would still hang in his face. His entire appearance brought on speculation and rumours from the others, rumours that his mother might have slept with an edain. The rumours were finally put to rest when he began developing features from his father as well, mainly his sculpted cheek bones. The only explanation for his tanned and slightly freckled appearance was that he spent a lot of time out doors; not that that was strange with elves, since they practically existed outdoors, all that was come up was that he was exceptional. As he grew older, the ellyth would swoon over him for not only was he beautiful to look at he was also very handsome, one slow smile and glimpse from his piercing, sapphire eyes and any woman would practically fall at his feet. Coming to the edge of the vast forest, Thranduil took a minute to admire the Misty Mountains and thinking of his best friend, lord Elrond, who lived to beyond those mountains. He longed to see him again but his father did everything in his power to allow them to see each other as little as possible, not only because of what he and his twin did so many years ago when he was an elfling but also because of the fact that he was a Noldo, and they were not to be associated with. Thinking of Elrond also brought back memories of Elros, his long lost gwador. He passed away years ago because of his chosen morality. Shaking his head he spurred his magnificent horse into a gallop, "Noro lim, Barasath, we have a long road ahead of us still." Barasath was indeed a great horse. His manner fitted with his name perfectly, Fiery Shadow, he had quite the temper and was loyal only to Thranduil, who was the only who could come near him, much less ride him. The stable-hands' nightmares were often haunted by this beast. Thranduil would stand and laugh while watching the poor hands try and control the horse, not even their elven tongues could sedate him. After he'd seen enough, Thranduil would relinquish the stable-hands of their task and handle Barasath as though he was nothing but a foul. Standing at an intimidating 17 hands; his colouring was pitch black right down to his humongous hooves. His tail and main were smooth and long, seldom having knots. Barasath's glossy coat was so black it would shine blue in the sunlight. Barasath was a gift from his father when he reached his majority which was three days passed. He was now at the age where he was to find his soul mate. Even though just about every young elleth was vying for his attention he was not particularly interested at the moment, he preferred to just enjoy life while he still could but his father made that very hard by pressuring him so that he would produce an heir and prolong the line of Oropher. Quickly they made their way to river that would lead them towards Laketown. The sun was lowering in the sky when they arrived at the water's edge. All of a sudden a black-feathered arrow flew and struck Thranduil on his right shoulder. The impact was so forceful that it knocked him off his horse. From the ground he turned and looked up, "Oh no, just what I need – a run in with some witless goblins, adar is not going to be happy should he somehow hear about this." He muttered to himself. There were about ten goblins in this group; they must have been heading towards the mountains. Even though this particular band consisted of a few goblins he was still outnumbered. Whipping out his arrows he began shooting as many as he could with careful aim. Still the ones that were shot were seemingly replaced by another two, "Impossible, there cannot be that many." Scanning around he noticed another group joining the first, "I don't think I will much care for the ending." His horse was standing next to him, ready to protect him once the goblins arrived, "Rima ten'ta, Barasath! Nurta!" The horse ignored him and stood his ground, "Asca! Before they come too close." The horse snorted and stared at him as though asking 'Do you really expect me flee? You have another thing coming.' Thranduil sighed, "I haven't got time for this, very well, stay but watch yourself, get help if I need it. And ONLY if I need it." The horse nodded happy he got his own way. Once the goblins came too close to shoot any more arrows Thranduil pulled out his twin knives, the ones he won from Elrond and Elros in their little competition of archery. Thranduil screamed his war-cry, "Gurth gothrim lye!!" Not a split second later him and his faithful stead were in the midst of them fighting for their lives. Thranduil hacked and slashed at any goblin that came within his proximity. He fought with a skill beyond comprehension and with a speed none could surpass. He might have been slightly bulky but he was still very much agile, quick and flexible. Barasath bared his teeth at anyone who came too close followed by biting and kicking, he was determined to protect his master at whatever cost. Thranduil came face to face with a larger goblin, no not a goblin, it was an orc, there were orcs in the ranks as well it seemed. Fighting hand to hand with the orc Thranduil did not notice one of the goblins creeping up behind him. His horse screamed to warn him. With lightning-speed reflexes he managed to push the orc away and turn to parry the attack, yet he was still not quick enough for the goblin still managed to bury its scimitar in his side on the left. Thranduil screamed in agony yet he carried on fighting even though his eyesight became hazy and his movements sluggish he could barely defend himself but he somehow managed to stop any weapon from hitting its target. Due to the blood-loss and possible poison Thranduil felt his knees give was soon kneeling on the ground too weak to stand. The orc was leering down at him mere inches from his face, "Ready to die, elf? I shall enjoy ripping that pretty head from your shoulders and keep it as my trophy." The orc began guffawing, his rotten teeth glimmering ominously under the moonlight. Thranduil calmly stared into the eyes of the orc and whispered sinisterly, "You will die before your stroke falls, Feuyaer." Then with a final effort he plunged both his knives into the hideous creature's throat. Thranduil grimaced when the black blood hit him directly in his face. While panting heavily he tried to raise himself off the ground, the fight was not yet over, after all, the small task proved to much for him at that moment and he collapsed again this time, though darkness swept over him and the last thing he heard before unconscious took over was the loud neighing of his horse. Җ A voice seemed to be echoing in the distant. He tried to make sense of it but could not even make out what the voice was saying. He tried to return to his unconscious state but the voice became persistent and he slowly began making words out, "Open your eyes and awaken." Thranduil found the voice much nearer now and he also found that it was addressing him, "Pain." It was all he could manage to croak out." He heard soft footsteps growing softer then a little louder. "Here, drink this." The same voice he heard commanded. Eyes still closed Thranduil turned his head away, he was not sure what was being offered to him. "I said drink." The voice spoke a little harshly, "It is merely water." Thranduil still kept his eyes closed but he took hold of the canter that was being held towards his mouth. Feeling a soft yet slightly rough hand beneath his, he allowed the hand to assist him. After he took a sip, his head fell back to the ground again. Lying still for a moment memories were slowly coming back of the battle. Catching the person behind the voices off guard his eyes flew open he tried sitting up, "Barasath! Barasath! Where is he?" "Easy! Easy, if you are talking about the horse, he's fine, merely a flesh wound on his right flank, nothing to worry about." He felt hands forcefully holding him down, making sure he couldn't get up. Finally relenting he looked up to see who the stranger was that saved their lives. Definitely a woman, if the voice didn't give it away her figure sure did. Her hair was the colour of pure and startling silver as though made of mithril, only reaching the base of her neck. It was braided all around leaving a few loose strands to blow in the soft breeze. Her slightly almond shaped eyes were the unusual colour of violet, certainly a unique colour among the elves. The woman's shapely and full lips were the deepest of reds, making a rose look pale in comparison. Thranduil observed her closer, as beautiful as she was he could see her eyes