Treacherous Paths 3: Love and hate TreacherousPaths 3: Love and Hate A/N: 'Gasp' can it be, no way. That's right, guys, the first chapter in this story. Thanks to everyone who reviewed the previous story and the chapters in between. Rating: K+ Disclaimer: Like before, I do not own the characters that we all know and love or hate. Summary: Sequel to Treacherous Paths and Treacherous Paths 2: Choices, I would recommend reading those first. How strong can Thranduil stand in the midst of life's challenges? Chapter 1 Four seasons passed since the birth of Aranhir, the heir apparent. To elves the passing of a year was like a day's cycle of Anor. Winter had just passed and blossoms were beginning to bloom and grow. Elves loved the season of spring, when everything looked like they were coming alive again after remaining dormant in the winter's chill. Waking to the sound of singing birds was always welcomed by all, even the king appreciated them. The sun was just beginning to rise to greet the day. The soft glow entered through the roof of the palace, lighting up everything in sight. Birds were not the only ones that greeted the day with a song; elves were famous for their gift of song and they would sing anytime and everytime, no matter the situation. The peace and serenity of every morning were always reliable in making themselves known...until it was shattered by the wailing of the newest elf in Greenwood. Aranhir's cries could be heard by everyone in the palace and even by the ones that were just outside. Oropher sprung out of bed and made his way to his baby, who was sleeping in a hand-carved cot just beside his parents' bed. The king picked the child up and rocked him while whispering softly in elvish. Theliel had also awakened, but she did not get up. She had been told by her husband that she was not to tend to the child unless he was to be fed. The rest Oropher took care of, making sure that Aranhir was to be raised by him. This had certainly been tough on his wife, she so badly wanted to hold the child in her arms and mother him. At least she still had Thranduil, and she was grateful for that, for he was a wonderful son, yet that did not stop her from wanting another child to hold in her lap and sing to sleep. Tears of longing filled her eyes but they did not fall. It was not like she just accepted Oropher's proposition, but he was still head of the family and kingdom and she just had to accept the decisions that he made, no matter how much it hurt. Җ Oropher and Theliel were not the only ones to be awakened by the infant's crying. It had been going on like this since his brother was born. Thranduil did not mind and knew that he could not blame the child, but it made him wonder if he was that bad when he was just a little over a year old. He sighed inwardly while staring through the roof. He had become a touch jealous of his baby brother, not only did he take his right to be king but also captured his father's attention just by crying or laughing. Life, indeed, was not fair, but he promised himself that he would love his brother and treat him thusly, he would not allow Oropher to see how upset he really was; that would be like admitting defeat. 'No, I love Aranhir and should he become king, after all, then so be it, I will honour and respect him as such.' As for his father, there was nothing more that he could do, Oropher would always be Oropher, no matter what. He looked out the window to find the sun higher than what he would have liked, 'That is just marvellous, I slept in late, I never sleep in late!' Thranduil all but hopped out of bed and start his morning rituals. Today, he was going to lead a patrol and arriving late was not going to make a very good impression. He quickly pulled his hunting clothes on, brushed his hair; it was now long enough to tie back, the pony would tickle the base of his neck, but he did not mind, far from it, he was glad that his hair was growing, but he still allowed wisps of hair to hang in his face. It annoyed his mother to no end as she kept attempting to push the bangs away from his face and eyes. With a smile on his face, he strapped his bow and quiver to his back. He was almost sorry that he gave his knives to his father, but the feeling would pass when he remembered why he did it. He reached up to his sword that was hanging on the wall and tied it around his waist. Jogging down the hallway and into the dining-room, he gave his mother a chaste kiss on the cheek before grabbing an apple and jogging the rest of the way into the courtyard. He sighed with relief when he found that not everybody had arrived yet and the rest were still tying supplies to their horses. Thranduil went to collect his own horse, Barasath. The magnificent beast strutted around as though he owned the place. Thanduil shook his head and chuckled, "You, mellon nin, are a real piece of work, you know that." The horse snorted while prancing about, only too happy to be out of the stifling stable. Having all that he needed on his person, Thranduil had no need for a saddle and elves did not use tacks or reins to steer their horses. He vaulted onto the back of the horses, causing even the other elves to watch in astonishment, even though they have seen him do it countless times. The others were still tying things to their horses and checking that everything was tied tightly. Thranduil glanced around behind him and saw his father coming down the steps and carrying Aranhir. The older prince ignored them and continued to look around, for no real apparent reason. As he did so, he saw an elf that he did not expect to see and groaned inwardly. Vanmoriel had her hair tied back in a fairly loose bun, allowing strands of hair to hang down her neck and around her beautiful face. She was dressed in a scarlet gown that seemed flow all around her. ' What is she doin?,' Thought Thranduil as she spoke to each of the now mounted elves. She never did that before and she had no reason to. Finally, she came to stand beside his horse, "Beware, my lady, for this horse has a temper that could match a balrog with a headache." Thranduil said, hoping that he would do something that would frighten her away without physically harming her, but Barasath only snorted, ' Oh, now you behave, why does that not surprise me?" The horse whickered as though he was enjoying his mastered discomfort, causing Thranduil to glare at his not-so-faithful steed. Vanmoriel laughed nonchalantly, showing no sign of fear for the horse. Barasath was starting to feel uncomfortable in the woman's presence as his ears were twitching and started prancing ever so slightly, "My lady, it is advisable that you keep your distance from the horse." The dark-haired beauty did not pay any heed to his words, "Nonsense, I have merely come to say farewell to all that are leaving and particularly to you." She placed a hand on his knee, which caused him to jump and glare down at her. She continued to stand on her toes to peck him on his cheek, wallowing in his scent, "Did I ever tell you how good you smelt?" She leered Thranduil jerked away and encouraged his horse to step away from the elleth, hoping she would take the hint. He sighed, relieved that everyone was accounted for and Oropher was making a departing speech. His mother came up to him and put her hand on his knees in a similar fashion that Vanmoriel did, only it was a touch that only a mother could have. She too leaned up and kissed him on the cheek, "Do not let that elleth get to you." He smiled tenderly down at her and responded, "I will try, but if she continues in this fashion I will not be held responsible for my actions." "You may only do something to her if you do not expect me to hold you back," She spoke with a twinkle in her eye and an ever-subtle wink. Turning more serious, she said, "Thranduil, be safe. I do not know how but you have a knack for attracting trouble." The prince laughed and touched her cheek with his fingers, "Have no fear, mother dearest, I will steer as far from danger as possible, unless there is need to take action." He heard the horses' snorts and whickers of impatience, "Farewell, I must go before the horses commit mutiny and encourage their masters to do the same." He whispered loud enough so that everyone could hear, which caused the others to laugh heartily. With a final look at his family, he rode to the front and led the elves through the forest. Җ It had not always been necessary to send out patrols and scouts, yet there was no harm in practicing caution. Rumours were that orcs and goblins from the Misty Mountains were growing bolder and even dared to pass the borders of Greenwood. But the question that Thranduil pondered was what dared the orcs and motivated them to walk deliberately into possible danger? He knew that they were not the sharpest arrow in a quiver and unless they had a leader they were a clueless bunch and would not venture so far from their holes. The more Thranduil thought about it the more he was convinced that they were driven by a guiding hand. He looked around to see that the other elves looked just as grim as he felt. Perhaps they were thinking along the same line of thought as he was. Sadron rode to the front to speak with Thranduil, "My prince, we are nearing Ruid en' Uial." Thranduil nodded, "Yes, I know," he said not unkindly, but he did get a touch annoyed when the obvious was pointed out. It was not like he was blind or oblivious of where they were headed. Ruid en' Uial was the largest, most beautiful glade in Greenwood. It was named Glade of Twilight because of the pool of water. Tiny sparks of silver lights were always seen in the depths, like little pinpricks of stars. No one really knew what they were or where they came from. Near the pool stood a rock that shone with the same looking lights in it. In the day, when the sun shone down, the little lights glowed brighter, almost causing the entire glade to glow and at night, the light of the moon gave them a soft, silver glow that reflected just around the area. The grass sparkled as though made of emerald, along with the leaves, right up to the very tops of the trees. The perfumes of the flowers were intoxicating and could be smelt a mile away. Thranduil dismounted from his horse and the rest followed his example. He led them to the glade and already found himself relaxing and even smiling. He had been tense since Vanmoriel had spoken to him earlier that day. The prince stroked Barasath's neck while the horse was drinking from the refreshing pool. Thranduil decided that he, too, was going to take a drink to quench his thirst. After he satisfied his thirst, he took a cupful of water and splashed it over his face and neck, strands of hair got in