This is an time travel Mockingjay AU! This isn't your ordinary fic and this approach hasn't been done so far I have seen in the Hunger Games fics. Yes I'll include some DC and DBZ elements here but 80% will be hunger games related. This is my first fanfic so some reviews will be nice to help me out! This fic is very Katniss-centric since I don't think some people really get the full depth of her character. So she herself will point out flaws, pros, cons, and etc... on things she should or not have done from Peeta to the rebels. Peeta will be flesh out more too because he could have been saved earlier but the rebels didn't want to move. So his hijacking will be developmental road that will impact the characters more than just Katniss and Haymitch. Expect to see active roles of the other victors as well. I think they were downplayed in MJ which was disappointing from the excitement CF gave us so I will make up for that. Besides the other victors deserve some spotlight not just the Mockingjay! Disclaimer: I do not own Hunger games... Chapter 1: From Future to Present 16 years into the future 18 man-groups of androids arrived from another realm and created havoc upon Earth. They began with Panem. Many of our great heroes from the rebellion perish. Soon the androids spread to other parts of the world leading Earthrealm into a period of darkness. Fortunately hope isn't all lost as some survive the 11 year torment. Katniss Mellark helps leads this team as they are Earthrealm's only hope to freedom and restoration. Katniss (F) POV Today is another training day with Finnick, Willow, and Rye. They have been concern about me since a month ago; I have lost my left arm to the androids and still waiting for mechanical replacement. Haymitch thinks I should rest and let the others deal with the androids. Only 16, 17, & 18 are left! However I cannot do that, I must see an end to this and personally vowed to avenge Peeta. It has been 9 years and I still cannot forget his face and the scene of 16 murdering him and there was nothing I can do about it. I was hanging on a cliff but I had perfect range to shoot but didn't as the explosion occurred leaving 16 resurrecting and Peeta dead. 16 must died by my hands and if I'm to perish for this wish to be fulfilled then so be it. Ever since I learned the matrix style and joined the League of Assassins, I began training the kids. It's possible that the others and I can die and someone must continue carrying the torch of hope for the people. That's why I have invested in these 3 although Finnick has more experience battling the androids and other beings due to his age. He's 15 and 3 years older than Willow and Rye. Annie found out she was pregnant after Finnick's death and unfortunately neither father nor son will ever have the chance to be acquainted. The twins may not remember Peeta but at least they had a few years with him before his death. "Hey Master, can we have a break I'm starving?!" yelled Finnick. "You skipped breakfast again?" asked Willow. "Had to otherwise mom would stop me from coming here. I hate she's overprotective but she has to know I cannot sit around and let this madness continue without doing something about it! Besides I'm not a kid anymore and I am capable of making my own decisions." Finnick replies then I sigh and stare at him and said "You are more like your father than you'll ever know and that's why I decided to train you because Finnick would permit you into this battle and you would have found a way on your own anyway. At least I'm a family friend who cares not some stranger." "At exactly and as much as I hate to admit there are times I prefer you over her, Katniss." He replies and I smirk at the young Odair. We had our lunch as I told them stories about the victors during the Quarter Quell. Those days despite how severity of it, was much simpler than today. I miss Peeta, Prim, Gale, Finnick, and if there was an off-chance I can do it all over again to save them, I would! Suddenly we felt an earthquake as it looks like it's coming from nearby town. "It's the androids again!" yells Rye. Then we see airships with the league and new Panem symbol. "So it is decided then… D-day has finally arrived. Listen you three, you need to stay here!" I said "What?! No way we are coming to help!" said Rye "Rye, I'm more vulnerable when you guys are there. I have lost your father to them. I cannot bear it if you and sister should die. JR, I have made Annie a promise from the moment I became your mentor and I will not let her down." "Sorry Katniss but look at you! You are still injured and with one arm how do you think you can fare against them? This is suicide! I know you're suicidal but this is insane!" screams Finnick "Mom please don't … Daddy wouldn't want you to do this!" said Willow "Fine but if things sour you guys get out!" I replied "Great!" says Rye and Finnick. Rye and Finnick begins to pack up our gear until I attack them both unconsciously. Before Willow could say anything I knocked her out as well. "I'm sorry but this is for the best. If today fails then you three are our only hope! Willow, Rye, please understand no matter what happens I will always love you. JR, you drive me nuts and I think you are complete idiot but you're a good kid. Remember your lessons well, look after my children, and most importantly stay alive." Then I release my glider and fly off to battle hopefully one last time to free with the help of friends and allies to destroy the androids for good. Finnick Jr. POV I wake up in a rainstorm and see the Mellark twins unconscious as well. I look around for Katniss and realize she flea to fight again! I understand the set of priorities but in her condition unless a miracle occurs, certain death awaits her. Even Haymitch would disapprove. I hope her team is there to get her out of there. Willow and Rye has experience too much and they couldn't bear to become orphans. Katniss was gone for about 4 years and we thought she along with Johanna was dead. However I think this time the twins won't get their mother back at least alive. Wasting no time I wake the twins and explain the situation to them. "No she didn't… oh who am I kidding she did!" said Willow, rubbing her head, "We need to get to the city pronto, I don't care if Anthony and the others are there, it doesn't guarantee her survival… and I…" "Willow stop thinking like that we just have to believe." Says Rye "Rye it has been hours, no one is invincible, she may survive a lot but even that has it limits." Rye sneezes with anger, "NO I REFUSE TO BELIEVE OUR MOTHER IS DEAD!" I got in between them, "Look we don't know what happen it is all speculation! We need to get there quickly as possible…" then I turn to Rye, "However there cannot be any blinders as we must be ready for all possibilities." Then we ride on our gliders into the damage city. We decided to split up to find any survivors and hope not to encounter the androids. After 20 minutes I found a crowd surrounding a body. Quickly I see Anthony, I wanted to ask what happen but he gave me a sobering look and turns his head to the person on the ground lying next to a sword. The Mellark twins are next to the person and I realize it is Katniss! However she doesn't move but stays there. "Katniss, why did you go? 16 did Peeta but was it necessary for you jump into battle in your condition? You were one of my closest friends and practically second mother to me." I whisper as tears fall down my face then I begin to scream "Katniss Mellark you cannot do this to us! Your family, friends, Panem and all of Earthrealm still need you damnit! KATNISS! KATNISS!" Present day Katniss Everdeen the mockingjay is in the hospital recovering from her attack with hijacked Peeta Mellark. President Coin announced the districts are close to uniting. Only Districts 1, 2, 5, and 8 remain a struggle. 13 doctors begin to figure out methods to cure Peeta with Haymitch and Effie overseeing the care as his guardians. Katniss POV Suddenly I awake with a strange sense of scenery. I feel something is off and I had a terrible nightmare. Like I was dying and there was a crowd surrounding me during a rainstorm. A teenage boy who looks almost like Finnick kept screaming my name. Based off my appearance, I looked older and really beaten up. This isn't the worst nightmare but the weirdest to the point it almost felt so real. I shouldn't look anymore into this dream besides I have real problems in the real world. "My name is Katniss Everdeen, I'm 17 years old, I survived 2 hunger games, my home district 12 is nonexistent, Peeta's alive but hijacked to kill me, and I have become the rebel's mockingjay." I said, "All I wanted to do is to save Prim and keep Peeta alive, is that too much to ask for?" "No but we cannot get everything we want in life sweetheart." Haymitch approaches me and takes a seat next to my bed. "Look the doctors are going to do whatever they can to help Peeta. Effie and I are keeping an eye on him and of course your sister comes by to check in and make some suggestions from time to time. So stop mopping around and beating yourself up. Perhaps when you are healed you can come by and add your 2 cents in." "Forget it Haymitch! He thinks I'm a mutt and hates my existence. Snow made sure of that! He torture Peeta! Peeta is hurt, damage, and hijacked because of me!" "Look sweetheart…" "Don't start with me! You know it's true and had you kept our bargain he wouldn't be there in the first place!" "Why? So you could be hijacked? Katniss the rebels plan to make you the mockingjay since your first game. Being the rebel's symbol Snow wouldn't let you off as easy. Who's to say we could have saved you and your fate might be worst than Peeta's!" "I don't care! At least he would have been safe! Besides Coin wanted Peeta not me! He would have been your perfect symbol; his gift of words inspires people." "Your action inspires others as well." "Whatever, tomorrow I'm leaving to another district." "Peeta needs you and if the situation was reverse he would have everything in his power to help you." I say nothing and turn to the side to avoid Haymitch's eyes as he continues, "You can live 100 lifetimes and not deserve that boy! You're taking the easy way out sweetheart! Combat is a much safer bet than helping your hijacked fiancé. Why not risk getting myself killed or capture than dealing with the emotional pain of losing the only boy who actually gave a damn unconditionally?" With that Haymitch leaves and guilt sinks in. I know if the reverse was true, Peeta would be helping me every step of the way. However I don't how to help him. Right now keeping distance is necessary. In his eyes I am his enemy and Peeta