Prologue "I need better blinds," Harry muttered to himself, squinting against the blinding light of the early morning as he pushed his blankets aside. Maybe he could save up a bit for one of those fancy charmed blinds you could get in Diagon Alley? He considered the prospect as he stumbled out of bed and towards the bathroom. "Ugh." "You're looking positively dreadful this morning, dear," the mirror said cheerfully as he entered. "Oh, shut it." As the world slowly resolved into clarity, Harry performed his ablutions, barely responding to the mirror's tutting and complaining, especially when he resolved not to try and tame his hair and it got quite irate. If you lived with something like magic mirrors long enough, it became second nature to tune them out. With five large strides he was out of the room entirely, leaving the charmed object calling after him in an affronted tone. It would probably get over his rudeness by the next day. He descended the grand mahogany staircase two steps at a time, vanishing into the kitchen to find some much-desired breakfast. Thankfully, he was not the first one up. The fragrant aroma of cinnamon and sugar wafted towards him as he entered, and he smiled faintly at the sight of his mentor already seated at the kitchen table with his fluffy pink slippers on full display, a cup of tea dangling precariously from his fingers. "Good morning, Harry. How was your night?" asked Albus Dumbledore, glancing at him briefly before returning to the copy of Transfiguration Today sprawled before him. Judging by the crumpling, it was an old issue. Maybe he'd gotten nostalgic and looked up one of his own articles. "I slept like a baby," he replied blandly, and Dumbledore frowned momentarily. "Never mind that, breakfast time!" Harry darted towards the table, plopping himself before a nice cinnamon roll and an assortment of startlingly red strawberries. He nudged them with his fork, inspecting them carefully. Fresh, just how he liked them. He wondered what warranted such a treat. "Slept like a baby, you say?" Dumbledore asked lightly. "I do not recall, I'm afraid, ever passing out in front of the Floo as an infant, nor being transported to my room and undressed by house elves. I trust this will not happen again, Mr. Potter ?" Harry's face flushed pink as he found a sudden interest poking at his food. Dumbledore using his last name was never a good sign. At last Harry dared to look up to check if Dumbledore had returned to his article. To his dismay, his mentor's eyes remained fixed on him. He was waiting for a response. "W-well… You know, it was nothing bad. Just a bit of partying… The Quidditch World Cup is coming up, so we were just doing typical young people stuff." He scoffed. "Besides, you can't fault me for celebrating some good old national pride. We are British, you know." Dumbledore stared at him unblinking, waving a hand to levitate his empty teacup to the sink. "I see. And does this explain the guest I had to escort back through the Floo last night? Was she also a part of — as you put it — celebrating your national pride? I am sure, of course, that she is a wonderful girl, but I will see no acts of debauchery done under my roof." Harry remained silent and once again stared at his pastry. The white icing resting on top was beginning to slide off and squander its rich taste. "It was not that bad," Harry said, already regretting the words before they'd even properly left his mouth. "I mean-" Anger (or was it disappointment?) flickered in Dumbledore's eyes. He sighed, leaning back in his ornate chair, and pursed his lips. "You put yourself at risk, Harry. Drinking underage is bad enough - and, I might stress, illegal - but public intoxication is dangerous. Greater wizards have lost their lives to lesser impairments." "Well, I-," Dumbledore's raised hand stopped him from speaking. "At times, Harry, it is best to admit one's wrongs, and strive to correct them. There is no shame in admitting fault." Harry considered that statement for a long moment, wondering if the old man was throwing him a lifeline. A certain queasy shame curdled in his stomach. "I am sorry, Albus. I didn't intend for this. It won't happen again." "I will hold you to that promise." Harry finally found time to stuff the cinnamon roll into his face, but much of the warmth had faded. "Again," demanded Dumbledore. Harry lifted himself back off the ground, glaring at the old man. He really wished to curse that smug smile off Dumbledore's face right then, and that was the problem. The goal of the exercise was to land a hit on his mentor, and he was failing spectacularly. Dumbledore claimed it was the logical progression of all his teaching, but Harry saw through that explanation: this was punishment. His fate was to be humiliated. "What's the point of this? You're decades ahead of me." Dumbledore's infuriating smile didn't go away. "And that will remain true as long as you refrain from practicing. Let's try again. Remember that you must think, and not simply react. Haphazardly throwing out spells will bring you no victory against even a moderately skilled duelist." Harry reached downwards picking his wand up off the grass and allowed his fingers to encircle the holly wood. "Fine. Have it your way." "You may begin whenever you're ready," instructed Dumbledore, his own wand hanging loosely from his fingers. Harry's eyes darted around the mansion's grounds, looking for anything to give him a tactical advantage. No great epiphany came, as there was no obvious cover available in the fifteen meters that separated them. Resigned to his fate, Harry slashed with his wand. A barrage of three spells — a cutting curse, stunning charm, and exploding charm — burst towards Dumbledore's legs. " If you attack their footing, an off-balanced wizard cannot cast accurate, powerful spells." Dumbledore's advice rang through his head. Unfortunately, the trio of spells barely made it three feet before they were intersected by a small, bird-shaped projectile and dispersing into a shower of green energy. Again, blue and red light launched from his wand, a flurry of half a dozen spells darting through the air towards Dumbledore in an attempt to overwhelm his defenses. The old man lazily waved his wand and a flock of birds removed even that threat. "Time for a bit of transfiguration, then…" Harry turned towards the large alder tree behind him, channeling his magic into its loose branches, which snapped off as they took the shape of particularly leafy raccoons. They hissed, saliva spewing out of their mouths, and they let out a vicious snarl as they dashed towards Dumbledore. Harry wasn't entirely sure if you could transfigure rabies, but he figured he'd come close enough. Dumbledore paused, a smile creeping on his face, perhaps because he recognized one of his own tactics turned against him. Harry sent two more reductos followed by a disarming charm towards Dumbledore, hoping that the raccoons would be a sufficient distraction for one to sneak through. Dumbledore winked, conjuring a hulking bear which quickly batted the raccoons away with a single blow, dissolving them into so much dead wood. Three soft thumps resounded through the air as the spells collided with Dumbledore's transfiguration, fizzling into nothing. "An admirable attempt at distraction," his mentor said. "Though it's perhaps unwise to use a strategy against the person who invented it." A plan began to form in Harry's mind as he waved his wand to his left, another tree fracturing in on itself and splitting into a dozen more raccoons. The new batch, as rabid as the last, launched themselves towards Dumbledore's bear. Harry watched Dumbledore's curious expression. A wizard must be creative with their spells, he knew. Simple, telegraphed charms and curses were easy to block and even easier to anticipate. Dumbledore lazily twirled his wand causing blades of grass to erupt from the ground. They were transfigured into flying knives, which cleanly decapitated all of the charging raccoons. With another flick of his wand the bear transformed into a cheetah which started sprinting towards Harry, who responded with blasting curses. The first missed, while the next two connected but were unable to overcome the enchantments, bouncing off the creature harmlessly. Harry recoiled when he realized he didn't have any stronger destructive spells on hand, and tried to backpedal to put distance between himself and his pursuer. He shot spells towards the beast wildly, his wand becoming a rainbow of colors. The animal continued on unfazed by the bombardment of spells. Harry's feet caught an uncharacteristic hole in the ground which he could have sworn had never been there before, and he soon found himself falling backwards. "Depulso." he shouted hoping that pronouncing the spell would give it more power. Again, the charm dissipated once coming in contact with the cat. Harry landed on his back and closed his eyes when he saw the animal leap at him claws out and teeth visible. The pain of sharp nails and teeth sinking into his skin never came. There was the cold splash of ice water, however, and he scowled as he found his whole body drenched. "Has the time for your apology yet come, Harry?" asked Dumbledore. No, Harry didn't want to. In fact, apologizing was the last thing that he wanted to do. Curse Dumbledore violently? Yes, that sounded good. Burn all his books? Even better. Eat all his sherbet lemons? Well, fashion Harry the next dark lord. "I was wrong," he relented causing Dumbledore to smile, "transfiguration isn't actually useless in a duel. I just said that to annoy you." "Excellent," Dumbledore declared, beaming, "If you ever have such doubts again, I have no problem in teaching you the basics of transfiguration once more." He winked. While Dumbledore was happy, Harry was everything but. His green eyes narrowed much akin to that of a snake. His glare lacked the power that an older wizard had, but it could probably pierce a hole an average wall at Hogwarts — a wall of paper, of course. Only Dumbledore would claim conjuring unbreakable animated animals was basic, not well beyond N.E.W.T. level magic. Waving his wand towards himself he cast a drying charm. "I can see that transfiguration is useful, but why does it matter? Curses are the strongest form of magic after all. There's a reason everyone uses them," Harry commented. Dumbledore sighed. "Haven't you realized yet? There is no strongest form of magic." His voice had a trace of disenchantment as if trying to compare the different types of magic was a sin. "Oh, come on. They can't all be equally as powerful." Harry protested. "They're not. Each discipline of magic has its uses." Dumbledore responded, pocketing his wand and walking back towards his house. Harry followed him, but the excited spring in his step from the morning was absent. He reasoned a long nap would be nice or maybe a bottle of butterbeer — firewhiskey was off limits at the moment, after his little escapade. "The strength of magic is dependant on the caster and their capacity. Arithmancy and Ancient Runes are obviously not prevalent in fighting, but the former is incredibly important in understanding the inner-workings of spells — arguably more important than any other field of magic you will learn — and the latter is important in the understanding and application of wards. While being a well-rounded wizard is important, I find that people focusing on any one area of expertise are the most dangerous duelists. Whether that is curses, or charms, or transfiguration." "I suppose…" Harry said noncommittally, cleaning his shoes before stepping back into the house. "So what's the problem with focusing on curses?" "They are useful in that they allow a mediocre wizard to have spells that can deal real damage