Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or anything you recognize. Summary: Aviana (Ava) Davidson's been dating Jacob Black for two years. He's been pulling away from her for over a month but won't tell her why when she asks. He finally tells her, he's imprinted and he can't see her anymore. Ava runs off crying and finds comfort in the last person she ever expected, the guy that always acted like he hated her, Paul Lahote. Her name is pronounced A-vee-ahna The quotes come from Please review. CHAPTER 1 I don't know why they call it heartbreak. It feels like every other part of my body is broken too. ~Missy Altijd Aviana, Ava, Davidson couldn't believe what happened. The love of her life had just dumped her and she swore she felt her heart crumble into dust as he said the words. They couldn't be together anymore, he had found someone else, he was in love with someone else. She knew this could happen when they started dating but she had a crush on him and thought it was worth the risk of getting her heart broken. She never imagined it would hurt this much, like someone just reached inside her chest and grabbed her heart and squeezed it until it crumbled. Ava ran into the woods and finally collapsed under a tree dissolving into more sobs as what happened ran through her mind again. Ava ran her fingers through her dark hair as she sat on the porch and waited for her boyfriend, Jacob to get home and pick her up. They were going to the movies together tonight. Her and Jacob had been dating for two years and had been living together for about six months. She had never felt the way she felt about Jacob about anyone. She was so in love with him and he always told her he loved her to. They had talked about getting married and having a family. He had even given her a ring as a promise of that, not exactly an engagement ring but close to it. For a little over a month, she felt like he was pulling away from her and she had asked him about it but he always told her it was nothing to worry about. She knew it was definitely something because they hadn't had sex in over a month so her first thought was he was cheating on her. Ava looked up and saw Jacob walking towards her. She smiled and stood up and walked towards him " Jake," she smiled. " Hey," he smiled and Ava went to wrap her arms around him but he stopped her and took a step back from her. Jacob saw the hurt flash through her eyes and hated what he was about to do but it had to be done, he should have done it sooner but he didn't want to let her go but he knew now he had to he couldn't keep things going the way they were. " Jake what's going on?" she asked quietly. "And don't tell me nothing." " We need to talk," Jacob told her and she took a deep breath and nodded. "Ava you know I love you," he began. " I know Jake and I love you to" " I know which is why this is so difficult but I can't keep it from you any longer," he told her and stepped forward and took her hands in his "And I should have told you a lot sooner and I'm sorry I didn't," he said. "I never wanted to hurt you." He told her and laid his palm against her cheek. " Jake," she whispered and she felt her eyes fill with tears and he dropped his hand from her cheek. " We can't be together anymore Ava," he told her. " Why not Jake?" she asked and she felt tears slide down her cheeks. " I imprinted," he told her and Ava pulled her hands away from his. " Oh its why you've been pulling away from me, you've found your soul mate," she said. " Ava I…I'm sorry," he said softly and reached out to touch her and she jerked away. "I…." " No Jake," she cried. "Don't touch me!" she yelled and turned and ran off from him. " AVA!" Jacob yelled after her. When she was dating Jacob, Ava knew there was a chance he could imprint but she loved him so much she just didn't care. She thought it was worth it.,that he was worth it. Jacob was worth the risk of getting her heart broken because she loved him so much. The two of them had been dating two years and he hadn't imprinted yet so everyone just thought he wasn't going to imprint. Most of the other guys had found their imprints, even Leah had imprinted, her and Embry had imprinted on each other. The only ones who hadn't imprinted besides Jake were Paul and Seth, now Jake had imprinted and she had no idea what she was going to do. Ava finally stopped running and collapsed under a tree in the woods hugging her legs to her chest with her head buried in her lap as she continued to sob. She had no idea how long she had been there and probably would have stayed there the rest of the afternoon and night if she hadn't felt something bump her leg. Ava looked up startled and found herself staring at a grey…no he was silver, never grey, a silver wolf. She had forgotten how beautiful he was when he was phased. Not that he was ugly or anything like that as a person. As a person he was very sexy but when he was phased he was beautiful. "Paul," she whispered and he sat down in front of her and looked at her confused. Ava wiped her eyes with the back of her hand and looked at him "Jake broke up with me," she sniffled answering his unasked question and the wolf stood up and walked away. Ava wiped her eyes again as she watched him walk away, she should have known Paul wouldn't care if Jacob broke her heart. He made his disapproval of her relationship with Jacob very clear, even more so once she found out the secret about how they phase into wolves. He was the one always telling her she shouldn't be with Jacob because they weren't right for each other. That he could imprint and he would leave her when he did because you can't fight the imprint. Ava looked up and saw Paul walking back towards her wearing nothing but blue jean cut-offs. "Aviana," Paul said and knelt down in front of her, she lifted her head and looked at him. "I thought you left," she said softly "No I just went to phase back and get clothes on," he told her. "Jake broke up with you" "Yeah he imprinted and I don't know what I'm going to do," she confessed and started crying again. "Please don't do that," Paul said and wiped her tears away. "You knew this could happen when you and Jake started dating and moved in together," he told her and she nodded. "I didn't care because I loved him," she told Paul. "Haven't you ever felt that way about anyone?" she asked him. "Haven't you ever been in love with someone so much it didn't matter to you if you could get hurt?" she asked and Paul let out a sigh and shook his head. "Of course you haven't, I forgot who I was talking to," sighed. "You don't have serious girlfriends." "You don't get hurt if you don't get to attached to someone," he told her. "I never thought Jake would imprint," she admitted and started to sob again. "Ava," he said. "You know I'm horrible when it comes to the whole women crying thing." "I'm sorry," she sniffled as she wiped her eyes. "Its not your fault you fell in love with Jake and he's broken your heart," Paul told her. "Come on," he said and scooped her up in his arms. "You can't stay here all afternoon and night." "I can if you put me down," she told him. "No Aviana," he said firmly and he carried her out of the woods. A few minutes later he walked in his house and placed her on the couch. "Why did you bring me to your house?" she asked. "Last place anyone would look for you," he told her and she nodded. "Thanks," she whispered and sat up and pulled her cell phone out of her pocket. When she looked at the screen there were three missed calls from Jacob. "I never heard it ring," she said and sat it on the table. "Not going to call him back?" No he has an imprint to worry about now and I don't really want to see him which sucks because I have to go home eventually and he'll be there," she told him. "Since we live together." "I know," Paul said and sat beside her. "Do you know where you're going to go?" "No Paul I have no idea," she told him and he let out a sigh and looked over at her. Her eyes were all red from where she had been crying and her cheeks had tear stains on them. He didn't like seeing her so upset and he could kick Jacob's ass for not telling her sooner, for stringing her along as long as he did. "You can stay here," he heard the words tumble out of his mouth before he could stop them. Ava looked over at him shocked. "Why would you want me to stay here?" she asked confused. "You hate me." "I don't hate you Ava," Paul told her. "Why would you think that?" "Well you've always acted like it and you were mean to me most of the time," She said as her phone rang and she glanced at it and saw it was Jacob calling again. "He's going to keep calling until you talk to him," Paul told her and she let out a sigh. "I don't really want to talk to him or see him right now." She said and her phone chimed signaling a message. She picked up her phone and called the voicemail to listen to the message. She actually had three messages all from Jacob, saying he was worried about her and wanting to make sure she was ok and to please call him and let him know if she as ok. "Messages from Jake wanting to know if I'm ok," she told Paul. "He's probably with his imprint while he's calling me." "Ava…." "Have you seen her?" she asked curiously. "Is she pretty?" "Ava, you don't really want to talk about that do you?" "Just answer me Paul," she pleaded. "I know you won't lie to me." "Yes I've seen her. She's pretty," Paul admitted. "Not as pretty as you though." He told her and brushed her hair away from her face. "You don't have to say that Paul," she told him and he shrugged "Its true," he said and she smiled slightly. "You know I wouldn't lie to you." "I know," she nodded. "What's her name?" "Darci," Paul said and she nodded and they fell silent. Ava's phone ringing a few minutes later broke the silence. "Just answer it," he said. "So he'll leave you alone." "Fine," she huffed and picked her phone up. "Hello." "Ava!" Jacob exclaimed. "You're ok," he said relieved. "Jake," was all she said. "'I've been worried about you," he told her. "So worried." "'Of course you have," she replied, her eyes filling with tears. "All that matters is you're ok," he told her. "When are you coming home?" "I'm not coming home tonight," she told him. "I can't be in the same house as you." "Ava where are you going to stay?"