Authors Note: I found this on my laptop and didn't bother reading it all the way through before posting. Whoops. ;) Draco doesn't go to Hogwarts, instead he goes to Viktor Krum's school. Hermione goes to Hogwarts. Voldemort died when he tried to kill Harry, so Harry's parents are dead. Hermione and Draco meet, they both think the other is muggle. Disclaimer: The world of Harry Potter is not mine, it belongs to the great and wonderful, J.K. Rowling. I wish I owned it though... DPOV: Draco ran a hand through his silky blond-whitish hair. A frown etched into his handsome, pale face. The sun beat on his back and he sighed. Stupid weather. His mother and father were about, looking for his Durmstrang books and robes. He sincerely wished he went to Hogwarts and not Durmstrang, the only good thing about his school was Viktor Krum. Draco looked around before taking a step into the Leaky Cauldron. He could see the large group of red headed freaks, more commonly known as the Weasels. Passing them was an easy feat. Draco didn't even bother making eye contact with the group, he just simply strode away. He passed through the Leaky Cauldron and sighed. He found his parents in Flourish and Blotts, looking through a variety of intellectual books. He rolled his eyes and walked over to his parents. He tapped his mother's shoulder. "Mum?" he drawled, waiting for her attention. He received it rather quickly. turned sharply and her eyes settled on her sons face. "Yes darling? Do you need anything?" she asked. Draco nodded. "Yes. Mother? I'm leaving to go meet up with Crabbe and Goyle before heading to the Manor. Is that alright?" Narcissa nodded, knowing perfectly well that he'd go anyway. "Be careful, don't talk to the muggles!" she whisper shouted into her son's ear. She fixed his hair before leaning down to give him a quick peck on the cheek. She sighed and pushed him out the door after slipping a handful of Galleons into his pale hands. "Don't take your robes with you," she said. With a simple wave of her wand, Draco's robes disappeared and he was left in jeans and a short sleeved shirt. He nodded to his mother and walked off. He hadn't planned on finding Crabbe and Goyle. He just wanted an excuse to get out of Diagon Alley, even if it meant going into Muggle London. He pulled out his wand and tapped the right brick, before slipping out of Diagon Alley and into London. Muggle London was the –for lack of better word- opposite of Wizard London. But that was expected. There were lots of muggles, most of them dressed in his type of attire. It disgusted him. He felt like one of them, pathetic and unimportant. He'd give the muggles one thing though; they knew how to avoid heat without magic. On a day this hot, he'd have placed a cooling spell on himself. Muggles couldn't, but they seemed perfectly fine without the spell. Most likely because of those A.C. things. He was just passing a bar when a group of girls, all of them wearing rather unnerving dresses, passed him. One of them winked at him and smiled perkily. Draco could feel his ego boost just a tiny bit. It didn't matter that they were slutty Muggle girls, they were still hot. Any flirty hot girl was good enough for Draco. Not for long term thing, maybe a simple fling. "It's pathetic really. All they have to do is walk around, in their revealing dresses and they get all the attention they want. All the males in London have the IQ of a small bit of plankton. It drives me up the wall. Just yesterday, I heard Jake Willingfan say he wanted to shag Dorothy Moray in his kitchen! Can you believe that?" a voice chattered behind Draco. He turned sharply, feeling rather insulted but the comment. The speaker was a bushy haired girl. She seemed roughly the age of Draco. She walked past Draco with a friend lagging behind. Draco, deciding to defend his gender, ran after the two girls. They walked up to a bus stop and continued to speak. Draco walked up to them and tapped the ginger haired girl. "Yes, can I help you?" she asked. Draco nodded. "Yes, your perspective on London men is rather infuriating. What makes you think all men have the IQ of plankton?" he asked sullenly. The girl looked rather surprised, before replying. "Men only seem to care about looks rather than personality. They only care about the bright and obvious. They only care about the exterior of a girl, instead of the interior. If the girl is pretty but shallow, it doesn't matter. But if she's not pretty but deep, with an actual personality, she's not worth dating," the girl replied, huffing. Draco rolled his eyes. This girl was so unimaginative. Of course men liked pretty woman, why wouldn't they? What was not to like? You wouldn't want to date an ugly troll, now would you? He felt like voicing this predicament. "Would you date an unbelievably ugly guy? With warts and big eyes. You wouldn't want to date anybody revolting. Would you?" he asked, feeling smug at the look on her face. She quickly recovered. "You are all the same. Thinking a person's looks is all there is to them. Just shows how shallow males are," she turned to the girl next to her, "Mary? Let's go," Angrily, Draco raced after them. "That's not true! Males are intelligent. They—I mean we are patient, too. I managed to hold a conversation with you, didn't I?" The girl laughed. "Just because you managed to hold a conversation doesn't mean you are intelligent. Besides, the conversation was about the dignity of your gender!" she said. Draco felt baffled. And embarrassed. "I can prove you wrong!" he shouted. "Really? You don't even know my name!" "You don't know mine!" he retorted. The girl looked momentarily taken back. He grinned. A smirk, proud and victorious, slipped onto his features. He could hear the bushy haired girl's friend, take in a breath. Good, he had that effect on ladies. "Fine then. My name is Hermione Granger. This," she gestured to her friend, "is Marilyn Katrina. You are?" she prompted. "Draco Malfoy," he replied cockily. Draco waited for the girl to suck in a breath, in some form of recognition. To act as if she was surprised to know him. But then he realised she was a muggle. And a muggle wouldn't know who Lucius Malfoy was. Nor who his offspring was. A slight bit of disappointment nestled into the bottom of his stomach. He'd forgotten that the girl was a muggle. Granger nodded briskly. She continued to look at him expectantly. Draco, feeling self-conscious looked around. Why was she staring at him so hard? Was there something wrong? Did she know him? Had he insulted her, without realizing? "Well...?" she asked. Draco looked at her, dumbfounded. What in Merlin was she going on about? Well what? "What?" he asked intelligently. He was starting to hate the way she was looking at him. Victoriously. It was creeping him out. "How are you going to prove it? Judging by the conversation we just had, I'd have to say. You seem to have less IQ than a piece of seaweed. And seaweed doesn't have an IQ!" she exclaimed happily. Draco flushed, feeling highly embarrassed. Marilyn giggled. "Go on a date ... with me. I'll prove to you I'm not stupid. Nor are males. Some males are, but hey. You can't control everybody can you? I mean, you obviously can't control how bushy your hair is? Or how long your teeth are? Can you?" he said. He realised a moment too late how insulting that comment was. Granger looked highly offended. "Oh, crap. I'm sorry, that came out wrong! Wait!" he shouted, as she spun on her heel and stalked away. "Wait! I'm sorry! Wait—Granger!" he ran after and grabbed her elbow. He pulled on it and she turned to look up at him. He was surprised to see her eyes shining with unshed tears. Guilt took over his features. "You're all the same. Pathetic. You don't care how much you hurt people, do you? None of that matters. I've always hated people like you. Snarky, rude, unobservant. Get a life Malfoy. I hope you find a girl that fulfills your shallow and pointless wishes," she stormed off. But then halted. She turned to look at him. "For a moment, I thought you were normal. Had an actual intelligence. But, you're just like the rest!" Then Hermione Granger stormed off. Her friend, Marilyn Katrina, walked over to Draco with a smirk. She slipped a piece of paper into his hand. "I'm still on board!" she whispered. Leaning up, she placed a sneaky kiss on his cheek. Marilyn stepped back and smiled. She flipped her sunshine hair before racing after Granger. Draco looked down at the slip of paper in his fingers. They read, in fancy letters, Marilyn Katrina : Call me! Her number was written underneath, in equally styled handwriting. Draco smirked. Even when he was losing an argument, he still managed to charm the ladies. Draco waltzed off. Confidently, he walked over to a fountain and sat down on the rusty bench. He looked down at the slip of paper, turning it over in his nimble, long and slender fingers. Draco stretched and yawned, but he still couldn't shake off the guilt he felt. It was pointless really; he'd never see her again. The worst part was she was a muggle! He shouldn't feel guilty about hurting a muggle's feelings. They didn't matter. He was Draco Malfoy! The son of an extremely important man. He was rich, handsome and athletic! What more could anyone want? Then why in bloody hell, did he feel so damn bad? It just wasn't right! Dinner at the Manor was quiet that day. Lucius and Narcissa spent the entire time, happily chatting about Lucius's promotion. Both in ranking and payment. Draco, however, spent the time silently pondering why Granger was still etched into his brain. He felt primitive, like a muggle. He didn't know anything about her. Not her address, age, or even school. He only knew the phone number of her friend. The only reason he even knew telephones existed was because of his mandatory Muggle Studies class. It was a mandatory class in his school. After being excused for dinner, he made his way up to his room. He was enjoying the silence of his room. Quiet and peaceful. The silence was shattered when his owl began to peck against the window. He walked over to the window and propped it open. The eagle owl flew in and perched on its perch after throwing the letter down. Draco opened up the roll of parchment. The letter was from his friend, Marcus Flint. Draco, Father has just told me about the Tournament going on at Hogwarts this year! Durmstrang students are coming too! Pansy and her friends are waiting for Krum to arrive at the school. I think it's funny; they're scampering over his feet. Just watch, they'll be after you too! They know what you look like and Pansy's been driving me nuts, trying to figure out where you live. Creepy, I know! Anyway, how's your summer been? School's starting in a month, unbelievable! Potter and Weasley have been having the time of their lives. Last year... The letter went on; Flint continued to update Draco on what was happening with the great Harry Potter and his sidekick, Ron Weasley. Draco had started to build a hatred for Potter, he didn't really know why. He just didn't like the way people cared about Potter. They treated him like a hero. He didn't really do anything; just get survived a killing curse. No big feat... Yeah right. The Dark