Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. This author is quite penniless and is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Saving Her Last Cub By The Acromantula Chapter One The second Voldemort war ended on May 2nd, 1998 at Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry. On May Third, the dead were gathered by loved ones and a mass memorial service was held on the grounds of Hogwarts. Interim Minister for Magic Kingsley Shacklebolt and other ministry officials gave short speeches on remembrance and the renewal of hope for the future. Kingsley had hoped that either one of the golden trio would want to address the assembled crowd. He wanted Harry to speak but knew that was asking way too much. He wanted to find out exactly what led to Voldemort's downfall and there was only one person living that could give him the full story. He was either going to have schedule an appointment with Harry or he was going to have haul his scrawny ass in for questioning. He didn't want to make the mistakes of the previous administrations. He damn sure knew not to mess with that green eyed god of a man. After the memorial service, Kingsley tried to find Harry, Ron or Hermione. The Golden Trio was not amongst the crowd. He did see a familiar face. His familiar transfiguration professor and newly appointed headmistress Minerva McGonagall. "Minerva, it's good to see you putting on such a strong face." Kingsley said with a warm smile. "It's a clever variation of a glamour charm Filius came up with a few years ago. Honestly, Kingsley, I've never felt so empty, alone or numb. I'd show you my real face but a stare from a basilisk would be kinder on your complexion." Minerva said without a hint of emotion. "Our society has weathered storms just as bad. It's just hard to see our children fighting to fix the problems that we adults could not solve. On another matter, has anybody caught a glimpse of our three young heroes?" Kingsley inquired. "I last saw Mr. Weasley with the Weasley family just before the memorial service. They let me know that they were going to a hold private service for Fred in a week's time. I am not sure where Miss Granger is. I haven't seen her since she, Harry, and Ron arrived yesterday evening. Kingsley, I'm not sure I am strong enough to make it through the coming week. Too many of my former students are now dead. I don't think I will be able to make it if I have to go any funerals. This memorial service is the only thing I can take without becoming a weeping widow." Minerva said. The anxiety was palpable between two old friends. "You will carry on. The Old McGonagall Battle Axe always lives to swing another day." Kingsley said holding back a smirk. "Don't you think for a second that I won't haul you into detention and dock fifty house points just because you are the minister for magic and a graduate of Hogwarts! There is only one person alive who could ever give me such cheek and not face any consequences." She said trying to hold her back her temper. Yet amidst her temper, a small smile sneaked onto her face. "And where is young Master Potter? I am tempted to issue an arrest order to hall him in for questioning. However, that seems just what Foolish Fudge would have done. I would like to hear his story, the uncensored raw version of how he took down Moldyshorts." Kingsley said jovially. "You boys and your war stories, I swear it's just another version of a good old measurement contest. It's a good thing nobody can hear the head of the magical government speak with such an uncouth gob. Anyways, how did you know that I was speaking about Potter?" pawed Minerva curiously. "It's no secret amongst the order that you always tried to fight on Harry's behalf. They truly were the worst sort of muggles that I have ever seen too. Secondly, I remember how close you were to his parents. You were the second one to hold him right after Lily. The healers had a problem trying to wake up James after he fainted. A simple Rennervate wasn't strong enough that they had to use muggle smelling salts." Kingsley said with a smile. Minerva was surprised with Kingsley's knowledge. Not many people knew how close she was James and Lily. Luckily, Flitwick's glamour hid her look of surprise. "The last time I saw Mr. Potter, it was just after the battle had ended. He was walking towards Albus's tomb. He looked no better than reanimated corpse. It was quite unpleasant. I would hazard a guess that he is either sleeping up in Gryffindor Tower or collapsed in the hospital. Poppy and I have been meaning to get a plaque made to hang above the bed he seems to unfortunately frequent." She said with the smallest of smiles. "Well, I ask you to let him know that I would like to have that meeting with myself and one representative from both the Auror corps and the Department of Mysteries. If he is worried about revealing his story, tell him that I will classify it as a state secret of the highest level. However, I have a feeling that Harry will want to get this story off of his conscious pretty quickly. The weight must be immense. Yet knowing Harry's personality, he just might keep it bottled up until he explodes. The question then becomes if we can put Harry back together again." Kingsley said smugly. "Just when you think you have figured Mr. Potter out, he rewrites the history books. I swear the Potter family motto must be "The Word Normal isn't in Our Vocabulary". He can be both predictable and unpredictable. I will however pass your request along. Kingsley, I hate to cut this short but I have a school I need to rebuild. I still have high hopes that we will have the school repaired for the start of the fall term that is if I get the full support from the ministry. Feel free to drop by when your schedule permits. Just floo me first." Minerva said with a small smile. Minerva started to head back up towards the castle. Minerva picked her wand up off of the table next to the large comfortable couch and cast a tempus charm. It was closing in on two in the morning. Rebuilding a castle which was over a thousand years old doesn't happen overnight but would take a few months even with an army of witches, wizards and house elves helping out. She was sure that Hogwarts would reopen in time for September First. Even with the aid of magic, planning the logistics for the castle's reconstruction used to be a constant headache; now they were closing in on a nightmare but McGonagall soldered on and nearly finished them up. She needed to start planning for the upcoming year. There was a legend amongst the student body that the defense against the dark arts post was cursed. Once again, the position was vacant and it needed to be filled before the start of the year. She made a note to floo Bill Weasley about looking into this rumored curse. She had the perfect candidate in mind. The problem was going to be convincing him to take the job. Now that was going to be a tall order. Over the years, she really hadn't endeared herself to him because it would look highly biased and unprofessional if she did. Why now then did she feel like not being closer to him was one if not the biggest mistake in her life? She was deeply lost in thought when the wards on her office started to chime. Someone was approaching her office door. She picked up her wand and cast the tempus charm again. It was almost four in the morning. Something must be seriously wrong if I'm getting disturbed at this hour she thought. She stood up from her comfy chair and walked over to a full length mirror. At the age of sixty three, she didn't show her age. Witches and wizards aged slower than their muggle counterparts. A healthy and powerful magical could live to see two hundred years. She could have easily passed for a woman in her late twenties to early thirties. When Minerva was alone she dropped her powerful glamour charm. When she was hired, she was one of the youngest in her field to attain her mastery in the subject. She used a glamour charm to give herself a much older look. She reasoned that her students would take her more seriously if she appeared quite older. She rarely let down her beautiful flowing dark auburn hair but it was very late and she was very relaxed. She was glad that her black professor's robe was on the large side. Her figure would be a constant distraction for most of her male students and some of her female students. She smiled at the fact that Miss Granger wasn't very subtle with her staring. She knew the young witch's secret. Being homosexual in the magical world was worse than in the muggle world. She knew that Miss Granger had a rather large crush on her Transfiguration professor. If she was attracted to the same sex and wasn't a professor, Hermione would have been her perfect choice. Age never bothered Minerva. Her motto was 'Age is only a number. It is your spirit that matters'. She would keep Hermione's secret. Nobody knew how to crack the safe that was her mind. No, Minerva only had eyes for one wizard but she was unsure if she would ever act upon those feelings. At this late hour, it was just her robe and a matching sheer lacy emerald green and panty set. Luckily, the robe was securely fastened closed. Wardrobe malfunctions even in the wizarding world were quite the faux pas. She heard a knock coming from the other side of her office. She gave one last glance at herself as she deemed herself reasonably presentable given the late hour. The door to her living quarters had several security wards and a few locking charms. She also had a notification charm which would display her visitor's name above the door frame. When she looked for the notification charm, a warm smile formed. Her lion had finally come home. She first ran to her wardrobe and pulled off her robe. She banished the robe to the clothes hamper and pulled on the sheer lacy emerald green night gown which matched her bra and panty set. She then walked back over to the door and waved her wand a few times removing the locking charms and security wards. After all, the world just went through a war. He still looked like a walking corpse. She knew that she was not supposed to have favorites but Harry was one of two exceptions. She was there for his birth. After Lily, Minerva was the second person to hold Harry right after he was born. She was his unofficial godmother. If or when the wills of James and Lily Potter ever resurfaced, she was quite sure that the title of godmother would have been established. "Prof…Prof…Prof…" Harry stuttered trying to formulate her name. Minerva couldn't resist giving a hug. Harry was a person who needed a loving embrace. She pulled Harry in close. She was surprised when Harry's hand unintentionally cupped her large shapely breast. Even if said shapely breast was covered by two layers of rather thin fabric, a strange yet welcome and powerful feeling which coursed through her entire body. There