Summary: After Edward leaves, Bella comes across an old Quileute book at Jacob's house in La Push. Out of curiosity, Bella tries a traveling incantation to send herself back in time, right into Edward's arms. What she doesn't count on is sending herself about two centuries too far. Leave it up to her to mess it up. Bella/Carlisle. A/N: I was inspired by another fic to write this. I read it forever ago, but I remember Bella went back in time somehow or another and was with Carlisle. I really liked the idea of that, so I gave it a try. Well, I'd like to know what you think! I hope you enjoy. "Jake, what's this?" Bella asked, picking up an ancient looking book from one of the many boxes in his garage. "I have no idea," Jake walked over, taking it from Bella. "It's written in Quileute Chimakuan...Let's see," he murmured, trying to read the words. "I can make out the word, 'Magic'." "Hmm, is it a spell book?" Bella smiled ruefully, looking at the book at he flipped the pages. "It appears so," He said, shaking his head. "This one says prosperity." he pointed to a page, before flipping. "Hmm," he said, his eyebrows furrowing. "What is that one?" she asked, pointing to the page he turned to. It depicted a person walking into what appeared to be a portal, and emerging from another one. "Is is a traveling spell?" "Well, if I'm not mistaken...I believe this translates to, 'time'," he said, raising his eyebrows. "Hey, think it works?" he grinned. "I don't know about you, but I'd try to prosperity one for the hell of it." Bella wasn't interested in money. But, what she was interested in...was the time travel. If she could go back in time, she could stop what happened at her birthday party at the Cullens. If that hadn't happened, she had a feeling Edward never would have left...he'd still be here, with her in his arms. "I'm more interested in the time travel," she said, smiling at him. "Do you think you can translate it?" "Uh, maybe," Jake shrugged, clearly not believing any would work anyway. "I recognize the ingredients. You need ocean water and a pebble from the shores of La Push, lavender, and...what?..oh God, gross!" "What?" Bella exclaimed, worried that it was something impossible to get. "You need the heart of a squirrel ," Jake said, clearly grossed out. "..." "Bella, don't look at me like that. I am not killing a squirrel for something this stupid," Jake snapped, frowning at Bella. "Jake, you idiot!" Bella exclaimed. Of course she didn't want him to kill a little squirrel! "Don't you know where we have to go?" "My uncle is going to thinking we're fucking insane," he hissed to Bella, standing outside his Uncle's cabin. His uncle hunted, and he often cut up the meat, giving or selling it to the residents in La Push. "I'm sure he kills squirrel," Bella whispered. "He probably has a squirrel heart." "...Fine, you ask him for a squirrel heart and looking like a raging psychopath!" he hissed back, knocking on his uncle's door. She wanted this bad enough, she'd do it. An elderly man answered the door, smiling when he saw Bella and Jake. "Well, hello there Jake and Isabella," he smiled toothily. "Can I help you?" "Uh, hey uncle," Jake smiled nervously. "...Bella wanted to ask you something." Bella slightly glared at Jacob. "Um...d-do you hunt s-squirrel?" she asked timidly, beginning to think Jake was right...she probably would look crazy. "Why I sure do!" he smiled. "Are you wanting some squirrel meat honey?" "Well, not exactly. We...Jake and I..." Jake glared at her. "Were wondering if you had...a squirrel heart? I need it for...school." He raised his white eyebrows in surprise. "A squirrel heart? Well, okay," he smiled. "I'll bring you one; Free of charge. I just throw them out, they're too small to eat." "Thank you so much!" Bella smiled, looking over at Jake. "Anytime, honey," he smiled, walking back into his cabin. Bella elbowed Jake. "See? It's fine!" "...You do know that that book is a bunch of crap, right?" Jake hissed. "Please tell me this is for fun only; that you don't really believe in this stuff?" "Of course not," Bella said in a high pitched voice. Did she really think it would work? Not really. But, to get Edward back...she'd sure as hell give it a try. In no time, Jake's uncle brought back a squirrel heart in a little jar. Bella thanked him again, before her and Jake went to the beach to gather the items. "Okay a rock, water, lavender, and a squirrel heart," Bella smiled, setting them down in a circle she'd drawn in the dirt, per Jake's instruction. "So, why did you wanna try this again?" Jake asked, looking at her suspiciously. "Oh you know," Bella chuckled. "For fun...and I wouldn't mind seeing the Victorian period. I'm a huge Jane Austen fan, remember?" It was a lie. She only wanted to go back about a month. "Well, I'll try saying the incantation for like a few hours first," Jake murmured. "Okay, you need to set three ingredients at three points of your body. Set the squirrel heart in front of you, the pebble to your right, and pour the water on your left side; forming a triangle." "Okay..." Bella said, shakily doing as he said. What if – by some crazy chance – this actually worked? "Hold the stalk of lavender in your hand, and after each incantation, touch it to each of the three points," Jake murmured, creasing his eyebrows. "I think...this is awfully detailed. It says you need to think of where you want to be...I suppose just think of this same spot." "Well, this is neat though," Bella smiled, ingraining a picture of Edwards and the Cullens in her mind. "What do I say?" "Uh, okay..." he cleared his throat. "Tap the water and say, 'Es poratus, withilia timus'" Bella tapped the wet dirt with the lavender. "Es poratus, withilia timus." "Good," Jake smiled, flipping page. "Okay, next tap the pebble, saying 'Enturu magitus quiten zer.'" Bella tapped the pebble, feeling somewhat idiotic now. "Enturu magitus quiten zer." "And finally, hold the lavender to the squirrel heart saying, 'Yongunas flitera shanta furr es portna mun.'" he finished, smiling at her. Bella blinked, concentrating on trying to remember. "Yongunas...flitera shanta furr es...portna...hun." "I said, 'mun.' not 'hun.' Bella," Jake said rolling his eyes, making Bella groan. Great, she messed it up and now they had to do it all over again! She looked down, feeling the lavender stalk getting warm. Her eyes widened. "Uh...Jake, its getting warm." "What?" Jake said, rolling his eyes. "Its just your imagination. Now, get up so we can try again." Bella's eyes widened as the squirrel heart burst into flames, the flames trailing up the lavender she held. "Bella! LET IT GO!" She heard Jake scream, and right at the flames went to her fingertips, she released it, and everything went black. Faintly, she could hear Jake screaming. "Edward..." she mumbled weakly, before losing consciousness. "Urgghhh..." Bella groaned, her eyes flitting around. She was laying in grass. Jake must have moved her... Holding her head, she lifted up, looking around in confusion. She was...in the middle of a field? It was afternoon, looking like it would be dark soon. That was the same time that her and Jake were together...so clearly, it hadn't sent her back a few hours. "I...what?" she looked around frantically, not having any memory of this place. Nor, did she see Jake. Slightly panicked, she looked into the distance, seeing a house there. Perhaps they had a phone she could use? Standing up, she brushed the grass off her jeans and pink tee shirt. Bella groaned, remembering that she'd said the spell wrong. Great , instead of sending her back in time, it just made her travel to the middle of nowhere. But still there was a giddiness building up inside her. If it worked...that meant that she could try it again! All she had to do was get home, from wherever she was. Then, she would say it correctly this time. She WAS going to see Edward again! Feeling elated, she started to run towards the house, her converse hitting the grass with speed. She slowed down, seeing a figure walking towards her from the house. She paused in her running, squinting her eyes to see. Unsure of herself, she hesitantly walked forward. As she got closer to the figure, the more confused she got. What were they wearing? Her eyes widened as the person came close enough for her to make out their face. "C-Carlisle?" she gasped, her mouth falling open. What...what the hell was he wearing? He looked like something straight out of a historical documentary. The gold overcoat, the stockings with pants...even the heeled black shoes. His cuffs were laced, and so was his collar. Despite him looking utterly ridiculous in those clothes, there was no mistaking the beautiful, blonde, tall male. His marble skin was as perfect as it ever was, his pale blonde hair that was swept back elegantly. The dark purple bruises were still under his eyes, and his slightly thin lips were not smiling...but formed in a straight line. "W-wha...what the hell are you wearing?" she asked, finally looking up his handsome face to see complete shock cross his features. "Excuse me, madam," he said politely, and in a British accent. He put his hand on his chest and bowing lightly. "I am afraid that I do not know you. However, it seems that you know me. Can you please inform me as to how you know my name?" Bella's mouth fell even farther open. "W-wha? Carlisle! It's me! Bella!" she exclaimed, slightly panicked. "Bella Swan...y-you don't remember me?" The logical side of her brain already knew the answer. She was back in time—she knew she was...but yet, the hysterical panic wouldn't allow her body to except it. Carlisle's eyebrows pulled down in confusion. His golden eyes holding none of the warmth that she saw in them before. Merely curiosity, and almost cold calculation. He didn't know her, and was looking at her with great suspicion. "I do not know you, madam," he repeated, his gold eyes flicking over her body. "It appears that you know me well enough to use my first name." "I – you – what year is it?!" she blurted, a sob escaping her mouth as tears streamed down her face; facing reality. "...1795 madam," he replied smoothly. "Have you suffered a fall and hit your head, perhaps?" Bella's stomach bottomed out, her mouth opening and shutting, no longer able to form coherent sentences. "I...oh...my...17...oh my GOD!" she screamed, covering her mouth and feeling light headed. She started hyperventilating, her other hand holding her chest as her eyes rolled back, consciousness leaving her. Bella groaned, feeling a cold, hard hand gently pressing into her forehead. "Ed...Edward?" she cried out weakly, reaching up and clutching the cold, hard hand with force. "Edward...Don't leave me, please..." she smiled, inhaling the sweet smell of his hand. Frowning slightly, she noticed something different. This sweet smell was somehow different than Edward's smell. This smell smelt like sweet honey. It was gentle, not the aggressive sweet smell of Edward. She felt the hand pause, before being gently pulled away. Her eyes fluttered open, and her vision was hazy. "Are you alright, miss?" Carlisle voice came, the gentleness she had came to know with his voice – gone. "Carl...Carlisle?" she said weakly as her vision cleared. She blinked, looking at the stone face of Carlisle. Her eyes traveled around, seeing that she was in an elegant sitting room. She wiggled, seeing that she was laying on a golden, Victorian couch. Her eyes widened as she took in her surroundings, including Carlisle's clothing. "What...am I going to do?" she cried,