" There." "No, that is too close." I said. Borgon looked over at me with serious brown eyes. He was tall, standing six foot three, lean with muscle, and had a square jaw. He was from Gondor he had said- his clothing and armor did look like it had a Gondor influence. His armor was rough, silver, and leather covered his wrists. The deep brown colors of his chest plate also gave away he was a Gondorian. He had brown hair, cut close to the scalp of his head and a slight beard due to our long journey. "Have you not learned the slightest thing in this profession? I thought you were supposed to be the best." He scoffed at me. I rolled my eyes. I pulled out my six inch dagger from my thigh strap. My leather boots sunk into the mud a little more as I got ready to throw. "I think you need to bite your tongue before you lose it." I threatened and kept my dagger ready. I held it by the hilt, and peered around the wooden fence we stood behind. We had entered the Bree. It was dark and a slight drizzle had begun. The place was not somewhere someone would be proud to be from. The tall disorganized built wooden houses and inns were not sturdy looking. People wandering outside in the rain with black cloaks covering their heads did not seem to be in good health. "Huh, well, I must see what you can do then from this distance." Borgon said, smirking. His thin lips tilted upwards. I brushed some of my black hair back from my face, and took aim. The man I was supposed to kill was Aragorn son of Arathorn. Strider, some called him. He was Isildur's heir, the rightful king of Gondor. As the Steward of Gondor's assassins, we were hired to kill the heir, in case he chose to come back for his crown. Needless to say, the steward was paranoid. This man wandered most of the time and did not seem to want to be king at all, nor near Gondor. In fact, he was a ranger from the North. "Watch and learn." I chided. I threw the dagger as hard as I could- and with a satisfying- "What!" I spat- as I realized the ranger had been aware of my presence. He'd deflected the dagger with his sword. He started to run towards Borgon and me. Borgon chuckled beside me. "Never trust a woman to do a man's job." He said, pulling out his sword. I just smirked, knowing what was going to happen. This… Borgon guy obviously did not know who I was. "Who are you?" The ranger asked, his blue eyes flashing dangerously, as he raised his sword at Borgon. The ranger had a black cloak on, the hood hiding most of his face- but his blue eyes definitely stood out. "Your murderers." Borgon smirked and swung at the heir of Isildur. I watched, since Borgon seemed SO confident this was a man's job. Borgon swung and missed- then Aragorn swung and pierced Borgon's body. "Ahh! Eva, help!" Borgon cried. I raised an eyebrow amused. "I thought this was a job for a man?" I questioned, pulling out another two daggers, getting ready to off the ranger myself. Borgon glared at me, as blood spilled out his mouth and he fell over-dead. I was starting to wonder why the Steward of Gondor gave me Borgon as a partner- he was the best he could find? Really? The ranger wasn't even breathing hard. "I thought the steward had said this was the best assassin in the city he could find. I am… disappointed." I stated aloud, sharing my disappointed thoughts. Aragorn watched me with curious eyes. "You are a woman…" He said in shock probably taking in my face and curves for the first time. I chuckled and kept in the shadow. "Why yes. And you, are a dead man." I smiled. Aragorn started to sheath his sword. "What are you doing, ranger?" I asked. Why was he sheathing his sword? I was going to kill him! "I will not fight a woman." He said. I stared at him. This must be a strategy of some kind. "Hm, you almost got me there. However, the time for games is over- come so you may die." I said and lunged forward. Aragorn jumped back- barely avoiding my slices. I turned and heel kicked him in the face- he flew back and landed in the muddy road. People ran from him, rather than helping him. I stepped out into the moon light. "A… steward sent you to kill me?" Aragorn panted, as he got to his feet. His hood had fallen back so I could now see all his features. He had black hair, soaked with the rain, high cheek bones, strong jaw, and wise eyes. He also had stubble. In fact, when I was closer up to him, he was actually tall, probably standing at six foot five. Which was a big disadvantage to me- I stood at five five… "Yes, as a matter of fact, the steward of Gondor." I smiled. He looked at me confused and unsure. "Why do you tell me this? It is not of assassins to reveal who sent them." Aragorn said, still not taking out his sword. I was getting annoyed with this man. He obviously never heard of me and I do not like men whom take me as a small threat. "True, yet you will die here tonight, so why not play with my target?" I said and held up my daggers, showing him I was done talking. "I will not fight you. I do not believe a woman would willingly enter this profession." Aragorn said, stubborn as ever. I rolled my eyes. "Yes well, not all of us are born princesses. Some of us-" I shook my head. Why the hell was I talking to this guy? "It matters not. Draw your sword or you will die without honor." I said, I was clad in black cotton, tunics, and leather. It helped me blend in with the night. "Nay, I will not." Aragorn persisted. I charged, "Then you shall die a coward!" I shouted. Aragorn dodged some of my stabbing charges- but could not avoid the slashing angles- his arms and sides were cut. I tried kicking him again but he caught my foot. "Interesting fighting technique. Yet you cannot use the same attack on me twice." He said as if this were a game! I glared hard at him, then smirked, and ducked down, leaning on both my hands and kicked both feet back, into his chest- sending him flying backwards again. "The slices I've made in your body are close to main arteries. You will start to feel very weary in a minute and the next time I slice- I will not miss your main arteries." I said, and wiped his blood off my leggings. Aragorn panted and looked at his wounds. "So you intentionally missed my main arteries?" Aragorn asked me. The rain picked up and no one was in the road besides us. The inns were bright with lights, and the wind howled, causing a chill to go up my spine. "I like playing with my prey." I smiled. Aragorn finally looked disgusted. "You are tainted by the shadows. I can help you." He said. I laughed. HE thought HE could help ME? What a laugh! "You really do not know who I am, do you?" I asked, amused. Aragorn nodded. "I do. You are the infamous assassin known as Eva." He said. I tilted my head confused. People usually ran in fear or looked a little more uneasy around me when they knew who I was. "You do not seem afraid." I said, finding myself more curious of this ranger than wanting to kill him. Don't get me wrong, I was definitely going to kill him. But, why rush the fun? "You do not seem like the blood thirsty assassin you claim you are." Aragorn said. I fumed. "Then I suppose I shall play with your dying body a little longer to convince you otherwise?" I said, and walked forward slowly. "I have heard, after every body found from your killings, a pendant representing the Valar is put within their hands. They are placed as if resting. I have also heard that of the men you have been assigned to kill, whom were convicted of rape, murder, and malice- you kill them slowly." Aragorn said evenly. I knew I looked surprised. How did he know all this of me? "You are not proud of your murdering ways, yet if you come across men whom have committed crimes against humanity you do not hesitate to kill. I do not see a murderer- but a confused woman with a tormented past." Aragorn said. He looked… at me with pity. "Do not look upon me with pity, ranger , I will kill you slowly!" I yelled and charged- only to find him whirl and punch me in the gut. I coughed and fell on my back. How did…? "You let your anger control your next move, thus you lost your concentration. As great an assassin you are, you will not be able to kill me." Aragorn mused. I coughed and turned on my side panting. Aragorn pulled out his sword, and aimed it at my face. "I spare you your life on one condition." Aragorn said, his eyes dark and threatening now. I gasped and coughed. He really had no problem punching me in the gut as hard as he could. "Do you give me your word you will abide by my condition?" Aragorn asked. I panted and nodded. I couldn't believe a ranger got ME in this position. My life was in this-this- man's hands. "Y-yes." I gasped, and glared up at him. Aragorn smiled. "You will be my apprentice. Never to leave my side until I say. Do you understand?" He asked. The rain hit my face and I had to squint to look up at him. "I- Your apprentice? This must be a joke." I scowled. He chuckled and sheathed his sword. "Yes. Companion if you will. I will help you regain your humanity and recover what has been lost to shadow." He said and extended his hand for me to take. I hesitated. "Self-righteous ass." I spat and stood, ignoring his hand. "Nay. I know a soul worth saving when I see one. Especially one that has as much potential as yours." He said and pulled up his hood. "I will kill you one day." I said. "Yes." He said, and just smirked. I looked back at Borgon's dead body. "You killed him." I said. "Yes. But he does not have the compassion and hesitation within his eyes that you held." He replied and led me down the slippery muddy streets. "Why exactly is it you think you can save me?" I asked, pulling my hood up as well. Aragorn walked ahead and said, "I just know. Now come." We walked in silence and I was starting to wonder if I should go back on my word and kill him as his back was to me. But that would not be a fair fight and… I was interested to see what this ranger was up to. He seemed to genuinely pity my position in life- yet I hadn't met anyone with kind motives. There are no nice people in this world. The large wooden houses and pubs we passed meshed together in one disorderly fashion until Aragorn decided to proceed into an inn named, "The Prancing Pony". "Interesting choice." I said, as we entered the warm pub/inn. Many men were inside, drinking merrily and talking loudly. Tables were pushed around the main room, and as Aragorn and I entered the foyer, a tall clerk table stood with the owner behind