/:Note:/ Hello, viewers! I'm glad you stopped in. This is my first attempt at writing my own story. I couldn't find any more stories to read, so I decided to write some myself. As I said, this will be my first attempt, so bear with me. Feel free to write nasty little comments about how much you hate it, if that makes your life feel worthwhile. In all seriousness, though, I do appreciate being critiqued, so let me know how I'm doing and how I can improve. Just so you know, this is definitely going to contain adult language (not like poop or butt) and adult situations (not like taxes and mortgages). You've been warned. This first chapter may be a bit boring, but I wanted to establish a setting. You could probably skip it and not miss much. Hopefully the next one will be up soon. Anyway, enough of my rambling. Kudos to you if you actually got this far. **Legal stuff I don't own Harry Potter JK don't read this and you'll never know yada yada yada poof done** "Attention everyone!" The voice of Professor Dumbledore rang throughout the Great Hall. "Please welcome our esteemed guest, Mr. Ran Diyader!" Dumbledore's announcement was met with applause, though not all the students seemed overly excited. A few chuckled, though the aged man was unsure why. Some were clapping wildly, practically bouncing in their seats with excitement, and others seemed anxious. A few even seemed dazed, as if they couldn't believe that this was actually happening. Among this group was the Fifth Year Harry Potter. "I know some of you are still a bit uneasy about what's to come," Dumbledore continued. Some of the staff looked around sympathetically. "But this is for the best. A lot has changed in a short amount of time, and because of this we need to change as well. If we cannot adapt to the changing of the world, we will soon be lost." The man introduced as Ran Diyader tapped Dumbledore on the shoulder, and the two conversed momentarily. When they were finished, Dumbledore smiled and backed up a pace. Diyader then moved up to face the student body. "First off, let me say that I am glad to finally meet you all. You look like a smart, healthy bunch, which is good." Diyader's voice was calming, but one listening carefully could detect something deeper, as if the man were actually appraising the children. "We at the Ministry of Magic know that our recent actions have distressed many. However, if we don't act at all, the future will be much more distressing. There is nothing right now you or I can to change the laws that have been put into place. However, you don't have to think about this as something bad. Think of the future we can build together if all goes well. Think of how you'll all be remembered. Your descendents will remember your generation as the one that saved us all. Plus, I have a feeling you'll all enjoy the process saving our kind quite thoroughly." Diyader paused for a second to clear his throat and then looked around at the students. He smiled reassuringly before continuing. "The Ministry has sent me here to aid the process of making its recent laws and mandates a reality. But please don't think of me as some bureaucrat or overseer. I'm here to help you all through this. To guide you. To help you. Think of me as the parent who throws his child out the window the get him to use accidental magic". When Diyader saw his statement had not reassured the Muggle-borns or really even anyone, he added, "or...maybe as a father bird pushing a hatchling out of the nest so it can learn to fly." That seemed to bring out slightly better reactions. "Anyway, my assistants and I will be meeting with all of you in the near future to discuss your standings and future. Meeting schedules have been posted in all of your common rooms and in the classrooms. I hope to get to know you all better very soon. Good day." With that, Ran Diyader briskly walked out of the Great Hall. The students were left to warily look around at each other and wonder what the next few days would bring. Harry Potter walked out of the Gryffindor Common Room feeling more nervous than he had in a long time. Sometimes he missed the simplicity of life when Voldemort had still been around. He'd been in more danger, but at least he'd known what was going on. His name was the Boy-Who-Lived. Voldemort killed Harry's mother and father. Voldemort had better prepare to die. Besides the occasional extremely dangerous activity, life had been somewhat normal. Now Voldemort was gone, and things had changed dramatically. It had all started when Harry and Cedric had been transported to the graveyard. Cedric had been killed almost instantly, and the traitorous Peter Pettigrew had captured Harry. Harry had been tied up in order to be used in some arcane ritual that would give Voldemort his body back. Harry's blood, Peter's hand, and Tom Riddle Sr.'s bone had all been used. Voldemort's big mistake, though, had been to trust Pettigrew to brew such a complex potion and conduct such a complicated ritual. (The Potions Master of Peter's day, when speaking in private with the staff, had claimed that if he didn't know better he'd say Pettigrew was trying to get himself blown up.) Voldemort returned, but he didn't stay for long. When the baby Dark Lord had been placed in the cauldron, it started to scream. Harry was still haunted at night by those screams, which were more primal and agonizing than anything he'd ever heard, even Dudley's whining. A figure, dark red and impossibly skinny, had soon emerged from the cauldron. It never stopped screaming throughout. The creature had brought a finger to its left arm, and suddenly it exploded in a cloud of red mist. The mist rushed past Harry and Pettigrew. Though shaken, the mist hadn't damaged Harry at all. Wormtail was another matter. He started writhing on the ground in agony, and his left arm started spewing out the same mist that had exploded from Voldemort. The mist enveloped Pettigrew for a few seconds before slowly going back into its arm. Then he exploded too. Pettigrew was dead. It took Harry almost an hour to free himself and return to the Triwizard Cup. When he returned, everything had changed. Apparently, Voldemort and Pettigrew had accidentally created a mutated, magical plague. The initial mist wouldn't have caused too much damage, possibly reaching a few miles away before dissipating. However, when Voldemort had tried to use the Dark Mark, the magical connection it operated through became contaminated. The plague was sent throughout the world, resisting any attempts to stop it or cure it. Dark and Light magical folk alike were infected until every single adult witch or wizard was contaminated. The symptoms for most were not quite so severe as had been Pettigrew's and Voldemort's. Those two had received enormous levels of the disease, and it had been too much for their bodies to handle. The direct connection to Voldemort and Pettigrew killed all other Marked Death Eaters as well. Around fifty percent of the wizarding community perished somewhat less dramatically after succumbing to disease. All the other adult witches and wizards survived, thankfully. Interestingly, no underage witches or wizards at Hogwarts were infected. The only staff members to die were ones who had been Marked. Many years later, historians and specialists would argue over the cause. Some attributed the immunity to the use of Harry's blood in the ritual, which protected Harry's one true home from being destroyed. Others hypothesized that the castle itself, and the many wards and old magics within it, had protected the students. Everyone agreed that, whatever the cause, this phenomenon had saved the magical world. Soon, though, the disease left as suddenly as it had come, and after a mere two months since Voldemort's attempted return, everyone was ready to get back to normal. Then a discovery was made. It seemed that the plague's symptoms had not been limited to boils, uncontrollable projectile vomiting, and a red mist that enveloped the infected and smelled like sulfur. The wizarding world soon found that all witches and wizards who had been infected were left completely and incurably infertile. The Ministry of Magic used every available resource to try and fix the problem. All research resources previously used to find a cure were put toward trying to figure out how to keep the magical population in existence. It was only when Hogwarts letters started going out (the school's students and remaining staff back in reasonable condition) that a few researchers realized the obvious truth that no one else had even considered. Every Hogwarts student was perfectly healthy. No other school had escaped the plague so completely. Something about Hogwarts kept had kept the plague in check. Hogwarts was the perfect place, it seemed, to bring to magical population back into sustainable numbers. On August 15, the Ministry of Magic released one of the most controversial sets of laws in wizard history. The law ranked students according to their lineage and desired genetic traits. Students with higher rankings would get more privileges since they had the most use. If two students matched well enough genetics and lineage wise, they would be paired up and declared legally emancipated and married. All students would be expected to produce at least one child before a certain deadline. When they saw the law, parents were outraged and tried to fight the law any way they could. However, they all began to realize that this would be the only way to keep the magical world in existence. Reluctantly, parents had sent their children off to Hogwarts on September 1, knowing that the children who returned to them would be much different than the ones they waved goodbye to as the Hogwarts Express left the station. Students and parents alike were very nervous, knowing that the lives of every student would soon be much different. Harry opened the door of the office he had been instructed to go to and was surprised to find Ran Diyader himself sitting inside. "Ah! Harry! I'm so glad we could finally meet. Please sit down." The office was well furnished and Harry sat down in a nice, gooshy chair that was even more comfortable than it looked. Harry was a bit confused with Diyader's presence and the quality of the room. Ron had said all his meeting consisted of was a note card-reading assistant and a cold, stone bench. He was about to ask Diyader, but the man interrupted before Harry could voice the question. "No doubt you're wondering why this meeting seems so pleasant," the man remarked gleefully. Harry nodded, and the man continued. "You see, I'm happy to tell you that you, out of all male students currently eligible, you have received the highest rank! Congradulations!" Harry was floored. He hadn't expected this. "S-sir? What do you mean?" "What I mean is, my dear boy, that you are the best candidate that we have to repopulate the magical world!" Diyader was beaming, clearly pleased that he was the one to tell Harry this news. "But...but I'm a Half-Blood! My mom was Muggle-born. How I could I have beaten Ron, Neville, or even Malfoy?" Ran Diyader chuckled. "Oh, Harry. The ranking process isn't nearly so simple as blood status. In fact, blood status almost seems to hurt someone's ranking, though there are a few exceptions. Namely the second-ranked male. We based ranks on, among other things, magical potency, physical health and ability, magical and viral resilience, and character. A lot of the purebloods here can barely cast a decent spell,most of the time because they just don't have the willpower or the care to. They accept mediocrity. We don't