Reyna Avila Ramirez-Arellano had long ago accepted the fact that she was probably going to die alone. Yes , she knew that everyone was supposed to have a soulmate, but that didn't always happen. For one, some people were aromantic. Their soulmates tended to be lifelong best friends, two people that were perfect for each other, platonically. Other's just didn't like their soulmate, as weird as that sounded. Sometimes, soulmates just didn't work out. And she could not find hers. It's not like she hadn't waited. Apparently soulmates had the same handwriting, down to the T. At some point in your life, you would find your soulmate based on their handwriting or something. Authorities tried helping things along, seeing similar handwritings on forms, setting those people up, that sort of thing. Okay, so maybe she was overreacting a little bit. It wasn't completely hopeless. She was only in her senior year of high school, so she still had some time before she got to college. Reyna walked to her first class, English, and plopped down on her chair. Their teacher hadn't assigned them their own specific seats, it was more of an unspoken code that someone had their own seat and no one sat in them. Reyna had chosen her spot specifically because of the empty desk on both sides of her. Of course, Percy Jackson had come sometime in October so now only one of the desks were empty, but that was enough. Apparently, some guy thought it was a good idea to move to the new school during March and ruin Reyna's entire dynamic. He walked in with his blonde hair and piercing blue eyes behind thick black frames and all Reyna could do was scowl because she knew people like him. Optimists who had known their soulmates since kindergarten and had hosts of friends. Another example of one of these people was the one and only Perseus Jackson, who was currently texting his amazingly smart girlfriend, Annabeth Chase, under the desk. "Rey," Percy singsonged. "Yes, Percy?" She asked. "Look at the new guy," he said, discreetly pointing. "Hot, right?" "Percy, are you trying to come out as bisexual because I can't help you there-" " No , Rey, I meant, would you possibly be interested in dating him?" "Percy, we're supposed to date our soulmates ." "That's what I mean! Maybe he's your soulmate! I mean, he looks like your type. Tall, blonde -That's what one thing you and Nico have in common-" "Okay, first of all, you better not let Nico hear you saying that. He'll murder you in your sleep. Second of all, I do not have a type." "Sure you do! Blonde, tall, and-" "Taken," Reyna interrupted. "My type tends to be tall, blonde, and taken . Have you seen that guy, Percy? Someone like that is not single . He probably has a perfect, beautiful soulmate who he's known his whole life and he's probably a hopeless optimist and I can't deal with that right now ." "So you admit you have a type!" Percy crowed. He didn't seem stuck on anything else Reyna had said, which annoyed her to no end. "Did you not pay attention to anything I said?" Reyna asked, exasperatedly. "Honestly, Percy-" "Reyna, I've been looking at the guy from the minute he's stepped into this classroom-" "This isn't helping with your "I'm not bisexual" case, by the way-" " I'm not bisexual , not that there's anything wrong with that- And I swear to all the gods, Reyna, he's been staring at you the entire time." "He has?" Reyna's cheeks felt warm. She ignored them. "No he hasn't." Percy gently turned her chin towards the new guy. " Yes. He. Has. And now he looks disappointed because he probably thinks I'm your boyfriend. Jesus Christ, Reyna, he could be the one ." "Percy, we look like complete opposites." "No, you're not. Will and Nico are complete opposites and they're just about the cutest couple ever, as well as the most badass power couple I've ever seen." "Percy-" "Look, Reyna, I want you to be happy. And this guy, he might help you be that. You've done so much for everyone else… Don't you think it's time you do something for you?" Reyna shook her head slowly. "Perseus Jackson… What is anyone ever going to do with you?" "Um… Is that a compliment?" Reyna shook her head again, laughing. It wasn't a "No" shake, it was more of a "I can't believe you, oh my gods" kind of shake. Their group of friends tended to swear using the Greek gods instead of the singular God, even though Jesus Christ and God tended to come up sometimes when they didn't feel like going In the name of Bellona, Leo Valdez, what the actual Hades were you thinking? It had started with their parents reading them Greek and Roman mythology, since most of them were at least partly Greek or Latin. Then it was them noticing that many of their parents actually had names remarkably close to the Greek and Roman gods. (Percy's dad's real name was Preston, but he went by Poseidon in the boating industry, Nico's father was named Hayden but he went by Hades in the funeral business, and Nico's stepmother was actually named Persephone.) Then Reyna joined their group and her mom's name was literally Bellona and then people told them to "stop taking the Lord's name in vain" and swearing with Greek and Roman gods was invented. "But seriously, Reyna-" "Class is starting, Percy," Reyna interrupted. She knew she was probably being unfair and that poor Percy was only trying to help but she really didn't feel like a relationship right now. Why couldn't her friends understand that? "Thanks for trying to help," she whispered to him, feeling bad. He flashed her a quick smile. "No problem. That's what friends do, Reyna." She smiled back. "Still. Thanks." And that was that. Elaine Rogers, a forty-something-year-old with thinning brown hair and blue-grey eyes, clapped her hands for attention. "Listen up, kids, we've got a new student. This is Jason Grace," she said, motioning to the teen standing beside her. "Jason, would you like to tell us something about yourself?" "Um…" His voice was deep and comforting and Reyna frowned, mentally slapping herself. Snap out of, Rey. For nothing else, do not prove Percy right. He'll never let you hear the end of it. His voice brought her out of her thoughts and back to reality. "So… Um… I like football-" How stereotypical can you get? Reyna wondered as some of the girl sighed dreamily. " Football, Casey, he plays football , oh my god and did you see those biceps?" She heard someone whisper. Reyna wrinkled her nose. "My favourite subject is Physics-" Reyna blinked. Well, that was surprising. "And I play the violin." She tilted her head. Well then, maybe Jason Grace was different. Percy seemed to read her mind and shot her a taunting grin. Reyna stomped on his foot. Apparently, Jason had seen it, because he choked on a laugh and Mrs Rogers turned to him worriedly. "Are you okay, Jason?" "Just fine, Mrs Rogers," he said, grinning. " Did you see those teeth, oh my god, they are so white." Reyna annoyedly mouthed the words to Percy who snorted, drawing the classes attention to them, which happened a lot, now that Reyna thought about it. "Percy, are you okay?" "I'm fine, Mrs Rogers," Percy replied, a hint of a laugh still in his voice. Reyna was chuckling quietly and Percy shot her a playful glare. I'll get you for that. Reyna smirked, raising an eyebrow. I'd like to see you try. "Mrs Rogers, Jason can sit in the seat beside Reyna," Percy called out suddenly. Reyna's head turned towards him so fast she probably got whiplash. Someone snickered. "Perseus Jackson, don't you dare-" "Mrs Rogers, I'm sure you'll agree with me when I say that that girl needs some more human contact. I just worry for her, sitting beside an empty desk. I've got good old Jake beside me but who's beside Reyna? I really do think it would be in everyone's best interest to just put Jason next to Reyna." Their teachers eyes twinkled. "You know what, Percy, I do think you're on to something." "Really, Mrs Rogers, I can sit on my own, it's no trouble, really-" Reyna tried desperately. "It's quite alright, Reyna," Elaine cut her off kindly but firmly. "Jason, please go sit beside Reyna." Jason nodded and sat down right beside Reyna and as they carried on with the lesson all Reyna could think was Perseus Jackson I am going to kill you. "I will get you for that," she whispered. Percy looked at her smugly. "Reyna, it's not like you can hide my homework or anything." "It's probably at home in some huge pile that you've procrastinated on and is slowly collecting dust," Reyna reasoned. "Hey, I'm going to finish it today," Percy cried. "I'll have just enough time-" "Mrs Rogers, Percy really wanted to show Jason around the school today. He said his homeworks finished and ready to go and that he really does want to show Jason around," Reyna suddenly called, an innocent smile on her face. Now it was Percy's turn to whip his head around so fast he probably got whiplash and stare at Reyna in horror. "Reyna, you know I can't-" "Oh, but Mr Jackson," Reyna simpered, smiling coyly, "It's simple really." Her smile disappeared. "You mess with the bull, you get the horns." The whole class snickered and Percy pouted. "I really hate you, you know that?" "I know, Percy, I know." " Jackson, just kiss your girlfriend already ," someone shouted from the back at the classroom. "She's not my girlfriend!" Percy yelled back, glaring. "I already have a girlfriend!" If Reyna hadn't had any common sense, she might have mistaken that look on Jason's face for relief. But that was stupid. "You know, Annabeth Chase, gorgeous, scarily smart, and will gut you if she hears anything about me being Percy's girlfriend!?" Reyna added. The guy from the back shut up. "Thanks again for showing me around, man," Jason said, as he and Percy passed another row of lockers. "No problem, man," Percy replied. "Do you not like me or something?" Jason asked after passing the library. Percy's explanation had been pretty rough. "No, I like you…" Percy started slowly. "It's just that I'm wondering whether you like someone and if that someone likes you back." "I'm sorry, what?" Jason blinked. "Alright, let's start again," Percy suggested. He put out his hand. "My name is Perseus Jackson, but people only call me that when they're mad at me. I prefer going my Percy. My favourite things to do are swim, hang out with friends, and eat. My favourite subject is Biology and I am not musical. Like, at all ." "Jason Grace, but you already know that," Jason introduced, grasping Percy's hand and turning it into a bro-hug. "Are you single?" Percy asked. "Um… No," Jason told him, confusedly. "I like you, Jason," Percy grinned, nodding. "Sorry, dude, but I don't swing that way…" Jason muttered awkwardly. Percy's eyes opened wide. "What? No! Why does everyone keep assuming I'm bisexual?!" He huffed. "I don't like you that way. But you know who might?" "Who?" Jason asked warily. "Not telling you," Percy sing-songed as the passed the Art classroom. "By the way, bro, what's your type?" He grumbled something that sounded a lot like, " I already know Nico's." There was a coy look in Percy's look as he gazed at Jason expectantly. Jason coughed. "I guess… I guess I like girls who stand up for themselves and speak their mind? Um… Sort of serious but also fun when they let loose." "Hm…" Percy hummed, nodding slowly to everything Jason said. "So, what do you think of Reyna?" "What?!" Jason spluttered.