He knows who he is. His name is Lucas Clarke. He is twenty-years-old. He has blonde hair and blue eyes. He is the son of Marianne and Henry Clarke. His hobbies include running, travelling, and clutching his head. A lot of clutching his head. " Hey, Houdini. You okay?" He looks up and tries for a smile. " Yeah. I'm… Fine." She raises an eyebrow. " You're clutching your head and cursing the gods. I don't think you're 'fine.'" He chuckles grimly. Only she is like this, calling him out for being too angsty. " No, I'm serious. I might have been… annoyed, before, but… I'm fine now." She smirks. " Good. I'm not travelling with an emo." He smirks back. " Takes one to know one." She whacks him with a tree branch for that. Sometimes, he wonders if his… condition is like cramps. The way they sneak up on him unexpectedly. It happens during a lecture, once. His teacher mentions something about a book series, Percy Jackson and the Olympians, and his head hits the table with a dull thud. Everyone turns to look at him with expressions of concern and Wow-What-A-Loser on their faces, but all he can hear is one name, pounding his head. Percy Jackson The green-eyed kid preteen trudges back towards him, a scowl on his face. " Holy… Why aren't those girls in the Olympics?" " Cheer up, Percy," he says, grinning. "It gets easier." The newbie huffs. "Easy for you to say. You haven't just learned that you're slower than a tree." After that episode, people start giving him weird looks in the hallways. His English teacher never mentions anything about Percy Jackson anymore. He strides through the corridors of the Princess Andromeda and heads out onto the deck. There are a few mortals still there, and a bitter smile spreads across his face. Oh, mortals. So blissfully ignorant of the world around them. After a moment of looking out onto the ocean, he sighs, -a great, heaving sound- and heads for what he has been putting off. . . . When he comes back with nothing different except for his eyes -cold, sharp, and gold -, the monsters and demigods on his side look at him differently. There is still the deference and respect as before but now it seems… different. More… confident. Certain. (A few demigods meet his gaze with a new sense of loyalty in their eyes.) He is their leader. They know that now. One of his worst… visions -?- happens at a library. A few of the teens who go to his school are scattered around the place, studying for some test. He passes a few of the shelves when he notices the face of a girl on the newspaper. YOUNG ASPIRING ARCHITECT HELPS DESIGN NEW ATTRACTION The letters are jumbled from then (he has dyslexia) but he isn't paying attention to them. His eyes are fixed on the face of the girl in the picture. She has honey blonde princess curls and stormy grey eyes that are shining with happiness. Her tan skin gleams in the sunlight, and she is wearing a denim jacket with an orange shirt underneath. Her name is in small black letters and he guesses that she's about seventeen. He doesn't read any of that. All he knows is that he's seen this girl before, talked with her before, he knows this girl. A name appears in his head and he tangles his fingers into his blonde hair and collapses. People look at him with expressions of alarm and Oh-Look-It's-That-Weirdo-Lucas-What's-His-Face-Again on their faces. He ignores them all. The only thing he doesn't ignore? The name thundering in his head. Annabeth Chase " Hey, hey, hey." He gently grabs her small hands away from her hair. "Don't do that. It'll ruin your pretty hair." She scowls up at him, her bottom lip sticking out in a faint pout and speaks in a clear, childish tone. " I am not defined by the appearance of my hair." He laughs. "Of course not, Annabeth. I'm just saying that you probably don't want to yank out all of your hair, right?" She shakes her head. " Nope. This is one thing that… Helen ," she speaks the name with disgust, "Doesn't have." He smiles grimly. A seven-year-old shouldn't have to deal with all this crap. " But-" She tugs on the bottom of his shirt and he looks down at her. Annabeth's eyebrows are scrunched and her nose is wrinkled. He wonders how anyone could ever hurt that face. " Yeah, Beth?" She wrinkles her nose even more at the nickname but doesn't comment. (He's about to die from the adorableness.) " Why do you do it?" He looks down at her, suddenly high alert. Their other travelling companion would kill him if he started giving Annabeth bad habits. " Do what?" " Clutch your head," she replies as if it should be obvious. " I…" His voice trails off. He can't find a good enough reason, and the little blonde genius knows it. " Um… It's grown up stuff, Annie," he said, gently. She glares at him. " That's what Daddy said-" he winces at the use of past tense as if Frederick Chase is dead, "-When Helen-" there's the disgust again, "Used to yell to him about me and I asked him about it." " Yeah, well… This is a different kind of grown up stuff. One day you'll know why I do it." She looks annoyed but accepts the answer. He catches her attention with his next words. " Hey, Annabeth?" " Yes?" " Promise me you won't." " Won't what?" " Yank your hair." He doesn't give a reason, but she nods like she understands. She probably does. He swears that girl is going to change the world someday. " Promise." (Somewhere there is a blonde-haired, grey-eyed daughter of Athena out there who never yanks her hair. She kept her promise. He didn't.) By now, he's as crazy as the weird old guy who chews on his own sock (while his foot is still in it) on the subway. People walk past him whispering- " That's Lucas Clarke, the guy that bangs his heads on tables and screams in the middle of libraries." " Does he have a psychologist?" " Don't know, but he should. The guy's-" " Ohmygod, shut up, he's right there, what is wrong with you-" Then they'll notice him. He'll fake a smile and wave at him, and they'll wave back, smiling with closed lips to hide their clenched teeth. " He's kinda hot, though." " Yeah, I know but he's senile , remember? Banging his head onto tables, collapsing in libraries?" " Yeah, yeah." He'll grit his teeth and act like it doesn't bother him, but there's a reason that there are fist-sized indentations in the walls of the closet in his room. After that quest, mortals turn away from him quickly. It hurts a little, knowing that without that scar they would probably let their eyes linger on his -okay, fine, handsome- features like they used to. But the scar is there, jagged and ugly, and now the people flush bright red when he catches them staring. They don't come talk to him anymore, though. No, they turn and walk away. Just another reason that makes him hate the gods. It only gets worse from there, though he becomes better at controlling it. He goes to a petting zoo once and there is some guy dressed up as a goat. He sits down on the grass and leans back against the sturdy trunk of a tree, massaging his temples. " What the…" He can stop staring at the guy's legs. From the waist up, he looks pretty normal, with curly brown hair, brown eyes, a rasta cap, and lots of acne. But his legs. They are furry, and he has goddamn hooves , and he bets that if the half-goat took of his rasta cap, there would be small horns poking out of his chestnut curls. The satyr puts his hand out. " Grover Underwood." He shakes it. The absolute worst one hits him in the middle of a forest. Originally, he had just gone there for a run, to get away from the fake smiles and the whispered conversations. That's when everything changes. He looks up at the night sky and the first thing he sees is the moon. (That's sign number one.) He winces at the sight of the moon and the next thing his eyes settle on is a pine tree. (That's sign number two.) Shaking his head, he continues running, when he comes across a deer print. (That's sign number three.) And it's all he needs. A kaleidoscope of memories floods his mind. " So, how does this work?" He asks, jutting his chin towards Amaltheia, the goat version of a drink vending machine. "Do you, like, feed her a dollar and get a free squirt of Mountain Dew? Is that how it works?" She punches him. " What was that for?" He cries. " For being stupid." She doesn't give any more reasons and he doesn't ask for any more. " Really? A golf club ?" She raises her eyebrow and, even though he knows that she's mocking him, he smiles back. " Hey," a shrug, "desperate times call for desperate measures." " Was the monster a golfer…?" " Oh, shut up." She laughs, and somehow, that makes his idiocy worth it. He doesn't know how to braid hair and neither does Thalia, so when Annabeth comes up to him with a tie in one hand and a brush in the other, he has no idea what he's doing. She winces when he brushes too hard and he winces at a number of tangles. (He doesn't even want to know where she got the tie and brush.) Eventually, he gives up and just gives her a nice ponytail. She giggles and runs off, ready for bed. He stares at the stars and soon enough, Thalia joins him. " Annabeth really likes you, you know," she says quietly. "She loves the ponytail." " Did she tell you that she wanted a braid in the first place?" He asks dryly. Thalia chuckles and puts an arm around his shoulders. He returns the favour, and they stare at the stars together. " You know," she says after a minute, "Beth says that she actually likes ponytails better. Especially when you do them." He doesn't say anything, but a smile curls at the corners of his lips. Thalia sees this and squeezes him a little tighter. He smiles. Sometimes, he wonders if he would taste good. He's not wondering about that right now, but the dracenae who they've stumbled upon probably are. Thalia fights one and he fights the other, while Annabeth shouts out moves. They follow her instructions (with a little bit of improv) and the two dracenae are finished off. Later, when Annabeth is asleep, Thalia recounts it. " Thanks, by the way," she whispers, surprising him. Thalia has next to no manners, but here she is thanking him. " For what?" He asks. " For having my back." She smiles at him, her eyes twinkling, and he's at a loss for words. He decides to kiss her instead. After a while, they pull back, resting their foreheads against each others. " Luke Castellan, I think I like you," Thalia declares, grinning all the while. " Thalia Grace, I think I like you too," he replies, grinning back. Grover Underwood Percy Jackson Annabeth Chase Thalia Grace Luke Castellan He knows what the visions are now. They're flashbacks. Luke (he prefers it over Lucas) has become obsessed with finding them. Grover, Percy, Annabeth, and Thalia. Definitely Thalia. He remembers Camp Half-Blood, but he can't remember where it's located. As a last resort, he asks his English and Media professor about the Percy Jackson books.