Disclaimer : I do not own nor make profit off of Twilight . It belongs to Stephenie Meyer and Summit Entertainment, etc. A/N : I don't see this as changing Stephenie Meyer's canon storyline really, so I wouldn't call it AU, per se. The events might conflict with a few minor plot details from SM's universe, such as Charlie's house-arrest of Bella, which I totally forgot about when I started this series. Whoops! Characters may be a touch OOC at times. This is the sequel to Damages I: Carlisle . To understand this story, please read that first. Also, please read the companion story Intangible Sentiment . Chapter 1: Ridiculous For a seemingly average, everyday human being, I certainly had my fair share of odd situations that I'd been forced to face. Enough to display a rather alarming tendency towards fatality and impending doom, at least. After a four-day period teeming with emotional roller coasters, domestic near-misses, and inter-species squabbling, it seemed life was trying to prove that point to me very forcefully. Yet, when I headed out the door with Alice after having a very slow, sleepy, and uninteresting Wednesday morning, commonplace seemed the word of the day. Well, aside from the fact I walked beside a girl who could see the future and was one of a family of seven 'vegetarian' vampires, that is. In the back of my mind, I acknowledged the good luck I'd been graced with. How many slow and uninteresting mornings did I have on a daily basis, after all? Oh, but how rapidly my luck could change. When we tried to get the windows of my Chevy down, they got stuck somewhere at half-mast and Alice gave up trying to pull them back without shattering them. Sensing that I would have to break them to even get them out, and then obviously I would have to get them replaced, I warned Alice not to buy them for me. I still had money left in my tiny 'college fund' and I wasn't about to accept any more gifts from her. Maybe she listened, maybe she didn't, but the threat was there at least. Upon arriving at the high school, we found that almost everyone arrived early for some ungodly reason. That left fewer parking spaces and frustratingly rude drivers in their little cars who kept cutting me off to get better places. Luckily I was not one to get very angry in return and wouldn't ram into them (not intentionally), but I couldn't fathom why they were willing to cut in front of a monster truck with a solid, come-and-get-me-if-you-dare frame. Edward might have done that if he was of a mind to, but it would be in a teasing way that would probably make me laugh in the end. And I knew he would never do that without ensuring that an adjoining space was free. To make the morning worse, Alice and I became stuck behind Tyler Crowley, who was trying unsuccessfully to park his vehicle in a spot partially taken up by another car; one over the line enough to cause a parking problem. It was one of the last spots available, aside from three free spaces that were then behind us, and another spot further ahead (that was the one I currently aimed for). Tyler certainly wasn't vying for the last place; it was the spot beside the silver Volvo, Edward and Jasper leaning up against it holding a conversation. The honey-blond vampire mentioned something his bronze-haired brother would have heard in his mind a second before he said it. Edward said something with a look of interest, tilting his head so minutely towards Ben and Angela, who walked past a moment later, that no one would have seen it. Ben stopped tentatively to offer a word or two, to which Edward seemed to smile almost imperceptibly (or at least to Ben's thoughts). Angela looked very encouraging, though quite hesitant herself. Then she glanced towards where Alice and I still sat, growing more impatient as Tyler persisted in conquering the trouble-spot he'd found, and waved at us. She eyed the Sentra with a raised brow, before turning back to Ben, Edward, and Jasper. Ben actually made more than a brief remark or two with the two brothers, as his renewed energy proved. The three of them seemed to be any normal group of teenage boys, discussing the latest homework they'd been assigned. Even Jasper seemed more talkative than usual with whatever Ben was saying, which of course made me wonder just how much help the southern vampire gave the human boy in the courage department. "Does Tyler think his stupidity is attractive or was he just born slow?" Alice suddenly asked through a scowl, rhythmically tapping her nails on the seat between us at a loud, inhuman pace. Until I saw through my own eyes she was moving her fingers, I almost thought the sound was from a malfunctioning mixer… or more alarmingly, maybe my truck finally breaking down. It would be just my luck. At any rate, seeing as I would bet on a mixture of both Tyler theories, it didn't seem likely my answer would satisfy Alice, but I decided to answer for lack of better conversation. The night before, we talked quite a while about our plans for the coming days and pretty much exhausted our disappointingly small list of ideas. Even during the few hours I slept, Alice hadn't thought of anything new. Today, we didn't have any better luck. Theories about Tyler Crowley's lack of mental aptitude were, sadly, about the limit of our talking points right about then. "Maybe both have some merit," I said absently. With a sigh of irritation, I spied Lauren arriving on the scene and leaning against the hood of the car in front of the spot Tyler aimed for. She encouraged his idiocy with alternating usage of giggles, coy smiles, waving in false shyness, and a come-hither look that was practically indecent for everyday use. I knew she liked him, but really ? Was it necessary to stoop this low for the attention of a guy who clearly couldn't even park for himself? And it was really working beautifully, I admitted to myself with some disgust. Tyler looked so gratified at her attention he even stopped trying to realign his car to fit the parking space. He simply stopped, less than halfway into the spot and completely blocking my passage, so Lauren could move to his window and talk to him with the same sickly false gestures. "Although," I commented abruptly through gritted teeth, "theory number one seems the more likely of the two." At least half the students in the parking lot now stared, pointed, and snickered. A rare few outright mocked the exchange, though Tyler and Lauren could not see that from where they were. By this point I turned almost burgundy from embarrassment and Alice ground her teeth quite audibly. A guy sitting in his still-running green Oldsmobile looked up startled and worried at the latter; he seemed to think his car caused the gritty metallic scraping noise. I was fairly itching to knock some sense of reality into Tyler's thick skull. I settled for tapping my left foot impatiently against the floor of the truck rather than egging on my violent side. "They're going to make us late if they continue these ridiculous shenanigans," my best friend remarked darkly and more assuredly than I was happy with. Checking the clock questioningly, I felt dismay wash over me; we only had about twenty minutes before first period. Tyler and Lauren didn't seem to care and at this rate, Alice was going to end up right; we would definitely not be on time for class. As if in answer to this thought, my tiny psychic friend leveled a glare at Tyler through his back window. If he'd been looking, I doubted he would have continued his parking excursion; his life was probably much more valuable to him. I didn't feel much kinder than Alice now, considering our potential tardiness. And whatever the outcome of that tardiness was, Edward's visionary sister didn't look at all pleased about it. The idea of giving Tyler a good, solid thwack on the back of his head felt much more viable now. In fact, I unthinkingly began to plan it out in my mind. I could just stroll by in the cafeteria or the hallway and… whack! It would be easy and I highly doubted anyone would believe such a stunt from me , of all people. Besides, no one else looked all that pleased by the scene either, especially the two cars behind us; they weren't likely to tell if they saw me do it. A shock of laughter, both a muted one from Edward several spaces down the lot and one from Alice, made me jump and turn to stare in bewilderment. "What?" I asked dumbly. Down the way a bit, I noticed Ben and Angela looking a little strangely at Edward, as well. "You…" Alice was shaking from her laughing fit, "Tyler… In the cafeteria." My cheeks headed straight back to burgundy without pausing to even consider pink first. Somehow, I forgot about Alice seeing my plan. "Hey, wait!" I responded in an anxious whisper. It just struck me that Edward saw that vision, too. "You're not blocking Edward." The pixielike vampire abruptly stopped laughing. "Yes, I am," she whispered urgently back. "I just allowed him to see that particular one. It's not easy, but it's not impossible to do." "Why that one, though?" "He was getting a little lost in his thoughts, a little too dark," she confessed tightly. "I thought it would brighten his outlook." "Oh," I breathed a sigh of relief. Not a second later, Alice just couldn't bottle up her sarcasm. "Maybe you should have totaled Tyler's Sentra last year." "Maybe I will this year." I agreed with an annoyed sigh and an equally vivid, if less effective, glare at Tyler. "You won't," Alice rolled her eyes at me, but the gesture was strangely affectionate. "You'll feel guilty the moment you start planning it. I know you." "Maybe," I stubbornly refuted her assumption, "but I can imagine it, can't I? And I did plan to hit him today, didn't I?" "Oh, fine," she rolled her eyes a second time. Edward said something quiet to Angela and Ben suddenly, and then with a parting pat on Jasper's shoulder, headed over to us. I shared a vague grin with my spiky-haired best friend when Ben enthusiastically picked right back up with whatever he was saying to Jasper. Edward did not come directly to my old Chevy, as I had assumed he would. Instead, with a sly wink in my direction, he walked casually up to the Sentra with a friendly smile and a low wave for our two schoolmates. Lauren looked like Christmas had come early and Tyler was near enough to glaring that I could have laughed. Alice already started giggling at whatever her brother had planned, so I settled in for a little show. "Hello, Lauren, Tyler," I heard Edward say in that alluring velvet voice of his. "Lovely morning, don't you think? I've heard there's even going to be a sliver of sunshine this afternoon. Too bad we won't be spending any time in it." As I had expected, he oozed out charm from head to toe, even when he talked about the mundane and predictable weather of Forks. Tyler looked a little less resentful of the intrusion now that Edward pulled out all the stops on his vampire charm. I was amused and annoyed in equal measure when I noted he exhaled rather near to Lauren, close enough to keep her partially dazed from the scent of his breath. "Y-yes, too bad we… won't be… spending time." Lauren's face was stark, a bit slack, but there was an edge of meaning in her gaze