Okay, so my plan was to have this out to you guys a few days ago, but that didn't happen. I attempted to post it through the iPhone app as I had lost my laptop charger, but that was a mess. So I finally bought a new charger and will now be able to use my laptop to update my stories! I would have posted last night, however I went to my friend's house and let's just say my head is pounding. So, here is my newest story The Power is Up for Grabs! Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or Big Brother I stood on stage, situated on a set of steps, with a Julie Chen not far from my grasp and a live audience watching my every move. To say that my nerves were going haywire was an understatement. I was joined by seven other people, all of us waiting to compete for a chance to win five-hundred thousand dollars. To my left was a blond bombshell and next to her was a woman with wild, fiery red hair. To my right was girl who was bouncing up and down with energy and I could only describe her appearance as pixie like. Behind her stood a man with a rather round, boyish looking face and overly gelled spiked hair. Next to him and behind me was another reason for my haywire nerves. I had only been able to catch a small glimpse of him, but I was able to tell that the man behind me was absolutely gorgeous. Beside the god was a man who reminded of the hulk due to his massive size. Finally, there was an Asian man beside him with hair that reached his shoulders. Julie Chen began to speak, "Hello fans and hello houseguests. Welcome to Big Brother 18. This season we bring back an old twist and introduce some new twists. We will watch as our houseguests compete to win the half a million dollar grand prize, make some enemies, some friends and some of you may also find your next true love in the house." The audience clapped, whistled and hollered. Julie turned to face us. "Houseguests, it is now time to enter the big brother house. Alice, Mike, Bella, and Emmett, you will be the first to enter the Big Brother house. Good luck." She finished her sentence with a nod. I grabbed my bag and made my way through the door and into the big brother house. As usual, we all ran around the house searching for the bedrooms. The pixie, whom I now knew as Alice, and I picked the same London themed room. One wall red, the rest of the walls containing lighted pictures of famous London attractions such as Big Ben. The bedding was black and white with red accent pillows. I tossed my bag on the twin bed in the corner and Alice placed hers on the bed next to it, leaving two other twin beds left to claim. Suddenly I was enveloped in a hug by the tiny girl with short black hair. "I'm Alice, but you already know that!" She squeaked excitedly before leaning in to whisper in my ear, "We are going to be best friends, you me and Rose, I can just sense it already!" Despite her energy, I could tell she was a sweet girl and she would make a good ally in the house, at least it seemed so. "Hi Alice, I'm Bella, it's wonderful to meet you!" I hugged her back before we quickly made our way into the living room. Simultaneously we felt ourselves pulled into a big bear hug, who I could only guess was Emmett, as that seemed a fitting name for someone so big. "Emmett's the name and fun is the game! It's lovely to meet you ladies, now tell me, who is Alice?" Alice squeaked her answer, "So you must be Bella!" He dropped us and I let out a breath. "Hi Emmett! Thanks for the welcome greeting!" Alice giggled and I nodded along with her. We moved on to introduce ourselves to Mike and just as we finished, the four other houseguests entered. We quickly introduced ourselves before making out way into the common room to give our brief bios. Alice sat to my right and Emmett to my left. Alice stood up first, no shocker there. "Hello!" She waved to everyone, bouncing with energy and excitement, "I hail from New York and I'm the editor for a small time fashion magazine, with hopes of becoming designer as well as editor for Vogue! I'm so very excited to be here and I can't wait to compete with you all!" She finished her introduction and sat down. Mike stood up next, "Hello everyone, and especially hello to the beautiful ladies," I rolled my eyes in my head but smiled softly on the outside. This game was all about faking it, right? "My name is Mike, I hail from Pennsylvania and I just recently took over ownership of my parents sporting goods store. I'm a huge big brother fan and I'm excited at the prospect of a showmance with one of you pretty girls." I threw up a little in my mouth when he winked at us. Emmett was up next, "What's up guys! My name is Emmett, I'm from California and I am a personal trainer! I'm a big teddy bear and I love to have fun!" Emmett sat down, he seemed as though he might be a good ally as well. I took a deep breath before standing up. "Hey everyone, my name is Bella, I come from a very tiny town in Washington. I sell insurance and I'm a huge bookworm, but I also like to have fun every now and then." I sat down and watched as Adonis, who I had learned was Edward, stood up. "Nice to meet you all, I'm Edward, I also come from Washington, Port Townsend to be exact." I felt my eyes go wide for a second before I dialed them back down to normal. This gorgeous creature was only two hours from me and I had no clue. "I'm currently in the middle of my residency at the hospital there to be a trauma doctor. I also play the piano and enjoy playing sports, especially baseball, as well." He sat down and Rose, the blonde supermodel stood up. "Well, heya," She smiled at everyone, "My name is Rose and I come from California as well, I own my own clothing shop, and I have my MBA from USC. I enjoy surfing and a scuba diving." She sat down, tossing her hands over her shoulder. After Victoria, the red head, and Eric, the Asian introduced themselves we sat around and talked, getting to know each other even more. Not long after the TV kicked on and Julie Chen came on the screen. "Hello houseguests, I hope you all have become well acquainted because it is time to throw the first twist your way. As you may have noticed, there are only eight of you in the house, it is now time to say hello to the remaining eight houseguests. Some of them may seem very familiar." The TV faded to black and we all looked at each other with confused faces when the door to the house opened. I felt my heart drop when I recognized the familiar copper skin and dark features. "Fuck." I whispered under my breath, hearing similar whispers around me. My stomach twisted in knots, and not the good kind, when I watched him come closer, to stand behind me on the couch. "Jacob." I said curtly, his name tasted sick on my tongue. "Bella," My name did not roll off his tongue nearly as harshly as his did mine. Perhaps that was because the end of our relationship struck a different cord with him than it did with me. I looked around, Edward was getting the stare down from a woman with strawberry blonde hair and obviously fake tits. Emmett was giving a girl with glasses another one of his bear hugs, Alice was giving a death glare to a man with dirty blonde hair that was pulled back into a ponytail, and Mike was sitting awkwardly next to a girl with short blonde hair. Rosalie was hugging a boy that looked like he was of Native American descent, much like Jacob. Victoria sneered at a man with short blonde hair that was wavy, and Eric was chatting with a brunette girl who seemed to be holding up both her and Eric's end of the conversation. After a minute Julie came back on the TV. "Hello again houseguests, I can already tell you have recognized the new houseguests. As you may have realized, the first twist was bringing all of your former significant others into the house with you. Now, are you ready for the next twist?" We all responded with 'Yes Julie' before she continued. "This season on big brother, will be a season of partners. You will each have a partner of the opposite sex, and that partner will either be the person sitting across from you, or their ex if the person across from you is not of the opposite sex. So Emmett and Rosalie, you two will be partners, your exes will also be partners. Alice and Victoria, you will pair off with each other's ex. Take some time to learn the names of your new housemates before changing to compete in the first Head of Household competition." I took a deep breath and looked across to find Edwards beautiful green eyes staring at me, I gave him a weak smile and shot me a charming one back. "Well, I guess I'll start, my name is Jacob, I am Bella's ex here, I sell insurance, just like Bella here." I tried my best to ignore him as he introduced himself. Next up was the girl behind Edward. "My name is Tanya, I am Eddie's ex and I am a model." I watched as Edward winced at her nickname for him, he was obviously not fond of it. All of the new houseguests went around introducing themselves. Alice was enthralled with Victoria's ex Jasper, who was a lawyer from Texas with a very lovely southern drawl. James, Alice's ex was very conceited and slimy, he continuously stared at me as he talked, and making me feel uncomfortable. It was as if he was the predator and I was his prey. Rosalie's ex, Sam, seemed nice enough, as did Angela, Emmett's ex. I really didn't care much for Lauren, Mike's ex, or Jessica, Eric's ex. We all went to change and the new houseguests picked their rooms, Rose had already decided to stay in the room with Alice and, leaving the last bed to be claimed by Angela. I just finished tying my tennis shoes when we were called out to the back yard. All the girls were wearing matching sports bras and spandex shorts. All of the guys wearing similar board shorts as well. When we got to the back yard it was set up like a gym, with a large TV on the far wall with eight treadmills facing it. In front of each treadmill was a podium with a chalkboard on it. We all took our seats next to our partners, I felt insecure next to Edward who had a perfect body. His muscles were defined, but he wasn't bulky like Emmett. Julie came on the big screen to greet us. "Hello houseguests and welcome to the first HoH competition of the season!" Some of clapped and others whooped. "In this completion one person on your team will be on the treadmill, also called the 'walker', the other teammate will be the 'talker'. The talkers will be asked a serious of questions while the walkers are behind them on the treadmills. If the talker gets the