Hey guys! I know, I know, Dairy Love needs updated! Don't worry loves, Chapter 8 shall be posted this weekend! I just had this idea and had to get it out there! So read on! A/N: I don't own these lovely characters. I gave a quick goodbye to Riley before shutting the front door to the house, letting out a sigh of disappointment as I did. I ran my fingers through my hair and tousling some of it to one side, creating a new part. I looked up when I heard a door open from upstairs and my roommate and best friend, Alice, peeked over the second-floor balcony, a playful grin on her face. "Shut up Allie, I don't want to hear it." I groaned, knowing exactly what she was going to say and that despite my words, she would still say it. "Oh, yeah! Oh Riley! Mmmmm right there!" She did a poor imitation of my fake groans and moans. I flipped her off as I walked into the kitchen, grabbing a bottle of water. "Seriously Al, what is so wrong with me that I can't orgasm during sex? I mean, I'm 23 and I've racked up a decent body count and not one guy has gotten me close! Ever! I think I'm defective." I grumbled as I plopped down on the couch, Alice taking her spot next to me. "Belly, you are not defective, you just fuck all the wrong guys. I guarantee one day; a guy will come along and all the orgasms you could have had in the past will hit you at once!" The pixie clapped excitedly, although I don't know that my impending orgasm is something to clap over. I looked at the time on my rose gold iPhone 7 and my eyes widened a little when I realized it was almost noon. I stood up and stretched, deciding it was time to go take a shower and get ready for the day. Allie and I were throwing a midsummer house party tonight and we needed to get our house ready and go to the store. "I'm gonna take a quick shower so we can get ready for this party tonight." I said before making my way back up and the stairs and into my bedroom. Stepping into my en suite bathroom, I flicked on the light and the exhaust fan before I turned on the water. I quickly discarded my clothes, tossing them into the hamper and turning back around towards the shower. I made sure everything part of my body that needed to be hairless was just that, hairless and smooth as can be. Once that was finished the rest of my shower went by relatively fast. After lathering my body up with my favorite lotion from Victoria's Secret, Very Sexy, I slipped on a pair of running shorts and a black t-shirt. I was busy brushing my teeth when Alice popped her head in the door of my bedroom. "I'm ready, I'll go ahead and double check our liquor stock and see what else we need." Her bell like voiced chimed and she was gone before I could mumble something back. Slipping on a pair of old vans as I loosely braided my hair and tossed my favorite mariners cap on before jogging down the stairs. Alice was standing at the interior garage door with both of our purses, waiting on me. "Come on Swan, we got places to go and liquor to buy!" She shouted as she shooed me into the garage and over to her bright yellow Porsche 911 turbo. It was quite the ostentatious car but her grandparents had gifted it to her when she graduated and got her first big girl job. After busting through college in my busted up 1953 Chevy pickup, I traded it in for a more modern and reliable Subaru Legacy. Alice was and editor for Eclipsed, Seattle's biggest and most prominent fashion magazine. Within the past few years their distribution had fully covered Washington and was slowly creeping its way into the surrounding states. Both of us had been pretty blessed after graduating college. Alice had landed her editing job and I was able to find a good secure job as dental hygienist. I had started off earning my dental assisting certificate when I was 20. After waiting a year to get into the hygiene program, both Alice and I had managed to graduate at 22. With the money we had both saved up during college we managed to purchase our house last year. It was rather large for a starter home and in a nice neighborhood, but we could it afford with our new salaries and we felt it was deserved. The house was situated in Twilight Acres, a relatively new housing development that based its name of the large properties the homes were situated on. Each home sat on an acre in a half on the outskirts of Seattle, therefore the houses had a decent amount of space between them. Our home was all brick with a second story and a finished basement that led out into the back yard. We had turned the basement into our party room equipped with a fully stocked bar, sound system and a beer pong table. There was a small fire pit out back and an eight-person hot tub for party goers to enjoy, if they didn't get to frisky in it. Alice and I had always prided ourselves in our ability to throw a good party and tonight wouldn't be different. I listened as the garage door opened and Alice backed up, hitting the button on the remote clipped to her visor and the garage door lowered. I opened my Facebook app and checked our event page. It was much easier to host a private event on Facebook that way Alice and I could both invite people from our friends list. It also helped give us a good estimate of how many people would be coming. "Jazzy and Rose will be over around 3 to help get everything ready." Alice said as she took off in the direction of the liquor store. Jasper and Rosalie Hale were twins and our two closest friends. Well, at least they were both my friends, Jasper and Alice had been dating for around two years now and they couldn't be more perfect for one another. Where Alice was high energy and super bossy, Jasper was laid back and up for just about any one of Alice's hair brained schemes. "Sounds good." I said as my phone connected through Bluetooth to Alice's car radio. A few seconds later Act My Age by Hoodie Allen played through the speakers and we both began singing along. It didn't take us long to gather all our alcoholic needs from the liquor store before making a quick trip to the grocery store for snacks and a couple frozen pizzas for our own dinner. When we pulled up to the house a moving truck was just leaving the house across the street and two young guys stood in the garage. "I didn't know we had new neighbors?" I said, looking at them through the tinted windows of the sports car, they were both staring back, but I knew they couldn't see us. Alice pulled into our garage, next to my car but not bothering to close the garage door. "Hmm I noticed the for-sale sign was removed a couple days ago." She said as we both climbed out of the car. "Let's go say hi and invite them to the party!" Before I could respond Alice had grabbed my hand and was dragging me down the driveway to greet our new neighbors. She was oddly strong for her size but over the years I had learned not to fight Alice. The two men watched as I was dragged across the street by Alice and I could take in their appearances. Both were very attractive, strikingly attractive. One was a huge beefy guy, he had bulging muscles and curly dark hair. He towered over the other one, but only by a few inches, his body mass just made it seem that much more drastic of a difference. His mouth upturned into a boyish smile and two dimples appeared in his cheeks, giving a much more teddy bear like appearance. The other one, however, was easily the most attractive of the two. He didn't have muscles like the first, but I could through shirt that he still had some well-defined muscles. He had a perfectly tousled mop of coppery hair on his head and gorgeous emerald green eyes. He was like a Greek god and he had a small smile on his face. "Greetings new neighbors!" Alice cheered once we hit their driveway, waving her hand enthusiastically at them. "My name is Alice Brandon and this is my roommate/best friend Bella Swan!" Alice let go of me as she gestured to me. I waved at them, "Hi guys." I was less enthusiastic as Alice but I still put on a happy face. The beefy guy was the first to speak up. "Well howdy neighbors! The names Emmett Cullen and this here is my pipsqueak of a little brother Edward!" His voice was loud and boisterous, it fit his appearance well. Edward lightly punched Emmett in the arm, most like for calling him a pipsqueak. "We just wanted to welcome you guys to the neighborhood." I said with a friendly smile my eyes moving from Edward to Emmett and then back again. "Of course, if you are interested in a proper welcome, we are hosting a house party tonight and you guys are more than welcome to come. Our parties never disappoint." Alice chimed in as I noticed Rose's cherry red BMW pull into our driveway. I turned back to the guys and noticed Emmett gawking in the direction of our home. "Is that blonde gonna be there because you can count us in!" He grinned and I shook my head. Oh, if he thought he would have a chance with Rose he would be sadly mistaken. She didn't let many guys in since her ex Royce. I looked to Alice who was beaming, clearly happy that the new neighbors had accepted our party invitation. "Perfect! Party starts at nine, but feel free to head over whenever you want!" With that we said out goodbyes and walked the short distance back to our home. Alice and I grabbed the groceries and liquor from our car when we returned, Jasper and Rosalie had already let themselves in. I tapped the button on the wall and the familiar noise of the garage door started up. "Hello party people!" Rose grinned happily from her spot on the couch. She hopped up and grabbed a bag from both Alice and I, Jasper appearing out of nowhere to do the same. "So, who are the sex symbols you were talking to when we pulled up?" She was in front of me, so I couldn't see her face, but I could hear the smirk in her voice. "Oh, those are our new neighbors, Emmett and Edward, they're coming to the party tonight." Alice spoke up, walking next to Rose. I suddenly felt a body bump into me and I looked up, seeing Jasper looking away as if he hadn't done a thing. "Try me Hale, I'll knock you down these stairs without a second thought!" I jokingly threatened as Alice opened the door to the basement. "Oh, but Belly, I'm carrying your precious liquor, and if you knocked me down all these bottles could meet their demise." Jasper calmly spoke in his smooth, southern drawl. I let out a dramatic gasp, "Oh no, we can't have that! You've got all the ingredients for my vodka sunrise!" He grinned playfully and once we made it off the stairs and into the basement, I bumped into him before scurrying over to the bar. "You