Authors note: Okay so hi, I've recently gotten into harry potter, (I know little bit late right?) and I've been obsessed with the Fanfiction, and Draco Malfoy (because damn, Tom Felton is fine) and I hope to incorporate aspects from the movie and books as well. Though I fore warn you, updates will be really slow. I've only ready the first book so far. So I have to buy and read the rest. Also: I based Abby's wand off of these unicorn makeup brushes I've seen all over instagram, and they just look so beautiful and majestic. So I thought oooh the irony. Girl who hates everything magic gets the wand who portrays a fairy tale and a magical world so perfectly. Hogwarts School of witchcraft and wizardry Headmaster: Albus Dumbeldore (Order of Merlin, First Class Grand Sorc. Chf Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. Of Wizards) Dear Ms. Rosewood, We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term Begins on 1,September. We await your owl by no later then 31,July. Yours Sincerely, Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress. As I read the letter, the glare I had on my face would deepen. Each word my eyes skimmed over, my face would show more negative feelings to what was being explained. Anger, hated, you name it, and I probably had it. Why did I have to go to this place? I'm perfectly capable without magic, never used it anyways. What was the point? I wasn't incapable of doing things without the help of magic. I didn't wanna go, didn't wanna be in a world with odd creatures, Didn't wanna be in a place where I had to look over my shoulder every second. I just wanted to stay here, surrounded by muggles. Because muggles were normal, and in my book, normal was safe. "Stop glaring at that letter bug, your pretty little face will get stuck like that." A voice said, pulling me out of my thoughts. I looked to where the voice had come from, and there stood my mother; a thin and beautiful woman with blonde locks that were piled on top of her head. "Sorry." I mumbled, and placed the parchment onto the kitchen table, not daring to set eyes on it. "What's wrong love bug?" Mum asked, concerned. My blue eyes met her green ones, and more sadness then anger had washed over me. "I don't want to go mum. You know that." I said. I looked at my mother and watched her sigh. I couldn't possibly leave her. She needs me and I need her too. All we have is each other, and with me gone -to a whole other world at that- she'd be all alone. I'd be all alone. "You have to learn how to control your magic." Was all she said. " I can control it mum!" I argued. "You almost burnt down the neighbors house." Mum said, and gave me pointed look. "That was a while ago." I replied, and crossed my arms. "Abby, that was last week." She said. I remained silent, at a loss for words, and looked down at the table. I hear Mum shuffle across the kitchen and sit down across from me. "Love bug, look at me." I reluctantly tore my gaze from the dark wood, and traveled to stare at my mother's piercing green eyes. "I don't want you to go either, but you have to learn how to control your magic, You can't have slip ups in public, once you're out of school it's your decision whether to use your magic or not. But this, going to Hogwarts, it's for the best." She spoke gently. I bit the inside of my cheek, and nodded slowly. "Have you finished packing?" mum asked, changing the dynamic in her voice. Again, I didn't answer. In all honesty, I didn't. I wasn't near to being done. "Abby..." Mum spoke in a tone that meant business. I sighed and shook my head no "well finish packing, we're leaving at 10:30." My mother demanded. Still being silent, I stood up from y chair, and made my way out of the kitchen, and down the wide hallway, before stopping at my bedroom door. I opened the white wooden door, and pale blue walls came into view. I walked in, and shut the door behind me. I let out a sigh, and stared at the open trunk that sat right beside my bed, and then looked at the times strewn all about my room, that was meant to be packed away days ago. I grabbed item after item and placed them into the trunk that had been charmed by mum, no matter how much you put into it, the trunk would never be full. I didn't know what it was called, nor did I pay any mind when she had cast it a couple of weeks ago. Soon enough, just about everything was packed away. It had come down to one thing left; a picture frame. I sat down on my bed and undid the frame, carefully taking the picture out, making sure not to make a tear or put a crease in it. Once it was successfully out, I flipped it over, showing the small family. A father; dark brown hair, and blue eyes, and a smile that only portrayed pure joy. A mother; who's eyes gleamed and a face that showed she was in love with the ones who surrounded her, as she had her hands on her swollen belly. A girl; about eight years old, who looked like she could have conquered the world. I ran my pointer finger across the man's smiling face, as my eye started to sting. "I miss you." I whispered. "Please Daddy, protect her when I'm gone." I pleaded, my voice just above a whisper, as if I would get a response in return. I sat there a couple of minutes more, looking down at the once happy family. I came to my senses and stood up, then placed the photograph on top of everything else, and closed the trunk. I made my way over to my -almost empty- dresser and pulled out a pair of light washed jeans, a t-shirt, and a bra. I quickly got dressed then went over to my vanity mirror, picking up a brush and began to brush out the knots that my wavy blond locks had created. "Bug, are you just about finished? We need to get going soon!" Mum yelled from somewhere close by. "Yeah!" I yelled back in return and put the brush back down. "You can do this Abby. Everything is gonna be okay. nothings going to happen to her. She'll be okay." I whispered, reassuring myself as best as I could. I took one last longing look at the jaded eyed eleven year old girl who stared back at me, and then got up. I grabbed my trunk and pulled it out of my bedroom, closing the door shut afterwards and lugged the trunk down the hall. The train station was crowded, to say the least. Magical children with their children were all about. Laughing, hugging, bidding farewells. It was all overwhelming, and I don't know how I haven't had a panic attack with everything; being in this place, watching magic being performed by people I didn't know, nor trust, just everything. This place wasn't a fairytale to me like the muggle children thought, and it wasn't home to me either. This place was like a hell to me, and my mother didn't know the extent to how much I didn't want to be here. "There that should do it." My mother's voice rang through my ears, pulling me out of my thoughts for what seemed like the millionth time today. I blinked, refocusing my eyes, and seen that my trunk had been put away in the luggage compartment with everybody else's "Bug, I want you to be good okay. No getting into trouble alright?" Mum told me. I nodded, knowing that couldn't possibly happen. Well as long as people didn't mess with me, then all would be fine. I was never one to start things. I kept to myself. "I want you to make some friends here too.." She trailed off a bit. "Okay." was all I said, and then a thought came to mind. "Mum, what if I don't get into the house you want me to be in?" I asked, looking up at her, worried. She looked down at me with a gentle smile, and loving eyes. "Whatever house you're put into I'll be happy, and your dad would be to. No matter what, you'll always be our love bug" Mum said, in her soft voice. Next thing I knew, I was pulled into a bone crushing hug. My mother may be a petite little thing, but she could fool everybody, the woman was strong. "I'm gonna miss you so much baby." Mum said, getting a bit choked up. And just like earlier, my eyes started to sting, and tears welled up in them. "I'm gonna miss you mum." I replied, squeezing my eyes shut tightly, and wrapped my arms around her / I felt her lips press onto the top of my head. The train conductor is what pulled us apart; warning of it's departure in ten minutes. "Write me when you get settled in, okay?" She said, with tears pouring out of her light green orbs. "I promise." I mumbled, and walked to the steps of the train, climbing them one by one. I walked onto the train, and looked back. My mother was now speaking to a man. He had on black. The same color of his hair. I bit my cheek, and I waved a goodbye, catching her and the man's eyes. Mom waved back, sporting a sad smile, and I caught a glimpse of the man's facial features; a long nose that didn't fit his face all too well, and the darkest eyes I've ever seen. Black. I turned back around , letting my mother socialize with the man; taking a mental note to ask who he was in my letter. Then I stalked over to find a (hopefully empty) compartment to sit at. I had found an empty compartment in the back of the train, and I happily sat down; closing the door. I took my wand out of my pocket, as it had been lodged into my side when I sat down and it wasn't comfortable at all. As I held it in my left hand, I ran my fingers of the other down the wand; feeling the ridges. I twirled it around my hand, remembering the day I had gotten it. I had been so scared, and jumped at every noise that I had heard. I remember walking into Ollivander's wand shop, and getting nauseous at all of the wands in sight. realizing how many wands were bought and sold here. Knowing that the man who owned this shop had sold something that had put danger to people. -Flashback- I walked into the small shop with my mother, right in front of me. The first look I had gotten from this place, was that it was dark, and eerie. Dusty as well. like it needed a good cleaning and some windows put in too. "Ah, Ms. Rosewood. I was wondering when I was going to see you." A voice said. I jumped and seen a silhouette coming from behind a wall, and make his way to the front desk. He was an old man. With pure white hair all about. In a way he reminded me of albert Einstein. though this man's hair wasn't as rambunctious. "Mrs. Rosewood, good to see you my dear." The man said to my mother. "Likewise Mr. Ollivander." Mum said with a complete smile. Mr. Ollivander looked at me, a