A/N: This is a companion piece to "October," but both stories can stand on their own. "It's no trouble, really. In fact, I insist." "You sure it won't interfere with your writing or anything?" she eyed him doubtfully. "I'm sure," he affirmed with a nod. "I need to do some thinking before I write any more, and the walk should do nicely." "All right, then. Can you remember what to get?" He recited the list back to her, and she nodded. "Aye. Now be sure to remember that cinnamon if you want apple cobbler tonight." "I won't forget," he said with a smile. Finishing his tea, he rose and carried his breakfast plate to the wash basin. Pausing to peer out the window, he saw with satisfaction the bright, welcoming day. The sun shone from a clear blue sky, and a light breeze sent the fallen leaves skittering across the grass. Turning away and preparing to leave, he asked, "Will you need help hanging the bigger rugs?" She'd declared yesterday her intention to beat the rugs today, to take advantage of these last few days before winter roared in and made such activities impossible. The absence of the throw before his bed and now the bare floor of the hallway reminded him of this. "No, thank you kindly. Sam hung them afore he left." Sam had departed earlier, to finish preparing the unplanted shoots to protect their fragile roots from the frost his Gaffer had predicted would come in a few short days. Then his efforts to replant the Shire would come to a halt as winter chill dug its fingers deep into the soil for the season. He would find something to do, of that Frodo was certain. Sam could not stand to pass time in idleness. "What time do you need me back for the cobbler to be done for supper?" Frodo asked as he shrugged on his coat. The day looked warm enough that he was dispensing with his cloak -it only got in the way in the crowded market, anyway. "By tea time ought to be enough," Rosie answered. "I shall return by tea, then. Don't expect me for elevenses or lunch; I'll eat something while I'm out," he said, then shut the kitchen door behind him. He took a deep breath of the crisp air and smiled. It really was a beautiful day to be outdoors, despite it being November. Frodo got as far as Bagshot Row before it was evident that the breeze was stronger than it had initially appeared, and the bright sunshine disguised a deceptively chilly day. He should have brought his cloak, but he didn't want to go back and get it. Frodo hunched his shoulders against the wind and forged onward, picking up his pace to generate heat to replace what was being whipped away from his body. The press and heat of many hobbits in the marketplace was a welcome change, his usual thoughts about the chaos aside. His first priorities were the items from Rosie's list, especially that cinnamon. His mouth watered as he thought of her cobbler; it was the best he'd ever had, and considering his aunt Esme's cobbler had won prizes in the Buckland fairs, that was saying a lot. Rosie didn't like to make it often, said it spoiled the effect if you have it so frequently, but in this case Frodo persuaded her to make it in celebration of the announcement earlier in the week that she and Sam would be parents in the spring. She had known for a number of weeks, but persuaded Sam to keep quiet until she was sure she would not lose it, as sometimes happened without a clear reason. There would be a family meal for the Gamgees and the Cottons in a few days' time in honor of the occasion, and no doubt an even larger celebration would take place after she was successfully delivered. Frodo had to admit to an ulterior motive in offering to go to the market: he wanted to look for something he could contribute for the babe. A toy, perhaps? But he wasn't satisfied with the wooden blocks or the carved animals on offer by the woodworker. Hair ribbons would be useless if it were a lad, as Rosie seemed to suspect (though how she guessed was beyond Frodo's comprehension). Cloth for clothes and baby blankets might be useful, especially that really soft, bright green flannel, but he knew nothing of clothes making and could not begin to guess how much was needed. He would tell Rosie about the cloth and let her do the purchasing. Ah, well, he had several months yet, so he could keep looking, Frodo rationalized as he turned away from the dry goods vendor and resumed his shopping. His wandering had brought him close to the spices merchant, which had been his original goal. He breathed deeply of the mixed aromas, mentally identifying many of them -nutmeg, cinnamon, garlic, cloves. The reopening of the trade routes from Minas Tirith had done much to improve the varieties available, and he listened as the old hobbit woman tending the stand explained to a young lass what could be done with cardamom in the kitchen and as a healing herb. While he waited for the old woman's attention, his eyes skimmed the colorful jars of yellow, green, red, black on the rack behind her, each one filled with a different spice or herb. He tried to guess why they were arranged in that order, since color evidently did not play a role, based on how the reds and yellows were scattered around the various shelves. Perhaps by use? Or primary use, anyway, since many had multiple uses, like the cardamom that the merchant was now bagging for the young lass. "Thank you, Mother," the lass said to the old woman as she paid and left. Evidently Frodo was next in line, for the old woman turned and smiled toothlessly at him. "What'll it be for ye today?" "Cinnamon, and two pounds of black tea please, ma'am." "Call me Mother, lad," she said jovially. "How many sticks of cinnamon?" she asked, pulling the jar from its shelf. Frodo considered a moment. He had no idea, so he'd better get several. "Four?" He must have sounded as uncertain as he felt, for she chortled. "You ain't the one as normally does the shoppin', are ye? No matter, four's plenty for anything you could wish to be makin'. Do ye have a bag for the tea?" "No, I'm sorry, I forgot to bring one." "No matter, I always carry extras," she said, squatting and rummaging around beneath her table, then emerged with a burlap sack. She scooped the tea into the bowl on one side of her scale and set a weight on the other; when the two sides were balanced, she dumped the bowl's contents into the sack and started again. Two pounds measured, she tied off the sack with twine and handed it to him, followed by the smaller pouch of cinnamon sticks. Frodo dropped several coins in her hand, more than was strictly necessary for what he'd bought, and said politely, "Thank you, Mother." She eyed the coins and smiled widely at him again. "Come again anytime, lad!" she called after him. Next on his list was a wheel of cheese. Cheese usually sold out rather early in the day, but while he enjoyed looking at the stacks of cheeses, Frodo didn't relish the thought of carrying the wheel with him while he finished his shopping. So he purchased the needed cheese and paid a lad who had been hanging around the stall to run it up to Bag End for him. That finished, he attended to the last item on Rosie's list, a keg of ale. The merchant was a jolly old fellow, very eager to please, and Frodo had to turn down several offers of a larger keg for the same price -the size he was asking for was the only one that would fit on the keg stand in the cellar. At length and with some haggling, Frodo succeeded in buying the right size keg that would be delivered to Bag End the next day and the old cask would be taken away. With his assigned errands done, Frodo saw to his personal list. He needed quills and ink, for his work on the Red Book consumed both in sizable quantities. The work was proceeding well, so he was eager to replenish his supplies and resume before the inspiration waned. Frodo was tempted by the books also in the shop, but resisted even touching them, knowing if he picked up even one, he might be in there all day. Having secured his supplies, Frodo returned to the outdoor marketplace and browsed for a while, hoping for ideas for a gift for the coming babe, and absent-mindedly mulling over the next section of the story. He wandered aimlessly, letting the chatter wash over him without paying heed, until he thought he heard his name. He stopped and looked around, puzzled. In a moment, he was being clapped on the back by a panting Fatty. "Frodo, finally! I've been calling your name for at least ten minutes! I was beginning to wonder if you've gone deaf," he said with a breathless chuckle. "Just not paying attention," Frodo replied wryly. "I hope I haven't caused you permanent harm." "No, no, but I do insist you join me for lunch in exchange for my trouble," Fatty said, grinning. "I do believe I have room in my schedule for lunch," Frodo said, returning the grin. "Where are we going, and who's paying?" he asked cheekily, and Fatty roared with laughter and steered Frodo toward the Ivy Bush. The matron spotted them entering the large, warm common room and quickly settled them at a table near the roaring fireplace with mugs of ale and a promise of a hot, hearty meal coming right up. While they waited for their food and began nursing their ales, Frodo told Fatty of the recent goings-on at Bag End, including the pending arrival of Sam and Rosie's first bairn. "I'll have to drop by and congratulate them," Fatty commented. Any further conversation on the topic was forestalled by the arrival of their food: steaming bowls of hearty soup, thick slices of bread, and a slab each of meatloaf. "Call if you need anything, lads," the matron instructed before leaving them to eat in peace. The common room was relatively quiet and fairly uninhabited, and for a time this pair was silent as well, devoting their attention to eating as hobbits usually do when food has just been laid before them. Fatty was finished with his meal first, so Frodo asked about his family to keep Fatty talking while he finished his last bites. Fatty's parents were well, life was proceeding normally, and Estella was courting. "Oh, really? Estella has finally settled her eye on a lad?" Frodo asked with interest, sitting back in his chair, his hunger satisfied. "Has she ever! She lives for the days he can call on her." "Do I know the lad?" "Do you - do you know the lad?" Fatty sputtered, then began laughing uproariously, slapping his leg in merriment. "'Do I know the lad,' oh Frodo, that's a good one!" He continued laughing so hard he could not speak. After several uncomfortable minutes, Frodo said irritably, "If you would let me in on the joke, I would be grateful." With an effort, Fatty calmed down to a chuckle. "It's our cousin." "We have quite a few cousins in common, if you'll care to remember." Frodo said, still irritated, "and I do not happen to be aware of any that are currently courting." "He's probably too embarrassed to say anything yet. He did, after all, say once that the Brandywine would run dry before he would settle down and get married."