A/N: Mostly book-verse. Written for Frodo Baggins of Bag End; a sequel of sorts to "Rest". Many thanks to LilyBaggins for her critical eye on a draft of this story. Frodo blinked groggily and tried to remember where he was and what he'd been doing. There was a vague recollection of the loud clatter of dishes, the clamor of many folk tallking at once . . . ah, yes, a feast. . . at Minas Tirith? No, they'd left well over a week ago. Rohan, then. Yes, that would make sense . . . and the wooden beams overhead looked like the ones in the bedroom he and the other hobbits had been using. Wait a minute. His last memory was of the feast; how and when did he get here? And why did his face feel sticky? He rubbed his eyes and when he opened them again, Lady Eowyn's face appeared above him, her hair falling over her shoulder and tickling his ear. "Was the cake not to your approval?" she asked with a grin as she wiped his face with a warm, damp cloth. "Pardon?" Frodo asked stupidly. "You fell asleep in your dessert." "Oh. I don't remember that." "Evidently not," Eowyn teased. "Now, do you care to tell me why you decided to use your cake as a pillow?" Frodo shrugged. "I am tired," he replied with a yawn. "Have the beds not been sufficient? You need only tell me if something is awry." "No, no, the bed is fine. It's just . . . " he trailed off, unable to find an adequate explanation. She looked concerned, and touched his face briefly. "You are feverish again. Are you certain you are well? This is not the first time you and I have met thus." "You are not required to continue looking after me," Frodo countered. "I can look after myself." Eowyn laughed merrily. "Does looking after yourself usually include putting your nose in your dessert?" Frodo blushed. "Well, no. But I'm sure Sam would have woken me before I did myself harm." "Perhaps, but you are again changing the subject. Are you well or not?" "I'm as well as can be expected," Frodo hedged. "What with all the travelling, the endless feasts, and being a spectacle to be continually gawked at so soon after a very long, very wearying journey into a very unpleasant place." Eowyn smiled briefly and clasped his hand gently. "True enough. But I remain concerned that you do not seem to be recovering as quickly as one would expect in comparison to the other hobbits." "The other hobbits are considerably younger than I," he reminded her with a hollow laugh. "And we each had our own struggles . . . is it so hard to believe that we recover differently?" "No, but the fact remains that you are here in bed while the others are still in the hall, celebrating." She released his hand and began briskly undoing the buttons on his jacket, then his waistcoat. "But I will remind you that I would also be in the hall, if someone hadn't intervened," he said pointedly, batting her hands away. "I tell you, I am fine. A bit sleepy, but fine, and perfectly capable of managing my own buttons. What would Faramir say?" "He would say that you ought to allow her to do what she will. She is more than capable in this regard." Faramir entered the room with a grin and put his hand gently on Eowyn's shoulder, leaning down to speak to her. "Your brother bade me tell you he still wishes to make the announcement this evening." "Yes, yes. There is time yet," Eowyn answered briskly as she helped Frodo sit up so she could take his jacket and waistcoat off him. "Announcement?" Frodo asked curiously. "Eowyn has agreed to marry me," Faramir said tenderly, and Eowyn glanced at him with a soft smile. Frodo felt a warmth seep through him as he saw how truly happy they were. "Eowyn, go. Don't worry about me. You deserve your happiness." Eowyn rubbed his back gently. "As do you. Now lie back down." She wet a cloth with the drinking water and folded it on his forehead. "Are you feeling any better?" "All I've felt is tired. Let me sleep and I'll be fine." Frodo made shooing motions. "Go on." He yawned for good measure and closed his eyes. Eowyn touched his arm briefly. "I will return to check on you." "And I will be asleep," Frodo promised. "There won't be much to check on." Frodo was indeed asleep when Eowyn returned, but it was a restless sleep. He had shaken the cloth off his forehead and his clothes and the covers on his bed were all awry. Eowyn rescued the cloth and, upon rewetting it, put it back in its place after touching Frodo's forehead to gauge his fever. He was warmer than before. Eowyn sighed, and impatiently pulled her hair back out of her face as she sat on the edge of the bed and debated how best to care for him. "Lady Eowyn? Is anything the matter?" Sam ventured hesitantly into the room. "Frodo is feverish," she replied. "Aye, 'tis usual this time of night," Sam commented as he came beside the bed. "What?" Eowyn asked in disbelief. "How long has that been occurring?" Sam shrugged. "A bit now. Some weeks, I'm guessing. When it first started happening, I asked Strider 'bout it. He said it would be all right and I should give Mr. Frodo some tea every evening so he could sleep better. By morning he's right as rain." "Weeks? Does Lord Aragorn know the problem has persisted?" "Nay. Mr. Frodo said it did not matter and I should not trouble Strider with it." He searched her face anxiously. "Is that bad?" "I do not know, Sam. What is in the tea you give him?" "Some o' the usual herbs for fever. Strider made it up for me." He crossed the room, fetched a small packet from his pack, and handed it to her. "I was goin' to ask Strider about the fever when I ran out." Eowyn nodded as she examined the plant bits in the packed. Sam was correct; they were all the usual fever remedies, but she wondered if it had served only to suppress the fever rather than eliminate its cause. "Sam, would you fetch Frodo's nightshirt? I know not where to look, and I'd like to make him a bit more comfortable." Sam easily located the desired item -Eowyn had to wonder if he'd been the one to put it away, he found it so quickly- and brought it to her. "What are we to do for the fever?" he asked worriedly. "Nothing," she said simply. "We let it run its course, and I have hope it will then leave him." Eowyn efficiently divested Frodo of his shirt and, after running a cool cloth over his chest and back, slipped the nightshirt onto him. "We can make him more comfortable with cool cloths and plenty of water, but it would be best to stay away from teas and the like unless absolutely necessary. Would you take his trousers off? I know how he is about that." Sam nodded his understanding, then grinned and quickly took care of the trousers. As they finished tugging the nightshirt into place, Frodo roused a bit. "Hoy . . . what do you think you're doing?" he asked indignantly. "Making you more comfortable for the sleep you insist you need," Eowyn said lightly. "Would you like anything else before you return to sleep?" Frodo's brow furrowed and he looked at her with great concentration, as if not entirely sure what he was seeing was real. "Water?" he ventured hesitantly. His request was easily filled, and Frodo returned to oblivion soon after. Once he was obviously asleep again, Eowyn said, "He should be watched, to be sure the fever does not become overly great." "I can sit for a spell," Sam offered immediately. "Begging your pardon, but you should change out of them fancy clothes afore sitting around for a long while. And you could also find a chair more your size. Everything in here is too small, most like." Eowyn had to bow to his logic on that point. The hobbits were staying in the nursery, where everything was sized for a child's convenience. Even the bed was shorter than normal, though it was just as wide, to accommodate multiple youngsters at once. It had worked well for the hobbits, but it was true that she'd be most uncomfortable in one of the small chairs. "All right, Master Gamgee," she laughed. "I submit to your common sense. I shall return more suitably dressed and with proper accommodation." Eowyn was almost to the doorway before Sam spoke up again. "My Lady, if I may be so bold, you might also want to rest a bit. Mr. Merry and Mr. Pippin will be here soon, and we can take care of him long enough for you to sleep. He won't be better by morning, most like, and someone needs to watch him then." "You speak wisely," Eowyn acknowledged with a smile. "Then I shall return rested, as well." Eowyn returned with the dawn, after stopping by the kitchens to arrange for breakfast to be brought to the hobbits, get some fresh water and additional cloths, and borrow a lad to carry a chair for her since her arms were already occupied. When she stole into the hobbits' room, Merry and Pippin were lying atop the bed's covers, fully dressed and fast asleep next to Frodo, who was sleeping quietly. Sam sat slumped in a chair next to the bed, looking groggy but at least semi-aware. He acknowledged her presence with a nod as the lad set her chair down near the bed and stole away without a sound. "How is he?" she asked softly, placing the basin of water on the convenient bedside table and touching Frodo's cheek gently before sitting down next to Sam. "A bit cooler now, but not back to normal. He was a mite restless after you left, but Mr. Merry and Mr. Pippin calmed him right down." "Good. Were you able to sleep at all?" "Some, but mostly in the chair." "That can't be good for your poor neck," Eowyn said with a chuckle. "Why don't you lie down for a while? Breakfast won't be here for a couple of hours yet." "Not until one of them gets up. I don't want to disturb poor Mr. Frodo by piling atop everyone." "No need to worry," came Frodo's voice from the bed. "Poor Mr. Frodo is already disturbed by a need for the chamberpot." Sam swiftly handed it to him and, with a glance at Eowyn, Frodo slid it under the covers to take care of matters in privacy. Shortly thereafter the pot reappeared and Sam tucked it discreetly under the edge of the bed. "Did you sleep well?" Eowyn asked Frodo once he was finished. "Well enough," he said briefly, then slowly sat himself up. "Here, Sam, lie down a while. A turn in that chair won't do me any harm." "Begging your pardon, but it could," Sam contradicted. "I would feel better knowing you had some time in an actual bed," Frodo insisted. "Now that's hard," Sam said with some hurt -Frodo was manipulating him and he knew it. He looked to Eowyn for aid, but she just nodded and gestured toward the bed. He would have to trust the lady knew what she was doing, then. "All right, as long as you promise to do as Lady Eowyn bids." "Fine, I promse," Frodo said somewhat irritably as he threw back the covers and slid out of bed, lurching on slightly unsteady legs toward the chair. Sam unhappily vacated the chair and saw Frodo into it before he would lie down.