A/N: Part of my wing!fic universe; the previous stories in the timeline are "Flightless" and "Flagging Spirit" which are in my profile's list of stories. When Frodo reached a small break in the stairs, he paused, leaning against the wall and panting. Looking back at the winding stairs he'd already traversed, he briefly considered going back to the Archives, where he was supposed to be all day. No. He had to do this; he must. Otherwise he would never know. Doggedly he resumed his climb, passing three more of the short landings before he stopped for another break. He mused it was a good thing flying didn't require the use of one's legs, or his test would already be doomed to failure. Frodo experimentally flexed his wings; they were stiff, which was understandable, but seemed sound. The time he'd spent waiting for the feathers lost to the rocky crags of Mordor -and to the grasping claws of orcs, but he tried not to think about that part- to sufficiently grow back may have been sufficient to allow his various wounds to heal, but only an attempt to fly would tell. It was the better part of an hour from when he began to when Frodo reached the top room of the grand white tower of Ecthelion. Aragorn had pointed it out with particular pride when giving the hobbits a tour of the upper level of Minas Tirith, though he'd not wanted to exhaust them on all of the stairs. Now Frodo saw what he meant, both about the exertion and the breathtaking view from the tall windows that loomed so high above the rest of the city. The Pelennor seemed so distant, so small from here, and he could see the glimmer of the Anduin on its border. Reluctantly he turned his attention to the matter at hand. He'd noted a good-sized area of thicket and bushes to the northeast of the tower during their tour, and he was gratified to see it still seemed ideal from up here. His plan was to take off from one of these windows and coast on the air currents for a while, testing out his wings, then try to land. He figured he could aim for the thicket if the flight went badly so he'd have something slightly more forgiving than rock and ground to land upon. Frodo took a deep breath and pushed one of the windows open, feeling the early summer breeze ruffle his hair and feathers. He stood there a moment before carefully clambering onto the sill. He slowly counted down from five, and gently allowed himself to fall forward. There was a moment of panic as he began falling and his wings hadn't yet caught the wind, but then his downward descent was abruptly halted and he was soaring. Frodo grinned with delight and cautiously pumped his wings once, twice, to send him circling around the tower. When his wings obeyed his will without pain, he could hardly believe it. Had he truly regained the gift of flight? Considering his current height above the ground, it appeared the answer was yes. Since his attempt was going so well, he ventured out a little further, taking a loop out toward the citadel before coming back to the tower and his thicket. He was making another round about the tower when something went terribly wrong. He was never sure afterward what exactly happened, but the next thing he knew, he was in agony, he was plummeting toward the ground, and his left wing would not respond. With a sinking heart he realized he would not make it to the thicket before he would land, so he shut his eyes and hoped desperately for the best. It was midafternoon when Sam and Aragorn returned to the Archives to collect Frodo. Aragorn had been showing Sam around the garden at the Houses of Healing and offering as much information as he could about the plants that piqued Sam's interest. Frodo had been invited, but he had expressed a preference to read in the Archives instead, which Sam thought was well suited for him -he couldn't blame his master for not wanting to spend any more time around the healers and their draughts than he had to! But they found the reading room empty, and the Archives curator didn't know where Frodo was, either. "He left 'bout a half hour after you did, milord," was all he could tell them. Sam wasn't sure if he should be concerned or not. Granted, Frodo wasn't where he said he'd be, but most likely he'd simply thought of something else to do that struck his fancy and went off to do that, instead. Aragorn was similarly conflicted. His mind told him that if he and Sam frantically began searching, they'd eventually uncover a peeved Frodo who simply wanted some time on his own where he wasn't being smothered by the concern of his friends. But his gut was uneasy; if Frodo had wanted to do something on his own, he would have returned to the Archives before he and Sam were expected to return so they would not worry, which would lead to more smothering. Finally, he said, "We should return to the house and see if he is there." "Aye," Sam agreed, seeming relieved. But Frodo was not there, either. Merry and Pippin were, having spent some time visiting with various Guards and Men of Rohan during their off hours. They were enjoying a sizable afternoon tea, and Pippin heartily invited Sam and Aragorn to dig in. "Actually, we're looking for Mr. Frodo," Sam replied. "I don't suppose you've seen him?" The cousins exchanged a look. "We thought he was with you, testing out his wings," Merry said slowly. "Testing out his wings?" Aragorn repeated, dumbfounded. "You mean someone saw him flying?" "Some of the Rohirrim saw what they called a 'strange bird' flying near the citadel and tower earlier today," Pippin supplied. "From their description, we assumed it was Frodo. You weren't with him?" "We weren't, and that's the truth. He was supposed to be visiting the Archives today," Sam said. Merry and Pippin were on their feet in an instant. "If he's not back by now, something must have happened. We must go look for him," Merry said hurriedly. As they hustled out the door and toward the seventh level, they debated where and how to search, eventually agreeing to begin at the citadel and work outward from there. Aragorn questioned the guards at the White Tree while the hobbits began the search, but those who knew anything at all repeated the same tale Merry and Pippin had heard from the Rohirrim. At least an hour was spent fruitlessly, with no sign of Frodo, so the four regrouped to discuss what to do next. "We ought to try circling the tower here," Merry suggested, motioning in that direction. "If I know Frodo, that's where he started." "What do you mean?" Aragorn asked. Sam understood what Merry was getting at, and chimed in. "When he was a-learning to fly, he'd go up on something high and push off from there. Gave me Gaffer many a fright when he'd nearly fall out of the Bag End tree trying to get going." Merry nodded. "It's more difficult to lift up off the ground than it is to start up high and go from there. Considering that he tried and failed in Rivendell to start from the ground, I'll wager he chose to do it the other way this time." Aragorn nodded, and they turned as one to focus on the tower instead. Sam was about to get frustrated again when Pippin let out a shout and, being closest to him, Sam ran over to see what the youngster had found. Pippin was tearfully petting Frodo's hair and calling to him softly. Sam went around to Frodo's other side, carefully avoiding the outstretched wings and limbs, and patted Frodo's face gently. "Mr. Frodo?" Frodo blinked groggily and groaned slightly. "I've really done it this time," he murmured. "I'm never going to try that again." "Don't you fret, sir, we'll have you fixed up again in no time," Sam promised, hoping with all his heart that it was true. By now Merry and Aragorn had arrived and were also hovering over Frodo's prone form. "Where are you hurt?" Aragorn questioned. Frodo tried to chuckle, but coughed a bit instead. "I think the list of where I am not hurt would be shorter, but I shall try to answer your question," he replied. "I believe I landed on my left arm -I am still laying on it- so something is probably broken. My chest and entire left side aches, my right knee is sore, and something went wrong with my wing, which is how I ended up here in the first place. Oh, and I have a splitting headache." "But you can still feel all of your limbs?" "Unfortunately. I would rather not move them right now, if you don't mind." "No, stay still until we determine the extent of your injuries. At least it seems you did not damage your back. Tell me, how far did you fall?" "Too far," Frodo groaned as Aragorn began feeling along his limbs and torso. "I was maybe half of the way down from the top of the tower? I'm not entirely certain, it happened so fast." Aragorn whistled under his breath. "Then I am astonished you still live, my dear hobbit. Such a fall would kill a man." "Perhaps, but I feel a fool. I intended to land in that thicket if anything went wrong, but as you can see, I came nowhere close." "You never did have good aim, cousin," Merry informed him cheerfully, and Frodo glared at him. Aragorn interjected, "Frodo, you seem to have dislocated the main joint on your wing. I'm going to push it back into place before the swelling keeps it out of joint. Sam and Pippin, please hold him as best as you can, and Merry, I need you to keep his other wing out of the way." When the hobbits were in position, Aragorn firmly guided the bone back into its socket with an audible pop. Sam shuddered. "I had to do that in Mordor, too," he said to no one in particular as he rubbed what he could of Frodo's back. "Oh? Neither of you ever mentioned that," Aragorn said, shifting Frodo more onto his back so he could examine the trapped arm. "Twas after the orcs had him in that infernal tower. They had pulled it out of joint and he had me put it back because it pained him so." "One of them stepped on that wing, and I tried to pull away and it just popped right out," Frodo murmured. "It was agony, and they were pleased with themselves for getting me to hurt myself." He shuddered. "I wish I had known, or I would have had you doing exercises to strengthen the muscles in that area. Once it is dislocated once, it is at increased risk of doing so again, though stronger muscles can help prevent it." Frodo might have responded, but Aragorn had worked down his left arm and was now attempting to manipulate his hand and wrist, and by the jolts of pain it was causing, Frodo guessed what Aragorn was going to say. "You've done quite a number on your wrist, here. It may be a challenge to make sure all of the bones are placed correctly so you can still use it once it's healed." "Lovely," Frodo said through gritted teeth. "What else did I do to myself?" "You will have some very impressive bruises all along your left side -you're already developing a good lump on your temple- and will likely be quite stiff for several weeks. You already know about your wrist, but you might also have dislocated that shoulder, there is too