A/N: Book verse, in the same AU as "Flagging Spirit" Disclaimer: I know next to nothing about wings, much less what it's like to have them/use them. This is my attempt to imagine that, and if you know I went wrong somewhere, please point it out so I can fix it. Thanks! Flightless The five travellers finished their meagre supper and sat in silence around the fire as dusk deepened. At length, when Strider went off into the woods to do whatever it is that Rangers do, Frodo decided now was as good a time as any, and proceeded to take off his cloak -despite the cold- before carefully stretching out his wings. Gingerly folding and flexing, he tried to work out the cramps from days of disuse. If only he could take just a short jaunt across the sky! But he daren't, not with those nearby lurking shadows he and Merry had seen while atop the hill with Strider. Particularly since it was him they were hunting. He sighed and settled down to straighten his feathers before folding up again for who knows how long. "Cousin, put those away," said Merry from the other side of the fire. "You're just jealous yours aren't full-grown yet," Frodo teased, still preening. "That may be, but I also think you're drawing too much attention to yourself. You know they can be seen for miles." Merry did have a point; any hobbit living in or near Hobbiton could tell it was him from afar by the iridescent blues and greens of his feathers. Not like he could help it -the striking colors were inherited from his parents, both of whom had legendary plumage in their day. "It's almost dark. I don't think it matters," Frodo argued even as he tucked the wings back into place. "But I was finished anyway." He put his cloak back on and huddled closer to the fire, for the night grew colder as it grew darker. Several hours passed with Strider telling tales of old; the moon had risen over the crest of the hill before the flow of his voice came to a halt. Sam and Merry left the firelight to relieve themselves, but Frodo remained in his seat despite the need to stretch his legs. A cold feeling of dread and foreboding clutched his heart now that Strider was silent. He shuddered; he would not leave the dell for all the coin in Middle-Earth. His feeling proved true moments later when first Sam, then Merry returned, their faces ashen. Dark figures were creeping up the slope. Their small camp surged into motion, Strider issuing orders and the hobbits stumbling to obey. Then they waited, growing more tense with every passing second, their eyes straining to peer through the darkness. The shadows lengthened and grew, until the approaching figures were unmistakable outlines in the moonlight. Frodo knew not what the others did; his own terror blinded him to all else but the frightful shadows and the sudden, unreasoning desire to put on the Ring. He remembered Gandalf's warning and resisted the impulse, but it so strongly persisted that he was at last compelled to slide the band onto his finger. In an instant, all was terribly clear and he stared with horror and fascination upon the tall white figures that steadily advanced. On an impulse, he drew his sword. The overriding command to put on the Ring now gave way to an equally strident urge: flee! He slowly withdrew, edging around the fire with small, careful steps, watching his pursuers all the while. Frodo was next to the fire, and would soon be beyond it; he didn't care to singe his wings by trying to fly too close to the fire. A few more steps and he readied himself for flight. He'd never flown with a cloak on before, but he'd just have to hope it would work. A powerful downstroke and he was off the ground, and for a moment he thought he was free. The illusion was shattered when he stopped suddenly, as if frozen in place. With a sickening dread he faced the tallest opponent, who bore a knife and a sword and wore a crown on his helm. The arm that held the sword was pointed straight at him, though the sword had vanished, and Frodo realized he was being restrained by that simple gesture. He wildly swung his sword at the outstretched arm and cried, "Oh Elbereth! Gilthoniel!" The knife sank into his shoulder. Blinding pain did not keep him from seeing his adversary turning away, and then he was falling. Frodo crumpled to the ground, awkwardly landing on wing and limb. With effort, he pulled the Ring from his hand and, clutching it tightly, he knew no more. Sam found Frodo first. He must have cried out when he did so, because his master's cousins were at his side a moment later. "He tried to fly?" Pippin asked incredulously. Sam shrugged indifferently as he patted Frodo's face gently, trying to rouse him. Merry answered, "Seems like it, Pip. But we need to get these put away before Strider sees them." Sam could just barely discern the tweenager's nod in the darkness outside the campfire's circle of light. All hobbits, from the time they are very young, are cautioned to be protective of their wings once they grow them, and are told stories of the unfortunate souls who flaunted their wings in the presence of Big Folk and suffered for it. Some were kidnapped and made to entertain their captors with acrobatic flight tricks, while others were tortured by curious Men who wanted to see what wings were like and if they could come off. It was enough to frighten a hobbit near senseless, and while Sam didn't think Strider was the type who'd do such things, he was still suspicious of the Man and was relieved the cousins were, too. Merry and Pippin had shifted Frodo carefully to get the wings out of the way, and in so doing, found the still-bleeding wound in Frodo's shoulder. As they tucked Frodo's cloak over his wings, Sam finally called, "Strider, we've found 'him. He's hurt." The Man's tall shape moved in front of the fire and his voice said, "Good. Pick him up and bring him near the fire. I will return." But he didn't, not for a long while. Frodo woke up in the meantime, disoriented and babbling about a pale king. Sam answered his questions while Merry kept him still, pressing a cloth carefully against the wound to staunch the bleeding. Pippin hovered anxiously near the huddle, unable to sit still or stand in one place for long, much to Frodo's wan amusement. When Strider finally returned, he thoroughly questioned Frodo about the attack and grew solemn at Frodo's responses, though the others noted Frodo said nothing of his attempted flight. The Man then instructed Merry and Pippin to fetch water and warm it by the fire while he pulled Sam aside and spoke to him in low tones. Merry watched with anxiety, his stomach knotting painfully as he saw the terror and devastation on the gardener's face, and he had to force himself not to go and give that Man a piece of his mind. Why wasn't he being told the news? He was family! But at least Sam could be counted on to tell all. He would just have to bide his time. The opportunity came sooner than he expected, since Strider was up and gone again as soon as he was finished with Sam, who returned to the group with a tear-streaked face that he tried ineffectually to wipe with his sleeve. Sam wordlessly assisted with the heating water, helping Pippin carefully move a warmed pan nearer to Frodo while Merry gingerly pulled the blood-encrusted fabric away from the wound, wary of further paining Frodo, who lay in wide-eyed, white-lipped silence. The first touches of the water on the wound were difficult -Pippin had been holding Frodo's hand to reassure his older cousin and nearly ended up with crushed fingers for it- but once the worst of the blood was gone and the warmth began to work its way inward, Frodo visibly relaxed, as did the other three. Merry saw his chance, and once he'd laid a cloth on the wound to warm the shoulder, he took it. "Sam, what did Strider tell you?" Sam looked startled, then glanced guiltily down at Frodo, shifted uncomfortably, and opened his mouth to speak. Frodo cut him off before he could begin. "No, don't. I trust Strider had a reason not to speak of it in my hearing. And, really, I just don't want to know. Now, will one of you help me up? I think I landed badly on my wing and I want to take a look at it." Merry eyed him doubtfully. "We'll help you sit up, and I'll check your wing. Just so you don't hurt yourself further." Frodo sighed, but nodded reluctantly, and Merry took a moment how it should work. "Pippin, get his right side, and Sam, get the left and make sure he doesn't start bleeding again. I'll lift from the back." It took them several minutes to get him up and settled; sitting up made Frodo a bit lightheaded, and he had to lean on Pippin to stay upright. "You're heavier than you look, cousin," Merry teased. "Now can you open up for me? Or should I just do it?" "I can try," Frodo murmured, and bent his head in thought. The right wing moved according to his will, but the left... he could move it a bit, but it was painful, and it didn't want to move quite right. "Mr. Merry, sir-" Sam interjected. "Stop, Frodo," Merry ordered. "I can do the rest." He stepped between the drooping wings, and undid the back fastenings to get Frodo's shirt out of the way so he could see what he was doing. Taking a deep breath, he began by probing around the wing's base. Frodo stiffened, and Merry was nearly choked by feathers. He lightly smacked the back of Frodo's head. "Relax, or I can't do anything!" he chided. Frodo tried to relax, and his efforts were soon aided by the massaging feel of Merry's hands. Things went smoothly as Merry worked over the wing base, up the large bone, past the first joint, and started on the small bones. He stopped when he felt something not quite right, and from the sharp gasp, he knew Frodo felt it, too. Merry took a deep breath and let it out slowly. He hadn't expected to find anything and now that he had, he wasn't sure what to do. "Frodo," he ventured finally. "I'm sorry, but-" "I know. Just... do it," Frodo interrupted. Even so, Merry moved his attention to the end of the wing and its tiny bones, creeping up over the second joint and back to the small bones, to find the problem from the other direction. It hadn't disappeared in the meantime; Merry steeled himself and began probing. He remembered there were two bones here -just as in one's forearm- and he could feel one still whole, but the other... he could distinctly feel two ends. In the middle. Where there should just be solid bone. He gulped. He didn't need to be a healer to know it wasn't right and needed fixing if Frodo were to ever properly use the wing again. Without giving himself time to realize the pain he was inflicting on his poor cousin, without giving himself time to second-guess his instinctual decision, he wrapped one hand around each half of the broken bone and maneuvered the ends until they met in what seemed to be their normal position. Merry dropped his hands; they were shaking, and he felt almost faint. But what about Frodo? "Frodo, are you all right?" he asked anxiously as he came around to face