Author's Note: Hello. This is my first multichapter here, so I hope it's up to par. It's really cryptic at times and I hope I make sense. I'm also looking for a beta reader, so if anyone is interested then please let me know. Just a note: this is six years in the future. I mention it in the story, but I'm just stating it here again. Another Note: This shifts point of view from Leah's to Jake's. You will always know when the point of view changes. I always start the opening paragraph of Jake's point of view in bold. Leah's will always be regular, sans bold, sans italics. I hope this won't confuse anyone in the near future. Europa I ran out the yellow taxi cab once the hospital was in sight. Before I could reach the sliding doors to the entrance, the driver called out to me in an indigent yell. "Hey, Sugarlips!" He reached over the passenger seat and glared at me from the window, "you gotta fuckin' pay!" I looked back and tossed him a couple twenties that reached nowhere near the cab. "Keep the change, asshole," I spat and continued to run in the hospital. I ran up to the receptionist desk, the stench of death and carcass in the air gave my stomach a lurch. I slammed my palms on the desk and glared at the older woman with sea foam green eyes that reminded me of my mother with the worried glance she gave me. The familiar tingle when her eyes squinted slightly, glistening in the artificial lighting, but dark enough with the hue of worry and disappointment. My stomach constricted and the familiar sensation of guilt flooded my stomach. "Where is she?" I demanded. "I'm sorry, Honey. But you need to calm down, tell me the last name of the patient that you're trying to visit," the older woman with graying hair spoke softly and slow. Articulating each word with precision, slow enough only for a foreigner. "Clearwater," I spoke frantically. My fist clenching and unclenching periodically. She was moving too slow. She typed agonizingly slow into the computer screen. She looked up and gave me a reassuring smile, much like my mothers. "Okay Honey, I have a Clearwater for room 712. That'd be up the elevator t-" I back away slowly, her words processing slower than what my mind was moving. Before she could finish giving me the directions. I muttered an incoherent 'thank you'; slurred enough to be a drunk man's speech. Ignoring the looks passerby's giving me. I turned around and ran to the elevator, rapidly pushing the up button. Tears threatening to fall down with every passing thought of my mother on the hospital bed. "Come on, you fucking elevator," I sputtered out, still punching the up button. The doors open and I ran inside, bumping into the people who were exiting. A few murmurs of, "rude bitch" and "asshole" were heard, but quickly ignored. I punched the 7 button and ran my fingers through my ragged hair cut that was uneven and frayed on the ends. I griped the strands and tugged. Desperate to feel anything other than guilt and sorrow that pours through my mouth and spills on my skin. Just as the doors were closing, a man squeezed his way in with a bouquet of flowers in his hand. The delicate smell of lilies and baby's breath engulfed the air around us and encased my nose and held it captive. He spared me one cursory glance. With his eyes set like cameras, I could feel his beady eyes boring holes in my skin. Ignoring him, I brought a shaky hand to rub my runny nose and let the onslaught of tears mar my face. Memories of my mother and I rushing like feral waves of a tide in my mind. I hiccupped and placed my hand over my mouth to muffle my sobs; choking on hot saliva. With a blurry vision enough to be a blind man's sight, I watched as the elevator moved with slow precision, stopping periodically at each level to welcome newcomers. Tapping my foot impatiently and promptly ignoring everyone's stare, I watched as the light hovered over the number 7 pronouncing that I've reached my level. Once the elevator dinged, I ran out of the elevator, bumping into a family and stumbling over a kid with pig tails, clutching a stuffed animal that looked like a bunny by the ears. Frantically, I looked between the hallways, digesting which way to go. Which way my mother was on the hospital bed. A skeptical nurse came up to me with deep brown eyes, black hair in a pony tail, and with caramel skin. Coking her head to the side, her questions fell upon deaf ears. My mind running away with me with each glance I took to the different hallways. My eyes dancing a frantic and desperate dance around the room, searching for a sign that could lead me to room 712. "Miss! I'm sorry, but you can't be up here if you don't have a visitors pass! Miss. Miss ?" I glanced at her and dashed to the right, running pass door after door. "703, 704, 705... 712" I murmured to myself as I ran like a maniac down the pale white halls, the draft of antiseptic and the haunting smell of death filled my blackened lungs. I came to an abrupt stop, inches away from running into the door frame. From the doorway of the ICU room 712, I could see everyone that I was desperately trying to escape. Ignoring the looks that everyone gave me, my eyes walked to the bed that my mother was currently on. Noticing the stillness of the room, she slowly turned her head. Instantly when her eyes met mine, her eyes widened, tears pooling in her eyes waiting for the dam to break. My heart cracked when I saw the state my mother was in, black and blue bruises stained her once beautiful, flawless, russet skin, bones on the brink of breaking, but her eyes. Her eyes that once used to be full of life, were slowly dying away with each tainted oxygen she inhales in this hospital. Death was two blocks away and she left her door open with a nice apple pie in the window seal. I robotically walked over to her bed. She slowly opened the palm of her hand, beckoning me. Dropping to my knees ungracefully in front of her, I buried my head in the white sheets that smelled like ammonia and detergent. Fisting the sheets, I cried. "We are all in one or another selfish machines. In no way is this a negative thing, its human nature. We all have natural tendencies to want, love, and take. When it comes down to it, humans have animal like qualities that we keep inside and even try to deny-but no matter how morally good someone may think they are or try to be, we are all still humans..." Vic Fuentes And I cried. I looked up to my mom and wailed. I felt her wrinkled and frail hands creep into mine. I squeezed her hands and she weakly squeezed mine in return. Even her strength was dying. A once strong woman, now held the grip of a toddler. I met her eyes and for once, her eyes held no disappointment, but love. The type a love a mother can only show her daughter. "Mommy!" I wailed, resounding off the walls, echoing like a bitter funeral chorus. I whined her name over and over. Burning her name in my mind. Scarring the onlookers that were family and friends. The mood in the room darkened and a fog thick enough to suffocate everyone. Sorrow even showed up very nicely in her finest red cocktail dress. My mom smiled wistfully and with a hoarse voice, she spoke to me. "Leah, baby, I thought I would never see you again," she said with tears streaming down her face. Sadness danced with love in her eyes to a melancholy tune for the forsaken twenty-seven year old woman in front of her, I painfully acknowledged that woman as me. I broke down. Guilt washed over me and suddenly, there was too much oxygen and it became hard to breathe. "I'm so sorry," I wailed, shaking my head, tears flying down my face, "mommy, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry, please , I'm so sorry." In the background, I could hear the faint noise of a chair scuffing the cheap white and blue tiles. I could see a figure approach me from my peripheral. I felt a strong, firm hand, grip my shoulder and I looked up to see my brother. My beautiful, baby brother. He gave me a small smile that didn't reach eyes that used to outshine the sun. I sniffled and rubbed my nose with the back of my hand. He held his hand out for me to take and I grasped it and let him pull me up. He nodded his head to the door, silently asking me to go out there with him. Stealing one last look at my mother, I lead the way outside the door and waited until Seth followed me out, waiting for the click of the door closing. We stood there in an awkward silence. Six years of distant emails and shitty letters goes a long way. He looked so much older than twenty-two. He looked harden beyond his years, looking more of a man who just came from war, than a young man in the prime of his life. He was buffer. He didn't smile and he surely wasn't naïve little Seth anymore. I don't even know the stranger in front of me. "Lee," he breathed before he lunged himself in my arms. His long arms encasing me in his warmth. I immediately hugged him with all the force I had. I buried my face in his chest and felt hot tears spurring down my face into his shirt. "I missed you, Leah," he said backing up out of the hug. I rubbed my face ridding the offending tears and nodded. "I missed you, too, Sethy Poo," he scoffed. "Stop calling me that," a pause, "ma missed you, too," another pause. A sigh. A scuff of his heel on the cheap tile floor. "Everyone on the res missed you. A lot has changed since you left. People aren't the same since you left." Not even me - words that went without saying. "I'm sorry I left you. I would have taken you with me, but you didn't want to come and- and- and-" I stopped, "Why didn't you want to come? I would have taken care of you, you wouldn't have to live in this Hell hole." "I know. " An awkward silence. "Mom isn't going to make it, the doctors said that the seizure was cause by blood clots in her brain. The stroke was too much for her to withstand." "How much longer?" I asked softly. "If she's lucky, tomorrow," he shrugged his shoulders noncommittally. I ran my fingers through my hair for the second time today. I nodded, not fully comprehending, but understanding enough to know that my mom was dying by the second. "Excuse me," we turned around and faced a middle-aged man with a white coat on, whom was clearly my mother's doctor. I looked at the blue, cursive embroidery above his left chest pocket that read: Dr. C. Cullen. He gave a friendly smile and held his hand out towards me. I took it and I firmly shook his hand. "I don't believe we've met." "I'm Leah Clearwater, I'm her daughter," he nodded and smiled once again. "Dr. Cullen. I understand that you two are Mrs. Clearwater's only family left?" Seth and I nodded and waited for the man to continue what he was saying. "Your mother is really frail for her