Author's Note: I got a lot of writers block, still trying to write my other story, Europa, but I figured I could write this oneshot and get some of these writer's juices flowing. Borderline He had never seen her before this moment. She was dark, mysterious, and tall. Her black hair was short which was something that intrigued him. She was posted up in the corner of the club with a small drink in her hand. It didn't look like she was there anyone else. Her eyes scanned the room around her. Almost as if she was judging everyone that was in the room. The music was blaring and her hips swayed ever so slightly as she sipped her drink and looked. He was so captivated by her. He needed to know her name. He needed to talk to her, he found himself wondering what her voice sounded like and how her hips would feel against his pelvis, gyrating to the vulgar music, and egging on an erection. He watched as her eyes landed on his and he realized she caught him staring at her. Her eyes bore through his and with no emotion in her eyes, she turned her gaze and minded her business. She swallowed the last bit of her drink and turned on her heel. With his back against the bar, he could feel people nudge him trying to order their drinks and shout in his ear trying to get the bartender's attention, however, none of this could deter his focus on the tall, amazonian beauty he was so fixated on. He tried to conjure up ways to go up to her and speak, but none of them sounded good enough. His thoughts could only stray to her russet flesh against his, sweaty, and yearning. He was lusting for her in the middle of the club and he had no care. Everything else be damned. He forgot about everything else in his life, the only care in his world was getting her attention. He was desperate, sure. But, it would be worth it. The gratification of at least knowing her name would be enough pleasure for one night. Getting her number would only be a climax. On a limb, he turned to the bartender and waved his hand in the air, signaling him for another round of his Hen and Coke. He needed just one more round of liquid courage before he sealed his fate for the night. When he came to the club out on whim tonight, he wasn't planning on being on the prowl like this. He never chased, he had no need to. He was satisfied with his life and was comfortable. He had zero intentions of coming for the females, just some liquor and music and a break away from home. The bartender slid him his cup and he swiftly took it in his hands and took the cool liquid to his lips and downed what little was in the small cup. He looked back over his shoulder in the same spot he last saw her in and saw her on her phone, idly watching it and looking bored with herself and her surroundings. He knew he had to move quick, his time was running short before she just walked right out the club. He turned back to the bar and fished out some singles from his back pocket and placed them on the bar. He took in a deep breath and ran a hand through his cropped black hair and turned to make a beeline to the dark goddess brooding in the back of the club. He had no idea what he was going to say to her, he was running off of impulse and impulse alone. What was rationality to him at this very moment? As if she sensed someone approaching her, she slowly lifted her gaze and stared deadpannedly at him. She folded her arms as she carefully watched him approach her. She looked him up and down unapologetically and only a slight arch in her brow gave away the slightest indication that she was remotely interested in what he was about to say to her. It was only up close that he saw the way her eyes glimmered in the dim lighting. He could smell her perfume. Was it vanilla? Or jasmine? He saw the way her little black dress clung to her body. It was shorter on her than the average girl because of her height, but he only thought it enhanced her presence even more. She was tall, yes, but still shorter than him, but only by a head or so. He wasn't used to being so eye level with a female, that it only attracted him more to her. She was looking at him expectantly, waiting for him to open his mouth because he was the one who walked up to her. "You looked lonely," was all he could muster out of his mouth and he slick berated himself for not sounding more suave. "So, you were looking," was her quick reply and he smirked. He didn't know that it would be this very moment that would change their entire night. "I couldn't help myself. No other female looks as stunning as you in here, so it wasn't very hard, I guess." "I saw you," she said with a twinkle in her eye, borderline mischievous as she looked him up and down again, "I was wondering when you were going to come over here." She breathed. And God, did he love her voice. It was deep and soothing, playful with some sass and he found himself wanting to talk to her all night just to hear her voice. He smiled. "Do you want a drink?" He asked and she rolled her eyes playfully. "If another guy offers me a drink, I think I might be drunk enough for one of these geezers to have their way with me," she laughed and he had never heard anything more beautiful. It was loud in the club, yet all he could hear was her. He was so focused on her. He saw her jawline, her collarbone, and his vulgar thoughts came rushing back into his small brain. "Well, how about we just dance," he said with a cheeky smile and she looked him in his eyes, and as the strobe light flared in the club he could see the hazel specks in her eyes. He was enchanted. She grabbed him by his hand and led him to the dance floor. She gave a cursory glance behind her at him and gave that smirk of hers that promised mischief. And he was ready for whatever she had in mind. She stopped in the middle of the dance floor and backed into him ever so slightly, just so he could feel the graze of her ass on his pelvis. He gripped her waist as she started to gyrate to the beat of the music. It wasn't a slow song, but it was paced just right. She slowly grinded with him on the dance floor and straightened her back to press it against his chest. He leaned in dangerously close to her neck and breathed in her scent. It was driving him wild. The Hen and Coke was dangerously playing with his sobriety and he could feel his body warm up. He knew well that it also had a lot to do with the woman that was pressed against him very firmly. They swayed to the music as their bodies flirted with each other. Occasionally stealing glances at each other with promises for a fun night ahead of them. He gently slid his hand down her leg and she placed her hand on top of his as he did so, never stopping him, but encouraging him. He silently wondered to himself how many drinks had she had tonight and if she was as hot as he was at this very moment. She turned around abruptly so her face was inches from his and leaned to whisper in his ear. "Wanna go outside for some air?" Her hot breath tickled his ear and he didn't say anything just nodded his head and took her hand in his, this time admiring the way her soft hand felt inside of his, and led her outside the raging night club. Bumping into people and saying sorry and excuse me when needed. He really had no other care as to if he really offended anyone while leaving the club, just what his next move will be with the black haired woman he found himself accompanied by tonight. Once outside, they were hit with a cool breeze. They had accumulated some sweat by being in the middle of the club dancing, but neither spoke on it or gave it any attention. They stood against the brick exterior side by side, hairs length apart. She was breathing kind of heavily and he rested his head against the brick. The liquor making its way to his head and the world started to get blurry and spin. She looked up at him and said nothing, just analyzing him and his face. He wanted to turn his head to look into those hazel eyes, but he was too busy trying to concentrate and slow the process of being inebriated down. "What are you doing after this?" She asked as she continued to look at him, her voice dropped to a sultry tone and he knew what she was implying. He finally turned his head to look into her eyes and God, he was so enchanted by her. She was so beautiful. She was smirking at him and something about her was so devilish that he couldn't get enough. He wanted to spend as much time with her tonight as he possibly could. She rested her head against the brick cooly and sighed pleasantly. "Whatever you're doing tonight," he answered and it must have sounded good because her eyes twinkled and she turned to face him again. Taking his hands in hers once again she led him in the parking lot. He zoned out on how fast they were walking or even where, all he could focus on was her ass in that dress and how shapely it looked. He wanted to palm it and cup it in his hands. He knew it was soft. He could only imagine it being as soft as her hands. He couldn't wait to undress her. He was dying to see what she looked like under the dress. Her long legs were so shapely and smooth that it was the utmost tease for where those legs led up to. They stopped at a little red coupe and she walked over to the drivers side, her eyes never left him and he knew that she wanted him as bad as he wanted her. The tension that was slowing building between them became present at that very moment. He swiftly opened the door and slid into the passenger. He watched as she keyed the ignition and buckled in and set off to their next destination. He didn't care where she took him, if he had to be honest with himself, he just knew that he wasn't ready to go home any time soon. She effectively pulled off and drove off. She had one hand clutching the gearshift and the other on the steering wheel. Her focus on the road ahead and ever so often she would steal a glance his way. Those eyes of hers. He wanted to fall into a pool of them. He took his left hand to rest on her upper thigh. He thought he heard her breath hitch, but he knew he was intoxicated. She didn't say anything nor did she move his hand so he took it as a good sign. He trailed his hand up her thigh to where heat was radiating to be delightfully pleased to feel no fabric under her dress.