And it is back! IMPORTANT IF YOU'RE GOING TO READ THIS FANFIC : This is a fanfiction, obviously, so the characters does not have to be exactly like in the twilight series (though the vamps look like they do in twilight). Neither is there going to be any long notes like this one, unless I have to say something important o.o This is also a rewrite of my original QOTV. I really saw it necessary when I went through it yesterday, I mean, my English sucked like hell (sure I was 15 and I'm from Norway) but I know that it's much better now, haha, kinda obvious (almost 20 now). But still I am apologizing for any grammar mistakes that might occur beforehand. So you do know I am aware. I hope that you as a reader will like this fanfic and if you read my original QOTV I hope you will like this version much more (I sure do). I'm almost finished as well so no abandoning and super slow writing, I am motivated ;) But I was thinking along a weekly update so I can go through the chapter at least once before posting. You might find this version different from the original one, and I'm just saying, it was needed! Also if you have not read the original QOTV I recommend to never do it either. For those who have, you might realize in the start that some few things are more or less the same, but from chap2/3 it will head its own way. Also my previous penname was twilightamanda , just saying this now, so no confusion, I've switched, and I'm not saying it again, lol. It is still stuck on the bottom on some of my stories. Anyway, Enjoy! Chapter 1: Bella's POV I am the leader of the Volturi. The Queen of Vampires. Isabella Marie Volturi. My father's name is Aro and my mother's name is Sulpicia. I was changed before them – when I was eighteen – however I always followed them from the shadows. You might not think that is possible for a newborn vampire. Nevertheless, I could. I was immune to human blood from the very beginning. I know I am the chosen one, which means I have every power possible for a vampire to have. I can eat my favorite human food, as well as that I live on animal blood. The human food changes into venom. Quite handy, or so I think. But the best part is my mental and physical shield that, well, shields me at all times. And if I want to move them, especially the mental one, it takes effort. While my physical shield is laying just above my skin, so I cannot be destroyed. So I watched my parents, either close to our old home, or from Volterra. However, everything really began a day that started with fire. My uncles, Caius and Marcus was visiting with their wives – my aunts – Athenodora and Didyme. A fire had started in the kitchen, and I noticed too late. When I managed to get them all out, I could only save them by changing them. Which I did. I bit them and teleported back to the castle in Volterra. To say the least I was glad that I was already in charge and had my own guard when I arrived. If not I might have ended up in trouble. Then three days later, I removed their thirst and made them immune to human blood as well. They practically skipped the newborn stage. My father had gray eyes instead of red; while his brothers both had green instead of red (genes are a funny thing). My father and I came to a disagreement. He wanted me to stay as a princess when I was already the Queen, while him and Marcus and Caius took over as Kings. I did share my spot, but I did not waver. I would not hide in the background, behind my father. It also helped that I'm fairly strong – stronger than them – so they didn't exactly want to get killed. All in all we're four rulers of the vampire race, even though I'm the one that has been on most missions. It is easier, but boring. Having so many powers, being able to kill someone with just a flick of your fingers. My physical shield could wrap around a person – vampire – and then I could move it so that person was ripped into pieces within seconds. I sighed. It was a day like this I wished I could die. A day when everything you saw was utterly horrible. But the worst was the bodies of the immortal children, burning. For the first time I really understood why my father meant that all the immortal children had to be destroyed. They were never in control, and they would never be, though at the same time that is a lie. I could take away their bloodlust, make them control their thirst, but what life would that be? They have to die along with their creator, so other vampires learn and do not dare to do the same. Adorable, cute – I could go on – children should not be changed. At all. They should have a chance to grow up and live their lives. My only question to the creators: Why? Why did you do it? And to this female vampire in question the answer was easily found in her head. She wanted to destroy the Volturi. Gain power. She thought that creating an army of immortal children would help her with that. Then my second problem. A little girl, maybe four years old. Hair like bronze, heart shaped face, and lips like mine – well cuter – and wide red eyes, she was staring at me. She really looked a lot like me . A vision brought me out of my staring for just a moment. I saw a man. Supposedly my mate. I blinked and shook my head. Then I leaned forward and she raised her left arm. Curiously I took her hand. She showed me her human parents. Both blondes. Female had green eyes and the male had blue. They were not alike her at all. As if fate had played with her genes and they fated her to meet me. As if she was meant to be mine, but since I died so early I never had the chance… and my mate, he was supposed to be her father. She was meant to be our child. I scooped her up in my arms and took away her bloodlust so she would be immune, making her eye color change into how they had been when she was human. They were brown, like mine! Exactly like mine, to make a point. I teleported back to the castle with her in my arms – into the throne room. Several gasps could be heard and I flinched. Oh great . "Let me explain!" I hurriedly said and turned to my father and uncles. The three of them were standing, confusion written all over their faces. "You do not understand why I let one live, right?" I asked, calming down. They nodded in perfect sync. To be honest I had to keep from laughing. "Can you see how much she resembles me?" They got a closer look as I turned her a bit towards them and their eyes widened. "But at the same time not quite like me…there is also a man, in my future. My mate. And he is her supposed father," I explained rather excited. "But how?" my father asked. I simply said, "Magic." My father raised a brow. "Er…if I and this man had met as humans, we would have gotten this child. However, that cannot happen since I'm a vampire. So fate decided to make two humans be sort of holders, they were nothing alike this child, so I could eventually find her, oooor something like that. Ehe… Buuut this woman – vampire – changed her, and I found her as an immortal child, but she is meant to be mine. It's destiny!" I said in a soft tone. They looked to be thinking, but we all knew I had won. It was no going against the strongest vampire. "I approve," my father said slowly. I smiled. I had read their thoughts, so I already knew, but to keep up appearances… My uncles nodded as well and I squealed happily. "Tell this to mother and my aunts!" I called as I raced out of the throne room and headed straight for my own room – tower. My tower had four floors. When you walked in the door that lead into the tower, you looked straight towards stairs. Behind it, you could see things I needed to make my own clothes with, like fabric and needles, thread… I could go on. But it was all because I hate to go shopping, and I mean it! Then as well it is my music room. The second floor of my tower is filled with books. My own personal library. As well as a game room. Third floor: My giant walk-in-closet with all my dresses (that I made) and well, clothing (that I made as well). Fourth floor: My bedroom! As well as a nice bathroom. I went straight to my bedroom and placed Renesmee – yep I had already named her – on my Queen sized bed, so she could sleep. I used my sleeping powers on her so she fell asleep at once, also giving her the gift to be able to sleep. "My little Renesmee," I whispered and kissed her forehead. Then I walked one floor down to my closet. I changed into a red dress (imagine Lolita Goth Victorian style on the dress) and while changing I realized something. Renesmee would need toys, her own clothing and Jane as well as Heidi would be the perfect ones for the job. After all the two of them love shopping. I guess I have to admit something. Due to my future seeing we are much more modern than the rest of the people and creatures out in the world to be living in the 1800s. I guess we were pretty special, at least humans that became food to the guard thought as such whenever they entered the castle. So yeah, the guard still live on human blood. But I leave it up to choice. Whether you stay to the original diet or if you choose another path. I heard a knock from the first floor. "Come in!" I yelled. Knowing whoever it was would be perfectly able to hear me even with a normal voice. Jane was by my side within seconds. "We have a guest. Carlisle Cullen. He is a vegetarian and has been since he was changed. He works as a doctor for the humans and has amazing self-control. Aro wants you to meet him. The Kings left to hunt. Oh, and by the way, Heidi is coming with our food, so I said you would go to his room and take him for a walk or something." She was talking so fast that I barely kept up. With humor clear in my tone I said, "Thank you, Jane." "You're welcome my Queen." I rolled my eyes by the use of 'my Queen'. Ugh, she just knew exactly how to annoy me. But at the same time she knew to be just about careful enough to not piss me off. I teleported to Carlisle's room and started to laugh when he jumped in surprise. "Hello, Carlisle. I am Bella," I said and reached out my hand. "It is a pleasure to meet you, Bella. Your father has told me a lot about you," he said and shook my hand briefly, followed by a smile. "I hope nothing bad." "Not at all. Just some of the rules. That