Enjoy the story. I do not own twilight or any of its characters. Chapter 1: It was a day like this I wished I could die, a day when everything is horrible. But the worst thing I saw was the bodies from the immortal children – burning. I am the leader of the Volturi. The queen of vampires. Isabella Marie Volturi. My father's name is Aro and my mother is Sulpicia. I was changed before them (when I was eighteen), but I always followed them around. You don't think that is possible for a newborn, but I could, because I am the chosen one and a vegetarian vampire. It was automatic when I am the chosen one that you become immune to human blood. I only drink from animals, and I can eat my favourite human food, it will become more venom. But my mom and dad could never see me, I always sat in a tree nearby or I watched them from Volterra with one of my powers. I have every power possible for a vampire, and the best, my physical and mental shield that it always shielding me. It takes a lot of concentration to move it if I want someone to read my mind or something like that. And my physical shield is handy. I can't be destroyed with it always on the top of my skin. But everything really began a day when my mom and dad had my two uncles Marcus and Caius, my two aunts Athenodora and Didyme on visit. A fire started in the kitchen. I managed to get them all out, but the only way they could survive was to change them. So I bit them and teleported back to the castle in Volterra. It was a good thing I already had a guard, and that I already were ruling, if not I could come into trouble. Three long days and when they woke up I took away their blood lust and did them immune to human blood, and I also removed the newborn stage you can say. They were perfectly in control. Aro, Marcus and Caius became kings, and Aro wanted me to be a princess. But I didn't want that, so I stayed queen, and the others couldn't say anything because they knew how strong I was – am, and they didn't want to be killed. So we are four rulers you can say, and I am the one that has been on the most missions. It's easier, but boring. I usually go alone because in a second I can kill you, with just one click with my fingers. I just wrap you in a shield and click my finger, and voilà, you're dead. And now, for the first time I understand why my father wants to destroy all the immortal children. They're not in control, but I can fix that. It's just wrong. They have to die with their creator because other vampires have to learn, that cute children should not be changed. They deserve to grow up, have a life. My only question to the creator is: Why did you do it? They can't controls, and still… This woman's answer was in her head. She wanted to destroy the Volturi, she wanted power, and she thought that creating an army would help to destroy us (destroy the Volturi). Poor, poor children. But my problem now is that a little girl – on maybe four years old, with bronze collared hair, a heart shaped face, and lisps like mine just cuter and red eyes – was looking right up at me with big eyes. She looked a lot like me! And a man I suddenly saw in the future. He is my mate! I touched her hand and saw her human parents. They were both blonds and both with green eyes. They weren't like this child at all. Like it was a meaning she would meet me. Like she was really mine, but since I'm not human they got her for me. And my mate, he was the father. She was meant to be our child. I scooped her up in my arms – took away her blood lust – she was immune – and suddenly I looked into her big brown eyes exactly like mine . A plus with my powers I must admit. You get your human eyes when you become immune to human blood. I teleported back to the castle – into the throne room – just to hear a lot off gasps. "Let me explain," I said and turned to my father and my uncles. "You don't understand why I let one live, right?" They nodded. "Well, see how like me she is." The looked and their eyes got huge. "But not quite like me. Also a man... A man I saw in the future. My mate ," I said with excitement. "But how?" my father asked. "Magic. Like if I and this man had met as humans, we would have got this child, this cute little girl. But that can't happen because I'm a vampire. So, two blondes got this child that weren't alike them at all, so I could find her. Something like that I think. But this woman changed her, so it would be easier for me, to find her. It's destiny. She is meant to be mine," I said in a soft voice. They were thinking, but they knew I won (because if I become really angry, I would hurt them. Really bad). "I approve," my father said. I smiled. I knew it! Plus I had read their thoughts. My uncles nodded and I squealed happily. "Tell this to mum and my aunts!" I called when I raced out off the room and straight to my room, or I could say, my own tower with four floors. When you walked in the door you looked right on a staircase. But behind it you could see things I needed to make my own clothes with. I hate to go shopping. Plus I have a music room there. The second floor is filled with books; you can say my own library. And I have a game room there. Third floor: My giant walk-in-closet. Fourth floor: My bedroom and a bathroom. So I raced up to my bedroom and let Renesmee down on my huge queen size bed so she could sleep. I just used my sleeping power on her. She fell asleep at once. "My little Renesmee," I whispered and kissed her forehead. Then I walked down to my wardrobe and changed to a red dress. Suddenly I got an idea. I needed to buy Renesmee toys, and Jane and Heidi would be the perfect choice. They love shopping. I have to say. To be in the early 1800 we are more modern because of my future seeing. When a human came because of the guard, they were always fascinated. We were always greeting them, but we left the room when the guard began feeding. Then I heard a knock on my door at the first floor. "Come in!" I answered the knock. Jane was by my side within seconds. "We have a visitor. Carlisle Cullen. He is a vegetarian and has been it since he was changed. He works like a doctor, and has an amazing self control. Aro wants you to meet him. The kings left to hunt. By the way Heidi is soon coming with our food, so I said you would go to Carlisle's room and take him on a walk or something." Jane was talking so fast that I had a hard time keeping up. "Thank you, Jane," I said. "You're welcome my queen." I rolled my eyes when she called me queen. Ugh. She just had to annoy me. And that's how I ended up killing Tanya and Kate not too long ago. So Jane knew how to be careful. I teleported to this Carlisle's room, and laughed when he jumped in shock. "Hi, Carlisle, I am Bella." "Hello, Bella. Your father has told me a lot about you," he said and smiled. "Not bad things I hope." "No. Just some of the rules, and that you saved them a long time ago. But I have to ask- Why aren't your guard vegetarians if you are?" he asked curious. "Well, because they had a choice, and they wanted human blood. They wanted to be as much vampire you could be. And after all, they are our guard, so we need them as strong as we can get them. Well, only in case I'm not here, and I really like to travel around." "Oh, I see." "It can be really depressing you know. Being in the castle all the time… Carlisle? Would you like to take a walk with me in the garden?" "Yes, thank you." We walked in the garden for hours, and I told him about the few rules we have. He seemed really fascinated with the tales of the immortal children and the wars in the south between the vampires. I told him about mythical creatures that existed and what powers they have. Then I told him about my powers and how I had seen my mate. Carlisle thanked me for the walk and was deep in thought when I left for my little Renesmee. She was sitting up and crying when I came up. "Mommy," she whimpered when she saw me. I smiled a beautiful smile – jumped into the bed and hugged her close. I held her in my arms because I wanted to show her to Carlisle. So when I stood in front of his door knocking and he opened – just to gape. I grinned. "Carlisle, this is my Renesmee. The only immortal child that is allowed to exist. Want to know why?" "Y-yes p-please," he stammered. I walked in and sat down on his bed. And then I told him the same thing I told Aro, Marcus and Caius. "Before I go, I have to ask. Do you want to be perfectly immune to human blood?" I asked. "Yes, thank you so much. It will be easier to be a doctor." Then I concentrated, and when he opened his eyes again they were so blue. Like the ocean. I grinned again. "Look in the mirror uncle Carlisle," I whispered and hugged him before I teleported to the throne room. They were done feeding and everything was clean. Aro, Marcus and Caius were back on their thrones with big smiles. Aro's grey eyes were shining, Marcus and Caius's (green eyes) was filled with interest. (They are brothers, but Aro got my grandpa's eyes, and my uncles got grandmas, ha-ha.) "Queen Isabella!" Alec said happily and I rolled my eyes, and that got Jane to laugh. "Hello, Aro, Marcus, Caius," I said. Ignoring Alec like usual. I sat down on my throne with Renesmee on my lap – singing to her. I didn't even think about that it soon would be my birthday. I become three thousand and twenty-five years. Jane had planned this huge party, but Renesmee got me to forget it. Thank Goddess for that. Not even ten minutes had gone when a laughing Felix walked in with a man behind him. "Felix, what is this?" I asked. "My queen. This is Edmund. He wants to die," Felix said. "Why?" I asked. Then I wrapped my shield around this Edmund and got him to stand in front of us. "My mate was killed. I can't live without her. She was my everything," Edmund said. "I understand. How long were you together before she died? Who killed her?" I asked in a soft voice. "Hundred and fifty years old, my lady. And it was a tracker named James and his mate Victoria that killed her. I was able to kill James, but Victoria has a power to escape. I think. And she is pretty fast." "Not faster than Isabella," Caius said