ALTERNATEREALITY (M) "Evil Ella" AN: This story will only make sense if you've read my other fan-fic. I just wanted to see how much of a bad-ass Ella could be. Sometimes it just feels so good to be so bad. It starts fairly early in ' The Return of the King' , and from there, it completely rewrites LOTR history. Songs from Christina Aguilera's 'Stripped' and Evanescence were the inspiration for this story. (I'm OK) " It hurt me to see the pain across my mother's face, every time my father's fist would put her in her place." Ella saw the woman from before, screaming and crying as Sauron's guards held her back. She saw a man forced to his knees, as a Sauron, in a fair, human form he'd had many centuries before, heated a sword on a forge. The sword was rested on the man's bare chest, causing him to cry out in pain, before the sword was slowly forced towards his heart, giving him a torturously slow death. The woman sunk to her knees, tears streaming down her face as the man died. Ella recognised the pain she felt from when she saved Haldir, she'd been feeling this man's wounds. The guards left the woman sobbing on the floor, and exited the room, leaving her alone with their master. She crawled towards the man, touching his face lovingly, and Sauron watched, a silent snarl curling his lip. The woman pulled a locket from the clutches of the man's hand; she'd given it to him to give him courage before they were caught. She hurriedly tied the locket – Ella's locket! – Back around her neck before Sauron grabbed her from behind and ruthlessly shoved her into the pool of the man's blood. As though Ella weren't already distressed enough, she saw the Dark Lord of the Rings rape her mother before her own eyes. Back in the room, the others couldn't tear the Palantir from her fingers. She could barely hear them crying her name as red marks appeared on her throat, and she felt as though she were choking. Her eyesight returned to normal, but Sauron still had a hold of her. She felt herself being lifted up by her throat as her feet hung inches from the floor. The others desperately tried to pull her back down again. "You monster." She gasped to the Palantir. "That was my mother!" she raged. "She deserved it. You belong to me, and will either serve me willingly or in chains." The others heard Sauron say. Sauron sent her images of her leading his armies to bloody victory, the daughter who would make her father proud, or of her languishing in a dark cell, given to any of Sauron's generals that desired her. Ella's mind lingered on the images of her being a great war leader, given power and control. Sauron released her. The Palantir quieted and Gandalf was then able to take it from her and wrap it up again. He'd already seen to Pippin, who was uneasy and shaken, but otherwise fine. Ella sank into Legolas' waiting arms, and he comforted her while she knelt on her bedding, kissing her head and whispering to her. They both recognised the scene from their vision in Lothlorien. Ella woke from her memory of events that had happened over a year ago. It was the time when the seeds of evil had first been sown into her mind. She untangled herself from the general's arms who lay at her side, and walked, still unclothed, to the window in her tower. She looked down at the blackened land that seemed to spread right to the horizon. It wasn't her father's land quite yet, Aragorn and his Fellowship had escaped their clutches, and were hiding in the wilderness somewhere. Most of the Elves had abandoned Middle Earth for the Grey Havens, but the men remained, either rebels in hiding, part of Sauron's forces or as reluctant slaves. (Get mine, Get yours) "I want your body, not your heart." Ella returned to the bed. She sat down on the black satin sheets next to Mattson, her latest preference. He'd lasted almost two months, longer than all of the other men she'd discarded since joining her father's side. This one had imagination, and held her interest, which is why she still allowed him to think he had some sort of claim to her. She pulled her clothes on, smiling as Mattson murmured "Sharon." It had been her father's idea to change her name. 'Ella' seemed too sweet for the vicious and ruthless war-queen she had become. It also enforced the knowledge of whose daughter she was. She had grown in power, and was much more of a sorceress. She'd always held herself back before, for fear of hurting someone with her uncontrolled power. After she stopped caring, she had used it much more often. She learned to control it along the way, but that had come with practice, and many people had been hurt in the meantime. (Fighter) "Makes me that much stronger" She commanded her troops with an iron will, and they were the best of Sauron's forces. Being cruel came naturally to her, ever since her 'friends' had rejected her. At first she'd hidden her identity from them, but she decided to trust them with her secret. Horrified, they had driven her away as a traitor. Later, after getting over the shock of it, they came to their senses and realised that she'd been one of them, and had cared about them, but it was too late. Ella had already turned elsewhere for comfort, and her father immediately took her in and won her over. Sharon sat at her dresser, brushing her hair and pulling it back into a silver, emerald-studded clip. She then darkened her eyes with black eyeliner and coloured her eyelids silver. Her mouth was then painted black as well. Her trademark colours; black, green and silver. Then she pulled on her boots and started strapping on weapons. Mattson had woken by this point and lay there, propped up on one elbow, smiling playfully at her. Her eyes briefly ran over his well muscled frame – another reason she'd kept him for so long. Out of Sauron's human forces, Mattson was by far the most attractive. He was powerful himself, a dominant man on the field and off. He kept in shape by wrestling with one of his inferiors every now and then, usually damaging the poor soldier severely. It was a sport that Sharon herself had also come to enjoy, though she challenged herself by fighting with Orcs and even the impressive Uruk Hai in a special arena. She rarely came close to losing a fight, and if she thought she was going to lose then she'd just blast her opponent with magic. So far, after dozens of fights, she'd only done that twice. Once with a troll she'd almost beaten that had started biting. The second when an Uruk Hai cheated by having a companion sneak up on her to try to beat her. That was Sharon's first rule: One on One. The second was: no weapons. Third: No biting or clawing. Other than that, anything goes. She wasn't worried about getting hurt. None of Sauron's minions were allowed to kill her, or even to touch her without her permission outside the arena. At first she'd allowed minions the chance to kill her, and she was so good that none of them could. Her father soon put a stop to that, just in case. If her body was damaged in a fight, she'd just seize a nearby subordinate and kiss him, sucking his health into her body. She'd learned how to make her gift work both ways, and so she was never out of action for long. She hardly felt pain any more, her mind had become so disciplined. She declined Mattson's offer of another 'exotic wrestle' in the bed before starting the day - the man never seemed to want to stop! She grabbed her long black cloak and left the room to walk down the hall and down a stairway. She exited her tower – The Black Rose – and mounted her warhorse that was left outside. The first time she'd left it there, an orc had tried to use it for fresh meat. Sharon had arrived soon after the horse had kicked him away, and promptly disembowelled him, letting him suffer for hours before taking off his head and mounting it on a pike next to her horse's stable; a clear warning. No one dared touch her horse after that. She travelled to Barad-Dur, and climbed the tower. There, she entered a room marked with a fiery eye on a door. "Good morning father." She said. The figure at the desk turned. It was a man – Sharon and Saruman had managed to use the Ruling Ring to bring Sauron back into a complete human form. "Good morning Sharon." Sauron replied. He was tall, dark and sinisterly handsome, much like he had been when he'd fathered Sharon. "Who do I annihilate today?" Sharon asked. Her father snickered at her eagerness. "No one. You scheduled yourself an arena fight today, or did you forget?" "I thought you wanted me to have another look for rebels instead?" "General Mattson is covering it for today. You have your fun today and relieve him tomorrow." "I always have fun with what I do, father." She said with a grin. In a cave in the wild, the remaining Fellowship debated their next move. Gandalf, Aragorn, Boromir, Faramir, Gimli, Éomer, Haldir and Legolas sat around a table where a map of Middle Earth was placed, with giant crosses through Rohan and Minas Tirith, as both had fallen to the trio of Sauron, Saruman and Sharon. The long-abandoned Rivendell had been overrun with Orcs, but Mirkwood and the Dwarven realms had so far been left untouched. Eowyn and Théoden had reportedly died in the battle for Minas Tirith. Sharon had so wanted to grieve for her former friend when she'd heard the news, but forced herself not to when she remembered that Eowyn and her family had also turned on her. Her allegiance was to Sauron now. He was all she had left. Frodo and Sam, due to Sharon's information, had been captured on their way to Mount Doom. In a moment of mercy, Sharon allowed them to flee, much to the displeasure of her father. That was a long time before, and Sharon's heart had hardened since. The Hobbits had left the Shire to seek refuge with the Dwarves, who readily took in the natural burrowers. Aragorn's company were running out of ideas. They had repeatedly attacked Sauron's forces, losing good men each time. Out of fight or flee, they had repeatedly failed the first option and had nowhere to run for the time being. They certainly weren't going to give up and submit to Sauron's rule. "What about across the Sea?" Legolas suggested. "If we can't fight anymore, why not start anew?" "The Valar would not accept all of our refugees into the Grey Havens." Gandalf said. "No, Ella once told me that she spent much of her childhood across the sea, on other continents. Middle Earth and Valinor are not the only land masses on this planet. We could go to the places that we have no maps for." Legolas said. "Ella is dead." Aragorn said bitterly. Earlier they'd decided to forget about their former companion, so that they could face the evil person that wore her face. "You must remember, if we find ourselves in a position to kill Sharon , we must take it. She is too much of an asset to Sauron to let past feelings get in the way." "If we'd thought of her as Ella in the first place, and not as Sauron's daughter, she would still be one of us." Legolas protested.