Up Against The Wall A/N: I was here on ffiction and I read a one-shot songfic by the name of Selfish. The song is by the group *N SYNC. The song is beautiful and the story was wonderful. I cried like a baby throughout the entire story until the lemon at the end. That one-shot got my plot bunnies to mating and having more and more plot bunnies which were hopping around in my head in a complete plot bunny frenzy…talk about annoying. In the end, I knew that I had to do something about it. (Ya know, to preserve what sanity I have left…ha-ha.) So, here recently, I gave myself a personal challenge; I wanted to see if I could write a series of one-shot songfics based on each and every song that *N SYNC ever made (with the exceptions of the traditional Christmas songs on the Christmas CD). I'm going to start with the one that I'm most excited about and work my way from there. I know, I am a tremendously HUGE dork for trying to do this, especially to music that not a lot of people still listen to…I'm a non-closeted *N SYNC fan…so very sorry. :P The good news is that a few non-*N SYNC songs have called to me too, so there will be some of those throughout this whole massive mindfuckery. I sat up all night on 8-21-10 with my best friend, Sara, who helped my plot bunnies behave long enough to get basic pairings for each story and some even have basic plotlines and/or guidelines to follow for them. Then, on the 22 nd , we were searching for a specific destination in Homewood, AL and we kinda added the whole idea of 'why stop with just *N SYNC?' Why not go the distance and write mucho one-shots for any song that catches my plot bunnies' attention? (Hence the non - *N SYNC songfics…) As it stands right now, I am sitting with 9 notebook pages of ideas for ideas for these one-shots. When it's all added up, I think I'm looking down the barrel of somewhere around 40 one-shots; sadly, the list is continuing to grow. I have not given up on The Devil Wouldn't Recognize You ; it is just going on a temporary hiatus; it will continue to be worked on and will be finished. This challenge will give me an opportunity to take a short break from life at the Hampton Inn and all the drama that it includes in the story. If I don't take this much needed break from it, I will have a nervous breakdown and kill all the characters in a superhuge building explosion…that I caused myself…sorry… LOTS of work drama – sheesh, I'll just put it to you like this – I've come close several times to having a nervous breakdown at work…not a pretty sight. Without further ado, here is the first of many…the name of the song is 'Up Against The Wall'. The pairing is Emmett/Rosalie. This is the one that I'm so psyched about. Don't forget to leave a review and let me know if you're as excited about this as I am or if I need to just shut the hell up and blow up the H.I. already. P.S. – Just for argument's sake – all of my characters are on birth control…so no flames about lack of condomage. Thanks! :P Enjoy! Rosalie POV I was flying down the winding roads from Forks to Port Angeles in an effort to get to the club before my best friend Alice showed up. I've always been one to want to make a grand entrance, but tonight was different. I had just seen the posted grades at my college. I was going to school for automotive repair and detailing. I had just completed my final yesterday. I passed! I was so thrilled with myself. I was gonna graduate on time! My father had promised me that if I graduated on time and with high enough marks, he would purchase a building for my first automotive repair shop to get my business off of the ground. Ever since I was a little girl, I had always played with Matchbox cars. I would take them apart and put them back together. I did this as much as I was able to – moving up to helping my father fix his own Mercedes when it needed maintenance work as I grew older. I would do this while the other girls would stay inside and played with their Barbie dolls. It never bothered me – I liked not having to deal with other squealing and giggling girls…they were annoying. I would always ending up fighting one of them, having my mother blister my ass with the paddle and then I would throw a tantrum because the other stupid little bitch started it. This, without a doubt, set me apart from the other girls at school. I fought constantly because at any given moment in time, one of the dumb whores would get cocky for a second and try to pick on me for being a 'grease monkey'. It was soon all over school that I was not one to fuck with. Shortly after that first fight, my father bought my first nose job for me due to the lucky bitch landing a cheap shot to my nose while I was otherwise occupied with trying to get her other hand to let go of my hair. I can't stand girls who choose to pull hair and scratch during a fight. Fuck – if you want to act like a man and fight, at least be woman enough not to fucking act like a pussy. Throw a fucking punch bitch, because that one punch is all your ass is gonna get – after you land it, I'm takin' your skank ass down. I hadn't told Alice that I was actually graduating yet – I wanted to tell her tonight at the club. For the first time in a long time, I finally felt like I had something to celebrate. My plan was gonna be to drink myself sober. I was lost in my own thoughts as I navigated my fire engine red Mitsubishi Eclipse through the tight curves of the road. I hadn't even noticed my speed until I heard a siren behind me and saw the flashing blue lights in my rearview mirror. God damn it Rose! I scolded myself, looking down at my speedometer. Going 89 MPH in a 40 MPH zone definitely is gonna attract attention. Motherfucker! Just what I needed tonight – a huge ass speeding ticket. I slowed down so that I could pull over and began fuming as I saw the cop car continue to follow me only inches from my back bumper. You fucking asshole! I seethed, If you hit my fucking baby, I'm so gonna own your stupid hick ass! I gingerly maneuvered my car onto the shoulder, put it in park, and gripped the steering wheel tightly with both hands to hopefully keep a firm lock on my temper. I looked into my side mirror in time to see a mountain sized man in uniform approach my window. "Got someplace to be in a hurry?" he asked stupidly. I took a steadying breath and replied, "I'm sorry for going so fast sir, I guess I'm just excited. I just found out that I will be able to graduate with the rest of my class. I know that you probably get all kinds of excuses from speeders, but I really am sorry." I was trying really hard to sound contrite so that he would just give me a warning and let me go; at this rate, I would definitely not make it to the club before Alice. He looked at me over his aviator sunglasses and smirked at me, making my blood boil, "Well, congratulations on your achievement, but there's no excuse for endangering the general population with your reckless female driving." I was beginning to see red and my verbal filter instantly cut off; I snarled at him, "Well, you should be the one to talk! Since you weren't pulling my hair, you had no business riding my ass, Officer !" Apparently, he didn't too much care for my sarcasm because his smirk vanished and he opened my door with a quick, "Miss, I'm gonna need you to step out of the car." I had the itching urge to smack my forehead, but I got out as he requested. The radio clipped to his belt chirped to life with a female voice, "Officer McCarthy, the Eclipse is registered to a Miss Rosalie Hale – seven prior arrests for assault and battery with intent to do bodily harm. Charges were dropped and no jail time was served. Be careful with her – she's known for being a handful. Please call for backup if you need assistance." Officer McCarthy raised his eyebrow at me, that damned smirk firmly back in place on his face, "So, I got me a fighter here, do I? I'm gonna need to check you for weapons, Miss. Please assume the position; I gather that you know it well? Hands on the roof of the car, feet spread please?" I ground my teeth together; I hated being frisked. It was just an excuse for any of the male cops to shamelessly grope me without worrying about me beating the shit out of them. Regardless of my feelings on the whole situation, I smacked my hands loudly on the top of the trunk, and spread my feet shoulder-width apart. I kept repeating to myself to be calm and it would be over soon, but my heart was racing. In all honesty, Officer McCarthy was hot as hell from what I could see of him. I stood as still as a statue as he came up behind me and began at my shoulders and ran his hands down my back. His strong hands lightly patted over my jean pockets before firmly grabbing my ass. He only grasped it for a minute before he patted each of my legs down and continued to frisk his way back up, lingering on my hips. He allowed his thick arms to wrap around my torso before his hands found my breasts, squeezing them gently but not letting them go. I suppressed a moan at his boldness but could not stop the hiss that escaped my teeth. He brought his mouth to my ear and whispered gruffly, "Well, Miss Hale, it seems that you aren't carrying any weapons on your person, except for these," he squeezed my chest in emphasis, "but I don't see why I would have to take you in. Please just be more careful in the future. You have no idea how your actions affect other people." He ground his obvious arousal into my backside before letting me go completely, walked swiftly to his cruiser, getting in and driving away in a cloud of dust. I stood there frozen and breathing harshly for the longest time. I knew deep down that I should have been horrified and even pissed off at his invasion of my personal space, but I just couldn't bring myself to be anything but ridiculously turned on. 0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0 EMPOV I flew down the road, away from the blonde bombshell that had me more than willing to turn into one of those asshole cops who abuse their power by sexually harassing any female that they come in contact with while their badge is on. I had joined the academy because my father was a fireman and had instilled a deeply rooted need to help care for others. Sadly, I wasn't serious enough a student to go to medical school and I have been scared shitless of fires ever since my father lost one of the men on his crew due to a collapsed roof during a routine call. With