Summary: Aragorn, aged twenty, leaves Rivendell to return to his own people. In the Angle, he must cope with loss, high expectations and his new family in order to form a new life. Featuring Halbarad and the Dúnedain as well as the population of Rivendell. Disclaimer: All recognizable characters and places belong to JRR Tolkien, the rest is mine. Many thanks to my betas Gwynnyd and Lucia Chapter 1: Leavetaking " Then Aragorn took leave lovingly of Elrond; and the next day he said farewell to his mother, and the house of Elrond, and to Arwen, and went out into the wild." - Lord of the Rings, Appendix A, the Tale of Aragorn and Arwen. Imladris, mid-September 2951 It had been a beautiful and warm day in the valley and the afternoon sun still provided enough warmth to be outside. Aragorn sat on the balcony of his room, eyes intently fixed on the courtyard below him. A party of Rangers had been seen approaching Imladris. So this is to be my last day here. Tomorrow I will leave all this behind. It felt strange to go, closing a chapter in the book of his life to open a new one. But this was what he had wanted, had sent the message to his people himself. I am the lord of a noble people, and to them I will return. I have been trained by the best and will not fail. Aragorn breathed in the beautiful scent of the potted flowers on the railing. But how I will miss my family! And Arwen. He closed his eyes at the pain this thought brought, for he loved her dearly. Will she miss me as well? He did not know her heart, for she had said nothing to him of her feelings towards him. But Aragorn was young and hope was strong within him, and he was sure that he would master the tasks set before him, even if it meant that he would be alone. He remained where he was, mentally going through the preparations already made and those he would have to make in the morning. Some hours before sunset the party he awaited finally arrived. From his vantage point Aragorn saw that it consisted of three men and two elves of the border guards. He felt anxiousness well up within him. He had spent many days wondering what a ranger might look like for had never seen one before. When they passed the gate, Aragorn stayed where he was, watching intently. They looked grim, but despite their worn clothes of green and brown they held themselves proudly on their shaggy steeds. So these are my people. "Aragorn!" his mother's call spoke of excitement, "come outside with me. They have arrived." Gilraen smiled as she stood in the doorway to Aragorn's room. She reached up to straighten Aragorn's tunic, "You must look presentable, my son." He looked down at his clothing and shrugged. "This is the finest piece of clothing I own. Do you think I should have worn something... plainer? I could see them from my balcony and think that maybe my clothes mock theirs?" She looked him up and down, then sighed. "A lord can as well greet his people in state. Now come with me, they are already waiting." The rangers had already been bidden into hall. All three of them stood still, silently waiting. Aragorn thought that their sombre and poor clothing gave a strong contrast to their persons. They were tall, with black hair, and their piercing gray eyes that held a light that was almost elvish. At this moment Aragorn realized the privileges he had enjoyed by growing up in Imladris. If he had grown up with the Dúnedain,he surely wouldlook no different. Heknew that the circumstances of his life would undergo great changes, but it suddenly seemed far more real than before. He would manage – somehow. While Aragorn prepared to give them a formal greeting, his mother rushed past him and threw herself in the arms of one of the men. He held her for a few moments. Then she pulled away, and Aragorn saw that she had her eyes were moist. "My son," she said, "this is my uncle Gildor, my mother's younger brother, I have told you of him. He has been acting as Chieftain for the past eighteen years." As Aragorn looked onto Gildor's face, he saw that he was smiling. Then, unexpectedly, Gildor crossed the distance between them and hugged him tightly. For a moment, Aragorn stood shocked and unmoving, then he returned the embrace. He could only imagine how it would be for his great-uncle, and for all the Dúnedain, to finally have their Chieftain returned to them after more than eighteen long years. Alike to someone arising from the dead. "My heart rejoices to see you again," his mother's uncle whispered, voice thick with emotion. He pulled back and continued in a louder, stronger voice, "I brought Hirgon and Baragund with me." Hearing their names spoken, they stepped forth and bowed, their right hands over their hearts. They clasped Aragorn's outstretched arm, but remained silent. In the short moment they made eye contact, Aragorn saw their curiosity and wondered what they thought of him. They must all be old enough to have served under my father and grandfather . Are they comparing me with them? Later that afternoon, Aragorn sat in his favourite tree with a book in his lap. He tried to read a bit, relishing the peace on this spot one last time, but the letters blurred, and finally he gave up. I am saying goodbye. He closed his eyes and and let his long legs dangle. Footsteps crunched on the pebble-strewn path, and he knew it must be one of his kinsmen. His eyes flew open, and he sawhis great-uncle walking below him. Aragorn leaned down a bit so he would be seen and addressed the older man. "Are you inspecting Imladris?" Gildor started a bit, then turned his head up towards Aragorn, smiling. "I was actually looking for you. Climbing trees like an elf. Is it comfortable up there?" "I used to come here as a child when I wanted to hide. Of course everybody knew I was there, but no one ever disturbed me. I come here to think, as it has always given me peace." "You have much to think about now, do you not?" " Aye, much indeed. But wait, I will come down." The leaves rustled and a few moments later Aragorn dropped down lightly onto the path. "Conversation is easier now, uncle, if I may say so?" Gildor smiled again. "Of course you may, it makes no difference to me if you call me great-uncle or merely uncle. May I call you nephew, then?" Aragorn inclined his head. "Aye. Shall we walk in the gardens? They are beautiful." Gildor nodded and Aragorn led him on. They ambled through the gardens, admiring the flowers planted on each side. Aragorn started the conversation. "I would like us to speak openly, we are family, and my mother trusts you and I want to do so as well." I need this man and his trust. The older man gestured for Aragorn to continue. "Of course, speak your mind." "My thoughts have been manifold and have gone in many directions these last months. But I wonder most about my place among our people." "You are our lord, Aragorn." "I know as much, but not all that that entails." Aragorn confessed. Gildor did not answer right away, obviously thinking. "Many things, you are the captain of the Rangers as well as the Chieftain and leader of our people. You have to speak justice. But above all you are the heir of Isildur." "They tell me that I am the last, but surely, in all the generations of kings and chieftains, there were other sons and daughters with heirs alive now. Do none of them contest my place?" "There were of course others. Do not think an heir of Isildur would be content with one child only. But people about it. The younger sons had to publicly renounce their claim on the lordship, while the daughters did not." Aragorn stopped at that, fully turning towards Gildor. "So the daughters could claim lordship?" Gildor had stopped as well and was now meeting Aragorn eyes squarely. "The female succession is a much debated issue, Aragorn. It was made law in Númenor that a woman can inherit, but only if there is no male successor." "So there could be opposition?" Aragorn asked, now alarmed. "Not as long as you are alive. So do not fear." Aragorn did not further comment on that. They walked on in silence for a few minutes before Aragorn spoke again. "Gildor?" "Yes, nephew?" "What do people think about my long absence?" Gildor did not answer right away and Aragorn began to fear. Are they discontent? How will they receive me? They might think me too elvish! "Some of them... became angry upon hearing that Elladan and Elrohir had taken you and your mother here, claiming that your place was with them. But you were only two years old and all knew the enemy hunted descendants of Isildur. It was too dangerous for you there. But we could not convince all of the necessity, though, and they still hod a grudge against Elrond, especially your grandfather Dírhael. But in time most saw reason. Let me assure you that they, like all of us, are looking forward to having you again. You are no stranger." Aragorn did not want to hear any more about possible discord and saw a chance to change the topic. He would deal with it when and if it came. "You must remember me as a toddler." "Aye, I do. And now I see a man in front of me. I have heard much of you over the years and wondered how you looked." "You have heard much about me? How is that possible?" Aragorn asked, bewildered. "Whenever Elladan and Elrohir met with us, they brought us news of you. It gladdened us all to hear you were well and grew into a fine young man. But now I think it would be better if we could get to know each other while we have time to speak alone. What would you know?" Aragorn had had many questions, but now he did not know how to voice them. It was a while before he answered. "I would learn about your family and how you live." Gildor smiled. "I live in a town called Carastar and am married to your father's sister Araneth. Together we have four children, three boys and a girl. Halladan, my eldest, is twenty-seven, then there is Halbarad at twenty-two, and Míriel, nineteen. Haldor, my youngest, is sixteen. He has only just started his ranger-training and is obsessed with it." "Are they usually this age when the begin their training?" "Weapon's training and the teaching of other skills naturally begins much earlier. But at this age they begin their duties, not beyond the first sentry line, though." "And when is a ranger's training finished?" "This differs, of course. But as a rule, no one goes alone if he is not yet twenty-five." "When he is of age." No journeys alone for the next four and a half years. "You will reach that age soon enough." The two had left the gardens behind and now approached a little wood. Aragorn stopped and caressed the bark of the nearest tree. "Everything here holds so many memories. Now I am finding that I never really appreciated what I had. Growing up here in peace was such a normal thing for me that I assumed it was so everywhere. But now I know that this was wrong." "You were well protected in this haven. You should be glad for it, not mourn it." "I am, I only mourn the fact that not