Wedding Traditions Aragorn, leaning against a pillar in the Great Hall Merethrond, had never been so glad that men drank their wine mulled with water or honey. He looked down into his glass only to find out with misgiving that it was empty. Again. The rational part of his brain admonished him that he should remain sober at this Night of Nights, but the rest of him was of the opinion that everything would work far more easily if he were but a bit more relaxed. Relaxation was all there was to it, he told himself, refusing to waste a thought at what would have entered the mind of a lesser man: liquid courage. He had never needed liquid courage, so why now? Seeing no reason for it, he had confidently grabbed another glass of wine, it was mulled, after all, and settled his back against the pillar, indifferently watching, out of habit, of course, the other people in the Hall. He had watched Her dance even before he had come here, glancing briefly while he himself danced. But now he could watch her openly, his only other interest the now-empty wineglass. Aragorn felt sweat trickling down his neck; it had grown hot as the day progressed and the candles were lighted. And the longer he found himself watching Her twirling around, the hotter it seemed to get. He looked down at his velvet tunic and wondered if she was sweating in her midnight-blue dress whose silken material had felt so soft and light when he had touched it earlier and decided against it. She, who always looked as beautiful as he imagined the Queen of the Stars herself to be, never sweated. "Aragorn?" He turned his head slowly away from the Maia that had chosen to grace his halls and looked directly at Haldor, who had come up to him, carrying two full glasses of wine. Aragorn nodded at him and took a glass from his kinsman's hand, then continued watching as his other cousin whirled Arwen around. She seemed to enjoy it, which was small wonder. Barahir was a charmer, a lover of women, but he had never married; which was strange, for he could have had almost every woman if he but asked. "Aragorn?" Haldor said again, and Aragorn decided that his cousin had come for more than to serve him more wine. Haldor's eyes were sparkling and a smile graced his lips. "On any other day I would call your predatory stare highly impolite." Aragorn lifted an eyebrow in silent question. "You have been staring at her ever since you came to this spot. I have been watching you for a time now, as have others. You should be entertaining your guests, instead." He gestured towards a group of young ladies. "I imagine that it is a sad day for the female population of high society, whether married or not." Aragorn downed half of his glass and smiled back at him. "Ah, real wine! They are not my guests but a nuisance that stand between me and my desire. Though some may be beautiful, I do not care about them. Nothing short of another war could claim my attention. And is that not reasonable? Even for a king? 'Tis not every day that a man may watch his bride dance. Is she not wonderful? I have been waiting for this for far too long a time to not enjoy it to its fullest extend. If only this day were already over and the two of us alone." Haldor grinned at Aragorn and lowered his voice. "I prefer women, but if my king commands..." Aragorn blinked twice, but did not show his suprise in any other way. He knew his kinsman too well for that. "That is a very generous offer of you, my friend, and I am tempted to accept. But tonight I will be otherwise occupied." Haldor gave a bark of laughter and Aragorn clapped him on the shoulder. "Well have you learned to play with another man's words, but I know how to turn the tables. " "I am relieved to hear that. This will be your last glass of wine today. You already seem a bit... intoxicated." He laughed at Aragorn's sour look. "You will thank me for that later. You should know what you will be doing later. Especially with the... bedding ceremony." Aragorn grimaced. "And there I thought that you as my closest kin would have come to offer me a diversion." Haldor, Faramir, Imrahil and Celeborn had talked the proceedings through the day before and had come up with a compromise with which all people involved seemed to be quite content. While it mostly followed the traditions of the Dúnedain, Celeborn had insisted on enough privacy for them, and Gondor would be satisfied with the open display of the soiled sheet on the morrow. It could be worse, Aragorn thought, remembering Denethor's wedding all those years ago. "That would spoil the fun for those of us who await a cold bed. And would you deprive us of the fruits of yesterday's careful planning?" "I would have expected that of her brothers, not of you, you ungrateful oaf." Haldor shook his head and grinned. "You are the King. That includes taking the good as well as the less pleasant aspects of the role." "And it does also include that my subjects show me respect." "Yes, I would do so if we had not spent less respectable times together for years. And then yesterday... I now wonder if mere talk suffices. A willing woman would have been much more educating. But you were against visiting that brothel." "And I still am! Your brother would have had more mercy with me." A pause. "Yes, that he would. But it was not meant to be." Aragorn sipped the rest of his wine and tentatively touched the raw spot in his heart that Halbarad had once occupied and found it yet too painful to dwell on. Life had changed and Aragorn found himself standing where he had always dreamt of. But he had always imagined it to be Halbarad standing in the place Haldor had stepped in. But 'twas a sobering thought and a clear head was needed for tonight. He handed both his glasses to Haldor and nodded at him. "Lead the way, then." "As your groomsman," Haldor said in a voice that boded nothing good, "it is even my duty." He went to the High Table and clapped his hands twice. Aragorn followed him and saw Arwen approach from the other side. The music stopped. "Dear guests," he said in an authoritative tone that carried easily through the hall. "The hour has progressed and the bridal couple has now waited long enough. Let us put them to bed! But first let us hear what has been prepared." He motioned to Amrothos, who came up to him, carrying a scroll. Haldor took it with a slight bow and unrolled it. "Since in these noble halls and with the elevated guests we have to refrain from the bawdy songs and dirty jokes that you deserve, Aragorn, we had to come up with something different." Before Aragorn had a chance to comment on that, Haldor continued. "My lady, please forgive me if I should in any way offend you. I will tell you all now the story of my dear friend and his lady. There once was a boy of two Whose name was made anew For he had to hide And lay all aside And the truth was made taboo There was a lad of twenty Who had ev'rything aplenty A lineage high High as the sky 'twas more than only gentry Proud was he of the title And so did not be idle He liked to walk And sing and talk To himself of this title So while he was a-singing His song around him ringing He saw a woman fair Talking did he dare His heart to her was clinging The lady was soft like a dove And upon him come was love But oh she said no And made him go He took away his aching love Then return he did to his kin Where his aunt took him in They taught him How to be grim So his new life would begin Now of age at twenty five In adventures did he dive He left the north And so went forth In strange lands to arrive He wandered far and wide As a raven Rohir did he ride Walked in Gondor And also in Mordor Even in Harad did he reside Ever for the north he longed For there he truly belonged Before he understood 'twas the Golden Wood There his stay was prolonged The reason for this is very clear For there dwelt one he holds dear With open hair And feet bare She did walk there with the deer 'Twas the lady he could not forget Whose love he ever sought to get But to his wonder She came yonder Maybe there was hope for him yet? To her wondrous beauty he bowed This man of fifty and so very proud Together they stood In the Golden wood Troth plighted and love they vowed The dreaded day to leave came soon After merely four years of the moon Farewells made To wait be bade Yes Arwen said and did not to swoon He laboured long and oh so very hard Over the Shire he long stood guard Destroyed the Ring That very evil thing At last two Kingdoms became his ward A few months later his lovely lady came Her position beside the King to claim She moved with grace At a moderate pace But dear Aragorn's bed was her true aim Now our long story is finally over Of the lovely lady and her rover The wine is gone And we do yawn Let's give them four-leaved clover!" As soon as the echo of the last word faded the whole audience applauded and Haldor bowed. Aragorn was sure that he had had become red, but Arwen's sweet blush made up for all the discomfort. When all had died down, those that would accompany them to their chambers stepped into their rehearsed places. First came Lord Húrin with an immense keyring with keys of every seize imaginable, then Haldor with Lady Erendis, Arwen's witness, walking gracefully at his side. Aragorn watched Elrond and Lady Galadriel take their places at both sides of his bride while he himself felt Uncle Turgon's reassuring presence at his shoulder. "Thank you for taking this place, Turgon," Aragorn said with a nod while they waited for the many guests to find a place in the train. "I would be nowhere else." He clapped Aragorn's shoulder. "Your mother would be proud to see you standing here. How are you feeling?" Aragorn thought about that for a moment. He was a bit lightheaded from the wine and he had a queasy feeling in the pit of his stomach. But he was not going to tell his uncle that. He wiped his sweaty palms on his trousers and gave Turgon a somewhat forced smile. "I have never felt better." Turgon gave him a look that said that he was not fooled for a moment, but did not dispute the statement. "If you say so. You should be fine, then." "Did you know of the poem?" Turgon shrugged. "I did, but I did not participate in its making. The peredhil twins and Haldor are solely responsible for it. I fear that the mention of all the wine being gone was meant literally." Aragorn only gave a groan. Of course it would have been them. He knew that he should be offended, but at that moment he could not have cared less. He hoped that the procedure would be over quickly and they could finally be alone. Finally they started to move. Everyone grew silent because the Eldar had