Faramir pressed down the handle with dread, expecting to find... find what? Would he encounter the ghost of his father haunting these apartments? The touch of his style was certainly visible in the furniture, the carpets and the wall hangings. He had only a vague recollection of it ever being otherwise, of bright colours and warmth, and of the gentle touch of a woman's hand. All that had changed with the death of Faramir's mother all those years ago. With her all the joy had left these rooms, making way to lingering sadness. Relief washed over Faramir at the thought that it would not be his fate to work and live in this place that carried more negative memories than Faramir cared to remember. He smiled grimly. Next to the Stewardship, Faramir had also inherited a townhouse, which had to be opened and cleaned for his own use after he relinquished the rule to the King Returned. But first he had to see to it that the royal apartments were brought into order. There were Denethor's personal possessions to be taken care of and he must decide which of them to keep and what to throw away. Faramir sighed at the prospect of this emotionally draining task. It was at times like these that he missed his brother most. Boromir had always been the strong one who would boldly walk into danger and worry about the consequences when he faced them. Faramir, on the other hand, was the one who made the clever plans and went through them until he was satisfied with every detail. And so it was not surprising that he had come here with a list and now dreaded to execute his plan. He pushed the door open and stepped into the antechamber. The room was gloomy and Faramir's eyes needed a moment to accustom to the dimness. He shuffled his way over to the great window and drew back the black velvet curtain. As the heavy fabric came away, the bright sunlight of the spring afternoon illuminated the chamber, bathing everything in a golden light. There was not much to see here, though. Two long couches and a low table were the only furniture and the white walls were bare except for the painting of a lady. Faramir walked over and looked into her face. It was a beautiful woman; her complexion was as pure as newly fallen snow; her lips red like ripe cherries, and her hair, black as the night-sky, cascaded loosely down her back and was adorned by star-shaped hairpins with inlaid diamonds. The familiar blue mantle that was draped around her shoulders gleamed with the same stars. But both were outshone by the twinkle of her sea-grey eyes. Faramir gazed at her face for a long while, trying to see her alive in his memories. She was smiling in the portrait, but before his inner eyes Faramir beheld a face that radiated profound sadness. Had he ever witnessed her as happy as this likeness showed her to be? "Naneth!" he spoke out the unfamiliar word. He reached out his hand towards her until he could almost touch the canvas. But only almost. His hand lingered in the air for a time as if wondering whether it should continue its journey or return to its owner's side. With a tremor Faramir drew back his hand and made a step backwards, willing himself to return to reality and the task at hand. Deciding that he would leave the painting where it was, he turned around to have a look at the next room. The great reception room looked exactly as he remembered it. He could almost see them sitting in the comfortable chairs before the great hearth, though its fire was now extinguished. As he looked at it more closely, Faramir felt a chill overcome him that had nothing to do with the relatively warm temperatures of the early spring. Ashes . They were all that was left of the welcoming warmth that was home. And so it was with... no, he would not think such thoughts! ' Leave me in peace and haunt me no more' , he wanted to shout at the invisible presence. But no sound came through his suddenly parched throat. He let himself fall into one of the chairs, closing his eyes and making himself think more pleasant thoughts. There was the great tapestry that depicted Círion and Eorl the Young and beneath it the great table that they would eat at if all members of the family happened to be here. Here they had entertained their intimate guests; Uncle Imrahil and his family as well as those of his father's elder sisters. Emeldir, Ecthelion's middle child, had taken on the role of a mother after Faramir and Boromir had lost their own. He remembered her sheltering arms when he came to her after another scolding by his father. She had declined his plea for help for this task, though, claiming that it was Faramir's duty. He had wanted to be mad at her, to say that Denethor was her brother and that she had a responsibility, too. But she had looked at him with those eyes that could make the strongest man quail and he had fallen silent before he could even raise his voice. He let his hands wander over the intricately carved armrests of the chair, recognising every curve as belonging to a particular design. But what should he do with all the furniture? Should he have it brought to his house once it was cleaned? But he could not leave these apartments bare when the King was to move in there! 'Do you really care about them?' the little voice in his head asked . 'You have all the furniture that you need at the moment and all other things can be acquired in time - after your tastes and also after those of Éowyn. Leave them here for the King to deal with.' Having made his decision, he went to inspect the most important matter. He opened the door on the other side of the room and entered the intimate reception room. Even though the room was dominated by the same grey and back colours, it filled Faramir with a sense of comfort. Familiar faces smiled down from the walls at Faramir; brother, father, uncles, aunts and cousins were all gathered here to keep him company. There were two more doors in the room; one on the left, the other on the right. Faramir hesitated; where next? On the left lay the study with its heaps of paper, and on the right was the unknown territory of his father's bedchamber. Coming to the conclusion that it did not really matter where he started, he went to the left and tried the study door. Faramir pulled a keyring from his pocket and after fiddling a bit he produced a key. He pushed it into the keyhole and the door swung open. It was already unlocked! Under normal circumstances that would not have puzzled Faramir further, but Húrin had insisted twice that he remember to bring the keys because he had personally locked the private doors the day Denethor had died. A quick look into the room confirmed the nagging suspicion in the back of his mind: The great lebethron desk that was normally so tidy was strewn with various kinds of papers. Drawers stood open and the heavy chair lay overturned. Whoever had been here must have been interrupted by someone. Faramir looked around, trying to detect some clue. But the room lay quiet; nothing moved. He walked back to the desk and picked up the chair, placing it in its old position. He was just about to turn to the papers when there was a scraping sound. Faramir went stock still - he was not alone after all. He gave the room a quick scan, searching for a possible hiding place. The dark paneling did not hide any secret doors so the possibilities were few. He walked around on silent feet, first checking the curtains, then the cupboard, and at last the fireplace. All, however, proved empty. He was just about to turn away from the fireplace when there was that strange sound trickled down. Faramir smiled, turned back and muttered to himself, "it is quite cold in here. Maybe I should light the fire." He stooped and set fire to the – somewhat moist – remaining wood. Soon the whole fireplace was full of smoke. This time the scraping was accompanied by violent coughing. Then, at last, down the chimney came the small form of a boy. "Who do I have smoked out here?" Faramir asked in a half amused, half threatening voice, "but more importantly, what does he do up my chimney?" The boy scrambled quickly out of the fireplace but retained his seated position. With a last cough he looked up at Faramir. "Please, sir, do not punish me. I did not want to do any harm. Really! My father, you see, they will kill him if I do not help him!" He blurted all out in one breath, then looked up hopefully at Faramir. "Steady, lad," Faramir said as he knelt down at the boy's side, "tell me your name, your father's and then what he has done to deserve death." "My name is Bergil, sir, and my father is Beregond. He is a guardsman and killed some men he should not have." Beregond . Faramir was sure that he had already heard that name before, but he just could not place him. "And what makes you think that you are helping your father by breaking into the Steward's study?" He scowled and Bergil squirmed. "I thought that maybe if I steal the reports nobody will remember that it was my father and then he would not be killed." Faramir sighed. "You have a stout heart, my lad, and must love your father dearly. But what you did was a foolish thing to do. What made you believe that you would find the reports here?" Bergil only shrugged and hung his sooty head. "What ought I to do with you now?" The boy fidgeted with his sleeves. "Maybe you could just let me go and forget that I was here?" "Ha!" Faramir gave a bark of laughter. "This is how you would have it? Did your father not teach you that there is no mischief without punishment? The least you can do is to help me order the mess that you have created. But first you will go and clean yourself because in this state you are in you would ruin everything you touched. Now run along and come back right after you are done." Bergil scrambled up to his feet, saluted and with a quick "I will" was out of the door. Faramir breathed in deeply as the door closed behind the boy with a thud. Ignoring the mess of papers, he sat into the chair. Beregond. Faramir knew that he missed or lacked important information about him. He had heard people say his name when they thought that he was not listening. Faramir rubbed his chin in thought. He should know more about the case when he was to deal with the boy. He stood up and retracing his steps, he entered the antechamber and opened the door to the hallway. The servant that stood there looked at him in suprise at his early appearance. "Herion, would you be able to organise the file of Beregond?" The man looked as if he wanted to say something, but then he just nodded and said that he would try. Back in the study Faramir smothered the smoking wood. He found that he was glad that he had found the little boy up in the chimney. He was a perfect distraction from the dreary task. And he had also given him reason to smile. But then his heart went out to