Um, well hi! It has been a long, long time since I published here. I originally only published this re-vamp on AO3, but this is where I started and I remember that a lot of people did read my original Secrets on here, which means I can't leave them hanging because they were the ones who motivated me. So, this is Secrets, but remade and revised. A longer fic, more complex plot, and taken from a different angle, but still the core idea: Percy and Co. have been cursed, the gods are in trouble, Kronos is a bad man. I will tell you, instead of ignoring HoO like I had the last time, I will be writing this fic as HoO is happening, so you will not only see old characters, but the new ones as well. So, it's like an HoO AU, but not really. Now, without further ado, for all of you new readers and even the older ones who I hope are still around, I present, Secrets! Percy: Secrets, oh gods, secrets. Did you know secrets kind of really just suck? Well, yeah, those little white lies or the moments when you can't tell your friend they're having a surprise party, I mean those are good. But what good can secrets really do? Honestly, most of my life had secrets in it and it always screwed everything up. The prophecy? Secret. Spies? Secrets. My cousin, Jason Grace, Son of Jupiter? t. I guess by this point you're wondering why on Gaia's green earth I'm telling you this, well, she's the reason. Or rather, her son's the reason. Or well—okay, let's start from the beginning, or rather, the end. So, Olympus was preserved, Luke died a hero, I kissed Annabeth, the Gods were happy, or as happy as they could be I guess, and Blackjack flew off into the sunset. Everything was nice and dandy, but for some reason that only Gods would know, or rather they don't know because they have no idea what's happening, no one thought that Kronos, the titan KING and LORD of time , had a back up plan. Well…he did, obviously that's why I'm telling you this. I'm gonna tell you his back up plan, I'm gonna tell you how it happened, I'm gonna explain every single little detail because if I don't no one is gonna know the truth, hades— Hades doesn't even know the truth—the gods don't even know the truth, because I can't tell them the truth. Because if I do, I'm gonna get my ass kicked, my cousin's are gonna get their ass kicked, everyone's gonna get their ass kicked. Everything is so utterly screwed, so I thought in the little time before everything blow's up, I'll tell you about it. Let's start. The waves crashed lightly against Camp Half-Blood's shoreline as the sun set, so bright that it looked as if there was fire sitting on the horizon. Apollo must've still been happy from the victory. It had been two weeks after the Battle of Manhattan and the last day before camp ended, and demigod's slowly started returning back to their homes. Campers were healing and loss was apparent for some beds had stayed empty after we returned home, but a sense of peace had washed over us all, because it was all finally over. "Seaweed Brain!" A voice called out behind me. I turned to see Annabeth sprinting towards me and I extended my arms in time for her to crash into them. She laughed as I spun her around, hair flying out behind her and she buried her face into the crook of my neck; I could feel her smile against my skin. "What are you doing out here?" She asked. "Just thinking, you know, and stuff." I said. "And stuff?" She asked. "Yeah, and stuff." I said, threading my fingers through her hair. She grew quiet. "You ready to go home? Sally definitely misses you." "Misses me?" I asked. "She saw me two weeks ago." Annabeth pulled back and rolled her eyes at me, "Yeah, Percy, during and right after a war. I'm sure she'll be happy to see you under safer conditions." "Yeah, you're right." I said. She pulled me into a kiss. "I'm always right," She said. "That's why you're Wise Girl," I said, glancing out at the bay. I turned back towards her, smirk on my face, and I could tell from the look on hers that she already knew what I was going to ask her. "Wanna go for a swim?" "Of course." . By the time we got back the sun was gone, but the wind blowing across the lake seemed to drop the temperature an extra ten degrees. We hurried back to our cabins as quickly as possible, making sure to avoid the harpies who were no doubt on watch. When we finally reached the Athena cabin, we were a little out of breath and I was about to burst from laughing. Annabeth playfully hit my shoulder, "Percy! Shh, you're gonna wake up my siblings." "How do you expect me to keep quiet if you make me laugh?" I asked, half wheezing. "Who knew cheesy jokes were your weakness." "I'm pretty sure everyone knew that, it's practically written across my forehead." "Ohmygods," She whined. "Why are you my boyfriend." "It's true love," I said, pulling her close. "And don't quit on me so soon, it's only been two weeks, I'll prove myself." "Two weeks of absolute peace." "Yeah," I sighed. Annabeth's hands pushed a few strands of hair from my face, and cupped my cheek. I wrapped my arms around her, pulled her closed, and kissed her and kissed her and kissed her. She pushed her hands through my hair and down behind my neck, interlocking them and pulling me closer. I sighed against her lips and lowered on of my hands, down towards— SCREEE —a loud noise from above made us break apart, it must've been a harpy, but the sky was clear. The noise repeated itself, quieter this time and we turned around to see a small silver owl perched above the door way. It was Annabeth laughing this time. "Oh, okay, I see, I get it." I looked at the owl. "Ok, I'm going, I'll stay away from your daughter. Whatever." "Come back here." She said, pulling me back for one last kiss. "I'll see you tomorrow morning to see you off, okay?" "You're not going home?" I asked. "I'm going to stay a little while longer, just to make sure everything is okay before I leave." She explained. "That's a good idea. Smart as always," I said. "Goodnight." "'Night." She replied, searching my face one last time before retiring for the night. I walked to Cabin 3, light on my feet, smile on my face— Okay, okay, okay, I ' m stopping everything just for a moment. This is the moment where it all goes to hell. Yeah, right after that great night with Annabeth, goes to hell, right into Hades, just superb. Yeah, great, I know right. Okay, get back to reading about my misadventures. I ' ll see you soon, okay, bye —and mind at ease. Things were gonna get better. Everything was going to be better. I was so trapped in my own bliss I didn't realize something was wrong until I was already a few steps inside my cabin. The air was thick and my feet suddenly felt ten times heavier, like some unseen force was pulling them down. The moonlight could clearly be seen through the windows, yet somehow it wasn't filtering inside, so the room was pitch black. The fountain in the corner no longer glowed, but the water continued to gurgle and was the only sound in the room aside from my shallow breathing. I reached for Riptide. "I wouldn't." A voice came from behind and that was enough for me to throw away any sense of rationality before spinning around to face the intruder, but I couldn't spin around. I couldn't move at all. My feet wouldn't move. "Bag him." Another voice said and before I knew it a hand took my wrist in a vice-like grip. I cried out in pain, Riptide clattering to the floor and whoever it was took my other hand, tying both behind my back. A bag was thrown over my head, my chest, my legs, then the floor disappeared from under me and I had the sensation of being lifted. I started flailing about, trying to break free, but I heard someone mutter something. A spell maybe? Then…then nothing. . I heard before I saw. I heard groaning and shoes scuffing from a pair of feet that passed nearby, you could even tell what shoes they were wearing, just by the way they walked. Big, black combat boots, the clunky ones that made it hard to walk, but were perfect for kicking people in the gut. Next came the sound of cell bars, heavy and rusted, clinking shut, keys rattling and locks clinking. Then came the whispers, soft and quick, like smoke; you could hear what was being said, but only for a moment, then it was gone. They seemed to come from everywhere and nowhere at once, it made it seem as if the area around me was spinning. I heard something else, it was close and rather loud, but it wasn't until I opened my eyes that I realized it was the sound of my own shallow breathing. I found myself on my back in what appeared to be a cell, with brick walls reaching high to a grated hole in the ceiling and a barred cell door that led into a narrow hallway. My immediate reaction was to sit up but I found myself unable, not because I was restrained, but because I was in pain. My bones ached and my mouth was dry. How long had I been in this cell exactly? With some difficulty (and a whole lot of pain, let me just repeat) I dragged myself to the door and peered down the hall as far as the bars would allow. For awhile, I just lay there with my face smushed up against the bars, pondering whether or not I should call for a guard or just go back to sleep. I was in too much pain to move, let alone get up and try to break out of the cell. It felt as if I'd fought an entire army by myself, but I hadn't, I got kidnapped. Seized, captured, abducted like a cow to an alien spaceship. Ohmygods, no, was it aliens, did they perform experiments on my body is that why everything hur— A loud noise disturbed me from my thoughts and I glanced in the direction from where it came. It originated from the cell across from mine, which held a sleeping man who seemed to be having a coughing fit. At closer inspection I found that not only was the person familiar, I had fought with him previously in a war only two weeks ago. "Nico…Nico?" I whispered, careful not to alert any guards (or whatever could possibly be running around this place). Nico kept coughing, but didn't seem to awake from his slumber. I tried again. "Nico….Nico…NI-CO." More coughing. "Oh, you've got to be kidding me," I muttered. "Di Angelo!" This time he awoke, with a few more coughs for a good measure, and I watched as he went about the same routine I did. Eyes open, look around, try to sit up, experience a heavy amount of pain, slowly sink back down to the shitty rock floor, glance out into the hallway; that's when he saw me. He seemed a little taken aback by it at first. "P-percy?" He asked. "Yeah, it's me. Nico, do you know what's going on?" I said. He looked me over before closing his eyes and taking a deep breath. As he lie