Loosely based off of The Fault In Our Stars by John Green. PS: I do not own anything. Katniss Wow. Just wow. That movie was absolutely perfect. John Green was such a talent. And Shailene Woodley and Ansel Elgort portrayed Hazel and Gus so perfectly. I couldn't really tell if there was any flaws in the actual movie; it was just so perfect! And I was saying perfect too much... Well, it was the best way to explain how it was. It was perfect. But maybe there was one problem about its perfection: I was still feeling heartbroken after Gus' eulogy to Hazel. And as the credits rolled, I felt myself standing up and leaving. As expected, the theater was super crowded because of everyone watching the movie. I plopped my earbuds into my ears, the song Timber blaring into my ears from my phone. It was what I really needed at that point to stop myself from full out crying. Walking out of the movie theater, I looked from side to side as I started walking towards home. I didn't go to see The Fault In Our Stars with any of my friends. Madge, Johanna, and Annie had a swim meet, and since I wasn't much of a swimmer, I wasn't on the swim team and couldn't go with them. But then, with my clumsiness, I ended up bumping into someone. How cliché. "Sorry," I choked out. I wasn't much of an apologizer, but it seemed appropriate so then I could get out of there as soon as I could so then I could fangirl in peace. But then, I looked at him for the first time. He was hot , to say the least. His skin was tanned, his eyes so flourescent blue that they almost looked fake. He was toned, but not ripped like Finnick, Annie's boyfriend, was, and his cheekbones were so high that they were almost unbelievable. He was a bit taller than me, maybe taller by a couple of inches. I found myself blushing oh-so-slightly and biting the inside of my cheek to try to stop myself. He smirked and said, "My bad." My eyebrows scrunched up in confusion. Was he really quoting The Fault In Our Stars? Instead of walking away and going on with my life like I originally planned, I asked him, "Did you watch TFIOS?" He nodded, his smirk only growing. "Why of course." My eyebrow only raised at that. There was no possible way he willingly went to watch The Fault In Our Stars. He was way too hot for that. But, then again, he was hot. Maybe he had a girlfriend that he went with that wasn't with him at that moment. So, I just had to ask that instead of heading on my way. "Did you come with your girlfriend?" He chuckled and said, "I'm single." I quirked an eyebrow in disbelief, holding back a smile. "Really?" He nodded. "Yes, really. Why are you asking? Are you already into me? I mean, I know I'm pretty hot but..." I felt myself flush in embarrassment as I admitted, "You don't seem like the type to like The Fault In Our Stars. Or, any book, for that matter." He started smirking again. "Well, I'm sorry for not meeting your standards." I looked around again. "Are you here with... anyone, for that matter?" He shook his head. "Nope. But I may be able to get you to go to Starbucks with me for a drink or two as I get to know you better." It took a few seconds for what he said to actually register into my head. I looked at him with complete shock and disbelief. "Are you serious right now?" "Completely." I watched as his smirk grew wider and wider by the second. "I mean, you're so beautiful, so why not? A little Starbucks date to let me get to know a beautiful girl like you is not something to be turned down." My eyebrow raised more with disbelief. "You're serious?" "I thought we already covered that." His smirk was so wide at the moment that I thought that his face would explode, but hey, at least it emphasized his already defined cheekbones. "I am completely serious. Now, please say yes so then I don't look like a complete idiot." I laughed and quoted Hazel. "You know, you could be an axe murderer for all I know." He laughed too, catching the reference. "Yes, well, that is a possibility." I smiled with satisfaction. The Gus reference . But then he continued. "What's your name?" I hesitated for a while, before realizing that I really wanted to get to know him more. "Katniss." "Your full name," he persisted. Oh, he was good with the references. "Katniss Everdeen," I told him. He tilted his name as he said, "Beautiful name for a beautiful girl. I love it." I started to blush. "Thank you. I was named after the katniss flower. My dad grew up in the wilderness and memorized all of the edible plants. He loves all of his nature knowledge, you know?" He smirked and nodded. "I get it, Katniss. Do you like nature?" "Of course!" I exclaimed as if it was obvious. "It's so relaxing. I especially love that forest just a few miles away. It's so pretty." His face lit up. "Oh yeah! I went camping there with my brothers a couple times! It's a really nice forest." "Yeah," I smiled and nodded. Then, I realized something. "Wait. I never got your name." "Oh right!" he exclaimed. "My name's Peeta. Before you comment, I know I'm named after the bread. So are my brothers. So, don't judge me." In all honesty, I didn't even realize that in the first place. Peeta? Like pita bread? "Sounds cool. I don't really mind it. In fact, I really like it." His eyes started to sparkle. "Really? It's not a turn off despite all of my hotness?" I laughed and said, "Of course not. Now let's go to Starbucks." His eyes lightened even more as I said that. "You really want to go with me?" "As long as you don't screw it up." That time, I smirked, and Peeta shook his head. "Okay, okay, I'll try to not screw it up," he laughed. I smiled, and he took my hand as he kissed my cheek and we went to Starbucks. On the way, I asked him about his brothers, and he told me that he would tell me on our second date (and I quirked my eyebrow and said that he shouldn't hope, and he said all of my efforts to keep him away was going to fail). Also, it turned out that we go to the same school, him being a grade ahead of me, which we both found coincidental and cool. He opened the door for me as we walked into Starbucks, and I couldn't stop my smile from forming on my face. We both ordered iced tea (oddly enough, both of us aren't huge fans of coffee) and talked the entire time. Being with him was just so amazing. I could already see the future with him, and no matter how creepy that sounded, it was true. I knew right then and there that we would be together forever (even though we weren't dating yet). At the end, he held out a piece of paper and a pen. "Number?" I nodded and wrote it down for him. "You know, I find it kind of strange that you just carry around a piece of paper and a pen with you." He laughed. "I guess I kept it there for a reason, didn't I? Like an insanely beautiful girl?" I shook my head and laughed. "You are such a psychic, Peeta, aren't you?" He nodded. "You know me." We both laughed, and I handed him back the pen and paper with my phone number on it. He smiled, and we said our goodbyes. Once he was out of sight, I put in my earbuds. Timber boomed in my ears, but the only thing on my mind was Peeta. I couldn't wait to see what our infinity would be like. Peeta: Hey there Katniss Katniss: Who r u? Peeta: Its Peeta Katniss: O hey Peeta :) how u doin? Peeta: Good i havent seen u around in skool Katniss: Ive been feeling sick so im staying home Peeta: Bummer but we will have another date later rite? ;) Katniss: Of course ;) "Katniss!" my mom called. I groaned. I had a huge fever, and even though I was as energetic as the Energizer bunny, I still wasn't allowed in school because of that fever. It wasn't like I was sneezing or anything; actually, I didn't think what I had was contagious. And yet I still had to miss an entire week of school. It really sucked that the one time I actually wanted to go to school, I couldn't because I was sick. I just wanted to see Peeta again and talk to him. Was that so much to ask? "What, mom?" I yelled back at her. "Madge is here with your homework!" she yelled. Immediately, I jumped out of my blanket and ran downstairs. Even though I saw Madge every single day after the school day ended since I was sick, it was the highlight of my day. All I really did at home was reread The Fault In My Stars at least a billion times (well, and homework after Madge dropped it off). When I looked at the door, the blonde started to squeal and immediately ran to me and hugged me. That was usual for her. In public, she was closed off and shy, but in private, she could pass of as Delly Cartwright, the most popular girl and cheerleader in our school. "Hey there Katniss!" she yipped. I chuckled slightly and then scowled. I hated hugs. "Madge, please let me go," I said as kindly as I could. When I felt her shake her head, I added, "You know I'm sick, right?" She let go of me and rolled her eyes. "Whatever. You're lucky I care for you." I laughed and said, "I know you do." I led her to the living room, and we both sat down on the couch. She took off her backpack and opened it, looking through it. Then, she handed me a worksheet. "All we really have is math homework," she told me. I scanned through it. Trigonometry. Perfect. How fun. "Mrs. Ivan also almost gave us LA homework, but we convinced her not to." I rolled my eyes at the mention of her. I absolutely hated her perkiness. "How did you guys convince her? She's very persistent." "As persistent as you," she muttered. I shot her my classic glare, and she looked at me sheepishly. "Sorry! But we lied to her and said that we had so many tests tomorrow." I laughed. "She is so gullible that it's pathetic." She laughed as well. "I know right? It's so sad." I nodded at that. "Yeah. But are you done now? I would like to read TFIOS in peace now, please." She smirked. "You know, I already have all of the answers copied down," she trailed off, feigning innocence. "I was going to let you copy them down, but now I'm rethinking that..." I glared at her and snatched her backpack away from her. "Give. Me. Your. Homework." She laughed and nodded, handing me her completed homework. "I know you so well," she sing-songed, smiling widely. "Yeah, yeah, yeah," I shook my head as I copied down the answers. "Don't rub it in." She nodded and watched me intently as I copied down the answers. I really hated trigonometry. There was no point in learning about trigonometry. ' When would we need this in daily life? ' I would always ask myself. It wasn't like we would need the sine of 38