A/U Disclaimer: I do not own anything of THG series. Warning: kinda sorta graphic smut If you enjoy smut, skip to this: ~;~;~;~;~;~;~;~;~;~ If you don't enjoy smut, skip and continue when you see this: ~;~;~;~;~;~;~;~;~;~ In a dimly lit bar sat two young gentlemen in their mid-twenties, exchanging stories of their weekend's past; they guffawed and bantered, while downing drinks like they were water. One of the tall gentlemen arose to get another round; after a while, his friend noticed that he was taking longer than he should. In addition, he was a dark-haired man so he was easily lost in the crowd. Growing concerned, the friend got up and started searching for him within the crowd of sweaty, drunk men. He shoved and slid his way through annoyed, drunk people – his blonde hair moving through the crowd like melting gold – he finally made it to the bar where he then found his mahogany haired friend. "Gale! Person! What's taking so long?" the blonde man shouted over all the people. "I'll be there in a sec, man, I'm talking to someone!" Gale shouted back, and then held up the drinks. Blondie couldn't wait – he wanted to drink – so he pushed through more people, until he was near his friend. Unfortunately, there was a tiny, young woman in his way. "Excuse me, Miss?" he blurted at the back of her head. "Gale, who the fuck is this?" The young lady turned around to face him, a coy smile on her face. "Hi Cato. Am I in your way?" she giggled. "Katniss? What are you doing here? You hate crowds," Cato responded, perplexed. "Oh, no worries, I was just leaving. Have a good night," she grinned, and proceeded to squeeze through people, her small frame allowing her enough space. "What was she doing here?" Cato asked, annoyed. Gale took a sip of his drink, looking a bit somber, "she had good news." "What news?" Gale sighed, furrowing his brows, "she's getting married, dude." Cato paused, his face turning red. "What? To who? Don't tell me, it's baker boy. Fucker makes a few muffins, and suddenly she's in love," he sneered. "Uh, yeah, man." "You've gotta be kidding me?! Wasn't he just supposed to be some fucking rebound?! What the hell? One date, and then she stops hanging with us, and then she falls for the muffin licker, and now she's marrying the fuck?!" Cato slurred, angrily. "Dude, he's a great guy to her, man. Makes her cheese buns, and talks about his feelings." "This is bullshit, man," Cato sighed. He then took his drink and downed it angrily. "I'm going home." "Come on, man," Gale half begged. "You don't have to do all that." "Nah, fuck this man. I have feelings, I can buy her some fuckin cheesebuns! Not to mention, she didn't even tell me! How rude is that?!" he grabbed his coat, pushing people and stomping away. … Cato went home, and started some drunk social media stalking. Katniss removed him off everything, but forgot to block him so he was still able to stalk her with what little information he could find. It took him about 30 minutes to type her name correctly, thinking the "A" key was an "S". Finally, he typed it right and after 20 minutes of scrolling through wholesome posts about her sister or baker boy or hate posts about cats, he found out that got engaged to baker boy three months earlier. They had been planning their wedding since then, and we're getting married in a week at the same chapel Cato had planned to marry her in. He thought to himself in his intoxicated state I only have a week to ruin this wedding. He made up 30 plans, one of them even involved switching bodies with baker boy somehow; he soon passed out thinking of all his stupid plans. The next morning, sober and coffee'd up, he continued his stalking – he didn't have work that day, so he could do whatever he wanted. While refreshing her page multiple times over an hour, he found that she was trying on dresses at a really close bridal shop, and it was in walking distance. He thought it over, shamed himself for being such a creep, but on impulse decided to just take a stroll and meet her there. What harm could it cause? While walking over there, his whole body felt like a battle field of conflict. He wanted to run back home, watch Netflix, work out, go on with his life, then again, he needed to go there, and see her. All the while he knew if he did, he'd be back in the same rut he was in when they first broke up and she started with baker boy. He made it there within 5 minutes so there was no stopping him at that point. He couldn't walk in, he didn't have an excuse – he just stood to the side, hiding. He ducked down when he saw her, but making sure he could still see her somewhat through the store window. She wasn't as visible as he had hoped; he thought it would be like a movie type thing, and she'd come out, sparkling. She didn't though, all he could see were her dark tresses cascading down a white dress; she was talking to a store clerk. All he could see was the back of her, and he still thought she looked beautiful. Her skin was glowing and flawless, her hair darker then before – she probably got it dyed, he thought. She turned around a bit to look in a store mirror; he saw somewhat of the entire dress and a huge grin on her face. He wished she was happy because she was marrying him. After a little while longer and watching her try on a few more dresses, he decided to leave. He was noticing an urge to go inside and kiss her, so he decided to not follow at least one of his impulses. … He texted her that night. Cato: Can we meet for coffee tomorrow? Katniss: What. Cato: Don't "what." me. Can we meet for coffee? Katniss: Sure, I guess… Cato: Great, um, 3PM good? Katniss: Uh, sure. I can't stay too long though, I'm having dinner with Peeta tomorrow. Cato: I don't think I care. Don't be late. … Katniss was a complex girl, but simple at the same time. She shut people out who hurt her, but also shut people out, in general. She fell in love with baker boy because he was safe and different from Cato. She met him through her local bakery. Every day that she went in, the owner would advertise his son Peeta to her. " He's a wonderful boy, he'll make you cheesebuns. He needs a wife, and you're perfect," he'd say. For the three years that she was with Cato, she told the man, "no, no, no, no, no." One day she came in, looking forlorn, but the owner wasn't there, it was Peeta. He was there for her through her breakup, and after 3 months, he made his way out of the friendzone, somehow. Together for 1 and half years, and Katniss thought she was in love, but she wasn't; she felt safe and liked that feeling. She shut Peeta out a lot, even though he never hurt her. The only person, besides her therapist, that she ever opened up to was Cato. He hurt her, but she longed for him, everyday. When he asked for coffee, she couldn't say no, she needed to see him – it was wrong, but she needed him for some reason. It's just coffee. Probably wants to catch up or something, she tried to convince herself. … "So, uh, how you been?" Cato awkwardly mumbled, while sipping hot coffee. "Pretty okay. You?" Katniss responded, shyly. "Uh, well a bit offended," he admitted. "At what?" "You didn't tell me you were getting married," he smirked. "Oh," she sighed, pulling a hair behind her ear, "I didn't think you'd want to know." He raised his brows, nodding. "I mean with the way things ended and all." "No need to bring that up," Cato sighed, stirring his coffee. "Well, why else would you ask me to meet you for coffee?" she furrowed her brows. "To see how you're doing maybe?" he shrugged. "And, find out why you didn't invite me." "Well, I'm doing okay. Can I leave now?" she grinned. "Am I invited to your wedding?'" "...no." "That's rude, Katniss." "You're rude," she frowned, and rolled her eyes. "You know, it's getting late." Cato bit his lip in frustration. "Okay, I'm sorry, please." "Why did you want to meet for coffee?" "Um," he scratched the back of his neck, "I needed to see you, alright? I know that sounds pathetic, but I really did, and I want to know how you're doing and what it's like to almost be married." "Are you serious?" He stared at his coffee and didn't respond. "Okay," she sighed. "I'm doing fine. Being engaged is nice; Peeta's nice. It's kind of like being in a relationship, but there's anxiety attached to it." "Anxiety?" he asked, smirking. "Yeah, like it's kind of scary, I'm going to be with this man for the rest of my life in a week, a week. It's terrifying, but great. He's great." "Do you plan on having kids with him?" Cato asked, genuinely interested. One could cut the tension in the air with a butcher knife, it was so awkward. "One day, Cato." "Remember when we wanted kids?" he shamelessly asked. "Oh god, Cato, please," she rolled her eyes. The coffee shop felt dead silent at this point, all you could hear for a few minutes were people's breathing, and coffee sipping. He cleared his throat, cutting through the quiet. "Uh, so I met this girl." He hadn't met a girl. "Oh really?" she small smiled, her face lighting up. "Yeah, she loves coffee, an-" "She loves coffee?" she cut him off. "Yeah, and we've been seeing other for about 6 months or so," he lied. "Wow," she grinned. "That's so great." "Yeah, um you want to leave? I'm kinda done with my coffee, and I can tell you are, too." "Oh yeah." He chuckled, "you still nervously eat, I see." "Haha, yeah," she checked her watch, noticing it was still early, unfortunately, "it's getting pretty late, Cato, I should go." "Oh yeah, true. Can you walk me to my apartment, though? Please?" he slightly begged. "Oh, um, sure. You're still walking distance, right?" "Yeah, we can, uh, talk about my girl while we walk," he smiled. 'His girl' was Katniss. He needed a way to get everything he loved about her off his chest to someone. He couldn't tell her directly, because she'd leave, and he couldn't tell Gale because Gale wouldn't listen. Everyone wants to hear about a new girl in your life though. "What does she look like?" Katniss asked, eagerly. "Well, she's got this beautiful chocolate brown hair – goes all the way down to her ass," he chuckled. She scoffed, "could've just said it was really long, Cato." "Well how else am I supposed to mention her ass," he chuckled, looking at Katniss' ass since she was slightly walking in front of him, "it's perfect." "Oh well," she smiled, as they reached his stoop. "This is home for you." She had the nagging feeling of not wanting to leave yet. This was the first time she had smiled and laughed with Cato in months; she missed it. She checked her watch again, and she had about 2 and half hours before the dinner. She tried to get herself to speak up and tell Cato, knowing how Peeta would feel about her being late and her reasoning. Although, she couldn't even remember what Peeta's face at this point. "Yeah," Cato chuckled, after a