CHAPTER ONE Haldir looked up towards the night sky. He frowned. A thick layer of cloud blocked out the light of the stars. He knew long before the clouds appeared that the night would belong to a storm. He could smell it in the air and was expecting it. A storm would not make their task at hand much easier. He looked towards his companions, standing still as ancient statues reminiscent of times long past. Tuiven, Mallos and Ferion, all hidden beneath the cowls of their grey cloaks, like mere shadows of the young tall trees they stood beside. They had stopped upon a cliff face, overlooking a deep cavernous valley below. The wind came suddenly, a strong torrent pulling their cloaks in every which direction, tearing Haldir's hood away from his head, revealing his face. A drop of rain hit him, rolling down his cheek, followed by another and another. The storm was now upon them. The night was young. They still had work to do. Beside him Ferion readied his bow, an arrow was knocked and ready to fire, he fidgeted restlessly. "They are late, Haldir," he said with a note of anxiety. "They will be here soon enough." "Perhaps they passed us. Mayhap we miss judged," Tuiven suggested. "I did not misjudge," Haldir said confidently. The worst part of any mission was waiting, waiting for the inevitable battle, for the end to come. The forthcoming storm wasn't the only thing Haldir could smell in the air. For three days now they had been tracking a large band of orcs. Forty strong. It was folly to attack a band ten times their size, but the orcs had taken a captive. Haldir would not subject anyone to the hands of orcs or their masters. Once he had determined their probable route, Haldir and his companions rushed ahead to meet them in ambush. The time was now upon them. "They come," he said in a low whisper. A flash of lightening illuminated their grotesque forms. Their stench was strong, lingering in the air heavily with the added humidity of the summer rain. Haldir searched the band and found the wisp of golden hair he sought before the light vanished, leaving in its place a loud rumble of thunder. The orc's pace had appeared to have slowed. Orcs were not invincible. They too had travelled hard for four days with no rest, coupled with the added weight of rain soaking into their heavy leather armor. Haldir could tell the orcs were in need of rest. Haldir looked towards his companions. A flash of lightening illuminated their faces. "Arrows ready," he said. "We are to time our attack with the next roll of thunder. Leave none alive." Thunder roared. The four elves loosened their arrows. Taken unawares the orcs fell as arrow after arrow brought them down. The next flash of lightening confirmed their victory. None were left standing. Haldir took a minute to gather his companions. "Tuiven, you shall stay here and give us cover." Tuiven nodded his head solemnly. Haldir did not want to be caught by surprise if a smaller group of orcs had been trailing behind. He knew their tactics all too well. He led his other two companions swiftly down the hillside. Rain continued to fall, making the ground slick and wet. Oversaturated soil broke loose, sticking to their boots in large clumps. Once they had reached solid ground, the group broke out into a run towards the slaughter site. The air stunk of wet orc. In the dark of night Haldir searched for that wisp of golden hair. His looked up and down columns of fallen orc, until at last he saw it at last, oft in the distance hidden beneath the body of a large orc. No, no, Haldir thought, running towards the body, praying they did not wait to ambush the orcs too late. Sliding to his knees he threw the orc off delicate body. Since they had first spied a captive amongst this band of orcs they had known the captive to be of their own kind. He carefully settled the elf so he was lying prone upon his back. His wrists and ankles were tightly bound with crude rope, digging so hard they broke the tender skin, leaving a growing stain of fresh blood on the sleeves of his tunic. Haldir held his breath as he searched for signs of life. He carefully brushed the pale cheek, shivering at the lingering darkness as a chill ran down his spine. He closed his eyes, fighting not to pull his hand away. He had not felt such a darkness in a very long time. He felt for a pulse and waited. His breath caught in his throat. He is cold as winter's frost. "Captain?" Mallos softly called, approaching from behind. Haldir let out a sigh of relief. "He lives." Mallos knelt beside Haldir and together they carefully cut the bounds from the elf's wrists and ankles, and checked him for further signs injury, to which they found none. He looked so frail, laying there in he mud wet with rain surrounded by the stiff bodies of rotting orcs. Haldir did not recognize the elf, but he had not expected to. "Where is Ferion?" Haldir asked. "An orc still lives. Ferion is questioning him." "I see." Ferion oversteps his bounds. "He is cold. Tis unnatural," Mallos whispered, brushing a stray hair away from the elf's face. Haldir unclasped his cloak, placing it over top of the elf. "Take him back to Tuiven and see to his wounds. I shall retrieve Ferion." Mallos stood with the elf cradled in his arms. He looks naught but like a child. Haldir surveyed the battlegrounds. It was a mess. Orcs lay everywhere, their weapons scattered, their blood tainting the ground beneath them. Nothing shall ever grow here again. The land would forever be barren. It sent an unnatural shiver running down his spine. There were situated too close to Dol Guldur for his comfort. He could feel a lingering shadow from the East. Ferion stood over an orc, with a knife in hand and hands black with orc blood. "It would tell me nothing," Ferions said, his tone dangerously calm. "I prolonged its death with pain, but still it would not speak." Haldir frowned. "That is not our way." "Come," he said. "We shall know more once that elf awakens." Ferion slowly made to follow Haldir. "We must make for the cover of trees. Soon this valley shall be crawling with more of their kind." "Then let us stay. We shall take them all down. Herein lies a good vantage point." "No," Haldir said sharply. He was weary. They still had a long way to travel and now with one injured. Their journey home would not be an easy one. "Those are not our orders," Haldir added softly. "If we will not fight them who will?" Ferion asked. "Those human villages scattered throughout Rhovanion? Their numbers are too few. They have long lived in peace and have forgotten the dangers of the growing shadow, but evil stirs once again. Can you not feel it? Is this not proof enough?" "We have orders to gather news and watch. Nothing more," Haldir replied. They would not have stopped for this band of orcs had there not been a captive. "Now come." Once they had regrouped with the others, Haldir had commanded they seek to the west immediately. "This is no place to linger," he said. "Soon this valley shall be crawling with orcs." It was said the orcs were drawn to the deaths of their own kind. Haldir did not want to wait and see if such rumors played true. They kept close to the trees, each taking a turn carrying their charge. Mallos and Tuiven had cleaned and bandaged his wrists, and changed him into dry clothing, before wrapping him in Haldir's cloak. The rain had since let up, Haldir did not feel his cloaks' loss as keenly as he would have, though he did feel exposed and open without the weight of it around his shoulders. They journeyed long into the west till they felt the rising sun warming their backs. Only then did Haldir dare to stop and allow them a reprieve. It was upon the bank of a shallow moving stream that he chose for them to make camp. Haldir would not openly admit it but he was beginning to feel the strains of long hard travel. He was weary; it had been many days since they had last sought rest. It had been his turn to carry the elf. He gratefully placed him down beneath the protective branches of a large elm. "Captain, where do you think he is from?" Tuiven asked, settling himself beside the elf. In the silence of their journey Haldir had thought long and hard about this elf. There were so many unanswered questions. Who was he? Where did he come from? How was he captured? And Why? That was the most important question, Haldir thought, the why . Orcs did not take prisoners. They killed their enemies in battle. So what was so significant about this elf that he was captured and left whole? His only injuries were those where he was bound too tightly. He frowned. They had been uncharacteristically gentle. "I do not know," Haldir replied. "It is best not to make any assumptions till he awakens and tells us himself." Tuiven smiled. "His hair is of golden sunlight." He ran his fingers through it. "Tis so soft. He must not have been with the orcs for very long. For that I am grateful." His hair. Haldir knew that was a clue to the riddle of this elf. Golden hair, a rarity amongst their kind in Arda, few were blessed with such a color. Haldir had his suspicions of this elf, but would not dare speak them aloud. Even amongst trusted companions were enemies where lurking amongst shadows. "Do not get too attached to him," Haldir warned. "Once we arrive home, he will be placed in the care of Lord Celeborn." "All the more reason to enjoy looking upon him while he is here," Tuiven replied. Haldir placed his bow against the tree, and took off his quiver placing it next to it. "I am to go bathe," he said. "Call upon me should he awaken." The waters helped to soothe the tension in his muscles, as Haldir washed the filth of travel away from himself. For once there was a break in the clouds. It had been days since he had felt the warmth of the sun upon his skin. In such as short time, how he had come to miss it. But, now was no time to grow lax. He decided once he was to return to camp he would set watch. He feared they may not have put enough distance between themselves and the danger behind him. Orcs may have an aversion to sunlight, it slowed their movements but they would withstand it need be. For now though, he felt at peace. Haldir leant forward on a rock. Resting his chin upon his arms, he allowed his eyes to glaze over in the way of rest. Slowly he blinked his eyes open, allowing them to adjust to the brightness of day. His eyelids felt heavy, he felt weak as if he had overslept. A great elm loomed over top of him, soft rays of sunlight filtered through the branches, welcoming him to wakefulness. Carefully he pulled himself up into a seated position, leaning against the trunk of the elm. He cringed feeling an aching pain in his wrists, and looked with alarm seeing they were wrapped in thick cloth bandages. He had been injured? What happened to me? Slowly he looked around from left to right. Where am I? Panic began to set in. This tree, this place, he did not recognize it. Beside him something