A/N: So, I tried to be stern with myself and NOT post anything new until I'm at least nearly done with MBH but I couldn't help myself! I started this a while ago and I'm really loving it. It's an idea I've had for a while and kinda reminds me of how I met my real life love. In a nutshell, my bf (of five years now) found my MySpace (back in the day! Lol) and my status said that I was lonely cuz my current jerk of a bf had just broken up with me. He sent me a message, asking if he could cheer me up, we had similar friends and were from the same town (at the time I was living farther north) and BOOM! Within a week, I was back home and with him. So, technically we met online. Never thought I'd say that... I've always had more friends online than off so I guess it made sense. Anyways, enough of my talking. I hope you enjoy my newest creation! And, as always, I don't own anything but my imagination. Chapter 1: Saturday, Day One "Mike, are you kidding me!" I scramble out of my office and towards the smoking toaster oven. Halfway there, I feel my feet slip out from under me. My hands flail uselessly, trying to stop myself from falling. My fingers latch onto the clear bagel display case but, yet again, the door wasn't closed all the way so instead of holding me upright, the door opens, causing my fingers to slide along the edge and down the rack of pastries. I fall flat on my ass, a deluge of sesame seeds and bread raining down on me. "Oh shit, Bella, are you okay?" Jacob is suddenly behind me, his strong arms gripping me and pulling me back up before I get any more soaked in what turns out to be a puddle of milk on the floor. He looks around in confusion but his eyes quickly light up in comprehension when he spots the growing black cloud. In a single bound, he's over the spill and unplugging the toaster. "Mike!" I yell again, spinning around and catching him across the room, chatting up some blonde bimbo—again. "Sorry," I hear him mumble at her before sprinting to the counter. He leans over it, taking in the scene behind the register. "Oh, shit." "Yeah, oh shit," I say sarcastically, putting my hands on my hips. "Care to explain?" " Well, I was just warming up a bagel-" "On full power?" Jacob interrupts with a laugh, opening up the door to let some fresh air in, apologizing to a few disgruntled customers as they rush out the door. "It was on full power?" Mike says with a nervous laugh. "Alright, so you don't know how to use the toaster oven," I grumble, waving my hand at the mess on the floor. "Do you also not know how to pour milk? Or close the damn pastry door?" "Well, I just... I mean, there was this-" "Save it Mike," I snap and shake my head. "Just... clean it up and let Jacob take care of the actual preparing and serving. You can just run the register—just give exact change today. Count it twice if you have to, I don't care." "Yeah, okay," Mike mumbles, glancing forlornly at the retreating form of blondie as she leaves the coffee shop. I had never thought running my own coffee shop would be so hard. It's located in the heart of Seattle, surrounded by plenty of office buildings with busy businessmen that need a constant supply of good, strong coffee at their fingertips. Plus, the nearest shop was an overpriced Starbucks who's employees seemed to hate the world. Maybe hiring Mike was a bad idea... Two weeks here and he still couldn't seem to figure out the difference between decaf and regular coffee. Never mess with a coffee addict's caffeine. Without a second glance—even after I hear Mike drop yet another coffee mug on the ground—I rush into my office, trying not to slam the door behind me. I search in the bottom drawer of my filing cabinet where I keep my extra clothes, needing another pair of jeans, but I only come across a few shirts. "Damn it!" I cry, slamming the drawer shut. Maybe I should just skip out for a bit to change. Sighing heavily, I throw my soggy apron on the floor and turn to my computer to send out an email to our bagel supplier. Thanks to a certain blue-eyed idiot, we're in need of a fresh supply of bagels. Again. Making sure not to describe a certain employee with unflattering names, as well as using a ton of inappropriate expletives, I write out the email and figure I'll just surf Facebook for a few minutes. Hopefully one of my online friends is having a worse day than me. Just as I'm exiting my email, a new one pops up. To: cafegirl87 From: DoubleEBar Subject: About last night... "Last night..." I say in confusion. Last night I had been cuddled up on the couch with the newest episode of Cupcake Wars and a big bowl of popcorn. Not to mention I was asleep by ten. Yes, I lead a very exciting life. I consider deleting the email since I have no idea who the person is. But then I hear the sound of more ceramic breaking. I squeeze my eyes shut for a moment, tell myself Jacob will take care of it, and open them again. With a shrug, I open the email, curiosity and procrastination getting the better of me. Dear Jessica, I normally wouldn't stoop to this kind of communication regarding these issues but we're swamped at the bar this weekend and plus... well, you have my phone, I believe. To get straight to business first, while I did enjoy your very unique brand of wine, I don't think that the regular clientele at Double E Bar would appreciate the boldness of the flavor. I do admire your tenacity and persistence to find a kind we would be able to stock but at this time, Emmett and I both agree that while we thank you, we won't be able to take your winery on. Now, I have had a lot of fun getting to know you personally and though I was wary about it at first, your form of entertainment was, to say the least, interesting—or at least what I remember was. Back in my college days, I was known to attend the occasional pub crawl, but bar-hopping was a totally different experience. Same thing with Karaoke. Wow. Please, tell me I didn't sing anything too embarrassing? I'm not holding out too much hope for that considering I woke up with my jeans pockets full of phone numbers—half of which were from men. But speaking of clothing... In the addition of my mobile phone, do you also have my t-shirt? I don't remember taking if off last night but, apparently, I did. And someone wrote, "I'd take the midnight train going anywhere just for you, baby" in permanent ink on my chest. What the bloody hell does that mean? Hope you can get back to me soon. You can call me at the bar or just email me back. Thanks, Edward Masen Owner, Double E Bar Chicago I couldn't help but laugh. Sounds like this guy had one fucked up night. And who doesn't know Journey's Don't Stop ? Doesn't he watch Glee? Oh wait, he's a guy... Probably not. I think about deleting the email (again) but realize this guy is needing answers. He lost his phone, his shirt and probably his pride all in one night. Gotta give the guy something. My fingers hover over the keys before swiftly typing out a reply. From: Cafegirl87 To: DoubleEBar Subject: Re: About last night... Dear Edward, Sounds like you had quite the experience last night. Sorry to say, you got the wrong email address. I spent my night at home last night and my name is not Jessica. I also do not have your cell phone or your t-shirt. I do, however, know about what was written on your, uh... body. It's a line from a song by Journey called "Don't Stop". It's a rocking song; you should look it up. I have to admit, I'm curious who wrote the note for you. If it's a guy, unless you swing that way... well, I hope you don't come across him again because it sounds like he's really into you. I hope you find what—and who- you're looking for. Sincerely, Not Jessica I look over my email, knowing I sound dorky and not at all as clever as I was going for, and send it off, figuring he doesn't know me and we'll probably never talk again so what the hell. I hear yet another something being dropped to the floor and groan. Pushing away from my desk, I grab a clean apron and wrap it around my waist before going back out into the cafe. I hate to find out how much Mike is costing me in one day. After another milk fiasco, two more shattered dishes and a broken coffee bean grinder, my patience is gone so I take off for home. In fact, Jacob offers to close up for me so that I can leave before I kill Mike. The guy has the nerve to smile and wish me a good night like today was a fucking great day. Ugh. And the two of us open in the morning. Someone needs to tell me why I hired this guy... and why I haven't fired him yet. He couldn't even remember what time we open. Jacob actually hissed it in his ear before I could throw something at his head. Seriously. Mike basically owes Jacob his life. There are some nights that I really need the six block walk home to clear my head. Today was one of those days. I pop my ear-buds in my ears and play something loud and angry on my iPod while I walk home in the cool night air. Sadly, even over the booming bass of my music, I find myself thinking of the mysterious Edward. I wonder if he'll find the elusive Jessica that has his stuff hostage. I also wonder if I'll hear from him again. "Pffft, doubtful," I say, making the old man standing next to me glance over in confusion. I blush and lock my eyes on the walk signal as we wait for it to change. When it does, I hurry away, tripping slightly as I step off the curb. My bad mood is only slightly better as I step into my apartment building but I get a bit annoyed when I see that the elevator is broken. Again. Well, at least I don't have an arm full of groceries like I did last week. I trudge up the three flights of stairs and arrive on my doorstep only a little winded. I dig out my keys—which have fallen to the bottom of my purse, of course—and let myself in. I flip on my lights to my tiny, shabby apartment. It's really only three rooms: the living room, complete with a small kitchenette like in hotels, a little bedroom and a bathroom. When I first moved in, I opted for the smaller apartment with the bigger bathroom which had a decent sized tub I could soak in. All the others had larger bedrooms but a standing only shower. Not gonna happen. Especially if I have to deal with Mike. I need my soaking tub. I toss my keys onto the counter next to the coffee-maker—because running my own coffee shop does not fill my need for the drink—and dig in the cupboard for some dinner. I pull out a can of chicken and dumpling soup and my small soup pot and