A/N: So I had said a while ago that I was going to do monthly holiday themed One-Shots and I know I got behind on it. I never intended to and though I don't make New Year's resolutions, I do plan to write more. New Year's day 2014, I was sitting at home, bored out of my mind and a bit bummed because my guy decided to go on a motorcycle ride with his buddies. I had already spent two days out of the week home alone (though I did enjoy my Twilight marathon while by myself!) so I was kind of upset that he left, but wanted to give him time with his buddies. While he was gone, I sat down and just started writing and the majority of this came out within about two-ish hours. Like my other O/S, it's NOT beta'd, meaning all mistakes are mine. And honestly, if you don't like it, just don't read it. I won't mind. I wrote this for my enjoyment and to keep myself from being too down. I would appreciate if anyone reading this (as the say goes) if you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all. This is a work of FICTION, and it's not meant to be completely serious. Please, just... be kind. Thank you. Midnight Bar and Kisses No one likes to work on a holiday. Though most places pay extra when you do, who would want to be away from their family when it's the time to celebrate? Me, that's who. It may have something to do with the fact that I don't have any family left to spend it with. I also happen to love my job. I've worked at Midnight Bar for the past three years, and at the age of twenty-four, I'm the youngest bartender the place has ever had. I had my interview with Emmett a week after I became legal to drink, and I spent that whole week learning every different alcoholic drink that I could. Emmett, a big bear of a man who was clearly trying to intimidate me with his bulging biceps and death glare, didn't want to hire me, but his partner, Jasper, complete opposite of Emmett with his lean body and calm demeanor, had insisted on giving me a chance. Emmett grumbled that they had been burned too many times by cocky party kids that thought they were the shit because they could tell the difference between tequila and vodka. Without giving him a chance to protest, I threw my long brown hair into a messy ponytail and grabbed a couple glasses and some bottles of liquor and began pouring. The rest is history. One of the things that Emmett and Jasper love about me is that I'll work anytime. I graduated school early, went to the community college to get my degree in English and after all that hard work, I really wanted to do something fun with my life for once. I lost my mom in a car crash when I was three, which didn't matter too much since she left when I was a baby, and my dad died from a heart attack when I was ten. I miss him everyday, and ended up having to grow up with my Gran, but she passed away just after I graduated. She was eighty-two. I saw it coming, but it didn't make it any less sad. Everything combined made me feel like I had to grow up pretty damn fast. Now, seven years after becoming essentially an orphan, I've made my peace and I've gotten used to being alone. Though, with my job, I always have someone to keep me company. Being a bartender is part work, part patience and part therapist. Just last night, I had three businessmen trying to seal a deal with a new client, two drunks that hit on my so hard that Emmett had to kick them out, and a middle-aged man trying to deal with his divorce. And that was all before ten 'o clock. I know tonight will be worse, though. New Year's Eve always is. My alarm shocks me awake at ten A.M. I roll out with a groan, stumbling toward to bathroom and jumping in the shower before I can give myself a chance to try to sleep in. Last night, I hadn't gotten in until nearly three in the morning, and I couldn't fall asleep for another half an hour. I want to sleep more, but I have to go to the grocery store before work, so I need to get moving. The shower revives me a bit, and I step out of the shower with my body wrapped in one towel and my hair in another. I paw through the closet, settling on a tight, black button-up shirt and my best pair of dark-washed skinny jeans, figuring I may as well dress up at least a little bit for New Year's. I throw the clothes on the bed and dig through my underwear drawer, pulling out a plain pair of panties and a white bra. Just before I toss them onto the bed, I hold them up for a moment, rethinking my choice with pursed lips. Not that I have any plans of getting lucky tonight, there's no reason why I can't be sexy just to make myself feel good. With a shrug, I put them back in the drawer, and instead pull out a pair of lacy purple boy shorts and the matching push-up bra. I put them on with a smile, tossing my towel into the dirty laundry basket. Back in the bathroom, I blow dry my hair and then plug in the curling iron. While it warms up, I sweep on some dark mascara and brush dark gray eyeshadow onto my lids. After framing my dark brown eyes with some black liner, I pick up the curler and give my hair some nice bounce and wave. I look damn sexy, if I do say so myself. I wiggle into my tight jeans and pull on my top, giggling at how awesome my boobs look, with just enough cleavage peeking out that I just may get a few extra tips tonight. Combing my fingers through my long waves a few times, I shuffle into the kitchen to grab a granola bar, noticing that it's the last one. I throw it into my purse, shoving my feet into my black boots. Just as I'm about to head out, my phone rings. "Hey, Jazz, what's up?" I say after checking the caller I.D. "Bella, I really hate to do this to you, but do you think you can come in an hour early?" Jasper says in a hurried voice. "Yeah, sure," I tell him, glad that I had forced myself out of bed when I did. "I need to stop by the store first, but I'll be there." "Thanks, darlin'," he sighs, his southern accent more pronounced as he relaxes. "Jessica quit on me, so I'm one short tonight." "She quit?" I groan, stepping out of my apartment and locking the door behind me. "Shit, I thought she was just joking when she said she was going to." "I know, me too," he says, and I can hear glasses clinking in the background. "She was threatening it for weeks, but I couldn't take her seriously." "I know what you mean," I mumble, with a quiet laugh. Jessica loved the attention she got working at a bar; she claimed her boyfriend, Mike, hated it, though, so every week she said she was going to quit for him. Then, he would come in with her, asking for free drinks. Finally, Emmett got tired of him mooching off of Jessica's tips and banned him from the bar. "Anyway, so you might be on your own most of the night," he continues apologetically. "I asked Eric if he'd come in, but he said he had plans." "That's okay," I tell him honestly, heading in the direction of the grocery store two blocks away. "Oh! Before I forget, could I get a ride home tonight?" Jasper laughs. "Truck break down again?" he asks, still chuckling. "Yes," I mutter, rolling my eyes. The boys were always making fun of my crappy truck. I didn't care; I thought it had character. "I'm sure one of us can," he says. We hang up just as I get to the store, and I grab a hand basket as I head to the cereal aisle. I wander around the store for a few minutes, grabbing the few items I need; before I go to pay, I stand in the middle of the baking section, going over what I have. "Cereal, tea, razors, yogurt... what else," I mumble, looking in my basket. I tap my foot, thinking, and then it hits me. "Oh! Granola bars!" I whirl around without looking, and run straight into someone. "Oof!" We both grunt as our food goes flying. I hear my yogurt burst open on the tile floor, and from my spot on the floor, I look up to see who I ran into, just as my box of cereal smacks me in the face. "Geez, ow," I say, rubbing my forehead where the box hit. "Don't you watch where they hell you're going?" a male voice snaps at me. I sit up, still massaging my forehead, and gasp. I ran into a gorgeous man with this amazing color of reddish brown hair; he's tall and slightly muscular, but not in an obvious way. He looks vaguely familiar; at the moment, though, he's covered in something bright orange. I look to the left and see that a carton of orange juice exploded all over his once clean white shirt. "Oh my God, I am so sorry!" I exclaim, scrambling to my feet and reaching toward the man. "I can take that in to get cleaned for you!" "Forget it, it doesn't matter," he says angrily, standing up and shaking the juice off his hands. "I have more shirts." "Are you sure?" I insist, my hands fluttering uselessly as he looks around at the mess. Besides my yogurt, all my other things are intact, but his juice and box of crackers have been destroyed. Not to mention his shirt. "It's fine," he sighs, his gaze meeting mine. His intense green eyes soften slightly at my horrified expression. "Really, it's no big deal. I can get it all later." "Seriously, could I buy it for you?" I ask, gesturing at the ground. "It was my fault." "I have to go to work," he says, looking down at his shirt, his arms out. "I'm on my lunch break, and clearly I need to run home to change." I bite my lip, trying to figure out what exactly he had been trying to buy, and what I could do to make things up to him. "Listen," I say slowly, fidgeting with my fingers. "I'll buy your stuff, and you can come into Midnight Bar tonight, and I'll buy you a drink." "Are you asking me out?" he asks, raising a thick eyebrow. "Because I think I may be a bit old for you." "What? No!" I say, blushing furiously. "I just want to make up for ruining your shirt! And, I just thought, you know, a drink could, I mean. Shit." I bury my face in my hands, mortified, and he gives a low chuckle. "Alright, I'll come by," he says, and I peek through my fingers to see him still smiling. "I'll see you around seven." "'Kay," I mumble weakly. Laughing still and shaking his head, he walks away. An employee walks up, looking disgruntled, and begins cleaning up. I mutter a quick sorry before running down the aisle to gather the things I need to buy. After dropping my own stuff off at my apartment, I grab my black leather jacket and rush out the door, now running late for