AN: A little one-shot that was actually supposed to be a drabble, but I fucked up. Ah, well. Next time. But this popped into my head- short and joky. Anyone reading this, feel free to send me any Jake/Bells prompts if ya want. Uhrrr, no beta. I just roll with it so sorry in advance for any mistakes. Sidenote: Inspired by imagining Jake dancing to the iconic song My Dick by Mickey Avalon . Anywho— disclaimer— just doing this for fun and making nothing off it blah-de-blah... Bella's eyes ballooned to impossible measurements by the minute as the stage was graced by a familiar figure. A figure she'd known almost her whole life, a figure she'd melted into for hugs, one she leaned upon her time of need. And now this figure was front and centre on a spacious sleek stage in a shady club. It was dimly lit with a few set of LED lights surrounding the stage emitting up misty strobes of purple and aqua blues that succeeded in creating a sultry atmosphere. It was an unusual little thing found on the edge of town where Bella had to drive around a couple times to find. She noted an impressive amount of female hands stretched out at the dancing figure rapidly clawing at his feet. Those claws were ready and eager to reach out and touch the object of their affections. Bella felt her own claws beginning to poke. That object affection or rather attention was her best friend... and a little more . Bella's mind had flickered over every known reason to man for Jacob Black's sudden avoidance for the past two weeks—it ranged from family issues to pack duties to tactical espionage operations for the government. The last time she even had a conversation with him was three days prior when she practically begged him to find some time in his busy schedule so they could hang out again. Bella missed him terribly and if it wasn't for his one promise from months back, her mind would venture into dangerous territories she'd work too hard to escape from to go back. Jacob would laugh that too husky and low laugh that she swore vibrated her receiver and it warmed her chest and face. He'd reassure her that he had a lot of pack responsibilities and a few wolf disputes to tend to (a certain fiery she-wolf and an incorrigibly crude pack member came to mind) and by the end of the week, they'd be reunited. He reminded her that being Second was not merely an Alpha's substitute during a rare but succinct absence, but involved a lot of physical and mental training, vigilance and strength. All of which needed to be at the point of unbreakable when he succeeded Sam and protecting his land and tribe hadn't just become responsibility but a heartfelt commitment. Bella's mouth would turn up a crooked angle, a cross between a proud smile and a pout as she'd playfully remind him that the pack weren't the only ones who relied upon his strength. "My strength, huh?" he'd counter in low dusked tones that told her the conversation was heading into progressively comfortable territory since they'd both made their feelings clear, but decided that taking it slow was something they'd both benefit from based on her past. Eight months ago she'd be worried by his saucy suggestions but now it made her have to stifle girly giggles she hadn't emit since she was ten. "Tell me more about this... fascination of yours, Bells" he'd all but purr. "Hmm, see now, I remember using the term rely " she'd reply in a mockingly stern voice. "Semantics" he chuckled at himself lightly and Bella didn't need soothsaying powers to know he was leaning into his counter with those deep midnight eyes almost boring through the receiver. She knew because she was doing it too, hoping maybe she could reach through the phone and drag him into her kitchen. Maybe then she'd finally be brave enough to ravish those petal soft lips the way she'd wanted for a while—shirtless or not. A sudden thought would occur to her then. "Jake, are you naked?" A short pause followed before those honeyed tones responded in a whisper that made butterflies the size of bats stir within her tummy "I like how you get straight down to business, honey" She'd snicker despite herself, of course she'd give him more flirtatious ammunition but she didn't mind one bit "Jake—no, it's just that—uh—" her stammering and stumbling was immediately interrupted by a powerful rumble of laughter that made her heart flutter and she'd beg it to be still. His voice always sounded a little more sultry than he'd mean it to be whenever he was in a state of undress (previous close encounters in the forest after she'd witness him phase effortlessly in the flesh suggested so) Bella just about managed to control her laboured breathing until they'd finally hung up reluctantly (more so on her part). But not before she'd make him promise to see her at least the coming weekend. There was a noticeable bounce in her step when she flitted around the kitchen, noticeable enough that Charlie's moustache twitched at the knowing smirk forming below it. From her breathlessness at his relentless teasing and the stained scarlett blush that spread all the way down her laced chest—she was a hot mess and yet she cared as much as she did about her one of her father's games he'd religiously watch with Billy on weekends. That Monday afternoon kept the light in her eyes for a good two days before she started getting paranoid again and she couldn't help it dammit, she knew something was up. And whatever it was she wanted to help him in anyway that she could. With growing determination that's how she found herself driving down to La Push after barely escaping Mike Newton's persistent inquiry on how she was spending her weekend. Throughout the drive she'd feel a subtle sense of relief wash over her and soothe her concern. Bella would expect him to come running outside with that powerful, blinding grin and to be enveloped in those strong warm arms of his. He never did. She'd feel a strange flash of deja-vu as she sat in her truck, but then a tap on her truck window made her jump. Her brows would jump a little in mild surprise at her visitor before she'd grudgingly rolled down her windows—he was possibly the only person who could help her "You lost, Swan?" Paul Lahote smirked delightfully with mischief in his eye. Bella would brace herself for the next six minutes for his never-ending innuendos, penetrating to the bone snark and leering eyes all just to find that Jacob was not home and somewhere off the reservation. And that somewhere was here. In a private club that catered apparently to young as seventeen and old as seventy—something she'd guess by obvious teenaged girls screeching wildly with all the excitement of a chimpanzee hopped up on coke...in Disneyland. And a silver haired pearl skinned woman who was reserved but her subtle smile showed how pleased she was with the show. Bella shrunk further back in her seat, she managed to bypass any restrictions the owner would've made for her sudden appearance just by dropping a mention of Paul's name—a favour she'd have to return when hell freezes over. Bella found a secluded area west of the club at the very back with a glittery silver round table and a surprisingly plush jet black chair. She made herself as comfortable as she could get (in a place where sex, sweat and carpet cleaner where mingled together in a concentrated repugnant scent) ordering a bottled water from someone she hoped was a waiter and then just watched him. Her Jacob graced smoothly down the catwalk-esque stage with intentionally slow and sensual movements that made the women's squeals intensify to ear splitting levels. When her water was set down politely in front of her, she smiled appreciatively and grabbed onto it like a lifeline and sipped slow and steady. It didn't do much to soothe her ire—were the squeals of anticipation and eyes glazed over with desire keeping him too preoccupied to have a friendship? Bella didn't know whether to laugh, cry or throw something at his head and ruin his performance. In the space of two weeks, her best friend (and some) became Fork's own one-man Full Monty. She didn't miss the impressive amounts of cash stuffed down his cut-offs and splayed around his bare feet. Fucking actual dancing wolves—was anything real anymore? Bella's eyes roved over Jake's naked toned torso, the delectably smooth caramel skin that gleamed in those misty purple-blue lights didn't need any of the help. She found herself licking her lips and wondering what it'd be like to sweep her tongue along the line of his collarbone. If he actually did taste like caramel, she'd gladly have him on her pancakes every morning. Her eyes trailed down to where his cut-offs slung so very dangerously low on his hips as he rocked them into a grinding movement suggestively. Bella swigged the bottle of water now vigorously as the squeals reached a new level of piercing screeches. She felt her face burning and her heart clearly sped up as result of working double time to help, it was distracting her from the verbal beat-down she was saving for him when his time with Fork's bachelorettes were up. Her eyes lingered far too long on those hips and were trailing a little further down that perfect V-shaped torso and she involuntarily gasped "Jake..." Jacob's eyes snapped towards her in a heartbeat and it she found herself stuck on them, they were a shade darker and subtly widened in what she hoped was fear. It took him a few seconds to remember himself and to her surprise he cut his act short—disappointed moans and coaxing noises were made amongst the ladies, but that bright smile that rivalled the actual giant fiery ball in the sky's own left a wave of hushed sighs and hums of satisfaction. Bella almost wretched in disgust, but the thought of leaving without giving him a piece of her mind immediately quelled the abrupt nausea. "Ladies, give it up for our special guest Black Magic !" she heard nasally female tones boom over her through black speakers. There was no amount of water left in her bottle to cover her loud snort, Black Magic ? Bella irritably watched Jacob collect his cash before he'd leap off the stage with a fluid grace she'd never have and for some reason it pissed her off a little more. He'd jog towards her tactfully avoiding his adoring fans and a curvy brunette who seemed determined to make eye contact with him. He neared her table tentatively and gave her an adorable sheepish smile that almost softened her temper. "Hey, Bells..." he trailed off at her glare that she was sure could melt a stick of butter. She responded in a cold, detached tone that made him flinch " Hey, Black Magic . Been a while." His shoulders slumped a little, but he kept a sober mask on while he pulled out a chair from a table to her right and dragged it back to her own. He sat opposite her, the round disco table a much needed obstacle between them. Bella was still thinking of ways to swing at him without breaking her hand. Jacob cleared his throat a couple of times before speaking "I didn't want you finding out—" and that small unfinished admission was what did it. Bella shot up from her chair, planting both hands on the silver table and leaned over him with all the menace she could muster. Jacob's expression was a cross between frightened and...excited? "Well I did, Jacob. You know, I thought you were so weighed down with responsibilities