Chapter 1: I'll Be Home Soon. (Part 1) Panic is a dreadful and treacherous emotion. It feels like your heart breaking and your stomach dropping, all whilst your mind is trying and failing to sort the irrational from the rational fears. It's at this crucial point that your body betrays you. The simplest of actions, like a heartbeat, or even taking a shuddering breath, starts to physically hurt. You are engulfed by a new wave of anxiety as you realize that, yes, you are panicking. This is the moment where you lose all control of the problem at hand. It's such a futile and counterproductive response. Even more so when you're all alone. This was what was happening to Johanna. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't keep the panic at bay and so it engulfed her. Inch by inch, liquid sand pulled her further down. It wrapped around her chest, squeezing tighter with every breath she took. The slightest movement resulted in sinking even faster. With no solid ground close enough to scramble for, Johanna had no choice but to accept that death was the only outcome for her current predicament. Over the last few days the thought of death had never left her. She had envisioned countless possibilities, some quite imaginative and flamboyant, most of them gruesome, but slowly drowning in sand had not been among them. It all happened so fast and unexpectedly that it almost seemed unfair. How foolish of her to have ever thought she had a chance in winning the Games, or to think she would see her family again. Her brothers, her father, were they watching now? Never had Johanna felt so hopeless and alone as when all of Panem was watching her die. "Johanna... Mason!" Felix Crain's voice echoed harshly over the town square. Johanna's world had suddenly taken on a surreal quality, as she saw Felix's pine-green lips mouth the words. His thick Capitol accent made her name sound alien. It wasn't her he called for, it wasn't her name on that slip of paper, it just couldn't be. Numb, she stood in the District 7 square surrounded by thousands of children. Her eyes fixed on the escort and his fluorescent green suit. On the three gigantic screens behind him, Felix was portrayed larger than life, those deep green lips repeating the words - her name, again and again. But Johanna seemed unable to process what just happened. Somewhere in the background a woman cried out. People nervously glanced at Johanna and the girls surrounding her stepped away, as if bad luck was contagious. Stop it! Stop staring you idiots! Johanna thought, You'll draw their attention. They'll think it's… just then the cameras found her and she saw herself replacing Felix Crain on one of the screens. … me . Her long brown hair, usually tied out of the way, flowed free with a pale blue ribbon keeping it in place. The borrowed dress she wore accentuated her undernourished figure. She barely recognized herself. She was sixteen years of age but the girl on the screen could easily have been mistaken for thirteen. Another camera had found one of her elder brothers Herod and his wife Helena, who was crying uncontrollably in his arms. It must have been her scream that Johanna had heard before. Not until seeing them projected in front of her did Johanna accept the reality that she had been Reaped. These kinds of things didn't happen to people you knew; not in her world, anyway. District 7 was huge, so the chances that you would be personally affected by a Reaping were tiny. Both her brothers had survived it without ever losing a friend or classmate and Johanna had never known any of the children Reaped before her. "Chance of one in a million!" Herod used to say, when she was still too young to take part herself, "So don't you worry your pretty little head about me, Jo." He and Alexander would head off for the Reaping, joking and laughing and come back in the same good humor. That fun-loving boy was not the man she saw on the screen. Herod's face looked pale and his eyes glazed over, as if all the life and joy had been sucked out of him. Johanna felt the sudden urge to run to him, but before she even had the chance a Peacekeeper grabbed her arm and pulled her towards the stage. Inexplicably overjoyed that the tribute had been located in the crowd, Felix Crain called out to her, "Don't be shy, my dear! Come up here and show yourself to the world." Herod disappeared from the screen, replaced by Johanna surrounded by Peacekeepers. As they dragged her forward she looked back in desperation, hoping to see either Herod or Alexander. But all she saw were hundreds of children relieved they weren't her. She received another rough nudge from a particularly burly Peacekeeper persuading her forcefully to continue walking. Stumbling forward a spark of anger rushed through her veins. Dare do that again, you freak of nature. Johanna thought, as she flashed him a furious look. But she almost immediately changed her mind. Fighting would be unwise, they knew who she was and they knew her family. There was no other choice at this time but to comply. Clenching her teeth and with her eyes fixed to the ground she made her way to the stage. Seeing herself on the screen was upsetting enough but the looks of pity from the other children were excruciating. A bunch of hypocrites, She thought, It's not like any of them are rushing to volunteer. Pity me now and then rush home to celebrate that it wasn't you this year? I bet by the same time next year none of you will remember my name. It wasn't until she reached the stage that she dare glance up, only to look straight into the silver, gleeful eyes of Felix Crain. "Up you come, love," he said, as he reached for her hand to help her up the steps. He smelled distinctly of rosemary and his skin glowed in the afternoon sun. Johanna blatantly ignored his outreached hand and got up the stage by herself. If Felix was in any way embarrassed by this gesture then he didn't show it, and happily guided her to the centre of the stage. Behind him Johanna got a glimpse of the five District 7 Victors, sitting in order of their winning year, Adrian Harding, Leila Kessler, Sylven Burk, Blight Woodrow and Oren Burk. All looked either grimly disinterested or bored. None of them showed any interest in her except for Adrian who caught her eye and gave her a weak smile, nodding slightly. He was the youngest of the victors, winning the Games eight years ago. As a reminder two large scars disfigured his face, leaving him blind in one eye. Without the iris, it created a stark contrast against his dark skin. Felix turned Johanna to face the crowed and held up her hand in triumph. His hand was cold and clammy. His high-pitched and dynamic voice transmitted from the speaker system. "Ladies and Gentleman, I give you JOHANNA MASON! Your District 7 tribute for the 71st HUNGER GAMES!" A faint clapping came from the Victors behind her, but despite Felix's enthusiasm the crowd remained silent. Hundreds of pairs of eyes stared at Johanna, all divided between two emotions. Some relieved, others nervous; still waiting for a name to be drawn from the boys' bowl. As Felix walked over to the bowl with boys' names Johanna became aware of movement among the crowd. In the distance she caught a glimpse of her father trying to get past several Peacekeepers. A man with a fiery temper, he would often act without thinking. In a desperate attempt to reach her he called out her name. Seemingly in slow motion, she watched him fight off several Peacekeepers in a frenzy of anger before two raised their batons and he disappeared from her sight, underneath the nervous shuffling of the crowd. It happened so fast that it caught her off-guard. "Dad!" Johanna screamed, pushing her way in front of a surprised Felix, who was still poised over the bowl. The shock of knowing her father was being beaten - even if she couldn't see him, only the flashing of the Peacekeepers' batons, again and again, with a sick kind of rhythm - with not a single person coming to his aid, made tears swell up in her eyes. Her mind raced a hundred miles a second. How could she help him? Could she help him? Before she was able to do anything someone grabbed her shoulder. "Get away from me!" she cried out and whirled to face whoever it was, tears blurring her vision but she was ready to hurt whomever it was trying to stop her. "You'll only make it worse," Adrian advised her calmly, clutching her arm. She found herself staring - glaring - at him. He must have seen the commotion even before Johanna did. Half-blind and half the weight he used to be, Adrian was still an imposing man to have standing next to you. Helpless and confused, Johanna could do nothing but let the tears run down her cheeks, even as she swiped at them with the back of her hand. Adrian was right, Johanna was well aware of the consequences linked to disrupting the Capitol's pageants. If she ran to her father's aid now he would only suffer more, and she would be thrown back onto the stage. So she didn't move, not even when Adrian returned to his seat. As if nothing happened Felix continued with the Reaping, flashing an easy smile at the crowd and dipping his hand into the bowl. He called a name, but Johanna didn't hear it. With blurred vision, Johanna watched a skinny thirteen-year-old boy named Faunus Morrell come up to the stage. There were no painful cries from for him. Or maybe she just didn't hear. They must have shook hands at some point but that too was lost in the blur of emotions. Not until she sat alone in the tiny waiting room, praying for her father to burst through the door, was she able to calm herself and regain control of her thoughts. They wont hurt him. Not really hurt him. They need him don't they? For the interviews… Don't they? Thankfully Herod and Alexander walked in before she had time to doubt herself. Johanna jumped to her feet and Herod wrapped her in a hug, a show of affection so unusual that it left Johanna at a loss for words. Alexander answered her unspoken question as he gently placed his large hand on her head. "Don't worry Jo, Helena is with him, he'll be okay." Relieved, Johanna let herself relax - if only slightly. The worries of her father's safety had been so overpowering that she almost forgot her own situation. But an awkward silence followed. All three stood there, unable to speak, as if by refusing to acknowledge her Reaping it would somehow be less real. Both her brothers, young men in their twenties, were loggers like her father. These were proper working men who didn't show emotions. The best way they knew to deal with painful situations was to ignore them. But that wasn't going to work this time. Herod, the least stubborn of the three siblings, broke the silence. Still holding Johanna's shoulders he pulled her close again. "Come back, Jo," he whispered. "Don't you dare even think of doing anything else." Johanna felt the pain in his voice. His arms tightened around her, making her feel small and frightened, but safe. "At this rate you'll suffocate me before I even have a chance to go, you dimwit," she joked weakly to stop herself from getting to emotional. She almost choked on her on words. Maybe that'd'be better. When he finally