Notes: The Fanfiction Writer's Oath I promise solemnly: 1. to write about characters with accuracy and not out of character, 2. to respect the comments of readers and take their advice to improve, 3. to correct grammar and have a Beta look over my chapters, 4. to finish the story, feeling accomplished, unless you do not feel you have the inspiration to continue. I accept these responsibilities and shall honor them always. Chapter 1: The Dinner Meeting Percy "Okay guys, gold or silver?" Rachel said as she held up her mismatched nails. Grover looked up from his phone, astonished, from the back seat and exclaimed, "Rachel, they tested that nail polish on animals!" "Oh, Shut it, tree-hugger!" Rachel joked with a smile as she pulled her blue hair brush out of her back pocket. She had her freckled legs folded crossed and opened the shotgun mirror to brush her wild red hair. "And for your information, they're not. Besides, you're such a hypocrite! Weren't you the one who said, 'Screw all those global warming forest freaks!', after they built a garden over our senior lunch table?" "Nope, I don't believe you." Grover said flatly, looking out the window, arms crossed. Rachel gave Grover a sly smile and sing-songed, "Oh, Percy!" Percy, sitting in the driver's seat of his blue Jeep smirked, "Dude, I've got it on tape." "Ah-ha!" Rachel yelled in delight and pointed a finger at Grover saying, "Ever since you started dating Juniper, co-president of the Eco Warriors, along-side Moi, you've been all about 'saving the world'!" Grover, in denial, yelled, "I've always been about saving the world!", his shrilly, high-pitch voice filled the car. Rachel resumed painting her nails. "Yeah right! You've got to be kidding…" Percy usually didn't tune out their annual after school bickering session, but he knew today was the last day to see that girl from across the parking lot. Calypso. He could see her saying her final goodbyes to her friends. He watched as she laughed, nodding her head sweetly to a girl telling her goodbye. He wondered if he should say something. He'd been trying to avoid their last moment together because, honestly, he didn't want anything to be the end of what they had. From the distance, he watched as she turned her around, her eyes searching for something. Confusion crossed her face until her sad almond eyes met his. His palms were starting to sweat, as she made her way towards him in her white dress, caramel braided hair and peach skin. Gods, she's beautiful. Ever since she enrolled in Goode High School-which was exactly 2 months ago- Not that he kept track or anything... He couldn't help but stutter, gawk and drool when she passed him in the hallways. They had become friends after she went to one of his swim meets. Percy was hoping it would become more, but now that her father, a military man,was being relocated to Australia; he would never see her again. His thoughts wandered to what it would feel like to kiss her on the lips, instead of that hug he got after he won 1st place at the State Championship Swim Meet. He wasn't complaining, though. That awesome hug was better than nothing. And quite frankly, he was surprised she still kept talking to him, because he kept blushing and stuttering like Porky Pig on Looney Tunes. Definitely not his finest moment. After realizing she was halfway to his car, he quickly checked his mouth for drool, ran his already messy black hair with his hands and stumbled out of the car with swag. He heard laughter from his car and started walking towards Calypso, hoping the blush of embarrassment wasn't showing too much. They were within 15 feet of each other when a black SUV stopped Calypso, beeping and rolling down the window. She bent down and started talking to the driver, holding up her index finger with scrunched eyebrows. Quickly, she ran around the huge car and straight into his arms. Her body was warm, but her hands felt cold wrapped around his neck. The smelled of cinnamon encased him, along with the dancing strands of hair tickling his ear. She released him, wiping her eyes and laughed with embarrassment? Nervousness? Sadness? He wasn't sure. Percy studied her face with a new realization and blurted, "Wow, I didn't know you had freckles." He could just see the, your an idiot flash through his mind. Calypso laughed a real laugh and glanced at his embarrassed face. She put a hand on his cheek, teasing, "I didn't know you could blush." Percy began to smile, and then frowned, "I guess this is it, huh?" Of course it was, she's leaving for good, he thought glumly. His whole life had been a failure, or so he thought. Year, after year, no matter how innocent or young Percy was, he was expelled from every school he'd been to. He made few friends and had many enemies. He was so unlucky compared to his sister, who always found dollar bills lying on the sidewalks of Olympus for her to pick up. And to top it off, he felt like a failure in his father's eyes. How in the world could he run a company by the time he graduated high school, let alone be the CEO? The only thing Percy excelled in was swimming. It was like he belonged in the water. It was because of swimming that got him into Goode High School, the last good Greek school in the country, Olympus. His parents told him it was his last chance to finish the year off strong before graduating. For a month or so, he thought things were finally looking up for him and his senior year. He met his best friend Grover Underwood and was going to the same school as his childhood friend, Rachel. Percy even had all the places he was going to take Calypso during the summer planned out. But with his luck, obviously that wasn't going to happen. "Yeah, my dad's already got everything packed. We're leaving in 30 minutes." She looked down and for a second, Percy thought she was going to cry. But, she just kept her head down, not wanting to meet his eyes. He tipped her chin upwards to his face and said, "Hey, don't worry. I'll write to you over the summer." She smiled and joked lightly, saying, "You? Writing a letter? I'd like to see that!" "I would!" "Promise?" Percy smiled, "Calypso, I promise." Suddenly, it became really quiet and Percy glanced at her lips and then her eyes. She seemed to be thinking the same thing and with a silent agreement they cocked their heads to the side and … BEEP! BE-BEEP! BEEEEEPPPPP! They jerked backwards, their faces red and quickly glanced at the SUV. Percy's hand found its way to the back of his head and the other one in his pocket. Her driver, rolled down the window and pointed at his watch, but she ignored that and yelled, "Give me a second!" Calypso, blushing, surprised Percy. She kissed him. Grabbing both sides of his shirt, she pulled him straight to her. Right then and there. It was the kind of kiss that left him wanting more. It wasn't quick and gone by the time he opened his eyes. It was slow, capturing the mood perfectly. BEEP! She pulled back and yelled, "Alright! Alright! I'm coming!" to the driver, although her eyes were on Percy with a slight smile tracing her pretty pink lips. And with that, she gave Percy a quick hug, ran to the SUV and shut the car door; leaving him staring at a black non-see-through window as the SUV left the parking lot, the school and him for good. He could have stood there forever in shock, but Rachel honked his car and yelled, "Come on, Lover boy! It's the last day of school and I'm getting sick of looking at this wasteland!" When Percy got in the car and dropped them off at their houses, the whole time, Grover teased him with the song, Sitting in a Tree to saying: 'She'll always be your biggest what if!' Rachel, on the other hand, acted as if he had finally become a man and said, "My little Perce is finally growing up!" And of course she had to add in the fake tears. Rachel always had a way of being overly dramatic. He rolled his eyes, asking, "Remind me again, why I drive you guys everywhere?" "Because without us, you'd probably get into a huge car accident!" Grover said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. Rachel, changing the radio station, laughed and said, "Grover's right, you're probably the most reckless driver I've ever seen. I bet your driving instructor peed in his pants when you ran over that Stop Sign." Percy broke into a laugh. "It was a one-time accident!" He came to his house around 5:30 after dropping off Rachel and Grover, and was starving for some dinner. Percy walked down their long hallway that was filled with shells, crystals and more exotic sea stuff that his father had gotten from foreign beaches he'd traveled to. Each one proudly displayed with a title and date. Percy's favorite one was the sea shell he found at Montauk, New York in America. It was naturally ocean blue and had been his favorite color since he was six. He had a lot of good memories there … Except for the time Hazel almost died by drowning. That wasn't so much fun. "Mom! Hazel! I'm home!" Percy entered the kitchen to find his mother busying herself with the oven. He bent down to kiss mom's cheek. "Hey, sweetie. Got you your favorite." She pulled out a bag of blue jelly beans from her purse on the kitchen counter and handed them to him. "Thanks Mom!" he said, already stuffing them in his mouth. "Dad still at work?" His mom, Sally Jackson, gave him a puzzled look and said, "Uh no, he's actually upstairs in his study. Business call from Praetors Zeus and Bellona." She pulled out the garlic bread from the oven she made and set them on the stove. When she was done she leaned against the refrigerator, her full brown bangs covered her blue eyes until she looked him in the eye saying, "We're having a family meeting." "Oh come on!," bursting with a groan, he slumped against the refrigerator. "If I have to sit through another lecture on how I will become the next CEO of Jackson Seas Incorporation, I might just die inside." "Percy! You know if your father heard you, he would have an absolute fit!" She scolded him and then sighed with sympathy. "Listen, Percy, I want you to do what you love, but for the time being; you have to follow through with your father's plans." "Why can't Hazel do it?" he whined like a little 5 year old. "You know she get's sea-sick, hates sailing, plus- wait a second…" She stopped mid-lecture and gave him a confused stare. "Didn't you pick her up?" "N—" As if right on cue his sister, Hazel, quietly opened the kitchen door with a sigh. With her back facing them, he could see her quickly fixing her sleeves and skirt. Just as her hands were reaching to fix her hair, mom knocked her fist lightly on the island countertop. Percy had never seen someone turn around with a fright so quickly. She looked like a deer in headlights."M-mom! Percy! What are you guys doing here?!" She fiddled with her gold, diamond necklace and smiled innocently at them. "We live here." Percy replied bluntly. Mom crossed her arms with disbelief. "Alright Hazel, where were you?" But before Hazel could answer, the home phone rang. Reluctantly, Mom went to get the home phone and Hazel gave Percy her signature please-cover-for-me bambi face. He tried