Author's Note: written for the QLFC, Season 5 Round 3: Truth or Dare - a truth that is hatred Team: Pride of Portree Position: Beater 1 Word Count: 2,971 excluding Author's Note Prompts (bolded): 5 (difference), 6 (midnight black), 13 (lamp). Sirius wiped blood off his face with the sleeve of his robes. His cheek was beginning to bruise where Remus' punch had landed. "I trusted you." Remus didn't shout, but his voice was full of accusation. "How could you?" "It was only—" Sirius began. "Only what?" Remus interrupted. "A laugh?" Sirius shook his head wildly, his hair flying around with the movement. "Moony—" began James. "What was the best possible outcome?" Remus ignored them both. "That he'd be scared?" There were two livid spots on his cheeks. "I could have killed him, Sirius!" "Well, we'd be rid of Snivellus…" It was the wrong thing to say. Remus' face was an angry red now, and Sirius took a step backwards, fearing another punch. "Are you out of your mind ?" Remus hissed. "You would make me a murderer just because you don't like Snape?" A muscle in his neck twitched. "I could have bitten him! I could have turned him into a..." He trailed off meaningfully. "Don't you know me well enough by now to know I wouldn't wish that fate on my worst enemy?" James tried a smile. "Remy, come on… nothing happened…" Again, it was wrong thing to say. Remus turned on James, and the smile waned. "Nothing happened?" said Remus. "Right. Nothing . Except that you handed my deepest secret to Severus Snape! By tomorrow, the whole school will know." Now, Remus seemed to falter. "I'll be expelled, I'll—" "You won't," said Sirius, again dabbing at his nose with his sleeve. "You won't," he repeated, as though trying to convince himself. "I'll talk to Dumbledore, and—" Remus turned away. "Don't bother," he said in a flat voice. "Not even Dumbledore can excuse something like this. Snape could have died. Or worse." Peter came up to him and laid a hand on his arm. "Listen, nothing really happened," he said. "In any case, it wasn't your fault, right?" For a long time, Remus didn't answer. "Right," he said finally. o0o Remus decided to wait until nightfall. He stayed in the library until curfew, and then, instead of making his way to Gryffindor tower, he went down the stairs to the Entrance Hall and pushed the great oak doors open. When they closed behind him, he felt a sense of loss that was hard to explain, but he didn't look back. If he was going to be expelled, he'd beat them to the chase. There was no point in waiting around so people could spit at the werewolf as he left the castle with his wand snapped. Remus lifted his chin. He was leaving Hogwarts, yes, but at least he was doing so in his own terms. He first spotted the shadow as he passed the beech tree by the lake. Even though it was a moonless night, the profile was easily recognizable. "What are you doing here?" said Remus. "Come to gloat?" Snape stepped forward, and his eyes glinted in the darkness. "Gloat about what?" he said. He sounded tired, but Remus couldn't find it in him to pity him. "About almost having died? About nearly having been bitten?" He laughed mirthlessly. "Not a whole lot to gloat about, is it?" "Then what do you want?" Snape didn't answer. "What a noble sacrifice you're making," he said instead. It was too dark to see, but Remus could hear the sneer in his voice. "Leaving the school like a fallen hero." Remus bared his teeth. "What do you care?" he snarled. "Bet you're glad. Finally got what you wanted, huh?" "No, actually," said Snape calmly. "Your dear friend Black must have begged on his hands and knees. Maybe even offered to do Dumbledore a favour , if you follow me," he said, and the obscene gesture that followed his words made his meaning perfectly clear. "Shut up," growled Remus. "You're making this up." But if Snape was telling the truth, if he hadn't been expelled… "Maybe," said Snape with a vague gesture of his hand. "Maybe not. Ask him, why don't you?" He smiled a nasty, twisted smile. "Ask him what he did to convince Dumbledore not to expel you. Ask him if he—" "Shut up !" Remus said again, louder. Snape's smile widened. "You're a right foul git, Snape, did you know that?" "I've been told before, yes," Snape answered. "Usually by Potter, but I guess one of his sycophants is an equally good option." Remus wondered where Snape's usual snarly, jumpy manner had gone; how he could be so calm when Remus' own hands were shaking. "James saved your life," he said between clenched teeth. "So maybe think twice before you insult him." That seemed to break through Snape's impassiveness. He took a step forward, and his eyes, midnight black in the darkness, bore into Remus. "Potter is a coward," he said softly. "He got cold feet at the last second. He was saving himself as much as me. Maybe, unlike Black, he even spared a thought for you," sneered Snape. "Unlikely, I grant you, but," he shrugged, "anything's possible. Wouldn't do for him to lose followers." Be the bigger man, Remus. He took a deep breath. "Whatever," he said, ignoring the insult. He strode past Snape on his way to the gates. "I'm going." To his surprise, Snape's bony hand closed around his arm. "Didn't I just tell you, you haven't been expelled?" A growl rose from Remus' throat and he shook himself loose with a jerk of his arm. "So what?" He glanced at Snape. "If you're going to blab about it to your little Slytherin friends tomorrow, it won't make a difference . Dumbledore'll be forced to chuck me out anyway. So—" "I've been sworn to secrecy." Remus gaped at Snape for a second, before snapping his mouth shut. "What?" "You heard me." Remus tried to make sense of the situation. He failed. "And you agreed?" Snape scoffed. "Of course not," he said. "I was told in no uncertain terms that I'd be summarily expelled should I decide to open my mouth." Remus squinted in the darkness, trying to make out his expression. "So why are you here?" he asked finally. "What do you care if I stay or go?" "Oh, I don't," Snape said, shrugging one shoulder. "I just thought you might be interested in—well, in a sort of partnership." He pushed a strand of hair away from his face. "Which will not work if you're not here." Remus raised his eyebrows. "If you want me to betray my friends, you can—" "While I would love to set your wolf-self on your little gang," interrupted Snape, "that's not what I had in mind." "What then?" "You've heard of Damocles' experiments, yes?" said Snape. Remus nodded. His mouth felt dry, and he had to clear his throat before speaking. "But the potion's still in the experimental stage," he said. It was also horribly expensive, and thus useless to him. "I can perfect it," Snape said. "I can make it so you'll retain your humanity during the transformation." Snape sounded so sure of himself that Remus couldn't bring himself to squash that faint feeling of hope. "And in return?" he asked. Snape smiled, knowing that he had won. "Werewolf blood has all sort of uses," he said. Remus shuddered. "Let me know." And with that, Snape strode off, back towards the castle, leaving Remus to stare after him, utterly bewildered. o0o "See? Just like I told you," Sirius said. "A talk with good old Dumbledore—" "—And detentions to last us a lifetime—" interjected James. "—and everything's solved," finished Sirius with a triumphant smile. Madam Pince shushed them as she walked by, and the four boys bent their heads to their textbooks until she was out of sight. "Huh, Moony?" said Sirius, almost bouncing in his chair, waiting for Remus' approval. Remus finished scrawling a sentence in his potions essay and nodded wearily. "Sure," he said. "Doesn't make it alright, though." James and Sirius exchanged a look. "Well, yeah," said Peter, "but at least we're still together, right?" "Sure," said Remus again, shrugging slightly. He felt drained. The usual post-transformation fatigue was creeping up on him, and every joint in his body ached. "Want to go throw bread at the Giant Squid?" said James, taking Remus' half-hearted assent as confirmation that everything was indeed fine. "He loves it." "Squid don't eat bread," said Remus, not looking up from his book. "And besides, I have to finish this." James and Sirius exchanged another look. "Well," said James getting up and stretching, "see you back at the common room, then." Sirius gave him a last questioning look before getting up, but Remus just gestured to his essay and dipped his quill in the inkwell. When he heard the door of the library close, he put the quill down and sighed. He replayed Peter's words inside his head. At least we're still together . But he wondered how true that was. Since his run-in with Snape by the lake, Remus felt as though a rift had opened between him and his friends, and Snape's words remained burned into his brain. I can make it so you'll retain your humanity during the transformation. Try as he might, Remus couldn't see a trap. If Snape wanted him gone, he could let things slip, bit by bit, until someone else figured out the nature of his condition. But still, he hesitated. Snape was Snape, and he wasn't easy to trust. With another sigh, Remus rose to find the book Lily had recommended, only to find the spot where it should be empty. He walked over to the counter and spotted it in a pile labelled 'hold'. With a stab of remorse and a quick look around to check that Madam Pince wasn't watching, he took it. o0o Half an hour later, a shadow fell on Remus' parchment. "Sirius, just leave me alone," he said. "I told you—" "You have the Valverde-Gimferrer treatise." It was not Sirius. Snape stood looking at Remus down his long nose, the faint light of the lamp making his profile appear even more angular than it was. "So?" said Remus, moving his arm a little, as though to shield the book. "So I put it on hold last week," said Snape. He held out his hand. "Give it." "No." He said it on impulse, but Snape's murderous look quickly made him soften the negative. "I need it. Only for a bit." Snape said nothing, but he kept staring at Remus with his hand outstretched. "Look, stop glaring at me," said Remus. "We can share," he said. He had no idea what made him offer, but he tried to smile. "I really need it, you know I'm terrible at Potions." Though Snape held the undisputed record of cauldrons melted per week, he still was top of the class, Merlin knew how. Remus, on the other hand, was tied for last place with Frank Longbottom. It wasn't that he didn't try, he just couldn't concentrate. The smells gave him headaches, especially after the full moon when his nose was still sensitive, and he couldn't think properly. But instead of smiling sympathetically, as anybody else would have done, Snape sneered down at him. "Give me the book," he said. His voice was a deadly whisper, and his left hand had disappeared inside the pocket of his robes. Remus was sure he had a tight grip on his wand. "Now." "Fine, alright, relax," said Remus, snapping the book shut and pushing it towards Snape. "You keep it." Snape's hand came out of his pocket and Remus breathed a little easier. "I'm waiting for an answer," Snape said as farewell. As he disappeared amongst the shelves, Remus scratched his ear and tried to