A/N: So, this story is a stand alone, it follows the characters through Harry's sixth year and the happenings in HBP, I will obviously be taking artistic license as its only partial cannon in regards to relationships, situations that occur and the development of the war. It IS SLASH so if you don't like that you can still read this story and skip the MXM chapters as I will have chapter warnings when it will occur. Relatively slow burn but I already have several chapters written. I've done a little research on Snape's childhood home and background pulling from both movies and books as well as fan-made-dissections of Snape's passed, his home and his position in the war. I want this to be as realistic as possible and stay as true as possible to Rowling's work but as it's a fanfiction story you will obviously see changes in some of the things that happened in the books and movies and some things will or won't happen all together. Questions, comments, corrections or constructive criticism is welcome, no flames as I never learned to appreciate them. One last note, I do not have a computer and write most of my stories on a pad, my pad often makes REALLY stupid auto corrections and sometimes I don't catch them. I've tried my best to edit these chapters, going through them multiple times but sometimes my correction of the auto correction still doesn't turn out right because it auto corrects again. Please pardon any typos, misspellings or improper grammar as this this is pad is not near as clever as it should be and I often miss things. Please enjoy and R&R Much Love, Apprentice08 Chapter One Snape's Memory He is sitting in the darkest most dirty corner he can find. He's hoping, though his hopes have been dashed before, that if he can just stay small enough, crunched up and head down then his father won't notice him. It's been three hours now, he dares to raise his head and glance at the cracked face of the clock on the mantle, three and a half he realizes. His father's voice ringing through the house, his mother biting back but mostly just screaming and grunting as he beats her down, as he destroys her spirit. Another crack of skin on skin and then a thump, more violent vulgar words fly from his father's lips and Severus hears a sob, the first one she has let out since this roe started. He can't help but feel proud of her despite his shame flaring in his chest due to his own inaction. He jerks his head down as he hears the heavy footsteps approaching and his heart beat intensifies but as the shadow falls over him it doesn't even linger. It washes, like some sort of nightmarish phantom, over his balled up form before it slides away and his father is out the front. The sound of a door opening and shutting, than an engine starting and as the tires squeal and the noise of the old motor fades off into the distance he still doesn't move though his anxiety has started to dissipate. He remains frozen, still too scared to move, the tick of the old abused clock is the only sound in the still house. Suddenly a noise is heard, a sort of crawling noise, a clothed body on wood, and then a soft whisper, "Severus? Severus, come to mummy." In an instant the boy is scrambling up and peeking around the corner of the living room wall to look into the kitchen. His mother lays there on the floor, one arm stretched out above her head, the other palm pressed to the floor as she tries without success to get up. " Severus, come to mummy, please mummy needs you. My clever boy-" she pants out just above a whisper. He moves without hesitation and comes to sit on his knees before her, his tiny hand gently brushing the red matted hair out of her face. " Did he- hurt…. Hurt you my love?" she asks as a tear rolls down her face and dark brown eyes try to search him over for any visible signs of violence. He shakes his head no and relief washes over her face, "My darling, do you remember where mummy keeps her special box?" Severus thinks a moment, his eyes scanning his own young memory and he silently nods, "Oh! Good boy! Can you get- oh Gods, can you get it for mummy please?" Severus hesitates and she gives a weak smile, "I'll be okay, just go get my special box, that's my good boy, go on." The boy moves quickly, running back through the sitting room and tripping as he rushes up the stairs, they creak and groan under his light weight but it doesn't seem to deter him. When Severus reaches his parents room he stops at the threshold, his father always gets so mad when he goes into their room. Yet, his mother had told him to and she needs him. He ran forward and dropped to his belly before shimmying under the bed and pulling at the old dusty floor boards. He was greeted by the site of an old oak chest, no bigger than a shoebox and he quickly pulled it out and hurried back downstairs. When he reached his mother he waited but no response came from her. " Mummy? I got the box." she didn't stir and Severus quickly shook her, a groan escaping her lips and his heart fluttered with relief. " Such a good boy-" she whispered, "So handsome…" " I got the box mummy." " Open it." her voice was fainter than before, more groggy and Severus grabbed her shoulder and shook her lightly again, "Blue, the blue bottle for mummy." she managed to mumble out. Severus's hands were shaking now, tears in his eyes due to the bad feeling washing through his chest. His mother had never been this unresponsive before, she could always get the box herself, could always help herself, he didn't understand why she was so tired. He opened the lid and pulled out a small blue bottle and desperately tried to remove the stopper. He ended up using his teeth and spit it out as a bitter taste greeted his mouth. Not sure if it was what he needed to do but not knowing anything else he moved on his knees and lifted her head to lay on his lap, "Drink, mummy." He said as he moved more hair out of the way. His hand was withdrawn quickly when he saw the state of her face and his breathing came in heavy pants, "Mummy! Mummy drink it!" He brought the bottle to her lips and used his other hand to open her mouth. Gently he poured, small amounts over several minutes. When the bottle was empty he set it aside and stood, laying her head back on the ground. He rushed to the sink and found the least dirty rag he could, soaking it in cool water from the tap he returned and started to gently clean her face, "I'm here mummy. Wake up, please wake up." Another soft murmur from her lips and her eyes cracked open, his heart exploded with relief, "I'm here mummy." He kept repeating, continuing to remove as much blood, dirt and spit as he could. A half hour passed and finally she began to stir, "Severus, my clever boy, is there a green bottle in the box?" He quickly looked, grabbing up the only green bottle he saw and held it before her swollen eyes "Yes. That's it. Open it." He repeated what he had done before, struggling a little less to uncork the bottle and slowly gave it to her. Little sips at a time until the bottle was empty, and then his mother gave a soft smile, "Thank you my darling. Such a good boy." she seemed more awake, seemed more alert and Severus noticed the bruises and swelling were fading. Another half hour ticked by and soon her face was near normal save for the pale color of her skin and a few faint traces of the ring his father wore. She pushed herself up on shaking arms, one wrapping around her ribs as she let out a little grunt of pain, "Put the box on the table for me, will you darling. I need to make more medicine." He helped her to stand though it did little good as he was still very small and managed to get her to the table, he picked up a toppled chair and when she sat she let out another wince and grunt, "Do you see the book in there Severus? Is my notebook still in the box?" Severus picked up another chair from the floor and on his knees, using his hands for balance peered over into the box and noticed for the first time the spine of a little brown book wedged between the remaining bottles and the back of the box. He pulled it out and went to hand it to her, "Page eight my darling." He waited a moment, not sure if he should comply, father always got so mad when his mother did such things as this but when he eyed her with uncertainty she gave a soft reassuring smile, "Papa won't be home for awhile, it's okay, it's just you and me. I want to teach you, wouldn't you like that?" Slowly he nodded, still not sure how to feel about it but embracing the small amount of excitement working it's way through his chest. " Page eight my darling, you and I are going to make some potions." Several hours later Severus was bottling two different potions, his mother seemed to get better the longer he worked. He had been studious, following all her instructions and the recipe she had put into her little book, helping him as best she could and correcting any mistakes he made quickly but kindly. They had just barely enough ingredients and had to improvise on more than one occasion with the measurements, his mother cursing so softly he almost didn't hear. He had forced a large amount of focus into this task, such an amount unheard of in most children his age, but as his mother often said he was a clever boy and the excitement of getting to make real potions had helped to streamline that youthful focus into something worthwhile. As she helped him cork the bottle they heard a car pull into the drive and both their heads snapped to the door. " Quickly now, put it away!" she whispered hurriedly as she put the bottles back, replaced the book and snapped the lid shut. Severus shuffled quickly and his mother hobbled to the sink in an attempt to hide and wash the evidence. Severus went up and back down quick as a flash, finding his mother in the kitchen where he left her. There they stood, waiting, but when no other sounds were heard the woman slowly made her way to the door and peeked out from behind the dusty lace. " Just someone turning about in the drive." she said softly as she looked at her son whose eyes calmed immediately. He saw it then, some sort of realization behind her dark brown irises and her brow furrowed as she slowly approached him. " Severus. I need you to do one more thing for mummy, think you can do that?" The boy smiled softly and nodded, she gingerly got to her knees in front of him and took up his face in her hands, "I want you to go out today, and I want you to make a friend." His eyes grew wide, head leaning back and away from her hold but she didn't release him and instead used a thumb to move his hair from out