A/N: This is a one shot to get back into the right mindset to start really writing again. Writing my actual fictional novels, not just fanfiction. So, there won't be more than a single chapter planned for this. If I get another idea I may write more, but as of right now this is a one-shot to try and get the brain juices flowing. NOT EDITED! SLASH, SNARRY NO LEMON BUT KISSING AND VERY MILD PETTING PLUS A HUGE BRAWL BETWEEN THE TWO. I ALWAYS WANTED TO SEE THEM GO FOR BLOWS IN THE BOOKS AND MOVIES. R&R PLEASE I DO HAVE A CHAPTER 2 BUT AM RELUCTANT TO POST. Possession It is dark. Despite the location there is warmth, and all traces of dampness seem to be on the run, hiding in the farthest corners away from the heat. A room, once lit with all manner of candles and spells has been plunged into an inky black, save for light radiating from the fire that once sat below the now spilled cauldron. Two figures are hunched and gasping, some 12 feet away from each other their dagger like glares fumigate the room with such raw energies that the floor seems to vibrate. Only moments earlier the two had stood next to each other, the taller darkly clad man gripping the smaller shorter boy by the back of his neck. There had been no pain in the grip, it had been meant to help the boy to focus, a subtle little shove towards the pages of his notebook. But the young boy had reeled, reacted with a violent jerk and yanked back shoving the older man's hand away and stumbling to the side. Venomous words had followed a short moment of awkward silence and the man had spoken before he had thought, "Problem, Mr. Potter? Can't bare to be touched by a lowly professor. Scared of getting dirty?" The young man, having just turned sixteen this year, had gazed out from underneath his messy hair, looked away with shame and gritted his teeth, " Forgive me professor, I haven't been sleeping well and I-" " Excuses are just empty words- say what you really mean Potter. Don't beat around the proverbial bush. Your skin crawls at the very idea of contact with me- so high and mighty you can't even handle a single touch." The older man saw Harry's wince, saw his face crane further down and his hands ball into fists. " That's not true-" The boy had bit out in frustration and resentment. " I can hear the denial in your voice, but why don't you just accept that you think so little of those around you, the chosen one, the golden boy- never a day of hard labor in your life- the pampered prince who doesn't know anything of pain and suffering." " Shut up! You don't know anything about me!" Came Harry's scathing reply. " And there is the infamous Gryffindor temper, the righteous fury of the boy who destroyed he-who-must-not-be-named, without even lifting a finger. I forgot- I shouldn't upset you, nor should I contradict, your right about everything, yes? The boy who is never wrong, can't make a mistake, never gets punished, never has to learn his place- gods forbid he listen to anyone else or acknowledge the wisdom of his elders-" " SHUT UP!" The boy had screamed and charged at the same time, the dark clad adult tensing and spreading his arms in anticipation for the attack. When the boy had connected with him the older man lost his balance and they toppled, Harry raining down fists and elbows in a desperate attempt to land a blow to his face. " You don't know anything! You can't understand what I've seen- what I've been through- you don't understand pain and anger so strong it makes you feel sick- you don't know the trials or suffering I've gone through- how utterly alone I feel; how ANGRY I am!" The two tumbled and rolled around the floor, Severus Snape, no stranger to physical altercations made no effort to strike back against the flailing boy but did try several times to restrain hime, albeit unsuccessfully. At one point during their romp across the dirty dungeon floor Severus kicked out a foot as Harry kneed him in the stomach and the cauldron went crashing to the floor, the contents of the half finished potion soaking into their robes and creeping like blood across the floor. The hiss of the fire caught Snape's attention and he gave a great thrust to dislodge the boy who went tumbling away into a darkened corner. Using the walls to stand up Harry was staring him down his face marked with anger and resentment. The potions professor hand glanced to the fire to see no harm had been caused from the potion meeting the heat, which was unexpected but not necessarily a surprise. It hadn't been finished or heated enough for it to reach the rather unstable state that would have caused an explosion. Slowly Snape stood himself, looking through the dark smoking haze of the room and locked eyes with Harry. Now, they stood glaring daggers at each other, both breathing heavily through their mouths as narrow eyes hid under crinkled brows. "That was very foolish Potter. If that potion had been at its boiling point when it collided with the fire you and I wouldn't be standing here now." The boy didn't respond at first, he continued to catch his breath, his fists opening and closing and his shoulders slowly releasing the tension. "You will spend the rest of tonight's detention cleaning this mess up, and if you do a good enough job, I may consider not relaying your rather pathetic tempur tantrum to the headmaster." Harry's teeth clenched, "You've no right to threaten me-" "Don't I? You did just assault a teacher, that's grounds for dismissal without consideration for re-addmitance. I could have your head on a plate- no more perfect Potter-" Harry lunged and this time Snape was ready, he jerked to the side to avoid the boys fist and managed to grip onto Harry's wrist. He shifted his weight and let Harry's momentum carry him through the punch. Stumbling passed, Harry let out a cry and manged to brace himself with his palms before his face collided with the wall. "Fine, if you must go through with this pathetic display of immaturity, I will attempt to teach you something worthwhile. Like, not running head on into a fight you don't stand a chance of winning." Snape took a more solid stance and motioned for Harry to charge again. Harry growled and jerked forward, taking a swing, Snape simply leaned back out of the shorter boy's reach but was taken by surprise when the boy didn't stumble and continue through with his arm. Harry's right foot pivoted, his left foot stepped back and the elbow of his opposite arm was shoved back into Snape's stomach. While the professor was taken by surprise he was hardly subdued and took the opportunity of having Harry's back to him to raise his foot and kick. This time Harry did stumble and when he landed on the ground he gave a grunt and then a frustrated scream as his fists pounded the floor. "Your temper is your weakness, your pride is your downfall. You've no true understanding for the motives of your enemies and therefore cannot predict their movements. Your slow, awkward and entirely to self-righteous to understand when you are beaten. If I were you, I'd stay down." Harry clenched his eyes shut, his knuckles turned white as his fists tightened, shoving up from the ground he reached for his professor with the intent to punch the smarmy superior look off his face. Severus simply side stepped and stuck out his foot, Harry tripped but instead of face planting he felt a large hand grip onto his wet robes. He was yanked back and held before Snape like a marionette, his face red and his breath ragged, "Your sloppy, lazy and won't apply yourself to anything, you run headlong into danger and don't think about the consequences of your actions. You're a fool, a spoiled, praised, entitled little attention seeker who-" Harry's fist came up so fast that he swore he heard a snap from Snape's neck, the man instantly released him but Harry didn't move away. Instead, he shoved with all his might and Severus went stumbling back, one arm pressed up under his nose to subdue through blood flow, the other swinging back to support his sagging body on the potion shelf behind him. "What do you know about anything! You dont know what ive been through or how I was raised! You dont know my envy or my jealousy for those who have a normal life, or my utter loathing for those who see me as some mesiha!" "You cocky little-" "You don't share visions with a genocidal maniac, you don't know how lonely it is, to walk down the halls of a place you once considered your sanctuary only to hear whispers and hatred and fear. You don't understand the feeling or frustration of wanting someone so bad it makes your heart ache in torment and you don't even understand why because they don't even like you and they treat you like public enemy number one-" at this omission Harry stopped and he looked away. The silence was thick and Severus stared at the boy with narrow eyes, "What?" he snapped out in disbelief. Harry's cheeks burned bright red and his eyes searched the floor before he seemed to make a decision and turned to leave. His shoes made a sucking sound as he walked, the goopy potion having soaked into his clothes and ran down into his shoes. His hand pulled at the door latch and the door made it open a foot before a large hand with long, slender fingers appeared just over his right shoulder and harshly palmed the door closed. The resounding slam resonated and the silence that followed was so sharp Harry thought his ears might break from straining to hear anything at all from the man now pressed up behind him. Green eyes stared weakly at the door, focusing on the old weathered wood grain and trying not to look anywhere else. "That was a very open ended and rather loaded statement you just made-" Harry felt the older man's heat pressing into his back, could feel the palpable difference in their heights, could taste the man's smell on his tongue and for all the world still couldn't understand, after everything this man had done to him, why he felt so utterly and blatently excited about Snape's proximity. "I just told the truth. I've not lied about anything-" Harry said, his forehead gently came to rest on the door, his hands splayed over the wood and nails started to scratch and dig into the thick planks. To Harry's shock, a pair of hands came to rest over his own, stilling his actions and messaging Harry's palms with gently stroking thumbs. A very small groan of frustration came from the boys throat and he instinctively spread his fingers and felt his gut twist in anxiety when Snape laced his fingers through. "Don't-" Harry breathed as he felt Snape lean his body closer, his hips pressing softly against his backside. "I feel safe in making the assumption that the statement you made earlier wasn't about Miss. Granger or Miss. Weasley as neither of them have shown any signs of distrust or anger towards you. I also assume, judging by your pent up frustrations these unrequited feelings aren't toward another male student as you've had no signs of fallout with any of your little male friends- so who could this person be? Someone who hates you- oh no, could it possibly be, Mr. Malfoy then?" Harry couldn't help the grunt of distaste that