Riding In Cars With Peeta: Chapter 1 Katniss has never been good at expressing herself. Especially when it comes to sex. Our couple has a hard time finding the privacy they need to show how much they really want each other. Enjoy! DISCLAIMER: I do not own the Hunger Games nor any characters used in this story. Summer 2009, After Katniss & Peeta's Freshman Year in College The movie was not all that interesting. But, even if it had been, the drama and angst of teenage vampires were no match for the delectable distraction seated next to him. They sat in the very last row of the theatre, away from everyone else. They rarely had time alone, so quiet movie theaters were preferable to all the other places they could have been. Her house was no good, as it was constantly occupied by her mother and Prim. His house was even worse with its…um, well…inhabitants who were opposed to their union. Normally, they'd meet up at Finnick O'dair's, his best friend. But, his dad picked this particular summer to be the father he probably should have always been and decided to lessen his travel schedule to spend more time with his son. Of course, 'more time' for the senior O'dair meant that he slept at home instead of abroad, usually with some leggy bimbo wrapped around him. Nonetheless, it meant no secret hide-away for Peeta and Katniss. They would have to make do. This particular movie, a popular one, had been out a few weeks so it wasn't as crowded as it would normally have been. Sometimes the crappier movies provided a little more solitude. The couple typically arrived early so that they could claim the top row and watch the others arrive. Then they'd leave before the credits started rolling; Predicting the end of the movie was the trickiest part, but they'd made a game of it. She lifted the adjustable armrest that was situated between them to form a little loveseat of sorts and snuggled close to him. He wrapped his arm around her and went in for a kiss; the first of the night. He noted the sweet softness of her lower lip as he pulled it between his own two. "I've been waiting all night to do that." "Well, Mellark. You can just do that again." The only thing softer and wetter than her mouth was…her other spot. The thought of it started as a bubble in his belly and exited his mouth as a moan against her lips. Their physical relationship was growing and they were becoming less shy with each other. The problem is and has always been finding ample time alone to explore each other. But, they didn't mind. They'd been friends since first grade and just enjoyed being together. A little making out here and some heavy petting there kept the raging Everlark fires going. But, he'd be lying if he said that sex with her didn't invade his thoughts 101% of the time. After all, he was still considered a horny teenaged boy even after completing his freshman year of college. He was a virtual monk while away at school to avoid any chance that she would not trust him. He didn't even go out very much just in an effort to lessen her suspicions and grow her confidence in him. He wasn't interested in other girls and preferred to Skype with Katniss whenever he had a free moment. He was hers and she was his and no amount of distance was going to change that. They had only been together in the physical sense about a dozen times since the first time, thanks to the distance and the general...awkwardness about their relationship. Katniss insisted they tell as few people as possible for fear it'd get back to his mother and make his life a living hell. Oh, sure they spent lots of time together when they could, but rarely with any privacy. In some ways, he supposed, this was a good thing. It forced them to focus on each other and to talk rather than making out every chance they got but the chemistry between them was mind-boggling. He took special care in letting her know that his feelings for her had little to do with what lay behind his zipper. Still, it was hard in more ways than one to be around her without catching wood in a major way. She was gorgeous and sexy in a very unassuming way. She wasn't showy and overdone like most girls, and he loved this. Katniss had the kind of sex appeal that wasn't on display for everyone to see. She wasn't like that girl, Glimmer, that his mom had him introduced to. Katniss' charms were reserved for the special guy in her life…him. He kept his desires in check most of the time, but tonight was proving to be particularly difficult. He wanted her. In a big way. Peeta's lips on hers left her breathless, as usual. His mint-coated tongue combined with the ever-present cherry lip balm was a familiar and welcomed sensation in her mouth. Her skin had been craving his touch for months now. Spring break had flown by way too fast. The summer was still fresh and they were getting acclimated to each other again. Each break which brought him back home felt like starting all over again…in a good way. He'd been home for over a week now and they still had not found time to be really and truly alone. The more they kissed, the more the details of the movie faded in importance. The more the movie faded, the more they kissed until they just didn't care about the damn thing anymore. She had both her legs thrown over his lap and her hand nestled deep within the bed of blonde locks on his head. When she tugged on them lightly, he let out a soft "Hhmmhh…" against her mouth. When his lips travelled along her jaw and neck, she returned the sentiment. She'd left her thick, curly hair down tonight instead of in its usual braid. Peeta loved it that way and was showing his appreciation by bunching it between his fingers as he probed her mouth. He then ran one hand along her shoulder and down the length of her arm as the other encircled her waist. He felt the goose bumps pebbling her soft skin. "Cold?" "Just keep kissing me," she replied. He struggled to keep his strokes along her summer-bare legs respectable in such a public place, but she was doing such things to him! The pressure between his thighs was building and he kept clenching them together to offer some friction. She noticed this and shifted her leg a little higher on his lap to relieve some of the pressure. Misreading this as her granting access to what lie beneath her cotton miniskirt, he glanced around before ghosting a finger over the crotch of her underwear. The contact made her gasp aloud causing the stern looking woman in front of them to turn around and utter, "Shhhh!" They jumped apart quickly as if doused with cold water. They giggled quietly at her ridiculous updo, overdone makeup and gaudy attire that were a bit much for a movie. The woman turned back around and muttered something that sounded like, "Manners!" "Dear, God!" he whispered as he pulled away. "We need to stop before we get thrown out of here." But, he didn't come to his senses soon enough before noticing that her panties were soaked at the center. How he longed to stroke his fingers along her skin and make her writhe. But, he was a good boy and this was not acceptable public behavior. "Yeah, I know," she agreed. As they looked up at the screen, they made note of the tell-tale signs of the dramatic score indicating that a final scene was soon to come. "Want to get out of here now?" he asked. "Yes, may as well. I don't even remember the plot." He smiled cockily at knowing that he caused her short-term amnesia. The ride home was silent but the desire between them was palpable. They held hands the entire way and exchanged looks mixed with shyness and lust. When they pulled into her driveway, the security lights were out and she made a mental note to turn them on once inside. "Sorry I ruined the movie for you." He wasn't, really. "I'm not," she said. "I missed you." She scooted closer to his side of the vehicle. "Me, too." He killed the engine. The kissing resumed. But, modern cars with their technological consoles and their ergonomic gear shifts are not conducive to front seat make-out sessions; which would explain why teenagers are not consulted as a focus group for the design of personal transportation. He pulled her forward and wrapped his hand around the back of her head. She probed his mouth with her tongue and sought out the hem of his t-shirt. She just needed to touch some part of him, any part of him. She wanted to feel his warm skin underneath her hands. Running her fingers along his muscular chest, she hoped, would ease the ache of not touching him on a regular basis; but, it didn't and the fire that was started on the back row of the movie theater was reignited right there in the driveway of the Everdeen residence. "Oh, Katniss…" he hissed when her short fingernails grazed over his nipple. "I want you too much, baby…we'd better say good night." "Okay…" she said, having never sounded more reluctant in her life. "Unless…" She looked at him with a cautious expression filled with curiosity at his next proposal. "…you want to sit in the back seat for a little while." Her eyes flickered slightly for a second before her usual sensibilities set in. "I don't know, Peeta. I'm sure the sound of the car doors would wake mom and Prim. We may as well call it a night and try to see each other tomorrow." The disappointment in her voice was evident. And Peeta Mellark was not one to disappoint his lady. Thinking quickly, as is the talent of young men in the pursuit of sexual relief, he said, "We can crawl into the back." He bit his lip in anticipation as her intense gray eyes surveyed the surrounding neighbors' yards. "I mean, it is dark, but…" His silent thoughts started to weigh on him. 'Jeez, Mellark! She's gonna think you're a damn pervert!' But, his lady was quick. She had half-scaled the front seat before 'Okay' even left her luscious lips. Now, crawling after her with a half-hard erection was an athletic feat but he was up to the challenge. They settled themselves, barely, in the cocoon of the back seat before resuming their kisses with a little more tenderness. He thought to himself, 'Slow down, Peeta.' He took a couple of deep breaths and searched her face for understanding. "Can you forgive me for missing you so much?" "Always." His hand resumed its survey of her sleek, smooth legs. He kissed the soft planes of her face before moving back to her lips. By the time his lips reached her neck, it was obvious to the both of them that they wanted more than mere kissing. This would do little to provide them with the closeness that they craved. She needed to feel the heat of his skin beneath her hands. He craved the hum of her flesh beneath his lips when he kissed her breasts. She grabbed his large hand and placed it over her breast which he pushed and kneaded, causing her womanly parts to tingle. All sense and sensibilities began to slip away with each turn as they probed each other's mouths further. The funny thing about tight spaces and short skirts is that they are not very accommodating to each other. His fingers travelled