Azure and Silver The story of Katniss and Peeta and how they continue to grow and bond together. This is a one-shot following my other story, Trouble Sleeping. This is in Katniss' voice to complement the Epilogue. DISCLAIMER: Some sentences are paraphrased or lifted directly from the Epilogue of Mockingjay. I am not a professional writer. I do not own the Hunger Games trilogy or its wonderful characters, but wish I did. If I did, I'd have gotten rid of Snow and united our heroes a lot sooner. But, that's why Suzanne Collins is a rich woman and I'm writing fanfic! So, I'll just opt to finish the story my way. In a perfect world, we could overcome oppression and all retire to the countryside with a Peeta Mellark by our sides. Since that's not likely to happen, we will retell this story over and over again! Five years after the wedding " It took five, ten, …" Azure I gather what I need from his art studio and tuck it away in the bathroom for later. I hate lying to Peeta, but this time it is absolutely necessary. Once he's gone to begin his day at the bakery, I begin prepping for dinner and picking up around our home. The last five years with him have brought me more joy than I could ever have imagined. We will never be what we were or could have been before the war. We've accepted that. We also accept that we are better together regardless of the scenario. I shower and dress, paying special attention to my skin. The years of Capitol-branded treatment have done well. The scars are still visible but have lost all their puffiness. I don't sunburn as easily as I used to, and neither does Peeta. Once my skin is dry, I set to work. When I'm done, I take a step back and look in the mirror. I didn't do half as bad as I thought I would. Peeta still finds me beautiful, no matter what's on my body. Our lovemaking has only intensified with familiarity. We fight, oh yes! But, we love just as fiercely. I let my hair air-dry instead of using the fancy blow dryer. Peeta likes the way it comes out curlier when I do this. I check myself one more time and smile at the person I see staring back at me. There was a time when I could not bear to do this, wanting to look away in hopes that I'd simply disappear. That seems so long ago. I quickly dress in a comfortable, soft green dress that he's complimented me on more than once and head downstairs. The chiming of the kitchen clock tells me that he'll be home soon. I check on our meal of roasted lamb, new potatoes, salad, bread and gravy, remarking at how far my cooking skills have come in the last five years. Cooking became my savior on cold winter days when gathering was out of the question. With hunting no longer a necessity, I had to find ways to fight the depression that would descend upon me during those times. Trying new recipes out on Peeta, Haymitch and Sae kept me busy and gave me a way to take care of him instead of the other way around. I'll never be as good a cook as my husband, but I can make a fairly decent meal. I was nervous about the birthday cake, so I begged Sae to help me with it. She brings it over in the frenzy that is my day and leaves with a grin and a shake of her head. I bake the cheese buns that he kneaded this morning, following his directions to a tee. I try hard to not let our anniversary overshadow his birthday. No matter how hard I try to make any occasion all about him, he always shifts the focus back to me. My favorite foods are his favorite foods. My favorite music quickly becomes his. I gave up a couple of years ago. Now I can scarcely remember where I end and he begins. It no longer matters. This evening is all about him, but I'll have to shift the focus for just a little while. I brew the iced tea and set the wine to chill. He comes home tired but happy, wrapping me in a cloak of warmth that I never tire of. He's only grown more handsome with the passing of time. My heart clenches when I try to put into words how he makes me feel. I gasp when I think how long it took me to arrive to the point that I'd even consider marrying him. The thought that I'd grow accustomed to his presence only to have him ripped away from me was so paralyzing that it often rendered me immobile. His ever-present love has reminded me of the strength that comes from being bonded for life with another human being. ' The more love is shared, the more it grows ,' my father used to say. Unlike other things, sharing love never diminishes its quantity for the giver. And we have it in cargo loads. We finish our dinner and head to his favorite place, our back porch, to watch the sunset. At times like this, we mostly sit in silence and just feel each other. Peeta strokes my hair as we rock the porch swing. The beating of his heart rests beneath my hand, bringing me a peace and serenity I couldn't have imagined without him. "Happy Anniversary, love" I tell him as I plant a soft kiss on his lips. "and Happy Birthday." He breaks out in giggles. I stare in disbelief asking "What?" He gives me a sheepish grin. "We are so corny!" "Speak for yourself, Mr. Romance" "No. I love it. Wouldn't have it any other way." He stares off at the mountains in the distance. "After all we went through, for the highlight of our day to be swinging on the back porch and belching up dinner…" He stops and shakes his head wistfully chuckling. "Who would've thought that such joy existed in such simplicity? Only with love is that possible. You made me the happiest man alive five years ago today. I still feel like it all just happened yesterday. Like I literally married you yesterday and we're just starting our honeymoon." He raises my hand to his lips and gracefully kisses my knuckles. He still sends shockwaves through my body at the slightest touch. I don't know what it is or how he does it, but he's always made me grateful to have chosen life over giving up. The days when I would have gladly welcomed death are a distant memory, but close enough to make me appreciate what I have right here in front of me. His lips travel up the length of my arm as he makes the most obscene and vulgar noises, eliciting girlish giggles from me. He's the only one who has this effect on me. I'm able to relax, be silly, feel sexy and even girly when he's around. There's no feeling of vulnerability or distrust to compete with that. He finds my mouth and I'm transported back to every kiss we've ever shared. Though we still act like two teenagers, this kiss takes on new meaning as I think of the crossroads we've navigated together. His lips soften against mine, gliding sweetly as he grips the back of my head. I make my way onto his lap and straddle him. The swaying of the large porch swing causes us to cling to each other. I feel his strong hands grip my hips to pull me forward. He lets out a breathy sigh against my mouth and looks at me with molten eyes. I pull away reluctantly. "We'd better take this inside before Haymitch sees us. Last time he got nauseous." We ascend the stairs to our bedroom with me wrapped around his hips, giggling all the way. He places me gently on our bed and kneels in front of me. His mouth is hot on my neck and shoulders in no time, making me want him even more. I feel the old familiar tingling at my center that never gets old. He reaches under my hiked-up dress and slides my underwear past my knees and to my feet. The one thing that's changed over the five years is the formality of asking the other what they'd like in the way of pleasure. We just know . I know his body like I know the layout of the meadow or my woods. I know all of its peaceful places to lay my head when I'm spent from a weary day. I know all of the nooks and crannies to find solace and comfort, as well as excitement and exhilaration. I kick my thongs to the side and the look in his eyes rattles me. I know what I'm in for, yet my heart pounds as if I've never felt his tongue on me before. He grips my hips and slides them forward to the edge of the bed as his tongue dives into center, kissing me gently and reverently. I throw my head back and lean on my elbows as I let out the most guttural moan. "Still beautiful" he mumbles into my skin. I respond by dragging my fingers through his hair that has gotten a little too long lately. His eyes flutter closed in rapture as his tongue assaults me, revealing just how long his lashes are. He slowly slips his fingers into me, massaging me to pleasure until my body quakes around him. He's always been a sensual, patient lover. It's just another thing I love about my Peeta. Every time I look in his eyes, I'm reminded of why I fight so hard every day to remain in the present. He's worth it. He lovingly kisses the insides of my thighs as I come down from the euphoria that is him. I reach forward to unbutton his shirt and remove it so he can join me in my semi-nudeness. He leans over me and kisses me in anticipation of our sharing. Peeta likes to make me taste myself on his lips. I smile. "You still taste heavenly." I fight my nervousness and excitement as he reaches for the hem of my dress to pull it over my head. Almost there , I think. "Katniss, what is this?" He looks up at me and I fight the emotions swirling around inside of me: ecstasy, anticipation, love. Realization slowly dawns on him as he sees what's there on my belly. I've painted an image of a little face, using my belly button as the nose. There's a little tuft of blond curls and eyes the color of blue drugstore paint. He looks up from my stomach to my face and back again with this look of utter dumbfounded confusion. I wait for the light bulb to go on before I nod and smile. The tears starting to form in my eyes give my position away sooner than I'd anticipated. His expression begins to morph into something I can't place as his hand slowly and softly strokes my tummy. He's completely silent for a few seconds before looking up and saying suspiciously, "Katniss, why is there a face painted on your stomach?" I continue to look at him suggestively, when finally he gets it. "Really?!" "Yes." "No way!" he whispers. "Yes!" "Wha…when? How?" "Happy anniversary, baby! I stopped my birth control shots a few months ago. We're having a baby." That's when I see the tears. My strong, capable husband is reduced to a ball of emotion that is wrapped around my torso, clinging to me and crying tears of joy. I've seen Peeta shed tears but I've never heard him sob until now. It opens up a new place in my heart. He