December 2007 in Katniss' & Peeta's Senior Year of High School Two weeks before Christmas "Not another rerun of A Christmas Story , Prim. Please!" "C'mon, Katniss. We've only seen it twice this whole season. Sit down and watch it with me." The older girl rolled her eyes, but responded with regret. "I can't. Got errands to run. I'm taking the car. If mom comes looking for it, stall her for me, will you?" Prim jumped up from the sofa and bounded over to her older sister. "Going to make out with Peeta?" "No, you nosy little brat. We don't make out. Peeta and I are just friends." Katniss scowled and tried to hide her embarrassment. "Unh-Hunh…" Prim eyed her incredulously as she sauntered back over to her perch on the sofa. Katniss stared her down wondering when her little sister got so grown up. "I will thank you to stay out of my personal business, Little Duck." "Oh, get off it, Katniss. He's got it bad for you and you know it. And you've got it for him, too. Stop pretending and just go with it. Who cares what people think? Besides, he's hot as hell! You oughta hit that!" She stared at her younger sister in mock disgust. Of course, she knew her younger sibling had a heart of gold as well as a mouth like a sailor. She was sure that Prim knew nothing of the special agreement between her and Peeta. They'd made it in their freshman year at District High and consummated it the night of their junior prom. She started the car, backed out of the driveway and headed to Johanna Mason's house. Jo had been, for some time now, eyeing the white gold purity ring her mother had given her on her fourteenth birthday before entering high school; Prim would also receive one next year before entering that same high school. Her parents had waited to have sex until their wedding night and encouraged them both to do the same. The plan had always been for Mr. Everdeen to present them with the rings once the time arrived. But his passing had interrupted those plans. Her mother honored their original decision by planning a special dinner and a presentation of the ring for each girl. It was her way of keeping his presence in their lives. Following Katniss' dinner, there was a very uncomfortable discussion about sexuality and other adult things that she would have gladly skipped in order to catch the next episode of Survivor. But, the gravity of it all was not lost on Katniss. She'd proudly worn the ring with a tiny chip of a diamond in it, drawing comments from Johanna and other kids who thought that having sex made them somehow more mature. "Why are you deciding to sell this now, brainless? Finally decide to share your cookies with that hottie, breadboy?" Johanna wasn't a gossip, but she did like to be privy to the intimate details of who was hooking up with whom. It was her way of convincing herself that every girl had a little slut hidden inside them. She felt less alone that way. "Don't worry about why I'm selling it. Do you want it or not?" Katniss gave her an exasperated look. "Or was it Gale? Damn it! I wanted that. Do you mind if I take seconds?" she continued, undaunted. "Jo, if you don't want the damn thing, I'll be leaving." Not being in the mood for games, Katniss stood up from Jo's kitchen table and stuffed the ring back into the pocket of her jacket. "Shit, hold on Kittie Kat. I just don't want to buy it if you're gonna go jump off a bridge or something afterwards." Johanna had no propriety when it came to sensitive matters like this. Thankfully she'd already resolved her feelings about selling the ring weeks ago. She wanted to get Peeta something special. He'd been so generous to her in past years, and she could never afford to match his gift giving. Although she knew it didn't matter, it still bothered her. "No, Jo, it's fine. We need the money. Christmas is coming." She didn't reveal to the girl the real reason she was selling the ring lest she never live it down. She knew that Peeta had been trying futilely to save up for a popular art seminar in town. A very famous local artist held the event only twice a year. Having it on his resume would surely make Peeta stand out in the world of art and design. His mother had refused to pay for it because 'A career as an artist will not earn you enough to live any kind of life, and I'm not supporting you for the rest of your life. ' She was more than happy to help Peeta pursue his dream and buck his mother all at the same time. There was a seminar coming up during their spring break next year and he desperately wanted to attend. He'd almost saved the $500 fee when the engine on his car went out. He'd had to spend the money he'd saved on the repairs. Katniss is shaken back to the present by Johanna impatiently snapping her fingers before her eyes. "Although," she said to the tall, attractive, dark-haired girl, not missing a beat, "it's beyond me why you want a purity ring." "It's the kitsch of it all! Don't you get it? The irony of me , of all people, wearing a purity ring. It's fucking hilarious!" She doubled over in laughter but stopped when she saw her friend look sadly at her. "Whatever. Merry Christmas to me. Don't judge me. Just hand it over. Here's your dough. Christmas Day Peeta sat sullenly in front of the television half-heartedly watching the basketball game with his father and brothers. The Christmas dinner dishes had all been cleared away and his mother was gossiping excitedly on the phone with Mrs. Undersee. He looked on sideways and thought how nauseating it was that she fell all over herself every time the Senator's wife rang their phone. She would have loved nothing more than for him and Madge to hook up and raise her standing in the community. If he had a shred of respect left for his mother, it was dissolved when he realized what a social climber she was. Peeta didn't realize how much he'd been scowling at his mother until she moved the phone away from her ear and asked him, "Peeta, what's the matter dear?" He gathered his senses and said, "Oh…nothing. Just not feeling well, I guess. My stomach is killing me." "Oh dear, Clesi. I think Peeta over-ate. That dressing recipe you gave me was a big hit!" She forgot all about her interest in him and continued to laugh it up with the other woman on the phone. Peeta shook his head, disgusted, until he realized it for what it was: a perfect opportunity to get out of going over to the Undersees for after-dinner cocktails. They'd invited the Mellarks for the past 4 years and his mother had been beside herself with glee at the first invitation. She'd gone out and purchased new outfits for them all to wear. His father had simply shaken his head and went along silently. Upon arriving, he, Madge and Deacon rolled their eyes and retreated to the basement after engaging in the customary ' hellos ' and ' you're-looking-wells' . Vigo, of course, chose to hang out with the adults and bask in their adoration of him. He was grateful that the younger Undersee had not inherited her mother's classist tendencies or he'd never be able to hear the end of it in his house. Their mothers completely ignored the fact that dating each other was neither on Madge's nor Peeta's agenda. She was very much in love with Marvel and he only had eyes for Katniss. Instead, he used her interest in Marvel as his reason for not pursuing her more fervently while their mothers conspired to encourage breeding in their offspring like the owners of two prized spaniels. Evelyn also knew of his interest in Katniss and couldn't stand it. He'd told her that he knew her bigotry was the reason she didn't approve of Katniss. That was the year she struck him in the face with the rolling-pin. Mr. Mellark had pleaded with him to not bring her up to his mother anymore. ' For your own goo d,' he'd said. ' I suppose being with someone who I don't love for the rest of my life would be for my own good, too, dad ?' His father had looked at him with a shameful, injured expression. Peeta immediately felt like crap for doing that to him. He was, after all, a good man and a good provider. They wanted for nothing in the material sense. But, he could never live his life the way his father had. He'd seen what that could do to a man. Yet, he had not gathered enough courage to stand up to his mother about the girl since that incident. Part of him was afraid to drag Katniss into more drama. She had enough to contend with. So, he settled for being with her in any way that he could. He'd taken on extra shifts at the bakery and made repairs to his own car instead of taking it to a mechanic in order to save money for her Christmas gift. The black velvet box had been eating a hole in his pocket since dinner. His father knew of his plans, but there was no way in hell he could tell his mother that he'd spent 500 hard-earned dollars on…that girl . He retreated to his room at around 5pm with a pretend stomach and head ache. His mother absently kissed him on the cheek, not really caring a bit about how he felt as long as she got to go to the Undersees for the evening. In her excitement, it never occurred to her that he might be lying. He was grateful that he didn't have to pull out a more convincing acting job to get out of going as he wondered why he hadn't thought of this years ago. Deacon stopped by his room just before leaving. He adored Deacon in spite of their mother's claim that the older boy was clearly the 'family fuck-up'. Deacon had saved him from many a beating when he became big enough in size to stand up to the woman, often taking the blame for broken vases and baseballs through windows. "Hey, little bro. Keep your cell phone near." He stared at his brother, confused as to why Deacon would say this until he offered him a wink. "I'll be your lookout…let you know when the coast is clear." A smile spread slowly across Peeta's face and improved his brooding mood instantly. At least someone understood what he was feeling when it came to Katniss. "Thanks, man." "No problem, bro. Besides, I get to have that cute Madge all to myself. She hates Vigo. Tell your girl I said Merry Christmas." About twenty minutes after the car left the driveway, he received a text from his older brother: The eagle has landed. The birdie can fly free. He had to smile at his brother's corny way of showing his support and approval and he loved him for that. The yearly custom of spending Christmas night with her father's Uncle Haymitch had started years before his death. Since his passing, the Everdeen women took special pains to make sure not to miss it as Haymitch had come to expect it as much as he expected Christmas itself. Being widowed with no children of his own, he tended to overindulge in alcohol if left to his own devices for too long. They were all the family he had left and he enjoyed having them