Disclaimer: I own nothing. All characters belong to JK Rowling. The classroom hummed with quiet, sleepy chatter as Hermione slid into her seat next to Harry and Ron. They greeted her with yawning hey' s that triggered a dozen other yawns around them, and even Hermione had to battle a tug of weariness that had come with waking up today at 5:00 AM after weeks of lazy summer morning sleep-ins. No, she thought sternly to herself. I am not going to sludge through the first day of the semester like a brain-dead zombie. "Good morning," she said with a forced brightness that earned her puzzled expressions from Harry and Ron. After a cursory glance around the classroom — only half-full despite the clock that read 7:20 — Hermione unzipped her backpack and heaved out her chemistry textbook, An Introduction to Chemistry, 7th Edition . She set it gently on her desk, then piled up her notebook, workbook, and planner neatly alongside it. " What are those? " Ron said, sounding more scandalised than the time when Hermione had suggested they eat at a new vegan restaurant in Diagon Alley. Hermione frowned as she dug around her pencil pouch, fingers searching for her favorite pen. "Um, my books?" Ron looked positively horrified. "What do you mean, ' books '? You know we don't need to bring anything 'til at least the third day of school." Hermione spared a glance at Ron's desk, bare except for a plastic bag of Red Vines. "Snape teaches this class at a fast pace from what I've heard," she replied, and it was true—AP Chemistry was one of the toughest classes at Hogwarts. Everyone knew that. "I figured I'd get ahead while I had the chance." "On the first day of classes?" Harry asked from her left as Ron coughed "Overachiever." Harry straightened up from his slouched sprawl, adjusting his glasses, and then nodded at her pile of books with slight anxiety. "Don't you think it's a bit early?" "The earlier the better," Hermione reminded him. "Guys, this is an advanced class…you know that right? I mean, no offense—" Ron snorted. "—But you guys hardly scraped through regular chemistry freshman year. And it's been two years since then." "Well, that's why we've got you," Harry said as if it were obvious. He ducked Hermione's swat with a grin. "Honestly, Hermione," Ron said while munching on a Red Vine. "We wouldn't be sitting in half these AP classes if it weren't for your help. I thought I was gonna fail that English final last semester for sure. But then I got a B minus and McGonagall told me I should take AP Lang. Freaking miracle." "And like, sure chem is hard, but you're great at it right? So there—problem solved," Harry said in that assuming voice that Hermione usually found comforting but lacked patience for on this particular morning. She shook her head and tried not to snap at her best friends on the first day of the school year. "Don't count on it. I literally won't have any time to helpyou guys with your assignments for you this year. You'll have to get used to finishing everything on your own, so trust me, you don't want to fall behind." Harry and Ron stared at her as if she'd gone crazy. As if she'd just suggested that they take summer courses at Yale rather than do their own homework. "Whoa, wait, chill," Ron said with a pained expression, "You mean you're not gonna…help us?" "I'm taking six AP classes this year with extracurriculars, work, and volunteering! So don't tell me to chill, Ronald Weasley," Hermione said. "And no, I shouldn't really be doing your homework for you at this point anymore, should I?" Neither of the boys seemed able to conjure an argument. Ron chewed his Red Vine thoughtfully. Harry shrugged. "Yeah, okay, alright. We get it. It's just that we don't really want to go to Princeton. No offense!" He hastily added at Hermione's insulted expression. "It's great you want to go there. But like, we can take it easy. I mean, we know for sure we could never get in," he laughed. Hermione looked at him disapprovingly. "Don't underestimate yourself, Harry. If you just tried a bit harder—" Ron yawned obscenely. "Okayyy I think it's a bit too early for this, Hermione." "No, but I mean, really Harry, you can't limit yourself to Stanford just because that's where your parents went," said Hermione. "I'm not saying Stanford isn't a great school, but if you just started doing some research, maybe tour Yale or Brown, you might find that you really like them. Harry ." Hermione said in exasperation. "Are you listening?" Harry hummed a vague " mhm ", pretending to be too busy scrolling through Twitter to reply. Hermione sighed. Everyone knew that Harry Potter, the soccer prodigy, Dr. Dumbledore's protégé, and son of infamous activists Lily and James Potter, had a wealth of potential. He was a natural-born leader and had founded the DA — a now nation-wide service group — in just his first year of high school. Half the Ivies were already begging to take him in (Dartmouth had even offered him a full ride). But he'd had his sights set on Stanford ever since he learned at the age of eleven that his parents had met there. Stanford had practically reserved a spot for him. While that should've encouraged him to work harder and strive to live up to his name, it only made him feel as if he could slack off. "Oh, hell no," Ron said dryly. Before Hermione could turn to him and ask him if he had a problem too, Ron gestured indiscreetly towards the door. "I didn't think it could get worse than having our first class with Snape, but…" He and half the students around them had turned their attention to the door, and the sounds of quiet murmurs shifted from a dull buzz to a noticeable increase in noise. Hermione followed everyone's gaze and her stomach suddenly felt queasy. Draco Malfoy was making his way into the classroom, flanked by Theo Nott and Blaise Zabini. Hermione had almost forgotten about his existence until now. She had gone all summer without hearing a single mention of his name. Seeing him again, strutting through the class as if he owned it, made her want to vomit. She wanted to look away, but she found herself watching him with disgust. If he was going for a fresh-off-my-yacht look with his white shirt and leather slides, it worked. He even had somewhat of a tan (his skin being a shade darker than its usual afflicted albinism), and it seemed he'd grown a few inches (not that Hermione, at 5'3, counted height as a valid factor of intimidation). The only thing missing was his backpack. All he'd brought in was the notebook he carried in one hand, clearly trying hard to prove he wasn't a try-hard. The arrogance, Hermione thought, peeved. The world nearly tripped over itself bowing at his Italian-leather-clad feet, though Hermione could never understand why. Draco was a revolting streak of envy and pride entwined within an exterior that, to Hermione's chagrin, people found attractive . It astounded her. He was so obviously mean-spirited and cruel to the bone. For all her classmates' claims of love and acceptance, they were amazingly blind to faults of the most prejudiced student in Hogwarts. Hermione watched with twisted amusement and annoyance as he exchanged a few jokes with Blaise and Theo. They chuckled complacently. Draco then swept a passing glance around the room, and Hermione quickly averted her gaze, hoping to avoid create any drama on the first day. But it was too late — he had spotted her across the room, as well as Harry and Ron. A slow, vulpine smile tugged at the edge of his mouth. Hermione heard Harry mutter a curse as the blond sauntered up to their desks. "Potter!" Draco drawled, stopping right in front of them. "What a surprise. And Weasley! You're both in this class? What, did you two actually grow brains over the summer?" Harry remained seated, but his shoulders squared and he set his jaw as he looked up at Draco. "Good to see you too, Malfoy, and how was your summer?" Draco smirked as if he'd been looking forward to hearing Harry ask. "Better than yours, I'll bet." He drummed his knuckles against Harry's desk. The signet ring he wore gleamed smugly in the light. It almost looked too large and heavy for his finger, Hermione thought. She observed the rest of him distastefully now that he was up close. He hadn't changed at all over the summer — not that she had expected him to. Change wasn't a familiar concept to his family. But everything from his neatly coiffed hair to his swaggering gait and even that harsh gleam in his grey eyes was so definitively Malfoy that it seemed almost… disappointing. Hermione wondered whether he knew he was on the fast track to becoming a carbon copy of his father. She wondered whether he cared. "Heard you landed a spot in the RIP," Ron remarked. "Must've been fun working under a deluded megalomaniac." Draco only looked amused by Ron's comment. "First, Weasel, congratulations on expanding your vocabulary over the summer. And no, the Riddle Internship Program isn't meant to be fun. Tom has a pretty low tolerance for..." Draco looked Ron up and down with one lazy sweeping glance, "Incompetence. Takes talent to get accepted, but discipline to stay in it." "Not even a humble brag there, Malfoy," Harry scowled. "Do I detect salt, Potter?" Draco drawled mildly. Behind him, Blaise and Theo snickered. "I mean, I get it Potter, honestly I do. I'd be jealous too if the only attention I got from anyone this summer was from a criminal plus a pack of Weasels." "Knock it off," Hermione said harshly, before Harry could lose his temper over Draco's jab at Sirius. Draco chuckled and looked back at his friends. "What did I tell you guys? They're like some weird incestuous little family. Did you spend your summer at the Burrow too, Granger? Better than that trailer you live in? I can't decide what's worse," his lips curled in disgust. Hermione kept her glare fixed on him and ignored his comment. "We all know why you got into that stupid program, and it has nothing to do with your " talent ". You only got into the RIP because you bought your way in. Riddle only chose you for your parents' bank account." Harry and Ron snorted with laughter beside her. Draco stilled, momentarily caught off-guard, and then he looked at her slowly as if sizing up an enemy on the battlefield. "And what exactly did you spend your summer doing?" he asked, deceptively calm. "Sweeping up trash at Hogsmeade? Cleaning tables at the Three Breadsticks? I might be wrong, but I don't think that's quite as important as interning for the Majority Leader of the Senate for two months. But maybe that's just me." His eyes glittered and he lowered his voice. "Who knows? Princeton might give you a few brownie points for your hard, honest work, out of sympathy. I hear it's not easy living off our donations these days." Hermione's breathing turned shallow with anger. "Low blow," she managed to quip, leveling her gaze with his carefully, "But at least I know the difference between working hard for what I want and letting daddy do all the work for me." He concealed his anger so well that she only caught it for a millisecond before he reverted back to smirking. "Yeah? We'll see about your hard work by the end of this semester." "What, like you can do better?" Hermione said cockily. His lips twitched upwards and he leaned down closer to her as if about to share a secret, close enough she could