A test of time two: Racing against the gods Authors note + Disclaimer: I do not own LOTR but I do own thecharacters I have added or the 'characters' like Eldarion who said to be the son of Aragorn when the war of the rings and stuff is over, you never get to meet these kids… so the personality I give him… I own, but not the actual character… as well I own Lómebrilas, Belaraniel, Jidda, Ducla Rafter Cotton Gamgee, Waredith, Faramir I I won the personality, I also own Narduril, Lamia, Tristan, Jessalin, and Gwaldor Chapter one: the trouble causer Belaraniel sat looking at the mess Tristan made. She let out a sigh before picking up the broken candle stand. That little boy got into everything. Belaraniel was getting tired of having to buy new things all the time because Lómebrilas spoiled Tristan letting him think it was ok to ruin the things in the castle. She wanted him to turn out respectful of things, peaceful… not a little monster. Belaraniel walked down the white hallways of the castle in Mirkwood and grabbed the handle to her room. Lómebrilas sat in their room writing some things down. He looked at her and smiled. Belaraniel hated when he gave her that smile… it made her want to give in to anything. "Hello melamin," he said getting up from his chair and walking to his wife. Belaraniel kissed him before sitting down. "We need to talk about your son," Belaraniel said holding the broken candle stand. Lómebrilas looked at it and laughed, "it is beyond funny Lómebrilas Greenleaf." "Well Belaraniel Greenleaf, are son is only six… I was mischievous at six, and I remember when you were six. You got into a lot of trouble at six," he said walking to her and kissing her hand gently. "Yeah I only got into trouble at six cause you blamed everything on me, or got me so mad that I'd fallow you out of my boundaries and get into trouble," she said giving him the evil eye. "Oh… that's right," he laughed taking her hand and kissing it. "Oh that's right," she said looking up at him, "you need to not spoil him so much Lómebrilas." "You need to spoil him a little more. You are so strict with our son, he's only allowed to leave with Bonabree' if he wants to go outside. When I was six I was off hunting alone," Lómebrilas said sitting beside her. "Yes but did the dark gods want you dead?" she said looking to him. He didn't say anything, "I thought so." "Well… I am just saying you've been no fun since he reached age three. What has happened to the Belaraniel I use to know?" Lómebrilas asked standing up and looking down at her. "She grew up like everyone said she needed to do," Belaraniel said getting up and walking out of the room leaving Lómebrilas there. Belaraniel walked down to the white stables, everything was so heavenly and beautiful. Narduril neighed happy to see her. ' How are you today milady? ' Narduril said bowing his head and stomping at the hay. "Bad, Lómebrilas acts like our son is safe out in the world. Yes Crirawen and Pirg are gone, but the dark gods still plot. I can feel it in my bones," Belaraniel said sadly, "and I miss the way my life use to be. I miss my brother." ' Why don't you go and see him then? ' Narduril said looking at her. Belaraniel felt Narduril's long black and silver horn. "I should shouldn't I?" Belaraniel said sadly. Narduril seemed to shake his head up and down. Belaraniel pulled Narduril out of the stables and climbed onto him. It was a while since these two got to go on a good run. Everyone could handle Mirkwood by themselves while she took a quick journey. Lamia neighed in the stables. "Hi Lamia… how is Rascal?" Belaraniel asked the bluish gray mare. ' He is well my lady, he has started to be a better runner, ' Lamia said from the stables. "I still can't believe you two after hating each other, managed to get together and have a baby Narduril," Belaraniel laughed climbing onto him. For hours those two rode through the forest never stopping. Narduril loved to run, and he loved being with his favorite girl Belaraniel. To him she was still the little girl who use to be wild and outspoken. Finally they turned around and rode for Mirkwood. It was getting darker and colder and Lómebrilas would be angry she left for so long. "Belaraniel," Lómebrilas said trotting up to her with Lamia. Belaraniel just looked at him, "why did you tell no one you were leaving?" "Because I do not need to inform people of my leave every ten seconds, even when I was princess of Gondor I didn't have to check in every minute," Belaraniel said passing him by angrily. "You know I get worried about you Belaraniel, you are not safe out here either," Lómebrilas said walking Lamia by him. "I need to feel a little free Lómebrilas, I am not one of your servants…" before she could finish Lómebrilas interrupted. "No but you're my wife, and I will not tolerate you running off like that…" Lómebrilas said angrily. "Then learn to tolerate it," she said bouncing on Narduril making him run off. Lómebrilas sat there looking at Belaraniel ride away. "Why has she changed for the worst?" Lómebrilas said looking at the ground. Lamia just neighed before running off towards the stables where her foal laid sleeping. -------- Belaraniel walked to her sons room and looked in at him sleeping peacefully. He was so cute for being such a monster. His golden hair and his cute little face. He was indeed the cutest of all six year olds. Lómebrilas walked up behind her and looked into the room. "No matter how much I spoil him… he loves you more then me," Lómebrilas said behind her. Belaraniel felt bad for the way she talked to him. She just felt tired of feeling so tied down. Yeah she was a queen, but more and more she felt like a commoner. When she turned around Lómebrilas was already reaching their room. Belaraniel felt she should go talk to him. "Lómebrilas…" Belaraniel said shutting the door behind her. Lómebrilas looked to her as he sat in a white wooden chair, "I am sorry. I just have been feeling different lately. I can feel something bad stirring, someone plotting. The gods are not done fighting… I can see them in my dreams. I am just so scared of losing everything and everyone… but mostly I am scared of losing myself. I love our son to death, but I am suppose to be raising him a certain way. Yet I don't know what that way is, but I know that it is taking all of me. I don't feel free, I feel… chained down, scared, like someone who has no choice in their life…" before Belaraniel could finish Lómebrilas stood up and kissed her. "I know and I am sorry, I never meant to make you feel that way. Please forgive me, I just don't want to lose the one I love more then life," he said sadly Belaraniel smiled looking at him. "I am sorry Lómebrilas, I am going to try to not be so…" Belaraniel couldn't find the word she was looking for. "I know…" he said looking to her. They laid down together unaware of what tomorrow might bring. --------- Tristan sat high up in a tree looking down. A horse with wings ran bellow him. Tristan laughed as the horse smelled the air looking for him. The Pegasus looked up the tree and saw his friend. Tristan climbed down and stroked Rascal's forelock. Rascal neighed as Tristan climbed onto his back. Tristan was only ten and already a pretty good rider. "Come on my trustful steed," Tristan laughed… he loved to laugh… he wished his mother would laugh more. Rascal galloped through the field, he was a tall white horse with long white wings… though he couldn't yet use them. Tristan told Rascal to stop as they reached the stables. Narduril pranced as his son and Belaraniel's son walked in. ' Good day prince Tristan, ' Narduril said bowing his head slightly. "Good day Narduril, have you seen my mother?" Tristan asked stroking the black horses forelock. ' I believe she is in town Tristan Greenleaf, ' Narduril said, Narduril and Lamia could never speak out loud, only in people's head… but there son Rascal… or Reglif could talk out loud. "Bye Rascal, I'll see you tomorrow," Tristan said rubbing the winged son of the king Narduril and queen Lamia of the animals and unicorns. Tristan grabbed his sling shot from out of his saddle bag and began to walk to town. There were so many elf's in town, so many people to talk to. Tristan saw an elf putting up a sign. He pulled the sling shot back and placed a rock in it. The rock flung into the behind of the elf man. He yelped and grabbed his behind. Tristan laughed behind the cart he was standing behind, he always played little pranks like that. "Darn prince Tristan!" the man yelled use to that behavior from the young prince of Mirkwood. "Tristan," a familiar voice came up behind him. "Hi mom," Tristan said before turning around. Belaraniel stood there with her hand on hips. "Go and apologize Tristan," Belaraniel said pointing to the man who was still rubbing his behind. "Mother…" he began to try and ask his mom to not make him do that. "Nope… go Tristan," Belaraniel said pointing to the older elf. Tristan hung his head as he walked to the old man. The old man crossed his arms as he saw the mischievous prince of Mirkwood. The old man looked to the queen of Mirkwood and knew why he was walking to him. "I am sorry master Delingten. I was being rude, and impolite," Tristan said with his head down. "Thank you Tristan, it takes a man to admit when he is wrong," the elf said looking down to the ten year old boy. "Thank you sir," Tristan said before walking off to his mother. Belaraniel smiled at her son. "Good job Tristan," Belaraniel said bending down to hug her son, Tristan gave his mother a big hug. These days Lómebrilas was too busy for Belaraniel, so she had to fend for herself. Usually his mother and father would walk the town together, but now it was only Belaraniel. Tristan took his mothers hand and led her through the streets. "Look at this mother!" Tristan said looking at a cage with a large bird inside. "Wow… isn't that interesting?" Belaraniel said looking closely at it. "Father always told me he'd get me one, but he never got around to it… I guess he is just to busy for me," Tristan said sadly missing his dad. Belaraniel could see in her sons eyes that he missed his father. Belaraniel kissed her son on the head. "It would seem so these days, but your father loves you Tristan, he adores you," Belaraniel said using her hand to mess up her sons hair. "Do you want to go on a horse ride together?" Belaraniel said her hands on her thighs so she could look her son in the face. "Yes mother, I'd love to," Tristan said a little down. "Good, go have the stable hands prepare Rascal and Narduril for me please," Belaraniel said standing up to her full height. Tristan nodded his head yes, "hurry," Belaraniel laughed patting his back. Tristan ran off for the castle. Belaraniel smiled at her son. "A good child you have there," a mans voice said from behind her. Belaraniel turned around spooked. "Oh yes, he is a good