Summary It is twenty years past the the war of the ring. Aragorn is king of Gondor, Legolas King of Mirkwood, and Sam mayor of The Shire. But the fellowship is not quite over, through their kids their adventure has just begun. But the question is can their children live up to the standards they were born to. Can the prince of Gondor REALLY live up to the expectations? Can the wild hearted princess of Gondor tame her wild heart? Can love that is forbidden come out from hiding? Can the children of the fellowship live up to the legacy of their fathers? And will they be able to stand up to the great peril and come out victorious. Chapter one : The house of Mirkwood and Gondor reunited Authors note: I am finally going through my story to fix what I notice, and add some small details. Thank you to everyone who read it. Belaraniel sat in wait for her brother to return from his adventure. She stood on the balcony of her room waiting for the large gaits of Gondor to reopen, and her brother to ride through on his gray stallion. Belaraniel was one out of a few of Aragorn's daughters, she was the adventurous and lively one. So the only son of King Aragorn of Gondor, was raised to act as any prince and future king should, therefore he found more comfort in little Belaraniel. They were closest when they grew up, he being the eldest was always protective of her so gradually she began to rely on him. The gate flung open and the young prince came into view. His brown hair blowing in the wind, matching the flapping of his stallions mane. Belaraniel ran through her beautiful room, and down to where the prince climbed off of his horse. A large smile appeared on the prince's face as his sister ran from the castle doors, and opened his arms so she could happily collide into them. He spun her around, laughing wildly with each turn. "Wow, Belaraniel… you look so beautiful! Why does it feel like it's been forever since I've seen you?" Eldarion asked as he placed his sister down. "Because it's been months since I've seen your face my brother," Belaraniel said smiling so big you could see all her teeth, Belaraniel tried to stop smiling when she jokingly said, "though it's gone by so quickly." "Has it now," he said nudging her before taking her hand and walking into the castle. They walked to the throne room where his mother and father waited. It was a tradition for the princes to go off on an adventure on their own once they were nineteen, and Aragorn was excited to know what happened. King Aragorn had not been on a wild adventure since the battle for Middle Earth. It had been nearly twenty years since the war of the ring. It was not always peaceful, but it was much safer then before. Brother and sister walked into the throne room where their parents sat waiting. "My son!" Arwen said getting up and running to see her son. She pulled him into her arms and squeezed him tight. "Mother, you haven't aged a day," he smiled looking at his most beautiful mother. She smiled and kissed his cheek before letting him visit his father. "Well? What happened? Did you go to Mirkwood to see King Legolas and prince Lómebrilas? Did you visit Rivendell, your mothers home town? What did you see?" Aragorn asked as he walked up to his son, Aragorn's dark brown hair was starting to be invaded by gray, the sign of age. "Yes father, I saw Lómebrilas, as well as King Legolas. They taught me how to shoot like the elves, then I visited the dwarves their mines are beautiful. As well I saw the forests of many places. Middle earth truly is being rebuilt beautifully father, but nothing is as beautiful as Gondor. I missed my sister, and you as well all of my family very much. However I did enjoy spending time with Prince Lómebrilas he is much like me. I invited him and Legolas to our great nation father, I do hope you do not mind," Eldarion said standing beside his sister again. "Of course I do not mind, I would love to see my dearest of friends! I do not know why I did not think of it to start with! When do they come?" Aragorn asked standing beside his wife. Arwen smiled at how excited her beloved husband was. "Tomorrow actually, I was wondering if we could have a welcome party for them," Eldarion asked giving a nervous look. His father nodded and smiled. "You were always close friends with Lómebrilas, go rest my son your father is pleased of your return. You are now a man," with that the king and queen exited leaving brother and sister alone. "You do remember Lómebrilas don't you my sister?" he asked Belaraniel who turned to face him. Belaraniel began to think back to when they were younger. Prince Lómebrilas had always come and visited. He would pick on her, as they got older he picked on her more. The young prince would challenge her into pony races, and make fun of how she was a girl and could do nothing. Belaraniel got a funny look on her face. Her brother laughed before talking to her again, "he's changed a lot dear sister… you'll find he's not the rotten egg that picked on you and admired our sisters when he was six or nine, it's been ten years. But to bed Belaraniel night covers the lands, and good dreams will not wait for us. Good night fair sister," Eldarion said kissing his sisters hand before walking off. Belaraniel was not tired though, so she took a stroll to the stables, where she groomed her beautiful black stallion. "Oh what am I going to Narduril, if Lómebrilas comes my brother will ignore me as usual. Call it boys sport, when they ride off into the forest and have shooting contest's as well as sword fighting contest…" before she could finish she heard a voice behind her. "Well I thought I taught you well enough to be able to beat those boys," a familiar voice came from behind her. "Oh… hi Olamwen you very well did teach me, but they were trained for battle I was trained to shoot an arrow, and swing a sword. Unlike my brother and the prince of Mirkwood I cannot show it off to anyone," Belaraniel sighed grooming her horse. "I taught you what I was taught. I was one of the minor generals in the king of Gondor's army Belaraniel, and I taught you because you are no ordinary girl. Your father will not allow you to leave for battle, but you can show it off. Prove that rotten boy who can pull a string, and crash metal. I remember this boy yes I do, he once stuck a rotten fish under my pillow… that empty headed son of snakes," Olamwen said with a disgusted look on his face. The older man then placed his hand on Belaraniel's shoulder, "now go to bed your majesty, the morning brings fresh air and new possibilities." Belaraniel walked to her room excitedly, she would show her brother and that snotty Lómebrilas just how skilled with a bow she had become. For the rest of the night her mind raced with battle techniques, as well as how to properly, sit on the horse, aim, and shoot, and because her mother's elvish traits she could aim, hear, and see better. She was also gifted with her father's strength, so she was not as glamorous as her other three sisters. -- Morning came and with it an aroma of fresh cooked eggs, bacon, and pastries. Belaraniel yawned and then walked onto the porch where she could look over her city. She smiled while her brown hair blew in the wind, she was the only one of the girls to have straight hair instead of curly, which was why Belaraniel always wanted to have curly hair instead of straight. But she was more into horse ridding, sword fighting, joking, and running through the forest instead of putting on fancy hair accessories, and painting her face. Her father loved all his children, but he favored Eldarion. The queen though favored Belaraniel fore Belaraniel reminded Arwen of herself when she was younger. The king indeed saw the same thing in Belaraniel, which concerned him and made him VERY strict with Belaraniel. He would be so angry if he knew that his daughter, who was TOO much like her mother and father, had been secretly learning the art of fighting. The former general had been more of a military trainer then anything, he taught her brother, but never fully taught him the real power behind it, "time and patience". The prince and warriors were hasty, but Belaraniel had been very patient, for years he taught her, helped her, sculpted her. Her brother was taught the basics in a month, he was good, very good, but Belaraniel… was secretly better. A tap came upon her door, and by the lightness, she could tell it was her friend Calicien. "Come in!" Belaraniel shouted from her large white balcony. Calicien walked in gracefully, she was very beautiful with golden hair, and green eyes. Calicien smiled before standing in front of Belaraniel. "Your brother asked someone to ask me to give this to you," she said handing Belaraniel a beautiful velvet crimson dress. The dress was beautiful, in the middle of the arms a golden band wrapped around it tightly and the rest of the sleeve flowed and fanned out. Belaraniel danced around in it, she was in aw as she twirled around. Calicien clasped her hands together and awed at the princess. She was not the most beautiful of her sisters, but she was the funniest, and her own person. "You always smile Calicien when you say my brothers name, and better yet you blush when he enters the room. I do believe you're love stricken my friend," Belaraniel smiled and hugged her friend. Calicien blushed and hugged Belaraniel. "Come, come princess, let us fix you up," she joked around, "Besides you haven't seen prince Lómebrilas for awhile, I've heard he is quite the catch Belaraniel," Calicien said pulling out a brush and brushing Belaraniel's long brown hair. With a few clips, Calicien placed red flowers in Belaraniel's hair. Calicien put a touch of pink powder on Belaraniel's cheeks. Though she did not look as beautiful as her sisters, Belaraniel looked beautiful. Calicien dressed up in a plain red dress and exited behind Belaraniel. The castle was buzzing with noise and excitement. Belaraniel watched from the top floor as the doors to the castle swung in and a young servant came in and said, "King Legolas and prince Lómebrilas of Mirkwood." Belaraniel looked at how much the prince looked like his father, they were almost identical except the age and wrinkles beginning to invade King Legolas' face. Legolas was indeed much younger looking then her father King Aragorn. Men seemed to age faster then elves did. The prince looked up at her then glanced down his eyes then darted back up at her, and dipped his head in a small bow to her. Belaraniel did the same and then disappeared. Belaraniel found the stair case and glided down it with Calicien following not too far behind her. The two princes were transferring their greetings, when both at the same time looked up at Belaraniel who's long dress glided behind her. Her dress brought out her slender figure and all her natural curves. Curves neither of them ever thought they'd see in Belaraniel. She had always hid them well in her large gowns that were to big for her. "My lady, it has been awhile," Lómebrilas said kissing her