Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games. I only own my few original characters and ideas. All else belongs to Suzanne Collins and The Hunger Games Trilogy. Chapter 1 (Madge POV) I pull a lace trimmed handkerchief from my pocket and blot the beads of sweat from my face. Between the heat from the sun and building anxiety of reaping day, I'm practically melting into a puddle right here in the town square. I hate this. Hate how the Capitol toys with us like this every year. The fear and uncertainty in the air is so thick it's palpable. It's like this every year. Every single year. I wring my hands together and try to listen to Effie Trinket giving her welcome speech. Ha, a welcome speech. How's that for a cherry on top of all the cruelty that is Reaping Day. Every year, same enthusiastic Effie. Same ridiculous speech. Complete with a video about the dangers of Capitol opposition. And every year they herd all of us here like cattle and force it upon us while we wait to see if the odds are in fact in our favor this reaping year. I stiffen a little as Effie's hand swishes around in the giant glass bowl. Her fingers sifting through the hundreds of slips of paper. Not mine. Please not mine. I silently pray to myself. It's the same prayer every girl here is silently praying at this very moment. Odds are it won't be mine. I don't have very many slips in there. But even one slip is enough to fill my stomach with anxiety. "Primrose Everdeen" I cringe. My breath catches in my throat. That wasn't my name so I should be relieved but I'm not. Not sweet Prim. Not her. She's too young. Too innocent. She'll never survive the games. My thoughts are swirling as I try to make sense of why this poor girl should have to be reaped and then suddenly there's commotion. Shouting. Peacekeepers rushing towards someone. Who? I can't see through the crowd. As I crane my neck to see, I hear a voice shout out. "I volunteer! I volunteer!" It's Katniss. Prim's sister. And she just did the unthinkable. She just took Prim's place. That never happens. No one expected it. It's allowed. The Capitol allows for volunteers. But it just never happens. Not here, not in District 12. I watch in horror as she slowly climbs the steps up to the stage. Effie cackles on about how exciting it is to get a volunteer but I tune her out. All I can do is watch and try to hold it together. Katniss was my friend. Well, sort of my friend. She's so protective of her little sister that in a way I suppose it isn't a surprise that she's volunteered. What else would she do? As the commotion dies down I'm drawn back to attention as Effie fishes another slip out of the bowl. And even though it's a boy's name this time, my stomach still flip flops in the instant before she reads the name into the microphone. "Peeta Mellark." Again my heart sinks and I cringe. Not kindhearted Peeta. He's so gentle and quiet. I don't know him well but I do know him. And I know that he too will never survive the games. He doesn't strike me as a fighter. The rest of the Reaping ceremony blurs passed as I try to think of what I want my last words with Katniss to be. After the ceremony, they always have a brief hour of visitation for friends and family to say goodbye to the tributes. I'll go and talk to her. I have too. But what do I say? Do I wish her luck? Do I hug her? And how will she be? What could she possibly be feeling right now? As soon as we're dismissed, I quickly make my way to the third floor of the Justice Building where they hold the tribute's visitations. Right away, without asking, I can tell which line is forming for Peeta and which is for Katniss. Peeta's from town and is very well liked and so lots of friends are already waiting outside his door. Katniss, well, she's a different story. While most everyone knows of her, very few actually know her. Her only family is her mother and her little sister Prim. As for friends, well, there's just Gale Hawthorne. He's her best friend. I don't see him though. Surely he'll come and say goodbye, right? I nod at the peacekeeper stationed outside her door and he opens it, allowing me entry. I go in and the door quickly shuts behind me with a thud. "Katniss?" I timidly call out. She's here. Standing over at the window, facing out. "You didn't have to come." She mumbles. "I wanted to. I needed to tell you how brave you are." I explain. I still have no clue what to say to her right now but brave seems like a good thing to say. "Brave?" She echos as she turns and looks at me. "Yes. You did a very admirable and brave thing today." I say again. She laughs. A delirious kind of laugh. Perhaps an exasperated one. "I certainly feel anything but brave." She admits. "I want you to take this with you. As your token." I tell her as I pull my pin from my dress. It's a gold mockingjay pin that once belonged to my Aunt. I doubt Katniss owns any sort of valuable that could be a token she could bring into the arena with her. Maybe giving her mine will allow her some sort of comfort. "Madge, I can't take that." She says shaking her head. "It'll help remind you of home." I tell her, ignoring her protest as I reach over and pin it to the thin, pale blue fabric of her dress. I don't know what else to say and I don't want to monopolize all her time so I quickly lean over and embrace her in a light hug. Normally, I'd never hug her but in this moment, it just felt right. And then I leave before either of us can speak another word. Tears sting hot in the corners of my eyes as I hurry from the room. I don't look back. I can't let myself do that, it would hurt too much. I see that Katniss now has a small line waiting. Mrs. Everdeen and Prim. The Hawthorne family, minus Gale. I nod in their direction and fight to hold back my tears as I hurry passed them. I wonder where Gale is? He's her closest friend. He can't let her leave without saying goodbye. He just can't do that to her. I glance up at the clock that hangs above the marble staircase. There's still time. He could still make it. I look over at Peeta's line. It's still long. Looks as if he's in with his family now. It's terrible to imagine what they all must be feeling right now. I decide not to wait in Peeta's line since he still has so many waiting and since time is so limited as it is. He and I weren't close, just town acquaintances. The proper thing to do would be to allow his actual friends the time they need with him. As I make my way down the staircase I pass Gale. Our eyes meet but only for a moment. We don't speak but that isn't unexpected. He and I aren't friendly with one another. I've never really understood what his reasons were, but he's always seemed annoyed by my presence. On the few occasions he has spoken to me, it was for business transactions only. He and Katniss, they both helped provide for their families by trading and selling things they hunted or collected out in the woods beyond the district fence. Occasionally, that would include selling things to my family at my backdoor. Aside from that, he's only ever made a handful of chiding remarks which I chose to ignore. I watch as he makes his way up to the visitation and then loose sight of him. At least he came to say goodbye to her, I think to myself. Out of the Justice Building, I make my way towards home. My father, being the Mayor, our house is situated up on a hill, overlooking the town square. It's the largest, most elaborate home in all the district. It's also the loneliest, though I can't imagine many others view it that way. No, I think that's mostly just my opinion. With my father's responsibilities, he's never around. I usually only see him in passing or at events. My mother, well, she's there but she's very ill and has been bedridden most all of my life. Most days, she's so ill that I can't even go into her room and see her. On her really good days, which are far and few between, I sit in a chair by her bedside while she rests. The only others in my house are employees. A housekeeper, Glennis, who handles the cleaning and the cooking as well as a groundskeeper, Charlie, who maintains the property and gardens. Both of them are perfectly kind to me but they don't make up for the family I often wish I had. The other regular visitors in our house are citizens of the Capitol, here on business or for events such as this afternoon's reaping. And given the choice, I'd much prefer to be lonely than have any of them as company. There awful. Every one of them, just plain awful. But, I never have the choice. And when they're here, I must always be a shining example of a District 12 citizen. Always. That means pretending I care about the Capitol. Acting as if I'm interested in what these visitors have to say or want to do. I dread each and every visit. I pause on the path that leads up to my house. I honestly can't handle the thought of being around any Capitol people right now. And they're likely watching other reapings on the viewing box in our front parlor which I can't deal with at the moment. Not when people I care about are preparing to head into an arena where they'll be forced to fight for their very lives. But where else can I disappear to? I spin on my heel and head back towards town. Shopping is all I can think of. I don't feel like shopping but it at least gives me an excuse to be out of the house. If anyone questions where I've been, I can always say something stupid like I wanted a new outfit to celebrate our districts very first volunteer. It's absurd that anyone would ever do that but Capitol people tend to be very materialistic so I'm certain they'd believe it. I make my way over to the small row of shops in town. 12 isn't a large district and and it most certainly isn't a wealthy one. We only have the minimums here. One shoe store. One clothing store. One jewelry store. One bakery. One grocery store. All of them small with very little selection. Being a district of little wealth, stores here struggle to stay open as most people cannot afford much beyond necessities. I however, am an exception. I have plenty of money at my disposal. And that constantly leaves me racked with guilt. It seems so unfair that I should have excess when so many in our district have nothing. Especially when I think about how little those who live in the Seam have. I enter the clothing store and the bell on the door jingles, announcing my entry. Alice appears from the back of the shop. She's in my grade in school though I wouldn't consider her a friend. Just another town acquaintance. Her family owns the