A/N: Okay, so I know I said I was done with Fanfiction but I couldn't seem to get a few lingering ideas out of my head so I started what was meant to be a one shot but it seems it'll be a little more than that. Not long enough to be a full on story or anything but longer than a one shot. Probably a handful of chapters at most. It picks up shortly after Madge awakens in 13 without memory of her past. Gale's desperate to win her love again but Tripp isn't sure he can just sit back and not fight for her this time. Some things will be similar to what you read in "My Everything" and some will be different. It's meant to be an alternate course of events to what transpired in "My Everything". POV's will be Madge, Gale and Tripp. At any rate, here's the first chapter, hope you enjoy! Chapter 1 (Madge POV) My entire head is throbbing. With my eyes closed, I reach up and massage my temples a little. It doesn't help. I sigh and open my eyes. Gazing around the room, I feel the urge to close my eyes again but I don't. I just don't. Instead I force myself to take a deep breath and push myself to a sitting position. I'd been lying here, desperately trying to sleep but it's no use. The pounding in my head is relentless and my thoughts are racing through my mind from all different directions. Think clearly Madge. Focus on just one thought at a time. I tell myself this. Whether it helps, I'm not certain. In the past 24 hours, I've woken up in a strange place, been informed that not only have I forgotten an entire year of my life, but I was a tribute in the games, was rescued from the arena and now living in District 13 which is apparently an underground district. The best part though? I mean, the real shocker? That I am married! To Gale Hawthorne of all people! I was released from the Medical Center and an employee walked me up to the place I'll be living. It's called a unit. Sort of District 13's version of a house. Only it isn't a house. Really just a single bedroom and a very small bathroom. Undecorated. Plain and very concrete. No windows underground of course. That would all be something I could get used too if it weren't for one thing. Or person rather. I don't get to live here alone. I have to live here with Gale. It was incredibly awkward last night. Gale Hawthorne and I are not, nor have we ever been, what I would consider friends. We barely know each other. Or at least that's the way I remember it to be. And apparently, I've got it all wrong. Last night, after some very awkward conversation about how it is we came to even speak to each other, much less become a couple, I'd gotten a headache and when he brought me my medicine, he'd reached out and stroked my cheek with his fingertips. I'd pulled back instantly, terrified he was about to kiss me. And his face just fell. I'd crushed his heart in one split second of an instant. I tried to cover up the tension by saying I felt like sleeping but the moment I'd said it, I regretted it. There was only one bed in our room. Thankfully, he was a gentleman and didn't try to sleep in the bed with me. He'd taken the floor and let me have the bed to myself. Thanks to the medicine, I'd fallen asleep fairly quickly. When I woke this morning, I heard the shower running and I took that as my opportunity to pretend to still be asleep. Last night was so incredibly uncomfortable between Gale and I that I just couldn't bare to face him again this morning. Not while my head is all foggy and confused. He'd hesiatated to leave with me still sleeping. I could tell by the way his footsteps paced across the floor. Ultimately, he'd left though. And that leaves me sitting here in bed, trying to make sense of this all. I just can't seem to figure out how to do that. There's a piece of paper on the night table by the bed. Some sort of schedule for me I think. It says I'm supposed to go to the Medical Center today and meet with more doctors. And I'm running out of time before I'm supposed to be there. I let out another sigh and decide a bath might help get me going. In the small bathroom, I disappointingly find that there's only a shower stall, not a bathtub. And it comes with lukewarm water. I fight back tears and try to give myself a pep talk. It's okay Madge. You'll get your memory back soon and everything will make sense again. Or else I'll wake up from what is surely the strangest dream I've ever had. I don't get a leisurely shower though because this lukewarm water quickly becomes icy cold. I climb out and find a towel. It isn't soft and fluffy like the ones in my bathroom at home. Instead it's stiff and almost scratchy. I dry off quickly and only then does it hit me that I don't know where my clean clothes are. I wrap the towel around myself and tiptoe back into the bedroom. I'm just opening the dresser when the door to the unit opens. I startle and my head shoots up, finding Gale standing there, mouth open, staring at me. "Turn around!" I shriek half out of embarrassment , half out of anger. Doesn't he have enough manners not to stare at me while I'm half naked? "Sorry." He mutters as he quickly turns around. I grab a folded pair of pants and a top from one of the drawers and then dart back into the bathroom, slamming the door behind me. I furiously pull on the ill fitting clothing. How embarrassing! I cannot believe he just saw me in nothing but this measly little towel! And now I'm going to have to come out of here and face him after that? No. No way am I doing that! I sit down on the floor and hug my knees to my chest. No use fighting the tears any longer. They slide down my cheeks and I don't think I've ever felt more lost and alone than I do right now. After what feels like a good little while, there's a soft knock on the bathroom door. I don't respond. I'm too upset. Too embarrassed. It's altogether too awkward. But Gale doesn't take the hint. He knocks again, this time calling out my name. "Madge? I'm sorry, I should have knocked before I came in. I just wanted to check on you, make sure you knew where you needed to go and all." "I'm fine. Just fine!" I call back out through the door. There's silence for a minute or two and I think he must be debating what to do next. "Well, um, I think you're supposed to go back down to the Medical Center. I…I can walk you down there if you want." "No thank you. I can find it on my own." I reply. I know he's trying to be nice and I know he didn't mean to embarrass me but I just can't face him right this minute. "Okay. I'll see you later I guess." He calls back to me. His voice is sad and I guess this must all be just as hard for him as it is for me. I don't want to make him sad but I just don't know him. I just don't. I don't say anything back to him. I just wait for the sound of the door closing behind him as he leaves. After a few more minutes just for good measure, I finally pull myself from the floor and cautiously open the door. Empty room, thank goodness. I glance at the clock. Of course I'm already late. And to top it off, I honestly have no clue how to get to the Medical Center. I wasn't paying attention last night when I left there so I already know I'll have to ask someone for directions. Sure, the easiest, most sensible thing would've been for me to allow Gale to help me find my way down there but I just couldn't do it. I put on my bravest face and head out into the hallway. It's mostly empty and I chew my lip, trying to decide which way to go. Left or right? Which way was it again that I came from? I know I'll need to get on the elevator, but which way was it? Left it is, I guess. At this point, I'm already late anyway so if I get lost, I doubt it'll even matter. I follow the winding hallway until it ends with a large door, unlike the other doors I've passed by. I push through the heavy door and realize that I've found the stairs. This will do, I think to myself as I begin making my way down them. I'm unsure of how many flights down I should go but I continue on just in case I find a directory board or perhaps someone to ask directions of. I've cleared three flights when I bump into someone. A lot of someones. Familiar someones. "Oh, hello there dearie. You look a little lost. Perhaps I can help?" An official looking woman in gray asks me. She's holding a clipboard and has a trail of people following her. People from 12. Katniss, Peeta, The Krull family. Mrs. Hawthorne and Gale included. I feel my face redden in more embarrassment and I reply in a low voice. "Thank you, I'm looking for the Medical Center." "Yes, yes, of course you are. Let me get someone to show you." She says as she turns and before I can stop her she calls out for a volunteer to take me down to the Medical Center. If I wasn't already mortified, this ought to do it. Madge Undersee, helpless as always. I see Gale step forward as if to volunteer but Tripp Krull beats him to the punch. "I'll show her. I was just there yesterday, know exactly where it is." I relax a little because at least I know Tripp. I mean, I know him more than Gale anyway. His parents owned the Café in town so I've crossed paths with him regularly, though I wouldn't really call us friends. Acquaintances more so. But still, at least with Tripp it won't be awkward and he won't have just seen me in nothing but a bath towel. "Wonderful, thank you. You can meet up with us again in the cafeteria afterwards." She tells Tripp as she turns and proceeds to continue leading her group on their tour. As they walk passed Tripp and I, I notice the pained look on Gale's face even though I try not to meet his gaze. I'll have to apologize to him later for how I acted this morning when he came in. I shouldn't have yelled and I shouldn't have slammed the bathroom door. Even if I was embarrassed, I shouldn't act like that. "You don't have to walk me all the way there. Just point me in the right direction and I'm sure I can find it." I tell Tripp. He smiles and shrugs. "I was bored with that tour anyway. Everything here looks the same to me so the tour gets old really fast." He tells me as he leads me down the stairs. "Have you ever seen so much concrete in all your life?" He jokes. "I know. It's so cold and plain." I agree. "So, how are you feeling?" "Headaches but other than that,