AUTHORS NOTE: (RE-PUBLISHED)(details at the end of the chapter) — Hey all, Emily here. I just wanted to kind of give you all a little update on what's going on. As you can see, I've started a new story. It's a bit darker than I'm used to writing, or that I've ever written, but I'm completely up for the challenge. I'm very excited to begin a new journey with these two characters, and I hope you all are just as ready to go along with me. And before I get hounded about it, I guess some warnings should be in order. For all intensive purposes, this story will be rated M. There's a multitude of reasons why I've chosen to do so. One— Profanity. I tend to use a lot of cursing in my stories, though I know that doesn't bother anyone. Two— sexual situations. If you're not comfortable with reading those kinds of things, feel free to skip them. And three— there is going to be a lot of heavy subject matter in this story. And like I stated previously, it's going to be a heavy footed kind of story. I'm going to be depicting the situation of a miscarriage, and also a major character death. I know that's a very sensitive subject for a lot of people, so I'm giving you a fair warning now. I won't be writing anything graphic (no blood/gore/anything, of course), but it will be heavily emotional in a lot of the chapters, and I just want you all to be prepared for that. No, I don't enjoy thrusting these characters into the most painful of situations, but it's important to me, as a writer, that I try and evoke such things into my writing. It's a good learning experience. And so, I'm hoping to gain a lot of you all's support throughout this story, for it's very dear to my heart at this point in time. We'll all grow and learn, just like these characters. And don't worry, I love happy endings. You don't have to worry about that. Anyways, I really hope that you'll enjoy this first chapter. Leave me a review at the end letting me know what you think. Love you all— enjoy the chapter. In The Quiet Morning— Chapter 1 I don't think I am alone in stating that there is something twisted about a person who doesn't even acknowledge their own life is burning down all around them. The numbness that seems to fill them to the very core until they feel nothing but emptiness throughout, though the fire still seems to lick at their mind as the thoughts of what they've lost come burning a fiery path through their sub-conscience. "Katniss?" His voice breaks through the muddled haze that corrupts her mind, transporting her back into lucidity. "Katniss, will you please talk to me?" Her eyes, which were once transfixed on the blank wall across from her, now slowly flit to the eyes of her husband. The cold, seemingly lifeless eyes of her husband— the eyes in which reflect her very own sorrow and despair upon herself. "I need you to talk to me," he whispers, picking her hand up off the table, stroking his thumb across her knuckles. "At least eat something." She continues to reside silently, unmoving. Her breakfast remains untouched for what must be the third week in a row. There's a part of her that knows her husband is staring into her eyes— begging, pleading for her to give him any sign that she is alive. Okay. But there's another part, a much larger part, that knows that she'll never be okay. A part that is so deeply rooted inside of herself that— regardless of how much she wishes that things could be different— she'll never be able to forgive herself. She's lost the ability to perceive hope any longer. "Katniss—" she yanks her hand away as her husband grips it tightly, her eyes darting over to the entry way to the kitchen where their daughter now stands, fiddling with the hem of her knitted sweater. Curiosity fills those round cerulean orbs, and for a moment, they flicker with something she can't quite place. "Daddy, can you help me in my room? I'm trying to paint something— I need your help." His eyes catch her own for a moment, holding her gaze before it wavers off to their daughters. "Levin, honey, come here," he motions for her to come sit, and Katniss' eyes follow her all the way— settling herself down upon his lap. His arms wrap around her lithe frame, giggles emanating from the back of her throat as he tickles her sides. "I'll meet you up there in five minutes, is that alright?" Their daughter puckers her lips in a moment of contemplation, before slowly nodding her head. "Sure, daddy. But five minutes— not any longer." She sticks her finger in his face, adamant in making her point. She hops off of her fathers lap, her eyes searching her own as she walks to stand directly to her right. And for the first time in a long time, their gazes don't disconnect. Their daughter reaches out slowly, carefully, as if she was a wounded animal. Gently, she takes the free hand lying in her lap and gives it a tight squeeze, her lips turning up into her fathers warm smile. "I love you, mommy. You're gonna be okay." Katniss blinks a few times, her daughters words bringing her back to lucid consciousness. Though she continues to smile, stepping forward and wrapping her arms around her neck. Slowly, she reciprocates, her arms encircling her daughters waist for what feels to be a precious second, if that, before she's pulling away, all too quickly, placing a feathery light kiss upon her very own cheek. The words leave her mouth before she's aware she's muttered them— "I love you too." And for the first time in weeks, she's uttered her first words. Both her husband, and Levin, stare at her for a long while, the words still hanging in the back of her throat, fostering an odd sensation to build up within herself. Her daughters eyes glimmer with false hope as her gaze breaks away from her own, getting hold of her fathers. He gives her a tight smile, in return, before nodding his head towards the staircase. "Go on, I'll be there in a bit." She doesn't say another word before turning and traipsing slowly out of the room. She pivots on her feet for a moment, a small, fleeting moment, before giving Katniss a small wave goodbye. "Katniss?" Her eyes meet his suddenly, hopeful, from across the table. His voice is filled with such supposition as he speaks. "I know you don't want to talk right now, but— I do want you to know that I love you. And…we're going to make it through this." She almost wants to scoff, point at him, laugh in his face for having such false presumptions. But she's far too tired to put that much energy into something so meaningless as taunting. No matter how unrealistic— or untrue— his statement may be. "I think you should see someone—" he pauses. Her eyes fixate themselves on the cold, hard tiles of the kitchen floor, keeping them trained on anything but his fretful stare as he continues to try and catch her eyes. "—anyone. I think it's time. We could even go together, if that's what you want. I'm going to do everything in my power to—" "No." The voice that leaks from her throat is an unfamiliar sound. The once fluid, melodic tone has turned to fragile stone, seemingly cracking beneath her fingertips. "No." "What?" he asks. "Katniss, look at me." He's begging, pleading, tugging on her hand until she allows her eyes to lock with his once more. "Please listen. Please be open about this. I'm trying to help you." "I don't need any help." Her voice catches at the end of her sentence, but she swallows the tears nonetheless. "Just…maybe just think about it, alright? It doesn't have to be right now, or anytime soon, but you need to talk to someone. We— need to talk to someone." "No. We don't." "Please, Katniss—" "Just stop!" Her throat begins to burn from holding back for so long, the scratchiness resulting in a dull ache. Then suddenly, everything begins to resurface, and if she doesn't get out now, she's going to continue to suffocate. "Please, just stop." She's to her feet in record time, the chair she previously resided now falls to the floor behind her. She's just made it through the entryway when a firm hand wraps around her forearm, pulling her back into something solid. She twists in his arms, pushing—shoving— doing anything for him to let her go. But he's relentless in his efforts. "Peeta, let me go!" she screams, hot, angry tears finally escaping the corners of her eyes. Biting her lip to the point of drawing blood, she continues to struggle against him, thrashing about violently before her knees finally give out, sending her into puddle of skin and bones. Oh, what a metaphor this is— her body lying against the cold, hard floor. Matching the emptiness inside of her as her face presses against the tile. "Just…let me—go." "I can't." He drops to his knees, then, scooping her up into his arms, beginning to rock her back and forth. She wishes he would just leave, go, never come back. Leave her here to soak in self pity as she drowns herself in her own grief and sorrow. But at least she's feeling something—even if that something is anger, pain, sadness. It's better than the numb, bottomless void she's been stuck in for as long as she can remember. "Shh… Shh it's okay. It's okay." His words are muddled nonsense to her, leaving little to no meaning. She knows better than to believe any of it. It's all worthless dialect that is immediately discredited form her mind. If memory serves her correct, she'll never be okay after this. Her mind begins to blur, the motion from his rocking sending her into a fit of despair. She can feel the walls closing in around her, stealing her away to the darkness once more. She's suffocating, fighting for each and every breath she breathes into her lungs. It's almost as if there's no use in trying anymore, as the air seems to be getting thinner and thinner the longer she gulps for breath. Peeta's arms like a vice surrounding her aren't helping, so she pushes against his chest, shoving him until he finally releases her from his grasp. Shuffling on her hands and knees until she's able to push herself to a stand, she throws her arms out to steady herself against the tilting of the room. And just as the corners of her vision begin to fizzle out, her knees give once again, her entire world fading to black. "I can assure you, Mr. Mellark, your wife is quite alright. She's stable for now, but if you need anything more, please give me a call. I'm leaving you with my personal number as well, before she is discharged, so if I'm not available through my office, you know where to reach me." The voices from the other side of closed eyelids sound vaguely muddled. Her head throbs continuously against the inside of her skull, her hand automatically lifting to press against the side of her head to stop the pressure— though her arm doesn't make it but a few inches from the bed before it's pulled by something, restricting it's movement. Her eyes flutter open, then, fluorescent lights burning through her eyes as she struggles to make out the figures now standing in front of her. Though dizziness soon overtakes her, forcing her eyes to a close. "Katniss." His voice comes out rushed, and though she can't see him, she can feel his