Author's Note: Hey guys! Are you all as excited for this story as I am? I'm honestly so excited right now I can hardly stand it. I can't believe I am continuing Roads. I went back and forth on this for a while, thinking about whether or not I should continue it. And I finally decided that I should, and I'm so glad I decided to. For those of you who are here because of Roads, welcome back! And to those of you who are new, hello, and welcome! Now, if you haven't read Roads yet, I don't suppose it would be that big of a deal if you skipped straight to this, but if you like to have information, and more of a back story, I suggest you go back and read Roads. Also, a little info on ages and such: I time hopped a bit since Roads. This story start out 4 years after Roads. Which would mean that Katniss and Peeta are both 29. Avery is 11, and Maria is 5. Anyways, thank you all for reading, and sticking with me as always. Don't forget to let me know what you think, after reading this of course, by leaving a review. They really help me keep it up. Enjoy. All mistakes are mine. Crossroads — C hapter 1 It's just around sunset, the sky melding a muted orange into cerulean. And as the midsummer breeze flows through and blows my hair behind my shoulder, cold chills travel down my spine. The ambience is considerably calming, with the various sounds of nature coming to a close for the night. Crickets are just beginning to chirp in this muggy June night as we make our final rounds of unloading the U-Haul. " Katniss! Put that box down, right now!" I whip around, the box full of kitchen supplies bumping the inside of the door frame, causing me to stumble a few steps inside. Peeta sets down the box he was carrying and rushes over to me, taking the box from my hands. I cross my arms over my chest defiantly. "It's fine, Peeta. I'm fine. I can carry a box— it doesn't even weigh that much," I huff, but Peeta isn't having any of it. If his stern stare and slight irritation is any indication, he's upset by my defiance. "You know I don't want you carrying anything. I asked you—" "I know! But this is going to be our house, and I want to help." "I think you're helping enough," he whispers, kissing the tip of my nose before allowing his hand to rest on the barely visible bump. "Besides, I don't want you doing anything more than simply grace me with your presence." I roll my eyes and scoff. "I'm not helpless, Peeta. I'm pregnant." "I know, but still— I love you. And if I have anything to do with it, you're not lifting a finger." "But—" "No buts— not a finger." He lifts his finger up for emphasis before ghosting his lips across my own. I feel his hand wrap around my waist in order to pull me closer, and just as I lean into his touch, he gives a firm slap to my ass. Our lips break apart before I shove him away, scowling. "That's foul play, Mellark." "Oh whatever—" "Mommy!" Peeta and I both whip around just in time to watch Maria bounding up the front steps before slamming into me. Her raven curls tangle around her face on impact as she bounces off of me, taking a few steps back before hitting her back against Peeta's front. "Woah there, little woman." Peeta laughs, grabbing Maria's shoulders. She bobbles on her feet to catch her balance before holding a small box out to me. "Here mommy, Avery found this and told me it's for you." As if on cue, Avery appears behind us in the front yard, walking around the big Oak tree and rounding his way to the porch. Peeta reaches for the box in Maria's hand and and I watch as his eyes widen slightly. "Actually, Maria, we can't give this to your mommy just yet," he whispers, kneeling down to meet her eye line. "We have to wait for…" he trails off, tapping his finger against my little belly. Maria's lips curve up into a knowing smile, and I can't help but feel like they are keeping a little secret of their own. Peeta stands, then, just as Avery makes it up the stairs. "Hey, momma," he greets, waving a hand. He's breathing heavily, probably due to the fact that he's been helping Peeta move boxes all day. That eleven year old has way too much energy and strength. "Ave's, why don't you take Maria up and show her her new bedroom, huh?" Maria beams happily, completely elated that she finally gets to have her own bedroom. "Would you like that? And then maybe later we can go look at paint." "Okay papa!" Maria cheers, jumping in her spot. "I'll race you!" She turns quickly to Avery who, in a matter of seconds, darts into the house. Of course, just like his father, he itches for a challenge. Maria isn't too far behind, leaving Peeta and I to ourselves. I try to bypass him and pick the box back up off the ground, but Peeta glares at me. "Come on, don't do that," I say, pouting my bottom lip. "Please let me help. I've been pregnant before, I know what I'm allowed to do." "But you know what Dr. Aurelius said… It's different with multiples." Peeta beams at me, shaking his head. "I still can't believe that." "I know, it seems a little crazy, doesn't it?" " Twins , Katniss. Twins." Neither of us can contain the smiles that stretch our faces. Peeta wraps an arm around my shoulder and leads me down the path that leads to the street. Once we reach the end, he turns us around, letting us observe in silence. Our home, safely nestled in a new, quiet suburban neighborhood just outside of Seattle, illuminates light from the various facades. The dark grey brick is a stark contrast in comparison to the large, white washed windows. A large Oak tree towers above the second story, just in front of what will be the master bedroom. The paved path in which Peeta and I are standing on now leads straight to the few steps up to the dark, wooden door which is accented with two, black sconce lights on both sides. The landscaping is so beautifully intricate, with a winding pattern of mulch filled with bushes and flowers of all sorts and colors. The yard itself, with it's large capacity, is dotted with multiple assorted trees, all of which are in no way compared to our Oak tree. I smile, leaning further into Peeta. His hand grips my hip, his thumb rubbing small circles on the side of my belly. And I know, in this moment, that nothing could be better than life itself. Because this is our life now. "This color?" Peeta asks, holding up a bright pink paint sample. Maria shakes her head vehemently. "No… too bright. I don't want pink… maybe blue?" "Blue sounds like a great idea," Peeta agrees, leading Maria over to the blue paint samples. "Do you see any that you like? There's…a darker blue— or this one, it's like a sky blue." "Oh, Oh! I like that one!" she squeals, grabbing the sample out of Peeta's hand and handing it to me. "Mommy! Look at this, isn't it pretty?" I take the sample from her hand, admiring the color her and Peeta have chosen together. "I love it, baby. It'll look great in your new room." Her smile beams up at me, her rare dimples on full display. She resembles her father so much in that aspect, Gale having to have given her those himself. Maria clutches the sample to her chest, jumping up and down. "Peeta says he's gonna help me paint my room when we get home!" The way she says home makes my heart skip a beat. "Is that so?" My eyes flicker over to him, now helping Avery look at the samples. Avery looks disinterested, but is going along with it anyways. Ugh, pubescent boys. "Yeah! And I asked when we were gonna paint the babies room but he says we have to wait and find out if they're boys or girls." She pouts, giving a frustrated groan. "When are we gonna find out, mommy? I gotta know! I just gotta!" "Well, the babies aren't big enough to find out, yet. But as soon as they are, we're gonna go and look, okay? And you'll be the first to know." She smiles at that. "Okay cool! Well I'm gonna go talk to Peeta now. Bye!" She scurries off to Peeta, and he picks her up, placing her on his hip. It's crazy to think about how close the two of them have become over the past four and half years. Maria has had Peeta wrapped around her finger ever since she called him "papa" for the first time a few years ago. Avery walks towards me, now, a sullen, disinterested look on his face. "When are we going home?" he asks, leaning against one of the isle walls. "I'm bored." "You don't want to look at paint colors for your room?" I ask. He huffs. "Not really, I'm just gonna let dad decide. I don't really care." He's already inherited his fathers jaw clench that he does when he's done with a conversation. That boy just doesn't stop. He develops more and more of Peeta's mannerisms every day. "Okay, if your sure. But you can always pick out a color or change your mind if you want." "I'm fine." "Peeta!" Maria screams, ducking her face into her elbow. "That's not fair! You can't do that!" Peeta chuckles lightly, reaching out and smearing another line of blue paint across Maria's forehead. I watch in silence at the two, admiring their jovial behavior. I don't even feel jealous that she only wanted Peeta to help her paint. It makes my heart swell that she's willing to spend this much time with him. I twist my wedding rings around my finger momentarily as I watch, trying to alleviate some of the pain from the swelling. I was never this swollen carrying Maria. "Aha! Got you!" he yells back. But Maria is quick, like me, jumping up and smacking him on the arm, leaving a little five year old handprint on his skin. He retaliates, dropping his roller brush covered in paint onto the tarp covered floor, swooping down and throwing Maria over his shoulders, giving me a triumphant smile. I roll my eyes. "Okay children, settle down. You're going to make a mess." But I can't help but laugh at the sight. "Mom!" I stick my head out into the hallway when I hear Avery's voice coming from downstairs. "Somebody's at the door!" "Coming!" Peeta and I exchange places for a moment as he gives me thumbs up, assuring me that he can handle Maria by himself for a while. I quickly pad down the stairs and into the hallway, rounding the corner to the front door. I glance around the living room to find Avery plopped down onto the couch watching television. "Avery, who's at the door?" "I dunno," he responds, not even turning to face me. I huff, reaching foe the handle and slowly opening the door, revealing a woman and a little girl, maybe a little younger than Avery, standing in front of me. "Hello," I answer, leaning slightly against the door. "Can I help you?" The woman smiles, her blue eyes gleaming. "Oh, well my daughter and I just noticed you moved in a few days ago, and thought that maybe we could bring you a little house warming gift." It's then that I notice the