This was a collaboration entry between myself and Big Papa Peter in the Better in Texas Fiction Winter Wonderland Contest. We got second place. All twilight characters belong to s Meyer. "Come on, It'll be great fun." Emmett said trying to convince the newbie that it was a good idea something akin to a maniac grin on his face. "I'm sure it will, but why the hell are we hunting birds?" Mark asked the assembled vampires. Mark was new to the Cullen clan, only three months into this second life. Rosalie had come across his mangled body in a car crash on her way back from a hunt. Something had called to her and she just had to save him when she heard his gradually fading heartbeat. The blood didn't bother her at all, much to her surprise, as she pushed her venom into his veins beginning the transformation. He had been grateful and embraced the second chance he had from the very start, never looking back or bemoaning what he had lost. In his eyes he had gained a family forever and was determined to make the best of it. Rose had helped him immensely and supported him in every way. She had steered him through his newborn rages and was happy to help alleviate some of the other 'frustrations'. Emmett and Jasper had become his friends immediately and they often hunted together, played games and such. But this was to be his first all guy hunt. A Christmas tradition apparently. "Tastes like chicken" Emmett answered in a startlingly brilliant imitation of Timon from the 'Lion King' film. "It's like eating turkey for thanksgiving." Peter offered helpfully. He and Charlotte were visiting for the holidays. Mark had liked Peter and Charlotte instantly, appreciating his wry humor and Charlotte's perky 'personality'. "Has to be done, even I'm gonna have some." "You! Yeah right." He said scornfully "Wow look at that pig flying past!" He pointed toward the window. "Look you managed bears and mountain lions easily enough" Jasper added casually. "Not afraid of a little birdie are you?" "They taste decent, that squirrel you dared me to try tasted like shit." He replied "And no I've never been scared of birds" he added with a wink at Alice. She giggled quietly then slipped into a vision. "Oh you boys!" she said as she came out of it. "You'll have a great time Mark, I promise. It'll be an experience you will never forget." He wasn't sure that was a good thing, but then again vampire brains never forgot. He quite liked that part of what he was. He liked the speed and strength, the thirst he could cope with but the lighting up like a bloody great disco ball whenever the sun came out was, in his humble opinion a gigantic pain in the butt, as well as being possibly the stupidest thing he had ever seen. She kissed Jasper a quick goodbye with a knowing smile and kissed Mark on the cheek as she passed him by. The girls were going shopping, again. Mark had been pleasantly shocked by the open, friendly nature of the vampires he lived with. He did feel like part of the family, and has been welcomed with open arms, literally. It was share and share alike in that household, he never felt lonely. "Isn't Carlisle coming?" he asked as he watched her walk up the stairs, wondering briefly if he had time to follow her. "No" Jasper said with a laugh, clamping his hand down hard on Marks shoulder. "Come on" "Newborns" Peter muttered with a laugh as they headed toward the door. "One track minds the lot of 'em. Feedin' fightin' and fuckin'." "Sorry boys I have a shift at the hospital I can't get out of. I am afraid I'll have to miss out." Carlisle said with a chuckle as he appeared behind them, his arm around Esme's waist. With a whoop Emmett launched himself off the porch and darted to his jeep. "Now remember guys," his disembodied voice drifted towards them. "What happens on a hunt stays on a hunt. Now let's hunt some snipe!" Mark fit in with the group so well. It was as though he had been a part of it for years. They all loved his free will spirit; get a long attitude and his witty charm. However, the boys couldn't resist the urge to initiate him into the coven by creating a new Cullen vampire tradition with this hunt. With excitement vibrating from his body Emmett plopped his butt down in the driver's seat and proclaimed to anyone within earshot. "Everybody pile in already. Let's get the supplies for the hunt and get this show on the road." Emmett happily seemed to be heading up this trip as he pulled up in front of the farm store. He continued to give out orders. "Peter go get the stuff so we can get going. It's almost the dusk of twilight." The sun was just down at the horizon and getting ready to set soon, the colours changing from blue to purple, orange and red. Emmett was anxious and filled with anticipation. He rubbed his hands together in glee and tried to hurry them up; he didn't want to waste a precious moment of the daylight they had left. "Jasper come with me." Peter said "We'll get it done quicker with the two of us." They were laughing as they went inside to begin their task at hand. "Where do we start in here?" They were greeted by an eager employee at the door. "Good evening gentlemen, can I assist you in locating something today?" Peter gave a quick wink to Jasper. "I got this." He glanced at the kid's name tag. "Jason is it? May I call you Jason?" "Of course Sir." "Well Jason, here is what we need. We have a little surprise in store for our friend." Jason had a surprised and slightly perplexed look on his face once Peter explained the plan to him. He scratched his head while Peter went down the list of necessary items they needed for the evening. "I don't know if we carry all of those things Sir." "I have faith in you kid, adlib where you need. They don't just give out those name tags to just anyone Jason." "Well actually Sir, they do give out these name tags to anyone, well everyone who works here that is." The worker piped up with the best response he could come up with. "But no other has your name on it Jason." Peter was doing his best to boost the kid's confidence to get him to play along in their game while resisting the temptation to ask him to find a 'sky hook' or 'left handed screwdriver'. It didn't look like it was working. The lad looked completely lost as he followed the pair around the store. Jasper grabbed a yellow construction hard hat off the shelf along with a threaded bar. He noticed the boy was falling a little behind them with each isle they went on. "Jason stay up with us. We can't do this without you man." "This hat should hold the wind chimes nicely. We'll tell Mark this will get the snipe to bust out of their covey so he can capture them." Jasper threw the items in the cart and they went on to the next thing to purchase. Jason very softly spoke up. "Are you guys pranking your friend? This stuff seems like really strange things to buy." Peter chuckled as he tossed a roll of bubble wrap, a case of duct tape and a set of pretty butterfly wind chimes in the cart. "Of course we are kid. It's all in good fun. Now step up your damn game while being the stellar employee of the year and help us out." The worker thought for a bit before he decided to go with the flow. "Well, my uncle used to pull a joke with a turkey call that was a copper pipe filled with flour." "That's perfect, what do we do?" Jasper gave the thumbs up to the kid's idea. "You have to bend it around so the end points back to them. When they blow it, the flour will go all over their face." Peter took a quarter inch piece of pipe and started bending it. Jason inspected the pipe then offered another tip. "That's good. Now flare it so the end will expand." Peter took a saw and made cuts. With a hammer he smashed it open until it had an open flower petal type end on it. "There, that will be a good snipe call." He was still chuckling as he told Jasper what to grab next. "Go get some flour to put in it. We will tell Mark it's a homemade snipe pipe. Don't forget to grab the butterfly nets too." "Alright this should be good enough." The vampires made their way to the checkout. They thanked Jason for everything he had done. He told them to come back again and he would be happy to wait on them for their next project, they made a new friend. They loaded up their purchases in the jeep. No one made a sound other than a few chuckles to themselves as Emmett drove to the field where they play baseball. Mark being new to the group still didn't have any idea what they had in store for him. He knew something wasn't up to par but he had a trust in his new family. When Emmett pulled over the jeep, Peter got the hat out first. He pushed the threaded bar down into the top of it. He then completed it by shoving the sparkly butterfly wind chimes down into the bar. Since he didn't want to do it, he handed the hat to Jasper. "You have to tell Mark." "Why me?" Jasper didn't want to do it either. So he passed it off to the one who could pull any prank off, Emmett. "Try this on Mark to make sure it fits." Emmett never acted as though anything was unusual about wearing a sparkly whirling wind chime hat when he said it. "Why do I have to wear this?" Mark was a little taken back by what Emmett wanted him to wear. "The song the chimes make is the flight of the snipe. Come on man, don't you know this shit? Pffst.. you call yourself a hunter." Emmett had a way about him of passing off anything as being normal. Since he, himself, was never normal it wasn't a difficult thing for him to do. With a puffed out chest Mark responded. "Of course I knew that. Give me the damn thing." He had always prided himself as a hunter even before he was turned. But any type of bird hunting was never one of his passions so he knew very little about that field. He was however very open minded for a vampire and so did as he was asked to do. Emmett prepared the second act of this hunt when he turned on the lights on the roll bar of the jeep. He patted the top of the hood for Mark to climb aboard. "Just remember when we get you up to speed, make the chimes sing. Then you can swoop in and capture them." Any question Mark had as to why he needed to do something or anything at all were dealt with easily. They gave a ration answer of why it was necessary. Vampires had perfect night vision and no lights were needed. Their explanation to it was simple; light attracted the snipe to it. When in reality they had to have light to video tape the escapade. Although the new moon was putting off enough light even a human could see from it a little in the dark. After Jasper and Peter wrapped Mark's whole