Inspired by the Garth Brooks song "She's Tired of Boys". New Moon has never happened, neither did the nomads in Twilight. Takes place four years after Bella and Edward first meet. All writing in italics is from the song. I own nothing, not the song, not Bella and sadly not Garrett. Enjoy. Tired of boys. It was Christmas eve. The day before the annual Cullen family hunt and Christmas party. Over the last few years it had been a quiet affair but this year was going to be huge. They were having an enormous Christmas party tomorrow night. The reasons for the party were simple. They had been here for four years and were moving on. Alice felt that a huge send-off was not only expected but completely necessary. Bella felt it was a stupid thing to do because it was something that the people luckily invited would remember for a long time. And there were a hell of a lot of people invited. There was the hospital staff that Carlisle worked with along with their families; the pupils and families from the local High School that Alice and Edward attended. There were going to be a hundred guests at least. It was going to be a logistical and spatial nightmare. Bella sighed as she looked up from the gift she was wrapping to the dress that was hanging on the back of the door. Alice had picked it out for her to wear knowing her strong aversion to shopping. It was beautiful. Dark, forest green silk that fell to the floor in soft folds, with a thigh high split and low cut neck line. Now Bella was twenty two she had the cleavage and figure to carry it off perfectly as well as a confidence to enjoy wearing it. Edward did not approve, it was immodest and too revealing. And it wasn't blue. He liked her in blue, Bella realised she wore very little blue these days, preferring greens, purples and black as she always had. Alice bought her the things she knew Bella would like, not caring what Edward thought. To be frank there was very little Edward approved of these days and if she was honest, Bella didn't care at all. Four years on from when she first realised that he was a vampire and she had grown up. Edward still refused to turn her. She had moved away with the Cullen's at 18, after graduating High School to be with him, ostensibly to go to university but all the while hoping he would change her and they could be together forever. Over the years she had lost contact with all her old friends and barely spoke to her family to make it easier to be with the Cullen's. Bella never expected to still be mortal let alone twenty two years old. She had finished her degree earlier in the year. She had been ready for immortality for a while now but Edward still held firm and flatly refused to discuss it. Alice had completely lost patience with him as had Jasper, Rosalie and Emmett. Even Carlisle and Esme were unhappy with him. Bella wanted to be a vampire and they all wanted that for her but Edward stubbornly refused. Carlisle, Rose and Jasper had all volunteered to change her, much to Edward's annoyance. But for some reason Alice told them not to turn her, not yet, that something was coming and things would change. She told Bella the same. "Don't worry about my idiot brother, you are too good for him anyway. Your time will come I promise, just be patient a little longer. It's worth the wait, trust me." Alice had softly promised with that sly smirk and glint in her eye. And Bella did, completely, without reservation or reason, unable to explain why she was prepared to trust her so willingly. Occasionally Bella wondered if Jasper was not aiding this complete trust with his empathic skills. She was sure Jasper knew what was coming but he never let on, he just smiled whenever they were together and helped keep her calm while Edward ranted about his latest dis-satisfaction. Edward's problem was he was still 17 and could not really grasp Bella's more mature outlook and attitude. She had grown into a beautiful woman with rich, long dark hair, soulful dark eyes and a figure that rivalled Rosalie's. She was a young man's dream full of college and pride. At University she had had many admirers, most kept away by her 'brothers'. But it had given her confidence to hold her head high and finally realise that Edward was not the perfect being she had once believed him to be. He was a boy and she's tired of boys. Because she had classes with Jasper, they spent a lot of time together and had become good friends. She talked to him about her frustrations with Edward, his refusals not only to turn her but to touch her in any way other than hand holding and chaste kisses. He still insisted it was too dangerous for them to have sex with her still human. It was a Catch-22 that drove Bella mad. Jasper understood she was a hot blooded female whose body yearned for a lover. He would smile and tell her to be patient a while longer. That Alice was sure it was worth it. The problem was Bella was no longer sure she wanted Edward, she often spoke to Rosalie and Alice about what she wanted from a man and realised that she would never get that with Edward as he would never be a man. " I'm tired of big talk and I'm tired of the noise." She often said. And Edward was really all noise. She wanted a love to rival her 'sisters', with all the passion and heat that entailed. Even Carlisle and Esme, who were naturally less demonstrative than the others, showed more passion and fire than Edward and herself. Bella was slightly afraid that she would lose the family she had come to love so deeply though and that was the main reason she didn't break things off with Edward completely. Or was it she still hoped he would change? Perhaps. She did still love him in a way. Bella sighed again as she looked round her room. 'Her' room mind you not 'their' room. Edward had insisted she had her own room, to give her privacy he said. To avoid temptation Emmett insisted. He found Edward's old fashioned morals hilarious. While Bella respected them she had to say she found them very trying at times. She had long ago given up trying to tempt him, she did however walk around her rooms naked. If he didn't like it, tough, it kept him away. She slept naked as well for the same reason. Again Emmett found this too hilarious, Bella using nakedness to get space, most men would be in there like a shot. Edward ranted that it was indecent, what if someone else saw her. "So what if they do Edward, unlike you, they may actually like the view." Bella had answered tartly causing convulsions of mirth in Jasper, Emmett and Rosalie. Even Carlisle and Esme had had difficulty keeping straight faces. "We all knock on the door Edward before entering so it's unlikely. You might like to try that sometime." Alice snapped back at him. Edward never knocked, she was his girlfriend, he didn't need to. Emmett however did volunteer to 'take one for the team' and have a good look to see if they would enjoy the view. This little statement caused him to get screeched at indignantly from Edward and slapped soundly upside the head by Rosalie before she added that "I have seen her naked and trust me boys you would definitely enjoy the view." The last four years had brought about the greatest change in her relationship with Rosalie. At first Rosalie had been distant and resentful of Bella's decision to join them and her desire for immortality. But as the years had passed they had moved forward. She was her friend and confidant as much as any of the others. Rosalie was angry with Edward for what she felt was his cruel and selfish behaviour towards Bella, she felt that Bella was too good for him. In fact it seemed that Edward was the only one who didn't realise his relationship with Bella was all but over. Both Carlisle and Esme had quietly assured her that she would always be their daughter not matter whether she stayed with Edward or not. So why was she still with him? So why… She really didn't know. Putting the last of the gifts away in her wardrobe she heard a knock at her door. "Come in." Alice bounced into the room with even more excitement than usual. Her arms laden with more gifts. "We have a visitor coming for the party. I know you don't know him so I got you some things to give him." "He's a vampire then?" Bella enquired. "Yes a human drinker, although I see him feeding from animals while here. Don't worry Garrett is great. You'll love him." With that the pixie flounced out of the room, a sly knowing smile gracing her countenance, leaving a confused Bella in her wake. Not that that was anything new. "Oh yes, I almost forgot" Alice said, popping her head back round the door. "His favourite colour is dark green" she added with a waggle of her eyebrows and a devious grin. "Come on, your dinners ready." She called as she skipped down the hall. Bella was just washing her plates when she heard the front door bell sound. A few moments later Edward joined her in the kitchen with a stony expression. 'Obviously doesn't like our guest' she thought cheerily. Bella found she took quite a lot of perverse delight in seeing Edward discomforted, she also took great delight in the fact he would never know this. "Garrett has arrived love, I want you to stay away from him, he is dangerous." "Aren't you all?" she replied sarcastically rolling her eyes. "Indeed we are my dear." Came the rich, deep voice from the doorway. Turning she saw Carlisle and another man coming into the room followed by a bouncing Alice, grinning Jasper and the rest of the family. The man was tall and lean but not skinny. He looked strong and dangerous and that wasn't just the red eyes. He made Bella think of a coiled cobra. Ready to strike at a moment's notice. He had dark, messy hair and stubble. He was the first vampire she had ever seen with facial hair. He looked mature, about thirty or so when turned and had a raw sex appeal that she was immediately drawn to. "Bella dear, may I introduce my good friend Garrett." Carlisle said smiling then turning to the man at his side he said. "Garrett, this is my newest daughter Isabella." Bella noticed he didn't introduce her as Edwards girlfriend. And judging by the way said vampire now put his arm around her shoulder he noticed that as well. "Charmed, I'm sure." Garrett said while kissing the back of her hand and boldly looking into her eyes. His own were mesmerising and she felt herself being pulled in to them. "Good to see you again Garrett" Edward said with forced civility, almost yanking Bella out of Garrett's grasp and thrusting his own hand forward for the obligatory testosterone-fuelled hand shake standoff he did whenever a man showed interest in her. Frustrated with Edwards attempts to show other men she belonged to him, Bella yanked herself free with a glare at him and turned to continue washing up. "You too Eddie." Garrett smirked, knowing exactly what Edward was trying to do and being totally unimpressed. He didn't need to posture and piss on legs. He had absolutely no respect for the