So there I was pulling up to tiny new school I'd been relocated to, half way across the freaking world! Not that I'm bitter. At least I had all the comforts of home with me, like my beautiful bike, a Kawasaki ZX 6R. Now I know when I say I ride a bike it makes me sound like a fat bolding man, but trust me, my baby is beautiful! She's sleek, smooth, purrs like a tiger and is bloody fast. Faster than a 107 year old virgin. Now as for why I'm here, pulling up into a tiny school in Washington DC, why I'm in a country whose weather is as bad as back in England, is because of my lousy good for nothing run away father. Turns out he has another kid. Oh, and what perfect luck! Mum needs to go traveling with work and brother dearest and his fiancé very kindly, it actually was pretty sweet, opened up there home for me and thus, the fun of moving to the tiny town La Push. 'A fun, small and friendly place! The perfect change from Bristol.' Or at least that's how my mother tried to sell it to me. In the end I didn't really have a choice, she was selling the house and leaving so it was either move or squat, and I didn't fancy that. I only arrived yesterday at the very end of the summer. I wanted to spend as much time in England as possible and didn't want to miss the first day, its bad enough being new. To be honest being moved had made me angry, really angry, to the point that I shook with rage. Not that I lack self-control… Anyway back on track with my internal monologue, I hate it. The place is beautiful, Sam and Emily are wonderful and it not finding things to hate makes me cross. Stupid right? Ah well here I am. As I pulled off my helmet I properly looked around at the people, they all looked the same! Well not the same you know some where taller some were shorter, some fat, some slim, but as far as I could see they all, and I mean ALL had brown hair and tanned skin, and I was fucked if my plan wasn't to standout. I mean, I was blonde and pale, and apparently bikes weren't all that common either. I sighed, ignored the staring by many people and followed the signs to reception. The women behind the desk seemed nice enough, Mrs Call I believe. She smiled gave me a map and wished me luck, all the normal stuff. I looked at my timetable, homeroom? What the holy fuck was home room? Think, back home... It'd be, umm, TUTORIAL! Of course, I need to get registered. Now just the matter of finding 'home room'. And of course, I'm always late; I think it's a gene, maybe a mutation somewhere because no matter how hard I try I'm always, always late. I walked into my new class and gave my new teacher Mr Edwards, a bored looking man in his late thirties, a slip of paper that I had to get all my teachers to sign. He didn't look up when he gave it back to me. What a pleasant fellow, and I was left to find my own seat. The one in the corner at the back would do nicely. I put on my headphones and drowned the world out. I didn't hear the buzzer over Muse, but took it as my queue to leave when everyone else stood up. Looked at my timetable, French on a Monday morning? Ouch. Next thing was to find my map so I could get there. Luckily it was next door. I walked in first, looking like such an eager beaver but the French teacher was nice, asking me about England, if I studied French before, what I studied at home, until the whole class had begun to fill and there was only seat left, at the front. Perfect. Stupid chatter box lady, although looking at the guy that I would be sat next to, it wouldn't be too bad because man he was pretty. "Jacob Black" He smiled kindly at me. So buff, so big, so pretty! Get it together Jinx come on! "Jasmine Uley" I replied smiling. I may not like my ass hole of a dad but I do have to have his name. "Sam's little sister?" He inquired looking surprised. "The one and only" and then added supposedly under my breath, who knew how many more off spring that man had created, he needed neutering. "Not a massive fan of your old man then?" "Can you blame me? Lives here, fucks Sam's life over, goes to England, creates me then fucks off somewhere else" "So I was right when I thought strong views?" "My opinions can be a little dominating" I whispered or I could be if you like? Wow. Slow the brain down Jinx. You can't just go round sounding like a slut. I looked at Jacob who was blushing slightly, awh, how cute! Then he had to go spoil it by licking his lips I wish he was licking me my naughty and out of control libido piped up. I was brought back to earth by the teacher reprimanding Jacob for day dreaming. "Je déteste françaises" I moaned. "Well at least you're speaking the right language Miss Uley!" Mrs Baldwin snapped at me. Jacob sniggered so I kicked him under the desk we shared. The buzzer finally went after 50 grueling minutes and I skipped off metaphorically speaking down the hall way to drama. The only thing I was really any good at besides music. "Wait!" I spun to see Jacob behind me. "Come sit with me at lunch?" I was happy at his gesture. It would be nice not to be alone, so feeling happy I agreed and carried on to Drama, surprised I made it out of French happy, but then there's a first time for everything and if I could make it out of Drama with another beautiful boy to think naughty thoughts about I was going to be a very happy bunny! Drama was a breeze, it was a whole lesson where all we did was play games. The down side was introductions. Everyone was sat in a circle on the floor when I entered, as I mentioned I have a late gene. "AH! Here you are, excellent. I was beginning to worry you had gotten yourself lost!" I turned around to see a women, rather short and a bit plump with a sweet smile and grey streaks through her hair beaming at me and patting the space next to her on the floor. "Now that everyone is here I believe introductions are in order!" Another kind smile "My name is Mrs Sul, I have lived in Lapush all my life, my favourite colour is lavender and my hobbies are gardening and reading" She made a motion for the girl on her other side to go. "My name is Rosie, umm, always lived here, my favourite colour is red and I like partying" She finished with a wink and a laugh. "My name is Kim, I've also never lived anywhere else! My favourite colour is brown and my hobbies are cooking and singing" She was a very happy and sweet looking. "I'm Jackson, I lived with the Makah tribe till I was 5, Blue, running and surfing." "I'm Ben, I have always lived here, I like the colour green and again surfing" To say I was surprised that there were two guys was an understatement, back home only one guy did drama. "Hi, I'm Jodie I grew up in Lapush, my all-time favourite colour has to be yellow and I like drawing" This left me, the class was small as it wasn't a popular subject. "I'm Jasmine, Jazz to most people until yesterday I lived in England, my favourite colour is grey and I like motorbikes and music" Everyone was just looking at me, as though they had really just noticed who I was. "Excellent! So were going to be covering an ancient Greek play called Antigone, it was rewritten by a French play write called John Anouilh and it all started from the Oedipus legend" She smiled kindly at the confused looking class. "Let's start from the beginning shall we? Who can tell me anything about Oedipus?" And just like that we were off messing around laughing doing whole class theatre, everyone seemed lovely. Lively fun, and everyone seemed to take drama seriously and not just as a piss around subject. I was surrounded by like minded people and it was nice, my home sickness was about to go down. "The Greeks sure like there insect" Kim said as she directed me towards the cafeteria for lunch. "I know! And the whole parent murdering thing could have stopped if people were just honest! That way everyone would be alive and still have eyes." "Don't blood makes me squirm" Kim shuddered. "Then avoid Shakespeare's 'King Lear', eyes removed on stage" We queued up to buy lunch and whilst I was chatting away happily about the pros and cons of gruesome theatre when "Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk past again?" I looked up to a massive 6'6 hulking bulk of a guy towering over me and who appeared to be talking directly to me. "Yes" I smiled sweetly "but this time don't stop" I gave him a pointed look turned around to face Kim again. "Paul go away" She sighed, "She's Sam's sister, and he'll have your head." "No way! You're Jasmine?" He looked me up and down again "but you look nothing like Sam!" "Imagine if you will that by having different mothers we have some different genes" I replied sarcastically. He didn't seem to like my response, he just got angry so angry he started shaking and growling and another boy rushed over and dragged him outside. "Paul has a bit of a temper" Kim sighed "But Jared is always there to put him in line!" "Who's Jared?" "Oh um" She started turning pink "He's my boyfriend and Paul's best friend." "Ah, so does that mean you have to put up with that jack ass on a regular basis?" "He's not so bad when you get to know him!" She defended. "I know his type" and she just laughed. "Anyway I doubt they'll be back for a while, want to come sit with the gang?" I felt a bit sheepish because I had already promised to sit with Jake, but that was in fact the table she was gesturing to, smiled and agreed. When we reached the table Jacob gestured for me sit next to him and I gladly took the seat. "See you met Kim" He smiled, "this is everyone else" He stopped to gesture round the table, "Let's see, today we have Seth and Quil, there's no Embry he… wasn't very well and you have already met Paul and Jared" Everyone started laughing, again I just gave a sheepish smile. "So" Quil began. "So?" was my intelligent response. "OK I have to ask because Sam gets really stroppy every time it's mentioned, but did you really not know he existed until you were told you were moving here?" "No." I said rather bitterly "I didn't know who I was moving half way across the world to live with. To be honest I still don't I've only been there a night." "Ouch" Quil finished. "Nah, it's not too bad, they seem lovely" "Oh they are! And Emily is an amazing cook!" Seth added in very happily. "How do you all know them so well?" I inquired surprised~ "We're old family friends, goes back a few generations" Jacob supplied. "We hang there a lot, you'll get to see me alllll theee time" "Well