The Prequel To A Love Story: Anna's Games PART ONE: THE REAPED hey guys, I'm back in my OTF (one true fandom) to work on this project and to continue THE LOST TRIBUTE. Since I last left you hanging on TLT, I've gotten better, I've fallen in love, and I am truly happy with my writing abilities. please review, as always they are my inspiration. My name is Novanna Switch. I am eighteen years old and I come from District 8. Today, eight months off from my nineteenth birthday, I was Reaped for the Seventy Third Annual Hunger Games. My mentor is an old woman, and my fellow Tribute has already shaken his head at an alliance offer. "Don't want to weigh you down." He had said. He's my age, but he walks with a limp - his left leg barely works. He can't run. "That's ridiculous," I had protested, though not viciously. "No it's not, Novanna. You know that." He'd asked me to kill him before anyone else did. I told him I couldn't. We're arriving at the Capitol soon, I know this much. My fellow tributes look to be vicious competition. I'm not expecting to live long. I sigh. Dress in simple clothes - a knee length dress and small heels - tie back my long ginger hair. Frown at myself. Reach for my district token - a small locket. We're driven straight to the remake centre. Our mentor, Alice, goes hobbling off, leaving me to help Alex - my fellow tribute - limp over to his team. "You're not meant to be here!" Clucks one of Alex's prep team. "I know," I say. "She was helping me," Alex explains as I walk off to my own prep station. As I'm headed there, I see the two tributes from District 12 walk past, tiny skeletal kids who've never seen enough food in their lives. "Seam" kids, I think they're called. Then I clap eyes on their mentor and my heart almost stops. He's older, naturally. Blonde, but he has those grey "seam" eyes, and despite being older and obviously intoxicated, he's handsome. He sees me staring and makes a beeline for me. Shit. "Didn'ja know i's rude to stare?" He slurs at me. Those poor Seam kids don't stand a chance with this guy as their mentor. "Sorry," I say, but I can't lower my gaze. I know who he is. Of course. "Wha's'at?" He slurs back. "Sorry, Victor Abernathy." I say quickly. This snaps him out of it. "What? God no, don't call me that." He says sharply. "What?" I say stupidly. "Don't call me that. It's Haymitch. Just Haymitch." He says. "Oh." I blink rapidly because those DAMN eyes are fixed on me. "Who are you? You new?" He asks, looking me up and down. Shit, he doesn't know I'm a tribute. "I guess you could say that," I say wryly. "You're too beautiful for a place like this," he says. I blush scarlet. "Thank you." I say quietly. My eyes are fixed on his, there's a definitive "buzz" going on. Just then, Alice comes hobbling back over - she's surprisingly fast for a woman in her sixties. "For goodness sake, Haymitch! Must you interfere with my Tribute? Don't fill her ears with nonsense about your pair - that's illegal!" Alice chirps in vague annoyance. "It's fine, Alice," I say, "it was my bad." Haymitch looks from me to Alice and genuine regret fills his face. "You're a tribute?" He says. "Yeah." I say, "District 8." Alice rolls her eyes. "Come along, dear. They're waiting for you." Haymitch reaches out and catches my hand before Alice can frogmarch me away. This earns him a scandalised look from Alice. "Wait. What's your name?" He asks, "please." I think the please is more to Alice than me. "Novanna," I say, "Novanna Switch." He barely has time to kiss my hand before Alice drags me away to my team. XxxxxxxxX As my team - Coral, Jade, and Taura - work on me, I try to look happy. Despite being prettied up for slaughter, I'm happy to let these Capitol fools work on me. Make me look beautiful. Maybe He will see. Alice must have told my prep team what happened, because they're extra nice to me, and twitter away about how I might win. They're right, I might. I have a few tricks up my sleeve. "You're going to look beautiful," Taura assures me, her blue eyes twinkling as she brushes my hair for me. "Yay," I manage sarcastically, my thoughts full of Haymitch and wondering whether love at first sight is even possible. "Blue on her eyes, Jade," Coral says in her soft Capitol accent. I detest blue except in the lightest of shades. Luckily that's what my team has picked for me. "Why blue?" I ask. Blue isn't normally a color associated with District 8. Taura leans down to whisper in my ear. "Victor Abernathy is fond of the color blue." I flush bright pink. "Won't Alice be angry?" I ask. Taura tips me a wink. Despite these three girls being Capitol airheads, they're genuinely nice people. I don't think they'll enjoy watching me die. "What do I do?" I ask as Jade carefully dusts my eyes with a light blue powder. "Whatever your heart desires," says Coral, "you have to take chances... Whilst you can." Then she claps her hands over her mouth and gets all apologetic. I shrug and wave it off. She's right. "Isn't it illegal?" I ask. "You're not from District 12... I mean.. It's not... Conventional. But.. It's legal." Jade says. Then my stylist, Eridan, comes in to see me and I have to stop focusing on Haymitch and more on the days to come. XxxxxxxxxxX That very evening, Eridan adds the final touch to my outfit - I'm wearing a dress subtly made out of rich, shimmery fabric. It's the color of the sky here, blue again. "I had three dresses made," Eridan confesses as he hands me my shoes. "Why this one?" I ask. "The prep team chose." Eridan shrugs. He's a tall, skinny guy with mint green hair and a silver hoop in one ear. He wears ripped "jeans" and a bright blue shirt. I sigh heavily. They're playing on the scene earlier. Good. Let me be forgettable to some, but so beautiful to others they'll never forget me. We step out of the suite. "I'll get another elevator," says Eridan, crossing the hallway to get an elevator which has just arrived from the ground floor. I step into my own elevator which has come from the floor above. It's empty except for Haymitch, who doesn't look directly at me. I don't speak until the doors are firmly closed. "Where's your tributes?" I ask. "Already down there. I came back to look for you." Haymitch says, still not facing me. "Me? Why?" I ask, confused. "To apologise," says Haymitch, "I hope you didn't get into too much trouble." I shake my head. "Nah, Alice is just a hard taskmaster to please." I say. He turns to face me and I hear the slight intake of breath as he takes in my long gown with the short front, my hair pulled back with diamond "sewing pins". My face, illuminated by light makeup and blue highlights. "My god," I hear him mumble. I flush bright pink again and take a step towards him in the closed space. "Turn for me, sweetheart," he says, and I do, twirling in a full circle for him. I get dizzy but he catches me, pushes a stray curl of my hair back into place, swears under his breath when it doesn't go back. "You are so beautiful," he murmurs, and then his lips are on mine, his hands on my waist. One of my hands rests on his chest, glad for the firmness and solidity of him, whilst my other hand goes for his longish blonde hair. His tongue flickers at my lips and I let him in, kissing him hungrily. We break apart for air and I stare at him. "W-why?" I stammer. "I can't explain it, Anna," he says softly, and I know he's thinking back to the energy field between us when I first saw him earlier. "Then don't," I whisper, " let's play pretend that magic exists." Before he can answer I cover his lips with mine again, beyond caring if this is pity or not. "Do you pity me?" I whisper, because I know that his answer will, deep down, affect me. "Not in the slightest, sweetheart," he whispers back, pressing one final kiss to my lips as the elevator DINGS to announce our arrival. "Should I-?" I ask, gesturing I should go first. "No. Screw it." Haymitch says, and he takes my hand. "W-what are y-?" "Trust me." He interrupts. And I do. He leads me out of the elevator, hand clasped in mine. At first, nobody notices us, but then one by one, they do. Gasps, whispers, and then applause. "Good luck, sweetheart," Haymitch says, then he kisses me soundly in front of everyone. Alice comes over to take me to my team, and I prepare for a lecture. "I hope you win, for his sake," is all she says, but even so, her grip on my arm is a tad too tight. I clamber up onto the District 8 chariot, where Alex is waiting, leaning on a walking cane. "Hey there," I say, "how's things?" Alex snorts. "Swell," he says, "though I think you've caused more of a bang than I have." "Naturally," I say dryly and we both snigger. Too soon, we're moving out into the city. The people don't adore us, but they seem interested enough. Hopefully I'll get sponsors. XxxxxxX My individual assessment with the Gamemakers has finally come around. Time to show them everything. I walk into the gymnasium and select an array of knives and throwing stars. Each target I aim for, I hit. Perfectly. XxxxxxxX I score a ten in my individual assessment with the Gamemakers. Tonight is my interview with Caesar Flickerman. Hating the entire Capitol, I go up to the roof of the training centre to meet Haymitch. "I hate this place," I tell him, "I wish I could just go home." Haymitch grimaces, holds me, and plays with my hair. "I'd never have found you, sweetheart. Now you have to win for me." He says. "What if I don't get sponsors?" I ask worriedly. Haymitch chuckles. "Sweetheart, you're the most beautiful girl in the Games, and you scored a Ten. Trust me, you have sponsors." "What if I can't win?" I say. Haymitch's expression darkens, and he seems incapable of answering. We've known each other for barely three weeks, but we know each other so well. "You have to, sweetheart," he says, "or I may well die." That statement resonates as deeply romantic with me, and I respond to it by kissing him with more passion than I've ever kissed him. "Will you do something for me?" I whisper, taking his hand. "Of course, sweetheart," he smells of liquor and a musky sort of scent I haven't deciphered yet. "Will you make love to me, Haymitch?" My voice is shaky, but I don't stammer, not once. His expression becomes conflicted. "Are you sure, sweetheart?" He asks, "that's a... Big step." My heart sinks. He doesn't want me. "Y-y-you d-don't w-want me?" My stupid stammer comes back full force. His expression softens. "Of course I do, sweetheart. It's just... I don't want you to come back and break my heart." He says gruffly. "If I die in there," I say, "I die loving you. And if I come back out, I will return loving you." "So why rush?" He says. "Because if I die, I want to die knowing I was loved - fully loved - by you." I say. He grabs my hands, stands, and pulls me with