Thanks to fudgemonkey878 for being my beta The sea was calling him. His heart yearned for him to set sail and join his brothers and sisters that had already set sail. The elves were a dying race, which was why so many had left. They all knew in their hearts that the elves rule was over; it was time for men to rule Middle-Earth. And yet, Legolas did not want to set sail and leave. Even though he could feel the wind blowing, hear it whistling and hear the singing gulls. Smell the salt and brine, see his family standing on the shore waving and beckoning him to come thither to them. Despite all this he resisted the urge to leave for the Undying Lands and stayed in Middle-Earth. He did this al for the sake of his friends. For Aragorn, Gimli, Merry, Pippin, Sam, Eowyn, Faramir, Arwen; he stayed for them. If any of them were to leave and depart from this life, he would despair. He would not force that upon his friends if he had the choice not to. They would all depart before him, and only then would he embrace the sea's call. Only then. ~xXx~ "What is your final count elf?" Gimli's gruff voice sounded. Legolas smirked proudly. "I myself slew fifty-three orcs." "Blast you elf!" Gimli roared angrily shaking his fist at Legolas. "What was your final count Gimli?" Legolas ventured to ask. "Forty-three." was the terse reply given. "It should have been fifty seven though!" "Why would that be Gimli?" Mirth was clear in his eyes as he looked at Gimli's fuming face. "You know darn well why elf!" The dwarf grumbled angrily, swinging his axe into the dead body of an orc. Blood flew splattering Legolas' tunic making him wrinkle his nose in disgust; he hated orcs blood. "You stole nine of my kills!" "And how did I do that Gimli?" Legolas asked in an innocent voice, the smirk on his face saying that he already knew how though. "You shot arrows at orcs that I was about to kill!" Gimli held up nine stubby fingers. "You shot nine of them elf! Nine!" "You two never stop arguing do you?" Eomer casually observed as he wiped his sword clean of blood. "No they don't Eomer." Aragorn said with humour in his voice. "Some would wonder if they are even friends with the amount of time they send arguing." "Friends?" Gimli spluttered. "I am not friends with this pointy eared bastard of an elf." "I'll have you know dwarf that my mother gave birth to me when she and my father were wed." Legolas responded coldly. "You've done it now Gimli." Aragorn muttered. "You know how proud Legolas is of his heritage. Gimli opened his mouth to make another remark, but Eomer hastily said, "Peace Gimli, Legolas, let us go back to Edoras where we shall have a merry feast in celebration of our victory here." They rode off towards Edoras in silence, neither Gimli nor Legolas speaking. Gimli was fidgeting and Legolas waited, knowing that he was having an inner battle with himself on whether or not to apologize to him. This manner continued with Gimli fidgeting and Legolas waiting patiently for a few minutes before Gimli burst out, "That last comment of mine was uncalled for. I apologize Legolas." Legolas nodded before responding, "I accept your apology Gimli." He paused for a second before continuing. "Those orcs were yours. You were about to deal the killing blow before I interfered. I apologize." "That's right elf." Gimli mumbled. "They were mine before you went and shot them. He looked at Legolas. "I accept your apology." Aragorn looked at the two with raised eyebrows. In the fifteen years that Legolas and Gimli had been friends he had not once ever heard the two apologize to each other. He couldn't help but think of how much the two of them had changed in fifteen years. ~xXx~ It had been twenty-five years since they had first set out to destroy the One Ring. Aragorn was now over one hundred years old and yet he still appeared as if he were only in his thirties. "You're going to have a long reign as king Aragorn." Legolas commented at the celebration of Aragorn's one hundred and twelfth anniversary of his date of birth. "You never know Legolas." Aragorn remarked over his pint. "I could very well die next year at the hands of a rare disease, or next month from a battle, I could very well die tonight from someone assassinating me as I sleep." "Such morbid thoughts to be thinking of on the anniversary of your date of birth." Aragorn turned around to see his wife Arwen. He smirked at her before giving a bow. "My apologies dear wife." Holding onto his arm Arwen said playfully, "You are forgiven, but only if you give me a kiss." Aragorn planted a light kiss upon his wife's lips. Anyone who looked at Aragorn and Arwen could see that the two of them were in love. When Arwen and Aragorn were first married there had been talk that Arwen was only using him since he was the King of Gondor that she was only pretending to love him because he held power. All claims and worries like that were laid to rest when they watched the two of them interact. Legolas could not help but feel jealousy at this. All of his friends had found suitable wives. Aragorn married Arwen at the first chance he got. Faramir had married Eowyn. Sam had married a hobbit by the name of Rosie. Merry and Pippin had also found hobbits to marry. Even Gimli had found himself a dawrven woman to marry. Aragorn saw Legolas' longing look as he looked upon him and Arwen. "You need to find yourself a wife Legolas." He said bluntly. Legolas was shocked, his mouth gaping open like a fish. Never had he heard Aragorn speak so bluntly about the subject of him not having a wife. That was always Gimli telling him bluntly time and time again to find himself a wife and have plenty of elven or half elven children. "I have no desire for a wife at this moment in time." Legolas responded quietly. "Legolas." Aragorn said softly. "We can all see how you wish to have a wife of your own." Legolas opened his mouth to protest but Aragorn held up a hand and continued speaking. "Do not try to deny it Legolas. We all see your looks of longing when we are with our wives or children. Why do you not settle down with a wife of your own?" "Now if not the time to talk about me mellon ." Legolas said evading the question. "Today is the anniversary of your birth; we should not talk about me." Aragorn opened his mouth to protest but Arwen squeezed his arm and shook her head. Reluctantly Aragorn let the subject drop and Legolas gave Arwen a grateful look which she returned with a nod. Legolas did not want to burden his friend by telling him how there were less than one hundred elves left on Middle-Earth and almost none of them were women who were not wed already. The women had been the first to leave on the boats to The Undying Lands, only the men and their wives remained to fight battles. If that were not enough Legolas had no desire to marry a human, or woman of any other race, knowing that, should they have children, he would outlast both his wife and his children and see them die, or leave them to depart for The Undying Lands when his friends departed from this life. He did not want to burden Aragorn with the troubles of his elven life. ~xXx~ "It is not often that an elf visits the Shire." A hobbit said to Legolas as he came in on his horse. "What brings you to the Shire Master elf?" Master elf. Legolas mused to himself. He had not been called that in quite some time. "I am here to visit some dear friends of mine." "Friends?" The hobbits bushy eyebrows rose towards the sky. "I did not know we had any elves here in the Shire," Legolas let out a laugh before he said with a smile, "No my friends are hobbits. Meriadoc Brandybuckk, Peregrin Took, and Samwise Gamgee." And Frodo Baggins. He thought sadly to himself. Frodo, he would see him when he answered the sea's call, but that would not be for some time as his mortal friends were still alive, not to mention Gimli who has the life span of a dwarf and Aragorn being blessed with long life. No, he would not be seeing Frodo for quite some time now. "Merry, Pippin, and Sam?" The hobbit man said in disbelief. "Oh my." he muttered when he saw Legolas nod his head. "They weren't lying when they said they were friends with an elf." "No they weren't." Legolas said kindly. "Would you be able to point me in the direction of their houses?" The hobbit pointed dumbly towards the east and Legolas urged his horse in that direction. He could feel the hobbit's stares on his back and he sat up straighter. He was Legolas son of Thranduil, now King of the Mirkwood elves, one of the last elves left in Middle-Earth. He sat proudly as he searched for Merry, Pippin, and Sam. He found Sam tending to a garden outside what he presumed was his house. He smiled as Sam looked up and said in disbelief, "It can't be, Legolas?" Legolas dismounted off of his horse and embraces Sam. Yes Sam, it's me." "Wow." Sam said in an awed voice. "You haven't aged a day since I last saw you Mr. Legolas." Legolas couldn't help but smile hearing Sam say that. Thirty-two years and Sam still seemed to have the habit of addressing people as Mr. or Mrs. He fondly recalled Sam calling out to Frodo saying Mr. Frodo He smiled as he thought of that. "I wish I could say the same for you Sam, it seems that time has claimed you." How true it was. While thirty-two years ago Sam's hair had been brown as the tilled earth, it was not streaked with white and gray and his face had aged showing wrinkles here and there. "Not all of us have the gift of immortality Mr. Legolas." Sam chuckled running a hand through his greying hair. Legolas laughed along with him, all the while thinking of how immortality was not a gift but a curse. "It's good to see you again Sam." Legolas said quietly. "Where are Merry and Pippin?" Sam's face fell at the mention of their names and Legolas' blood ran cold. "There was," Sam took a deep breath. "There was a disease that swept through the Shire eight years ago." He gave a shudder remembering. "It was horrible Mr. Legolas. People moaning and at least two funerals a week. Merry and Pip...it got them." Tears welled in both of their eyes. "Pip left first, and then Merry a few months later. We, we buried them by the river. They always loved playing and relaxing by the river even when they were small." Legolas' heart broke in two at the news. Merry and Pippin, the two always guaranteed to bring a smile to everyone's faces with their antics. Merry and Pippin, the ones to rouse the Ents and destroy Isengard. They were so young, too young to die. "Fate is cruel." Legolas whispered. "Would you be able to show me their graves Sam?" The word graves stuck in his throat. It should never have been mentioned in a conversation about Merry and Pippin. Sam nodded his head and the two of them set out towards the river. They were simple graves. Wooden crosses with their names written on them. Wild flowers grew around