Disclaimer: Ahh…I want to but unfortunately I DON'T OWN TWILIGHT! A/N: Hey! So I wanted to write something with our favorite Jakeward, so here it is. Before you read the story: 1. It's an AU fiction- it starts before the Newmoon . 2. As an alpha wolf (only in wolf form), Jacob can connect to anyone's mind. 3. Yes, Edward is a mind reader but he can also project his thoughts into other's minds- but there's a price Edward pays for his extraordinary power and you will have to find that out your self. 4. Vampires and shapeshifters in this story are different from that of Meyer's. It's not a purely a romance story, so you may or may not like the ending but still, I have tried my best and I hope you like my story enough to overlook my mistakes and not so ideal ending. AND most importantly I want to thank my sweet beta ShineNRise for helping me. I love you! Summary- Repercussions- sounds heavy right? It's even heavier in practical life. Life is the greatest teacher they say because in real life you can't hide from the consequences of your actions. (SLASH) Enjoy! Chapter 1 Edward's pov "Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart, and the senses" – Lao Tzu I always longed for someone to share my life with but due to my curse - some may call this a gift , I never found someone whom I can live with forever. I was changed by Carlisle, my adoptive parent, and a vampire, in 1918 after my dying mother somehow found about Carlisle's secret and asked to save me from the Spanish Influenza. I am still not fully okay with his reasoning for changing me, but I can't hate Carlisle, he's always supported me and because of him, I have this beautiful family. As fate had decided I was damned to this existence with one more curse, the ability to read minds- yeah, I can read minds and project my thoughts into someone else's mind too. Amazing, right? Not so much as I pay a solid price for it. My ability came in between whenever I tried to be with someone, it was tiring. With all the things years passed and I remained alone and miserable, with every new year it was like my mind was covered with a darkness, it was frightening. I knew that if that darkness persisted on growing on me, I will end up destroying everything in and around me. I tried to run away from it, but in the end, I came back to Carlisle more injured than before. I think Carlisle knew this too, and in a desperate effort to help me he came home with Rose one day, after our first meeting, more accurately our first fight we all knew how wrong and disastrous that plan was. But after that, our family grew with Emmett, Jasper, and Alice, and I am still secretly grateful that Rosalie joined us, but I will never admit it in front of Rose. My vampire family 'the Cullens' with Carlisle the compassionate leader- our father, Esme the binding glue- our mother, Jasper the Empath- protective big brother, Alice the little seer- my partner in crime, Emmett the brute clown, Rosalie the beautiful tantrum queen and lastly me, Edward the annoying mind reader is unique and strong. But somehow, I am always considered the youngest member… the one who is fussed over. While it's irritating as hell, I don't hate it- that doesn't mean I like it. Carlisle works as a doctor and we all play the part of a normal family, by going school and doing other normal things. Since Esme and Carlisle look very young we are their adoptive children. In my coven I am the only one without a mate or partner- I know it's pathetic and while living with three couples, it's really hard to avoid those dark and empty feelings, that's why when Chief Swan's daughter, Bella Swan, who was also my singer as Carlisle had said- her blood called to me , came stumbling into the town of Forks, I was disoriented to the core. Our coven was vegetarian as we liked to call us because we learned to control our thirst for human blood and instead fed from animal blood. With her blood, Bella lured me into her and I became wildly obsessed after I discovered that I couldn't read her mind. I was in love with her mind, and after talking to her, I started liking her human flaws- as Rosalie calls it . It felt like I have finally found 'the one'… as I think about it now it feels silly that I took my obsession for her as love. I know it now. Actually, I think I realized it the second I saw him. With Bella, it was all about overcoming my darkness, but with him, nothing mattered. The moment I saw him I lost all my logic and rationality, it was almost as if I was human again, even the blood pulsing around me didn't matter. Jacob Black was something else, I still remember when a 16-year-old native boy with long and messy raven hair came bustling into our prom and boldly told me that he wants Bella. Moreover, I, Edward Cullen was speechless for the first time in his vampiric existence, after that I behaved like a typical teenager with flushed face and an aggressive cover to hide my inner turmoil, he only laughed and said he just wanted to talk to his 'Bells', after relating us Billy's message cum warning he told Bella to enjoy the evening with a boyish smile. I was uncomfortable and annoyed, Bella told me to 'calm down' but the only thought I was conscious of was 'he called her - his bells '. After that prom incident somehow Bella and I started drifting away, maybe because she started developing an independent character or perhaps because I was no longer in delusion… umm, love with her. We used to fight like crazy and just like that, one day Bella asked me to break-up with her. I was shocked, but truthfully, somewhere I was relieved too. Bella wanted us to remain friends though, and she asked me to act as her boyfriend until the graduation. I wasn't supportive of the idea, but after she talked about our friend's and family's reactions, I too agreed with the plan. I never knew that Bella was gifted with the art of manipulation, but then again, I was always blind when it came to her. It was decided that we will act our parts and find a way to end our rather highlighted relationship in the least destructive way. Jasper was the first one who saw through our farce and with Alice confronted us in a kind but stern way. Jasper was surprisingly understanding and supportive of our decision, Alice was devastated at first, but after a little coaxing and push from Jasper, came around the idea of us separating. She was the one who suggested letting in Rose and Emmett in our decision; I was worried about Rosalie's reaction because she was against our relationship from the start. I was worried that she will make a big argument about this. Yes, I wanted to tell my parents about this, but only after finding the right way, Carlisle suffered very much for my sake, with all my mood swings, rogue vampire danger and family problems he was the one who took in all the heat of my actions directly and indirectly. While I know he will support me in the end, it is just that I want to give him a proper reason for my past stupidity and this decision. When we told Rosalie and Emmett about our decision, again, I was surprised when Rose said 'Well, at least now you are doing the right thing.' Emmett was a little hurt that I thought they will not support me and yet again I wondered about how lucky I was to get such a supportive family. And with gratitude, I was once again full of guilt about my inability to give my family the love and happiness they deserved. With time, my relation with Bella mended up into a healthy and strong friendship. We were close, closer than ever before, I still confine into her to escape the ever present darkness. With our relationship end, Bella became more social and started hanging out with others, including Jacob and other natives, I don't exactly know how or when but with time Jacob became my rivals for Bella's love, one of my theory is because he is near the maturing age, the maturing age for the transformation. The natives are actually our mortal enemies, they call themselves as shapeshifters and they possess the ability to transform into a conscious beast, they resemble a big sized wolf but unlike them, they have a human mind. I never fought with him for Bella, but because I wanted him to acknowledge me, and I am not saying it with malice, but Bella enjoys the show, and since the only way to talk with him is Bella I play along with her. I am sure that after the transformation everything, including the rivalry would reach the top. I don't want Jacob to hate me, but I know that he will never love me, in the beginning, I was not very sure and thought that it's just a phase but with time I fell in love with my stupid mutt. Jacob doesn't know this but I call him mutt only because I can't call him Jake, so I gave him a nickname of my own. No one knows about my feelings for him, I think that Jasper is aware of my turmoil but hasn't said anything yet. I was still lost in thoughts when familiar footsteps of Bella brought me back to my reality, even now sometimes I can't help my thirst. Sighing, I opened my bedroom's door. With a furious face, Bella entered in and plopped down on the couch with a thump. "That damn guy, why is he doing this?" she said with a flustered face, I had no choice but to stop inhaling her tempting and sweet scent, it's very uncomfortable, but as usual I kept on my poker face and pretended that she was not there. "Edward! Come on, now you are too avoiding me." she huffed, OK, I think this is something serious. With a deep sigh, I can't help it, with years of breathing practice is now natural to us and it's very uncomfortable to hold it like that… I will have to suffer from the smell, how someone can smell so good, I am sure even heaven can't smell so deliciously sweet…Nooo! What am I… "Seriously, are you even listening to me?" Bella said with a pained expression, Ha! I should be the one with that expression. Sigh, I think she's already irritated enough, I shouldn't add to her foul mood, "What happened, Bella?" this made her calm down slightly. "Jake is avoiding me for the last 2 weeks, I know he's hiding under the guise of being sick!" she said while kicking the rug with the usual 'Bella face'. "Maybe you are just overreacting," I said, because I know why he's avoiding her. The reason why Jacob Black is avoiding his precious 'Bells' is that now he's officially a mutt. "Edward why are you snickering like that?" she said with an annoyed yet surprised look. "Nothing I just remembered something," I said in a dismissive tone, "anyway I think that Jacob is really sick, give him some time, he will come around." She gazed at me strangely. "What?" I asked while racking my hands through my hair. " You called him Jacob?" she said with a rather stupid expression. "Yes… I mean his name