New Resolutions By Jon08 The continuing saga of Dudley Dursley, Social Worker at the Ministry of Magic and his interactions with his cousin and the rest of the wizard world. Disclaimer: I have no rights to these characters, they being the sole property of JK Rowling and am making no money from said story. Chapter 1: A British Werewolf in Massachusetts The portkey activated and Gabrielle and I were whisked from the peace of the hotel in France where we had spent the first night of our honeymoon and we were on our way to Massachusetts in the USA. The portkey was Mum and Dad's wedding present, well mainly Mum's I suppose considering Dad's ongoing problems with Magic. He had spent the wedding in the church, so uptight that if someone had greeted him with a slap on the back I'm sure he'd have cracked like a statue hit with a large mallet. Aunt Marge was a different person, somewhere along the line, she must have had a 'personality transplant' of her own somewhere along the way; she had been talking quite warmly with Molly Weasley and Ginny, about her dogs as if they were her own children. The only person not enjoying what was going on had been Dad, every time someone came to talk to him he tried to vanish into the back of the chair he was sitting on, in case the person approaching him was going to put a spell on him or something. For the most part, he was avoided by the wizarding members of the congregation who gradually got to see how uncomfortable their presence made him. In some small way I felt sorry for him, this problem was all of his own making, if only he could see them as 'normal' people not some frightening wizard going to wave a stick at him and turn him into a toad or something. There was the familiar feeling of nausea and wanting to fall flat on our faces as the portkey landed in a small secluded area at the rear of the airport; it looked just like a deserted broom closet or small storage room; then there was an unexpected red flash in the area and we seemed to be inside a red cage made of light. "European wizards, please wait for magical customs personnel to arrive. Do not attempt to apparate or portkey away, wards have been erected to prevent this!" Gabrielle and I looked at each other, we certainly weren't expecting this; nothing had been mentioned by the authorities at our own ministry about magical customs. There was a slight shimmering in the air to our left and a tall individual stepped through the shimmer and onto the concrete floor of 'our cage'. Looking at the individual, it was easy to assess straight away that he wasn't entirely human. His ears were pointed, his hair seemed to grow outwards from the centre of his head and continue further down his back than was normal, and then there was the long tail; that passed through a hole in the back of his trousers, like a horse tail. "Sorry about the precautions, but we must be careful, no criminals try to enter our borders; I'm sure you understand?" Gabrielle and I nodded dumbly at this. "So glad you understand!" he took a small wallet from his pocket and opened to show what looked like a couple of surgical scalpels, sitting inside it. This caused me to get nervous, Gabrielle too, I shouldn't wonder, but I was too busy staring worriedly at the knives in front of me to look at her. "If I may have your wand hand Sir?" asked the now rather alarming figure in front of us. Nervously I put my right hand forward, wondering what on earth I'd let us in for. With a quick jab, he took a small sample of blood, no more than a drop and dropped it onto the other side of the book from the blades. "Dudley Vernon Dursley, born June 23rd 1980, educated Little Whinging Elementary, Smeltings Academy, St. Piran's Comprehensive, Bristol University and Finally Hogwarts. Currently Social Services Minister at the UK Ministry of Magic. Am I correct?" I nodded numbly to this and looked quickly at my hand; there was no sign of any injury. "Thank you...and Madam if I may?" A little more confidently after my ordeal, Gabrielle held her hand forward; "Gabrielle Marie Delacour Dursley born 19th December 1985, Dijon, France; home educated till eleven, then Beauxbatons Academy. Currently working in the technology department at the UK Ministry of Magic. Correct?" She nodded numbly in much the same way I had. "So what happens now? How come we weren't informed of any customs by the ministry at home? Are you going to obliviate our memories of your inspection, so we won't tell anyone back home?" "Just enjoy your honeymoon, congratulations by the way! I have no idea, why your ministry didn't inform you, then again, no offense, a lot of the European ministries are so outdated. You are free to enjoy all the amenities throughout the states, as long as you break no laws, and I must warn you; the obliviate spell you mentioned is treated as mind rape by the US courts of law, illegal in all 54 states!" "Brilliant thanks! Hang on I thought there was only 50 states, when did you add the last four?" "British muggle education, I take it?" I nodded at this. "There's New Sparta, one of the original 14 states that made up the first union. Then there's Western Colorado; that tends to be most of our lycanthrope citizens tend to reside, lots of open space or forest to run and hunt in both forms..." "You allow werewolves to run around loose, are you not frightened that they'll bite someone or even worse kill when they're in their wolf form. It's extremely dangerous, isn't it?" "Not dangerous at all! Your use of the term werewolf suggests that your ministry still believe the wolf part of a lycanthropes existence is a curse, even restricting the interaction such a person can have with society. Here in the states, you'll find no such restrictions. A lycanthrope has the same freedom as any human wizard; the European treatment of werewolves, that of locking them up when they become a wolf and treating them as second class citizens the rest of the time does no good. The wolf must be allowed to come forward at other times, not just the full moon. A level of control is learnt if this happens, the wolf is not just a frenzied animal, frustrated by only being allowed a couple of nights a month." "Hang on. Werewolves can transform anytime, I thought it was restricted to the full moon?" "Again, rubbish perpetuated by your ministries. A lycanthrope can transform into his lupine form at any time, a bit like a wolf animagus; it's only the full moon that he has to. If the wolf is treated as a caged wild animal, it acts like one. Why I bet your ministries are still advocating that 'Wolfsbane' potion that some crackpot European wizard tried to get licensed for use here a few years ago. That stuff failed to get FDA approval as a medicinal potion. It basically poisons the wolf; never be allowed in American Law." "Blimey! Such things never occurred to me; what about the other states?" "There's Nouvelle Lorraine, you'd better speak French if you go there, they can be a little touchy about it, and New Derry! All these extra states have some magical connection so are covered in Europe by your outdated Statute of Secrecy. There's no such law in the states, all information about magic is in the public domain. Of course you need to find it first before you're told everything, but it can be found if you know where to look." "Sounds fascinating! We'll have to look into it a little more than we'd planned. We just assumed it would be the same as back home! Judging from your appearance and from something I learnt from an acquaintance back home, I'm assuming you must have a centaur somewhere in your family background and I would hesitate a guess that your family has connections to New Sparta; am I correct in those assumptions?" "You sound more knowledgeable about the subject than most European wizards we see, and yes your assumptions are correct, my father is a centaur, a federal judge, mainly working in New Sparta. The first colony in the America's, established in 5AD, when my ancestors fled Greece. The attitude of the Greeks was changing towards centaurs, coming to see us as animals, so every centaur in the area left and tried to find the lost continent of Atlantis, the majority of the refugees found a large island and using their magic hid it from muggle perception; not that the term muggle was even around then, but you follow my meaning." I nodded at this, blimey a whole new history of the ancient world, an earlier discoverer of America than I had ever heard about, fifteen hundred years before I had ever realised. "Is New Sparta still hidden from muggle perception, even though they've joined the United States?" "Yes! The whole state is still hidden, the charms were so old and entrenched that when the state legislature tried to remove them, they found they couldn't, but they managed to make it so that outsiders could venture in. If you're hoping to go there, though, I should warn you; you'll never be allowed in. The borders were sealed against European wizards and especially British ones in the late 17th century, when British wizards passed their Statute of Secrecy. The borders will remain closed until a former bewigged pig comes to speak of peace! No one knows what this statement means so the borders will probably remain closed forever!" Both Gabrielle and I gasped at this last statement. Gabrielle looked at me; "do you think it means you, certainly sounds like it?" Our companion looked at both of us, his eyes wide, "does this mean anything to you? Most people laugh at the idea of a bewigged pig; but you seem to know something about it! Tell me what you know!" I swallowed and began to tell the story of how I had lived with my cousin, the boy who lived, and been an overweight bully most of our childhood and his description of me to his friends. Our companion listened carefully to all of this, his eyes growing wider as I carried on. Eventually I came to my discussion in the Ministry with Firenze and how I wanted to try to make peace between centaurs and wizards after centuries of conflict. Our companion swallowed and looked hard at me, new respect in his eyes. "I will be telling my father of this and you may hear from him in the near future. This puts a new light on a lot of things, please enjoy your honeymoon," he shook mine and Gabrielle's hands. "It's been an honour and a pleasure to meet you both." He made a gesture with his hand, the air behind him shimmered and he took a step back into the shimmer and vanished. Gabrielle looked at me with awe in her eyes. "you, Dudley, are amazing, the first muggle ever to work for the Ministry of Magic, the first Muggle to pass his N.E.W.T.s, the newest wizard lord, and now spoken of in a three hundred year old prophecy; I still say you'll be Minister for Magic one day." I sniggered at this comment and told her to make me an appointment when we got back to England to get fitted out with a nice green bowler hat. We made our way from the small reception room we'd arrived in to the front of the airport and caught a perfectly normal taxi to the hotel we were