Cataclysmic Humanity A/N: Once again this story is something totally different from anything I've ever written before. I hope that you'll all enjoy Cataclysmic Humanity's journey. Thank you all for your continuous support. Beta: The… oh so famous Dee. Love yeah girl. That's it Happy reading all. ~~Prologue~~ For five years all I thought about was joining the New York Federal Bureau of Investigation. It was what my father and I had always dreamed I would do with my life. I never thought I'd ever go against the Bureau –become a trader let alone fall in love, but alas love was the very reason I've done the unthinkable. However wrong it was I believed our actions were doing –this so called world a favour. Every person in society seemed to be so consumed by Cullen's Corp. that they didn't focus on what was truly important. I couldn't allow Cullen's Corp to take what little remains of our freedom… ~~.~~ As I sit here, panting for breath I lean into his chest for warmth. I know that everything we did was worth every single second… Just to feel his affectionate embrace now. To know that we found love in such a cruel and substantial way of life gives significance to everything I have and everything I am. ~~ Chapter One ~~ "Swan, pick up the pace!" Captain Sam Uley hollered at me, "You're never going to get into the Bureau falling behind everyone else!" He hard-pressed If there was one thing I wanted to do more than anything… it was to shoot Uley. At six foot five inches he was as hard as they come. There was something about the contrast of his dark eyes and hair that scared the living hell out of me. He was always harder on me than anyone else, but I knew it was his messed up way at trying to help me reach my full potential. Sam Uley was a friend of my dad Charlie's and of course this was how I even got recruited –My tests were all top notch, but you had to know someone to get in. Shitty how the world works isn't it? But that's how it is. "Swan, I'm not going to tell you again!" Uley screamed temporarily taking me from my revere. I'm normally not this much of a slacker, but I've been going over and over again if this was really my dream or if it was just my dad's? Let me know when you figure it out because I'll be fucked if I know the answer. So here I am kicking my own ass just to prove that I can do it. This hundred and ten pound –five foot six, lanky girl with brown eyes –too damn large for her face and no frame at all –none. I might as well have been a boy. I didn't even cry when they cut my hair below my ears –I kind of like the pixie look, it seemed easier to manage. The purpose of all Uley's yelling today was because I wasn't putting in my all. I stayed behind my pack in my own sorry ass thoughts and I still couldn't get them straight. Here I am ready to graduate tomorrow and then be recruited into a new job and I'm not even sure if this is what I want to do. Perhaps I'll just go back to Forks Washington and work beside my dad at our small towns police station, but than again I'm not so sure that I'd be happy without some sort of excitement in my life. ~~.~~ Training was just brutal today my body was aching for a hot shower, but before I could walk my tired ass down the hallway I heard someone call out my name, "Miss Swan, could you join me please?" Director Marcus addressed me. "Of course Sir" I state as he holds his office door for me. When I enter his office it's full of brown leather furniture and a sophisticated dark cherry desk –strategically placed in the middle of the tiny room to intimidate new recruits like myself. I notice that despite the nice weather outside today Director Marcus has his cheep white vinyl blinds closed. The Director closes the door behind me and gestures for me to take a seat. I do as I'm told and sit watching uncomfortably as he walks around his desks and sits down directly across from me smiling. Silence He just stares at me More silence "Sir, may I be so; bold as to ask why you've called me in here today?" I start unable to take the silence in the room any longer. Just then the door opens and in walks Uley. Yep I knew I was in shit. I find myself starting to slump uncomfortably in my chair. I just want to curl up into a ball and disappear but I won't let them get to me. I have to show them that I'm stronger then they think. I've been trained to show now fear. And so I correct myself as if I was getting more comfortable or perhaps showing respect and sit up straight as an arrow. "Miss Swan, I have to tell you that I was against this idea from the very beginning. I really didn't and still don't feel like you have it in you to do what we need you to do." Uley smirked. "I agree I'm not so sure that she's the girl we're looking for. She'd really have to get a makeover and some." Director Marcus suggested. I was officially confused and pissed as hell. "Excuse me?" I started while they continued on with their bickering back and forth like an old married couple. "I'm just saying she has no boobs." Director Marcus stated. I was appalled, "Now just a minute." I say, "Well she doesn't have much of an ass either but we can try to do something with her. She's got great legs." Uley smirks. "Now, you two just wait a god damn minute. What the hell does my non existing ass and my lack there of tits have to do with anything? Someone better start telling me what this is all about? I mean I don't have to sit here and take your god damn shit!" I stand to leave. "And there she is" Uley yaps. "Pardon me?" I snap back "The loud mouth girl we're looking for." He confirms. ~~.~~ For the next few hours they fill me in on what they want from me. It's quite the bullet to bite to be honest. Right after I graduate –now in private so I'm kept out of the local newspaper headlines, Uley and my Director want me to go undercover. For a new recruit it seems like I've hit the jackpot but its bitter sweet. They want me to go up against Cullen's Corp. They want me to take down the head man –the father Carlisle Cullen. Carlisle is feared by everyone who is anyone. ~~~.~~~ I guess to start at the beginning is to tell you that our world has been washed clean. Some say the world has finally come to an end and those who understand things the way I do, know that it was Cullen's Corp. We're not as computer savvy as we once were. We the FBI know that Cullen's Corp. manufactured a virus so bad that they were able to wipe out all things that generate from a satellite, internet or computers in general, which means no one has a cell phone or a computer that works. But of course Cullen's Corp –Carlisle was able to keep computers for himself –Thus becoming the most powerful man on earth. Think about it this way –Carlisle Cullen has information on everyone who's anyone. If the President of the United States was banging his babysitter Carlisle would know about it and have proof. Carlisle is the only one in the world who still has top of the line computers and skills –therefore he owns just about everyone. Knowledge is a powerful tool to have. He doesn't have to kill anyone –just threaten to leak out information that could ruin them… scary shit –although we're sure that there's more going on behind close doors than what the naked eye sees and now Cullen's Corp has pissed off the FBI. The FBI wants to know what Cullen's Corp. has on them. And so it begins. ~~~.~~~ "Inspector Harry Clearwater this is Bella Swan," Uley introduces us. "Pleased to meet you Sir" I say, extending my hand for him to shake. Inspector Clearwater is a relatively older man with a short crew-cut hairstyle –which is slightly aged but it suited him. The dark shadows under his eyes told tell tail signs that he didn't get much sleep –either he was very dedicated to his job or the job had gotten to him. He was in relatively great shape for a man nearing fifty and dressed very conservative –polo shirt and khakis. "Pleasure" Inspector addressed me in return. "I'd like to go somewhere a little more open if you don't mind." He addressed the closet that Director Marcus called an office. "Where'd you like to go Inspector?" Uley asked. And without hesitation he spun around on the heal of his boot and walked out of the office. "Well, go after him girl." Uley pushed. I was pissed. I hadn't even showered and gotten out of my sweats. This was all thrown on me and I wasn't even given time to think it all through. I wasn't even sure if I wanted to graduate tomorrow or not, but like the trained puppy I am I ran after Inspector Clearwater. "Inspector!" I hollered trying to keep the pace with him –ready to beg if I had to about taking a shower and he just pointed to the passenger side of the beat up blue KIA he was getting into. I got in without hesitation. "Inspector. Sir, I would just like to take a minute to…" "No time, I'm thirsty." He said, while checking his side mirrors and pulling out into traffic. We ended up at a bar –a rather large dive if you asked me, but I was thankful that no one would know who the hell I was here, but scared that my grey sweets spelling out FBI across my chest may not be proper attire for this kind of bar –I might get myself into trouble. Walking in there were only a few regulars and they were of the elderly so I calmed down immediately. We found a table in a dark corner while the barmaid brought us two drafts. It didn't go unnoticed that Inspector Clearwater was rather rude with the waitress –snapping at her saying, "Bring whatever's on tap!" Okay Sir we have…" The waitress had begun to explain that there were three different kinds of Draft on tap, but he didn't care. "I don't give two shits just bring me two of whatever!" Already I hated this man and I didn't like the idea of working under him or him being my damn babysitter. Once the draft was placed on the table Clearwater was all business and opened the file before me. "Contact details, background information, photos, authorization forms everything is here." He slid a small pile of papers paper-clipped towards me. "If you have any questions, now would be the time to ask them." He stated. I hadn't thought of questions because I wasn't told much. Before I had a chance to say anything he said, "Right then. Good luck." My response was automatic, "Boss" as my eyes scanned the papers. After a few sips of his drink, Clearwater seemed a little more at ease. "Alright start to read aloud so we're both on the same page, so that we both know who the players are." He said. "Shouldn't we do this in a more private setting?" I asked and