THIS IS A SEQUAL TO PERCY JACKSON THE RISING, TAKING PLACE AFTER MY STORY, AND BETWEEN AND AFTER I PLAN TO CONTINUE ON WITH THOSE CHARACTERS, AND THEY WILL BE HERE. BUT THIS STORY WILL BE MORE IN PERCY JACKSON THE RISING WORLD, THINGS WILL CHANGE FROM A SHADOW GAINS LIFE SO DON'T SAY I DIDN'T SAY SO. KNOW THIS AND I SAY SPOILER DONT READ ANY FUTHER UNLESS YOU READ MY STORY BUT THE VILLIAN IN THE END IS NOT THE END OF EITHER STORY I HAD OTHER PLANS UNTIL MY LAPTOP MESSED UP I WILL NOT SAY FOR A 100 PERCENT BUT GAIA WILL NOT BE LIKE SHE WAS IN THE BOOKS. I AM SORRY I DID NOT UPDATE IN OVER A YEAR BUT MY COMPUTER DID NOT WORK AND I HOPE MY OTHER READERS WILL CONTINUE ON. Story began. Percy Jackson and the savior of the world and beyond part one. I DONT OWN ANY OF THE CHARACTERS AND ANY SYMBOLANCE IS NOT INTENTIONAL, BUT IF YOU HAVE NOT READ PERCY JACKSON THE RISING YOU MAY BE LOST. "I had accepted the fact I was going to die even the Fates had no hope of me living and as I was looking at my family and friends on my death bed. I saw them all stand still, and the pain being relived. As the last of the pain left me I heard someone telling me to be quiet." "If you stay quiet I will bring your life back. But if you speak my power will lessen. I have this power because I have saved it for a long time, and my own power magnified it, and this will be the only time it works." When you survive your power will magnify much more because of my influence but no matter what you cannot use any powers whatsoever for any reason for 6 months that even includes you being resistant to water and any basic powers, if you do you will die and nothing ever will bring you back." Aphrodite POV. I stayed at Percy's bed for almost a third of a year never leaving his sight. I had neglected my duties without regret. My daughter Silena took over becoming a full goddess of love and Charles becoming like his dad, but not only that but he gained a portion of my power like Silena gaining some of his fathers. I had not had a single moment where I lost hope He woke up after that time and he seemed normal he knew what happened but even at what Apollo called full strength he wouldnt even use his powers to have his house bring him a cup of water it seemed like the house began to weaken until Pan brought the power back along with his New wife Baylee. Not only could that not work but even his father could not convince him to take a swim with his new sister in the island ocean, or even a pond. He would still act normal, but if someone asked him to do anything other than a normal person would he would deny it immediately and his house stopped anything that would do otherwise, and that was on it's own not connected to his emotions not even Nyx, and Hemera could stop it otherwise." It was only after a cetrain amount of time until that changed. The water around him began to bubble and triple in size even in the aquariam below his bedroom. But that was decided as his power returning to normal from being sick for so long, but never did our love cease, and I soon found myself with our child, who was not our first, as he regained his mind. As a goddess it did not take nearly as long and I soon had a baby boy the moment of his birth I felt a power just as strong as Percy when he first saved us in Alaska, and his son's eyes locked onto mine, and it had many different colors in his eyes "Percy are you okay?" It looked like he didnt hear my voice but his eyes looked into his son's eyes, and he called out to me. "Aprhodite what is his name?" "It is what we decide." I called immediately out to the fates, and the council and in less than 20 seconds they all arrived in under 20 seconds along with his family to see their new member all of us sharing that Percy is alive and we have a child. But as he sat up it took effort even with the fates help, when knowing family, and friends are what are most important. As the time went we sensed no poison anywhere, and due to his actions he was released of all charges. The first thing he wanted to do after meeting his family, and our family was his Fighters. Pan arrived with the others along with Grover who was his assistant god. Helios and Selena now were with Apollo, and Artemis full time not only sharing duties but increasing the others powers. My bodyguard the son of Oceanus had not only completed his training but he became a full god under Percy's father. Percy Pov I saw myself myself when I couldnt move, and I saw my friends finally when I was able to move freely I called my friend Baylee and she appeared instantly helping me up as Aprhrodite was to tired to move as she was keeping me in check. I moved along the island, and they gave me respect as normal but I felt so much power that it over powered my brain. I had seen my mom, my wife, and my baby, and all the nature spirits but even giving away my power I have never felt this power before/ We soon found a name for our child, and Aprhrodite loved it just as much as I did. Oliver was not far behind by any means he grew as fast as any Olympian child but grew much faster from both our powers. my mom, and stepdad was raising my little sister. My little sister who was only a mortal aged much faster than a normal human child but that was due to her being blessed by every god, and goddess. My sister who was the youngest was the who had the normal strength as a human as she could not access the physical power blessing by the Olympains could not use them until deemed so by my father to make sure she could use it properly. In time Olver, and Zoey trained together, under the training of Athena, Nyx, and Pontus. That was until I fully got my powers back, and I took over the full training of them. As I was released of all punisment I explored the world with Aphrodite. Baylee watched over Oliver, and the Olympians began to spend nearly every day with their kids. Oliver stayed behind so he go grow up like I did and have fun as a kid. It was not long before I felt a call from Nyx. "I need your help something is destroying my pit scropions everywhere but I cannot leave my domain." I appeared before in an instant, and she bowed to me at the same time I bowed to her, and we both said we didnt need to bow "Percy I have not seen this in the longest time but a Giant has reformed much too powerful than it was ever." "This is the opposite of Hestia, and every monster it kills it gains power." I agreed instantly, and asked where it was. "She is located 20,000 miles south of here, she does not know of me, but as I cant leave here with the demi's I need help otherwise she will gain too strong." I water traveled to the location, and I was now standing before a grown woman in white. "So I finally meet Percy Jackson. To what do I owe the pleasure?" "I don't know your name and I don't care die now, so you cant overthrow the balance of light and dark." She smiled at my warning. "My name is also Hestia but I am not from this world. I am here to kill you Percy Jackson." Bursts of fire came at me, and I made a speed mirage dodging them all. Finally her power changed not onally from fire to lightning, and she attacked with both elements. During all my battles this was nothing, and I brought forth the power of my father, and Oceanus to end the flame, at last Thunder Terror canceled out the last attack and I tied the other Hestia down. "Father come forth now." My father who gained power from my mothers gained so much power even though I was the Fate made the Giants,and the Olympians look like nothing." "Hello son what do you need?" "Take this fake Hestia to my prison she is from a different world. Make no mistake she is not like the Hestia we know." My father wrapped her in chains, but before she could be moved she only laughed and vanished leaving behind an echoing laugh. It was only when the laughing stopped when my father shook his head. "My son that was not a real giant not even the real opposite of my sister, even in the original Giant war she was never violent to anything be it Olympian, Titan, Giant, or even animal or human it didn't matter for any reason, and the reason why is if she was ever in danger she could cause a power to make everything unable to want to cause her damage, not even Gaea could force her to fight." "So then why was she destroying Nyx's pets?" "I have no cluse son, but whoever that was it was not the giant to Oppose Hestia." My father clapped me on the back, and I flashed away after him, and told Nyx what he said, and she agreed it wasn't her, but something pretending to be. Until we could find out what was going on Nyx recalled every friendly creature to her domain, not just pit scorpions. "I am sorry Lady Nyx I could not be any more help. I am only still learning how to become the Fate, and my knowledge is still limited." "It is okay Percy I know what you did what you could, and even knowing with the weapon I gave you I know if you wanted to you could go into her domain, and get revenge." "Well we still have more to rebuild, but if you need me again call me in an instant." When I flashed away I decided to head to my mothers place. Out of all the people who knew about me being their son, there was only a few beings who could go freely to their home, and that was me, and Pontus. My father, and Nyx could go at anytime but at my mother's approval unless they needed something. The only reason why Pontus could also go was he was their personal bodyguard. Whenever I went to visit them which didn't happen to much as I could only just use my powers again, and I couldn't even tell them what happened that day. But when I did go it was no longer a cave it was a warm home built from wood that was always comforting, and now they no longer looked like old ladies, now they appeared to be the same age as my mom, but they were still weaving fate. What was still the same as before is that I could overrule their choices as if to cancel a death, extend a life, or end it earlier but I had never ounce used that power since bringing my army back to life. What still got me was they still spoke at ounce. "Hello son how are you doing today, to