Tasting (Chapter 1) Peeta wiped distractedly at the light dusting of flour on the counter. Flour got everywhere, even on the front counter after a few hours. Even on the tables a little by the end of the day. It was just one of those things about bakeries, like how it was always hot in the summertime, even with the air on full blast. Bakers needed ovens—fire—even when it was hot enough outside to roast a person alive. He slid his forearm across his forehead, but it only smeared the sweat that had formed there instead of wiping it away. He tossed his cleaning rag into the bucket of disinfectant in the sink and grabbed his soda from the shelf below the counter. On days like this, he always stopped at the corner liquor store for a large soda before coming in for his shift. He'd get the big cup, fill it to the brim with ice, and then top it off with orange soda. The habit would likely kill him someday, but it was hard to be bothered by the idea when it was the one thing that helped him survive the long, hot summers. He took several long sips and turned to lean against the counter, looking up at the tired old menu on the wall and the faded, grainy 90's posters of cakes that had been blighting the bakery's wall for two decades now. The menu he thought he might be able to fix with some paint. But he wondered how much it would cost to get someone to take new photos and print up new posters for them. Mellark's had a solid enough reputation in the city, and new walk-ins were always happy with anything they ordered from the cases, but they never seemed to trust them with anything beyond. And it was the beyond parts that Peeta loved the most about his job. He closed his eyes and let himself start to envision the kind of cake he'd be proud to advertise on a poster if he ever got the chance. He was picturing a delicate bouquet of perfectly lifelike flowers on top, maybe seeded with sugar pearls, when a voice snapped him away from his vision. "I need a cake." Peeta flinched and accidentally squeezed his cup. Ice and watery orange soda sloshed onto the floor, and a little onto his pants. " Shit ," Peeta said, setting the cup aside and grabbing a clean towel. He turned and looked up at the girl on the other side of the counter to apologize, and his heart nearly stopped. Shit . She was scowling, and it made him wonder just how long she'd been standing there. "I'm sorry," he said, mind dangerously near the precipice of blankness. "I didn't hear you come in. By 'shit,' I obviously meant 'Welcome,' and 'how may I help you?'" He dabbed at his pants and then mopped up the small puddle from the floor. When he stood up again, her scowl hadn't budged. It didn't matter. He was a connoisseur of her scowls. And besides—she was here. Peeta Mellark been making a secret study of Katniss Everdeen ever since the first grade. That year he'd learned her favorite color (green), he'd learned that she was great at tag and capture the flag because she was small and fast and quiet, and he'd learned that her singing voice was like hot cocoa on a cold winter day. It was like the color blue if blue could give you a hug. He'd have traded her the cookie in his lunch every day for the rest of his life in exchange for one line of a song—if he'd ever been brave enough to actually talk to her. And later, in junior high, he learned that her dad had died, but he learned it slow. He learned that she stopped getting lunch at the cafeteria and started bringing it from home instead. He learned that she only smiled anymore when she was walking her sister home at the end of the school day. He learned that she buried herself under layers of clothes because most of hers had holes in them and because her jacket wasn't warm enough for winter. That was when Delly had mentioned it. "She doesn't ever eat her lunch," she said one day, like it was a secret she'd been worrying over. "Who?" Peeta asked, washing down the last of his ham and cheese sandwich with some apple juice. "That girl. The one with the braid, in the corner." "You mean Katniss?" he asked. He'd blushed—it was the first time he'd ever said her name out loud. Delly leaned forward. "She takes out her sandwich, tears it into smaller pieces, and then puts the pieces back into the bag. She pretends to chew and swallow, but none of it ever actually reaches her mouth." Peeta turned to watch her. "Maybe she doesn't like the kind of sandwich her mom packs." "I don't think there's even anything in it," Delly said quietly. "I think it's just bread." Peeta studied her more closely after that, but he did his best to hide it. Delly was right. She brought two pieces of bread with her every day in place of a real lunch, and she never ate them. They always went back into her lunch bag, and her lunch bag went back into her backpack. She chewed strawberry gum for the rest of the day and drank water from her water bottle. She was losing weight, and her hair was getting thinner. The knowledge of it threatened to shatter him. He'd asked Delly what she thought they could do. "If you try to help, she'll run," Delly had said. "She doesn't want anyone to know anything's wrong. That's why she pretends." He needed to find a way to help her without embarrassing her or letting on that he was concerned. He failed. He'd screwed up his courage and taken his sandwich—turkey on wheat with cranberry mustard—over to her. "Hey, you don't want this sandwich, do you?" he'd asked. She'd frozen, mid-fake-chew, and glanced up at him. Under the influence of proximity and the appraisal of her cool, gray eyes, his voice had gone up a little higher than normal, and the lie he'd carefully prepared came out in a rush. "My dad accidentally packed me two sandwiches. I already asked a bunch of other people, but they said they didn't want it. So do you? Want it?" She fake-swallowed. Take it. Please take it. "It's turkey. It's really good, I swear. My dad made the bread fresh this morning at the bakery, and he makes the cranberry mustard sauce himself." She glanced down and folded the top of her lunch bag back down. "No thanks," she said. "I accidentally got two sandwiches today, too." Peeta's heart wrenched. The arm offering her the sandwich drooped. "Are you sure?" "Yeah," she said, putting her lunch bag back in her backpack and zipping it up. "I'm full." She ran. He'd let her down. At the end of the following week, he'd been taking out the trash at the bakery after school when he'd seen her in the alleyway, trying to lift the dumpster lid. She was too short to really lift it high enough for her to see inside, let alone pull anything out of it. When she saw him, she startled and let the lid slam down. The moment knit them together in a kind of horrible understanding. He didn't know what to say or what to do, but she was past the point of lies. "Please don't tell anyone," she said, her eyes reddening with tears. "I can't even reach it, so it doesn't matter. I'm not stealing. It's just trash." Tears fell down her cheeks. Peeta set his trash bag down, and she eyed it. "What were you looking for?" he asked. "I can hold the dumpster lid open for you if you want." She shook her head and took a step back. "I only—I just need—" He tried his best to look non-threatening. He put his hands in his pockets and scuffed his sneaker against the asphalt. "I was hoping for old bread," she said, her voice crumbling as if crushed by a great weight. "Or—or maybe the last few bites of someone's sandwich." She started to retreat, and his heart sank. " Please . Don't tell anyone." He smiled gently. "I can do you one better. Come inside, and you can have your own sandwich." She shook her head and began to back away again. "I don't have any money." He frowned. "Well then how about I get myself a sandwich, and then I'll give it to you." "Forget it—I need to get home," she said, turning down the alleyway. "Wait!" he said, running to catch up with her. "I swear, it'll be okay, and you won't owe me anything, and I won't say anything to anyone about—about anything you might be worried about. My dad won't care—we eat half our meals from the bakery anyway. No one will care that I had two sandwiches today. I do that sometimes anyway." He blushed, realizing how insensitive he must sound. And he cringed to find himself trying to convince her that anything about her situation was normal or okay . There was nothing okay about starvation. "Look," he said, trying again. "I know you wouldn't be here if you didn't need help. I know you wouldn't have said anything if it weren't—" he swallowed a lump in his throat. "If you could have found any other option." Katniss hid her face in her hands. "It's okay, Katniss," he begged. "Just let me help. Okay?" She nodded, tears silently streaking her face. He led her to the back door and through the kitchen to the storage room. He shifted some boxes so she'd have a place to sit, and then he handed her some paper towels so she could wipe her face and blow her nose. "I'll only be a minute, okay? Just in there, in the kitchen." She nodded. As quickly as he could, he put together a sandwich, adding extra turkey, extra cheese, and extra cranberry sauce for good measure. The rich, brown bread had nuts and seeds and little bits of dried fruit in it. Then he grabbed a carton of chocolate milk from the fridge. This was a gamble—she'd always gotten chocolate milk at school until she'd started bringing her own lunch. He hoped she still liked it. She did. When he brought her the food, she downed the milk first, and it brought more tears to her eyes. She seemed almost afraid to start on the sandwich, so Peeta encouraged her to eat and told her he'd go get her more to drink. "More milk?" he asked. "Just water," she said, wiping her nose. "You sure? We have juice and iced tea, too." She shook her head. "Just water." He decided he'd put a few slices of lemon in at least, maybe some mint or basil. He couldn't give Katniss Everdeen just plain water. He was at the sink, washing some mint leaves, when his father returned from his afternoon deliveries. "Peet, you did it again," he said, a tired note of warning in his voice. "Did what?" he asked, dropping the leaves into the glass of water he'd prepared. "The trash. The bag is sitting in the middle of the alleyway, not ten feet from the dumpster." "I'm really sorry," Peeta said. "I'll take care of it in a couple of minutes, okay?" "Or now?" his father prompted. "You get distracted taking the garbage out—how do I know you won't get distracted in a few minutes and forget?" Peeta lowered his voice. "I'm helping a friend right now. I swear, it wasn't that I got distracted. This was just more important. You can dock my allowance this week if you want." His father sighed and removed