Hello, all me peoples out there! I really hope you like this story. I got inspiration for it when my family and me were camping a short while back. PLEASE R&R!!!!!!! Oh, by the way, this story takes place two or three years after the Ring was destroyed. Chapter 1: Confessions in the Dark The Shire was always very beautiful in springtime. The grass was a vibrant shade of green and it was lush and cool. The tall trees were full and alive with rich green leaves and blossoms of their fruit. The sky was a beautiful shade of light blue with light, fluffy clouds floating here and there. The vibrant, yellow sun hung high in the sky and shone dawn with great radiance upon the fertile land. Gardeners were busy in their fields, children ran and laughed here and there, and the marketplace outside the Green Dragon in Hobbiton was bustling with its usual activity. The low, rolling hills were painted with splashes of color as hundreds of thousands of wildflowers bloomed across them. On this particular beautiful day, Merry and Pippin rode their ponies leisurely through Hobbiton. They were bound for Bag End to visit their dear friends Frodo, Sam, Rosie, and their Uncle Bilbo. Pippin smiled as he inhaled deeply the sweet smell of the cool, spring air. "Does Frodo know we're coming?" he asked, turning to Merry. "Of course he does, you nit." Merry said. "Oh, right. I guess I'm just excited; we haven't seen Frodo and Sam in a few weeks." Pippin said. Merry chuckled and they continued on for several more minutes until they came to a bend in the narrow dirt path. The small valley that Bag End was situated in was one of the most beautiful spots in the Shire. Bag End was nestled in the side of a hill with a large, bushy tree growing out the top of it. One could reach the house via a narrow dirt path that wound around through the valley, passing a pond with water lilies growing in it, the Party Tree, and several lush gardens. Merry and Pippin picked up the pace a little and finally reached Bag End, trying their ponies to the hitching post that stood just outside the wooden gate. "Looks like Sam's been busy." Merry said, noticing the many freshly-planted flowers and shrubs in the front yard. The two of them approached the green, rounded front door and Merry knocked firmly on it four times. Within seconds, the door opened and a dark-haired Hobbit appeared in the doorway. Merry and Pippin recognized him immediately as their dear cousin Frodo. Frodo's face brightened when he saw his closest couins standing before him. "Oh, good afternoon, you two. I didn't expect you so soon." Frodo said, smiling "I hope we're not too early." Merry said. "Oh, not at all, not at all." Frodo said, "Please come in. Sam just finished brewing a fresh pot of tea." Frodo stepped aside and allowed Merry and Pippin to step inside. "Something smells good." Pippin said, noticing a sweet yet spicy smell lofting from the kitchen. "Rosie is fixing a batch of her famous cinnamon rolls." Frodo said, closing the door. Merry and Pippin followed Frodo down the hallway a short distance before turning to their left and crossing the adjoining room into the kitchen. Rosie stood bent over in front of the wood-burning oven, checking on her slowly-baking cinnamon rolls. She slapped Sam's hand out of the way as he tried to sneak a swipe of the sweet, white frosting that adorned the top of the rolls. "Not until they're done!" she said, swiftly closing the oven door. "Sam, Rosie, look who's here." Frodo said, chuckling slightly. Sam and Rosie looked up and smiled to see two of their dearest friends. "Hello, lads." Rosie said, "We did not expect you until later this afternoon." "Well, we made good time after we crossed the Brandywine Bridge." Merry said. "Would you boys like some tea?" Rosie asked. "Sounds very nice after travelling so much." Merry said. "Please, come sit down." Frodo said, ushering them forward. Frodo, Merry, and Pippin sat down at the heavy, oak table in the middle of the room and Sam poured the four of them a nice, warm cup of tea. Rosie scurried out of the room to find Bilbo. "So, what has been going on with you two lately?" Sam asked as he set the four cups of tea on the table. "Not much. To tell you the truth, things have been quite boring around Brandy Hall lately." Merry said taking a sip of his sweet tea, "What's been going on with you guys?" "Well, Sam has planted an entirely new garden out front and Rosie had started an herb garden in the backyard." Frodo said. "Mr. Bilbo has added a new collection of books to his library." Sam added. "How many books does his library have now?" Pippin asked. "Last time I counted, it was upwards of four hundred." Frodo answered. "It's really growing, isn't it?" Merry said. "Oh, yes. He's all the time collecting new books and adding them to his library." Sam said. Just then, a new voice interrupted them. "Well, hello, lads." Uncle Bilbo said as he and Rosie entered the room, "Well, don't just sit, there; come give your uncle a hug." Merry and Pippin both smiled and stood and walked over to Bilbo and he embraced them both in a group hug. "So, how have my two 'favorite' nephews been lately." Bilbo said, giving Frodo a playful wink. "Oh, couldn't be better." Pippin said. "Good, good." Bilbo said. "I think all this calls for a picnic." Rosie piped up. "My thoughts exactly." Frodo said, "It'll do us all some good to get out and enjoy the fresh air." "What do you say lads?" Bilbo asked, eyeing Merry and Pippin hopefully. "Sounds like fun." Pippin said, his eyes brimming with happiness. "I have absolutely no objections." Merry said. "Well, then, it's settled." Sam said, standing up. "Frodo, you go help unload their ponies and we'll get started with preparing for the picnic." Bilbo said. Frodo nodded and stood up, following Merry and Pippin out to where they had their two ponies tied to the hitching post. "How long do you intend to stay with us?" Frodo asked, helping Pippin with unteing the saddle on his pony's back. "Maybe two or three days." Pippin answered. "Oh, do stay longer than that; we haven't seen you two in so long." Frodo said. "Wouldn't we be intruding if we stayed longer?" Merry asked, unteing his saddle bags. "Oh, of course not. We would love to have you stay longer." Frodo said, "Please, a week at the most." "Well, if you're sure we would not be intruding...." Merry said. "You two are more than welcome to stay as long as you need or want to." Frodo said. Once Merry and Pippin were through tending to their ponies, they slung their saddle bags over their shoulders and Frodo lead them back into the house. They followed him down the long hallway to a room on the right. Frodo opened the closed, round door and the three of them stepped inside. "This is where you will be sleeping." Frodo said. The room was a nice size and had dark, wood panelling along the lower half of the walls like the rest of the house. On the wall opposite them was a small, brick fireplace with a mantle above it that was made out of a thick log which was split in half. On the wall to their left was a Hobbit-sized bed with two fluffy pillows, white fleece sheets, and a soft green blanket on top of the sheets. The headboard of the bed, which was pushed up against the wall, was made of finely-carved cedar, as was the foot-board. A small table with two drawers was situated at the side of the head of the bed. The same was with a second bed on the right side of the room, only this one was situated so the side of the bed was against the wall and the small table set at the head of the bed. Merry and Pippin set their bags on each bed and followed Frodo to the kitchen where Sam, Rosie, and Bilbo were busy getting their picnic together. Sam had gotten down the large, woven picnic basket down from the shelf in the corner and Rosie was hard at work fixing sandwiches for each of them. Bilbo placed a large, green-checkered blanket in the bottom of the basket along with six apples; one for each of them. "Where are we going to have the picnic?" Pippin asked, excited. "How does down by Sandyman's pond sound?" Frodo suggested. "The place where we used to go swimming when we were small?" Pippin asked. "That's the one." Frodo said. "Oh, can we? Please?" Pippin pleaded, giddy as a child. Merry smiled and giggled as he watched Pippin get so excited. Sandyman's pond held many fond memories from their childhood. It was where Frodo had taught Merry to swim as a child and where Merry had taught Pippin to swim. They always called it 'Sandyman's Pond' because it was downriver a ways from Sandyman's mill and it was very beautiful and peaceful. Once the sandwiches were made and the cinnamon rolls were done, Rosie finished packing the picnic basket and they headed off to their favorite spot in the Shire. They walked through the busy marketplace and down to the edge of the gently-flowing river just past it. They followed the river in the direction that it flowed and soon came to a slightly, secluded place at the end of the river. The river came to an end at a nice-sized pool of crystal-clear water surrounded by blossoming willow trees with thick, gnarled trunks. The long fronds of the willow trees cascaded over the thick branches and came down almost to the ground. A few of the longest fronds touched the ground, but most of them were about a foot or two above it. Where the river and the pond met, there was a small waterfall which was only a few feet high. Thick, green vines with tiny pink and purple flowers grew along and up the rocks on either side of the waterfall. The small group of Hobbits came to the tallest willow tree and Sam set the fairly heavy basket down on the soft green grass. "Who wants to go swimming?" Pippin asked. "Me!" Merry immediately said. Merry and Pippin wasted no time in taking their shirts off and running over to the water and jumping in. Frodo laughed and swiftly followed them. Rosie laughed as she watched them swimming and laughing. "Want to get in?" she asked, turning to Sam. "You know I can't swim." Sam said. "I know that, but you can still walk around in the shallow water, can't you?" Rosie asked. "I guess I can." Sam said. Rosie stood up and took off her outer skirts to she only wore her inner skirt made out of a thin layer of cotton. Sam also stood and took off his shirt and he followed Rosie into the shallows of the water. They spent the better part of the afternoon, swimming laughing and just having a good time. Bilbo sat under the sade of the willow tree, smiling as he watched the much younger Hobbit's playing in the water. Merry and Pippin had a grand time climbing the rocks beside the waterfall and jumping from them into the water. Merry even mastered doing a back-flip off the rocks into the water. A couple of hours later, Bilbo called all of them in from the water to eat lunch. The five other Hobbits came out of the water, all of them dripping wet and Rosie's skirt clinging to her slender legs. Rosie opened the picnic basket and took out the