Hello, me faithful reviewees!! I really hope you like this story. I am a big fan of slash stories and I think there is absolutely nothing wrong with homosexuality. I mean, homosexuals are still human beings and they have feelings and as many rights as anyone else. Everyone deserves love! Here's a little word of advise to anyone who is considering writing a slash story: GO FOR IT! It doesn't matter what anyone else thinks; as long as you put your all into it and did your best, that's enough. Anyhoo, on with the story! :) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Merry stepped into his room at Bag End. It was nearing dusk and the chirping of crickets could be faintly heard outside. He had had an active day with Frodo, Pippin, and Sam. They spent the entire day having fun and romping around in the fields of wildflowers, laughing and smiling the whole time. He was quite tired and looking forward to a good night's sleep. He stepped over to his bed and was about to turn down the sheets when he noticed a note laying on his pillow. He picked up the tan parchment and read the black-ink writing. Dear my sweet Merry, Meet me in the Green Dragon an five minutes. I have a very special surprise for you. Come alone. I am in room 15. Love, Your Pippin Merry smiled as he folded the note and set it aside. His mind raced as he thought of what Pippin might have in store for him. He placed the note under his pillow and walked down the winding hallways of Bag End. He opened the round, green front door and locked it behind him as he exited. He walked down the narrow pathway, the small stones crunching underneath his feet. He followed the path for about half a mile until he came to the Green Dragon, which was still bustling with activity. He entered through the front door, closing it behind him. The entire place smelled heavily of ale and pipeweed. He acknowledged Rosie as he walked past. He followed the winding hallways of the part of the Green Dragon that acted as the inn. He followed the hallways until they lead him to room #15. This room was the farthest back from the bustling tavern and it was relatively quiet back here. He knocked on the door. "Come in." he heard a voice say. He opened the door and stepped inside. The room was rather large and the only light in the room was a small fire built in the fireplace and several lit candles dotted all over the room. A sweet smell lingered in the air from the softly burning candles. It smelled of roses and peaches; a smell that Merry always loved. Across the room was a large bed with silken sheets and several soft pillows. Next to the bed was a small table with an arrangement of three candles, each a little shorter than the one before it, and a few small rose petals. Setting beside the candle arrangement was a small, rounded jar of oil. Seated on the edge of the bed was Pippin. He looked so beautiful in the soft flickering of the candle-light. His auburn curls cascaded down to his shoulders and his silky-smooth skin seemed to glow in the candle-light. He was wearing no shirt and the firelight danced playfully over his young skin. "What's all this?" Merry asked, looking around. "For you." Pippin answered. "What do you mean?" Merry asked. "I wanted to do something special for you." Pippin said, standing up and walking over to where Merry stood. He reached behind him and closed and locked the door. "Anything you do is special." Merry said. "Okay, then; I want to do something extra special for you." Pippin said, wrapping his arms around Merry's neck. He leaned in and pressed his lips softly to Merry's. Merry wrapped his arms around Pippin's waist and responded to the kiss, pressing their bodies closer together. Pippin explored the warm depths of Merry's wonderful mouth with his tongue, making Merry moan softly. Pippin ran his fingers through Merry's soft, golden curls. Merry slowly moved his hands up Pippin's back, reveling in the feeling of the younger Hobbit's silky-smooth flesh beneath his hands. They parted the kiss, in need of air. Pippin slowly eased Merry's tan tunic up over his head to reveal his firm torso. Merry looked so beautiful, so perfect. The firelight danced playfully over his smooth skin, making him seem to glow. His golden curls framed his young face and his saphire-blue eyes shone with passion. "Dance with me, Merry." Pippin whispered into his pointed ear. Merry held Pippin in his gentle embrace and they swayed together, slowly dancing in their passion. Pippin leaned his head on Merry's shoulder and closed his eyes, smiling softly. Merry rested his chin atop Pippin's head and concentrated on swaying his body in time with Pippin's. Pippin could feel Merry's heart beating strong inside his firm chest, gently strumming out the chords of life. Pippin gasped softly as he felt Merry gently nip at the sensitive point of his ear. Pippin looked into Merry's eyes and smiled. "I love you, Mer." he said. "I love you, too, Pip." Merry said, his voice low and passionate, "I've hungered for you for so long and now I can finally have you." "Yes, you can. We have the whole night to one another and I told Rosie to make sure no one came down here." Pippin said, "I've waited for this moment for long. I've longed to feel your touch and your gentle kisses. You're so beautiful, Merry. I love you so much." With that, Merry enveloped Pippin in a gentle kiss, moaning as Pippin ran his hands up and down his back. Merry wrapped his hands around Pippin's skinny waist and picked him up into the air. Pippin instinctively wrapped his legs around Merry's waist, giggling with glee. Merry walked over to the bed and gently laid Pippin down onto the silken sheets, kissing him with such gentle passion. Pippin ran his hands over Merry's broad shoulders and he could already feel himself beginning to harden as Merry leaned over him. "Shall we remove this barrier?" Merry asked, toying at the hem of Pippin's pants. "Oh, yes....please." Pippin pleaded. Merry leaned up and slowly slid Pippin's pants down his slender legs. Pippin lifted his hips slightly so Merry could completely remove his pants. Merry let the pants fall to the floor and he leaned back down to Pippin, who had already spread his legs and was ready for Merry. Merry maneuvered around so both of them were laying on the bed. He trailed his hot kisses down Pippin's neck and shoulders. He reached between them and took Pippin's shaft in his hand and stroked him. Pippin moaned and writhed beneath Merry, instantly hardening as Merry stroked him in just the right way. "Oh, Merry.....oh." Pippin moaned as he gripped the sheet below him. Merry pumped Pippin's shaft in his hand, delighting in the moans od pleasure he was emitting from him. "Oh, Mer, I n-need you." Pippin gasped. "Patience, my love." Merry said, intent on making this last as long as he possible could. Merry leaned down and swiftly took Pippin into his mouth, making him moan loudly. Pippin writhed as Merry gently sucked him. Merry's mouth was warm and caressed him like a soothing liquid. He didn't know how much more of this delightful torture he could stand. "M-Merry, please.....I need you more than you can imagine." Pippin said, the need aching between his legs. "What was that, my love?" Merry said, leaning up. "I n-need y-you." Pippin said. "Are you sure?" Merry teasingly asked. "Merry, you're tormentifying me. Please just take me." Pippin said. "Your wish is my command." Merry said. He slid his pants down his legs and Pippin gasped when he saw Merry's throbbing hobbit-hood. "Merry, you're--huge!" he gasped. Merry reached over to the table beside the bed and picked up the small bottle of oil. He uncorked it and poured a small amount into his hand. He used to to slick his shaft and Pippin almost trembled with anticipation as he watched. Merry poured a little more of the oil into his hand and gently massaged it over Pippin's entrance. He then set the bottle aside. "Are you ready?" Merry asked. "Oh, y-yes." Pippin gasped. Merry leaned down and covered Pippin's body with his own. "I have a secret." Merry said. "What?" Pippin asked. "I'm going to make you scream." Merry whispered. He positioned the glistening tip of his shaft at Pippin's entrance and slowly pressed it. Pippin let out a long moan as Merry slowly pushed inside him. Merry was so big and he stretched and filled him completely. The oil created a gentle warming sensation and it stimulated both of them. Merry moaned as he pushed all the way inside Pippin, staying like that for a few seconds to allow Pippin's body to relax. Once Pippin relaxed, Merry pulled almost all the way out and plunged back in again, raising a loud moan from Pippin. Pippin's head spun and he gasped as Merry began thrusting into him. It felt so good and Pippin became super-sensitive between his legs. He could feel every contour of Merry's hard shaft and he felt every tiny movement at Merry bucked inside him. Merry captured Pippin in a bruising kiss, the passion burning inside him. Pippin wrapped his arms around Merry's neck and moaned into his mouth. Electrifying sensations pulsed through them both; they had barely begun and it was almost more than they could bear. Pippin ran his hands down Merry's back, which was slick with sweat. His skin was hot and smooth beneath Pippin's hands. Each time Pippin touched him, Merry moaned as pleasure pulsed through him. Pippin's breath came in feverish little gasps as Merry plunged into his core, each time nearly sending him over the edge, but not quite. Each time Merry thrust inside Pippin, he stopped just before he reached that one perfect spot inside him to make Pippin moan and writhe beneath him. He wanted to make this as amazing as he possibly could for Pippin, he wanted to hear him scream his name to the stars, he wanted this moment never to end. He loved Pippin more than anything in the world and now he could finally show it. "Oh, harder....faster." Pippin gasped, tilting his head back in ecstasy. Merry responded by making his thrusts longer and faster, still not hitting that perfect spot inside Pippin. Pippin fought the urge not to scream from sheer ecstasy as Merry continuously thrust into him. Merry gently ran his hands over Pippin's perfect body and took him into a hot, sloppy kiss. Pippin moved his lips against Merry's and let all the passion and love that he possessed come forward. Merry could feel this and he knew it as time. He knew it was time to make Pippin scream. He could tell that Pippin's body and mind could not stand anymore of this delicious torture and he pulled almost all the way out and plunged hard and fast into Pippin's core, finally at long last hitting that one perfect spot. Pippin let out a loud gasp as Merry bucked inside him and he felt the heat mount and mount until it finally burst forth into the most amazing, mind-blowing orgasm ever. He screamed and arched his back as the heat seized him and refused to let go until he screamed his love for Merry. "Oh, oh, oh, Merry, oh......MERRY!" Pippin screamed as Merry exploded, spilling his hot seed deep inside him. Pippin hadn't spilled his own seed yet as Merry withdrew from him and he reached down to pleasure himself, but Merry moved his hands away. He gasped as Merry took him into his mouth and gently sucked him. "Oh, God, Merry.....mmmmm, Merry." Pippin moaned