I do not own harry potter or any of its characters. This is my first fanfiction so go easy on me please. (this is the summer before 7th year) "Protago" Lily yelled, casting the shield charm just in time to deflect the lamp her sister had just thrown at her. Not once had Lily used magic in one of their fights, but this time she didn't have a choice. " Just leave FREAK! Take all your freakishness and get the fuck away from me! I never want to see you again. I wish you were never born" Petunia screamed at her sister. "Please Tuny, please stop. You don't mean that" Lily desperately pleaded with her sister. Lily slowly walked towards her petunia, arms raised in surrender and tried again. "please Petunia, just talk to me. We used to be best friends when we were little, why can't we try to get along?" "Because you are a FREAK! You are not normal. A mistake. You were not meant to be in this world. I'm done with you and your freakishness running my life. Mum and Dad might be blinded from the truth, but not me. I can see just how much you don't belong in the world. " "But I am your sister! We are supposed to be friends, we're supposed to accept each other the way they are." "Get it through your head, we are not sisters." And with that Petunia slapped Lily across her face leaving a bright red hand print her cheek. That is all it took to finally break Lily. She could take being called mean names, despite how much it hurt. But never had Petunia slapped her with that much hate. Lily used to believe that Petunia didn't actually hate her and that the name calling and mean comments were just a mask for the jealousy and hurt that had been slowly building ever since Lily received her acceptance letter and left her sister behind. But she now saw just how wrong she had been. The sisters stood there staring at each other, both were breathing heavily but only Lily had tears streaming down her face. Lily searched her sister's face for any sign of remorse, but her search came up empty. Something inside lily broke. She had to get out of there and away from the hate filled eyes that were currently staring relentlessly at her. Lily drew her wand, to one last glance around the now wrecked living room, turned on the spot and disapparated. Over the past two years she and James slowly became friends and Lily, though she would deny it to anyone who asked, began to have feelings for him. After the incident after the O.W.L.s , the day that sev- No Snape had called her that one unforgivable word, the day she lost her best friend. Even though she had lost him the moment they were sorted into different houses, the comment still hurt. Lily did lose a friend that day, she also gained one-well actually two, considering the fact the James and Sirius were a package deal. James had done something that Shocked Lily completely. He apologized. He apologized for teasing her, embarrassing her, playing mean pranks on her. He asked for a second chance, a chance to be friends. Lily looked up and saw the grand entrance gate of Potter Manor. She was slightly intimidated by it. It looked like something you would find guarding a castle with the tall metal rods and shinny family crest. Even though she and James were good friends, Lily was still surprised to see that this was the first place that come to mind when she disapparated. She then realized that she was quickly becoming drenched from the rain. Unsure of what she should do, she made a list of her options. Her best friend Marlene was in France with her family. Alice was currently visiting her boyfriend frank. Mary and Emma had four brothers and didn't really have room for her. It was almost the full moon so that took Remus out if the equation and Lily really wasn't close enough with her other friends to show up unannounced looking for a place to stay. And on top of all that she was beginning to become very wet and very cold. Lily hesitantly walked up to the large oak door, lifted her hand, and knocked. James Potter was sitting in his room playing exploding snap with Sirius, when he heard someone knocking on the front door. James couldn't Imagine who would be knocking on his door in the middle of a thunderstorm. Peter was visiting his grandmother and Remus had his furry little problem. he glanced at Sirius who just shrugged his shoulders. James grabbed his wand and cautiously made his way towards the door. When James opened the door he was completely baffled by what he saw. Standing there was Lily Evans, soaking wet and looking as if she had just tried to tame a wild hippogriff. "Lily What happened? What's wrong?" James frantically asked her. "Can I come in?" Lily mumbled, looking down at her shoes. "Yes, of course." He moved out of the way to let her through the door before closing it behind her. "Hey Prongs, who was at the door.." Sirius's voice trailed off when he caught sight of Lily. At the sound of his voice Lily glanced up, only then did James noticed the tear tracks, puffy red eyes, and worst of all the bright red hand print on here check. Sirius also noticed, but before James had a chance to ask what happened he blurted out, "bloody hell Evans, what the fuck happened to you?" Lily tried to answer but it was too much and all the tears she had been holding in came pouring out. James reached out and pulled her into his arms. She buried her face in his shoulder and let the tears fall. After several minutes Lily began to calm down and her sobs turned into hiccups. James gently lifted her up into his arms and carried her to the nearest couch. After setting her down on the couch, he turned to Sirius. "Go make some tea," James commanded. "Why me? I'm not a house elf and besides you are the one who can cook" "Yes. But unlike you, I'm less likely to make Lily cry again. So you get to make the tea." "fine. I'll make the tea, but I'm doing this for Lily. Not You. And I will not be wearing an apron." With that Sirius left for the Kitchens. Lily couldn't help but smile at the thought of Sirius, who sometimes referred to himself as the "manliest most handsome beast to ever walk Hogwart's halls" in a frilly maid outfit. James turned back towards Lily, only to find her standing behind him. "I'm sorry for bothering you and just showing up like this. I should go. I'm sorry for inconveniencing you like this." she tried to stand up and leave but James grabbed her arm. "Lily, stop. You are neither a bother nor an inconvenience. Now please sit down and tell me what's wrong so I can help you."Lily silently nodded her head and sat back down on the couch. She told him about the fight with Petunia and how a simple argument had become the biggest fight to go down between them. She told him about her sister slapping her, at this James had to use all his restraint to keep from cursing Petunia with every bad word he knew. She told him about how she was forced to use magic which only made things worse. At some point Sirius had returned, poured them all tea and sat down in an arm chair across from the couch James and Lily were sitting on. He took out a flask out of his pocket and poured some firewhiskey into his cup. Lily stared at him for a second before she stuck her cup out for him to do the same with hers. When Sirius just sat there staring at her, she quickly got Impatient. She reached across the coffee table, grabbed the flask right out of his hands and took a large sip from it. "what?" Lily asked when she saw both boys staring at her. "Well I guess there is a first time for everything" Sirius said with a shrug. "This is not the first time I've had a drink. Ask Marlene. I'm usually the first one drunk at sleepovers." The look of utter shock and utter bewilderment on their faces made Lily giggle. "I guess you're not as big of a goody-two-shoes as I thought you were" "There is a lot that you don't know about me." "Care to elaborate?" Lily was silent for a moment before she went on. "One of the first times I ever did magic, I was on the swings at the park swinging as high as I could and then I jumped off and let myself fly through the air. That's when my accidental magic kicked in and rather than falling and hurting myself I slowly floated to the ground." She said with a smile on her face. " I used to make flowers bloom in my palm and send then smoothly sailing through the air. Petunia hated it. She always hated my magic. She would always tell on me and Severus if we did something…'freakish.' Well not much has changed actually," Lily stated. "wait, you knew snape before Hogwarts?" James asked. "Yeah. When did you think we had met?" James just shrugged. "He saw me playing with the flowers and making them bloom and he figure out that I was a witch. He was the one who told me all about Hogwarts and magic." James let that sink in for a moment. It all made sense now. He used to wonder what Lily saw in him and why she would put up with him. Now he was beginning to understand. Snape was the one who explained who she was, he was her connection the magical world and her first friend in it. "Did you know that when I asked him if it mattered that I was muggleborn, he said no. I used to think that he actually was okay with my blood status, but now, to him I'm just another mudblo- " " NO! " James cut her off. " Never call yourself that Lily. Never you hear me?" James almost yelled at her. "Promise me. Lily promise me." Lily was a little taken aback. "I promise." They were all quiet for a minute before Lily spoke again. "In this world people hate me because I'm muggleborn, and to them that means I'm not magic enough. And then there is my sister hates me because I have magical blood. Because I'm a freak." " well if you're a freak, then I guess we that makes me and Prongs freaks too." Sirius said gravely. " alert the Daily Prophet, 'the world's most handsome man is a freak." And with that Lily could no longer keep it together, and burst out laughing. "This is no laughing matter" said James, "didn't you hear what he just said? I'm a freak. "I guess that also means that McGonagall is a freak, and Dumbledore's a freak. There is an entire world full of us magical freaks." "Well even if your sister does hate you, we don't" Sirius said. "Hell Prongsie practically worships the ground you walk on. There was one time in fifth year when he couldn't stop talking about how nice you hair smelled. And then there was the time when he talked non-stop about your ' beautiful green eyes.' And then there was the time with the jeans, and how they- " but James cut him off before he finished the sentence. "we get the point Padfoot!" "I want to know. What jeans? What happened?" Sirius went on to tell her many embarrassing