Hello there, Nara here. With a new story of Percy Jackson Fanfic. The Original character i used is come from my original story. This one follows the movie version. Why? Well, i couldn't find my first book unfortunately. So that's why i settled with the movie version. Though i'm currently reading the second book. I know there is a lot of difference between the movie and te books, and the movie skipped a lot of things. Like the battle with Ares. But please bear with it. Oh yeah, disclaimer. I have nothing but the Original Character You know, there is a moment when I believe that my life has been cursed, or some dark gods take offence from my existence and decide to make my life as miserable as possible. It all beginning after I save the world (again) by facing Redralca, the one who held the origin of magic and the title of strongest sorcerer and the God of Sorcery itself, by summoning a god be honest black hole that said could shallow the world itself. The forgotten and impossible spell, World Eaten by God. I should have died there and then. It's not a spell means for a mortal to use, not to mentions the injury I got from fighting her. But no. Amaterasu decide I should not died yet. She takes my battered form and nursed me to health. It took three months even for her to bring me to my health. And once again, Fate decide to throw another curve ball at me in the form of Susanoo who attacks Amaterasu's house when he's drunk! The stupid God decide to drink unholy amount of Liquor while chatting with Tsukiyomi. In worry, Amaterasu decide to transfer me to another place while she resolved the situation. That wouldn't be bad, no. In fact, it should give me a time to take a little break from all the magical problems. The problem? She transfer me to a certain museum where there's a three teens who is in the middle of FIGHTING THE HYDRA! "WHY IN THE SEVEN LAYERS OF HELL ARE YOU FIGHTING THE HYDRA!? NO, WHY THERE IS A HYDRA IN THE MUSEUM IN THE FIRST PLACE!?" I shouted out loud to the three person who's trying their best to prevent the hydra to eat their head. "This is not the time! I will explain after we finish this dragon here!" The one who have short blonde hair and aqua-blue eyes shouted back at me, using his shield to bash one of the Hydra heads. I sighed, flicked my hand to summon a wall of wind that blocking the fire that should roasted me alive. Now, what should I do I wonder. [You know.] A voice said from my head. [You could just summon the lightning bolt and electrocute this big lizards!] I inadvertently flinched by the sheer amount of voice the voice used. "While you're right," I mumbled, blocking another head with my sword. "I didn't want to demolished this museum and have to pay unholy amount of money for it!" "What should we do!?" The satyr shouted, ducked behind the pillar and narrowly avoided the Hydra sharp teeths. "Well, anyone knows how did Heracles beat that thing?" I asked, jumped back and flicked my hand to summon the flames and makes it flinched back. "He scorched the neck to make sure it's not grow back." The woman in blonde hair and grey eyes answered back. I nodded and turned my head to the first boy. "You cut the head, I burn the neck. Deal?" I asked, and the boy nodded. "Deal." And we sprung into actions. They boy dashed and fly, narrowly avoiding one of the head and cut it with his sword. I dashed at the same moment and raised my hand to the neck he just cut. "O sancta flamma, exaudi oratiónem meam, et consurgens conbures peccati in te coccino!" I chanted, and from my outstretched hand a burst of crimson flame flared and burned the neck, scorched it. The neck didn't grew again after that. "It worked!" The satyr exclaimed. I forced to roll back to dodge another head before that said head decapitated, courtesy to the boy sword. I didn't waste any time and summoned another fire to burn it, much weaker than the previous one but still enough to do the job. "Woho!" The boy shouted, seemingly as if he have the time of his life. I didn't blame him. It's not everyday you could cut Hydra necks. "Another!" The woman shouted, one precious second before another head spewed jet of flames to the boy. Fortunately, her warning does the job as the boy hurriedly using his shield to block the flames. While that said head busy with the boy, I used the distractions to used another head that attacked me as jumping board and slashed the head that attacked the boy before I flicked my left hand to burn the neck. Sadly, this one doesn't work because in the next moments two heads emerged from said neck. "What the!? It's not fair!" The boy whined before avoiding another head that barreled his way. "I got the pearl! Let's run!" The woman suddenly shouted. I turned my head and have to blink at the green pearls in her hands. What a powerful artifact doing in a place like this!? Is this some kind of secret museum!? The boy decide that yes, it's better to run away than have to face four headed Hydra, two can spewed fire from its unholy breath. I shrugged and run after them, summoning the wall of wind to block its advanced. "Open the door!" The satyr shouted, while the woman banging her fist to the door. "I won't open!" The woman shouted back desperately. Oh mother, are they idiot!? "Make way!" I shouted back, and they hurriedly comply without complain. I dashed towards the door and raised me free left hand towards it. "Framea tonitrui!" I shouted, and from my outstrecthed hand a lightning shot, blasted the door outward. The teens didn't waste any time as they hurriedly running outside, I closely follow behind. "Go to the car!" The boy shouted. We hurriedly entering the car. "Hurry Man!" He shouted, and the satyr hurriedly turned on the engine. [We won't make it in time.] Another voice calmly said from me head, this time silky and mature, and I can't help but nodded. The hydra already right behind us, and it won't take it ten seconds before it reached us. Oh well, we are already outside, so it's not like my previous limiter apply here. I raised my hand towards the sky and closed my eyes. "Ego is qui caelum potentiam dederit, praeter iudicium peccator." I chanted and opened me eyes as soon I finish it while bringing my down my hand to the hydra. The sky rumbled and from it fall the holy spear in the lighting form and completely engulfed the Hydra in its bright aching powers. And when it's gone, it's leave a ten meter crackers with the staggering form of hydra in the center. The lightning is not enough to kill it, but it enough to petrify it for a few minutes "De Immortales! That's awesome!" The boy whistled, and I can't help but puffed in pride. "As I thought, that magical prowess only possible for the childs of Hecate. You are another Demi-god aren't you?" The woman narrowed her eyes at me. I blinked in surprise at her sudden question. "Demi-God? Can't say I am." I replied back. Unfortunately, it's failed to placate said woman. "We can talk about it later, over food preferably. For now we should go before that hydra regain its control over its body." The satyr said as he began to drive the car away. Not to soon if I might add, if the sound of serene would be any indication. Soon we found ourselves in the restaurant, eating meat sticks and orange juices. I shallow the last part of my meal and then take a sip of my juices. "So," The woman began. "Could you tell us who are you and why are you in that place?" I ignored her in favor for my juices. This is quite good. I placed my juices in the table before taking a deep breath. "Nara Namikaze. Before I explain my side of story, I want to hear yours." I replied back. The three of them glanced at each other before nodded. "First of all," The woman began. "What did you know about Olympus?" And the woman began explaining everything. From their identity (The boy called Percy Jackson, the son of Poseidon. The woman called Annabeth Chase, the daughter of Athena, and the satyr called Grover Underwood) to the existence of Gods to the ordeal they're in. Thorough the story I keep my silent, closed my eyes to better understand their story. It takes her half an hour to finish explain things for me, and I can't help but frowned. "So you're saying…" I began saying, for the first time since she began explaining her situations. "That Zeus accusing you that you steal her master bolt, without prove I might add, and because of that Hades send Minotaur to kidnap your mother, and now you're in journey to collecting the pearls that can be used to send you away from underworld?" I asked, and all three of them nodded. I couldn't help but marveled at the apparent stupidity of Zeus. Then again, this comes from the one who always brings trouble in history, so I shouldn't be surprised. But still, "I didn't know Zeus were this stupid." I said out loud, earning a gasp from the three of them and a rumble of lightning from the sky. Not that I care. "You… You shouldn't use his name lightly, let alone insult him!" Annabeth chastise me, but I raised my hand to stop her. "It's the truth. Can't he realize that by proclaimed you're stealing his bolt, everyone would move to capture you and take it from you to overthrow him. And beside, accusing you without prove itself is already prove enough to his stupidity. And he even declaring a war against Poseidon. Without his master bolt, he's as good as done against Poseidon!" I said vehemently. Honestly, how can he become King of Gods again? Oh yeah, he trick his brother. The rumbled sound of thunder in the sky gotten louder, but again I ignore it. It's not like he could touch me, not with the ancient rule binding him. And even if he broke the rule and attacked me, it's not like I'm just a mere helpless mortal. The three teens in front of me seems trying their best to imitate the fish on the ground, and hence I decide to take another sip from my juice. Really good. I really ought to give a nice tip for the chef. "You…" Percy began, seems to be the first one who broke away from whatever spell that binding them. "You're insulting God! I don't know if it's called bravery or stupidity!" He exclaimed. "Bravery." I replied back. "Stupidity." The woman retorted back. I let out a long sigh before shakes my head. "Looks here, I'm gonna help you three to collecting the pearls, pick up your mother, and go straight to Olympus just so I could avoid being swept away in the War of Gods. Not pleasant things I tell you." I said. The woman narrowed her head warily at me. Good, it seems Annabeth is the brain behind this group. "And how could we trust you, son of Hecate?" She asked, and I couldn't help but raised my eyebrow at her question. He also called me such in the car before. "And what do you mean by I'm the son of Hecate?" I asked back. Annabeth snorted and crossing her hand in front of her breast. "Please, it is really