I've been milling this idea around for a couple years; never really taking a shape or a concrete identity but its decided it wants to play with my other stories as well. And who am I to deny its right to do so? Summary: Isabella has always been told she was "big boned"; always a little curvier than her other friends and never being able to fit in. Others, like Edward Cullen were less tactful, "you're fat Bella, plain and simple- pun intended." This is Bella's journey to self-confidence, self-acceptance and angry love. OOC, fluffy and future citrus. 4.12.13. Thank you sooo much to the girls at Project Team Beta for helping me out: Mod Monica, hammondgirl, Nlr287bells, TheSandWillPrevail, Batgirl8968. You know how everyone says "it takes a village to [blank]"? Yeah well it does take a village to write good fanfiction (if I do say so myself.) :] Disclaimer: This author in no way is gaining a profit from the use any published literature and/or other media. She rejects otherwise and it is for the sole entertainment of she and the website's- fanfiction dot net- audience. Edvard Grieg- Good Mood 1986. "Oh, Charlie, look at her," Renee Higginbotham-Swan told her misting husband as she held her exceptionally big newborn in her arms. Bouquets of every flower available at the town's flower shop and pink, white and yellow balloons were spread out in the small private hospital room declaring the baby a girl. "She's beautiful, Renee." Charlie leaned over his wife and kissed her forehead, putting some of her blonde hair behind her ear. Twenty hours of painful labor and an emergency cesarean later, his wife looked relieved and happy. Or so he thought. "What shall we name her?" "Esme and I were thinking about Olivia," Renee offered. The couple hadn't spoken about baby names, deciding to make a decision after the birth. "I like that name, sweetie, but how about Kelly?" Charlie asked hopeful. "It was my great-grandmother's name— you know the one that came over from Ireland in 1910?" Renee frowned. "In that case, I want her to carry my great-grandmother's name, Marie. She fled France during the first World War." She looked down at her pink bundle and mused, Kelly Marie Swan . Mulling it over soon caused her to frown. "I don't like the ring to it." "All right, she won't have Kelly Swan's name. How about my maternal grandmother, Isabella di Gallo? If we're talking about her carrying her family's heritage, we can focus on my mother's Sicilian roots," he offered. "How about looking into my German side?" Renee wasn't willing to let go of the reins; she'd always thought Charlie didn't think outside of the box—always focusing on following the rules. As any police trainee should , her conscience thought but her selfishness won out. "I've always loved the name Brigitta." "Yeah, if we want her to be part of The Sound of Music revival at the Forks Playhouse," Charlie uncharacteristically fought back. This was his daughter too, half of him, and he wasn't going to let Renee take that away from him. "I vote for Isabella Marie Swan." He put his foot down. Renee wanted to fight back, but looking into her husband's deep brown eyes, she saw nothing but determination. She still held out hope. Heaving a deep sigh she said, "All right, Charlie. Let's name her Isabella Marie." Charlie grinned, going back to seeing his sleepy baby. "Good solid name. Right, Isabella?" he asked the fat-cheeked baby. "Isabella..." Renee winced. Falling in love, marrying her high school sweetheart and having a baby soon after had made Renee very unhappy. She had begun arguing over insignificant things a month after the wedding which made Charlie worried she regretted her decision to stay with him instead of going to college in New York like she'd planned in high school. Charlie hoped their newborn would change Renee's attitude and make her realize that she'd made the right decision in marrying him and staying in Forks. "How about we name her Belle Marie? Doesn't that sound so romantic? Beautiful Mary." She wanted to manipulate him into saying yes. "No." Charlie knew that if he didn't stand his ground now, Renee would never take him seriously, especially now that the baby was here. This could cause authoritative issues when raising and rearing the child. "Isabella Marie." Renee pursed her lips, studying her defiant husband. Not that it was lost cause. "Okay, okay Isabella Marie." We'll call her Marie around the house, she thought bitterly. Charlie smiled at his victory but he knew deep inside Renee would try to undermine him somehow; his only chance was hoping and praying Isabella changed her way of thinking. He looked to Isabella Marie grinning from ear to ear. The baby was waking up and cooing lightly, taking in her new surroundings. "Hi, Isabella Marie Swan," he whispered, having a delicate hold on the baby's chubby fingers. She had come into the world weighing nine-pounds, eight-ounces, making her a little big for a newborn and causing Renee to have the emergency cesarean. "Nice to meet you, beautiful." Charlie felt his throat close up. "I'm Charlie Swan, your daddy." Isabella looked at her father without much recognition, of course. To her, this creature was just that, some indescribable thing that was bothering her sleeping. "This is your mommy," Charlie went on. "Charlie, she doesn't understand a word you're saying." Renee rolled her eyes and readjusted Isabella in her arms. "Renee, I'm going to speak to her in sentences. I I don't think baby talk helps anything, and Carlisle said as much, too." He added proudly. The new—and youngest—lead doctor of the little Forks Hospital, Carlisle Cullen, told him that studies had shown baby talk hindered the early development of the cognitive thought process of babies, hence never speaking to his own children in "cute gibberish." "But do you really think she understands you introducing us? She's only a few hours old!" Renee whispered, causing Isabella to cry. "Look what you've done!" Renee accused Charlie, trying to rock Isabella and suddenly feeling nervous. "Call the nurse; I don't know what I'm doing!" Charlie didn't need telling twice. He ran out and grabbed the nearest nurse and brought her back to room 106. "Don't worry, Renee, she's just hungry," Nurse Gunderson said as she took out a breast pump, making Charlie uncomfortable and hot. "Now do you want to try to get the baby to latch on, or do you want to pump?" "I'd rather the pump." Renee looked at Isabella as if she was a foreign object. "I'm not ready to feed her myself." Charlie looked away, blood pooling in his cheeks as Mrs. Gunderson helped his wife begin to use the breast pump. "Charlie, you'll need to help Renee whenever she uses the pump, though." This might prove difficult since Charlie was an introverted sheepish man, but his daughter came first. Renee didn't believe he would be willing to help her out; he was very awkward and too straight-laced to even come close to anything so personal. Charlie had always been nervous around anything remotely taboo. Their sex life was to the point, not really exploring their tastes or fantasies, leaving Renee feeling empty and lonely. She knew Charlie loved her, but he'd never moved on from his thirteen-year-old boy's view on girls and intercourse. That's the problem , thought Renee, it's intercourse with Charlie, not sex. Medical versus exciting and fun. Not being able to take much more of it, Charlie excused himself, saying he needed to fill out Isabella's federal forms. She had been born in the early hours of September 13th,making a usually not-superstitious Charlie nervous. No, Isabella is my lucky charm , he thought, willing himself to remember it was all hokum. Besides, she wasn't even born in October. Isn't that the true month of bad luck? "Charlie!" Carlisle Cullen walked towards him, medical chart in hand, wearing a white coat and stethoscope around his neck, stopping Charlie's thoughts. "Congratulations, my man!" He shook a smiling Charlie's hand and gave him a hug. "She's a beautiful, healthy girl!" He looked through the chart, green eyes sparkling. "A little bigger than anticipated, but nothing to worry about; her vitals are great and nothing seems out of the ordinary." He grinned. "How often should we bring her by for checkups?" "Renee won't be discharged until Tuesday, giving her three days' rest and time with the nurses to help her get accustomed to the baby. I would say come by two week's Tuesday." "Great, I'll make sure to bring them by." He remembered something and chuckled. "By next month, it'll be your turn again." Charlie thought of Carlisle's wife Esme, who was eight months pregnant herself. She and Renee had gone to school together and had stayed in touch since then. Carlisle ran his hand behind his neck looking sheepish. "Yeah, it's going to be a girl. To tell you the truth, I'm really nervous." Charlie cocked an eyebrow. "I think two boys are easy, you know? There isn't much to raising boys except teaching them how to treat a lady and how to wrap it." Charlie blushed slightly but said nothing. Carlisle went on, "with girls, it's more complicated." Charlie nodded, realization dawning for the first time. All of the female talks are going to be torture. We'll cross that bridge when we get there and besides, Renee will be there to help me out . He wiped his palms on his sides. "Did you decide on a name?" Carlisle recognized the look of dread on Charlie's face and decided to change the subject. He led the new father to the front office where they held all of the federal forms. "Yes, Isabella Marie Swan," he announced proudly. He felt an indescribable amount of pride and happiness erupt inside of him. "Wow, what a beautiful name!" Carlisle nodded. "Does it have a meaning behind it?" "Well, I'm sure each name has its own specific meaning. But we named her after Isabella, my maternal grandmother, and Marie after Renee's great -grandmother." "I have to say, Charlie, it really is a beautiful name." They reached the front desk and requested the forms for Charlie to begin filling out. "The U.S. Social Security Administration will send you a letter requesting you to go to the nearest Social Security Office, the closest being in Port Angeles," Carlisle informed Charlie before beginning to fill a folder of official-looking forms. "There, they'll fingerprint her and further the paperwork; her social security card should be mailed to you in the next two months, depending on how long it takes them to process her information. Same goes for her birth certificate and the like." "Understood." Charlie nodded, but he was thinking of something else. "Listen, Carlisle, I've been planning a surprise welcome party for both Renee and Isabella, and I was wondering if you and your family could come. Esme is good friends with Renee and well," he became red at the next admission, "I consider you a good friend, too. I would love it if you came." Carlisle beamed and shook his hand. "I agree, Charlie, and we'd be more than happy to come over. When do you plan to have it?" "Next Saturday. My house." He suddenly remembered something. "You know where we just moved to, right?" "Esme mentioned you moved from Mr. Harkin's back house to a small Dutch colonial somewhere on Tulip Drive?" he asked, thinking about it. "That's right, 690 East Tulip Drive," he corrected. He bought it from Mr. Harkin's nephew after he moved to Cincinnati and needed it off his hands." "The Hales live two blocks away; that's a great neighborhood. Carlisle commented approvingly. Charlie grinned yet again. "Yeah, it's a great little house and I got it at a good price." "How's the training going, by the way?" Carlisle leaned against the wall. "It's going great. I finished most of