Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson or any characters mentioned in this story. All rights go to Rick Riordan. This is all purely made up and written for entertainment. How It All Began Third-Person POV Running. Running like Hades himself was after him. Then again, he would know what that's like considering that happened on his first quest when he was twelve. Percy didn't know where he was running to, all he knew was that he had to get away, he had to run from the pain, the hurt, the betrayal that he felt at the hands of what he had considered his friends, his family, the people he had been able to depend during the war or when the life of a demigod got to be too much. After running for what felt like hours, he finally collapsed to his knees in front of a giant lake, silent tears trailing down his cheeks while he gulped down air from the arduous run he just put himself through. The water of the lake was churning, as if the very water was restless and reacting in the presence of the son of their master. Percy didn't realize that his mood was affecting the water, reflecting the emotions that were currently flowing through his body like a raging Minotaur. Of course he knew that as a child of one of the Big Three that he was more powerful than the average demigod, and being the son of Poseidon he was linked to his element of water, yet he had no idea of how powerful he has truly become. Only Poseidon and Triton were ever showed to be linked with the water in such a way that it reflected their moods. Percy had indeed grown in power over the last several years and it shows. Lifting up his eyes to stare at the unruly lake, his once bright, sea green eyes that once showed happiness, mirth, and a sarcastic attitude were now a dull, listless pale green filled with pain, hurt and betrayal. As he stared off into the distance, his ADHD addled brain flashed back to when all his problems began. Flashback- Standing in the throne room of Olympus, the Seven plus Nico were standing in front of the twelve fifteen-foot tall Olympians, the power radiating from them just as overwhelming as when Percy and Annabeth were fourteen when the gods were deciding their fate of whether they lived or died. In a temporary throne off to the side a little ways, the Lord of the Underworld, Hades sat giving off an aura of death. Beside him, the hearth was crackling and blazing with Hestia, goddess of the Hearth and home, was sitting in her eight-year old form, smiling warmly at the demigod heroes; especially her favorite demigod, Percy, after he showed her the respect that many overlooked of the child-sized goddess. All the gods and goddesses were staring at this group of demigods with varying looks; some proud and in respect, some in admiration, and others with bored looks, cough~Dionysus~cough. Finally, Zeus called the meeting to order with a roll of thunder sounding throughout the room. " Demigods!" he bellowed, "For your brave deeds in the war with Gaea and for helping to slay the Giants, we the council wish to bestow upon you, brave heroes, special rewards for your services!" " Jason Grace, my son!" Zeus yelled as he shifted into his Roman form, Jupiter. "My son, for being one of the leaders on this quest and for showing great leadership and perseverance, I wish to bestow upon you gift of immortality and to be an immortal trainer at Camp Jupiter alongside Lupa. I would also like to take you on as an apprentice to further develop your powers." Percy smiled at his friend as he saw the awe-struck look on his face. On the Argo II, when Jason and Percy first met, it had been a bit awkward at first meeting for both of the sons of two of the Big Three, wondering which of the two is the stronger. But as the trip went on, they both became great friends, bonded through their mutual experiences of leading their respective camps in a war, looking out for their friends and family, and sharing the burden of leadership. Jason looked at his father and then turned to look into the kaleidoscope eyes of his girlfriend Piper. The beautiful, Cherokee daughter of Aphrodite looked back at her boyfriend with pride in her eyes, grabbing his hand, giving it a tiny squeeze, and then nudged him forward. Jason bowed to his father. "My Lord…Father, I accept." He replied. Jupiter's smile threatened to split his face as he motioned him forward. Jupiter's eyes began to glow a sky blue while flashes of lighting ran across the blue as his hands began to glow. Suddenly, a bolt of blue light with lightning curled around it, blasted out of Jupiter's hands and struck Jason in the chest, where it was absorbed into Jason's body. An aura of blue surrounded Jason as his eyes flashed with new power and his body shined with immortality making his blonde hair seam to gleam and his face become more handsome. After getting over the new rush of power flowing through his veins, Jason stepped back into line next to Piper. " Piper my daughter!" Aphrodite nearly squealed in excitement. "For your bravery and charm-speaking skills, and for catching yourself one hunk of a man in Jason" At this, many of the gods rolled their eyes while Piper and Jason blushed crimson, "I would like to give you immortality as well, along with strengthening your charm speaking skills" She finished of with a brilliant smile. After her blush settled down, Piper looked at Jason with happiness in her eyes, knowing that now they could be together for eternity and could start a life without worrying about being separated by death. "My Lady, I accept your offer," she answered with barely contained happiness. Aphrodite squealed in joy in joy, causing the gods and the demigods to cover their ears, lest they suffer hearing loss. Aphrodite eyes began to glow pink with the power of love and a beam of pink light shot out her hands and wrapped around Piper. After the light dissipated, Piper was now glowing with beauty and with the power of her mother's domains. After adjusting from the transition from mortal to immortal, she turned to face Jason and was pleased when she saw the dumbstruck look on his face as he drank in her new beauty. She walked up to him and gave him a light kiss on the lips, which caused his eyes to glaze over slightly. "Close you mouth or you'll catch flies," she smirked as she closed his open jaw. He blushed while everyone laughed and he pulled Piper into a hug with his arms wrapped around waist as she leaned into his chest. " Leo Valdez," the god of the forge said standing, his metal leg brace creaking as he stood. "Boy, you have done well. Building the Argo II and controlling your fire powers, you probably did better than most of my automatons." Hephaestus said with a stoic look on his face, but everyone could tell that he was proud of his son. The little Latino elf looked up with a goofy smile on his face while his clothes were covered in machine grease and oil. He was happy about the accomplishments and compliments that his father said about him. " For your reward, I too would like to make you immortal, give you better control over you fire abilities and would like to offer you a place at my side as my apprentice" Hephaestus said. Leo was nearly bursting with excitement as so many ideas flooded into his mind about what he could help his dad build, starting with the Archimedes sphere that he found in that workshop with Frank and Hazel. " I accept dad. Now I can spend eternity wooing the ladies," Leo said with his usual goofy flourish, while his friends chuckled and some of the gods rolled their eyes but cracked little smiles. Hephaestus's stoic expression morphed into a small smile as his eyes glowed red and his beard and whiskers caught aflame. A bolt of red shot out at Leo, hitting him. When the light cleared, Leo was cleaned of his usual grease and oil, but his hair had a slight fiery light to it, his eyes now had a calculating, mechanical look as his mind was cooking up new projects and his hands were twitching even more. He then pulled out some nuts, bolts, and wires, and took a seat at the bottom of his dad's throne. " Frank Zhang!" The war god yelled as he too shifted into his Roman aspect, Mars. "My son, for the strength, tactics, and bravery you have shown on the battle field, I have decided that I shall lift your curse. No longer shall your life be tied to a burnt stick. You are a valuable warrior and I could not be more proud of you." Mars said smiling with a salute to his son. Frank just stood there stunned. All his life he had feared that his life would go up in flames due to a stupid little stick. Never had he dreamed that he would ever be free from his curse, never had he dreamed that he could live a normal life (Well, as normal as one for a demigod) without worrying that his stick would catch fire and he felt a broad grin spread across his face. He bowed to father, still grinning and replied, "Thank you father. This is the best gift you could have given me and I will continue to make you proud." Mars smiled at his son. "Take out the stick Frank." Mars said. Frank reached into his coat pocket and pulled out the half burned stick. Mars' eyes glowed a blood red as a blood red beam of light shot out of his hands and struck the stick. Frank could suddenly feel his connection to the stick break and he let out a yell of pure elation. He then took at seat at the base of his dad's throne. " Hazel Levesque and Nico di Angelo," The Lord of the Dead proclaimed as he shifted between his two aspects till he landed on Pluto. " Hazel, for you efforts in the war, talent with the mist, and your battle with Clytius the Giant, I too wish to remove your curse over gems and to grant you more control over you powers of all precious metals under the earth," Pluto said with pride shining in his eyes, "I also want you to know that the gods have decide to grant you amnesty from the Underworld and you can live a long, happy life." Hazel was speechless. Her biggest fear was to return to the Underworld after the war was over. Tears of joy began to fill her eyes and she stuttered out, "Th-tha-thank you father." Nico pulled his sister into a hug; so glad that he won't be losing another sister and that they can spend more time together. " Nico di Angelo, my son," Hades said as he shifted back to his Greek aspect. "Even though you were not part of the Seven, you still found the Doors of Death, your efforts in the war shall not go overlooked. I would like to bestow the title of Ghost King upon you along with Prince of the Underworld! You shall become immortal and my Heir should I ever fade. What do you say my son?" Hades Proclaimed with pride in his voice and a rare smile on his face. Nico, like his sister, was struck speechless as he heard the reward that was being given to him. He finally composed himself as he bowed to his father, straightened himself and replied,