Wilder Mind By: politelycynical She was lugging the last of her crates up to her dorm room from her reliable 1991 Golden Volvo 940. The dorm didn't have an elevator, which would have been fine except she had been up and down the stairs about ten times, and she was on the fourth floor in Room 417. As she kicked her foot out to catch the stairwell door that was slamming shut, she considered that she probably should have let her father drive her to school like he had wanted. She just didn't think she could handle him getting weepy on her again . So, she had told him that it was fine, and she could handle it. She had assured him that she would call when she got there, right before pulling out of the driveway and seeing him in her rearview with tears in his eyes. She was exhausted. Her father had splurged to get her a single occupancy dorm. He knew her too well. Hermione liked her privacy, and she liked the quiet. They both felt that it was worth the extra money to keep her from getting expelled for having a temper tantrum on some talkative co-ed that didn't know how to hush during study time. Of course, the downside was that even though her room was fairly tiny, she was still able to bring far more than she really needed. She had brought as much of her clothing as she could so that she would have more time between laundry days. Then, she had stuffed her relatively large trunk with any of the books that she thought she absolutely needed ( which was pretty much all of them). Needless to say, her arms felt like weak noodles after carrying box after box up flights and flights of stairs. She stopped at the third landing, held her heavy crate up against the wall, and shook her arms out quickly before sighing and trudging up the final staircase of the night. The fourth floor hallway was largely deserted. Some students wouldn't be arriving for a few days, and many others had already turned in for the night. The fluorescent lights made everything look harsher and made her deeply miss her bedroom at home. As she passed the ajar door beside her own, she heard a girl's sultry purr. "Gonna show me what you're made of, Weasley?" Hermione stiffened up in the hallway, her tired arms protesting loudly. Was this a coed dorm ? She hadn't meant to sign up for a coed dorm. She heard a man chuckle huskily. "Oh, I'm going to make you beg first." Hermione couldn't stop herself from peeking in through the open doorway. He was tall with obscenely large shirt was in the middle of the floor. He yanked his leather belt recklessly out of his jeans. It cracked like a whip as it was flung to his absent dorm mate's bed carelessly. He grabbed the leggy, blonde by her shins and dragged her across the bed, pressing his jeans against her panties and grinding against her roughly. She moaned loudly under him. Hermione gulped and couldn't tear her eyes away. That is -until the girl's eyes met hers. "Excuse me!" She shrieked. He turned to her slowly, a predatory glint in his eyes as he sauntered to the door. His jeans were riding low on his hips. He shut the door until the rest of the room was blocked. Her eyes trailed down his chest, devouring the manly happy trail that disappeared above his unbuttoned jeans. His arms looked even larger up close. "Jessica doesn't like to share," His voice was low and gravelly with lust. "But if you want to wait in the hallway until we're done, I'm sure I can pencil you in." He smirked. His thumbs were in his pockets, effectively framing his piece for her benefit. She snorted loudly, suddenly shaken out of her stupor– what a berk. "No thanks, Casanova." "Are you sure? It won't take long." He bit his lip, his eyes scanning down her body. She raised her eyebrows and smirked at him. "You're advertising yourself really well." "What?" He tilted his head. "Fuck—I mean—That came out wrong." "Keep your door closed." Hermione scolded him before turning heel without another glance and walking to her dorm. "I'm not quick or anything, okay?!" He called after her loudly. "I can go all night!" "Goodnight, Jessica!" She sang over her shoulder, cackling when she closed her door. She dumped the box in the corner with the others, and quickly made her bed. Tomorrow she would get up, unpack a little, and then take a much needed shower. Until then, she needed to sleep so that she would be fresh for class tomorrow. As she settled into her surprisingly comfortable bed, her eyes closed almost immediately, exhaustion taking over her. Two minutes later the headboard from the adjoining room started slamming into the shared wall in a steady rhythm. Huh , she thought hours later. Apparently, he really could go all night. She was completely fucked. Just so, so fucked. That dickhead – that Weasley had kept her up half the night, making Jessica practically weep over him again and again and again . And- AND - at 3:00 AM, the racket had finally— FINALLY —stopped. But, by four, she had heard giggles, a low rumbling, and then the squeaking of a mattress . "Some of us have class in four hours, you asshole!" She yelled loudly, banging her fist on the asylum-white wall. She could hear them laughing- LAUGHING- after that. The absolute nerve of some people. Which was, of course, why ten minutes earlier she had awoken in a frightening panic to discover that it was 7:55. She had rushed around her room, throwing her hair up in a skewed messy bun. She quickly jumped into jeans and tossed a hoodie over the white shirt she had slept in. She stepped into her shoes, pulling them over her heels as she dashed out of the door. After that she was just a blur of messy hair while she ran full-speed across campus. She yanked the classroom door open. She was breathless and her bun had worked its way halfway out of the elastic. Professor Higgins sighed loudly. "Every year." He pinched the bridge of his nose. "There's always one of them." The class was seated, staring at her. She glanced at her watch- 8:10. She was late— horribly, horribly late. This was a tragedy. Just a fucking tragedy. "Professor, if I could just explain, there was this guy—" she sputtered, pushing her hair out of her eyes. "Yes, I've heard it a million times, Miss. I'm sure he's just wonderful, " he started. "No, you don't understand-" Hermione interrupted. "Take your seat, Miss..." He looked at her expectantly. "Granger. Hermione Granger," she said quietly. "Miss Granger. Please sit down and stop wasting our time," he scolded her coldly before turning back to the whiteboard. She wasn't going to cry. She could handle a teacher not liking her. Even one as illustrious as Stewart Higgins . Yeah. She could handle that. Her classmates hid smiles behind her hands as Hermione zeroed in on the only empty seat. It was really just her fucking luck. Weasley was looking up her, appearing well rested and put together in a teal hoodie and snug jeans. He look up at her with a smile on his face. He adjusted his hair nervously with his left hand before moving his book bag and pulling the chair out for her. The nerve. She glared at him harshly, and he looked back at her in bewildered confusion. She scooted the seat away from him pointedly, and reluctantly sat down in what was really her only choice of seating. Her back was ramrod straight as tried to listen to Professor Higgins explain the syllabus. Of course, it was a little hard to pay attention when the fury was pouring out of her in waves. How dare he? Just – How dare he keep her up all night and then show up to class before her, looking like he had just slept ten hours? She knew for a fact that he didn't go to sleep until 4:30 because she had stared at her bedside clock until her eyes were red the night before. And- AND- How dare he look at her like he didn't deserve her wrath? He deserved a hell of a lot more than an angry look. He deserved much, much worse. He was paying rapt attention and taking notes in the margins of his syllabus as the professor made addendums to the schedule and noted outside reading materials. She didn't even have a syllabus, she thought grumpily. The professor must have given them out when class started. "Take note of where you're sitting, because your table-mate will be your lab partner for the rest of the semester." Her eyes snapped up in horror. "No exceptions." No. Weasley glanced at her warily as she seethed at him again. "You're all dismissed. I'll see you on Wednesday," Higgins said as he started to pack up his briefcase. The class filed out quickly, bottlenecking at the door. She approached the podium. "Excuse me, Professor Higgins." He sighed loudly again. She felt her stomach drop. She was apparently a bother. "Miss Granger." "I'm very sorry that I was late. I had a really bad morning, and I promise that it won't ever happen again," She told him nervously. "I hope not. Listen, Miss Granger. I know that the first semester of college can be overwhelming, but you won't make it if you don't take your classes seriously," he scolded her sternly. She rushed to correct him. "I promise, Sir. I take school very, very seriously. I overslept this morning because—" "Please, I have heard every excuse you could possibly think up. I don't need to hear it." He sat his briefcase back on his desk and opened it. He handed her a crisp copy of the syllabus. "Try to be responsible, Miss Granger, or you won't be in my class for very long. Chapter One assignments are due next class. I trust you'll have them completed- or don't, it doesn't matter to me," he said icily before leaving. She couldn't believe it. She had planned this out for years. And now he hated her. Stewart Higgins. THE Steward Higgins hated her. She was supposed to be his best student and get the enviable T. A. position that he offered for only his best and brightest. And now- now he completely loathed her. She had fucked up her whole life—she would never get his recommendation, and in four years, she wouldn't get into Rutgers for med-school. Would any med-school take her with mediocre recommendations? Everything was just completely fucked. "Hey there, partner." His voice was deeper than she remembered it from the night before. When she spun around she noticed flecks of barely visible scars branching out on his left cheekbone that she hadn't seen previously. He shuffled nervously from foot to foot. "I'm George Wea-" "Weasley. Yeah- I know." She said shortly. He smiled at her nervously, running a hand through his shaggy red hair. She huffed loudly and snatched her bag off of the table. She took a moment to cautiously deposit the syllabus that Higgins had graciously given her. And then she stormed off. "Hey!" George called out as he followed her. "Granger, wait up!" She shuffled down the stairs to the first floor hastily. His long legs won out over her shorter ones. He reached out and touched her shoulder. "Hold on—" "You can take your hand off of me right now, Weasley," she spat out as she spun around to face him, her hair wildly frazzled around her. He had ruined everything. His eyebrows shot up. "Um- I'm sorry. Have I done something to offend you?" She glowered at him, whispering harshly,