Disclaimer – I solemnly swear that JKR owns everything Harry Potter. Whether or not I am up to no good with her characters is for you to decide. -oOoOo- Author's Note: This story, United We Stand … , follows Harry, Hermione and co.'s fifth year of magical education. Please note that United We Stand … is the fifth book in the Cupboard Series. The full series so far consists of: Book 1: The Cupboard Under the Stairs Book 2: Hermione's Book Nook Book 3: Potter Haven Book 4: The Fourth School . I caution you that without having read the four previous stories, some of this story may be hard to follow. Enjoy. -oOoOo- United We Stand … Chapter 1 "Are you sure you want you do this?" Harry Potter looked sidewards at the girl whose fingers were interlocked with his own as the two of them walked down the middle of the street. Hermione was his rock, his anchor and the fact that she had a look of concern and uncertainty on her face made him second guess their purpose there. Knowing the fact that the two of them, a witch and a wizard, were in the middle of this muggle neighbourhood, where, if the nice, normal everyday people behind the neat, cardboard cut-out homes knew what they were would send them into a panic, made him question his decision. The fact that those very same people would never know, or be able to tell, was actually some comfort. For, even though Harry Potter and Hermione Granger were magical, they could pass for 'normal' in the non-magical world. They knew how to dress. They knew how to blend in. They even knew to keep their magical wands in the disillusioned holsters strapped to their arms unless it was an emergency. The reason that the two of them knew how to blend in so well was because neither knew that they were magical until their eleventh birthday. That was when their whole world changed in the guise of a green-inked envelope inviting them to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry as students. That was the start of the most amazing four years of their lives so far. They'd walked through brick walls into hidden alleys filled with magical shops that sold everything from wands to cauldrons to pet toads. They'd discovered a whole new currency at the great marble bank run by goblins. They'd lived in a magic school hidden inside an ancient castle. Harry had become a Quidditch sports star, a game played on brooms with six goal posts and four balls. And then there were the people and creatures that they'd met during those four years. The first magical person that Harry'd met was the half-giant, Hagrid – a more gentle person he'd never met, even if he did have a fixation with large dangerous animals. Currently, Hagrid was living in a dragon preserve in Romania. The first person that Hermione'd met happened to be their current Headmistress, Minerva McGonagall, who had the ability to turn herself into a tabby cat with the barest thought. Of course, they'd made plenty of friends their own age, too. Their best friend, Neville had grown up in the magical world and would be as lost out in the non-magical world as Harry and Hermione had been when they'd first entered the magical world. But put him in a greenhouse filled with magical plants that wanted to eat you and he'd be right at home. Beside the greenhouses back at the manor where their new school used to be housed was an enormous domed area filled with magical creatures. The pride of the school were the pair of diricawl, otherwise known in the non-magical world as 'dodos'. Then there were the garden gnomes, real life creatures that looked like potatoes; the burrowing nifflers who loved anything that glitters; and all the rest. Even after all this time, both Harry and Hermione still found so much to be amazed about. All of that was, obviously, a long, long way from where they currently were, which, incidentally, was on the very street that Harry had grown up on. This street, Privet Drive, by name, in the village of Little Whinging in the district of Surrey, held no good memories for Harry. After his parents had been murdered on that fateful Halloween when he was only fifteen months old, he'd been dumped on the doorstep of his mother's sister and her husband in the middle of the night. That was the start of ten long years for Harry, years filled with an unending supply of chores, everything from gardening to cleaning to cooking, all from the age that he could reach or hold the needed utensils. Those years had been incredibly dark, literally so at night, when he'd been locked inside the cupboard under the stairs. That cupboard had been his bedroom until his Hogwarts letter had come. After that, he'd been moved into his cousin Dudley's second bedroom, a room full of broken junk where locks had been added to the outside of the door to keep him in unless there were chores to be done. "Harry?" Hermione prompted, reminding him that she'd asked a question some time ago. It was then that Harry looked up to see number four, his old home. The last time that he'd seen it had been at night nearly three years ago. Then, he'd been flying away from it on his broom, all his most prised possessions inside the knapsack on his back and his owl, Hedwig, leading the way. That had led to the start of the most action-packed years of his life. He'd discovered his heritage; financed a bookshop cum coffee shop business; battled a sixty-foot basilisk in the depths of the school, along with the shade of the darkest wizard in living memory; blasted his Headmaster into a wall in King's Cross Station; gone on the run from the law for an entire year; been hit with the killing curse again (and survived, obviously); started a new school; and was a barely a few weeks away from officially being an animagus. And now he was back. Not because he wanted to be but because he felt that he owed it to himself and to his mother. He knew that if something happened and he hadn't done all that he could, he'd never forgive himself. The fact that he was also doing it for his Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia and his bullying cousin, Dudley, was something that he was currently ignoring. Two weeks ago, that same dark wizard that he'd already banished three times now – once as a fifteen month old, and twice at Hogwarts – had returned. Exactly how he'd manage that feat was anyone's guess, although it included the death and decapitation of the Minister of Magic. And in the first act of terror that Lord Voldemort had orchestrated, he'd sent the Minister's head back with a warning and a threat. A threat that named Harry as one of the ones that he would be targeting. Along with every friend and family member that he had. The fact that the Dursleys were the only living family that Harry had left had brought him here today. They were at risk of being tortured or killed and they didn't even know it, let alone have any defence against the magic that dark witches and wizards could bring against them. "Harry?" Hermione asked for the second time. He looked at her then, opened his mouth, cleared his throat and finally answered her. "It's the right thing to do." Neither of them pointed out that that wasn't exactly an answer to the question that she'd asked. Hermione nodded and Harry gave the smallest of smiles knowing that Hermione understood him so well. It was a short, silent walk then that took them from where they were to the front of number four, up the garden path and to standing in front of the door. Harry paused, momentarily unsure what to do. This had been his home for more than a decade, well, perhaps home was too strong a word, but it was where he'd lived for most of his life. Then, before he could change his mind, he raised his fist and knocked firmly on the door. The sound of bustling on the other side of the door immediately preceded the door being opened and the appearance of a horse-faced woman with a neck like a giraffe smiling down at them, a smile that almost instantly morphed into an expression of pure horror mixed with loathing. "Hello, Aunt Petunia," Harry quickly said into the silence. This was obviously the wrong thing to say. "YOU!" she shrieked, causing the two teens to wince. Unfortunately, her outburst caused a lumbering walrus to huff into view. "Hello, Uncle Vernon," Harry said. "YOU!" Vernon bellowed, repeating his wife's accusation, before his beady eyes darted over their shoulders to peer up and down the street and dropping his voice to a menacing hiss. "You've got some nerve coming here, boy! Especially after the state that you left the house in the last time you were here. Do you know how much that cost to get fixed?" "Um, yeah, I … I wanted to apologise about that," Harry said, running a nervous hand along the back of his neck. "Mister and Mrs Dursley, may we come in?" Hermione asked. Vernon's eyes snapped to her before raking up and down her body. "I take it she's a freak like you?" he accused. "Hermione is a witch, if that's what you mean," Harry answered, the warning clear in his voice. His Aunt Petunia, though, didn't seemed phased by it in the slightest. "We'll not have people like you inside our house," she sniffed. "Have it your way, then," Harry replied, "but there's some things that you need to know and I'm not leaving until I've told you." "Are you certain that this is a conversation that you want held on your porch for all your neighbours to see and hear?" Hermione asked. Once again, Uncle Vernon's eyes darted past them to the houses across the street and to either side of them. "Right, get in, but make it quick," he ordered. "We'll not have you here any longer than necessary." Grudgingly, the two Dursleys stepped back, allowing Harry and Hermione entry into their home. As soon as the doorway was clear, Harry closed the door and then led Hermione towards the living room where his aunt and uncle had promptly disappeared into. As he passed the door to the cupboard under the stairs, Harry resolutely stared forward, determined not to acknowledge its existence in the slightest. The house was as immaculate as Harry remembered. There was no hint of dust anywhere and everything – pictures, knickknacks, and doilies – were in their remembered places. In fact, the only indication that any time had passed at all since Harry had been there were the new pictures of a slightly older Dudley dotting the walls and mantle. Harry led Hermione to the couch that had been left for them – the two armchairs being appropriated by his aunt and uncle. Even then, Harry only sat on the very edge, as though ready to spring up at a moment's notice. Tea was neither offered, nor expected. "Well, say your piece and get out," Vernon snapped. "We wouldn't be here if you weren't in danger," Harry began. "Danger? What danger?" Petunia asked. "Danger from freaks like you?" Vernon scoffed. "We live perfectly normal lives, thank you very much! If there's any danger, then it's you being here that'll bring it." In some way, Harry knew that his uncle was right. But in others, he was dead wrong. Suddenly, a thought occurred to him. "Where's Dudley? He really needs to be here to hear this, too." "Dudley's out," Petunia stated. "And he doesn't need to be corrupted by you," Vernon