Disclaimer – I solemnly swear that JKR owns everything Harry Potter. Whether or not I am up to no good with her characters is for you to decide. -oOoOo- Author's Note: This story, Castle Voldemort, follows Harry, Hermione and co.'s sixth year of magical education. Please note that Castle Voldemort is the sixth book in the Cupboard Series. The full series so far consists of: Book 1: The Cupboard Under the Stairs Book 2: Hermione's Book Nook Book 3: Potter Haven Book 4: The Fourth School Book 5: United We Stand … I caution you that without having read the five previous stories, much of this story may be hard to follow. Enjoy. -oOoOo- Castle Voldemort Chapter 1 Bright eyes peeked out from under the low-hanging branches. From the position that they were in, it was impossible for the men and creatures patrolling the expansive grounds in front of the castle to see them. It helped that tonight, what little light the crescent moon would be putting out, was hidden behind some convenient clouds. Ahead of him, maybe less than three or four body lengths away, were the great wards that had protected these lands for millennia, wards that had recently had a major upgrade. To cross them would mean instant death. Usually. Thankfully, there was one flaw, a flaw that was soon to be utilised. Seeing that the grounds were as sparse as they were going to get, the eyes shut briefly, a silent prayer going up. Opening his eyes, the mongoose looked left and right, taking in the shapes of those around him, both big and small. Small eyes; sharp eyes; hard eyes; fierce eyes; and even eyes doing their best to hide their fear all looked back at him. Heads nodded, giving the agreed upon signal. It was time. -oOoOo- Six days previously … Harry Potter stood on the great platform staring out at the sea in front of him. If it wasn't for the way his black hair with its red tips whipped about his face and neck, one would almost think that he was a statute. Well, the hair and the eyes. His bright emerald eyes were fixed on the progress of the hovercraft as it slowly navigated its way through the labyrinth-like wards that surrounded Ynys Crochenydd, otherwise known as Potter Island, the home of Diricawl Academy of Magical Studies. This was not the first time that the school's hovercraft had crossed through the wards to reach the island. Just under a year ago had been its first crossing, still when the island school had been in the construction stage. It'd made a second crossing a couple of months after that to bring some of Diricawl's new students to the island. After that, the hovercraft had been driven into its purpose-built shed at the end of the very platform that Harry was currently standing on. Theoretically, the vessel's next outing should have been the day that the school year ended and it was pressed into service to take those students who were due to return home that way across to the mainland. Instead, the school year had ended and every one of those students had remained on the island: it simply wasn't safe for them to leave. Less than a week ago, magical Britain had received the shock of its life when the Hogwarts Express, the great scarlet steam train that was used to take the students of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry between London and Hogsmeade, had arrived back in the country's capital devoid of students. As the train had come to a stop, a charmed message had been broadcast to all of the parents and families on the platform, a message that had quickly been played across the Wizarding Wireless Network for every witch and wizard within the country to hear: Lord Voldemort had come to Hogwarts with his Death Eaters and captured the castle, staff and students and all. According to the message, there had been blood spilled when the castle was taken. Exactly what that meant was anyone's guess. Hope, however vain, abounded that it was only injuries, not deaths that had occurred. The message went on the say that, with the nation's magical children in Voldemort's 'care', it was expected that magical Britain – the Ministry and every witch and wizard – capitulate to the Dark Lord's rule. Within an hour, then Minister for Magic, Delores Umbridge had resigned and offered the Ministry of Magic to Lord Voldemort's representatives. And when those representatives walked into the Ministry building, they simply took over, installing new Department Heads where necessary or having hidden Death Eaters reveal themselves and continue in their positions. The Dark Lord's top lieutenants had sequestered themselves in an office along with Umbridge and a number of Department Heads for close to an hour. When they'd emerged, they announced to the assembled reporters that Lord Voldemort wished for Umbridge to retain the Minister for Magic position, as his representative, of course. And though the Ministry was under new 'leadership', the fact that it was near impossible to tell the difference from the previous week, meant that, for all intents and purposes, the coup was seamless, bloodless and created barely a stir, even overseas. There hadn't even been any riots in Diagon Alley or Hogsmeade or any of the other magical districts. The fact that the nation's children were being held hostage assured that. Shops remained open. People continued with their lives, albeit in a more subdued or hurried manner. The goblins of Gringotts had kept their bank open, after all, closed doors did not equal profits. Their one concession to the change in the magical landscape was the presence of an additional squad of twenty guards in full armour and carrying halberds and shields, swords and axes on their hips, stationed in the main lobby of the bank. The question of how many more were ready in the tunnels behind closed doors was anyone's guess. The only instance of rebellion of any sort consisted of those at or allied with Diricawl Academy of Magical Studies. Madam Bones, once head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement had absconded from the Ministry with the handful of aurors that she trusted and holed up on the island. Beth Pemberton, one of the Diricawl's part-time teachers, had had her staff hurriedly pack up the entirety of Hermione's Book Nook , the small bookshop cum café that she ran and moved to the island. The magical parents of Diricawl's students had flooded the FLOO with frantic calls, ensuring themselves that their children were alright before either moving themselves and the rest of their family to the island or simply bunkering down under the strongest wards that they owned and hoping for the best. As for the non-magical parents of Diricawl's students, they had been warned of the danger through the actions of Sirius Black and his accomplices Fred and George Weasley. The three had taken the school's hovercraft out, after carefully disillusioning it, of course, and proceeded to travel up and down the country as quickly as they could, contacting and in many cases, evacuating the families from their homes. As it was, this was the fourth time that the school's hovercraft had returned to the island, filled with people and luggage and, mostly likely, even with the odd pet or two. Only the fact that the disillusionment charm had needed to be dropped before the hovercraft entered the active magical field of the ward labyrinth had allowed Harry to see its progress. Finally, the hovercraft straightened and headed in for shore. Seeing this, Harry stepped back, away from where he knew that it was headed and leant on his rowan staff, a look of relief on his face. It was rare to see Harry without his iconic staff these days, even on the island behind what were arguably the strongest wards in the country he constantly carried it with him. The rowan staff, found by Harry in Hogwarts' Chamber of Secrets when he was battling the shade of Tom Riddle and the basilisk that lived in the Chamber, was a very powerful magical device. Even though Harry had been practicing with it and using it for three years, he usually still preferred his faithful wand for most of his spell work. But when it came to raw power, the staff was magnitudes ahead and a definite ace in his hand. The fact that Harry had been training for more than eight hours a day with the staff on not only his accuracy but also on more powerful and destructive spells since Hogwarts had been taken had also increased his affinity for it. The extra tips that Mad-Eye Moody gave every now and then weren't anything to sneeze at either. With a great blast of air that it pushed before it, the hovercraft fairly leapt from the water to the shore to the great platform before quietening to a halt a bare few metres from its shed. Harry watched as the door in the side slid open and a set of stairs magically appeared leading from it down to the platform. "Welcome to Ynys Crochenydd," Fred said with a great flouring bow after appearing in one side of the doorway. "Home of Diricawl school and the free magical population of Britain," George completed with a bow identical to that of his brother. "My daughter was certainly right about you two," a pudgy, balding man laughed as he paused to slap the two red-heads on the back. "Now, which way to my Katie?" Before either could answer, a slim woman with dark shoulder-length hair appeared and grabbed the man's arm. "Come along, Bert," she said as she began dragging the man down the stairs. "If I know our daughter, she'll be somewhere in the thick of things, either on the quidditch pitch or in the common area of their dormitory." Harry grinned at the man's demure "yes, dear" as he was led from the platform up the hedge-lined path towards the school. "Harry!" "Good to see you, old bean!" "You're late," Harry stated, ignoring the twins' exuberance. "We had to make a slight detour," Sirius stated as he descended the stairs from the hovercraft. Harry cocked his head in question, but kept silent until the last of the passengers had reached the ground and had been directed up towards the school. "Why the detour?" he finally asked. "There's a small group of Death Munchers watching the island from the mainland," Sirius stated grimly. "Don't worry, they're not on Potter ground, at least, not yet, but they're there." "Did they see you?" Harry asked anxiously. "Nah, not with the disillusionment charm," Sirius replied. "But just to make sure, we took the scenic route, going out in a wide arc out into the bay." "Still say that you should have gone faster," George pouted. "Those waves were ripe for shooting over," Fred added. "We could have easily hit ten or twenty feet up, I reckon," said George. "Another time, boys," Sirius laughed. "When we don't have a bunch of people on board who are likely to get sea-sick." Fred and George shared an evil look. "But imagine the mayhem …" "When they 'heave ho' …" "Or feed the fishes …" "With their technicolour yawn …" "That's enough, you two," Sirius laughed. "Don't worry, I'm sure that they're be other opportunities to make the janitor get out the ol' sawdust bucket after some epic chundering." "I'm supposed … to tell you … that there's a meeting … as soon as you get back," Harry wheezed through his laughter while leaning heavily on his staff. Instantly, the laughter dropped away as Sirius became serious. "Then we'd better get up there," he stated. -oOoOo- "Now that we're all here," Mad-Eye pointedly grumbled, his real brown eye fixed on the late arrivals while his blue magical eye continuously rolled about his head, "we can finally get started." Harry