I don't own HP. Wish I did, but I don't. Points of Change: Due to whatever changes you want to imagine, Voldemort was defeated in the graveyard. Making this only canon up to where Harry and Cedric grabbed the Triwizard Cup together. AN: Thanks, as normal, is due to JuliS and trinkisme. Especially as I only gave it to them to beta yesterday afternoon! Ya'll are awesome! Happy Valentine's Day! XXX Hermione took a sip of her drink and looked around the crowded pub. She didn't see anyone nearby that she knew and she sighed. She'd have to fight her way through the crowd, hoping she'd be stumble across Harry or Ron. Why Harry had thought celebrating his team's recent quidditch win in a public place was a good idea she would never know. It wasn't like he didn't have a perfectly nice house to use. Sirius would have loved to have the entire team and all of the other people around. That man lived and breathed social interactions. She wondered sometimes if he'd always been that way or if it was merely a result of over a decade in Azkaban and being starved for human contact. Unless she found a way to travel back that far in time she'd likely never know. She took another sip of her drink and then began sliding through the crowd. She passed by a group and saw Oliver Wood animatedly giving a blow by blow account of every move he had made during the game to a group of enthralled young fans. Likely all of them were hoping for a spot in his bed that evening, just judging from the way they were watching him. Knowing Oliver, she wouldn't be surprised if he rented a hotel suite and invited all of them. She gave him a friendly nod and pushed onwards. The Weasley twins and Lee Jordan were laughing and passing out some of their creations, including their new line of Quidditch trading cards. They had, of course, gotten the idea from her recent trip to the US with her parents. Perhaps giving Mr. Weasley a pack of muggle baseball cards as a gift hadn't been the best idea, but it had been cheap. And she didn't exactly make a lot of money at the moment. Harry was still annoyed he was now immortalized on a Weasley's quidditch card AND a chocolate frog card. Ron had found it hilarious. She didn't though. Harry willingly throwing himself in front of a death curse was not something she wanted to remember. Even if doing so had saved Cedric Diggory and led to the permanent death of Voldemort soon after. Though the quidditch card was rather amusing. She'd made a point of giving Harry a modified one capturing the first moment he had ever caught the snitch. He hadn't spoken with her for a week after that. Likely as she had made a point of giving copies to all of his teammates and Sirius. She narrowly avoided being elbowed in the face by a wildly gesturing Mclaggen by sliding to the side. Her feet hit something and the next thing she knew she had landed solidly in someone's lap. A very quick someone who somehow managed to steady her drink before it could go everywhere. A warm, strong pair of arms encircled her and she looked up to see Draco Malfoy staring down at her. "Not exactly graceful, are you?" She scowled, "I was dodging Mclaggen." His eyes sparkled with mischief, "I'm glad to hear my lap rates higher than Mclaggen." Her breath caught for a moment, utterly transfixed by this side of her old classmate. She didn't see Malfoy much since they had finished school. She knew from the paper that he was following in his father's footsteps during the week (despite his father being in Azkaban), while his name was linked to a different witch's practically every week. In fact…. "Why on earth are you here tonight? Shouldn't you have a date on Valentine's Day? Don't you always have a date?" His eyes widened a fraction and she clapped her hand over her mouth. He smirked at her, "Keeping tabs on me?" "No! Just, you know, I read the paper. Every day, you know. It's important. Keeps me in touch. Plus, you know, information is always important. In fact-" He reached up and touched her lips with his long, elegant finger. She froze and stared down at his hand in shock. "You're rambling." It had to be the alcohol. She never drank. That, or it was the fact she was once again single for Valentine's Day and feeling rather desperate. It had had been much too long since she'd even kissed a guy. Her tongue flicked out of her mouth and she heard his breath catch. Feeling bold, she gave his finger another flick with her tongue and then nipped the skin with her teeth. His eyes became liquid pools of silver and his arms tightened around her. She was immediately reminded that she was sitting on his lap. She had to resist the urge to squirm, wishing they were alone. "Well, this is certainly an unexpected development." She jumped, only Malfoy's arms stopped her from from standing up. Malfoy was seated at a table with Blaise Zabini, Theodore Nott, Daphne Greengrass, and - of course - the bane of her existence: Pansy Parkinson. Hermione and Parkinson had never gotten along at Hogwarts, and that was stating it mildly. But it had gotten even worse since they had entered the workforce. Parkinson worked as a reporter at the Daily Prophet and Hermione worked in Records at the Ministry. Records happened to be one of Parkinson's favorite places to dig out information and she viewed Hermione as her personal assistant. In fact, seeing as she was the one that had spoken, Hermione was fairly sure that come Monday the entire Records Department would know she had been sitting on Malfoy's lap, nibbling on his fingers in a public place. "Oh, don't worry Granger, Pans won't say anything about this. Will you Pans?" Zabini sent Parkinson a cool look, one thin eyebrow raised delicately. She pouted, but shook her head, "Of course not. This is Brigade time, and what happens during Brigade time-" "Is never spoken of again," Nott finished, grinning and raising a hand to summon another a waitress over. Hermione's eyebrows rose in disbelief, "Really? Pansy Parkinson, nosy reporter, queen of exposing corruption, will never mention me sitting on Malfoy's lap?" Malfoy's hands wandered until one rested on her thigh. She could feel his heat through her skin. "No one breaks trust in the Brigade. Now, did you want to scamper off like the good little rule-abiding girl you pretend to be? Or do you want to join us on an adventure?" His mouth was so low that he was practically hissing, his warm breath tickling her ear. Electricity shot down her spine and she gasped as he lifted his hips a bit; pressing himself against her. "What-what adventure?" she gasped, thinking of her last adventure. It had been over a decade since she and Harry had traveled in time to save Buckbeak and Sirius, but it had been so thrilling….if terrifying. Somehow she suspected what Malfoy had planned was more thrilling than terrifying. She considered it for a moment. Harry, Ron and Ginny would be looking for her soon. But would they worry if they didn't find her? Likely not. It wasn't as if they were in danger anymore. At least not of the illegal variety. But, breaking rules just for fun…. "Draco, why are you inviting her? Little Miss Perfect isn't interested in us or you. She wasn't interested in school, why would she be now? Besides, you should see her at work. I swear, she's the most stuck up and aggravating recordkeeper in all of Britain." Parkinson's voice was so full of scorn that Hermione's mind was immediately made up. Who was Parkinson to say what Hermione was and wasn't interested in? She didn't know everything that Hermione had done before she turned fifteen. She didn't know that it had been Hermione acting as Ron's dueling partner as he trained to be an auror. Harry had helped, but he'd been too busy training for quidditch tryouts to do much. She shifted on Malfoy's lap and looked around, noticing that the eyes of most people seemed to slide from the table on one side of her to the table on her other side. No wonder she hadn't noticed them and tripped. Whatever this Brigade business was - and now she was curious - they were serious about keeping it secret. "Shut up, Parks. I'm in." Parkinson's eyebrows shot up, but the boys just grinned. "Alright, now that we have a date for Draco, let's get out of here," Nott said before downing the rest of his drink. XXX Hermione gazed around the hotel suite in wonder. She'd only ever seen places like this on the telly at her parents'. She was almost afraid to touch anything. "Shocking, isn't it?" Draco drawled. "How muggles think this is the epitome of opulence." She looked at him in disbelief, "This isn't the epitome of opulence?!" He sneered at her. "Oh, no, you should see Malfoy Manor sometime. Makes this place look like a hovel. Now," he clapped his hands, "let's get you into something more fitting. We have a muggle ball to crash! Pans! Daphne!" The next hour was a whirlwind of motion. By the end of it Hermione was more dressed up than she had been since the Yule Ball. And that time she hadn't been wearing jewelry worth more than her parents' house! She wanted to protest, but she held her tongue when she saw what everyone else was wearing. They made her look positively dowdy. The final piece was a small half-mask that matched the one Malfoy had on. Greengrass and Parkinson were wearing matching masks, as were Zabini and Nott. As they were putting them on Parkinson shot her a look practically daring Hermione to say something about it. Really? Did her love for organization and rules make her seem like an archaic prude? Perhaps Ginny was right and Hermione really needed to get out more. She couldn't spend her entire life working. Even if she was already making great headway in modernizing how the Ministry did things. Ron had even kissed her when he found out she'd managed to halve the amount of paperwork an auror had to do after an arrest. He'd then promptly apologized. They'd determined in their seventh year that they were better off as friends. And friends didn't kiss like that. "Well, let's go, Granger." She blinked and looked over to see Malfoy standing there, his arm held out for her. She gave herself a mental shake and slipped her arm through his. "Oh! Wait a minute! We must inform Granger of the rules," Zabini said before he took Nott's arm. She frowned, "Rules? Isn't this about not having rules?" "Oh, no, of course not!" He pulled a flask out of his dinner jacket pocket and took a sip. "Now, you must abide by these two rules once we leave this room. First, you must never use a word that contains an 'e'. Second, you must never let go of your partner. Your partner is, of course, Draco. These rules end after three hours." He flashed a blinding smile at her as he passed the flask to Nott. "Simple enough, right?" Her mind whirled, but she nodded. "Alright, I can do that." "I don't doubt it. Your mind is said to contain a dictionary. Am I not right?" Parkinson's smile was small, her eyes glittering like gems from beneath her mask and her voice made Hermione want to give her a swift kick. "My mind has no dictionary within it. It is only that I put in many hours of study. Primarily with books. You should