DISCLAIMER: I don't own Harry Potter, or his universe, or his owl, or even his awesome wand polishing kit. That's all the property of J K Rowling. TITLE: Harry Potter and the Untitled Tome SUMMARY: The Matron reminisces, an assistant gets a telling-off, and a guest is treated to a circus act. Am I alone in my estimation of war - or all violence, really - as a wholly distasteful occurrence? I suppose it needn't be mentioned for most, though I hail from a family of thieves, merchants and killers. It is blasphemy to utter such words in Cornwall and its satellites, surely, for though we Potters are small in number, our few dozen wands still lead hundreds of staves to yet uncharted territories. All in the name of death and taxes. We are a "kind, just old clan", I often hear. Humanitarians, progressives, revolutionaries, et cetera. It might have been true of my ancestors, but what of us? To give away a thousand Galleons means nothing to a man who bathes in it. My Uncle Charlus speaks of the conflict in the most blithe terms, in true Potter fashion. If life is a game to wanded wizards, then our family plays on Sunday afternoons. My sister, my parents, even cousin Wallace - they show no comprehension of the gravity of our situation. No. That's not it; they don't get the joke. I, the black sheep, am the most Potter of us all! How hilarious it is that we fight over the Muggles yet kill ourselves twice as quickly? I have laughed to myself often, that is, up until last night. I heard the High Warlock Grindelwald speak for the first time. ~ Robin G Potter, a letter to Calliope Trent (3 May 1902) Chapter One - Harry Has A Visitor For all that could be said about the town of Oakwood, deprived would probably be the last word to surface in the minds of most. The area was situated among several affluent suburbs in the northernmost borough of London, and a sizeable portion of its denizens were either successful local business owners or professionals who commuted into the City. It enjoyed a relatively relaxed pace compared to the congested roads and perpetual rush hour along Westminster's pavements, and violent crime was almost non-existent. Unaccompanied by guardians, children would freely ride their bicycles down the scarcely tyre-marked tarmac, while others would gleefully destroy their parents' pride and joy by playing football on their well-manicured front lawns. On a typical sunny midsummer's afternoon, the air would carry the enticing aroma of barbecue smoke tempered by freshly cut grass and soapy Land Rovers. Today was no exception. It was guaranteed to lift anyone and everyone's spirits – save for a few. Miss Charlotte Meacham was well-regarded (she would say) in the community as the matron of Oakwood's local children's home: St Cecilia's Refuge for Unfortunate Youths. It was an ancient, ivy-covered cobblestone eyesore that looked terribly out of place in a neighbourhood composed of flawless brick-and-mortar, semi-detached masterpieces. She was among the last of the old guard; a stalwart defender of traditional child-rearing, standing vigilant against a vicious smear campaign that threatened the once sacred English mantra of 'spare the rod, spoil the child'. Despite her questionable methods, however, Miss Meacham's heart wasn't made of stone (she would also say). In fact, she often cursed her abundance of love for the children in her care: an occupational hazard to be sure. Time after time she had bonded with a child, only for them to be promptly wrenched from the matron's embrace. Such a tragedy usually did little to dampen her resolve – it was all too common and she had to be strong for the rest of the brood – but today was most unusual. For the past three-and-a-half years, she had been in semi-regular correspondence with a rather odd fellow. It strictly concerned business, of course. The man's name was Elphias Doge, and his letters were even more peculiar than his name would indicate. Apparently, he was a teacher at a boarding school all the way up in Scotland, and had been for over sixty years. Miss Meacham was mildly impressed: what energy the man must have had to keep up in such a hormone-infested environment for so long… that being said, she had dealt more than well in looking after a house of trying infants for several decades (she would say, just once more). According to Doge, the school had been interested in a child placed in her custody for some time. His mother and father had both attended the prestigious and exclusive institution, and it was confirmed that the boy in question exhibited the same potential. That was especially peculiar. In the seven years that he had stayed at St Cecilia's, not one person had come to visit , let alone propose to adopt little Harry James Potter. Harry was not an unpleasant boy at all. Indeed, he was quite the opposite in Miss Meacham's opinion. He was certainly polite, generally well-liked by the other children, quite brilliant… somewhat eccentric, but that could easily be explained by his level of intelligence. He was definitely well-behaved (maybe usually would be more appropriate) but, for whatever reason, did have his occasional moments. The first was a week after he had been brought in by the authorities. Harry and little Alice Presley were playing with toy planes in the nursery. They were supposed to be under the attentive eye of Holly, one of the junior carers, but she'd apparently gone on yet another toilet break upon Miss Meacham's entrance after making the house rounds. She'd given her a right tongue-lashing after that stunt. But what she had walked in on was even more outrageous. One of the toy planes was flying in the air . Like one of those fighter planes in the films: it made twists; turns; loop-de-loops and all the rest. While Harry kept shouting, "ZOOM! ZOOM!" little Alice's eyes were wide in wonder as she laughed and clapped as only a toddler could. Had Miss Meacham not remembered personally removing the batteries from all nursery toys as well as keeping the replacements in her office, Holly would've been straight out on her hide that day. It must have been a freak incident, she decided. The things scientists were coming up with these days, like solar power – surely the plane was powered by something like that? But she'd seen the determination in the boy's eyes, that confident smile. It was almost as if he were guiding the plane with his words! She pushed such silly musings to the back of her mind… until it happened again. One day it was yellow polka-dots on the floor of the room he shared with Philip Campbell and Gregory Hines, the next day he'd be followed by a group of frogs hopping behind him in crocodile fashion. When he was asked where the frogs came from Harry replied, "I like frogs." Indeed. One particularly nasty moment took place during the Christmas Eve dinner last year, when the elder children staged a mutiny over the inclusion of broccoli to the menu. Harry triumphantly bellowed, "This broccoli is poo ! Broccoli is poo !" The children cheered in chorus. Then they stopped for a moment. Some screamed, others laughed, and a few of the younger ones cried. But after a while, a few of the elder kids resumed their cheering. Meanwhile, Miss Meacham and the carers sat dumbfounded. The offensive odour was an immediate give-away – they couldn't tear their eyes off of the contents of Harry's plate. Two of the staff resigned after that, one nurse and a carer. Miss Meacham sent Harry to the naughty room; not as a punishment, but simply because she didn't know what else to do. Amidst the loud protests of the small gang of children stationed outside, notably the unmistakeable ratchy tone of Greg's shouting "Free Potter! Free Potter", she silently declared defeat and retreated to her office. What was this boy , she wondered. She couldn't explain how these things kept happening around and to him. Sofas changing colour three times a day, hot dogs being set ablaze, his appearance in closets that were surely locked from the outside… the boy must have been an aspiring stage magician of some sort. "Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live," the words of a Sister at her old convent school echoed in her head, from an incident where she had been caught with a copy of The Hobbit during a French lesson. There hadn't been an incident after Christmas, she noted, which was unsettling: Harry blowing something up happened at least once every other month. But what exactly did this school want with him? Sure, his parents went but it was a full country away from what he was used to. What if he got nervous and these... moments escalated? Or... maybe that was why they were interested in him. Doge could work for the government, and this boarding school business would be an entire ruse to capture Harry! "Well, at least he would get the help he needs," she mused. And with that thought, Miss Meacham lost all apprehension regarding Mr Doge's imminent visit. It was in Harry's best interests that he was looked after by guardians who fully understood the nature of his condition. It had nothing to do with preserving her sanity or even her soul from the... freak nature of these misadventures. Although, by the time the supposed teacher appeared on their end of the street, Miss Meacham's eyes had been glued to the orphanage's top window for a full half-hour. The toll of the relic-like door bell and the irregular pitter-patter of bare feet on top of creaky old oaken stairs marked Elphias Doge's arrival, only to be introduced by Holly. Miss Meacham groaned loudly, cradling her face in her hands while waiting for her assistant to take an age in guiding her guest to the office. "… but either way, that's why it's ill-advised to go shopping for traditional Kyrgyz candles in Finchley. None of them are even fair trade ! Mr Doge, I tell you – oh!" Holly's inane anti-establishment tirade was abruptly terminated by a groove between the floorboards, stubbing her toe. " Holly! " Miss Meacham shrieked, her washed-out blue eyes as wide as saucepans, while her frizzy grey ponytail whipped about behind her. "What have I told you about traipsing around without shoes in the home, especially when we have guests? Serves you right, you dozy mare... now where have you put Mr Doge?" "Right here, madam! Right here!" a keen, wheezy voice supplied from behind the gangly younger woman in front of the office door. Out popped Mr Doge, a shrivelled old man with white, wispy hair that looked like it was desperately trying to escape. All in all, it made him somewhat resemble a dandelion clock. He'd apparently tried to remedy this by affixing a moth-eaten fez on top of his head which, in Miss Meacham's opinion, clashed horribly with the maroon three-piece suit the man was wearing. The woman suppressed a chuckle – why on earth had she been nervous? "Ah, Mr Doge, please do make yourself comfortable!" Miss Meecham said brightly, gesturing to the chair in front of her wide beech desk. "Please madam, I insist that you call me Elphias. We have been writing to each other for far too long to warrant such formalities," Mr Doge said with a wolfish grin, causing the elderly woman in front of him to shuffle uncomfortably. "Of course," she replied tersely. "Holly, would you please bring young Harry to the office? Make it quick, dear. And please get yourself some shoes on the way!" "But Miss Meacham, I'm trying to stay in sync with the aura of the home. You should-" Holly shut up upon seeing the warning look on her superior's face. She scurried off