There were not many things that could terrify the Master of Death; as Harry Potter learned during his tenure. But if anyone had ever asked Harry Potter what he feared the most, then the answer would have been: "My superior and the Head of the Unspeakables, Dragon; or Nicholas Flamel, as he is commonly known in the wizarding world. That guy's bloody insane." The second time Harry entered the infamous department was when he was overwhelmed by his fame and was searching for an outlet; with the first time being when he, along with his merry group of friends, had broken into the department with delusions of saving Sirius Black. Both the experiences were unpleasant, to say the least. His recruitment into the Department – to his relief – occurred without much fanfare and when he was escorted into the room of the head by one of the masked weirdos, he came upon a sight that startled him out of his wits. "You shouldn't be alive!" was his first statement. Not a great way to begin a conversation but he was certain he could be excused this once. "And you should be?" came the casual response from the famed Alchemist, Nicholas Flamel. Harry blinked once. Then twice. Not able to come with a response, he remained silent. In the back of his mind, he wondered whether this would be a recurring theme and hence the name, Unspeakables. "Before you venture into the inner workings of this department, I suggest that you leave all your preconceptions at the door. Everything you know about anything is either incomplete or an outright lie. So, any other questions?" "Will I get a mask too?" The next day, Harry sauntered into the room where the Unspeakables train, feeling fairly confident that his first training session – also a test to determine your level of strength – would be a breeze. One minute and thirteen seconds later, he was sprawled on the floor, groaning in pain as he clutched his bleeding stomach. He was relieved of his spectacles by the first four seconds and of his wand by twenty-seven seconds. His mask split into two pieces, with each piece lying at either corner of the room. "The results are out, Agent Bolt," Nicholas informed with a blank stare. "You are officially declared to be pathetic at wand magic and ignorant at wandless." Harry murmured something unintelligible, which Nicolas ignored with extreme prejudice and, a moment later, Harry was out the door with his head hung down in shame. "But the potency of his magic is at a level that people can only reach through using rituals. It says here that his mere Expelliarmus can take down a Death Eater," Perenelle said as she broke her disillusionment spell. "Don't you think that you are being too harsh on him?" "He came here to escape from the people who want to mollycoddle him and you want me to shower him with praises for something that he possessed from birth?" Nicholas retorted as he stamped the files with a classified seal. "I am not lying about his skill but simply hiding some of the facts." Nicholas gave his wife a sharp glance. "And don't you use this opportunity to take him under your wing and mother him." Perenelle gave a huff before vanishing out of thin air. "Troublesome woman." Harry did get to know about the high potency of his magic but he had already been an agent for a year by that time and he knew for a fact that his combat skill didn't even compare to some of the other field agents. But that didn't stop him from taking everything Nicholas said with a pinch of salt. It had been three years since he was recruited into the Department of Mysteries and suffice to say that it was the most exciting three years of his life, if not the happiest. Coming from him, whose years of schooling were less about learning and more about surviving, that was humongous praise. "God, this burger tastes like shit!" But that didn't mean that there weren't less than savory things about the place. "One would expect that you will get used to it after three years," one of the agents commented as she ate the burger with all the enthusiasm of a person stranded in a desert. Just because they were called Unspeakables, it didn't mean that they couldn't speak; as Harry got to know during his time. Most of the agents deal with the pressure by either developing a habit or by being sarcastic and insufferable pricks. Harry himself chose the tough way and developed the habit of levitating things around by using wandless magic. Like how he was eating the burger without using his hands. Of course, had he chosen the easy way and became a prick, Perenelle would have murdered him without a second thought. That woman could be the kindest being on earth and then turn into a serial killer at the slightest poke. Harry assumed that it came with being the wife one of the aforementioned insufferable pricks. "Showoff," his subordinate rolled her eyes as he added sauce to the burger levitating in the air; without using his hand or wand. "Is it jealousy I hear in your voice, my dear subordinate?" "You wish," came the effortless reply. "Respect you superiors," Harry said when he couldn't come up with a retort. Before he could be humiliated even further by his sharp-witted subordinate, another agent appeared before them and turned to Harry. "Agent Bolt! Dragon has requested your presence." "Of course, he did. I tell you, that old man is going senile." "Respect your superiors, sir," his subordinate shot back at him with a smirk. Harry threw up his arms in defeat. "I should have chosen the easy way of being a prick." "You asked for me, sir?" A blood boiling curse flew at him the moment he stepped into the room and he ducked under the spell to avoid a less than pleasant death. "What's wrong with you, you senile bastard?" "Just checking whether your skills have gone rusty," Nicholas replied without missing a beat. "Given your age, you should be more concerned about yourself...sir." Nicholas scoffed at the faked respect before leaning back in his chair. "How was your last mission?" "Easy." "I am hoping for a more detailed version." "It's on your desk." Nicholas pinched the bridge of his nose. "I am thinking of accepting your request for leave from work for a few weeks." "WHAT!" Harry jolted in his seat. "I never filed a request." "I know." "Then why are you doing this?" "We decided that it is time you took a break. Even you need some time away from all this, Harry," Perenelle spoke as she appeared through the wall. It always fascinated him how she could make it seem so easy. But that's for another time. "I don't need it," Harry protested to no avail. "Killing your past friends couldn't have been easy, Harry," Nicholas said as he gave Harry a piercing look. If Nicholas was using his first name, then this wouldn't be as easy as he presumed. "Theodore Nott or any of his accomplices have never been my friends." "Then why are you hesitating to speak the name of Ron Weasely?" Harry grit his teeth in frustration. "We parted ways. I chose to leave them to become an Unspeakable while he chose the wrong path to becoming rich. Our paths met and I did my duty. That is all there is to it." Nicholas took a deep breath and emulated his professional role. Harry sat straight in his chair at the sight. There was a reason why one of the only things he feared was Nicholas Flamel. "I am ordering you to take leave for four weeks and disregarding this order will lead to suspension under the act of insubordination," Nicholas stated with a stern gaze directed at Harry. "Nick..." Perenelle started but Nicholas silenced her with a wave of his hand. "Is that understood, Agent Bolt?" "Yes, sir," Harry rose from his seat before rushing out of the door. "Was that necessary?" Perenelle spoke once Harry disappeared through the door. "You know how stubborn he is." "Well, I'll go and check up on him," Perenelle informed as she walked to the door. "Don't 'mother' him too much. I still want my agent back after four weeks." "Shut up." Harry was firing every offensive spell he knew at an innocent training dummy when Perenelle found him. She waited until he cooled off before restoring the training place to its pristine state with a simple flick of her wrist. "How long before I could become that proficient at wandless magic?" "Give it a few years. My initial guess would have been a few decades but, at the speed you are improving, I am sure it won't be long," Perenelle answered as she cast a long look at Harry. When their gazes met, Harry gave a small nod and a moment later, the training room was devoid of any life. They appeared near the lake behind the Flamel Mansion and Perenelle didn't waste a moment before she hugged Harry. "Let it all out." "There's nothing to..." "I know." "Really, Penny. I am fine." "I know." "I was just doing my duty..." "I know." "I...I..." "I know, Harry. I know." That broke any restraint he had on his emotions and it wasn't long before he was bawling his eyes out. They sat at the base of the beech tree, with Harry's head resting on Perenelle's lap as she stroked his hair. "Do you think it's my fault?" Harry spoke up when he had no more tears left to cry. "Did everything happen this way because I wasn't there for my best friend?" "Do you feel so?" "I don't know," Harry replied after a minute of silence. "Because I never made that choice, I have no idea about how it could have turned out." "See! There you have your answer." "But...I should have been there for him." "Hmm." "So, am I to blame for his death, then?" "Who said that?" The air of calm that surrounded them vanished at Perenelle's enraged tone. "Why do you think that somebody else said that?" Harry shot back with a hint of hesitation in his tone. "The Harry of three years ago might have taken the blame for everything without a second thought but the Harry I know is much more rational than that." Harry sighed. After three years, Perenelle could read him like an open book. Not that he would have it any other way. "Well, the others were not so understanding." It was no secret who the others were. "I see." Perenelle placed a soft kiss on Harry's forehead before looking him in the eyes. "Until and unless you are the one who pushed him in that direction, which you aren't, there is nothing for you to take blame for. People change, Harry. Some for the better and some for the worse. All it takes is a single push. You should have been there for him but he also had a family and a girl who loved him. So, remember to accept that it happened and try your best to prevent such a thing from happening again. That is how you grow." "Sometimes, I wish I am that 'eleven year old' again, whose only concern in life was to eat a proper meal per day. Growing up is not as fun as I thought it would be." Perenelle let out a chuckle. "You act like such a petulant child at twenty-one that I can only wonder how you were at eleven." "Hey!" That night, Harry was disturbed from his sleep by a faint presence he felt in his bedroom and within an instant, his wand was pointed at the intruder, with angry red sparks emitting from the other end. The startled form of his subordinate