I don't have a beta, so all the mistakes are mine. Stephenie Meyer owns all the characters. Some language. This is my first fanfiction so I hope you enjoy it. It is only a ONE SHOT. Bella woke up to the sound of the annoying; Beep...beep...beep... of her alarm clock. She slammed her hand down onto the snooze button to stop the annoying sound. When she looked to see what time it was she saw that it was only 7:45am on a Saturday. She started to wonder why she was up at such an outrageous time on a Saturday when she should have been sleeping in to remember that she told that she would take the opening shift at Newton's Outfitters. Than she remembered that the store opens at 8am which only gave her 15 minutes before she had to be at work. Bella went to roll out of bed to get ready for work when she came face-to-face with the love of her life Edward Cullen. Bella jolted out of bed in shock since this was the first time that she actually woke up and Edward was still in the same spot that he was in the night before when she went to sleep. "What the hell are you doing here Edward? You know my dad could walk in at any moment and catch you here than how am I going to explain to him that you spent the night while he was away working the night shift and that this isn't the only time you've been here when he didn't know." Bella whispered yelled since she knew her father would be home any minute and she didn't need to hear her yelling at Edward because then she would definitely have to explain to her father. Edward then said, " Bella baby relax I can read minds remember so I wouldn't worry about you father catching us anytime soon. Anyway why are you up at 7:50am on a Saturday anyway?" With that Bella remembered she had to be at work in 10 minutes and she still needed to get ready. So in a rushed comment she said, "ItoldMrsNewtonthatIwouldtaketheopeningshiftatNewt onswhichstartsin10minutesandIhaven'tevengotdressed yet." After saying that she went to her closet to pick out an outfit for the day while Edward was still processing what she had just said in her rushed sentence. When Edward finally caught onto what she said he told her to relax she would make it on time. After Bella got dressed she had 7 minutes to get to work. So while running down the stairs Edward told Bella he would drive her so that she didn't have to worry about her truck breaking down and her being stranded and having to walk to work. Bella told Edward to go out through the back door and to bring his car around to her house so that the neighbors wouldn't know that Edward had spent the night at her house then told Charlie about who they saw leaving the Swan house at 7:55am. But Edward had a better idea and grabbed Bella around the waist and ran out of the back of the Swan house at vampire speed. Edward and Bella arrived at Edwards' volvo that was parked around the block in less than 10 seconds. Than they were on their way to Newton's Outfitters. Bella kissed Edward goodbye then ran into Newtons to get started on her 8 hour shift just in time to see Mike Newton the biggest pest of Forks High. He constantly asked Bella out whenever Edward was never around which was more than she wanted since her and Edward only had Biology together and that was fifth period and she had Mike in all of 6 of her classes. Bella really wished Forks High wasn't so small because than maybe she wouldn't have to deal with Mike all day long. And of course that Saturday apparently wasn't going to be any different then any other day of the week. Because as, soon as Mike saw Bella he walked up to her and started to flirt with her even though Edward hadn't even left the parking lot yet and Bella just knew that he was listening in on Mike's thoughts. So Bella decided at that moment that for her to survive her 8 hour shift working at Newtons that she would just need to focus on her work and ignore everything Mike had to say that didn't involve working. Bella couldn't wait to be done work because she was going over to the Cullens house because her and Alice were having a girls night in where Alice was going to try different hair styles to see what works best with Bella's winter formal dress. Since winter formal was next Friday. All of a sudden Bella was thrusted back into reality by a customer asking her where the fishing ores were. "In isle 7 I can take you there if you would like just in case you need anymore help I would be right there so you wouldn't have to come find me for anymore assistance." Bella replied with a smile on her face. The customer replied with a thank you and followed Bella to isle 7. When they got to the fishing ores Bella asked them what ones they were looking and the customers grabbed the package of ores that they thought were the best for fishing and Bella agreed. "Is there anything else you guys need" Bella asked in the polite manner that she always had at work. "No, that's all we need at the moment. Thank you, for all your help" the man replied. "No problem. It's a part of my job." Bella replied. Bella had just finished her 8 hour shift at Newtons and she was ready to head home and pack her bag for the girls night that Alice had planned. It was pouring outside so Bella was inside waiting at the counter waiting for Edward to come pick her up from work since he had driven her to work this morning. It was 30 minutes past 4pm when her shift ended and she was still waiting for Edward to arrive. Bella was starting to worry because Edward had never been late to come pick her up no matter where she was or what time it was. Bella finally decided to call Edward to see where he was but when she went into her bag to grab her phone she came up empty. "Damn it, I must have forgotten my phone on my nightstand this morning when I was in a rush." Bella mumbled to herself. Right as Bella said that Mike walked out from the supply closet to see that Bella was still there. "Hey Bella I would have thought that you have been gone by now since you don't usually stay around after your shift has finished up." That's because I don't want to have to spend anymore time with you than I already have to. Bella thought to herself. At that moment there was a big flash of lightning and when Bella looked back to the parking lot Edwards Volvo was parked 5 feet from the front door of Newtons. Bella sighed in relief because she could finally get away from Mike and enjoy the rest of her day. As Bella ran out to Edwards car she noticed that it wasn't only Edward in the car it was Alice and another female with blonde hair and she knew that it wasn't Rosalie Hale their other friend that was a year older than her and Edward. Bella opened the car door and hopped in she turned to Edward and gave him a peck on the lips. Edward tried to deepen the kiss but Bella put a stop to it because there was others in the car and she didn't want to display her and Edward's affections towards each other. After Edward said hello to Bella he put the car into drive and started to drive towards the Swans house. While Edward was busy with driving Bella turned around and said hello to Alice and introduced herself to the blonde that was seated in the backseat of the car. "I'm Bella" "I know I've heard a lot about you from the Cullens they just adore you." "Who are you?" Bella asked "My name is Tanya Denali. I'm from Alaska and I'm her visiting the Cullens for a month or two because my parents want me to get a feel of only eating animals because they are vegetarian vampires and they want me to learn how to only eat animals so they thought that by sending me to the Cullens that it will change the way I eat." After she said that Bella tensed with understanding what she just said. Bella's eyes started to jump between Edward and Tanya's eyes wondering if she is safe to be in a car with a vampire that hunts humans for a meal. "Your fine." Edward says while looking at Bella. "How do you know that she isn't going to try to kill me for her next meal." Bella stated. "Because Alice and I are both much stronger than her. She has only been a vampire for 10 years so she is still considered a newborn and with my and Alice's powers we can tell what she is planning on doing. So Bella baby just relax if I thought you were in any form of danger from her I wouldn't have you around her." Edward told Bella in a comforting tone. After what Edward had said, Bella finally felt that she could relax a little with the new vampire that was sitting in the backseat of the Volvo. After 2 more minutes of driving Edward and the girls had finally arrived at the Swan house to see Charlie's cruiser parked in the driveway. Bella hopped out of the Volvo and ran into to the house to see what her father was doing home from work since he was supposed to be there at 4pm and it was almost 5pm. When Bella walked in the front door she heard a feminine giggle that she knew did not belong to her father the Chief of Police. Bella immediately walked into the living room to see who the giggle belonged to and came to see that her fathers deceased friends wife Sue Clearwater was sitting on the couch with Charlie very closely. Um... What is going on in here?" Bella asked. As her father and Sue Clearwater jumped apart in shock. "Bella what are you doing here I thought you were going to be spending the night at the Cullens." Charlie said. "I am. I just need to pack my bag for the night. But that isn't what I asked. What is going on here?" Bella repeated her earlier question. "We were just talking Bella I hope you don't mind? It's just since after Harry passed away I have been so lonely and I haven't had very many conversations with adults so I thought that I would come by and see Charlie and maybe have an intellectual conversation for once." "That's quite alright I was just surprised to see Charlie home since he is usually at work at this time." Bella replied with a smirk on her face."Well I'm just going to go upstairs and grab some things for my girls night in. I'll see you tomorrow dad if your not working." "Okay sweetheart have a good night with the girls and I hope you and Alice finally decide on what hairstyles you are going to do for winter formal because I don't think I can deal with listening to anymore styles that Alice has for the both of you." Charlie replied with a grin. Bella knew he was joking around because he adored listening to whatever Alice had to say because he enjoyed having her company and teaching him things about teenagers. As Bella was running up