A Tale of Two Chocolates *published for the Fandom for LLS* ~Act One~ "Hurry up, Reese! C'mon, girl. Don't you want to pee on the nice soft grass? This is sooo much softer than the carpeting in my apartment. Hurry up, pup!" I coax her over to the fake fire hydrant, where she takes a few disinterested sniffs before tugging me toward the bushes. I don't even want to think about what my flip-flops are stepping in right now. Reese yanks her head away from me, gaining a few more inches of slack in the pink leash, which she promptly tangles into complicated knots around her clumsy paws. Crouching to unwind the leash, I chuckle at my little monster. "How does a tiny little puppy make such a big mess?" I scoop up my ball of chocolate-colored fluff and plant a kiss on her head. "Okay, buttercup, it's time for your appointment. Please don't pee on the nice doctor." We take a seat in the waiting room, and Reese's sharp nails scratch deep, white lines into my bare legs as I attempt to contain her. Note to self: Next vet appointment, don't wear shorts. She claws her way out of my grasp, tumbling to the tile floor, where I miraculously stabilize her between my feet. She won't sit still long, so I inhale a deep breath and soak in the blissful moment of stillness while it lasts. This little fur ball is perpetual motion; if she's awake, she's moving. Like dog-mother, like daughter? Thank goodness, at eight weeks, she still sleeps most of the day and night. Muffled voices float down the hallway from the exam rooms; heavy footsteps shuffle down the hall. Reese bolts from between my feet, leash flying off my wrist as she bounds across the waiting room. I'm on my feet, but she's brown lightning. "Come back here! Stay! Stop!" Shit . . . what was the command? "Whoa! Come?" Ignoring the sniggers from the other humans in the waiting room, I sprint after the pink rope, praying the hallway is short and the vet has a sense of humor. Reese plants her front paws on the slippery floor, skidding but not quite stopping before slamming into a man's dark dress shoe and toppling face-first between his legs. There's a comical flurry of nails clicking on the linoleum as she scrambles onto her paws and immediately starts jumping and nipping at the man's ankle. He crouches and offers her a knuckle to chew on. "Well, hello there"—the man peeks between Reese's legs, causing me to blush on her behalf—"girl." This is very bad behavior the stranger is reinforcing. Reese has already chewed through my favorite pair of slippers and half the woodwork in my kitchen. I've run through three bottles of sour apple spray in the two weeks I've had her. I should tell him to stop, and I open my mouth to do just that, but then, my eyes drift up his expensive-looking navy suit, along the diagonally-striped tie perfectly knotted at his collar, and land on his gorgeous face. Ask me any day of the week what attracts me to a man, and I'll tell you the same answer—hands down, no competition—it's the smile. Do I love a mouthwatering rack of abs? You bet. An ass that can hold up a pair of pants? Sure. But give me a sweet pair of lips stretched to the max with maybe a hint of dimple on the side, and I am a happy, tingly girl. And this guy wins the bonus round with a rough shadow left there by Mother Nature herself. This isn't the painstakingly-trimmed-to-look-random scruff of male models, not that there's anything wrong with that, but the face of a man who woke up excruciatingly perfect and—lucky for me!—neglected to shave. What was I about to say again? "Um . . ." Yes, brilliant. Thankfully, Reese has him far too enthralled to notice me being an idiot over here. The man lifts Reese gently onto his knee, her tail wagging her whole rear end from side to side. Holding her with a confident, firm embrace, the man scratches behind her ears while he leans in to study her tiny face. If Dr. Banner weren't standing right behind him, watching the whole scene in his blue scrubs, I might think this man down on one knee was the veterinarian giving my chocolate lab her first exam right here in the hallway. In a span of a couple of seconds, I make three observations. First, my sweet puppy is a little bit of a slut. Second, I am jealous of the ear-scratching she's receiving from this very attractive gentleman. Third, bladder control is not one of Reese's strong suits. I finally find my voice. "Be careful! She's really excited, and I couldn't get her to pee earlier!" My warning comes just as a dark spot appears on the man's leg. His gaze shifts from the spreading stain to my horrified face, and he draws in a sharp gasp. Shoot me now. "Oh god, I'm so, so sorry!" I lunge forward, pull Reese into my arms, and give her my strictest alpha-dog face. In a quiet but firm voice, I scold her as the book says. "Naughty girl!" Dr. Banner offers the man a hand up. "I am so sorry about this, Edward." Edward. My stomach clenches at the sound of his name. A grown-up man, not like the guys I hang around with at USF. Nor do they wear suits to play Frisbee on the green. And this Edward is tall! I'm nearly five-ten, and he tops that by a few inches—not just inches for the sake of being inches, but good ones! The man exudes class and style, pretty much the opposite of flip-flop girl over here with the tragically behaved puppy. I suddenly have the urge to piddle on the floor. Edward shakes his head, still looking pretty rattled. "What's your dog's name?" he asks me. His smile is gone, which kind of sucks, but it's as if his lips have stepped aside to make room in my heart for the most hypnotic green eyes I've ever seen. "Uh . . . Reese." Could you quit sounding like a moron for one second? Jeez! "Reese." He stares at Reese as if trying to solve some complicated mystery. "Seriously?" "As in Reese's peanut butter cups?" Remind me why I thought the whole chocolate reference was so clever anyway? "Excuse me, I have to go." Tears pool in the man's eyes as he turns abruptly and charges out of the office. "Take care, Edward," the doctor calls after him. Just like that, the smile, the sparkling eyes, and the six-foot somethingness of him are gone. "I am so sorry. I feel terrible about his suit." "He's not upset about the suit." Dr. Banner places his hand on my shoulder. "We just put his dog down." Of course! Who walks out of the vet's office without a pet? Duh, Bella! "God, that's awful." "She lived a long, beautiful life, but the end is always very sad." "What kind of dog was she?" He reaches over and cups Reese's face. "A chocolate lab." "Holy shit." "Yeah. Anyway . . . I'm sorry to bring you down. This isn't exactly the way I like to greet my new patients. Now, how about we take a look at this adorable puppy?" ~Act Two~ Still frisky after three shots and a merciful nail clipping performed by my new hero, the good doctor—who, it turns out, does have an impressive sense of humor—Reese darts out of the vet's office, straining against the leash as I juggle heartworm pills and puppy kindergarten pamphlets in my free hand. She prances over to the fire hydrant as if she owns the place, sniffs every urine-covered inch, squats down, and does her business. "Hurry up, Reese!" I feel silly for saying it while she's already going, but the book says to associate the words with the act so eventually, she'll learn to pee on command. A head turns, a man I hadn't noticed earlier sitting alone on the bench at the far end of the little makeshift park. It's Edward, and now I've disturbed him—again. Shit! Has he been sitting here the whole time in his pee-soaked suit? He surprises me by standing and turning in our direction as if— dare I hope? —he'd been waiting for us. A pair of aviators hide his eyes—red-rimmed, teary eyes, I'm guessing. Lost in thought, hands tucked deep into his pants pockets, Edward watches Reese sniff every blade of grass. I can't make out the man's emotions; his flat-line mouth doesn't tell me if we're making things harder or easier for him today. I can't imagine this poor man would want to be bothered by a silly girl and her silly puppy, but he's here, and a certain thrill makes me tingle from the inside out. I tear my gaze away—actually, Reese does, chasing a butterfly into a thicket of thorn bushes and pulling back with an indignant yelp. "Aww, c'mere, silly girl. That butterfly is teasing you." She rushes back to me for comfort, somersaulting head first at my feet. Despite the fact that we're romping through what is basically a huge outdoor toilet for every animal in Dr. Banner's practice, I can't resist dropping to my knees in the grass and rolling my ridiculously cute goofball onto her back. Her puppy growls and squeaky yips make me laugh every time. "You silly girl! You're gonna need another bath after this—and so am I." A shadow creeps over us; a pair of dark shoes appear on the grass next to my side. My eyes are level with Edward's knees, and though his pant leg has at least dried in the morning sun, there's a noticeable stain. Wonderful. He clears his throat far above my head before speaking. "Excuse me, I'm sorry to interrupt you two." Craning my neck, I lift my gaze to the tall figure next to me. He's taken off his jacket, which makes total sense as it's sweltering outside, but I sure could've used a warning for the shirtsleeves rolled up and pushed to his elbows, not to mention the loosened tie hanging slack around his unbuttoned collar. If he looked stunning in a suit—and he did—he's even finer with fewer layers. I'd be willing to bet the trend would continue, but I push those thoughts from my head. A bright orange blaze radiates outward from his reddish hair where the sun bursts free around the edges, casting an otherworldly superhero look to his shadowy face. "No worries," I answer. "This little girl and I have plenty of alone time, don't we, girl?" That might not have come out exactly right. I divert his attention by flipping Reese back and forth between my hands like a ball of dough. She kicks out her paws, struggling to right herself. He crouches beside me, folding his hands between his knees. "Listen, I, uh . . . wanted to apologize for my atrocious behavior inside." "Apologize? To me? My puppy wet your pants!" Ugh, I really should march back inside and see if Dr. Banner has a muzzle in my size! Edward chuckles softly, and my chest eases a bit. "Would you mind terribly if I pet your dog again? I don't want you to think I'm some kind of creeper. I lost my chocolate today, and I seem to be a bit of a mess." "Sure, of course. I'm really sorry to hear about your dog." "Thank you," he says quietly, snapping for Reese with long, beautiful fingers. His tone shifts to a deep bass. "Come, Reese!" Reese instantly responds, and she's not the only one. "Wow, you have a really good alpha-dog voice." Edward smiles, but it's only about a quarter of the smile Reese coaxed out earlier. "Comes in handy at work." His hands roam