Adonis, Take the Wheel A birthday collab for Robsmyyummy Cabanaboy by Shellshock81 and bornonhalloween "Then Dad sat me down and had a thirty minute conversation with me about how it's completely normal to have these types of feelings about boys. I had to walk away when he pulled his iPad out to show me how natural gay sex is." Edward laughed as he finished cleaning his paintbrushes and packing up his supplies. "So he still thinks you're gay? Did you tell him about that Jessica chick you went out with the other night?" "Oh, according to him, she, and every other girl I've gone out with is just an elaborate beard. The man is fucking nuts," Emmett said, zipping up his canvas bag. Edward shrugged. "At least you'd know he'd support you if you were gay." "I guess, but just because I'm majoring in art with my BFF doesn't mean I want to take the chocolate express to ecstasy every night." Before Edward could tell Emmett his dad might have an easier time believing he only wanted women if he'd stop using phrases like BFF, Professor Banner interrupted. "Boys, do you have any plans two evenings from now? I have quite the lucrative proposition for you." Emmett held up his hand. "Look, Professor. I don't know what you thought you heard, but I swear, I love the tig ol' bitties." Professor Banner scrunched his face up as he studied Emmett and then shook his head. "I don't know what you're talking about Emmett, but then I rarely do. I hoped you guys could do me—well, my brother-in-law—a favor. He owns a company that provides valet services for swanky private parties." "Sounds great!" Emmett grinned. "What would we have to do, iron pants and shit?" Edward punched him in the heart of his gigantic bicep. "What the hell do you know about ironing, Em?" Pinching his perfectly creased collar, Emmett said, "Who do you think presses my button-downs? I guess you wouldn't know, Mr. Superhero Tees." "Um, guys?" Banner waved his hand between Edward and Emmett until they both looked up. "Valet, as in parking cars . I assume you both have a clean driving record?" "Oh!" Emmett answered. "Of course!" Edward bit his tongue. Their professor didn't need to know of Emmett's obsession with his spotless, white Jetta. "And you, Mr. Cullen?" "Yes, perfect record." "Okay, one other thing . . ." Banner cleared his throat before continuing. "Just so you're aware, there's a fair bit of physical exertion involved." "In driving ?" Edward asked. Banner chuckled. "Not so much. But after you park the car wherever it is you park the cars, you'll need to hustle back to the drop-off point again. Carlisle told me to warn you there could be as much as a quarter-mile sprint for every car." Wonderful. Edward glanced over at Emmett McCarty, a.k.a. Marathon Man, who was busily scrubbing his hand across the part of his face where a moustache might grow if he ever broke off the love affair with his razor. Asshole. " What ?" "Nothing," Emmett muttered into his hand. "I can do it," Edward said. Turning to Professor Banner, Edward sealed the deal. "We'll do it." Ἄδωνις "Dude, are you gonna be able to handle this?" Emmett whispered to Edward. Rosalie, the lady of the house they were valeting for, had just dropped off the two of them just outside of the garage after showing them where they'd be parking her guests' cars for the remainder of the night. Edward glared at Emmett. Truth be told, after seeing Rosalie's pitying look as she drove them up the curvy, hilly, snow covered road back to her house, Edward had begun feeling somewhat anxious about the run back, but no way would he ever admit that to Emmett. "I'm hardly an invalid," he replied, trying his best to convey disdain and boredom at the same time. "Besides, just because you think you're God's gift to anything and everything running, doesn't mean this is going to be a cakewalk for you. It's not like you run in snow boots." "Uh, yeah I do. Three times a week during the winter. I like the extra challenge of running in the snow, and I almost lost a pinky toe two years ago when I tried running fifteen miles in my Nikes during the Halloween blizzard of 2013." Edward stared at Emmett and shook his head. "Who even are you, and what happened to the fat kid who used to eat Kitkats and chocolate milkshakes for breakfast?" Not that Edward had anything against being in shape, but come on! Puffing out his chest, Emmett grinned and winked. "I'm new and improved, baby. Might as well me Atlas." Edward rolled his eyes. "You're so damn full of yourself. Atlas? Really?" Emmett began jumping up and down as he rubbed his hands together in a futile effort to stay warm. It was fucking freezing and no amount of friction short of the snow obstacle course they'd soon be running would change that. "Dude, yes! We should totally use fake names tonight. This looks like a pretty snazzy event. I bet if we play up the Greek god theme, we'll be rolling in tips!" Edward laughed. "You expect people to believe your name is Atlas? Who the hell am I supposed to be?" "I dunno, man. I can't come up with everything. Who was Atlas' slightly less attractive, less talented, but oddly sweet sidekick?" "You're an asshole." "I got it!" Emmett shouted, ignoring Edward entirely. "I mean, it's a stretch, but you could be Adonis! He's supposed to be the hot one, right? And you both have that crazy hair thing going on. Just try not to get too winded, and you can totally pull it off." Before Edward could call Emmett an asshole―again―a young brunette with large brown eyes and the cutest side-smile Edward had ever seen opened the side door to the garage. "Oh, hey. What're you guys doing out in the cold?" The woman tossed a small trash bag into the can next to the door. Emmett flashed his most charming smile and walked over to offer his hand. "Well, hello there. My name is Emmett, and we're parking cars for this shindig tonight." "Nice to meet you. I'm Bella. I'm helping out with the catering crew." Bella's smile grew wider as she shook Emmett's hand, and Edward's heart sank a little. It seemed Emmett had already staked his claim on the pretty caterer, and since buying his juicer four years ago and dropping eighty pounds, Emmett rarely let anything stand in the way of what he wanted. "You guys want to warm up in here until the first guests arrive?" Bella asked as she held the door open. "That would be amazing. So sweet of you to offer," Emmett said as he walked by her. Edward followed, offering Bella his own smile as he walked by. "Thanks for this. My name's Edward, by the way." "Hi," she said. "I guess you guys can pull up a milk crate or something. This isn't exactly the Ritz, but I guess it's better than standing out in the Arctic Circle." "Yeah, I think I just saw a penguin go by," Emmett said, all teeth and dimples and getting-the-girl. "Well, I better get back to my smoked trout canapés," Bella said. "Good luck tonight." Emmett answered, "Thanks, you too," leaving Edward no options beyond a nod and a lame smile before she walked away. Slumping onto the empty crate, Edward tipped his head back against the wall. Had he known he'd be watching reruns of "The Emmett Show" and running sprints in a blizzard, he would've told Professor Banner where to stick his hog-bristle paint brush. The tips better be epic. "Damn, she's cute," Emmett whispered. "Just my type." Edward's eyes rolled so hard, he worried for a second they might actually freeze. "Your type?" Folding his arms over his chest, Edward ranted on. "I must have missed the part where she was a bleach-blonde airhead with fake tits." "Dude. Ouch. And keep your voice down!" Emmett broke into a grin. "You think her tits are real?" "Do you always have to be so vulgar?" "Me? Ha! You're the one who brought up tits!" "In general! Not Bella's . . . specifically." Edward could see Emmett smirking at him out of the corner of his eye, but he refused to look. Besides, watching Bella spoon the chopped topping onto the cucumber slices was way more entertaining. Emmett followed Edward's gaze across the three-car garage. Leaning in closer to Edward, Emmett said, "Damn, look at the loving care she's putting into every spoonful. I think I'm jealous of the trout." "I really think you have a problem," Edward said, making Emmett laugh out loud. The door opened, blasting them with cold air. Their boss looked none too pleased, his lips curling into a frown below his frosty moustache. "If you girls are done powdering your noses, it's go time." Ἄδωνις "Okay, remember, first you open the lady's door and help her out. It's icy, so offer to escort them up the walk, especially if they're not wearing boots." Carlisle looked back and forth between his newest recruits as if they were a couple of dumbasses recently dropped to earth from a planet where there was no such thing as manners. "Yeah, man, we got it," Emmett said. "Ladies first. Red carpet treatment." Carlisle nodded. "Open the door for the gentleman as well, but don't offer a hand unless he looks frail. You won't get a good tip if you make the guy feel like a pussy. And here's the most important thing to remember―make sure you have possession of the key before the driver exits the vehicle. Trust me, you are not going to be a happy camper if you get to the lot and can't lock the car, because I'm not going to be the one to make the return trip. Feel me?" "Got it," Edward answered. "Excellent. Just for that, the first car is yours, Edward." "Fuck me," Emmett said, mouth dropped open as a bright red Fiat 500 pulled up the driveway. "You lucky bastard." Trade you for Bella, Edward wished he could say. Instead, back in the real world where the storm was picking up intensity, Edward opened the passenger door and greeted his first customer. "Good evening, ma'am. My name's Ed―Adonis." God, he felt like a fool. Why the hell had he let Emmett talk him into this asinine scheme anyway? "Oh!" She giggled as she took his hand. "Adonis is it? There's a name I won't forget!" She rose to her full height in some ultra-expensive-looking fur that dusted the ground as they walked. Edward slid her hand to his elbow just in case she slipped. An elbow could heal; his career was shit without his fingers to hold the brush. Having safely delivered his first customer to the front door, Edward ran back to handle the driver. Tearing off the bottom of the ticket as he'd been instructed, Edward made sure the key was in the car and wished the gentleman a nice evening. "Honey, give Adonis something for his trouble," his wife called back into the blowing snow. The man, trapped between his car and his wife, had no choice but to take off his glove and reach into his coat for his wallet. While his wife looked on, the man pressed a ten into Edward's hand. "Stay warm, Adonis." "Thank you, sir." The ten felt good in his hand, but not as good as the envy all over Emmett's face. Ἄδωνις Six minutes later, Edward huffed as he rounded the corner into the Whites' driveway. His lungs were burning. Each breath he dragged in felt like a knife slicing through the middle of his chest. Suddenly the Hamilton in his pocket didn't feel as good as it had before he started