**MAGNETIC NORTH** The third figure eight in my cleat hitch knot wasn't really about tying the ferry to the dock, but yanking on the rope made me feel better. This one tiny thing I could control—not the choppy ocean between Woods Hole and Oak Bluffs, not the stench of seasick splatter staining my shorts, and most frustrating of all, not the girl shuffling down the gangway and slipping through my fingers yet again, most likely for the last time. It was probably merciful this was our last day on the job; I really wasn't sure how much more of this torture I could take. If only I could have looped the rope around her waist, then mine, then hers, then mine ...sigh. A firm clap on my back knocked me right off my squat, nearly sending me face-first into the harbor. "Man, you stink!" "Fuck you, Jazz," I shot back. "Twenty-three barf bags today, but who's counting?" "That's a shitload of puke!" "Easy for you to say, tucked away under your little captain's hat, swiveling around on your white leather, junior captain's chair in your climate-controlled cabin, far from the puking masses. Thanks for the roller coaster ride today, by the way. Really fucking enjoyed that." "Sorry, dude. Mother Nature is a raging bitch sometimes. We did our best." To be fair, Jasper tried to bite back his smile, but he just couldn't resist asking, "How many of those bags belonged to you?" "Fuck you ... again. Three." "Jesus, that is hideous. You were doing so much better for a while. You really should've tried the patch. My mom used to—" I clapped a hand over his runaway mouth. "Seriously, Jazz, I am so not in the mood to add your verbal diarrhea to the heap of bodily fluids I had to deal with today. I don't want to hear about your fucking patch or your f—" No, I would never go there, not about somebody's mother—"o r your mom. Got it, sailor?" "Sure, yeah, whatever." We'd been over this a million times. The supposed "dream job" my fraternity brother had landed for all three of us—except I was the one scrubbing the head while Emmett tended bar and Mr. Newport steered the boat—would've still been fine if I hadn't discovered one hour into the job that the open sea was my own, personal, foolproof vomit-trigger. Dramamine only worked if I took enough to knock me out, and funny thing about our boss—he tended to prefer us awake on the job. Nausea was unpleasant, but it passed, one way or another. On the off chance I could ever get ferry girl to talk to me, I sure as fuck would not be sporting a pussy patch behind my ear. "Ready to hit the beach? Christ , Cullen, your eau de puke is particularly toxic today!" I glared at the incredible hulk blocking the gangway with his bike. Emmett raised one of his tree-trunk arms to pinch his nose. "Upwind, man! How many times I gotta tell you? Stay upwind of the erfers!" Before I could form the words, Jazz did it for me. "Fuck you, Emmett!" Jasper grinned, and I tipped the visor of my Steamship Authority cap. Jasper had a way of getting to the heart of the matter like no other, which was probably why I'd glommed onto him in freshman psychology and never let go. He could get a bit gushy at times with his feelings, but after two years as his housemate, I was getting used to it. Rolling his eyes, Emmett looked back and forth between us and shrugged his massive shoulders. "Whatever. I've got a case of Bud and a six-pack of weeklies waiting for me at Katama. Cullen, I strongly suggest a shower, or at a minimum, an intimate encounter with a garden hose!" "Thanks for the great advice, Bluto." "Bluto, huh? Nice one, Pre-spinach Popeye!" "Hey! C'mon, you two," Jasper cut in, "it's our last day on the job. Can we maybe move this cartoon feud off the dock before the captain hears?" Emmett rapped Jazz on the back of the head and batted his eyelashes. "Sure thing, Olive Oyl." "Nuh-uh," Jazz answered with a violent shake of his head. "I am not doing this. No way. No." "No? How about Cap'n Crunch? Is that better? Captain Hook, maybe? Oh wait, that would make Edward Tinkerbell! Perfect!" Jasper moaned and gave Emmett a shove toward the parking lot while the two of us unhitched our bikes from the rack. By the time our wheels hit the pavement, Emmett was mounted, helmeted, and ready to roll. "I'll let you ladies duke it out for my draft." Jazz won, partly because it wasn't fair to put anyone downwind of my stench, but mostly because I didn't want the relief Emmett's powerful draft would provide. I wanted to pound ferry girl out of my head and out of my heart and try to enjoy one damn day on the island without the will-she-or-won't-she mind-fuck soundtrack of my summer. ^MAGNETIC NORTH^ The Vineyard's flat terrain didn't offer much of a challenge for bikers, but while we lacked incline, we punished ourselves with pace. The man up front had immense thighs, and somehow, that brick of a body managed to bend the wind to its will. Even without Emmett's drag, Jazz was no slouch, a three-season athlete in high school who had narrowed it down to Division III lacrosse when Williams College recruited him. After my morning of purging, I had just enough energy to keep up with the two of them and no brain cells to spare for thinking. Exactly the way I wanted it. By the time we clicked out of our pedals on South Beach, I was ready for a swim and a nap. Normally, I would've hiked the five hundred yards to the facilities, such as they were, to change into my swim trunks. All things considered, taking my smelly clothes for a thorough dunk seemed to be an excellent solution. As violently ill as I regularly got on top of the water, I could happily spend hours swimming. Pulling in one long, last breath, I dove under the first rolling whitecap, cutting through the thick, salty water while stubborn strands of seaweed hooked around my fingers and lodged in my hair. My legs, weary from the ride, kicked out behind me. The resistance of the cool ocean was minimal compared to the tension on the bike. It felt good. About twenty yards away from shore, I surfaced and swam toward the buoys. Out here, where the only noises were the gentle roll of the surf and the occasional screech of a gull, my head cleared of all the non-essentials, leaving me alone with the painful realization that I had all but blown my chances of ever meeting this girl who had become my summer obsession. Every detail I knew about her was pieced together from the ferry trips: she always sat on the top deck, facing the stern, always surrendered her long, brown hair to the will of the wind. She never ate or drank anything but the Poland Spring water she brought with her, never listened to music, never read a book or a Kindle or a phone, just stared out at the water and occasionally closed her eyes and drifted to sleep. I never saw her smile. Maybe that's what finally drove me to distraction—this outrageously selfish desire to be the one to make her smile, or even better, to make her laugh. It wasn't as if I had that talent; that was Emmett's gift. He could've had her laughing in a second. Thank God she wasn't his type, i.e. blonde and big-boobed, nor did she visit the bar downstairs, so I was spared that particular misery. Yay me! One down, the rest of mankind to go. Or maybe womankind, because how the hell did I know her preferences? I knew nothing, not even which port she called home. Her schedule was erratic. Sometimes three nights on the Cape would follow one on the Vineyard; other times, just the opposite. My body compass began to reset itself based on whether she was on- or off-island. Magnetic north moved for a girl whose name I might never know. Not knowing if or when I'd see her again was even more frustrating than the fact I hadn't manned up and said hello. Eight excruciating weeks of pathetic, unproductive crushing. Miraculously, I hadn't drawn Jasper or Emmett's suspicion—small consolation, at least. "Yo! Popeye! Get your puke-ass out of the water! We need you on our volleyball team!" So much for my nap. The game did distract me for a bit, though, which is probably more than I could say for falling asleep on the beach and being alone with my dreams. I'd had far too many dreams of ferry girl to count. Every damn time, I would wake up just as she was about to say hello. What the actual fuck? What happened to good old-fashioned wet dreams? I was twenty! I should be dreaming about blowjobs and fucking and tits. Even my dreams were pathetic. The only good thing about this day was that it was almost over. Back in our little hovel in Falmouth, my shit was packed up and ready to go. I was so fucking done with this bullshit summer, it wasn't even funny. Three more trips on the barge of barf, and this would all be behind me. I jammed my soaked, briny clothes into my backpack and changed into my uniform for the last time. The only mystery left in my day would be which of my internal organs would be clenching harder for the next three hours—my stomach or my heart. ^MAGNETIC NORTH^ Oh, how I would miss cleaning the head... Next summer, I am backpacking through Europe. Face in the shitter, scrubbing the silver bowl until it sparkled... Barcelona is supposed to be cool. Mopping between the cracks in the rusty grout... Clubs. Gelato. French girls. Stacking spare toilet paper rolls so I wouldn't have to go "below"—a.k.a. the sweaty armpit of the boat—every fifteen minutes... Definitely going to Amsterdam. "Psst! Popeye!" Emmett stepped inside the tiny, stale room, leaving exactly zero oxygen for me. "Stop fucking calling me that, Emmett! It's not funny anymore." Actually, I couldn't think of anything that would have amused me right now. "What do you want? I'm kind of busy here, and this isn't exactly a two-seater." "Whoa. Sorry, man." Yep, that was definitely pity in his eyes. "Jazz and I need to talk to you." Emmett's chin made a weird twist, and Jasper appeared in the doorway behind him with a soft, "Hey." I stood up and tossed the rag into the sink. "What the hell is going on? You guys are freaking me out." Jazz made an attempt to push Emmett aside, but ended up just peering over the mound of his shoulder. "She's booked on the 6:15." My gut twisted. Ferry girl. Fate or karma or someone with a really fucking sick sense of humor "up there" was giving me one last chance to not be a pussy. And my friends knew, had probably known since the first damn trip and hadn't teased me once all summer. Fuck, they must really feel sorry for my ass. I bought myself some time, methodically gathering up my cleaning supplies while my brain dealt with the adrenaline coursing through my system. Ferry girl. Ferry girl was booked... "Wait a second! You know her name!" Jazz gave Emmett a told-ya nod, tossing the ball into his court. "We dug a little." "You dug? What the hell does that mean?" I couldn't have said if I was angrier at their interference or the fact that they officially knew more about her than I did. Jasper shrank back a bit, using Emmett's muscle mass to deflect my wrath. It wasn't working. "Look,