Author's Note: So this was a story I've actually had in mind for a while, but I finally got around to writing the first chapter of it. It's really just going to be a long shitfic, so please do not expect a lot from it. However, I enjoy the whole process of writing and getting ideas out there, so I figured that this would be a great way to do it and get some feedback on it. This story is entirely fictional (duh) but it also is just in a fictional universe that will have mentions of real life things but in relation to proper time frames, it probably is a little bit lacking in those areas. However, I do hope you enjoy the long shitfic this will be (apologies if at any point this story because utter shit, and also apologies for my cursing. I try to not as much, however it gives me great enjoyment as seems to alleviate any stress or anger I have). Well, enjoy! I had witnessed a numerous amount of beautiful things in my life. When I was four, I was the flower girl in my father's wedding, which was a beautiful wedding despite it being to a woman who turned into a bitch. Then when I was ten I got to go skiing in the Rocky Mountains and even though we froze our asses off, I had a great time with my father and the best part of it was my step-mother stayed in the hotel lodge with my little brothers. Then when I was sixteen I heard my first Silena Beauregard song. Her voice was sweeter than honey but as smooth and rich as chocolate. And she was drop dead gorgeous. Nevertheless, I became an avid Silena fan, and the final and easily one of the most beautiful things I saw was Silena Beauregard live in Madison Square Garden when I was eighteen. With that said, I found myself running along one of the hundreds of beaches in California, four years since Silena's concert which I now refer to as the Miracle. The sun was setting over the water and I was tempted for a minute to stop and watch the sun kiss the water and then set to rise somewhere on the other side of the world. I'm sure that this sunset would never be able to beat the Miracle, since the Miracle is something pretty hard to beat. I pushed myself forward and made it back to my apartment complex in record time (not actually record time, I was about a minute slower than the previous day but that damn sunset slowed me down). I opened the front door and ran up the steps, taking them two at a time, until I got to the third floor. The door to the apartment was wide open and I rolled my eyes as I thought about what on earth Reyna was doing that made her forget to close the door. I ripped out my earbuds and shoved them into the waistband of my shorts and walk in. Reyna was nowhere to be seen, but there was evidence that she had been all over the apartment. Empty coffee containers were lying around and on the coffee table was an abundance of text books and crumpled up pieces of notebook papers litter the floor. "Hey, Rey?" I yelled as I gathered some of the coffee containers and threw them in the trash. "You left the front door open." There's a muffled yell from Reyna's room, and seconds later the door was thrown open. She looked as if she hadn't slept in weeks and there were coffee stains all over her shirt. "Sorry," she croaked. "I just had a massive breakthrough on this project I have to finish for Dr. C. It's incredible , really." Reyna glanced at me and titled her head. "I'd explain it to you, but I don't know how well medical terms will translate to your architect ones." "You're fine," I said. "I was just worried you were killed by some crazy man, and then I was like shit this apartment will be a whole lot harder to resell if someone was murdered." Reyna laughed and crossed her arms. "Come on, you'd be devastated if I was killed." "I might be," I said. "But I also might not be." Reyna shoved me and I feigned being hurt. Despite only meeting Reyna a little under a month ago, I felt as if we've known each other our whole lives. She's like the sister I never had, and she absolutely despises her sister, so I'm like the sister she had always wanted. We moved into the apartment in the last week of May, at that point neither of us knew the other. I just knew that from strenuous stalking that Reyna enjoyed working out, quiet times to work on her school stuff, and that she was hopelessly addicted to jelly beans. When we met in person, we immediately clicked. We were both planning to attend Olympus University in the fall for grad school, and both adored Silena Beauregard (I might be a little more obsessed than her, but she doesn't have to find that out). Anyway, now, about month later, I cannot imagine life without Reyna. We always talk to each other, and the friendship is so effortless. "I promise I would be absolutely and completely devastated if you died," I said. "I mean, I could never, ever in a million years or a million lifetimes find someone as cool and as smart and as funny as Reyna Arellano." "True," Reyna said. "I am pretty great." I laughed and nodded my head. "You said you had a major breakthrough on your project?" Even though school didn't start for a couple more months, Reyna had a summer work study with the head of the medical department, Dr. Chiron. Each year, he accepted one student to work with him for the summer before the first term, and the students he selected often went on to doing amazing things with their medical knowledge. Reyna was this year's lucky winner, and I was unbelievably impressed with her knowledge and dedication to the subject. Reyna nodded and twiddled her thumbs. "It's a new antibiotic that can help to fight off mrsa, you know, that infection I told you last night at dinner?" I made a face and nodded. "Of course, I couldn't eat the tofu. It made me think of that nasty pus—" "I'm sorry, that was poor planning on my part," Reyna said. "I just thought you'd want to know the side effects of it, because if not treated correctly, it could possibly kill you. And while you may not really miss me if I die, I would be absolutely upset and not have a reason to live if you died, especially if it was something I could prevent." "Reyna, I promise I would be upset and everything if you died," I said. "I was joking , and I realize now that it was a dumb thing to joke about. I'm sorry that I upset you." "Thank you for your apology, I forgive you," Reyna said. "How was your run?" "It was great," I said. "I saw a great sunset while I was running, which slowed me down a full minute. Damn sunset, I had almost broken yesterday's time." "The sun's already set?" Reyna looked alarmed. "What time is it?" "It's like, eight o'clock," I said. "How long were you working on that project?" "It felt like five minutes, but I guess it must have been a couple hours," Reyna said. "I was working at the coffee shop when it hit me at the end of my shift, so I got some coffees and clocked out and rushed home." "You got off work at like, three." "Yeah, so I guess it's been like, five hours. Well, shit." I laughed and shook my head. "You're crazy. Five hours with the door just wide open. That's plenty of time for a psychopath to just come in and murder you or something." "Ugh, tell me about it," Reyna said. "This reminds me, would you be able to cover my shift tomorrow? I have to work on this project so I can present it to Dr. C on Saturday." "Of course," I said. "Eight o'clock to three, right?" Reyna nodded and retreated back to her room after heating up a couple vegan hot pockets. I cleaned up the rest of the kitchen but left her notes where they were. Reyna and I both agreed early on that we would not touch one another's studies lest we mess up the other's system. For example, Reyna keeps all of her stuff scattered around places. Once, I found a whole essay on how to improve the flu vaccination in the fridge, and as much as I don't want to have paper by my sushi, I left them there and sure enough, when Reyna had to go out to give Dr. C her essay she opened the fridge and got them as if she was taking a drinkable yogurt to go. My system is that I keep everything somewhere that reminds me of that thing, most times my room on my desk. However, I organize it all based on different eras. I haven't done anything as crazy as keeping papers in the fridge, however, once school actually starts and it's not just fun searching I'm sure I will go a little insane. Once I finished cleaning the kitchen, I took a quick shower and then settled myself on my bed with my laptop. I watched a few Netflix shows before switching to video chatting with my dad, who was busy making dinner for the step-monster and my brothers. As I watched him make the meat for the tacos, I realized how much I missed home, and I quickly made an excuse to end the chat before he saw my cry. XxXxX I leaned on the counter of the coffee shop while I flipped through the local newspaper. The shop was dead empty, and the other employee who was on with me was just chilling in the back. I figured he was probably sleeping, since that was basically all he did whenever he worked. I began to take count of everything we had in stock and wrote down order slips for things we would need more of. As I wrote, the front door opened and I grumbled under my breath as I stopped writing. I took a deep breath before I put on my best barista face and turned around. To say that the guy who walked in was handsome is an underestimate. He was tall, muscular, tan, and had dark hair. He donned a pair of Ray Ban sunglasses and an unbuttoned flannel. His under shirt read 'ASK MORE QUESTIONS PLEASE' and he wore a leather necklace with what looked like a wing pendant on it. "Good morning," he said. His voice was low, a little raspy, and very pleasant. "How are you today?" "Doing well, how are you?" I asked. "I'm doing well," he said. He glanced out the window as if he expected to see someone there. "May I please have five espressos to-go?" "Sure, is that all?" I asked. "We have a great assortment of bakery goods here." I gestured towards the glass display and he smiled. "No, not today. I'm trying to cut back on the baked goods," he said. "Thank you though." "You don't know what you're missing," I said. "I believe it," he said. "I'll just have to come back some time to get a taste." I nodded and told him his total. He paid in cash and then watched me get the espressos ready. Each time I glanced over at him, I got the feeling that I knew him from somewhere, but I couldn't quite put my finger on where. He drummed his fingers on the counter and