bpov My life was prefect so I thought! Well it was until I moved to my moms. Let me tell you my story before I had to move and then I can tell you the rest of my story. My name is Isabella Maria Swan, Bella for short. I use to live with my dad Charlie Swan, and his brother Michael, Uncle mikey for short well that's what I called him. My dad was the chief of police at the sheriff's department in Forks Washington. My best friend was Alice Cullen, her brother was Edward Cullen who I had feelings for. There father was Carlisle Cullen he is one of the top doctors here in Forks. There mother Esme she loves to design houses especially the really old houses. "Bella what are you doing this weekend?" Alice and I were leaning against our lockers Edward and Jasper were across the hall at there locker. Jasper Whitlock was Edwards best friend and Alice's boyfriend. "Nothing that I know of, why what's up?" "My parents wanted me to ask you if you wanted to go camping this week, since it's spring break?" I looked at Edward and back over to Alice, sure but I have to ask my dad, and Uncle Mikey first, but being your family I think they will say yes." Alice did her happy dance. I rolled my eyes. "It just wouldn't be right without my best friend there." I smiled at Alice. After I got home from school dad was no where in site. "Uncle Mickey, where's dad?" He looked up at me. "He's working late tonight sweetie why?" Darn it this sucks. "Then I ask you first then, Alice's family invited me to go camping with them for spring break and they will be gone for a week, only one problem now dad's not here I had to ask him before tonight because that's when they're leaving." Uncle Mickey smiled one of his famous grins when he had a brilliant idea. He picks up his phone. "Hold on Charlie your daughter needs to ask you something before tonight!" He hands me the phone. "Dad, well Alice's parents invited me to go camping for a week, for Spring break, and they're leaving tonight, I told Alice I had to ask you and Uncle Mickey first.!" I was waiting for dad to respond, I really hated this when he did this. "Yes you can, go have fun with your best friend." "Thank you dad I love you." I hung up the phone. I hugged uncle Mikey. "Thank you, thank you, love you uncle Mickey" He started to laugh at me. "Don't you think you need to call Alice and let her know." "Oh crap, your right." I grabbed the cordless phone and ran upstairs to my room, while calling Alice. Edward answered the phone. "Hey Edward, can I talk to Alice please!" I loved the sound of Edwards voice on the phone. "Sure Bella, ALICE, BELLA ON THE PHONE FOR YOU!" I giggled at him. "Hi, Bella, what did they say?" l could not help but scream for joy. "I can go the whole week with you I'm packing right now." We both squealed in excitement, then I heard Edward in the back ground. "I take it Bella gets to go I can tell by the way your squealing." "Do you want my Uncle to drop me off." She said yes, she told me what to pack. Plus to bring a pillow and a sleeping bag and a few other things. We hung up. I gather up every thing and ran back downstairs. "I'm ready can you take me over there now Mikey, please?" I gave him my puppy dog eyes. He said come on. I got out of the car and waved to Uncle Mickey. Alice and I hugged and squealed for joy. "Are you two ready, or you going to jump up and down all day." Carlisle asked We stopped and just looked at each other and laughed and grabbed my bags and handed them to Alice's dad. Edward walks out of the house with Jasper. "Jasper going to Alice?" She nodded and whispered yes. I just nudge her with my elbow and giggle at her. All of us got into the mini van and took off. We got to where we were camping at. It was beautiful, we were in the forest that was close to the mountains. There were alot of hiking trails to. "Alice and Bella can you find firewood, Jasper and Edward can help me get the tents up, mom said she was going to cook. Since this is Bella first time here, after dinner we can all walk up to the bathroom and shower so Bella knows where it is." Carlisle told us. I followed Alice. "Alice it so beautiful here." Alice started showing which wood to pick up. "You will love it Bella, if you want to even go for a walk by yourself just make sure you tell someone ok." We finished gathering up wood and walk back to the camp site. We sat by fire and ate, then we got up and walked to the shower bathroom area. "Bella it should be fairly easy for you to find." I just nodded. We headed back to the camp site and every one climbed into there tents. The boys had there own. Alice and I had one together. Esme and Carlisle of course they had there own. I knew it was the middle of the night, because it was still dark. I had to go to the rest room. I knew no one was awake so I had to go by myself. So I grabbed the flash light and climbed out quietly so I did not wake anyone. I had the flash light on I was trying to remember the ways they told me and I finally made it there, it felt like it took me forever. I walked out of the bathroom and as I went to walk away from the building I heard someone behind me. I about jump out of my skin. "I'm sorry Bella I didn't mean to scare you but you were taking to long, and well umm." I turned and looked and it was Edward leaning against the wall. "How you even know I left, I thought every body was sleeping." He rub the back of his head with his hand. "Well I heard a zipper or a noise and and I woke up and I unzipped the window part of my tent, and saw it was you. I waited but you didn't come back. So I walked up here and there you were walking out." We walk back in quiet. We went to get in until I said, "Umm Edward." He turned and looked at me. "Yeah, Bella." I look down and tell him. "Thank you!" I climbed into my tent not even giving him a chance to say anything. I laid there in the tent, thinking about Edward. I may be only 14 and Edward 15 but I knew what my heart felt. I Didn't know if it would ever happen where he ask me to be his girlfriend. Alice told me he said he like me. But what if that's all put on. Who am I kidding. I finally fell back asleep. I finally woke up. I get up and grabbed my change of clothes for the day, my hair brush and hair tie. I climbed out of the the tent. "Hey sleepy head, how you sleep last?" Esme asked I looked around and everyone except Carlisle and Esme were gone. "Where is everyone?" They went for a hike they asked us to tell you to tell you which trail to follow, so you can meet them." I grabbed a cup a coffee and then they showed me and I first walked to the restroom and changed my clothes, and put my hair up in a ponytail. I went and put my stuff back in the tent and went on the trail that Esme and Carlisle told me to go on. I walked a while. I started to hear them talking then I heard my name. "You need to tell her Edward." "Jasper I do not want to end up breaking her heart, you know how she is and I hate. I can't even keep her away from me." Edward said. "Edward I know but she has to leave you alone, you have feelings for someone else!" Alice said "You have to Edward there's no way around it, you are going to have to tell her to leave you alone, that you want someone else." Jasper said. "Your right, I'll do it." Edward said. Edward has feelings for someone else. Well I guess I will just quit trying for now. I won't even talk to him no more. I take a deep breath and walk up to Alice. "Hey, Bella I see you finally woke up." Alice said. "Yep I got your message to, so here I am." I smiled. Alice hooks her arm into mine. "So where we headed Alice?" She looked over at me, "This is a short trail, but this one goes to a small pond." Alice said She was right it didn't take long to get there. I saw a boulder to sit on. Edward was skipping rocks in the pond. Alice and Jasper started to get kissy face. I just couldn't watch it no more. I walked up to Edward. "Edward tell Alice I went back to camp ok." He looked at me confused. "Are you alright, do you want me to go back with you?" Edward asked. "No, I'm fine, and stay I'll be alright." He said ok as long as I was alright. I walked back to camp and sat down by where the camp fire would be. All I could do is think about what I over heard. As much as it hurt me I had to do this. He in love with someone else. I waited for everyone to get back. "Hey Bella, are you doing alright?" Alice asked me as she sat down next to me. "Yeah I'm fine, just wanted to sit by myself for awhile." She smiles at me. I lied to her. Edward sat across from me and Jasper sat next to him. I kept noticing Edward was looking at me off and on. "Bella come with me please." Alice said. I got up. She told the boys will be right back we were going to the lady's room. As we were walking I decided to ask Alice about who this other girl was, but made it like I keep forgetting to ask her. "Alice I keep forgetting to ask you this but it's stupid to remember it now but in school who is that girl that follows Edward once in awhile?" "Oh, it's not stupid I forget to ask things all the time. That's Tanya Denali." Alice said. "Oh!" I know she beats me in beauty for sure. So I don't have a chance in hell with Edward. When we were done we headed back. That night was fun, we made smores, Alice and I goofed off in the tent, I think we stayed up half the night talking. But we had alot of fun. We got up the next morning to Carlisle on the phone. We all sat and waited. Then he got off the phone. "Well I have emergency surgery I have to do but I would only be gone for one night Esme could stay here but I think you kids are old enough and responsible enough to handle one night out here yourselves. We'll be back tomorrow." The 4 of us were on our own for the night. I just sat quietly for awhile. Alice ask, "Let's play truth or dare." I just glared at Alice. She just rolled her eyes. In the back