Well Well. Look who it is. Disclaimer: I dont own Percy Jackson and the Olympians. Well. Shit. First day of school and I see the girl who has my heart captured for years. No its not someone from the popular rich bitch posse or the slutty whore group. No. She is a smart, funny, cute(absolutely adorable), and real shy around strangers. Annabeth Chase. Anyway, I always mess up in front of her, not on purpose but accidentally. She has that effect on me. Makin me look like a fool in front of my friends. Sadly I dont have any real friends. Not ones that I could trust and confide in. When I walked passed, I said, " Hey Annabeth! How was your summer?" I tried to strut by but then I tripped and fell. Face first. Great right infront of Annabeth. " Oh hey there Percy..." She said quietly, while helping me pick up my stuff. " My summer was okay..." " Just okay?" " I did nothing fun. I had to watch my brothers at the family reunion. " " Oh okay." " I better get to class. Bye Percy." As she walks away I see her blushing. She is so cute when she blushes. I pass the first 4 periods and by that time I was starving. I got my food and scouted out where to sit, thats when I see her. She is sitting all alone at a table. poking at her food. I walked over and sat next to her. " Hey" I say She looks suprised, she starts blushing and says, " Oh hey Percy" " You dont usually sit all by yourself do you?" I ask her concerned " Thalia moved away, so did Bianca. I guess its just me now." " Well maybe I could sit here with you?" I asked hopefully " Umm sure, I dont mind." I thought I saw a smile on her face. " Hey I noticed to looked a little down this morning. Something wrong?" " Yea but I doubt you would want to hear it..." She says quietly " Come on why dont you think I want to hear it?" " Arent you more concerned about the latest gossip or something." She snapped back. " I-Im sorry, I didnt mean to come out like that. Sorry" I said, hurt. I was about to leave when she grabbed my hand, I looked down and saw her on the verge of crying, " P-Please stay. I didnt mean it." " I know, I know. Come on tell me whats wrong." I say while holding her hand. " Its... Its been 10 years since my moms death. Today." She says with her head down and face covered in her golden curls. " Im so sorry Annabeth. If it makes any difference I know what it feels like to lose a parent." I hold her cheeks in my hands while brushing her hair out of her face. " Come on, look at me" When she looks up I look into her beautiful silver eyes, she smiles and said to me, " Thank you Percy, will you be my friend?" I was about to answer when Brittany, the school rich bitch and whore walks over and says, " Come on Percy, Lets walk together! We would be so Perfect!" Then she looks over at Annabeth and says, " Who are YOU? maybe you should cry and bitch around some other guy other than my future BOYFRIEND!" Anger boils up inside of me. No one gets to talk like that to Annabeth, she doesnt deserve it. No one does. I look at Annabeth and she looks like she is going to start crying again. My heart breaks. Im about to go grab her hand and walk away with her when I hear Brittany say under her breath, "Haha Bitchy whore". I cant hold it anymore. I look at Brittany with anger and yell, " What is wrong with you!? You dont even know what she is going through! Dont you DARE call Annabeth a ' bitchy whore' now im starting to wonder what you call yourself when you look In the mirror?!" She looks in shock at me then storms away. I look back at Annabeth she is hiding herself in her hair and hugging herself. " How can they be so mean?" I hear her say. I scoot over to her side and I hug her she hugs me back and starts crying into my shirt. I rest my head ontop of hers and we sit there for awhile then I whisper to her, " Do you want to go somewhere else?" She nods her head, then we get up and I wrap my arm around her shoulder. She grips it tightly. I take her a place that only me and one other person knows about. " Its okay Annabeth, they are gone now" I assumed she wanted me to take my arm off but she simply stated, " I dont wanna let go" She said softly. "Uhhh, yea... okay" I said intelligently. She squeezed me harder. " Um Percy? What do you think of my body?" She asked nervously I turn bright red, "Umm what do you mean?" "Wellthesegirlsinthelockerroomweretalkingabouthowiwouldnevergetaboyfriendwithabodylikemine" She said very quickly "Uhhhh what?" She took a deep breath, "Well these girls were in the locker room talking about how I would never get a boyfriend with a body like mine" I stepped away from her and started looking at her up and down, studying the girl infront of me, "Umm What are you doing?" She asked while turning red. "Im doing what you asked, I am looking over your body, Its beautiful if I may add" She blushed I wasnt lying, her frame was small but she fit it well, she did have *ahem* good sized breasts and she seemed athletic She didnt have a big butt, but I liked it that way. " Annabeth, come here," I said softly When she walks over nervously, I put one hand on her waist and the other on her cheek." I dont know who they were talking about but you are absolutely stunning" She looks at me gratefully, and says, "Really? What do you see that they dont?" She asks curiously. "Well, you are in real good shape for your small frame, umm uh you have great breasts, t-to me anyway, and you dont have a big butt. But there is something up with your face." She starts to look worried, " I wish you would just smile more," I smile at her. I see her blush, "So, you dont mind if I have small breasts and a small butt?" She says quietly. "Listen, I lied, bodily appearance to me is just a bonus on a girl, Im more interested in what she likes and who she really is" I said looking her in the eyes "Percy, would you be my best friend? Now that Thalia and Bianca are gone, I dont have anyone left" She looks down silently. I give her a tight hug, " Of course, I will, Annabeth, I will gladly ditch the dickwads I hang around with to be with you." I say with a squeeze. "Thank you Percy, Where is this place?" She asks "Only you and one other person knows about this place," She looks up at me with those beautiful gray eyes. God. "When we first moved here, I didnt have a lot of friends, so my dad would come up here and we would talk" "Oh, Percy, Im so sorry, maybe I shouldnt be here, this is your guys's spot." She says worried " He was right you know," She looks at me quizzically, "He told me one day that you seemed like a nice girl and I should talk to you more often." She blushed, the bell rang and we gave each other one last hug, then parted ways. After school ended, I was walking out, going over the events that took place, then I saw it. I see a desperate Annabeth trying to escape from a football jock, but she was pinned against the lockers. "Hey, look man," I start turning around the guy, " She obviously doesnt want to be here, lay off." "Oh? And what you think she likes you? Listen Jackson, why dont you go over to Brittany over there, hmmm?" He said smugly. I was about to say something, when Annabeth slaps him so hard it sounded louder than a plane on a runway. "Shut up! Percy is a good person and triple the man you will ever be!" She say angrily. Then the punk runs off and I turn to Annabeth, "Fiesty today, arent we?" I say with a little smile, then I see her hand shaking, I hold onto them, " Hey whats wrong? did he say something to you?" "He told me to ditch you and be with him instead" She blurted out. Then she covered her mouth and turned away, I hugged her around the waist from behind And rested my head on her shoulder, " I dont wanna ditch you though, you make me feel like I matter." She says growing more quiet. "And I dont want to ditch you, you are my best friend after all." I couldnt help but smile, " you know you are probably the prettiest girl I have ever seen. Your golden hair and your gray eyes are a real turn on for me" Shit. Did I just say that out loud? She turns around to look at me and I say, "I-Im sorry I didnt mean- It just came out, I can understand if-" My sentence was cut short with a full on kiss from Annabeth, It wasnt some lame kiss either, her lips her soft and warm, I was so stunned I almost didnt kiss back. I grabbed her around the waist, and pulled her in close. "Im sorry, I shouldnt have done that," She says quietly while blushing furiously. "Are you kidding? That was amazing! Ive been dreaming about that since I was a freshman!" I blurt out. Crap. Now she thinks im a creeper. "Really? I guess that makes two of us..." She says quietly. " But, I think we should just stay best friends for now, I dont wanna ruin this friendship." I say While looking into those gorgeous eyes. "I was about to say the same thing," She gives ma a light kiss on the cheek and walks off, "Bye Percy" I hear her say. I feel light as a feather walking home that day. I knew that I had just made a best friend for life. The next day, we walk into history class together and sit down next to each other. The History teacher, Mr. Kellogg, assigns the clas its first project. Its how America has changed over the pasr 100, years. Well I figured since its a partner project I couldnt fail so bad. But thats before I was assigned my partner. Brittany, the bitch who hurt Annabeth the other day. Great. I look over at Annabeth and see who her partner is, its Brent, the football jock who tried to hit on her, and the person she tried to escape. I start to get up and walk to the teacher to see if I could get another partner, when Annabeth gets up and heads torward Mr. Kellogg too. "You can go first, Percy" She says, she isnt that shy around me anymore. I feel triumphant. "Umm Mr. Kellogg? I was wondering if I could be assigned a different partner. Me and Brittany are NOT compatible. At all." I say with confidence. " Listen Percy, I know what you mean, but I dont have anyone else you could partner up with, Sorry" Mr. Kellogg said nonchalantly. " I will be his partner!" Annabeth said suddenly, then we turned to look at her, she blushed, " I mean, I