Chapter 1: Resolutions The first day of school was always the hardest and today would be no different. Having switched schools in the middle of the semester to Panem High, the most luxurious school in town, I was sure that I was in for a rough semester. Besides the fact that my parents started working overtime at the bakery to afford the cost of tuition, there was also the unfortunate problem of having to make friends. I was never good at making new friends , I recalled. Luckily for me, my best friend since I was young had enrolled at this school at the start of the year and eagerly tried to have me switched over. After what felt like months of trying to convince my parents, they decided that the best way to calm my constant bickering was to give in to my desires. My alarm woke me up at seven o'clock sharp, before my mother began shouting at me from the pantry downstairs. The sheets that currently enveloped me were warm to the touch, and having wrapped themselves around me throughout the night, threatened to keep me confined. I was never a morning person, but the best way to fix that was having a warm cup of brewed coffee on my way to school. As I pulled myself from my bed, tossing the sheets aside, I was first captivated by the morning sunrise outside my bedroom window. It was mid-February here, but that never meant snow since we lived down south. The grass was greener than ever and the hourly sprinklers were currently hosing the yard down. I peered through the blinds to see a couple of teenagers racing down the street on their bikes, another neighbor walking onto his porch to retrieve the morning newspaper, and a couple of birds bathing themselves in the fountain in front of my house. Another call from my mom took me from my thoughts and I raced to start the shower before she would come up to wake me physically. It typically involved cold water or the smashing of pots and pans , I remembered. As I pulled myself into the shower, I was struck with how cold the water was. I would have to remind my mom to fix the taps again before I left for school. I made sure to wash up quickly before running back to my room to pick out a nice outfit. I decided on a slim v-neck and a pair of dark wash jeans, which went nicely with my sneakers, before pulling out a thin sweater - just in case I got cold in class. I managed to race downstairs before the next call from my mother, who was currently covered in a plum of dust as she cleaned behind the cabinet. "Peeta, this is the last time I'm going to call your—" she began before I chimed in. "Didn't you hear the shower going? Which reminds me: the taps are broken again" I started, "anyways, I'm ready to go now. I thought I'd just take the car today…" My mother's face contorted into one of disappointment as she pulled the car keys from the hanger and told me that she'd drive me in for my first day. I didn't even have time to protest, before she threw her jacket on and was brushing off her pant legs fiercely. I quickly grabbed a muffin from the kitchen counter and walked past my mother without passing a second glance. We weren't that close, my mother and I, but we did care about each other nonetheless. She closed the door behind me as it clicked into place, and then proceeded to lock it with the distinct sound of a small thud erupting from the side. She smiled as she walked beside me toward the car. Our car was nothing fancy. It was a nice blue color and it got us from point A to point B, but other than that it was pretty much garbage. I slammed the door beside me as I pulled myself into the front seat and a low growl of rust echoed into the car. I shook my head as my mother did the same. She knew how I felt about the car, but she constantly persisted that she would drive me whenever she had a day off. My dad would be running the bakery today, and I would take over his shift most nights after school. I'd have a couple of days here and there to catch up on homework and hang out with Katniss and Gale, but otherwise I'd be trying me best hand at new recipes. "Are you excited for your first day, honey?" my mom called out as she put the car in reverse and began pulling out of the driveway, passing her head from side to side behind her shoulders to look for oncoming traffic. "I mean, I'm sure it's going to be a little hectic at first. You've seen it – it's massive – so I'm sure I'll get lost on my way," I said, my mind racing back to the first time I laid eyes on Panem High. It was a large two-story building on the outskirts of the city, with countless rows of trees sheltering it from the plumes of smoke from nearby mills. It really was a different sight to behold. The richest of the richest lived on the other side of Panem High, and my mother made note to avoid it as much as possible. It reminded her of her past life, when she was first a little girl and her parents had all the luxuries they could offer her. But they couldn't offer her the one thing she needed most: love and acceptance. When she met my father, they evicted her and left her on the streets. They were ashamed of her decision to pursue a relationship with someone who wasn't in their close circle of friends. The ride to school wasn't too long and while my mother babbled on about how proud she was to be able to send her son to such a lovely school, I looked out the window hoping to avoid any more discussions that involved me as the primary focus. My parents had been very cautious of me lately because they were afraid that I was holding in too much – never having anyone to confess my feelings too. This resulted in never ending discussions about my inability to be open with anyone, and blah blah blah . They wished I could be more like Katniss and Gale, who took any chance they could to make an impression on strangers. Unfortunately my busy schedule between school and work didn't really allow me to have much fun nowadays. I took a glance at all the students filing into the school as my mother pulled into the school parking lot. You could tell exactly whom the jocks, nerds, and socialites were just by the cliques that grouped together. I noticed several girls bounding over one another, screaming in enthusiasm, and watched as they pulled several sets of pompoms from a pink car's trunk. Cheerleaders , I guessed. Next, I noticed a couple of guys gather together after one particular blonde threw a football toward another built brunette, who quickly managed to catch the toss. "Are we just going to sit here, or are you going to get out and start making some friends before class?" my mother asked inquisitively as a smile rested itself on her face. I nodded as I left the car, slamming the door as she wished me the best of luck. I walked slowly over the grass toward the glass entrance of the school, noticing several white pillars that led up to the second level, where before my eyes stood a large raven. The school mascot , I reminded myself as I walked up the sets of stairs toward the door. As I pulled open the first set of glass doors that led to another, a slender girl that had long blonde hair and gorgeous eyes tapped me on the shoulder. "You must be the new kid," she started as she watched me glare back at her curiously. "I'm Cashmere, but everyone here calls me Cash. I'm sort-of the tour guide around these halls for new students, and I'm pretty sure I've never seen your cute face around here," she said, as she gave me a smile that revealed an impressive row of brightly whitened teeth. "Uhm, yeah, the names Peeta," I said as I offered her my hand. Instead of shaking it she immediately pulled me in for a hug and began to squeal. "You're going to love it here!" she began, before apologizing and revealing that she was a hugger. "The classes are great, the faculty is super interesting, and the students are so cool," she said, glimmering those teeth once again. She sure was something else. "Yeah, I was told that my schedule would be at the main office?" I asked, hoping for any excuse that could allow me to excuse myself from this conversation. Don't get me wrong, the girl was gorgeous and all, but definitely not my type and she was bordering on crazy , I mumbled to myself. "Actually, I made it my mission to pick it up myself before class. Here you go," she said as she handed me a small white paper with a couple black scribbles on it. "I drew you a map on the back in case you get lose, oh and I listed off a couple names of people in the class that I know who would love to meet someone as cute as yourself," she said excitedly. "Uhm…thanks. Who is," I started, eyes flickering over the paper until I found an interesting name, "Clove?" "Oh, you'll absolutely love her! She and Glimmer," she started and pointed to another name on the paper before continuing, "are best friends. They practically do everything together – and I mean everything. From filing each other's nails to applying each other's make up, and even to liking the same guys," but before I could ask she waved her hand and finished. "Don't even get me started on that, because God knows how long that'd take." "Alright then. If you don't mind me asking, is Mrs. Everdeen Katniss' mother?" I asked beckoning to my first class in room 204. "That's right! How did you know that? Oh, never mind answering that. She teaches English and she is absolutely fantastic. Fantastic!" she repeated, as if I had not already heard her the first time. "Room 204 is upstairs in the fourth wing, so I'll bring you there myself. I have class right next door to it. How great is that!" she exclaimed, but the look on my face didn't exactly mimicked her excitement. We made our way through the halls rather quickly, and I made reference to where the main office, the cafeteria and the gym were, before Cashmere was able to point out staircase A, which let up to the second floor. It was a rather long flight of stairs before we reached the top, where students were rushing from their lockers to class when the warning bell went off. "You'll get used to the rushing around here. You do not want to be late for class, but it's really not a big deal when it's your first day," she said calmly, before passing a glance back to where I was panting at the top of the stairs. "You'll get used to those too," she laughed. The upstairs hallways were just as beautiful as the ones downstairs, which were lined with an impressive row of black and blue lockers and several glass window frames that held trophies for various sports and competitions. Most were first place trophies, I could tell, from their size and the gold plating that lined each one. The floors were also quite remarkable compared to