This story is a continuation of the "Darkness Into Light" Story arc that I created several years ago out of a desire for Frodo to have his happy ending. The stories are AU, but then, what good fan fiction isn't little more than our desire to play in a world created by someone else, but filled with characters and moments and creatures we long to interact with as well.:) Enjoy, and feedback is always greatly appreciated.:) Stories follow Movie!Frodo in appearance, but work with either book or movie in events and timeline. :) March 29th 1429 S.R. Wide blue eyes looking up at me with such innocence, such trust, such love…such life…in so small a thing…Something born entirely of living and happiness and wonder and joy… Nothing dark, nothing evil to taint her tiny form. How incredible she seems, to hold so much in her tiny, tiny hands. So much to look out from her wide blue eyes…Does she see what could have been? Does she know what could have become of the world in which she so recently joined together into? Will she ever know of what was lost, what was taken…all to give her this chance, this bright and infinitely possible future…so much in so small a form… June 15th 1439 S.R. I can hear their giggling, they don't realize I know what they're up to, and they think they are being oh-so-clever. I smile at the memories of Merry and I doing the same thing, and surely dear Bilbo was in just this position as I now find myself. They have decided to find a secret place, one where they think Daisy's brothers will never find them. I wonder if I should tell them that behind the rose bushes has already been taken, Primrose plays back there now and again. It won't be a secret for long. But then again, perhaps I should let them enjoy their game while they can…let them adventure and scheme in the short time allowed them by fate. Yes…and perhaps in the end, they will let Primrose join them in their little game, the lass would love that. Hmmm. November 10th 1437 S.R. "And then what happened, Da?" the young lass asked, dark brown eyes shining up at him from her place on his lap, begging for the story to go on, always wondering as to what would happen next. "I really don't know Dilly my love, that's all anyone ever told me. What do you think might have happened next?" her father answered, a smile gracing his features, pulling his mouth up into a familiar quirk, his blue eyes wide and welcoming. She loved to see him like that, it made her feel warm and loved and so very safe. Da was happy…but right now she had a story to settle. "Well, what about the beautiful maiden and the handsome elf have another adventure, it seems as though they would be bored after all those journeys to just come home and have tea and luncheon and all that other normal day-to-day. Maybe they decided to visit Fangorn Forest, and met Treebeard! I know Uncle Pippin talks about him a lot, especially since the Ents are friends to us now. Yes, I do think that next the beautiful maiden and the handsome elf went off into the depths of Fangorn Forest…" the chestnut-haired lass trailed off, unsure as to just why she had sent the characters of the story to the now peaceful forest. Before she could go further, her father asked the obvious question. "So, love, why did they go and disturb old Treebeard? Perhaps they had heard some news of the Entwives? Or there were some marauding orcs coming their way?" Giggling to herself, she playfully swatted her father's shoulder, replying, "No, silly, the orcs are all gone, King Strider has gotten rid of them all. But yes, I think that the maiden and the elf had heard about some Entwives, and they needed to tell the Ents about them quickly, before the wives moved on again…" May 1421 S.R. They have fallen asleep together again…such a funny pair those two are. Rosie and I were talking about that just the other day…she's his daughter alright. No doubt about that one. Just like him…and his mother before him. I don't remember Primula well, more of a childhood memory of warmth and laughter…but I do remember the stories of her and Drogo from Brandy Hall. All that storytelling was bound to put them both to sleep in the end. I wonder if I should wake them for tea, or let them sleep until supper. They look so angelic, the two of them…her dark curls in disarray, one small thumb in her mouth, curled up there against his chest. And him, the same dark curls, but with a broadening hint of gray, gentle blue eyes veiled in sleep. The soft rise and fall of their breathing, I can so easily imagine the steady, lullaby rhythm of his heart so close to her head. July 1437 S.R. "Da?" "Yes, Dilly?" "Why is the sky blue?" "Well…uhm…because the Valar made it that way?" "Oh…alright. Why did they make it that way?" "Uhmmm…" March, 1429 S.R. Her hands are so tiny…so very, very small…delicate, short little digits, skin so soft and white. Perfect. So petite as to almost seem insignificant in the world of such great things, and yet they are so valuable, so very dear. She has just started to curl her fingers around my own, her entire fist only able to encompass one of my fingers. There are no scars, no spots or imperfections on her baby fine skin, no evidence of rough play or long afternoons of sewing, writing, working; all those everyday activities that serve to portray the passing of time and … life. She is so new, so innocent, perfect and small. Her life is at the beginning of its span…"Down from the door where it began…" This is the door from whence her life begins, the beginning of all she will be, and do, and live for. A beginning… November, 1437 S.R. I made a pie for Da today. Mum helped me, as it was my very first time to make anything in the kitchen. Daisy's mother and Elanor let her help sometimes too, but she has never made anything all her own before. But I have. Just today in fact. I hope Da likes my pie. Mum says it may look a little funny, but it should taste quite fine, after all, it just gets mushed around in your mouth anyway. I think she was worried that I felt bad because one side is higher than the other where I put too many apples in, and how the crust is more smooshed than crinkled nicely the way Mum is able to do it. I'm not worried though, Da can't make the pies look right either. They always fall in the middle, and they don't taste very good at all…Mum just laughs when Da tries to cook and shoos him out of the kitchen. She says she doesn't know how he managed to keep from starving during those years after Great Uncle Bilbo left. I'm not really sure what she's talking about though…I think it was a time before the Quest, and that makes Da sad to talk about. He wrote it all down though, there in the big Red Book. He told me that when I'm older, I can read it all the way through. Now he only reads me the funny parts, or the happy parts, just the things that give him that thoughtful, far-away look to his eyes. But that's another story, as Uncle Merry likes to say. Oh! Mum says it's time for dinner, so I'd best be going…need to make sure Da gets a piece of my very first pie! September 27th 1421 S.R. Melilot hates that look, the one where he seems to be off at another place…another time. She knows he is thinking about what would have been…could have been…perhaps even should have come to pass for all of them. The blank, far away dreamy look, the one where his blue eyes take on that darker, sea-in-a-thunderstorm color, unfocused and pensive; and that sad, sad smile that's really more of a grimace twists his features into someone she doesn't recognize. That is the look he wears when he wonders…and Meli doesn't like for him to wonder. To remember, to think of what has been. It scares her. The Ring, and the Journey, and the evil…all so real and yet almost terrifyingly impossible…it seems a horribly fantastic dream that he even came back at all…and he knows it. They all do. He, and Mayor Samwise, and Cousin Merry and Mister Pippin…they all know what the likelihood was, and none truly expected to ever return. Meli worries that by thinking too much about what could have been, the what is could be destroyed, taken away from them all forever. Just as it was allowed to begin, perhaps beyond the watchful eyes of scheming fate, it could be taken away, and the present would become one of the could-have-beens. Melilot doesn't like those thoughts. Yule, 1427 S.R. He loves the way she laughs when he twirls her 'round like that. You can see it there, like a little spark in his eyes. During the quest I wondered sometimes if he'd ever get that look back…And then when I married my sweet Rosie that midsummer day, and he looked so sad; like a dog left out all night in the rain. I don't know if anyone else could rightly see it, but I could, and I've always had a suspicion Rosie could too. I think that's why she brought Mistress Meli up to Bag End that afternoon a few months after. Rosie's always been good at lookin' after a hobbit when she's of a mind to. I'm certainly glad she took an interest in Mr. Frodo like that. It's done him a world o' good it has. I remember when we were younger, before the Quest and all that horribleness. He used to dance, did Mr. Frodo, laugh and bounce and swing around with any lass who was willin'. It was like 'e was a different person during those parties, not that quiet, bookish Master he was all the other times. Now he only dances with her -- well, and when he plays with my little Ellie. How Mistess Meli laughs when he plays with Elanor and Frodo lad…she loves to see him so happy and not hurting, being able to remember how good it all was…before. But for now, there they go, spinning and skipping along in perfect time, so light and bouncy and quick. Frodo's wearing his good weskit and velvet coat, the gold watch chain of his father's shining from his pocket. And Mistress Melilot, she's dressed up in a wine red gown, full skirts and ribbons in her dark red hair, beaming up at him, laughing breathlessly all the while. Light seems to shimmer from them both, highlighting his dark curls and her auburn tresses, catching the gold of his buttons and the seed pearls at the hem of her skirts. Everywhere they go a whirlwind of laughter, of color, of light. She's his precious now. July 27th 1436 S.R. "And what does this letter sound like?" "Uhh…Buh? Does it make a sound like Buh, Da? I can't remember that one very good…" Two dark brown heads were bent over the cluttered old desk in the study of Bag End. The older head, now liberally streaked with silver, nodded in approval, pleased that the hobbit lass was getting on so well. "Not good, love, 'I don't remember that letter as well,' he gently corrected." The pair were settled down into a single chair, the lass sitting upon her father's lap, both looking down at a sheet full of carefully described letters and