A/N: I know what you're thinking - didn't I already post this story? And the answer is yes and no. I've changed it once again (for the better) and this time the whole thing is done. I plan on posting each month separately. Which means it should be about 12 or so posts. This is an original story which I tried to change the names of the characters into Twilight ones so if the descriptions don't match, let me know and I'll correct them. I also left some of the originals in place. I just like it better that way. I hope this version isn't too confusing. The usual disclaimer: Twilight is Stephenie Meyers, all else is mine. ._. Ch 1 September – First Meeting Isabella Swan was a sophomore at Arizona State University in Phoenix. She had chestnut hair and a pale complexion, though over the summer her favorite recreational sport was bike riding. Her best friend and neighbor since they were thirteen was Angela Weber. That was the age Isabella's mom started dating again and the house always had a strange man in it. As Isabella grew, creepy guys were a staple in her home and she began to equate the accidental touches from these men as assaults to her person. This led to physical contact with any male into a taboo. At first Isabella was in an all-girls university, but since no one she knew went there she transferred and was lucky enough to share a dorm room with Angela. They were watching the end credits for a chick flick when she asked, "Did you ever have that feeling of lightning striking when you met someone? Do you think it's true that this person could be the one?" "Nah. The whole zap life change at the face of a stranger— kind of ridiculous," the other responded. "Yeah. If such a thing did exist, I would probably run." "Thinking about Robert?" "Well ..." "It's too bad I didn't get to meet the jerk. I would have kicked his butt. Using you like that to win over Jessica," Angela said. "What an A-hole." "I felt really dumb. I'm so glad he doesn't go to this school. If I had to see his face every day, it would be awful." Isabella resolved, "I should've listened to my stomach. The moment that weird feeling started—" "You mean the butterflies?" "Huh?" "The fluttering around feeling like butterflies when someone gets too close?" her friend interpreted. "Yeah. It meant trouble." "It meant you liked him." "Which meant, I'm in trouble! " Angela just laughed. She didn't understand it was more than just butterflies . Isabella's heart would race and she would feel as if bugs were crawling along her skin. A panic attack was a better name for it, but she was very good at hiding it. She would casually move aside or would pull away from them. It protected her from heartbreak, but also left her lonely. When Robert, an old classmate from elementary, entered her life, she wanted to be like the other college girls. She ignored the panic and let him get close. Unfortunately, he was using her to make someone else jealous. Angela changed the subject. "Hey, remember that 'Youngest To Do' program we watched the other day? It talked about this young business genius named Edward Masen?" "Yeah what about it?" "Well the buzz in the Business and Finance department is he's coming here, to ASU," she stated. "To teach? That would be weird. Didn't it say he was nineteen?" "It would be a nice change from the aging faculty. You think he's cute?" Angela imagined. The other shrugged. "I'm going to jump into the shower before starting my homework." Angela headed to the bathroom. "Wait, I need to use the toilet," Isabella called. "Too late." The door slammed. "Use the one in the hall," she yelled from behind the door. Isabella left her dorm and entered the community restroom. Once she'd finished, she headed back to her dorm room. But then did an about-face, she stepped back in the bathroom leaving the door wide opened assessing her hair. At the same moment, a new student was getting an impromptu tour of the girls' dorms. Edward Masen, the business prodigy, bore a stunning resemblance oddly enough to Robert. They both had a flawless complexion, almost bronze hair worn short and carefully tousled with dark green eyes and a pointed nose, which rounded at the tip. At five foot eleven inches tall it seemed the combination couldn't possibly be duplicated coincidentally. He came to ASU to get his official degree in business with a minor in psychology. At the moment, he was the CEO of an investment company, which was started by his deceased father. He figured, since he needed to run a business, he might as well prove to the big shot competition that he knew what he was doing. The resident advisor (RA), Tyler, took Edward to the female dormitory first, so he could visit his girlfriend, Lauren. Several girls peeked out of their rooms to discover why there were boys' voices in the corridor. Edward couldn't help looking around glancing through doorways. There are so many pretty girls. I'll never get any school work done , he thought. Just then he glanced into the restroom spotting the back of a girl in a black spaghetti strap tank top and short shorts. She was bent over pulling her shoulder length hair over her face. Through the reflection he met one deep brown eye and then he looked away. Isabella quickly hid behind the door. "What is Robert doing here?" she whispered to herself. After a moment she carefully stepped out, checking to see if he was still out there, noticing girls out in the hall. It occurred to her something was going on, but she just quickly headed for her room. Edward turned around at that moment and saw a female figure retreating away and exited through a door. Tyler took Edward to the male dormitory building next to find his dorm room. He received a more expensive single. He unpacked his things and wished he had his assistant to get him organized. He called up Mr. Jay, his personal assistant in Chicago, to hire someone to help ease the transition into college life. Mr. Jay made some calls and set up interviews with college students for the next day. Edward interviewed several students, one of which was Isabella. Once she saw him, her cheeks instantly reddened, because of his resemblance to her ex. It dawned on her it must've been him the other day and not Robert. Since he failed to show any recognition of her, she took a few deep breaths to calm down. Edward found her very efficient with all her extracurricular qualifications. She seemed like an overall pleasing person and there was something else. He instantly hired her. Isabella helped him find his classes and showed him all the short cuts to get to any building he needed quickly, but she never spoke to him on a social level. She always wore a baseball cap and her chestnut hair in a ponytail. A bit embarrassed about the incident she hoped he would never recognize her. After a week of this, he decided to break the ice. Using her first name he began, "So Bella, you seem really wound up, all business-like. You should really loosen up. I like to know a little about my employees. Tell me about yourself." Her face paled as she felt a moment of dread. The last thing she wanted was for him to realize he knew more than he should about her undergarments. "Uh, what do you want to know?" He didn't understand what was wrong, so he decided maybe she would be more comfortable if he shared too. "Tell you what, I'll go first. You could call me Edward. No more of that 'Mr. Masen' business and I'm originally from Chicago. I'm getting a business degree, although I'm not sure which, specifically. I have no siblings and I like the color purple, the actual color not the movie." She smiled at the joke. "I know who you are. I once saw you on TV. Why are you taking business, when you should really be teaching it?" "I'm just trying to make my knowledge of business official. I don't want people thinking I'm coasting on my father's dime. Besides, there are other things I could learn. This university offers lots of different subjects I'm interested in. Psychology for example, it fascinates me." "Well you already know I'm a Liberal Arts major. I basically want to taste a bit of everything." She looked down for a second and then said, "Could you please, call me Isabella? I hate it when people call me Bella ." "Okay Isabella ." He gave her his million watt smile and her middle gave an involuntary flutter. Just then his cell phone rang. It was Mr. Jay reminding him about the Benefit Dinner planned here to show the clients Edward was still on top of things at his company. He snapped his phone shut and looked at her. "Isabella I need a favor," he said. "There is a Benefit Dinner I need to attend and I want to bring a date." She froze for a moment, but he didn't notice. "There was this girl I saw once, I want to ask. What kinds of things impress girls here?" "Oh, I don't think you'll have a problem impressing girls." She smiled shyly lowering her eyes. "I guess flowers or chocolates. Just stick to the classics." "The classics …" he pondered. "Good idea. Do you know where I could get a suit?" ._. Edward walked quietly up the stairwell to the mystery girl's dorm building reaching up to the correct floor. He held a small bouquet of half a dozen flowers, each a different color and style. He gently pulled open the door, peering in to see if any students were in the hall. It was already late in the evening. People were expected to keep quiet at this hour. He reached to the door he saw the girl enter and knocked upon it. "Who's there?" a young voice asked. Edward put the flowers behind his back. He cleared his throat and said his name. The door opened to a honey highlighted brunette with light brown eyes. "Hi. Could I help you with something?" Angela asked. "Um, I'm looking for someone. Is there a girl with brown straight hair and dark brown eyes sharing this room with you?" She nodded. "Bells!" she called behind her, "Get over here. There's a cute guy here for you." She turned back to Edward. "I'm Angela by the way." "Nice to meet you." Isabella walked into view and his jaw dropped along with the flowers. "Uh—" "You know I hate being called—" She spotted the floral deposit behind him. "What's … going on? "I came here to find … but it couldn't be—" His eyes glanced down her body then up again and he smiled. "It's you. I saw you that first day. You were wearing—" "Hey!" she interrupted. Her heart raced as color rose in her cheeks. One arm crossed over her chest holding her bicep to squeeze herself in a subconscious covering up. "Angela, can you excuse us?" Angela went into the room while Isabella stepped farther out and spoke to him in a whisper. "I thought you didn't remember." He bent down to pick up the arrangement. "These are for you," he offered. She shook her head. "I don't want them." She pushed them gently away. "But I want to ask you to the Benefit. You're the girl I saw …" His eyes dropped to her body again. "Stop! Stop looking at me that way." The imaginary bugs were crawling all over her. "There were plenty of girls out admiring you that day. Why don't you ask