Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. It belongs to J. K. Rowling, Warner Bros and Bloomsbury. I only own the original plot ideas and concepts that I implement in this piece of fiction to make it a bit more original and entertaining. Make sure to read the A/N at the end of every chapter to catch any news about the story. Enjoy! A few pointers before we start the chapter. AU: Magical cores are a thing. Not everyone has the same magical potential. Wizards and witches can tap into the ambient magic for the most powerful rituals and spells, but it is extremely difficult and very few can do it. AU: There are ancient and noble houses. The Sacred Twenty-Eight are such houses. House Malfoy is not one of the Sacred Twenty-Eight since they are originally from France, and the Sacred Twenty-Eight refer to the founding British families of Magical Britain. The Potters, however, are a member of the Sacred Twenty-Eight, since their ancestry can be traced back to the Peverell Family, who were one of the many that led the foundation of Magical Britain. AU: Britain's Wizard/Witches Population is slightly over than 20,000, instead of just a few thousand. I believe that's all for now. If you are not put off by the summary nor by what I established above this final message, then I truly hope you enjoy the story. Magical Beginnings "Hmph, that's a look that suits you, boy." Harry ignored the gleeful smugness radiating from his horse-faced and giraffe-necked aunt as he stared with horror into the mirror. She had cut his hair… and rendered a mess. One side of his was shaved and the other want had undulating lines shaved through it. To be completely honest, it was awful. "I can't go to school like this!" Harry exclaimed, turning towards his cruel aunt with watering eyes behind his glasses. She sneered. "I don't care, boy. Go to your room and make sure to wake up early so you can prepare breakfast." Hearing the vindictiveness in her voice, Harry hurried out of the bathroom, a deep scowl on his childish face. He didn't know why his relatives treated him so bad, as he had done nothing to warrant the treatment. The just hated him for no reason. Harry wanted nothing more than to move out of this house but he was only six years old and he had nowhere to go. He had tried to bring up the issue of his treatment to teachers in the school. They had promised to look into it to see if he was telling the truth but after a few days they seemed to lose interest, even refusing to talk to him. It was very weird but there was nothing he could do about it since it has happened multiple times already. Harry reached his 'room', which was the cupboard under the stairs of the house. He slipped inside, closed and locked the door and laid on his bed, curled up like a baby. A few seconds later and he began to sob, wishing with all his might that the treatment from his relatives stopped. He also wished for his hair to magically grow back so he wouldn't be laughed at while in school. Harry felt a tingling sensation on the back of his head. There was a comforting warmth running through his body and he suddenly felt more exhausted than ever before. He fell asleep, not having enough time to wonder about the bizarre occurrence. Harry woke up the next day feeling lethargic and slightly tired, but he still rose from his bed and went outside and into the kitchen so he cpuld prepare breakfast for everyone else. He was in the middle of spreading butter into a few loafs of breads when a horrified shriek coming from the entrance of the kitchen made him jump and drop the knife and the bread. He turned sharply and saw a pale Petunia Dursley, shaking as she pointed at his head. "What?" "Yo-yo-you freak! You grew your hair back! I knew you were one of them! Freak!" Harry filled that commentary about him being 'one of them' for later. With wide eyes, he reached for his head and he smiled happily as he felt his mane of rich black hair resting on his head. He didn't know what happened, or how it was possible, but the important thing was that it had happened. Also, this probably had to do with him being 'one of them', whatever that meant, according to Aunt Petunia. He grinner at her and she surprised him when she took a step back in fear. He filled that for later too. "Oh? I didn't notice, though, I'm glad it grew back," said Harry happily before he picked up the knife and bread he had dropped. He threw the dirty bread into the trashcan and washed the knife so he could use it to continue spreading butter on the bed. Under the horrified eyes of Petunia Dursley, Harry continued to cook breakfast, humming a happy tune. XXXXXXXXXX "What is the meaning of this, boy?!" "Those are my grades, Uncle Vernon. I was in the top of my class." Vernon Dursley skin became purple with rage. "It's impossible that you managed to get better grades than our Dudley! You must have cheated somehow!" Harry gave Vernon an incredulous look, silently asking him if he was stupid. "I didn't cheat! I study every day and I always do my homework. Dudley just lazes around and bullies everyone else! Obviously, I'm getting better grades than him!" Vernon roared and smacked him over the head, sending him to the floor with a pained yelp. "Stop spewing lies boys!" He seethed, his face going from purple to blue in his rage. He picked Harry up by the scruff of his neck and dragged him to his cupboard, where he shoved him in. "You will be confined here for the next week, with only water and bread to eat once a day as punishment!" Harry grabbed his head where he had been hit, sobbing and seething as it throbbed with pain. His uncle was a big man, in every sense of the world, and his hits hurt. Not like he seemed to care since he took every chance to hit him. Luckily, he never took it too far for whatever reason. Harry was thankful for that, since he feared for his life every time Uncle Vernon got angry for some stupid reason and blamed Harry. A few minutes later, the throbbing pain dulled enough that Harry stopped crying and he glared at the door. If Uncle Vernon refused to see the truth then Harry didn't care. He was still going to be getting the best grades he could because he wasn't about to hold himself back so his pampered pig of a cousin could feel better about himself. He was still going to do his best at school. If Uncle Vernon continued to believe that he cheated, then it was his problem for being such a daft moron. His only worry was that he would punish him like this every month his grades were delivered to them. He refused to talk to the teachers, since thy proved to be ineffective whenever he asked for help about his home life. It was weird, and extremely suspicious, since they could help him just fine with any other thing. Sadly, he couldn't do anything about it because he was just a kid. But he hoped the situation could be solved soon. Anyways, Harry refused to be worse than Dudley, just because his evil relatives wanted him to do so, and he decided that he could take the confinement punishment. They wouldn't bother him and he could study and read all he wanted without his cousin bothering him. His real worry was the lack of food. He had enough common sense to deduce that only having water and bread for once a day was bad for the health, and he refused to let his relatives harm him more than he did. It took him a few minutes more, the pain coming from his head was mostly gone, to get an idea. He decided to smuggle a few snacks everyday into his 'room' just before the day the reports were sent. That way, if he hid the snacks well enough, he could have something to eat while in here. He was not going to let the Dursley's starve him when they already did so much to him. Sadly, he was going to starve this week, but he promised himself that it was going to be the first and last time it happened. A month passed and the days preceding the reports Harry smuggled bottles of juices, crackers, sweets and cans of jam into his cupboard, where he hid them under and behind his med. His room was always dark, which helped hide the food. Thankfully his relatives never ventured inside, so he was safe to hide as much food as he wanted as long as it wasn't in plain sight from the door. Finally, the day of the report arrived, and just like he expected, Vernon roared for him with a purple, angry face as he waved his report card around. "You cheated again, boy?! Don't you learn?! And don't you dare lie!" Harry glared at him, making Vernon recoil slightly in fear, which Harry also filled in for later. "Those are my grades and I earned them fair and square by putting the effort Dudley doesn't," said Harry firmly. "You can ask the teachers if you want to see the truth for yourself." Vernon turned blue. "That's it!" Roared Vernon before he smacked Harry on the head and shoved him into the cupboard, bellowing the same punishment terms as the last month when this happened. Amidst the pain and tears, Harry smiled, though many would classify his expression as a triumphant smirk. XXXXXXXXXX "There's the freak! Get him!" Harry only needed to hear the aggressive and annoying voice of his cousin to jump to his feet from where he was sitting, reading a book which he tucked in between his arm and torso, and bolted. He could hear Dudley and his gang of bullies screaming insults at him but he paid them no mind and continued to run. He was used to be insulted so it was easy to ignore them. Dudley had not agreed with Harry's refusal to do worse than him and had taken upon himself to make Harry's life miserable. He made sure that no one became his friend by bullying and tormenting those that attempted to. And lastly, he had taken to play what he referred as 'Harry Hunting', with his friends. Harry wasn't amused and was quickly growing annoyed by it. He couldn't confront Dudley and his goons since they surpassed him in numbers and if that wasn't enough, they were all taller than him by a few inches. His only saving grace was that he was faster than almost all of them except for Pierce Polkins, who matched his running speed. Because of this, Harry usually got away before they beat him up, but there were a few times where he had been caught and kicked and punched all over his body. That needed to stop, but Harry couldn't think of a permanent solution. Dudley didn't bully him in school, as the few times he had attempted to do so had ended up with him being punished by the teachers. Nor he did so in the house since Harry spent all the time in his cupboard, which Dudley refused to even approach. The thing is that Harry loathed to depend on others, much less the Dursley's, whenever he wanted to solve an issue about himself since over and over those he sought for help failed him and everything he had managed to do in order to make his life a little easier