Written for the 2017 HP Kink fest on Livejournal, with the fabulous ladyofsd's delicious prompt: a period piece, with gloved hands. With endless thanks to the women who helped and inspired: AdelaideArcher, Banglabou, Ms Athrop & HelenaRickman. I would also like to tip my bonnet to the motley crew of men that influenced this story: Mr. Rochester, Nick Cave, and Ravenscar (Georgette Heyer). : There she stands, this lovely creature There she stands, there she stands With her hair full of ribbons And green gloves on her hands So I asked this lovely creature Yes, I asked. Yes I asked Would she walk with me a while Through this night so fast She took my hand, this lovely creature "Yes," she said, "yes," she said. "Yes, I'll walk with you a while…" Nick Cave & the Bad Seeds Undone She dreamt of his hands. Pale, long-fingered. Marked; harsh. Short nails and rough edges. They were open to her scrutiny in the classroom. Ingredients were readied, the knife was held—the voice instructed, soft-as-ice—and the hands bore down: crushing, slicing. Outside the castle, winter leaves were thrown across the sky. Cold seeped in; her many layers did not protect Hermione Granger from the chill. She sat at the laboratory table, waiting for the moment that the dark, foreboding man lifted his hand in a gesture for the class to begin their own preparations. She watched his hands so closely that she discovered a thin spread of dampness under his right palm, lying flat and still on the surface, as his left commanded the cauldron. Her eyes tracked his every movement. : Hogwarts was strange, a twisting fullness. The war left burnt walls; black floors. Heels echoed. Her belly was oddly empty; without the frenzied, hopeless energy of the previous months, Hermione retreated. Essays were completed; notes were taken; letters were dutifully read and replied to. She gave what she must, and hid what lay beneath. : Harry and Ron did not return for the final school year. Relief was heavy, riddled with guilt. Their time in the wilds whilst searching for Horcruxes left her with no prospects at all of a match within the English magical community; the impropriety of their desperate feat remained, despite success. It was simpler to walk the school without the boys, now that the shock had worn off and she had become quite the pariah of iniquity. She never thought of considering the non-Magical world to be easier – but it was. She had plans—many—and yet, Hermione treasured the thought of removing herself after her post-Hogwarts education. : The Professor would be behind his desk. She knocked; once. "Enter," he said, in a voice of dark, morning mists and black sky over the moors. She dithered. Their fortnightly progress meetings were painful – he often saw through her, as he always had. Just before his ire was bound to flourish, she opened the door and slipped inside, leaving it glaringly open as propriety dictated. "Miss Granger. Sit, if you please." The chair was comfortable; a recent surprise. "Good morning, Professor Snape." Hermione crossed her ankles. Her black student robes felt all-encompassing and comforting. Why did he return? He came with no fanfare, no announcements. She simply took her seat at the end of the Gryffindor table on the first night, and he was at the high table, snapping a napkin over his lap with fastidious fingers. Longer hair, whiter skin. Robes of midnight. It was odd, indeed, to act as if May did not occur, when she was spreading healing salve over his neck and tipping potions between his open lips on the dirty floor of the Shrieking Shack. He stared at her from across the desk. Had she forgotten— "Your journal, Miss Granger." "Oh. Of course." She was determined to remain collected, even though the room felt entirely too small for his proximity. Very good, Hermione. Snape steepled his fingers. They were not required to successfully invent a new potion, or even modify one – rather, they were expected to try , and to document, and evaluate. The black leather journal that greeted them on each of their desks upon their first lesson still carried the dark scent of polish and crisp parchment. She handed it over. She was hoping to modify a healing salve to be useful for house elves; Tip the she-elf proudly handed over her gnarled hand each fortnight for Hermione to rub on each adjusted mixture, hoping to remove uncomfortable scars that remained from the final battle. One long, thin finger dragged out the red ribbon that marked the current page. There was a slow and steady coiling throughout her body as that very finger tapped on the desk as he read. It was unrecognisable. Books told her of burning love and ardent affection. But they did not confess to a peculiar, aching sensation that bloomed constantly, without the reprieve of a closing bud. She trembled, once. Snape's eyes—black as coal—flicked up and over her. He frowned, and she did not know what to do with her gaze. Finally she looked down at her gloved fingers, twisting and pulling at the delicate material. "You are progressing well," he declared in a low voice. "I trust there were no incidences after the adding of the lavender?" "None at all, sir." "I see that you persisted with reducing the flame, despite my advice." He pressed his lips together. "And the result?" "Ah." She uttered an awkward little hum. "No negligible change or improvement." "As I thought," he said shortly. "Otherwise – good. I approve of this"—he pointed to her inked question mark beside Dried dittany? —"but not of anything to do with a bezoar. On its own, the stone is sufficient for poison. Using it to embellish something else is wasteful." "Would it not increase the healing power?" she ventured quietly, tilting her head. Gloves were forgotten, and she met his dark eyes. "I had thought to try… conduct an experiment, perhaps. After all, this is not for poison…" "Then on your purse be it, if you know best," he muttered. "You know where the order form is for the apothecary. Two weeks, as before. Have you drained the coffers yet, or are there still funds in the account established by your father?" Hermione coloured briefly as she thought of her parents, returned now from their forced sojourn to the North Yorkshire moors for an extended visit with a distant cousin. Her father had indeed paid her fees for the subject, though not without pursed lips. "There is enough." "For how many attempts after this?" he asked, just a flash of sarcastic amusement in his voice. "Each attempt that is deemed ill-advised will be from the student's own funds," she parroted blandly. "I should think that I have three more attempts remaining, sir." "Proceed, then. Take the form and be off with you." She rose from the chair and smoothed down her robes. "Thank you kindly, Professor." Despite her politeness, he had never budged from strict gruffness. Which was an improvement on meanness, she knew. Hermione walked towards the bookcases that lined the walls. On one, set on the middle shelf, was a stack of parchments tied with a white ribbon. Slowly, she slid the top sheet out, eyes fixed on the other shelves. Books upon books upon books… she was filled with a sudden wish to seize them all and transport them somewhere, anywhere, to create a private space, somewhere that only she could access, with knowledge and quietness and a distinct lack of gossip conducted in shadowy corners. A cottage – or a townhouse away from a high street. No bustling carriages. No yapping dogs or loud market stalls. Silence. But— "Miss Granger," said Snape flatly, admonishing her in tone if not with words. Turning on her heel, she fixed a bland smile on her face. "I shall return the form to you after class tomorrow morning, sir, with the money." She would go to the library now, and spend her time slowly marking each section of the order form. Tedious, but it would certainly save her from the emotional drama of paying attention to her surroundings, and thus whispering classmates who either thought her heroine or harlot. She could not prevent a last, desperate look around his quiet office. He stood swiftly and nodded to her departing curtsey. She was at the threshold before he cleared his throat loudly. "You may stay," he offered, voice thick with something that she might have thought was hesitation if he were another man. "That is, if you wish." He gestured vaguely to the door on the other side of the room. "I shall be brewing – undisturbed, mind you." "If you consent to it, I would like nothing more, sir," she exclaimed, stepping back into the room. There was no hiding the hot, mortifyingly eager blush on her cheeks. "Merlin knows this would be a—" "Yes, yes," he grumbled, waving off her eager acceptance. Without another word, he strode through the other door and shut it with a thud. "—a great improvement," Hermione finished in a whisper, staring at the closed door. Silently she crossed the room and laid her palms on it, listening to the clinking sounds of instruments being sourced and readied behind the wooden barrier. It took her a long while to turn around again and sit herself in her usual chair before turning to her work. Her heart was racing; her mind could not be ordered to task. She stayed in his office, drinking in the scent of the air – of him. It was thick; ripe. She put out her tongue and tasted it. : On the same Thursday evening, on each second week, she sat in his office, work spread over the desk. With every fortnight, Hermione became bolder, more at ease. She closed the door to the dungeon corridor, now, and he— The Professor now left the laboratory door open, just a tiny space, just a small slice of warm light to fall out of it and cast a glow upon her hands as she worked. She was so quiet that her breaths felt too loud. Barely breathing, Hermione wrote line after line of class work and project plans to the sound of a rod scraping the bottom of a cauldron; a measuring spoon set down; a flask decanted. She could sense the oft unforgiving man in the other room. She was aware of him, in a way that seemed to slowly slide its way inside of her, until she found that she was looking forward to each quiet evening near him. The relief of the revelation was sharp and unrelenting. She lived for his strange and welcoming—though indubitably he did not mean to act so—presence. : She dreamt of his hands. Elegant, ivory-coloured. Spidery; delicate. Full of purpose. In the evenings, she mapped how his fingers curved around the door handle to the laboratory. How they laced together over his lap when first they speak. How one—one tantalising, enthralling—finger would tap his cheek—chin, brow, nose—as he read her journal notes. Thursday now, and chastened by her wayward thoughts, Hermione gathered her books and stood. She arched her neck, stretching out the stiffness. He was never here when she departed – rather, he stayed cloistered away, as if to prove that if he was not suffering her presence, then surely he was begrudgingly allowing it. She was at the door to leave when he spoke. "Miss Granger." Gasping, she turned, unprepared after his silent entry to the room. "Professor Snape!" "I startled you," he said, face falling into a scowl. "Forgive me," was uttered seemingly automatically. The witch did not even begin to consider the possibility that he meant it. Nodding, she gathered herself. "Merely taken by surprise, sir. I did not expect you." He took a step. "An odd turn of phrase. Do you ever?" "You are right – no." "And yet these are my rooms."