Written for the 2016 SSHG Gift Fest over on LJ. The style of this story is entirely for cabepfir, a writer I admire very much. Recipient: cabepfir Title: Definition Author/Artist: lena1987 Rating: PG13 Word Count/Art Medium/Craft Material: 4345 Content: Very vague/distant references to work camps, breast cancer. Disclaimer: All recognizable characters belong to JK Rowling and associates. No copyright infringement intended. Summary: Slow and steady goes the spy. Until he doesn't. Dystopian AU. Author's Note: With thanks to M & C. Definition 22 nd of November, 1998 Complacency is a curious thing. If it were my book that held the sliver of parchment, it would be marked at: uncritical. Quiet, perhaps. Careful. An interesting observation – albeit pointless. I left a small Notice-Me spell tied to: powerless. l l Dear Mum, I am tempted to write that this is pointless. Well, it is. This letter is pointless, and yet here I am, scrawling away. The candle is burned down almost to the quick – is that hilarious to you? It is to me. 2001. My candle is almost out. I can't use magic here. I don't know how else to explain my situation. l l 19 th of March, 1999 The psychological effects of slavery are numerous. I am unsure which Granger displayed first; the meekness, or the acquiescence. Both are out of character – as a student, I found her brash and far too bold. In the first few months of her first year, she covered her loneliness with a thirst for coursework. She would inch into my office, an exemplary example of Cousin Itt, and clear her little throat. ' Good morning, Professor Snape, sir,' she would say from under that horrid sprawling bush of hair, having always chosen to visit me during my previously silent free hour between 8 and 9 on Thursdays. By her third month, I was having trouble coming up with new ways to discourage her at face value. By her sixth month, there was a stack of parchment on closest bookcase to the door. Added to my wards – never! But she came to be a regular fixture each Thursday, knocking thrice and darting in with a close-to-shrill 'GoodmorningProfessorSnapethankyouverymuchIhopeyouarewell!' – she never seemed to draw breath. Anyway, she would take an assignment, or a reading suggestion, from the stack. On the Thursday after, it would be submitted before she slid another task from the pile. Should I have known then that the practice would continue until that fateful night when she came for additional work—supposedly—and stayed to assist a stunned Flitwick instead? Possibly not. l l I am supposed to be assisting with brewing. But how can I do that, when I have no wand? I am unsure, really, how our arrangement even began. Not the servitude - that was surprising, albeit better than expected. Not even Snape – at the time, the thought of living in his home was enough to make vomit seep into my mouth. I spat it out at his feet during the binding. Rather mortifying, but like many things, it cannot be taken back. I mean, I always knew he was… well, no. I don't have to be all-knowing here, do I? He has, for the most part, been on our side. I knew that – I know that. And yet, this is his skill: doubt. He nurtures it. Encourages it. Coaxes it into a festering creature. And he is good at it, Mum. I doubt him constantly. Or, I did. So, to the beginning. We lost – of course you know this, if indeed you received the owl from Bill. But neither of you are short tools from the box; I assume that you put two and two together. I heard that the Dark Lord—sorry, habit—destroyed a bridge or two in the early days after his victory. Ah, what a victory it was! Is. Present tense works here, Mum, I tell you. Remember at the kitchen table one summer, when you once said to me: "Don't you think it's strange that T.R. didn't just finish Harry off over the years while he was at Hogwarts? A mastermind wizard, or what have you, against a child?" And I said, "I do. I think it's because he's a psychopathic, egotistical terrorist who refuses to chance being bested." It still stands. Did you know… Harry Potter lives. l l 21 st of August, 1999 Yesterday, Himself ordered the killing of— Or not. He is so desperate to prove his cultured new-world-order, that he has a secretary. Someone takes notes of meetings. DEs guard wizarding streets to provide…security. It is laughable. I managed to record every name of those that have fled the country. I don't know what to do with those names. What use have I of two rag-tag Weasley brothers? A dissenting rabble of ex-students? Granger and I communicate through bookmarks left in dictionaries. The world is mad as it is. l l So he lives, yes. He wasn't supposed to – but if Fate is on my side, perhaps you'll hear more about that from the source. Anyway: he lives. As do I. And most survivors of the last battle—decidedly not capitalised—are still alive and kicking. Kicking weakly, to be fair. Is this inconceivable? I think so. Charity Burbage was eaten by a giant, magical snake. Harry Potter lives in a basement, along with most of the Weasley clan. Bill, who warned those that he could, and Percy, managed to escape before we were all rounded up. They've been permanently banished. T.R. doesn't care if they spread the truth far and wide – he's rather xenophobic, see, and is content to ignore all foreign opinions. I know all this because my captor, Lord Severus Snape—hah!—is a most treasured member of T.R.'s inner circle. And because S.S. also passes on every single titbit of information to… me. l l In the beginning—there was the Word, and the Word was absent—he didn't speak. Not at all. I have a small room on the second floor of the two-up, two-down. It is a tiny little thing. The first time I trudged up the stairs and found myself locked inside of it, I put out my hands from the bed and touched the opposite wall. It is my own little room under the stairs – of a sort. Worse, still, is the fact that it took me four entire cycles of the moon to fathom that Snape—unpleasant, dour, murderous, enigmatic Snape—had divided one already small room into two. The small thumps and ghosts of sounds at night belonged to him. So it is a three-up, two-down. Now I know that he refuses to sleep in his parents' room. He won't tell me why. l l Molly found a lump in my breast. That there is the official reason for my presence here, as a listed prisoner. You see, we couldn't use magic in the basement. I suppose they still cannot. They/we are all held for propaganda, you see, and for confusion. Twice now, my dead body has turned up on Wizarding streets, in revenge for rebel attacks. Each time, I have been 'spotted' afterwards out and about, being a good little non-witch and submitting to weekly check-ins with T.R.'s Ministry. I have not done any of these things, obviously. I have been here. The lump. Molly found the lump. It was part of her quest to be everything to all of us, sans magic. By the time her soft fingers pressed down on it, it had been inconveniencing me with painful flashes for a fortnight. I didn't mention it. What was the point? I was counting down the minutes until I could rename myself a Romanov and be true to it, bar a jewel or two. That turned out to be wrong, but let it not be said that I was in my right mind in the basement. Because T.R. is magnanimous and generous, and wishes only the best for his flock, it was decided that a basement warded to not allow any magic—including remedies or diagnostics—was not the best place for me. Snape's doorstep, then. Oh, a cheerless place, Spinner's End. Cold. Dark. The foul stench of the canal. I struggle even to picture vessels venturing along on the rank water when the canal was in use. He opened the door with nary a sound, and spared no glance to the two portly guards standing at each shoulder. The first thing I noticed was that he was wearing his full, black teaching robes. They were a strange comfort – until I noticed his sour, thin-lipped face. "Granger," he grunted. "In." I gave him a little scoff. Tossed my head a bit. For pride. He turned and strode back into the house. There was a slight billow of the teaching robes. And that was it. Crabbe sounded terribly bored. "Glad he's got her. Never used to shut up in school." "Aye," grumbled Goyle. "Uptight little chit. This'll teach her. Teach all of 'em. Go in." He gave me a prod. "Get inside." l l 23 rd December, 1999 Christmastide is dark this year. Darker than the last – darker than even 1997, when I wondered if I would ever see the sun again thanks to the chill of His monsters. Today I found a bookmark nestled between the pages, with no clear indication of what it was referring to. It is possible that Granger wishes me to see either: Slow /sləʊ/ ADJECTIVE Moving or operating, or designed to do so, only at a low speed; not quick or fast. Or Slick /slɪk/ ADJECTIVE Smooth and superficially impressive but insincere or shallow. This does not bother me. Why should it? I have always toiled alone. Whether or not there are others in the dark, wide world doing the same as I is of no consequence. I do not trust any to lead a cohesive fighting group. The last time I gave my soul… And what of my soul? Mine? Lost. And maybe this is selfishness, but better a lone wolf—as I am—than a useless sod in a disorganised, hopeless unit. l l Servitude does not become me. Remember how messy my room was? Didn't you once find something so entrenched with mould, that you were unsure as to whether it even had life to begin with? Life beyond green, furry matter, of course. S had either received reports on my condition, or he cast his own spells the first night. I tasted complex potions during my first cup of tea. It was a cold morning. I was standing in the kitchen; hip leaning against a bench. He was looking at me from the table. I was willing my eyes to say: this means nothing – you and me. This façade. Nothing. I did not quite achieve that. He extended his long, wiry limbs and left the table. His thin lips were pressed together so firmly that they were all swallowed up in his mouth. I thought he would say something. I remember blinking rapidly; taking a step back. S merely stood in front of me, closely. We shared a breath. And then he shook his head and left the room. I bit my lip. Flicked my fingers against my cheek. Retrieved his plate from the table. Deliberated over it. And then I washed it. Done. l l There is no-one else in the house, save the silent Lord Snape. None but me – Hermione Granger, identification number… Interestingly, I cannot remember now what it was. T.R. seemed to take a perverse thrill from using it to name me, but S calls me nothing and the house does not speak. I was only blessed with an audience in front of the Dark Lord twice; his rasping voice uttering a few random numbers has left my memory. S has no house-elf. This is puzzling in and of itself, as all magical items can be cleaned by magical hands. Don't believe any weak excuses about delicate