Hey. This is my first Hunger Games piece so I really hope I do the character's justice as I highly respect both of them, and their creator. I've read quite a few FanFiction pieces about Katniss and Peeta growing back together, and I've loved every new insight and independent thought into those times between them. These have inspired me to try and switch it up, and hopefully do something that is original to growing together pieces, and share my own insight into Katniss and Peeta after the war. I have no beta, so all mistakes are my ow n. Disclaimer: I have no rights to the characters, and therefore I make no profit from this publishing. When Peeta planted the primroses, I had hope. Even after everything we had gone through together, we still managed to form a routine with each other, and sub consequently: grew together in the smallest of ways. We started with real or not real and tentative smiles, and before long we began to draw out the ghosts of our past selves just by being in the same company as each other. I hunted, he baked and we lived through the days by beginning them at the crack of dawn and ending them tired but satisfied. We both spent so long locked away in our homes in the beginning that our bodies started to decay around us. My back began to ache from the hunched position I took up in front of the fire and Peeta's leg needed the activity or he began to stare at it and go to a darker place. It was rough, and bumpy. We didn't always get in right and we were both still learning to function, always with the reminder that we survived when so many good people didn't, and we owed it to them to live a decent life. So after many weeks of our new found routine I began to settle into the idea that this would be it: what I would call life until I finally did die. It was peaceful, and really better than anything I could have ever dreamed of after two arenas and an uprising, and I knew Peeta felt much the same way. But we were both war hero's and paranoia was in the deal you made when you survived something traumatic. You find it hard to settle and you always wait for the other shoe to drop, for the illusion of safety to shatter around you. Hope quickly becomes a very fickle thing, and unbelievably hard to hold on to. Yet the hardest thing, maybe even harder than the ghosts you see and the dead you talk to, or the hallucinations of every murder you've ever been the cause of, is the sorrow you see in another person's eyes when they glance in to the distance and lose themselves to something else. I saw that in Peeta all the time, when he thought that I wasn't looking. The envious look that passed his face when he glanced at his missing leg, the agony that tightened his mouth when he walked on it for too long, and most of all the anger that made his whole frame tremble when he had flashbacks. They started almost immediately, although I suppose he must have been having them before he came back to twelve. I'd heard his episodes a few times since we'd began this dysfunctional routine of ours, and seen the destruction he could wreak when gripped by one. Sometimes I walked into a room torn apart by his hands and he stammered apologies and blushed with shame, and other times he gazed at me with a feral smile and dark eyes and I remembered every imprint of his fingers on my throat. But the first time I truly witnessed one from its beginning to its end was when he was making cheese buns. We were moving into midday but the sun was barely shining. We were laughing about something, which was unusual for us, so I should have known honestly. But Peeta's laughter abruptly cut off when he pulled out the cheese buns. I didn't understand, until I did. He had burnt himself. For a long time, he stared at the angry red mark on his skin, and my heart raced as I watched his face flicker between a thousand different emotions. I almost expected it when he turned to me, mouth twisted, eyes unfocused and burnt palm held out to me like an accusation. My breathing was fast and shallow, and I didn't know what to say, didn't know what to do because Peeta had always been the one who had a way with words, not me. He had a lot of them for me in that moment. "Fire. Mutt. Katniss. Bombs. Fire bombs, in twelve. Because of Katniss. Mutt, she's a mutt. She's a mutt!" I flinched, and it wasn't because he was shouting, or because he may have attacked me at any point, but because he seemed to be speaking to something else, to some one else. To himself. The other half of him, as if the hijacked Peeta was trying to convince my Peeta what I truly was. My Peeta. The baker, the painter and the boy with the bread. I said those things aloud to Peeta, not daring to move a muscle. "You don't take sugar in your tea, you sleep with the windows open and you always double knot your shoe laces... Peeta," I whispered. I'd said those things before, and it felt pitiful, that I only had the same handful of words as my defence. I should have run, or grabbed a weapon and protected myself. But I'd spent far too long fighting, and too long drawing blood, and too long causing violence so I didn't move, and that scared me the most. Because while I didn't actively seek my death, I didn't actively try to hold on to my life either. Peeta was panting, eyes crazed, cheeks flushed when he suddenly careened forward. I flew out of my chair, tipping it back so that it clattered to the floor in the otherwise hushed room. I expected him to come after me straight away, but he only wrapped his fist around the chair in front of him with a white knuckled grip. I guess I was actively holding on to my life after all. It took a while, but he calmed down and returned to me. He apologised, because he was Peeta but all I could find inside the swirl of emotions was hatred. Not for him, but for the Capitol; for Snow. Always for them, because Peeta was characterised by only a handful of things, and being a baker was one of them. He baked bread that saved mine and my family's life and cheese buns even when I didn't admit out loud how much I liked them. After the games he baked beautiful cookies for Prim, decorated in swirling icing that spelt out her name sake despite us having enough money to buy them straight out of the bakery. But despite all those beautiful creations that he crafted with nothing but happiness as his objective, in that tense, terrible moment he couldn't even look into the open oven without wanting to kill me. Soon the hatred tapered away, because my body rejected adrenaline as much as it rejected happiness and in dejected silence we cleared up the kitchen and threw away the cheese buns. Soon after that I found myself in a state of near living that I had been in since my return to twelve. Peeta blamed himself, and I blamed myself and the sorrow, and the guilt, the shame and the crushing grief blended into one big mix until Peeta gave into it and joined me in my comatose state. We were a mess, and I feared that we'd never be able to fix each other, because we couldn't fix ourselves. A week later and we were functional, and we tried again. More weeks passed, seasons blended into one another, although it was hard to tell in twelve where the sky still swirled with ash and kept everything awash in grey. We repeated the motions. I hunted, he baked and we smiled even when we didn't want to. Then we tried something new. At first it was sweet, and awkward. Love making. Full of promises and shy glances, hesitant touches and murmurs of reassurances, but then it became more primal, passionate and dirty. It was something we had never done and soon we were doing things we would never have dreamed of doing. We never spoke about it during the day, but at night Peeta made new memories with me. It was during those nights that I spoke the most, that I sang. The raw intimacy was such a large step for us: the boy who was used for the girl's survival, and the girl who couldn't even look at a man naked without blushing to the roots of her hair. The fact that we accomplished it together, that we crossed such a large chasm of doubt inspired us continuously, spurring us on when daylight came. Hope became so tangible, and I truly felt like the young girl I had always meant to be. I still didn't fuss with make up or hair, not that I could have done much with most of it still damaged and burnt from the bombs. All my clothes were simple and comfortable for my grafted skin, but I was flirtier and brazen. I would stroke a hand down Peeta's spine upon passing, or give him a suggestive look at just the right moment. But even those moments were not ours to keep or cherish. It became twisted and warped into something ugly, much like us. I woke one night to Peeta screaming. He screamed into his pillow, face down and I sat up abruptly, woken by the tortured cries. Worry that he would smother himself battled with the anxiety to try and retrieve him from his nightmare. His voice became hoarse soon after and his screams died out. His back was tense, shoulders tight and I extended a shaky hand to touch his damp head, intending to stroke his scalp until he relaxed back into sleep. Peeta began to scream the minute my fingertips sank into his wet hair. I jerked in fear, trying to decipher if the sound was fear or madness. Just as I was registering the scale tipping towards madness, I had been pinned before I could react, my wrists caught in one hand and his other spreading my thighs. "No!" I screeched, feet kicking. I fought and clawed his face, bucked my hips and bit all the skin available to me. He blocked me, his chest heaving, his eyes pinpricks in the night. "No," I moaned softly, giving in, giving up. Peeta's grin was feral; untamed. "Yes, filthy mutt. Filthy mutt whore! You fucked me for the cameras, you fucked Gale behind my back, laughing at me… always laughing…. you fucked Finnick in the arena..." he rambled. Ridiculous as it was to be hurt by things he said in the middle of an episode, I still gasped out a whimper of agony at his accusations. His hijacked self only said things buried in his subconscious and exploited by the Capitol. Was that truly how Peeta felt about me? That didn't coincide with the image I had of Peeta. He had cried the first time we slept together. Barely touched my skin when my clothes were off, revered and distraught in the same measure by the different tissue scars and skin colours patching my body together. I lifted my knee with a scream and landed it hard in his groin. He groaned and fell off to the side, his good leg barely keeping him from tumbling to the floor. Meanwhile I flew from the bed, a Mockingjay taking flight, tripping on blankets all the