The one thing Rosalie wanted, she could not have. After all, vampire women are not capable of having children. All of this changes when she meets Adze an orphan who has moved into the cabin in the woods. Just as Adze finds out that she has another side, a vampire side in her. W hat will happen when a certain werewolf imprints on her, changing her life forever? Will it be for the better, or will it make her life worse?. I drove down the narrow empty road taking in the rich green scenery. It was breath taking to say the least. This southern girl was definitely not in sweet Texas anymore. Forks weather was almost always gloomy and cold. Whilst Texas was completely the opposite compared to my new home. I would take some getting use to but I was sure I could make the most out of it. It was hard uprooting from home especially as a straight A sophomore. As I had finally approached my destination after such a long journey from Texas. I couldn't help but reminisce over the traumatising ordeal that had taken place over the last year. Flashback I'd never given much thought about to how I would die...well not until I was attacked that night by a vampire named Maria. She saw potential in me. I was a natural fighter and a resourceful one at that. She was intrigued by me. And that night had marked me. Three long ugly scars stretched across vertically from her forehead to the bottom of my chain. I had been lucky that their had been no damage to my left eye. Considering the scar tissue had been extensive even after going through several cosmetic surgeries to make the scarring less noticeable without much success. If it hadn't been for my father who spooked her. Just as Maria's teeth skimmed the Epidermis layer of my skin leaving a half crescent moon shaped scar on my left shoulder. I had fought her off admirably. If I was going to die then I would go out fighting. As her teeth punctured my shoulder everything melted and turned black before my very eyes as a thousand sharp needles pierced me everywhere with indescribably hot waves of excruciating pain. I didn't even get a chance to scream out as just as sudden as the pain had came it had ceased just as fast. I heard my father's voice in the nearby distance and the sound of gun fire that had distracted me as I focused on the police sirens and the reassurance of my father's voice as I was carried off on a stretcher. I had never felt so close to death in my life. I was determined never to experience it again. The pain I felt for all of a few seconds haunted me still to this day. It was as if I was being burnt alive by the hottest fires of hell. The pain seemed never ending as it consumed me. Those few seconds I knew I was as close to hell as I would ever get. I had woken up three days later in hospital with wires and medical equipment sticking in or on my arms. Apparent I was in a critical condition when I was rushed in. I was severely anaemic with a dangerous fever at one point spiking 107.6 F. The doctors were convinced that I would of died that night. Until unexpectedly I began to get better on my own. Later that day the local sheriff had stopped by and made me take a statement about the incident. He had misunderstood me thinking that Maria was one of those vampire fanatics rather than an actual real life vampire. Not that I could blame him anyway. It was all so surreal that vampires were not just fictional characters in films or romantic horror novels. It wasn't long after my run in with Maria that my father had been diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer. We made the best of the situation. Whilst we cherished the time we had left together. Travelling all around the world. It was the best and worse time of my life as 6 months after the diagnoses my father passed away peacefully in his sleep. I had learnt after his funeral that he had left me a small inheritance set aside. I got the keys to his red Ford Ranger pick-up truck. A couple of gallons of gasoline and $15,000 dollars. That he had saved from his pension. Back in the day he had been the US Marine Corps as a First Sergeant deployed in Iraq. So I thought moving to a new town after the untimely death of my father would be my chance. A chance to finally be normal. I decided to make the 36 and an hour half drive from San. Antonio, Texas to a miserable small town with a population of 3031 in Forks, Washington. Ever since Marina had attacked me. I had changed somewhat. I noticed a few things such as my senses had heightened I could see, smell and hear much better than the average person was capable of. I healed quickly from most minor injuries within a few hours. I could jump, run, climb and run faster than a profession athlete and that was saying something as I was never the athletic type. I used to get out of breath very quickly when my father forced me ever morning to jog three miles around the block. Twice a day from I was seven years old. Now I could run at an incredible speed that Usain Bolt couldn't match. Even my strength had increased not by much mind you. But enough to see an improvement. I could lift now around 20 kgs now. When I used to be only able to lift 10 to 15 kgs max before. As I pulled up to the drive way I saw a beautiful beautiful standing their with her blonde haired gorgeous husband who had an arm around her waist possessively. Mrs. Cullen had a small little cabin house out in the secluded forest up for rent. At a very affordable price. It was $450 dollars a fortnight I couldn't believe my lucky that I was the first one to enquire about it. Of course I snatched it up and put a deposit and three months rent down in advance. Stepping out of the truck I watched over to them as they gave me a friendly smile as Mrs. Cullen quickly covered her shock as she stared at my scarred face. I immediately looked down suddenly at an interest spot at my feet. Esme felt her heart down as she saw her new tenant. Their was no way the child was a day over Sixteen. The scars had stuck out like a sore thumb and she felt her motherly instincts kick in to comfortable the girl who shyly hide her face behind her hair ashamed. Esme couldn't understand why. She was still very beautiful. If Esme didn't know better she could swear that the girl looked like an altered version of Rosalie. Her curly caramel blond hair clashed perfectly with her maroon almond shaped eyes. Her skin was an olive sun kissed tan and she smelt of cherries and rain. They're was something about her that screamed a military background. Esme knew Jasper would take an interest in her. Knowing that she was from the south like him. She was tall at least 5ft 7. And her body had a feminine hourglass shape and touch of athletic prowess. The scars looked recent they were deep and red. It looked as if she had been scratched. Could it of been a vampire?. That had inflicted those upon the poor thing. Carlisle also took a moment to study the young woman. Before walking over to her with his wife in tow "Hello, Miss. Raynard. My name is Dr. Cullen. Please call me, Carlisle. This is my wife, Esme. You are more than welcome to pay us a visit or if you need anything. Forgive me if asking but aren't you a little young to be living independently?". He asked calmly stretching out his hand as I clasped it in my own and shook. It was cold and hard like granite. A feeling of dread hit me as I compared his striking features to Maria. There was no doubt in my mind. That Dr. Cullen was a vampire. But his eyes were different than hers. He had kind warm amber eyes whilst she had red. As I quickly found my voice unnerved by the man before me and his wife. "Hello, Carlisle. It is nice to finally meet you and you too Mrs. Cullen. And think nothing of it. I agree that I am a tad young to be living independently. But unfortunately there is nothing to be done about that. My mother died in childbirth and my father died last year of cancer. I was made a ward of a state and applied for emancipation. I decided that it was in my best interests to leave my home town after I was attacked last year". Esme frowned "I'm sorry to hear that dear, you poor thing. You're always welcome to stay with us if you prefer. I and my husband have five adopted teenage children a little older than yourself and a daughter in law named Bella who is currently on honeymoon with our first son, Edward". I smiled politely as I declined her generous offer "Thank you, Mrs. Cullen for your very kind offer. But I must decline. At least for now anyways. I hope you don't mind". Esme gave her a reassuring smile "Of course not dear. The offer is still open if you change your mind. And please call me, Esme". " Very well, Esme. And call me Adze. It's short for Adeline. I hope you don't mind me asking but are your adopted children like you?. I mean their isn't going to be an issue considering I human". I hinted. Both of them stiffened as Carlisle spoke "What do you mean, Adze?. Are you saying that I and my wife aren't human". He didn't sound offended but worried knowing that I knew their secret. I sighed "It's okay you know. I won't tell anyone. Trust me no one would believe me when I tried before. You're vampires. I've never met one with amber eyes before. How come there not red?". I asked curiously. Carlisle answered "It's our diet. We only drink from animals. That is why our eyes are red. You don't have to worry none of my children drink from humans either. You are in no danger from my coven. May I ask how you knew of us. You said that you tried to expose us before. But no one believed you". I nodded seething inwardly it was a touchy subject still "Remember when I told you that I was attacked. Well last year I was marked by a vampire named Maria. She told me that I had potential and have told me about her plans of rising a newborn army of vampires to protect her territory. Apparently I reminded her of a man she had turned called The Major. But before she could make me like her. My father spooked her. He fired his gun and attracted the attention of the local state troops. Maria said that she would track me down eventually and finish the job. So far I've avoided her and I would like to keep it that way. I have no intentions of being immortal. After all eternity is a long time to spend alone. So I decided that I would move to a small town in a secluded area to start anew". Esme smiled "The Major is our newest member of our coven. His name is Jasper Whitlock. He is mated to my adopted daughter Alice Cullen. Don't be surprised if they came over