Authors Note. I do not own any of these characters, they all belong to JRR Tolkien and his estate. With the exception of the elleth of my creation. I do have another account on where a version of this story is posted as well, however I began it nearly four years ago, with a two year hiatus, and since then have grown a lot in my writing and spent some time thinking over all of the things I could change. So I have decided to do just that. Any time character speaks in complete Italics, they are speaking in elvish. I love to hear from any and all of you that read my writing, it is one of my most favorite things to see. So please, do not hesitate to leave a review or private message me if you have anything to say. Thank you all, and I hope you enjoy reading! … .. The entrance to the forest of Mirkwood loomed imposingly overhead, the tall tree's reaching almost impossibly high into the sky and gently swaying in the breeze. The three smaller companions, two hobbits and a dwarf, shifted a little uneasily at the sight. All of their lives they had heard nothing but horror stories of the land within the woods, about dark and twisted creatures that lurked underneath the canopy. About the river that ran through the wood that had the power to put those into a terribly deep sleep, deeper than any have ever felt before. About the heavy air that descended confusion onto those trapped in it, causing them to forget all of their sense and wander in aimless circles. And worst of all, especially in the dwarfs case, of the proud and exceedingly dangerous elven king that dwelt in the heart of it. The company paused at the crest of the hill for a moment to take in the sight, except for the blond elf who called these dangerous tree's home. The entire morning's ride here, he had been incredibly restless, so much so that Gimli had neglected riding with him for the first time in many months and instead choose to share a horse with Aragorn. The dwarf had grown tired of his friends fleeting nature, and apparent burning desire to ride out to nearly every tree they passed on the road. While the others stopped for a moment, Legolas only spurred his horse ever faster, a grin nearly splitting his fair face as he finally raced towards his home. "Are we quite sure that it's safe?" Pippin asked, looking up and behind himself to look at the elf which he was riding with, face painted with worry. The oldest son of Elrond, Elladan, looked down at his hobbit companion with a small smirk playing on his lips, "No" Beside them, Aragorn gave his brother a withering look of disapproval, "Fear not Pippin. I am sure the elven king has set to driving out the darkness from his woods, and I would not be surprised if he had already rid the tree's of it completely. Besides, we plan to take the elven road, one of the only routes still able to be used even in the forests darkest times." Still, the hobbits nerves seemed not the slightest bit unruffled after Aragorn's comment. Elladan took pity on the small creature, "My brother and I have managed to travel through these tree's on many occasions, even under its darkness. If we were able accomplish it then, I see no reason we would be unable to do it now." "And we are with the elfling" Elrohir added, the younger of the twins who rode with Merry, and gave a nod in Legolas' direction, "There is no safer company to be in." "Until Thranduil gets ahold of him, that is" Elladan smirked, spurring his horse forward once more in order to catch up with the prince before he ventured too far into the tree's. Gimli tried his best not to grimace, as Aragorn followed suit. Every story his father had told him running through his head simultaneously. It was no secret that Elves and Dwarves were of low opinions of one another, but the Elven King seemed to have a much deeper hatred. And his last encounter with Dwarves, specifically Gimli's kin, did not help matters at all. He only hoped that Legolas would be able to keep anything too horrible from happening to him. As the company entered the forest, the found Legolas much closer than they had expected. He stood transfixed before a pair of identical statues that stood on either side of the road. His horse grazed happily on the grass nearby, completely forgotten. The three brother exchanged worried glances with one another, but said nothing to interrupt the moment Legolas seemed to be having. The statue depicted a tall elven woman, her long hair let loose behind her and carved as though it was blowing slightly in the wind. She carried a basket of what appeared to be wild flowers in one hand, while the other stretched out in a welcoming gesture. A kind smile graced her face, and a crown of flowers rested gently on her head. "Who's that?' Pippin asked, craning his neck around to look at Elladan once again. Legolas answered before any other had the chance, yet did not turn his attention from the statue, "It is my mother." Reaching out a hand, he brushed a few of the leaves which had come to rest on her likeness, "She left this world when I was still very young, my father had these built in her honor. He always said she ought to be the one to greet any visitors to our realm, for it is no secret that he can not always be the most, welcoming, host." Legolas slowly paced around the statue, searching for any other foliage that dared to rest upon his mother, "He had them remake the statutes no less than five times, until he was satisfied. When the darkness came to my home, twisted vines insisted on covering her no matter how many times I cut them off." He finally turned his attention to his companions, his face holding a kind of deep sadness Pippin wasn't sure he understood completely, "I never had the heart to tell my father of it, although I suspect he was aware of it." A somber moment hung in the air, as Legolas gazed back into his mother's face. Then, the sadness vanasehd from both his face and his eyes as if it had never been there to begin with. His cheerful smile slid back into its rightful place, and Gimli felt his chest release the tightness it had held upon seeing the heartbreak on his friends face. "I am glad she is now free, to bask under the sunlight and greet our visitors once more." He turned back towards the trail, plunging forwards, gliding a hand over his mother's outstretched one as he went, "Come! There is still much distance to travel yet, my friends!" The others obeyed the command, starting their horses forward once more, Legolas' horse following as well while his master neglected both to ride and the path completely. Opting instead for weaving energetically throughout the tree's on either side of the road, brushing his hands along every trunk and leaf that he could. The tree's for their part, shook more heavily even though the wind had not changed, as if shaking with excitement for their beloved Prince's return. … Several hours had passed, as the company still made their way along the elven road, the hobbits gazing about in open astonishment. The tree's here did not grow quite as tall as the ones in Lorien had, but they somehow appeared to be greener, and the air happier. Several times they had startled a herd of deer, along with several small woodland creatures. A squirrel had chatted unhappily at them as they passed under its tree, stopping only when Legolas called to it softly in elvish. As they got deeper into the tree's the songs of birds colored the air, responding happily when Legolas whistled or sang to them. When they saw their first bird, Legolas gently held his hand out to it and whistled a little tune to it. The bird had tilted its head to one side, singing a tune back before flapping forward to land on the prince's hand briefly. The elf had whistled another tune to it, while his other hand came up to stroke its head lightly. Once his hand fell back to his side and the song ended, the bird flew off into the tree's once more. Legolas had turned back to Aragorn then, tears shining in his eyes and his joy nearly palpable in the air, "She's back, Estel. I thought we would lose her to the darkness, but she's strong. The creatures are once again returning to fill her heart, and my peoples joyful songs are greening her leaves." Aragorn had grinned back at his friend, "She is a stubborn wood, like the one who rules her. And those who protect her." Legolas matched the rangers smile, and then once more loped off into the woods, no less energetically than he had the first time. "I don't think I've ever seen the lad so happy" Gimli commented, watching the blond head bob, weave and dance beneath his trees. "I hardly think I've seen anybody so happy." Elladan and his brother laughed, "He is a joyful soul, our elfling." The oldest said. "I am glad that he has an opportunity to show it once more." Aragorn commented, unable to keep a smile from his face, even as he shook his head in slight exasperation at his friend. At times he leaped so far into the tree's that he was out of their sight, and just when the hobbits began to believe he wouldn't be returning to their side, he came bounding back. "He's about to be much happier." Elrohir joined in, pointing a finger forwards down the path on which they traveled. At first, Gimli and the Hobbits couldn't see what the elf was referring to, but after a second or two they could make out a shape as it came sliding around the corner in front of them. It was an elleth at the end of their path, from the distance the mortal could make out little of her features except for the long mane of black hair that swung around her. Had they the elven vision of those in their company, they would have seen large green eyes staring forward impossibly hopefully. Twin knives were strung to her back, and she wore a simple tunic and leggings, not unsimilar to those that Legolas wore, with several warriors braids doing their very best to keep her hair as tamed as it could be. Her chest heaved with deep breaths, as she continued to stand at the head of the path. Far to their left, Legolas stilled in his movements, suddenly frozen as if by a spell. His head whipped back around, and he ran back towards the path as quickly as his legs could carry him, leaping gracefully over any obstacle that might have been in his way. "What happening? Who's that?" Pippin asked, but was ignored by the others as they watched the prince race forwards. He hadn't reached the road for more than half a breath, before the elleth started forward once more, moving as quickly as Legolas had moments before. Her legs made long strides, her hair trailing behind her as she ran. Legolas for his part, seemed frozen again for a moment, as he took in the sight before him. He made a few steps forward as well, as she drew nearer to him, and braced himself for she did not slow down before she crashed into him. Her arms circling around his neck, and pulling him against her, as his arms wrapped around