A/N: Thank goodness after so many days of slaving around and trying to find the will to write, I have now finished this kind of long fic. Honestly, I've been pushing this for so long and well, trying to make my ideas transform into words. I sort of got the idea when I watched the music video of Wildest Dreams and well, I thought why not. The characters are slightly OOC, so please forgive that. I only edited this myself, so if you'll find some mistakes, please do inform me. And please, please leave a review and tell me what you think. Because honestly, when I write damn long fics, it seems that nobody reads it and I guess it tells me to stop writing something like this. Disclaimer: The title was taken from Taylor Swift's Wildest Dreams. This story was also inspired by its music video. Also, characters are owned by Rick Riordan and there are cut out conversations taken from his books. I take no credit from those and neither will I try to own them. ThisIsAwesomeness (I'm thinking of changing my username, but I can't think of any to replace it so…) Say you'll see me again Even if it's just in your Wildest dreams - Taylor Swift, Wildest Dreams Annabeth smiles briefly before signing her name on the contract in a neat and unhurried handwriting. Around her, the people break out into applause and she tries not to feel too overwhelmed about it. It's a lost cause though, because she knows—everyone knows that this contract is the key to jumpstarting her career as an actress. Having the opportunity to play the female lead in the world famous Heroes of Olympus is indeed a blessing to a rising star like her. The people inside the room aren't too many, but the congratulating smiles on their faces make Annabeth a little dizzy. She doesn't think she'll ever get used to this environment, given that she had no prior experiences regarding filming a movie, much more a series. But she thinks, she can manage this. She hopes to manage. She remembers someone saying that the male lead would be played by no other than Percy Jackson himself, but Annabeth couldn't bring herself to ponder about it with the loud, ringing in her ears and the warm, fuzzy feeling that seem to overtake her. She just hopes at the back of her mind that Percy Jackson isn't as bad as the characters he portray in the big screen. ; Remembering what she thought moments ago, she wants to believe otherwise. Upon opening the door, she's rewarded by an image of a tall, leaned guy slouched against the wall; his dark fringe barely brushing his long lashes. He looks up as soon as Annabeth goes inside, and she has to remind herself not to stare too much at his eyes—those sea green eyes swirling with various colors but mostly settling for a murky greenish tint. His overall aura looks bored, judging by the way he's slouched against the wall, but the way his eyes follow her movement almost seem predatory. He's unbelievably beautiful in his own way; though his attitude says otherwise, yet Annabeth knows better to steer clear of him. He's the kind of person she shouldn't be close to, even if they are to act as lovers for the movie. In fact, Annabeth wouldn't want to be caught in a rumor against his girlfriend, if those are to spread sometime after the release of the movie. "Jackson," Hedge, the director, calls, before he nods his head to Annabeth's direction. "Meet your Annaliese Cray." "Hi, I'm Annabeth Chase," she introduces herself with a small, unsure smile. "And this man is your Paris Jefferson, got it?" Annabeth nods briefly, as she glances at Percy through the corner of her eyes. He isn't looking at her, instead he's staring at the paper where the names of the rest of the actors are written. She then reads her own paper, ignoring the heavy gaze that seems to be slicing through her soul. ; "'Where is he?'" Annabeth snarls, her voice becoming rough and hostile all of a sudden and her grey eyes brewing in silent thunderstorms, the way she envisioned Annaliese Cray would react after searching for her boyfriend, only to stumble upon three teenagers who doesn't have any clue about gods and Greek mythology. "'Where's who?'" Jason muttered, like the clueless Joshua Godling he is. "'What about Gleeson? Where is your protector, Gleeson Hedge?'" "He got taken by some…tornado things," Leo answered, who plays the character of Luigi Vasquez. "Okay. Cut! Take two after five." Annabeth breathes a sigh of relief as she walks towards her makeshift room. They're filming the first book in the series, The Lost Hero. Apparently, the production team had decided to just fit the five books from the series into one movie. Although, it hardly seems possible, the scriptwriter had managed to highlight the important parts in books and merge them in a movie that will run for about two hours. Annabeth accepts the cold glass of water from Piper, one of her co-stars who plays Penelope McCraig in the movie. "Nice acting," Piper comments. "I'm actually convinced that you have lost your one true love." Annabeth rolls her eyes and playfully shoves Piper. "Shut up. There's no one true love for me. Maybe for Annaliese, there is." "Seriously? No boyfriend, flings, even friend with benefits?" Piper questions. "Nope," Annabeth answers. She sees Percy looking at them, and she briefly wonders if he's eavesdropping on their conversation. Piper hums thoughtfully before fixing her ever-changing eyes to the blonde. "Honestly, for a while I thought you've experienced losing someone you love because of some bitchy, queen wannabe goddess because seriously, you act as though it happened to you first hand." "Now that would be real drama." Piper laughs. "Good thing you're not Annaliese then." Annabeth smiles a bit at that. She turns to look over her shoulder to find Percy staring at her, before he smiles a shy, close-lipped smile. She quickly casts her gaze away from him, intrigued by how fast her pulse has become after seeing his smile. ; The remaining lights in the studio are shut off, leaving the rest of the cast to bask in the light offered by their own makeshift rooms. Annabeth lets out a yawn after she'd finished removing the make up from her face. Her crew starts to shuffle inside the van together with their kits and Annabeth sits in her chair a moment longer. She begins dozing off for a few minutes but then a hand on her shoulder startles her awake. Through heavy lids, she looks up to see Percy peering down at her with a small smile. He has two cups of coffee in his hands and offers one to her. "Thanks?" she mutters distractedly, because Annabeth cannot comprehend how Percy Jackson chose to be nice and offer her some coffee at roughly one in the morning just after the shoot, as if they're long-time friends. "Um, hi," he says shyly and frankly, Annabeth has to double take because as far as she knew, Percy bad boy Jackson doesn't do ' shyly' . She must've look too startled for him because he started babbling apologies. "Oh shit, sorry. I should've known that I might be scaring you. Clearly, I should've known better than to embody the bad boy attitude," Percy babbles on. "Um, am I scaring you?" "A bit, right now, yeah," Annabeth confesses. She watches in amusement as Percy ' the supposed bad boy ' Jackson smacks himself in the forehead like a huge dork. Annabeth laughs as soon as she realizes this. She just can't believe that the Percy Jackson is such a dork. Percy stops blabbering and laughs too, even if he doesn't quite know why he is actually laughing. "I thought you were scary," he admits in between chuckles. "Me? Scary?" the blonde asks in mild amusement because she's heard her fair share of intimidating first impression. But she thinks, scary is putting it quite strongly. "Uh yeah." Percy scratches the back of his neck, embarrassed. "You intimidate me, that's why I thought to intimidate you, too. Hence, the cold, bad boy attitude you see in the movies." Annabeth stares at him, baffled. "So all of these cold looks were just a façade?" "Yes. I mean, Rachel has convinced me too that it makes me seem more put together than I am, normally. But I'm guessing you're getting it the wrong way?" "You're right," Annabeth tells him, because he is. She can't believe that she'd been fooled from the start—for a while she thought that he is honestly who he portrays on the movies. But then it turns out that the real Percy Jackson is far from the bad boy the media had made him up to be. He's so much more than that, and it includes being a dork and a clumsy one, too. "So . . . do you think we could be friends?" Percy asks, hesitantly. "I mean, I want for us to be friends so it will not be awkward when the time comes that we have to film the third book, when we act all lovey-dovey and everything." For a moment, Annabeth considers this. She remembers some scenes in the script where they have to kiss or—make out is probably the right term—and she internally cringes while imagining that with a stranger. She thinks it wouldn't hurt to be friends with Percy, after all why not make it bearable for both of them? She looks up at him with a small smile. "I think I can handle that." Percy's sea green eyes light up. "Cool. That's cool." "So . . . your girlfriend. . ." "Rachel, yes?" Annabeth stumbles through her words, not particularly sure on how to phrase them. 'Wouldn't she—isn't she angry or jealous about this?" He shakes his head like the idea's preposterous. Maybe it is. "She isn't. I mean, she knows we're actors—of course she's one—and that's what we do, right? We act. So long as it doesn't mean anything, it should be fairly innocent." As long as it doesn't mean anything , Annabeth thinks. I can do that . She carefully shifts her gaze to Percy. With his green eyes alight with wonder and his hair sticking at odd angles, he does look quite far from the first impression she had of him. He looks so carefree, so young and child-like, and yet he is not. She then wonders if a lot of people know about this side of him, because she thinks this Percy Jackson is so much better than the movies. Annabeth raises her cup to him. "Cheers for a new friendship." Percy bumps his cup to hers, muttering, "Cheers!" Annabeth laughs as he eagerly takes a sip from his cup, only to have it burn his tongue. She watches him fumble for packs of sugar and creamer, after realizing that black coffee doesn't fit his taste as much as it fits Annabeth. Annabeth thinks that admiring Percy Jackson in person is so much better than crushing on him from afar. So long as it only stays as a crush. After all, it would be so much difficult if it was to mean anything more than that. ; "Annabeth," Piper calls, beckoning the blonde to the small group huddled on the floor. "Come, join us." Annabeth, having nothing better to do, obliges and finds herself seated beside Hazel, the girl with dark curly hair, chocolate skin and seemingly golden eyes. Hazel smiles at her and she eagerly grins back. There are large bags of chips in the middle, together with cans of soft drinks opened and two board games. Jason passes her some chips and a can of Coke, and even though she's advised to have a strict diet, Annabeth accepts it and engages in whatever they're playing. Leo, Piper and