The tell-tale of his footsteps echo across the hallway, loud and creaking, despite the number of times she has pointed it out to him so. And just like every time, he just grins sheepishly, promises not to do it again, breaks his promise and repeats. It's just one of the cycles they have with each other, and gods know how many more are left. She doesn't mind it to be honest. She'd been accustomed to his nature, his every smirks and quirks, and to how his mind works, that even sometimes she can tell what he's going to say without him speaking out loud. However, she won't tell him that, because it's crazy and irrational in so many levels. His footsteps are getting closer, probably a meter away. Her eyes dart to a book on a corner, and she grabs it without thought. She takes a deep breath, shifts her eyes to her book and pretends like she's so absorb with what she's reading, which is apparently, the latest edition of Lady Aphrodite's romance series. Damn . She doesn't do romance. However, she can't do much anyway. He's already barging at her door, a wide grin on his face, as he walks towards her like a little kid. "Annabeth!" A smile graces her face as she turns her head towards him. "What is this very important message you have that you decided to bother me?" she asks while subtly closing the book, and edges it out on her table, away from plain sight. Percy shakes his head at her and grins. "Come on. You're not even busy. You were reading Aphrodite's book, which I know, you hate very much." So he has seen it . "Okay. You got me," Annabeth says as she smiles at him. "What are you planning anyway?" He frowns at her. "You didn't ask me yet my purpose for coming here though." "You're just far too easy to read." "And just as you are," he retorts. Annabeth scowls unknowingly, as she pads to her vanity mirror to fix her hair. "No, I'm not. You can't even read my mind just how much I'm annoyed at you at the moment." She fixes her gaze at him through the mirror, playfully. "Can you, Percy?" His shoulders lift in a shrugging motion. "You're joking." "I'm not." "Yes you are. Your eyes have this glint right now, like you're thinking you know something that I don't and they're considerably brighter than the shade when you're actually annoyed with me," he says. "Which you aren't at the moment." Annabeth smiles at him. "Actually I am, only a little bit though. You're creeping me out." Percy chuckles, his gleeful laugh echoing across her room and maybe a little inside her head. "Like you're not doing the same with me. I bet you're trying to figure out what I'm thinking at the moment." "Touché." She doesn't notice but he's already standing behind her, looking at his reflection. "Anyways, I came to tell you that I've been asked to buy something from the town, and I'm wondering if you'd want to come, which I know you are." "What if I'm not?" She retorts, just to spite him. "Quit trying to pretend like you're not interested," he says in a small chuckle, while touching her hands. She looks up at him, confused and he just smiles. He grabs both of her hands and slowly lowers them away from her hair, her fingers letting go of the strands which she'd been trying to place in a braid. "Don't," he whispers, his fingers playing with the voluminous curls on her shoulders, glowing golden blonde in the afternoon light. "As much as I like your braids, I like your hair better like this. Just let it down." "Okay," Annabeth whispers back. She closes her eyes for a moment, breaths coming in quick, uneven puffs, as she tries to even out her racing heartbeat. There are moments like this; moments where Percy says or does something that makes her hands fidget, breaths quicken and heart race that sends her mind to a frenzy. She notices he'd been doing it a lot, saying such things that is, or perhaps nothing's changed except for her and her feelings. No . Nothing's change. It's just the heat that makes her mind dizzy, that's what she tells herself. Thankfully, Percy doesn't notice her brief moment of absence. Annabeth watches him frown to himself, as if he is just remembering something important. Her hand reaches out to touch him. He jolts. "You okay?" She asks. "Yeah, I—I just remembered something. You're parents want to see you at the drawing room at 2:00—" he glances at his pocket watch, "-and you only have five minutes left." "Are you serious?" "I think they are. They say it's urgent." Annabeth shakes her head at him in mock annoyance. "Seaweed brain, what do you think could have happened if you have completely forgotten?" "We could've went out?" He answers amusingly. "Very good." She extends her arm at him, inviting. "Come and join me face the wrath of the dragons?" He laughs, his head thrown back as he loops his arm around hers. "I thought you'd never ask." Her parents don't look surprised when they see her enter the doors of the drawing room with her assistant in tow. However, a disapproving scowl flits on her mother's face even if she'd seen Percy's face for almost as long as her daughter's, like she can't bear the thought of them together. Together. Annabeth blushes a shade of pink, and to distract herself from the thought of the word, she fumbles with the loose ribbon on her dress. What has she been thinking lately? "Annabeth," her father greets. He looks at Percy. "Perseus." "Your majesty," he bows in response and does the same for Annabeth's mother. "I'm glad that you'd taken it upon yourself to accompany the princess, you've been a lovely servant to her, but I'm afraid the matters we're about to discuss are solely private and confidential," the king, Frederick says. "Of course, your majesty. I'll step out of the room and accomplish some errands until you wish you to call me," Percy answers in a small humble voice, one that Annabeth hasn't heard in a long time. Perhaps it has been too long since she'd been in the presence of both her parents and Percy, but she thinks there's more to his tone than the usual politeness. He then steps towards the door but not without sparing her a small smile and look that says, 'be careful soldier, for you are to face the wrath of the dragons alone' ." Annabeth tries to fight a grin and puts on a passive face as she looks back to her parents. "Mother, father, you wished to call for me?" "Yes indeed. We've come to discuss matters concerning your coming of age," Queen Athena begins. She retrieves an open letter on their desk and skims over it to make sure she's gotten the right letter. "You're turning eighteen in a few weeks, Annabeth. And you must know what this entails," her father says as he smiles at her proudly. "You're going to start learning how to rule the kingdom with no take backs. But of course, you're not going to rule alone." Annabeth twists the material of her dress in her fingers, her stomach dropping in absolute fear. "You mean I'd have to be betrothed." "Not just to anyone else, but to a prince. You have to be betrothed to a prince." As Athena is saying this, she fixes her stare right at Annabeth, like she's making sure that she understands. The implication is sharp and cutting; she's not even trying to be subtle about it. "Don't look so stricken, dear. Not yet, but a proper courting must take place," Frederick says in an attempt to console her. Athena walks over and passes to her the letter she'd been reading earlier. She notes with a curious gaze the insignia of a neighboring kingdom at the flaps of the envelope. It's the symbol for the palace of Castellan. "What's this for?" Annabeth asks her mother. "I handed it for you to read it," replies the queen. Annabeth tries to ignore the annoyance bubbling inside her and scans her gaze across the page of the letter. She skips over the pleasantries, and is just running through paragraphs when her eyes land on words: request, princess, marriage. "What? A request for my hand already?! I'm not even of the right age yet!" She exclaims. "But you'll be in a few weeks. Don't act so surprised. It's normal to receive requests even before the coming of age." Annabeth huffs in her anger and anxiety. She knows exactly why she's angry; sees it in the way her parents are so desperate to have her married, especially Athena, to a powerful and wealthy kingdom. There are going to be suitors from other kingdoms, yes, but she knows the queen's word will prevail at the end. The courting is just a way of formality, a false sense of choice perhaps, even if there had already been a winner. She feels anxiety because she doesn't think she's ready, but a deeper and far more complicated reason rests at the back of her mind, refusing acknowledgement. "I understand," she finally mutters. Queen Athena straightens her back and looks at her in the eyes. "It's wonderful that we got that part settled. Prince Luke of the House of Castellan will be arriving here in a few days' time. I expect you to treat him with the best of your abilities." "Yes, mother." "Good. You're now free to go." The conversation is already closed but the heavy sinking feeling in her chest doesn't lift until she's in the confines of her room: shut out from the rest of the world, and she lets the walls holding her up crumble down. Annabeth doesn't notice Percy under the fuzzy of sleep clouding her eyes, but as soon as she does, she jolts awake and wipes her eyes with the back of her palm. "Hey," she greets, her voice thickly muddled with drowsiness. "What's the matter?" Percy just smiles sympathetically at her. He leans on the edge of her study table, which had served as her temporary cushion to support her head for the brief moment when she accidentally fell asleep. "I take it that the meeting didn't go well?" "Let's not just talk about it," she grumbles. Her mind goes back to the conversation and she instantly clenches her hands to suppress her anger. Annabeth avoids looking at his eyes; she knows for a fact that if she did, he'll just read what's behind them. "Then that makes me more curious." Percy inches towards her, his fingers seeking her wrist. The action speaks nothing but concern. "What happened? Did the dragons tried to scare you?" A soft chuckle bubbles from her throat. "I guess. I just-I don't think I'm ready yet. I mean, I'm ready to be a princess and do all my responsibilities. It's just that, some things that come with the job are less like—" "I don't think I understand what you're pointing out," Percy says, cutting her off mid-speech. Perhaps, if he'd been in the presence of any other royal, he would've already been homeless and sentenced with some kind of horrible punishment. He's lucky to be in the presence of his best friend, who just happens to be the princess. "Percy, I'm getting betrothed." "Pardon?" "You heard it. I'm getting betrothed. Dad says there would have to be a proper courting first from eligible bachelors. But I don't think so. The queen has already accepted a letter of request for my hand," Annabeth says in a rush. She picks at the glossy edge of her study table just to avoid looking at his eyes. She briefly remembers referring to her mom as the queen, as she finds it hard to