A/N: Hey Guys! So, I actually got this idea when I was flipping randomly in my Math notebook. Three words caught my eye: infinite, circles and tangent. And so I came up with this, cause I think it's a good idea to write a story that has something to do with Math, that doesn't really pertain to numbers. I took days to write and type this thing, so PLEASE try to leave a REVIEW, FAVORITE or FOLLOW if you liked this. Farewell. P.S. I want to give infinite THANK YOU for those who reviewed, favorited? and followed my previous stories. There were once two people who did things repeatedly. ~~(0)(0)~~ Annabeth isn't one to be proud of any obsession she has, but if she is to boast at least one of them, it would be her borderline addiction to caffeine. Surely, starting her day with a warm cup of coffee, quite strong enough to wake her half-asleep state, isn't weird to begin with. But, as the number of disposable coffee cups that passes by her hand reaches three, well, that is something out of the normal. Slaving herself on the work the whole day, and sometimes, no always exceeding the required number of hours for the job; the only companion Annabeth wouldn't bother to be with as she untiringly serves as a secretary, is her usual order of medium black coffee with whipped cream and a teaspoon of sugar. Though somewhere along the lines of strong aroma is her taste, to which directly translates to bitterness; Annabeth claims that she isn't as disgruntled and resentful as her choice of flavor. It just so happen that comfort and routine is something she's after for, rather than adventure and excitement, to which others see as boring. Annabeth doesn't mind though; as long as she keeps up with her jam-packed schedule, everything will turn out fine as a piece of cupcake. But, that piece of cupcake says no. It might have been an understatement when one says Annabeth is as bitter as her cup of coffee. She could have easily won 'the most resentful worker of the year' award, if not for those fake smiles that Annabeth likes to put on display everytime she's around the Senior Architect. And she can't help but feel that green monster envelop her mind as she watches the architect draw some blueprint designs when it could have been her. She's working for at least five years in an architectural firm as a secretary, just near enough to that dream position of being an architect. And this routine is something she can't afford to devote herself to, being a secretary to an architect is just so teasing, but she can't escape. It's like she's been tied around to an endlessly rotating circle. Even though she wants to evade this fate, it's not like she can do something about it. All she can do is to at least cope with it, and might as well live with her life's seemingly never-ending pattern. ~~(0)(0)~~ She would be doing this things every passing hour of everyday; As if she was stuck in her own life circle; with no beginnings and endings ~~(0)(0)~~ Percy dreams of getting a job by the seas, but he gets stuck in a cubicle around a four-walled building nowhere near enough at bay. He first thinks that it could have been a mistake and after a year or so, he would be able to navigate his way back to the ocean. But, it turns out that he steered his way closer to the shore, back to the old building where he was first placed. He doubts he'll ever get to escape this endless job he got himself to, but it's not like he has the option to leave this anyway. He had been too consumed in his work that any changes might cause imbalances on his part. Percy doesn't mind that he gets to do the same things all over and over again; photocopying, faxing papers, receiving calls etc. It is practically the whole world he is accustomed to, more like the community he is born to be part of. His practical thinking brings him back on this same cubicle he finds himself nearly building a home, just caving in and waiting for his time to finish. The dream of working in the seas was long-lost together with the hope of getting his way out of this ceaseless work routine. The only time he manages to draw himself out of his trend is his daily trips in the small coffee shop downtown. He swore he has never tasted coffee since he was a child, but that has changed since then. There's just this sudden urge in his tongue to drink a cup of coffee and he never stopped. Everytime the aroma wafts in his nose, it looks like it's encoded in his body to stand by the same counter everyday with a few bills pressed in his palm and wait for his usual order of coffee to wet his mouth. And drinking coffee for Percy is starting to be a habit more than anything. He doesn't seem to be acquainted with any beverages aside from that hot drink from beans and that old plain water. Alcohol isn't one of his best shots, but it proved to be a good companion in moments he needed his innermost solitude. As Percy ponders this, he can quite say frankly that he'll be willing to drown himself in this somewhat eternal work torture, as long as there's a warm cup of caffeine in his hand, everything will turn out fine. ~~(0)(0)~~ He would be doing this things every passing hour of everyday; As if he was stuck in his own life circle; with no beginnings and endings ~~(0)(0)~~ Annabeth pushes through the shop's door, the chimes clink and clank signaling her arrival. She doesn't even bother to look up from her phone, continuously tapping to what seem like forever, letting her feet drag her at the marble counter and wait for the regular order. "Morning Annabeth," the girl in choppy chocolate hair chirps in, "the usual?" Annabeth nods without even thinking, before briefly pauses to give the girl a smile. "Hi, Pipes. How's the day?" Piper shrugs as she disappears at the back to prepare her coffee. "Nothing's great. Nothing's bad. Just fine, I guess," Piper supplies in a moment later, closing the coffee lid and handing it to Annabeth's waiting palm. "Your usual order, medium black coffee with whipped cream and a teaspoon of sugar on the go!" "Thank you," Annabeth says after she leaves the bill at the counter and takes the trip to the table she referred to as her own. Apparently, of all the times Annabeth has been there, she hadn't had any memory ever once of someone occupying her seat aside from her, and although unannounced, it seem to hold an invisible gold plated sign with the label: Annabeth's Seat. She is, no question, a regular in this shop, still rooting for its taste despite the number of coffee shops opening nearer to her apartment. She would have gladly taken a shorter trip in the nearest store out there, but that would demand a change in her routine, and Annabeth doesn't want that. She has this great knack for the constants, even with this small shop. Annabeth reasons that the time she spends on walking is another time for thinking, to which greatly compensates in her whole time relaxing. And to Annabeth, relaxing always meant thinking. As she sits by the regular table at the far end of the place, just beside the window, Annabeth watches in great curiosity as the world completely undresses itself in front of her, revealing a number of stories just by the faces she rests her eyes on. She stares with great amusement at the scenes that lay unedited, scenes that couldn't even be bothered to be captured by the camera. And this, observing the world in its natural state has always been an Annabeth thing that she wouldn't even try to deny. As this is the only activity she doesn't consider to be part of her life circle—a mere endless life pattern. Her gaze flits back to her table but not before passing a guy opposite her own. He's also a regular from what Annabeth decides, as she's seen him far too many times inside the coffee shop. Maybe just five minutes after her usual time arrival. He seems to be writing, as he always looks to be scribbling in his notebook. Annabeth goes back into finishing her coffee, as she's supposed not to mind him. He's just a mere distraction from her routine and, they are just strangers after all. 'Just strangers,' she thinks. ~~(0)(0)~~ Percy slides inside the coffee shop while balancing a briefcase and a notebook, but fails to do so. He ends up tripping in his own two feet, thankfully managing to steady himself by the pole. He sends a sheepish smile towards Piper, the barista he got acquainted to for being a regular, who waves at him in return. He stands by the counter, waiting for the employee to approach him. "Hey Perce, do you want the usual?" Piper asks, once she's completely behind the counter. "Of course," Percy replies with a grin. "You know," she pipes in, as she fills the cup with the bitter liquid, "there's only two people here who order the same thing everytime." "I take it that I'm one of those two?" he asks, arching his left eyebrow. "Yeah. You guessed it right, Smart Brat," Piper mutters after handing the coffee to Percy. "And see that girl over there?" Percy follows the direction she points to until his gaze lands on a girl probably the same age as him. She's sitting at the corner of the store, just beside the window. The first thing that his mind registers is that she's pretty, stunning even with her golden curls hanging loose on her shoulders. An image of a princess sticks into his mind and Percy lets a smile curl in his lips. And the thought ends there, because Percy knows that not too long he'll fall back on his routine and any interruptions will soon be forgotten. "That's Annabeth. She's the other one who orders regularly," Piper supplies, a knowing smirk forming on her face. "Hmm?" Percy questions, grabbing the cup from the barista's hand. "So, I have a competitor now for the best customer of the year award?" She sends him an incredulous look, but there are traces of a smile tugging at her face. "You can never get in … forever. And perhaps, don't you think she's pretty?" Percy feels his head nod unknowingly. "She's gorgeous actually." When Piper's smile grows a little wider, he quickly adds. "But, I'm dedicated to work, remember? No time for distractions." "Can I ever change your mind? Go, shoo! Stop spreading miserable love vibes!" she chimes in and gestures him out. Percy grins one last time at the barista before walking to his familiar sear across the blonde. He has never seen her before, but if Piper says she's a regular, then perhaps he has spent too much time brooding on his notebook to actually take note of his surroundings. Percy watches the girl-Annabeth, furtively, taking note of the way she stares at the people inside the shop, trying to decipher whatever mystery they have. He then continues with his work on his notebook, occasionally looking up; she's just a distraction he thinks, but these distractions are what anchor him to sanity, once he immerses himself in his work schedule. "Distractions," he mutters to himself. ~~(0)(0)~~ But somewhere between these two circles, they intersect; ~~(0)(0)~~ The coffee shop is a little crowded than usual and Annabeth finds herself running a bit to get her daily dose of caffeine. She then hurries back to her table before anyone else takes over. She slides quickly