Annabeth has a blanket draped over her head. Percy holds a blue pillow close to his chest. They're standing inside Annabeth's room. Both kids are panting heavily, heaving large gulps of air to recover their breathing. At the age of ten, it isn't that weird to find two children trying all their might to playfully strangle each other. No, they aren't playing tag. They just invented a new game where Annabeth takes the role of a wicked witch and Percy, a brave but naïve knight. Taking two cautious steps forward, Annabeth keeps her grey eyes locked in with Percy's sea green ones. "I'm going to take you down, Wicked Witch," Percy declares, holding the pillow tighter in mock stance. Annabeth smirks at him, changing into attack position. "Now, now. We all know that isn't true Seawe—I mean Naïve Knight." She advances two strides while Percy steps back. Silence ensues and Annabeth dashes to Percy, yanks his pillow expertly and tickles him until he flops down her bed, helplessly. "No, Annabeth, please—No!" He lets out a girly scream that sends an eerie shrilling vibration on Annabeth's ears. She just continues poking his sides, giggling. "Stop. Annabeth, please!" his voice pleads. There's a smug look on her face that says otherwise but her innocent voice tells a different story. "Say the magic line, Percy." The poor kid sighs in defeat, knowing that begging will not work on his so-called bestfriend. He scoffs, a little breathless. "Okay. Fine. A-Annabeth," he stutters, and he sees Annabeth's expression that clearly tells him to go on (the humiliation part it is) but there's also that affection that sends warmth on his chest. "A-Annabeth, b-beat me in the Witch and Knight game—"he pauses, "again." Annabeth flashes him a mocking grin, much to his annoyance. "And?" "For the bazzilionth time," Percy finishes. He lets out a huff, because the humiliation part is over. Annabeth finally releases him and stands up, straightening her shirt in the process. Percy scoots over to give her space as she places herself beside him. "I'm cool," she states, looking over to Percy who is obviously scowling. "Nah. You just got lucky," Percy retorts, shoving the blue pillow in her direction. She rolls her eyes and nudges him. "Luck doesn't bring you bazillion wins, Percy." He exhales, sea green eyes flitting over to her. "Oh well. You're Wise Girl, anyway." "I know. I know." She chuckles lightly. They sit in a comfortable silence, thinking of new ways to spend their time together. Percy thinks of eating, but his Mom is still busy to bake some blue cookies for him and Annabeth. Which kind of reminds him of the pack of Fruity Loops he keeps in his bag. He instantly stands up and reaches for his knapsack perched on top of Annabeth's study table. His hands delve inside and produces a bag of Fruity Loops. "What's that?" Annabeth asks, her curiosity increases as she stares at the mystery pack. Percy laughs, much to Annabeth's dismay. He knows how she hated not knowing. "Fruity Loops. Mom bought it for me. It tastes good, actually. Want to try some?" Annabeth glares at him. She then fishes out three loops; red, yellow and pink. She scrunches her nose in disgust. "Isn't there a grey colored one?" Percy chokes on his loop and looks incredulously at her. "Grey loop? Is there even a grey colored fruit?" She scoffs. "Oh well. Never mind." She swallows the rainbow food down to her throat. They aren't as bad as they look. They're sweet actually. Maybe she should stop judging foods by the way they look. Her biased taste buds scream yellow because it tastes like lemon. And she loves lemon. "I like the yellow one," Annabeth decides. Percy hums in response before passing her more yellow colored loops. They stay like that for a couple of minutes, quietly munching on Fruity Loops. Annabeth enjoys his presence more than anyone else. The truth is, she's never been comfortable with other kids aside from this dork she refers to as her bestfriend. Percy knows her in more ways than one, and she does so with him. "Annabeth," she hears Percy mutter. She turns so she could look at him, fully. "Yeah?" Percy blinks at her, then buries his face on the pillow. "Let's get married." "What?" He pushes the pillow away and shifts his body to look at her. "It's a game from what other kids say. All we do is act out the persons in the wedding. And Piper says she plays it with Jason, so I thought . . . we could also." Annabeth thinks about it for a moment and nods her head slowly. She's never played it before but it sounds cool. "O-kay. But, I have a condition." Percy beams at her. "What?" She smirks and throws him her blanket. It lands with a thump on his face. "I get to be the groom." Percy flails his arms wildly, a frown sculpted on his face. "That's unfair! That should be me. Only boys are allowed to be the grooms!" Annabeth chucks her tongue at him. "But, you're girly." "Hey! I am not!" Percy argues. He tries to catch Annabeth but he ends up stumbling on the floor. He gives up. They play the whole wedding thing, starting from the proposal. Annabeth acts as the groom because she wants to. Percy takes the role of the bride because Annabeth wants him to and he can't argue with her anyway. "Will you marry me?" she asks, feigning a deep, manly voice. She doesn't get on one knee since Annabeth thinks it's humiliating. There's a blue fruity loop on her palm. Percy fakes astonishment. He looks ridiculous with a blanket over his head and a red smudge lipstick. But, he's a bride. He needs to look girly . "Wow! Yes, yes! I'll marry you!" he exclaims, as he tries a womanly voice, but it comes out as a hoarse, strangled noise. He takes the blue fruity loop from Annabeth's hand and slips it in his left pinky. He eats it right after. When the wedding ends, they exchange another set of loop rings and Annabeth places a kiss on his cheek. Percy blushes. "Annabeth?" he asks, once the fake ceremony is over. "Can I eat my ring now?" "Shut up." Annabeth whacks him with a pillow. Percy tickles her instead. . . . Annabeth has a blanket draped over her head. Percy holds a pillow close to his chest. They're sitting on Annabeth's couch because she's in need for a Super Bestfriend Depression Kit right now. Annabeth sobs on his shoulder, quietly, fisting on his shirt in an attempt to pull him closer. His breath hovers in her ear as Percy whispers sweet nothings, encasing her tighter in his arms. "Stupid. Stupid," she mumbles on his shirt. "I'm so stupid." Percy feels a little colder, as her tears seep through the material of his shirt, the wet clothing foreign to his skin. He doesn't mind though. And even if Annabeth cries in all of his shirts, he'd still gladly offer himself. "No, Annabeth. You're not stupid," he says, patting her head in an effort to remove the thought. "I am! I am!" she shouts, her voice hoarse and shrill and broken. She furiously pounds her fists at him, and Percy just draws her closer. He'll admit it hurts, Annabeth had taken a few judo lessons with him that he knows she throws punches like a guy. But the pain he feels is nothing compared to her, her heart shrinking and splinting and cracking. "I should have known, Percy! I missed all the hints on those times. I feel so utterly idiotic and useless. Stupid! Stupid!" Annabeth yells. She cries again, his heart breaking little by little everytime her body shakes with sobs. "It's not your fault, Annabeth. He's a douchebag for cheating on you. He should have known better," he mutters, trying to counterattack the insults she directs to herself. Percy rubs her back until the tension on her body eases. He keeps her in his arms for a while, the two of them alone in their thoughts until Annabeth's breathing becomes even, his shoulder being her pillow. He pulls the blanket over them, tucks her in and presses play on the remote, humming some childish tune till he too, drifts off to sleep. . . . The steady thumping rhythm of Percy's heart rouses Annabeth from his shoulder. She blinks around and sees his sleeping face illuminated by the light from the TV. She considers waking him up for some company, but she suddenly remembers how much trouble she caused him, so she decided to watch the sleeping guy instead. Her mind then wanders about Percy. How he has always known her whole being. The simplicity of the things he does for her; buying her favorite food whenever he comes, giving her cups of coffee during her late night shifts or even buying her tampons when it's her time of the month, all of this he does without bothering to ask her a favor. The whole idea of Percy is always there, lingering at the edges of her cerebral cortex, but Annabeth never got to notice it until now. She is so used in seeing the whole bestfriend thing that she didn't pay attention to the details making up the big picture. Yet, as a bestfriend. How couldn't she see it? Hadn't she known him longer than anyone else aside from his mother? Hadn't she by his side when he lost the swimming competition? Now that Annabeth thinks of it, she feels so selfish. So stupid. How come she hadn't read between the lines? The hint had always been there. Percy has always been there. There's a rustling on her side and she looks over to see Percy blindly reaching for her hand. He grasps it tight and all of her worries and fears loosen with the feeling. She ruffles his hair till he glances up. And somehow, the memories flood back, like loose strings pulling tight on her mind that it hurts, just to create the perfect tone for the moment. Annabeth internally chuckles at the vague flashback, for the sight of a ten-year old Percy wearing smudged red lipstick is so adorable (though most of it is actually gross). But, the innocence of the moment crashes onto her like a euphoria, spreading warmth all over her body. She remembers teasing him girly (for he knows girly stuff she wasn't even aware back then) which he poorly argues. There's also a memory of them faking a proposal and shamelessly eating their engagement rings (Fruity Loops) right after. She keeps the recollections close to her, the emotions swell like rivers to her heart. "Hey," she hears Percy say. He buries his head onto the crook of her neck, and Annabeth wonders whether he's smelling her or breathing her in, both of the options sounded well anyway. "Hi," she replies, scratching mindlessly on his hair. It had always been a favorite of her to play with his hair, constantly that it became a hobby. A content sigh escapes his lips, and Annabeth knows she's done the right thing. "Did I fell asleep?" Percy asks. She has half a mind to answer with sarcasm. The other half wins. "Yeah. You did." He chuckles and curls into her, their skins tingling at the contact. "You smell like the Annabeth I know." She stops scratching his scalp, sounding amused. She doesn't know if she is to be glad or not, pondering whether the comment 'You smell like the Annabeth I know' is a compliment or not. "What?" "Recently, you wore sadness and desperation like a perfume, you know. But now . . . You smell like your old self. No masks, no perfume, nothing. And, you're back now in smelling like a field of lemons. I love it." She'll admit, she's taken aback. These words calm