She first met him when they were twelve. Annabeth could still clearly the remember the day when a faded blue beetle drove very slowly into their neighborhood: the loud, rumbling sound of its engine gave a clue about its age. She could remember rushing down the stairs and almost slipped on her way out as she struggled to take peek on their new neighbors. Little Annabeth stood on her tiptoes; one arm holding the fat baby owl stuff toy her mom gave and the other bracing the porch railings for support. She watched with a curious gaze as a brunette woman came out of the small car followed by a black-haired kid, who skipped happily on his way out. The kid turned around and looked at her with his curious sea green eyes, his lips spreading into a wide toothy grin. That's when Annabeth Chase first met Percy Jackson. . . . "Um, hi." Annabeth stopped from connecting two Lego pieces together and turned to look over her shoulder. She found the new kid looking innocently at her, with his arms hiding behind his back. "Hello," she muttered before resuming what she was doing moments ago. He didn't say anything but Annabeth could still feel his presence lingering behind her. After a while, he decided to crouch in front of her and watched her play Lego. "That's really cool," she heard him say and she looked up to meet his green eyes alight with fascination. "Um, yeah. I guess." "I'm a new kid here. I'm Percy." "I'm Annabeth," she replied back and noticed his fist poised at her. "What are you doing?" Percy grinned at her. "A fist bump." "O-kay." Annabeth collided her fist with his. "A fist bump." "Nice to meet you, Annabeth." "Nice to meet you too, Percy." Annabeth moved a bit closer to him and shoved some pieces of her Lego towards him. "Do you want to play too?" "Really? You'd let me?" he asked. "Yup." With a small smile, he playfully bumped her. "You're a great friend, Annabeth." "Of course I am," she says with a matching smile. They played Lego all day; Percy trying to help Annabeth in building a spaceship. The end product looked nowhere near perfect, but as they joked and threw Lego parts at each other, Annabeth knew that in that moment the connection they're trying to build was something close to perfection. . . . "Pssst," Annabeth whispered in the dark. She knocked on his window repeatedly, watching as the figure on the bed moved. "Psst. Percy. Wake up!" She knew that what she was doing was perhaps illegal and very un-ladylike, but Annabeth was in no mood to care. Her foot on the ledge was slowly slipping and her fingers weren't skilled enough to hold onto something small for a long period of time. Perhaps those were enough reasons to excuse her from following the proper etiquette of a lady. And as Annabeth would argue, she was just twelve and was very far from being a lady. Taking the flashlight on her pocket, she turned it on and focused the light on Percy. That did it. Annabeth could see him now; Percy's slouched figure moving clumsily as he scrambled off his bed. His foot got tangled in the blankets and he fell with a 'thud' on the floor. She couldn't help the laughter that erupted from her throat. Finally, he approached the window and rubbed the sleep off his eyes. At the sight of her, Percy's green eyes widened comically. "Annabeth?" he whispered to the window. "What are you doing here?" She rolled her eyes. What a gentleman. Annabeth tapped on the window and gestured for him to open it. "Open this door, idiot." Percy rolled his eyes at her too before reluctantly opening it and helping his blonde friend to his room. They were long past acquaintances and casual friends that teasing and nicknames were kind of normal for them. Kind of. Sometimes, Percy felt as though she bruised his ego with insults. Sometimes. "What are you doing here? It's in the middle of the night, Annabeth!" he whisper-shouted. She placed her index finger to her lips, telling him to be quiet. "I'm going to go ghost hunting." Percy looked at her like she was crazy. "But, it's midnight and- " "Exactly," Annabeth cut him off, while adjusting the Yankees cap on her head. "Do you want to come?" There's a careful pause that left Annabeth's breath hanging. She wasn't used to this inviting thing. She usually did her escapades on her own. But this was Percy, and for the record, he was the only kid who made it past Annabeth's cold exterior and unfriendly aura. If anyone, he would be the best company she could have. If he would agree. Looking at his sleepy face, his eyebrows scrunched together and his green eyes filled with worry, she knew he would reject. Percy was probably worried that Sally might find out about this. And if there's one thing Annabeth was pretty sure about Percy, he wouldn't dare to disappoint his mom. Annabeth tried to steel her nerves and put on a passive mask to hide her hurt. She didn't want his pity and apologies for rejecting; Annabeth was used to it by now. And so she kept the hurtful look at bay and suppressed the feeling of loneliness, instead replaced it with an expression of nonchalance. With a little more force than necessary, she gripped the flashlight handle and switched it off. "It's okay if you don't want to come. I suppose it's better that I don't have someone who kept on screaming and- " "I'll come." Annabeth was still not finished with her monologue. " -you're afraid of ghost, you told me once that- " "I'll go with you, Annabeth." "Um, sorry, what ?" He was smiling. That idiot was smiling and it seemed to be growing wider and wider as she stared at him. Annabeth wanted to punch that grin off his face but she was too delighted to do so. Percy repeated his words slowly, making sure to enunciate every word. "I said I'll go with you, Annabeth." "Really?" she asked hopefully. Happiness flowed inside her heart right now, flooding her with emotions. She felt like drowning in smiles, laughter and fluffy feeling. "You'll go?" "Yup," Percy nodded enthusiastically. He's grinning so wide too it looked like it hurt. They probably have matching crazy grins right now. They packed some things for a while: like flashlights, batteries, walkie-talkie and some. . . blue jellybeans. They were preparing to embark on their journey of ghost hunting when Percy nudged her elbow lightly. "You were afraid I was going to say no?" he asked her carefully. His eyes didn't look accusatory or smug, but they emitted a glow of concern and curiosity. "Nope," Annabeth lied. Her nose twitched. Well, Percy knew her well enough that her nose twitched everytime she tells a lie. And that action caused a warm feeling of appreciation swarm inside him. He knew Annabeth didn't like depending on people and the thought that she's afraid he'll say no was actually heart-warming. Percy felt like he was needed and that brought a small smile in his face. He held her hand thoughtfully and playfully commented: "Yeah, right. You'd probably be freaking out if any ghosts decides to show up." Annabeth snorted and punched him lightly. "Ha, I'll show you how wrong you are, Jackson." "Then prove me wrong, Chase." Unfortunately, they didn't find any ghosts that night but they found more special things about each other that was probably better than ghost hunting anyway. . . . The night when Annabeth snuck into Percy's window was just a first to their many nightly escapades. It's either Percy or Annabeth who sneaks into each other's window every night, with a new mission and objective. And through this, they became more familiar with each other than they ever did before. Annabeth did a double rap on his window before flashing a light on Percy's bed. It was her signature knock for Percy to immediately distinguish her from an axe murderer. This immediately woke him up and he's scrambling to open the door in seconds. "Hey, Annabeth." "Perce," Annabeth greeted. She leaned in and stage-whispered. "I have an idea." The boy rolled his eyes at her, affectionately. "Of course you do. That's why you're here, duh." "Dork." Annabeth playfully shoved him. "Anyways, I think we should go stargazing." "Yeah?" "Mhmm. I've heard there's a chance we'll see shooting stars tonight." Percy's eyes brightened up. "Cool. I've always wanted to see those." "Me too. I think we can even have a wish if we ever see one." "Perfect. I love wishes," Percy muttered excitedly. "Come to think of it, you can even wish for extra brain cells." "Probably. And you can also wish for some humility." Annabeth narrowed her eyes at him. "I hate you." Percy mimicked her expression. "I know you do. So, what were you saying about shooting stars?" They end up watching the sky on the Jackson's rooftop: both of them sitting close as the little spots of sparkling lights decorated the night sky. Annabeth was blabbering something about the stars and anything related to it, and she knew Percy wasn't listening to any word she says at all. But he was looking at her in utter admiration as if even the wishes brought by a thousand shooting stars were too dull to compare. . . . And of course, in some nights they just stay inside their rooms and just talk with a midnight snack on the side. They talk about the most random of things without leaving a space to be filled with a radio silence. They openly share their opinions about some things and it often leads to them arguing; but nevertheless they don't let those arguments make a rift on their friendship. Those were petty things after all. "I can tell you that Athena is much better than Poseidon," Annabeth stated, leaning back on the foot of Percy's bed as she reached for a jellybean. "No way," Percy argued. "You just like her because you're both stuck up. And uhuh, that's my blue jellybean you're reaching." He swatted her hand away and stole the blue food from her. " Blue is mine. " "What's yours is mine," Annabeth recalled the rules they made before stealing the blue jellybean back. "Therefore, blue is mine too. I get this jellybean." "What?! That's hardly fair. If what's mine is yours , then yours is mine too. I deserve an equal right for that jellybean." She popped the candy in her mouth, watching as Percy's face crumpled in horror. "I got it first. Sorry but not really." The black-haired boy kicked her feet lightly and shoved two blue jellybeans in his mouth. "I hate you and your Athena." The blonde smirked at him. "You're just bitter because your Poseidon lost, Percy." "Hate you still." "I can never agree more." They sat in comfortable silence for while eating their jellybeans and playing rock-paper-scissors on Percy's bed. After laughing so hard from a terrible inside joke, Percy nudged her arm playfully. "Hey," he said. "What?" "If what's yours is mine, then does that mean you're mine too?" "What?!" Annabeth sputtered, looking at him like he was crazy. "Technically, you own yourself, right? Then that means whatever you own are mine too," Percy explained carefully. "I suppose you are right. But let's just ignore that. It doesn't make sense afterall." "Yeah. And you'll just keep stealing my jellybeans, if ever." "I would not!" "Yes, you would." . . . Of course, they still argued during their puberty years. "I'm fourteen and still taller than you," Annabeth snickered. She stood on her tiptoes to further emphasize her height. Percy glared at her. "Just wait till I hit puberty. At least I didn't have a bad case of acne like someone."