Because seriously, UPDATING IS SO STRESSFUL. Well, yeah. For those who are reading You Can Kick My Butt Honey (Shut Up!), I'll update soon. I just needed to finish this story that had been bugging my mind ever since. Anyway, this was so hard to write. It probably took me a week or less. I don't know, but I feel like I'm having a writer's block. And I sort of got the tower thing idea from Tangled and some more from myself then voila. Disclaimer: They aren't mine. We all know that. The tension in the room was palpable. Percy Jackson readjusted his position once more before he scribbled back on his notebook, his sea green eyes flitting over the words as he read them on his mind. There were a few scattered papers on his desk, some with coffee stains and ink blots, a piece of bread half-eaten and his blue mug with coffee that had already grown cold. Even his last bottle of ink that was sitting near the edge of the desk was completely ignored, the boy's concentration solely focused on the notebook in front of him. At last, after a few more scratches, the boy suddenly jumped in glee and hit the back of his knees against the table. The impact caused a few papers to move, the coffee in the mug to spill and the bottle of ink to completely fall off. But he didn't seem to notice any of it. He's too busy jumping, dancing and laughing to pay attention to things he'll probably regret later. "Yes! I have finished it!" Percy shouted in glee, pumping his fists in the air. He pressed several kisses on the notebook he was holding, raised it like a trophy and looked at it as if it was the most wonderful thing in the world. Probably the most wonderful thing in his world. Percy glanced back on the mess on his desk then shrugged. He'd probably throw a party later, to celebrate the conclusion of his recent story. A party that only he would be able to attend. His gaze then traveled across the room, beaming proudly at the sight of neatly stacked papers that surrounded him. Those papers were filled with stories he weaved throughout his life. Writing, he supposed, was the only thing that anchored him to sanity. It was what kept him occupied most of the time, letting the thoughts of depression steer away from his mind. Of course, being locked up in a tower with no company whatsoever was indeed nerve-racking, if not mind-blowing. He had briefly entertained the notion that perhaps he was destined to be the male counterpart of Rapunzel, with the exception of that mile long hair. The thought alone made him cringed. Oh how badly he wanted for someone to take him away from this place. Perhaps there's a princess out there coming to free him from this tower (though that would be embarrassing). Perhaps there's a lady out there to fall in love. Perhaps a happy ending out there to have. And he couldn't entertain any more of these because they made him hold onto things that he's sure he couldn't grasp. Things like hope, he supposed. So Percy resorted onto writing the life he couldn't have. Life with a happy ending, he thought. Lifting the blue curtain, he looked out in the window, past the tall pine trees and mountain ranges, up at the tip of a castle from a kingdom he didn't know the name of. There would be tons of people wandering, talking and laughing. Shepherds maybe, with their flocks of sheep grazing the evergreen fields. Just like the one in his story. Market stalls with various fruits, poultry and meat would be there too. And inside the palace, there's the king and queen, watching their people with smiles on their faces. Just like the one in his story. Perhaps, the prince had already found his princess, both happily in love. Just like his story. He stared back at the notebook on his hand. He just finished another story with a satisfied ending. But no matter how many stories he wrote, no matter how many words he crammed on those papers, he couldn't fill that cruel gap in his heart: like a constant reminder of a missing piece he'll never have. Percy might've written a lot of stories with happy endings. The funny thing was, he couldn't even bring himself to write a happy ending of his own. When Percy woke up, he was fairly sure there's something wrong. He could hear light footfalls from his polished wooden floor, which he was certain, there wasn't ought to hear. He could also see the slight shift of the light coming from his open window, which he thought, wasn't supposed to blind his vision. Finally, he could see a small figure bent over his desk, where a handful of his stories were placed. It seemed as though the intruder was searching for something. An intruder. There wasn't supposed to be an intruder here. Especially in this tower. Stealthily, he creeped towards the intruder and held the person in a neck grip. "Hey," a female voice croaked. "You're choking me." "Who are you? What are you doing here?" he questioned, trying to add a certain hostility in his voice. He tried to quell the fact that this girl was the first person he has seen his whole life, except for Gabe. He felt bouncy and giddy for some reason he ought to figure out later. "I'll tell you once you let go of me," the girl answered. He loosened his grip on her, slightly. "You're not going to hurt me, are you?" "NO!" she screeched. "I don't hurt people, for goodness' sake. Maybe perverts for an exception." Hesitantly, he let go of her. With the curtains drawn to the side, he could now see her properly. She wasn't at all dressed like a lady should. But then, he wasn't even sure if she's a lady. Her face was hidden beneath the hood of the grey cloak she wore. Under that cloak were men's trousers folded and tucked neatly inside her brown boots and a white camisole that was quite big for her size. She also had a leather bag slung on her shoulders. If it wasn't for her voice, Percy might've addressed her as a man. "You aren't a pervert, are you?" she asked warily. He blushed. "No, no, no. I'm Percy Jackson." She then removed her hood, revealing a cascade of golden curls. Her fair skin was a compliment to her hair and her sparkling gray eyes stood out. On first look, he might've mistaken her for a princess. Percy blinked. She smiled. Then, he blushed darker. She was lovely. "Annabeth Chase. No Annie. No Beth. Just Annabeth," she muttered and smiled. Annabeth extended her hand towards him. Percy hesitantly held it but instead of shaking it, he grasped her hand tight. He wasn't quite sure how to talk to this girl and with every passing minute, he found himself getting tongue tied. "Uh, nice to meet you, Annabeth." "It wasn't nice meeting you, Percy," Annabeth retorted. "You almost choked me." He rubbed his neck awkwardly. "I didn't mean to. But, you scared me." Annabeth shrugged. "I guess we're quits." She looked around the room for some more before turning towards him. "So, where's the Secret Book?" Percy stared at her, confused. "What Secret Book?" "Oh don't you fool me, Jackson. I know you're hiding it." "Please. I have no idea what you're talking about. Besides, I should be the one questioning you. You broke into my room!" he claimed. "Sorry for that." She didn't seem to be least apologetic. "But, I need the book. Like, need it really. I'll explain the details later." "Annabeth," Percy began. She seemed startled to hear him say it. "I don't know what book you are looking for. I have lived here my whole life so I practically knew my way around here. Got it?" Annabeth looked exasperated. "But it had to be here. She said it was here." Annabeth bit her lip to stop those from trembling. "Are you sure there's no Secret Book?" He nodded his head. "Like really sure?" She looked hopeful. "Really sure." "Positive?" Her gray eyes have gone into something he couldn't quite imagine. Perhaps, like silver stars in the night sky. And he wasn't even sure if there were any silver stars at all. "P-p. . .positive." She raised her arms in the air. "Fine. This journey was sure a fool's errand." Annabeth made a move towards the window. But before she could, Percy caught her hand back. "Wait," he said without thinking. Percy was sure there was something that pushed him to stop Annabeth from leaving. And even though he wasn't certain of the reason, he knew that perhaps he ought to make this meeting longer. To stretch the time into minutes, hours or days. He wasn't ready to let go of her. Not yet. "What?" "I'm not sure but maybe we could search the place? Perhaps, I've forgotten the titles of these books," he replied quietly, hoping that she'll agree to stay with him for awhile. There was a lingering pause, and for a moment, Percy thought she'd reject him. How many rejections had he experienced his whole life? "I guess we could do that," she agreed, beaming. They first started rummaging on the lowest and nearest bookshelf from them. They worked quietly, except for the occasional conversation that were almost whispered. Percy couldn't seem to pry his eyes off from her. It was almost like he was in a sort of a trance, a dream perhaps. He just couldn't grasp the fact that he was seeing a real person. And stunning too, his mind added. "Why do you keep staring at me?" Annabeth asked casually, maybe out of curiosity. She didn't seem to be displeased with him, yet. "It's just. . . I can't believe I'm seeing you right now. Like you're the first person I have ever seen my whole life aside from Gabe." "First person, seriously? You are not kidding me?" He meekly shook his head. "I'm not kidding you. You're the first person, really. I've been locked up in this tower ever since I was born." "Is that even possible? How do you manage to live? Why are you locked up? Are you a criminal or something?" "No, I'm not a criminal or any of the sorts you are thinking. Gabe wouldn't tell me the reason why, no matter how much I beg and cry, mind you." "Who's Gabe?" "I don't know. My guardian, perhaps." "Gabe seems like an awful name." She scrunched her nose in disgust. He chuckled. "You are right about that. He always smells funny whenever he visits. So I call him Smelly Gabe." "Fitting," she agreed. "Then, if you aren't a criminal. . . maybe you have some super deadly disease and you are here for quarantine. Oh my gosh. I touched you!" "Hey. I'm perfectly normal," he argued. "Alright. Maybe. . .you are some sort of royalty? An exiled prince who's supposed to take over the throne?" "An exiled prince?" He smiled at the thought. Percy vaguely remembered his recent story. The protagonist had been an exiled prince. He somehow wished Annabeth's words were true. "Do you happen to know the author of that Secret Book?" he inquired. She thought for a moment. "I believe it was Athena." "Athena, you say? I think I might have read her name once," he answered. "Really?" Annabeth smiled brightly. "Let me see it." "I don't think that was of any importance. Just a romance book, that's all." Annabeth scrunched her eyebrows. "Funny. I haven't heard that she wrote romance." "It's because you haven't read the Secret Book." "Just let me see it," she snapped. Percy scampered towards his desk and opened the smallest drawer, retrieving a book that