oOo A Little Thing Known as Imprinting Jacob / Bella Rating M TheMightyRen oOo All publicly recognisable characters belong to their respective owners and no copyright infringement is intended. oOo Summary oOo It's been 15 years since Bella Swan got married and never heard from again. Jacob's now Chief and Alpha but the only wolf not to have imprinted. What does it take to bring Bella home? oOo Authors Note oOo If you've read this story before you will know that our poor Jake is in a dark place, depressed, he's going through the motions. Basically he has been waiting for his imprint but also not knowing what happened to Bella was the worst thing for Jacob. He was there as her 'best man' at her wedding. He got his dance and was pushed back by Seth and Sam into the tree's after Bella discussed the details of her honeymoon. Just like in the books, when Jacob leaves that wedding so do we, the rest of Breaking Dawn we don't know about, it never happened. The only thing we do know is two weeks or so after the wedding the Cullens leave; no word, no explanation they just disappear. Jake doesn't even know if he killed her, he has always assumed that Bella has been turned or dies with the hasty departure of the Cullen's from Forks. He stays close to Charlie, watches over him and keeps a keen ear for any contact but never hears a single thing. As time goes on imprinting seems to be something normal for the wolves, all of the original pack imprint, with the exception of him and recently the pack has starting to expand again, even though no threat has been in the area. Expect Jake to experience anger, relief and confusion when he finally does imprint and what he thought he'd always find relief in only causes more turmoil. When I started writing this I had a loose idea but was writing chapter to chapter, then when I began actually plotting this out I wanted it all to be Jacob's point of view only, which adds to the suspense, I wasn't going to narrate at all and leave you all to deal with things the way he was. I quickly realised that with this story, the way it was coming from me, the answers to the questions I had only made everything much more complex. I've tried to plot this story, usually I write everything down I want to cover and then separate it into the chapters I'm going to cover it in and I keep writing until everything I need to has been put in that chapter, some chapters are long, some not, it just depends how well I manage to put everything in. I've realised that it's not Jacob's story of how he found and dealt with his imprint, which is what I originally wanted it to be but its Bella's story of how she got home and what she experienced to get there. There are a lot of cliff hangers, this is just how the story is so if you don't like suspense or a story that will keep you on the edge of your seat this probably won't be something you will enjoy. There are so many, many what I call plot drops in this story, things that once you have read the entire thing will think: Ohh, I can see where that came from now. I ask you to hold back your gut reaction to defend Jacob from Bella and remember Jacob's not the only one that suffered, he might have mourned her and experienced a great deal of pain but that doesn't mean she didn't. I'm sure once you start to find out things you'll warm to her. She has come back incredibly different. An enigma to even Jake; changed in ways he never thought he'd see. It's not a simple Jake and Bella imprint after she comes back changed but still human. oOo A Little Thing Known as Imprinting Chapter One – Reminiscing on First Beach oOo Fifteen years and every fucking year I find myself doing the same damned thing. Not sleeping, patrolling, drinking warm soda, walking on the beach, sitting on driftwood, patrolling, warm soda, going home, throwing tools around the garage, not sleeping, not eating. Basically throwing one hell of a pity party; today is the one of several days throughout the year where no one dared approach me. Was I really that unapproachable? Did I really scare the living shit out of my closest friends, pack mates and family members? Thinking about it... Yes, I did. On these days I couldn't find it in me to care at all and in all honesty I cared Jack-shit about anything anymore. Some people go on vacation, others read; some people go to the gym. Even if I had wanted to I couldn't do any of those things. I was bound here, not just by my bloodline but by memories, my thoughts, hopes and dreams. I couldn't move on no matter how hard I tried. Every day it hurt, bad, some of those days were worse because they signified so much more. Like today, her Birthday. Was there actually a reason for the 'Mighty Alpha' to be patrolling in the torrential rain? Simply put, no. There hadn't been a trail since the day they had left, with no word, no contact, no explanation. I sighed. Why? How could it still hurt? Why was this year worse? Was this year worse? These were some of the thoughts floating round in my mind. It was worse this year though, two reasons. Firstly, for no reason at all kids had started phasing again. What was worse was I had no way to offer them release, there was no fun of the chase like we had all those years ago. We all thought that at least when they had lived close there was something small to keep us on our toes, there was more purpose. These kids had never even smelled a leech first hand, let alone seen one or fought one. Secondly... Fuck No! I don't want to consider thinking about it, any of it and at the same time... It was the only thing I could think of. Almighty Fucking Alpha. Whatever. I may be the almighty alpha but I was also the only wolf without a mate. Imprinting, rare? No freaking way was it rare. Did I want a 'mate'? Yes. No. No, forget that. What I wanted was a wife, a lover and confidante... A best friend, I wanted someone to look after and be looked after by. Had I tried? No, not really, but I wanted it none-the-less. For ten years I had been encouraged, hounded, paraded for and paraded to by every Native American woman in existence, of that I was sure. That was without counting all the women that threw themselves at me whenever they met me, elbow deep in car oil, cleaning out a septic tank, I could be doing anything and they didn't care. Literally I could be doing anything, anywhere and it didn't matter. I could get a response from every woman I came into contact with, at times I had thought about abusing that but I honestly wasn't that interested. I'm not being egotistical about it, it's the truth, I thought that it must have been something to do with the wolf, my Alpha blood running through my veins or something; it must omit a pheromone of some sort. Obviously being six foot seven and two hundred and eighty five pounds of rippling muscle had something to do with it but who I was just seemed to help seal the deal, even on a subconscious level women flocked to me, whether it was just because I wasn't imprinted I couldn't be sure anymore. Did anyone's plans to snare me actually work? Never. Why? I just couldn't. I always thought of her, my sister as she once said she was. There was no way I looked at her like a sister. You don't share almost kisses and kisses, and touches and just freaking MOMENTS like we did with your sister. Or at least I didn't, I had two sisters so I decided I would know, the second reason, the one that just made everything so much harder was God-forsaken imprinting. Yes I could mark as many women as I wanted to and being the man I was I would be more than happy to be at there for them for the rest of our existence. It would be nothing unusual for that to happen to the pack but to the outside world, it was a different story all together and I didn't want that. I personally didn't believe in it. Through history it had been normal for the Chief of a tribe to have like five wives or something, it wasn't for me, I only wanted one, I only needed one. I sure as hell knew the problems that could come from marking a woman before you found your imprint, just so you could get your rocks off. Paul was a perfect example but once he'd done it and they found out about it they all wanted to have a go. Did I mention I hate it? The whole idea of it, there was no solid foundation for the basic notion of it. It could be anyone, happen at any time, it didn't even mean that they were nice, it was just another choice made for you. Paul, my now brother in law, due to imprinting. Great isn't it? Paul, the arrogant, rude, panty-chasing, hot-headed ass can't keep his hands off my sister and she's the same with him. She had softened him, a miniscule amount after they imprinted and I couldn't fault the way he was with her, asides from the other women, thankfully none came after he had found her but like they needed to. It was bad enough that the imprint tied her to him, to La Push, but it tied her to all the other women as well. Around a normal, throw in the gutter woman Paul could keep his cool so long as he could get some but Rachel was always as hot-headed as he was and it still worries me that she could get hurt, accidents happened. The fact Paul had marked around twenty other women before they imprinted just made things even more strained between them, especially when one of them needed him. It was easy to see Rachel was his and he was hers there was unnecessary tension at times. I didn't want that if I found my imprint. Paul and Rachel had the whole house and family thing going on, with the cute dog, a good car and jobs but he still was bound to the others. One of them could turn up in the middle of the night and say jump, he would look to Rachel and she would ask 'How high?', it's easy enough for the outside world to say 'Rachel should do this' or 'Rachel should tell him that,' but they were all bound together. If one needed something the others could feel it, only Rachel knew the truth, the other women had no idea and Paul, he certainly felt it. Now it wasn't very Paul like to be thinking and doing for others, he had a tough shell to break especially when it came to women, most of it came from the insecurities placed in him by his own mother but once he had Rachel and realised what he had done... It had taken them both a long time to come to terms with it, even if she didn't blame him for having relationships before her. Now he had chosen them, he was stuck with them. Thankfully most of them lived away from the reservation and several of them didn't know where to find him