NOTE : This is a 5 + year old manuscript I'm reposting. I WILL / AM editing all 107 of my Twilight stories. Thats over 1.2 million words currently and counting… If you are a longstanding fan please message me with any requests for reposts and I will move it to the top of the repost list. Thank you always fandom friends for carrying me through my darkest times. I owe these stories to you all. Please review I need the motivation. Choice & Consequence Written By TheMightyRen Beta: Ynotjacob Pre-reader: rllance Foolishly in New Moon, Jake turns Bella away, she turns to Quil that day and together they deal with the rejection, romance blossoms between them but it's not meant to be, the spirits have commanded and so it shall be... Chapter One ~ PreC&C-verse (A 'Mighty' mash-up of Chapter 9 ~ New Moon) I wasn't miserable anymore and time was moving quickly. Between school, work, and Jacob an effortless pattern was formed. Charlie wasn't complaining, I was out of my room and functioning. I might have been fooling him and Jacob but I couldn't fool myself. My composure still hung on a thread at times; and that thread was none other than Jacob Black. I was like a lost moon, my planet destroyed in some cataclysmic, disaster-movie scenario of dissolution. When I paused to take stock of life, something that I never liked to do, I was certain that I was putting too much faith in Jacob. What if he stopped being there for me? The consequences didn't bear thinking about. The voice in my head had faded. Granted, I was better on the bike now but I didn't think that was entirely the root of the problem. No longer hearing the voice terrified me. Was I beginning to forget about Edward, his whole of his family? If only I had the photos, some physical proof that the were not a figment of my imagination. That might have helped. One terrible weekend I slipped down the stairs, and I say it was terrible because Edward's voice didn't chastise me. Escaping a trip to the ER hadn't been any comfort to me, though it was for Charlie, even if he did have to replace the rail. Seeing me cartwheel down the stairs tangled in a mass of bedding would haunt him for years to come. As a distraction, a last hope almost, I threw myself into searching for the meadow. It was frenzied, to the point where the feeling was palpable. I racked my brain in search of other adrenalin-producing activities, but couldn't think of any that would top the motorbikes without skirting on the edge of suicide. Not keeping track of the days that passed and living as much as possible in the present left me unprepared for Jacob to bring up the date at the beginning of one of our homework sessions. He was waiting when I pulled up in front of his house. "Happy Valentine's Day," Jacob said, smiling, but ducking his head as he greeted me. I considered if maybe he'd been using the phrase all day or if he had only said it to me. I realised that I should probably pay attention to the people around me more often. He held out a small, pink box, balancing it on his palm. Conversation Hearts. "Well, I feel like a schmuck," I told him cheerily, part of me trying to brush over the fact that it was obviously Valentine's and that Jacob was making something of it; that 'it' being directly linked to myself. Taking the box from him I tore it open, shaking the candy into my palm and flicking some of them over to find one to give back to him. It was the least I could do. "Is today Valentine's Day?" Jake shook his head with mock sadness, "You can be so out of it sometimes. Yes, it is the fourteenth day of February. So are you going to be my Valentine?" His mock amusement and didn't bother to hide the genuine intention behind his request. "Since you didn't get me a fifty-cent box of candy?" And that was why I could be around Jacob so much, because no matter what he felt for me and no matter the boundaries he would push or how they would blend, he knew me and he saw how much it took me to let him as close as he was. I tried not to think of how he wanted more. Smiling I bumped my shoulder into his arm and palmed him a candy, "BFF" before rolling my eyes. Being anything less than upbeat around Jacob was impossible. "What exactly does that entail? Because I'm already sneaking you notes from my Arizona Literature stash." I joked back. "Oh, well. I suppose." He looked flustered and dutifully embarrassed. "Just the usual 'slave for life' stuff, anyway. Nothing you can't handle, I don't think." His gaze slid to mine while he held the front door open for me and I chuckled. Again with the blurring of lines. It was flattering and Jacob had a lovely way of doing these things but... I couldn't let things change. The trouble was it was just so easy being with him. I would have to find a way to make the boundary lines clear again. It wasn't going to be an easy thing to do, especially when he would make sweet gestures like that. "So, what are we doing tomorrow? Hiking or the ER?" "What's Quil doing? Maybe you two should-" "Grounded. He won't tell me why but I saw his mom. There is no way she's going back on it." I nodded, "Hiking then." I decided. "I'm starting to think I imagined that place..." And I knew it was quite possible that I had. "You know we'll find it. Bikes Friday?" He offered. Seeing the chance to redefine our friendship I jumped at it, the two of us spending so much time alone together, this routine... it wasn't helping. I knew it wasn't just Jacob who needed reminding either. I was left alone on the forest floor. Unwanted and unloved, I reminded myself. "I'm going to a movie Friday. I've been promising the cafeteria crowd that I would go forever." Mike would be pleased at least. But Jacob's face fell, I had hoped he would enjoy the space. I caught the expression in his dark eyes before he dropped them to look at the ground. Hurting Jacob was something that I didn't want to do, not even if it was for his benefit. "You'll come too, right?" I added quickly. "Or will it be too much of a drag to be with a bunch of boring seniors?" I hadn't ever pushed Jacob away and I realised that it wasn't going to be an easy task, especially when we seemed to be connected in an odd way; his pain set off little stabs of my own. On a positive note, I thought, maybe it would help keep Mike in line too if he saw me with Jacob. "You'd like me to come, with your friends there?" "Yes," I admitted honestly, "I'll have a lot more fun if you're there. Bring Quil, and we'll make it a party." I hoped Quil could add just a little more distraction for Jake. "Quil's gonna freak. Senior girls." He chortled and rolled his eyes. I didn't mention Embry, and neither did he. I laughed, too. "I'll try and get him a good selection." If I had been on the ball I would have said 'the two of you' but at the same time, I knew that the thought didn't cross my mind for a reason. Much later that night when I was at home, in bed alone and the house was silent, I tried to push away the churning feeling I felt in my gut when I imagined how Jessica would be around him. Mike had some notion that his mom's Suburban was going to be necessary. Jessica was still giving me the cold shoulder. When she and Lauren found out that the outing was my idea they both claimed to be busy. Quil was still grounded and this time Jacob knew why. He had been the one to pull Quil off two older guys who had said something about Quil's grandad. Only Angela and Ben and, of course, Jacob and Mike were able to go, not that any of it mattered to Mike. He didn't shut up about it on Friday. Jessica didn't look impressed. When I got home from school, a very familiar car was parked in front of my house. Jacob was leaning against the hood, a huge grin spread across his face. "No way!" I shouted, jumping from the truck. "It's done? I can't believe it. You finished the Rabbit!" If the grin hadn't been proof enough the bounce in his step as he walked toward me was. "Just last night. This is her maiden voyage." "Incredible," I told him, at the same time raising my hand and Jacob high fived me. He left his hand there, twisting his fingers through mine. "So do I get to drive tonight?" "Definitely," I said, and then I sighed heavily. "What's wrong?" "I'm giving up-I can't top this one. So you win. You're older." He shrugged, winking cheekily, as though it was something he had been obviously waiting for me to admit to. "Of course I am." At that moment Mike's battered Suburban chugged around the bend. I took the opportunity to pull my hand from Jacob's but stood proudly next to him. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed he pulled a face that I don't think I was supposed to see. "I remember this guy," he said in a low voice. "The one who thought you were his girlfriend. Is he still confused?" It was impossible for me not to comprehend Jake's possessive tone, "Some people are hard to discourage." I told him. It was honest enough and I couldn't resist the small dig at Jake. I wasn't his girlfriend and I had never given him the illusion that we might be more than good friends. "Then again," Jacob said thoughtfully, "sometimes persistence pays off." His attitude angered me and I spoke before I had chance to really think about it. "Most of the time it's just annoying, though." I glanced at Jake again a little nervously when I saw his body tense out of the corner of my eye. He focused on Mike before glancing back at me for a second, shooting me a lopsided grin, almost as though he hadn't been staring daggers at Mike. "But not all of the time?" I would have liked to have dismissed the warm fluttering feeling in my stomach by reasoning that his smile had been similar Edward's, but there was no similarity. I reminded myself again that I was broken and that I would never be worthy of Jacob because of it. I perceived with the intense introductions and tense car ride - where Jacob and Mike competed to see who knew me better, obviously Mike hadn't stood a chance against Jacob. I had spent the majority of the ride stunned into silence as I observed how well Jacob knew me, especially some of the things I hadn't really known myself until they were mentioned. We watched the awful movie, which Jacob and I managed to laugh through after the awkward first forty minutes when both boys seemed to be trying to encourage me to take one of their hands. Mike was the first to give up, and the moment he did Jacob's warm hand reached across and found mine, unwrapping my arms from my chest. I hadn't realised I was holding myself so tightly until his warm thumb eased my fingers away from my palm and I felt the blood tingling as it returned to my digits. We sat that way,