This is unedited, so if there any mistakes, I will come back later and fix them. This will be a short fanfiction. The next chapter will be in Nico's POV again, and then one or two in either Will's or Percy's. Please read&review. Next update will be tomorrow. Thanks :) Nico POV There's always a special gap between dating-fiancé- marriage. Dating has that thrilling teenage feeling, of stolen kisses between classes and after school on the bus. The fiancé step in love is where you realize you are either way over your head or that you are absolutely in love. Then you have marriage the no go. What always ends in horror, well not always, but you get the gist. Ask any divorced man or woman and they will probably say it was the worst thing they ever did. But ask a happily married 80-year-old and their eyes twinkle with distant, almost forgotten memories. They sit in their old people's homes, clutching the hand of their old lover, grinning, their eyes old and wise but full of the same youth and love they did the same day they got married. I wanted that. I realize, as a 19 year old boy, that is a very odd thing to want with all my might, but I just wanted to grow up, fall in love and die with memories of late night kisses and adrenalin pumping tours around the world where we jump out of planes and eat food that smells like my grandmothers underarm. So, I reasoned. I had to find a boyfriend. Easy enough. Wrong. You really do only realize it's hard to find a gay college boy when you are looking. For a while, in my freshman year of college, I decided to put aside my want of love, and focused only on my studies. Of course, that's when I stumbled across Percy. As soon as I saw him walking into a lecture ten minutes late an on his tongue, I knew I found The One. No questions asked. I did. It doesn't help when you have social anxiety. But that was easy to take care of, as I later found out, that Percy loves to talk to those who don't want it. It's like his eyes were infrared, scanning for a socially dysfunctional boy straight away. There were at least twenty spare seats and he took the one on my immediate right side. The Fates either loved me or hated me. We clicked almost instantly. He introduced himself before the teacher started the lesson again, sticking his hand out. "Hey. I'm Percy Jackson." He must be a freshman. No other person would be this enthusiastic to shake my hand. I ignored the hand. He awkwardly, after a minute of me ignoring his hand, put it on the desk. "No touching? No biggie. What's your name?" I resisted the urge to run screaming. In. Out. Breathe. I looked up and met his green eyes and I don't remember my first meeting with him after that. He insisted on sitting next to me, day after day. The class we shared was a weird class that covered the physiological mind of warriors and such in history, ranging from Hitler to Achilles. Then we started bumping into eachother after and before classes. I remember once he saw me sitting under the shade of the tree, eating an apple, reading a text book for school and listening to ear splittingly loud music. He didn't say anything, just sat next to me, knee to knee, took out his things for studying and stayed there until he told me (I totally wasn't listening...) that he had a class to go to. The next day, I decided to sit in the same spot. I thought he wouldn't come back. He did. That boy was full of a lot of surprises. I learnt a lot about his mannerisms, on our under-the-tree-studying-together-but-not-together escapade. He likes a lot of different music, some of which I don't know and don't want to know. He doggy ears his books (internal cringe). He solely eats blue foods. He flips his hair Justin Bieber style to annoy me. After about a month of this, I started to leave my earphones in my bag. With my earphones off, he would ask me questions. "Hey, Nico. What does this word mean?" "Hey Nico, do you think that cloud looks like a bunny?" "Hey Nico, don't go to sleep, we're studying," I once subtly walked passed him while he was sitting with a couple of his friends. "You totally like him," One said- he had a scar on his lip and short blond hair. "Don't not date him just because you don't think he likes you. Just go ask him on a date," He said. I kept walking. I had the exact same conversation with my one and only friend, who also happens to be my sister, Bianca. After two months of our dance, his friends practically forced him on me. Not in a sexual way or anything, they just made secret plans to join us together and blind dates and things of the like. Bianca thought we were perfect for eachother. So, mostly only from peer pressure, we dated. I think the universe decided that two gay guys can't just be friends. They have to date, fall in love, or the world will implode. I will admit I fell in love with Percy Jackson as quickly as anyone would when looking into his deep green eyes over a game of chess. It turns out, as well, that he didn't know how to play, either. Percy is two years older than me, so when I was a mere freshman, he was a sophisticated junior. We did everything together. Classes, studying, kissing, dates, intimate moments that will forever be in my heart. We were serious. By the end of my freshman year, I had met both his mum, his dad and all his fish. By the end of my sophomore year, we were so familiar with eachother, we decided to move in. We rented an apartment near the university, and also near Percy's new work. It was an aquarium. He fed seals. When I started my junior year, I realized how lonely I was. Being with Percy meant side-dating his friends as well. I became one with their group. Now I had no group. On our anniversary of our first time ever meeting, by a twinkling lake, Percy proposed. I said yes, of course. Our engagement was a two year one, as he told me the next day that he wanted to travel to Africa and help children get fresh water. I wanted to come, but I wanted to finish my degree, too. He told me to stay. It's been six months since I've seen him. So, now we are caught up to my present time. We call every second day, and he tells me tales of riding elephants and meeting this cool girl who has blond hair and is actually smarter than our professor. I laughed at the right moments, frowned at the proper times. Monday rolled by, and my phone rang as Bianca and I were driving to the lake for a week away, seeing as the Spring Holidays had hit and we wanted some time away. "Hello?" "Nico! It's me!" Percy. I smiled and put him on loudspeaker, setting the phone on the dash. "Hey Perce. You're on loud speaker. Bianca and I are driving to the lake!" "Cool! Hey Bi!" "Hey, Perce." "I miss you heaps, Nico. I just wanted to call and check in," "Miss you too, Perce. How's Annabeth?" "Great! She's out rocking an orphan right now, in the back," I felt an absurd prickle of jealousy prick, prick, prick, into my heart. African orphans? What is she? Jesus? "That's awesome, Perce," Bianca tore her eyes away from the road to give me a sympathetic glance. "I know right! She's so cool. Anyways, I've got to go." "Yeah, okay." "You alright, Neeks?" "Yeah. Just tired," "I'll call tomorrow, I love you," My heart softened at that, and I smiled. "I lo-" I didn't have a chance to finish my sentence, as blaring lights ran at our car, slamming into it on Bianca's side. I actually watched my big sister's whole body crumple in on itself, her bones crushing and her eyes balls literally popping out of her head as the metal around her killed her. It was terrifying. My seat belt clicked open, as a shard of metal fell down and popped it open. I went flying out of the car and onto the asphalt. I could distantly hear Percy calling at me through the phone 'Nico! Nico what just happened? Hello? NICO!' I blacked out. There's just some things you can never recover from. Like seeing your best friend and sister being squished between metal and metal. There's just some things you can never forget. Like hearing my fiancée screaming at me through the phone to just please pick up, please Nico. There's just some things that haunt you forever. Like how I know my fiancée is catching the first flight away from his big dream, to come and hold me while I cry in a hospital bed. The guilt. Someone, I found out later, had driven passed the crash and called the ambulance. Percy was still on the phone, when they came, I heard. Apparently he called 911 from Africa. And it went through. Don't ask me how. Apparently he had already scheduled a flight to come over. He thought I was dead. The ambulance told him that I was fine, but he didn't believe them. They said he really loved me. I didn't believe them, at that point. I had four broken ribs, a shattered left leg and glass shard all along my chest. My left hand, my writing hand, was completely shattered. I had major head injury, physically and mentally. My doctor, a tall blond man, who went by the name of Dr. Solace, was put to me specifically. They said I was in shock. They said I was comatose. I would lie in bed, days upon days. Dr. Solace would sit next to me, legs up on a table, and do his college homework. He wasn't even a full doctor yet, but he was one of the best. Percy arrived when I came out of ICU. He called my dad, who caught a flight from Los Angeles to New York that night. He came for my sister, I had presumed. He had thought she was alive. My dad didn't see me, at all. He would sit outside my room, every day, doing his paperwork. He never came in. I wished he would. Percy came in, he posed as my cousin, even though Dr. Solace knew he wasn't. Percy would sit on the opposite side of where Dr. Solace would. When Percy took my hand, it spasmed. Dr. Solace would put his notes aside quickly and fix whatever was wrong. I hated it when Percy took my hand. "I don't think he likes it when you take his hand," Dr. Solace offered. That was the first time I ever saw Percy fall out of the wagon. I was conscious for this. I usually was conscious for everything. It was like I was normal, but numb everywhere. And I didn't want to wake up. Didn't want to respond. I felt like my body couldn't. Percy stormed around my bed and grabbed Dr. Solace by the collar, shaking him. "What do you know? Have you known him since he was starting college? Did you take the time and effort to get to know him, to understand him, every second of every day?" They were standing just in my line of sight. Dr. Solace took the shaking, and when Percy finished, he calmly took his hands off of the lapels of his jacket. Percy burst into tears, my non-doctor doctor