This is unedited. I repeat. Unedited. I apologize in advance for any mistakes of grammar, punctuation, the spelling of things, names, places I got wrong etc. Hope you enjoy and PLEASE R&R! Tell me what you think of the ending! Theories people! I want theories haha! Title from the song 'Come on Eileen' by Dexys Midnight Runners! *Edited* *Sweeps misspelled letters under the rug* Whoops... Death was always on my agenda. Even from birth, it surrounded me, it was inside me. Death's sweet fingers caressed my life and squeezed at random intervals, destroying my life, one person at a time. It occurred to me, about three days after Bianca's death, that I could be next. It didn't really scare me at the time- I could maybe join Bianca, see my dad for the first time since losing my memory, and was death really that horrible if my father could just send me back? About half an hour later, I realized that could never happen because Bianca hadn't come back, yet. Then it scared me. A ten year old kid, alone, in a weird place that I have never been before. And death could be looming over me, waiting until the next moment. Six years later, and I've come to peace with that. People die, everybody dies. It happens eventually, to all mortals. Everyone. They all perish, and I only hoped it would happen in a least horrifying but heroic way possible. " Fuck Will, calm down." I pulled my socks on, in the threshold of my cabin. Will was jumping around, hair bouncing around as he strided along the grass in the front of the cabin. "Language!" "You swear too, Will." I pointed out, rolling my eyes. He was way too nervous, for no reason. "What is wrong anyway?" "Nothing. Chiron is just going to be teaching me some stuff today, and I'm afraid if I stuff up he won't let me heal people, and Nico that's all I can do. That is all I can do." I frowned, which is more of a furrow of the eyebrows because I don't actually have a facial expression other than anger, sadness or my poker face. "Will." My voice is icier than I wanted it to be, but never mind that. "Shut the fuck up. You'll be fine. It's okay to stuff up on the practice table, as long as it's not for real, right?" "Not really..." "And if you do mess up whatever it is you and Chiron are doing, that just means not to do it until you perfect it, right?" "I guess but..." "So shut up, sit down and breathe." Will frowns slightly, and plonks on the stairs of the porch, resting his feet up and stretching. Like a cat. A hyperactive, blond haired blue eyes cat. "Gee Nico, you always know what to say." He says, sarcasm lining his words. I make a huffing sound and work on tying my shoelaces again. It's been about six months since the previous war, and to be honest I am fucking tired of all the drama. I just want to relax, sit back and calm down. To actually stop staring death in the face and missing by a hair width each time. "Come on. Walk with me to the infirmary." "You can't walk there yourself?" I stand, grabbing my sword and sheath from next to my door and attach it to my waist. Will lightly punches my shoulder, a goofy grin on his face. "No." He says simply, grabbing the sleeve of my jacket and pulling me along. We detoured and snuck into the kitchen and grabbed an apple each, before stopping at the infirmary. I felt a familiar pang, right over my chest, and instantly stopped in my tracks. "Will..." "What?" He glances over his shoulder and sees emotion number three: no emotion. Aka the Poker Face. That's when we heard the scream, coming from the general direction of the cabins, and Will and I shot off, apples forgotten and dropped on the floor, Will's special lessons with Chiron at the back of our minds. We followed the general crowd, and stopped in front the shining Apollo cabin. We pushed through the crowd, and I stopped Will at the open door. "Stop. No one goes in." "What? No. That was my sister's scream-" "I said stop. Someone keep him outside." I nodded at a couple of campers who tugged Will back. I made my way inside, and into the bathroom next to the door. There was one of Will's youngest sisters staring wide eyed at something in the bathroom, and I gently touched her shoulder. She let out a soft sound, almost a moan, and I saw tears in her eyes. I looked over her shoulder to see a figure on the floor, all blue and red, throat and mouth as swollen as can be. I picked up the little girl, who couldn't have been more than 9, and carried her outside. Will immediately detached himself from the campers who had crowded around and ran up to the small blond, checking for injuries. "S-S-Su-" She stuttered out until she burst into tears. Will looked at me over her head. "Get someone to get Chiron." "Nico what's-" "Tell him I'll meet him at the infirmary." "Don't shadow travel, Nico. Promise." I went back inside and picked up the small boy, who couldn't have been more than eight. I wrapped him gently in a spare blanket from inside the bathroom cupboard. I walked outside, and was instantly under the scrutiny of literally the entire camp. "Nico-" "Move." I skirted around the teens and walked briskly towards the Big House, finding Katie Gardner and Chiron our front, with Katie rushing him out of his wheel chair and towards the cabins. "Thanks, Katie. I'll take it from here." Chiron sees the body wrapped in the yellow blanket and ushers me inside. My reasoning of not letting Will see his dead brother is actually very simple. Death from battle, and murder in a safe environment are two different things. I am almost positive if someone died on the battle field, and Will saw, he would definitely be affected, but in a different way. Seeing your dead brother in your home is horrifying. No other words but horrifying. The camp 'morgue' is actually in the basement, and off to the left in a special refrigerated room. Chiron led me to a metal table and gently lie down the boy. "Allergy. He died from allergy. He was probably taking a pill when he died. I'm ashamed to say I think he accidentally took the wrong one." I gently took the blanket away from his puffed out face, and Chiron sighed. "Call Will. Let him know who it is, and he'll get a shroud ready for the poor boy." I uncomfortably nodded. Before I moved towards the door, I closed his filmy eyes and sent a prayer to my father- may he reach where all heroes go. I found Will standing outside the infirmary, counting his siblings. "James and Elijah are missing. Nico are they okay are they...?" He trailed off as I touched his elbow, gently coaxing him away from his gaggle of brothers and sisters. "It was James, Will. We suspect he had an allergic reaction to some pills he accidentally took. I'm sorry, I'm really sorry." Will snapped his arm away from me, his eyes widening in horror. He stepped away from me for a second, and a tear dripped down his tanned chin. I leaned upwards and used my jacket sleeve to wipe it away, but it was replaced by yet another. "Can I- can I see his body?" "No. Absolutely not. I'm sorry but no. He's... he's not good looking." "I don't understand but I know you wouldn't tell me not to look for no reason." "Come on." I led him towards the porch again, and he sat down in front of his siblings, and extra boy who must have been Elijah was there now. Will quickly straightened up and looked at all his siblings, delivering the news with a straight face, not another tear falling. A couple hours later, I felt something nagging at me. It was an odd feeling. It was almost dinner, but I made my way towards the Apollo cabin. As I approached, I spotted Austin sitting on the porch swing, a harmonic in his mouth. He was playing a depressed tune, which even made me even sadder than usual. "What do you want?" He spat, and I rolled my eyes. "Is Will in?" "All of us are. You know. Mourning for our loved one. Because they died. You're the expert on death here. You see it every day. I bet you find this funny. " "I understand you are upset, but would you kindly shut the fuck up. Death happens to everyone, including me. When you lose your one and only fully related sister at the age of 10 and your mum at 6, then you can fucking tell me that I find this funny. But you haven't. So just leave me alone. You have my deepest sympathies, and I've already spoken with my father for him to go to the Isles if he chooses. So sit down, tell me where Will is and shove that harmonica back in your face." He seemed slightly stunned by that. I think that's the most I've spoken to anyone that isn't Will or Hazel in a long time. Serves him right. I may have been way harsher than I originally intended to, but just because I am the son of Hades, doesn't automatically mean I am happy about death. People need to get that through their thick skulls. "He's er... in the bathroom. He hasn't gone out since. He won't let anyone in, either." I pushed open the door, and found the blond haired blue eyed siblings spread out around, a mellow air to them that made me cringe. I have never seen this many Apollo children anything less than chill ever. "Will?" I asked, my voice soft. Kayla pointed me towards the closed bathroom door and I slipped in quickly. I found him sitting on the floor, back against the cabinet underneath the sink, his foot sitting next to the murder weapon (of sought). "Hey. Nico. My brother just died. Do you want to know how many that is, so far?" I knew precisely how many that made. And not just in this generation, either. But I let him list names, and when he added James at the end, he seemed to let out a tired sob of some kind. I crouched next to Will, putting a gentle hand on his bare foot. I brought out a cloth from my pocket, originally used to clean Will's sunglasses because he refused to do it himself, but this will do. I gingerly pick up the closed bottle of pills and checked the side. "Do you put prescriptions or something on drugs? What was this for?" "Um yeah. We do. His name, parent and birth date should be stickered on. He took them for a case of insomnia. It's a special concoction Chiron and I made. Take it after breakfast and before bed, and it helps you get to sleep." I checked the bottle. There was the hand written sticker on it, in Will's messy but legible handwriting. "Okay. Can you give me a list of things he is allergic to?" "Literally just peanuts- anaphylaxis. He puffs up about a couple seconds after swallowing." "Okay. I'm going to run this over to the Athena cabin. Don't touch anything in here, alright?" "Okay. Why, Nico? What are you doing?" I shrugged slightly. "I don't know. Something seems... off. Fishy. I don't know. I'll be right back, alright?" I gently touched his head and rushed off. When I reached the Athena cabin, Malcolm was sitting on the porch, criss-cross apple sauce on the wood. "Malcolm.