The Sliver Nymph Series: Harry Potter (AU) Characters: Ginny W. Hermione G. Disclaimer: contains lesbian relationship. Don't like, don't read. Ginny didn't feel right here, like everyone could see she didn't belong. And maybe they were right. All her life her parents had told her to stay away from Knockturn Alley. About as often as Fred and George had dared Ron to go in there. The way big brothers dare little brothers, boasting how they had done it. Funny, the never dared her. No, she had done that. She was finally here, having taken the step she had long waited too. It wasn't exactly as she imagined. Her parents had always made it sound, dark, dangerous. Okay, it wasn't as well lit as Diagon Alley. And she was alert of her surroundings. But she had felt more uncomfortable on some muggle streets. Ginny, or maybe she should call herself Ginevre here, was suddenly feeling an urge to explore everywhere at once, to see everything straight away. And that was tempting, but there was one place she did want to see. The Silver Nymph. She'd never seen it, or been anywhere near it, but she certainly knew of it. Everyone knew of it, in various guises and descriptions. House of Ill Repute might be the best one. Witches Den was another. Scarlet Nest. Just the sort of place a well brought up witch should stay away from. Which was exactly the reason Ginny wanted to go there. To see for herself what she had only heard about, to answer her own questions. The world couldn't be as cut and dry as her parents said. It couldn't. And she wasn't going to find that out standing around here. She knew what she was looking for but had no idea where too. She certainly didn't want to ask and seem any more out of place than she felt. Besides, from what she had overheard from her father once, it was the sort of place you just..well..found. She always had a good sense of direction so she just trusted to that, pulling her hood over her head against the falling rain. She had picked it out specially, she didn't want to be seen wearing anything that would be recognised as hers. She did like the red, made her feel dangerous. Plus it matched her hair. She always thought red was her colour. But mom never approved. She wouldn't approve of this either. 'Stop it. You're 18 years old now. You can do what you like. If I can find this..place.' Ginny raised her head and saw the sign swinging softly in the wind, the wispy ethereal picture obvious before her eyes . 'That was easy. And not a moment too soon.' As if to prove that point, the sky rumbled with a flash of thunder. Not to mention the increasingly heavy spots of rain. 'Guess that settles it. Got to pluck the mandrake.' Before she could change her mind, Ginny pushed open the heavy dark oak door, yielding to her with barely a squeak. Today really was a day of firsts. In her moments of doubts, Ginny had pictured something more out of dark wizards dungeon, all cruel and wicked objects along the wall, illuminated by dark, eerie flickering light. But what she saw couldn't be anything further from that. It was largely empty, only a few patrons cloaked like her despite the flickering fire that framed the centre of the room brought with it a homely touch, surely a great thing on a day like this. Welcoming and familiar. But not as much as the dreamy, almost ethereal voice that greeted her. 'So..she comes at last. At the early night.' Ginny took a second to work out the voice meant her. And she tried not to show how put out she felt as she replied. 'I'm sorry?' 'I read the omens, my child. A new face will pass these doors. Framed by fire as brave as her heart. Fire not doused by high water.' 'Really, Madam Trelawney, do you like unnerving everyone who walks through these doors.' A white haired girl who stepped out from a room behind the low dark wood bar retorted in a dreamy voice, most likely the same age as Ginny. 'These are our paying customers.' 'I am not one to contain the fates and their path, sweet Luna.' Madam Trelawney toyed with her glasses. 'I only read them. And I read that this one wants a Fire Whiskey. To drive the cold from her bones.' 'I'm not sure about the first. But I'll take the second.' Ginny said, masking the hesitation she felt. It was hardly like she could say she wanted ButterBeer. And she didn't know of any other drink to ask for. She moved to the end of the bar, grateful the place was mostly empty. She caught the gaze of a young woman about her age, framed by the flickering fire light. Light that played along her sleek chestnut locks, catching the facets of light deep within, highlighting the softer shades mixed with deep rich almost chocolatey sweet richness that made Ginny's mouth water. But not as much as her outfit. At first glance, the soft grey woollen jumper that brushed against the pleated skirt that hung pleasingly around her waist might have given the impression of a demure school girl, something the knee high stockings did nothing to dispel. But beneath that, there was something about the way she carried it off that made her seem anything but. Maybe it was the knowing, almost sultry look that burned into Ginny as those eyes followed her across the room, not just that she was seeing through her clothes but right done to her soul. It wasn't that the attention made Ginny feel uncomfortable, uncertain yes, but not uncomfortable. Yet there was part of her that said it might be safer to stay clear. Yet Ginny didn't want safe right now, taking a seat a couple away from the alluring brunette with what she hoped was a causal air. Her drink sat untouched on the bar, Ginny trying to make it look like she was savouring it rather than holding off her first taste. 'Well, someone seems a little out of her way here.' The brunette's voice floated towards Ginny over the rim of a glass full of something clear that she was sure wasn't water. 'What makes you say that?' Ginny covered her surprise by taking a sip of her drink, feeling its fire run down her throat with a warmth that spread all through her body. 'Honey, it's written all over your face.' The brunette smirked. Yet it was more a teasing smirk, her eyes dancing with mirth. 'That's okay though. Everyone has to be out of their way sometimes. How else do you find what your way is.' It wasn't a question, but Ginny thought about it anyway. Wasn't that what tonight was about? Taking her own steps to see what she wanted, to push the boundaries a little and make her own choices about what she had once taken as red. 'What about you? Are you out of your way?' The brunette laughed softly, making Ginny's cheeks burn even if she didn't know why. 'Are you always so forward?' 'Let's just say I'm feeling bold.' Ginny took another reassuring sip of her drink, finding the warmth less fiery and more comforting this time. 'You certainly have the right drink for it.' The brunette eyed her glass. 'Madam Trelawney certainly knows her Firewhiskey. That certainly isn't something you can pick up in the Leaky Cauldron. No matter how nicely you ask. So, is this whole day about being bold? Because..I think it is.' Ginny was starting to like her. She didn't know if it was because she seemed to know her so well, almost intimately. Or because she was, as much as she was working this out, her type. 'Maybe it is.' Ginny smiled. 'Maybe it is. Have you ever had a moment where you started to question something's about your life? Cause I think that's where I am. As early as I can remember, I was told to stay on the right side of the line. My mother liked to use the phrase toe the line. Not just with me, with all my siblings. Some of them did. Alright, maybe they didn't do exactly what my parents wanted. But they stayed on the line. Some others..didn't, almost to the point they very nearly stepped over it. But me..' 'You don't know where you stand.' It was another of those pointed phrases she was coming to expect from the brunette, and wasn't that completely odd. 'Yes. And..to do that, I think I need to see the line for myself.' Ginny replied. 'And you think that line is here?' She asked. 'I guess that's what a good little witch would think.' 'I'm not sure I know what you mean.' Ginny said ignoring the lurch in her stomach. 'And who said good.' 'It's another thing written on your face.' The brunette laughed again. 'You think I can't see that? But that's okay. And what I mean is, this line of yours, it's not here. It's not one place. Yes, we might be seen as the 'wrong side of the tracks' as some would put it. But you think there aren't bad people on your side of the tracks too? The line, it's where someone draws it. Now, some people draw it in one place, and that's it. No ifs, ands, or buts. Others see that this line, it can be drawn in many places and..' 'And each time, you have to decide which side you want to stand on. Or how close to it.' Ginny finished for her. 'It can't just be as cut and dry as that.' 'I knew I could see something dark in you.' The brunette replied. 'I don't mean that to scare you. I see dark in everyone. And light too. The thing is, most people push down on one or the other. To try and deny it. Not you. 'You sure know a lot about me.' Ginny said. 'And I don't even know your name.' 'Could say the same.' She laughed. 'But I'll bite. I'm Hermione.' 'Hermione.' Ginny rolled that around her tongue. 'I'm Ginny.' 'Ginny. Now that has to be short for something. Still, easier to say than Hermione.' Hermione added. 'Doesn't seem that hard.' Ginny replied. 'Hermione. See. Easy.' 'Certainly have it down better than some I've heard. Take this Bulgarian yesterday. Nice enough in his own way. Even for a Quidditch Player. But he really struggled with it.' 'You must come here a lot then.' Ginny pressed. 'Almost a regular.' 'I wouldn't exactly say that.' Hermione replied. 'I'm not so much a regular, more someone who works here.' 'I can't exactly see you serving drinks and waiting tables.' Ginny said carefully. 'Well, you would be right.' Hermione smiled knowingly. 'I more..make the clients..welcome. The special ones anyway.' Ginny had a feeling that there was more to that than on the surface. And it took her a second to work out exactly what that was. Ginny instantly felt her face heat up. 'And..I am one of the special ones? Can't think why else you'd be talking to me.' 'Couldn't it just be because I want too.' Hermione replied. 'You said you came here looking for something. Maybe you found it.' 'And..you know what I should do about it?' Ginny pressed. 'Maybe I do.' Hermione swirled her drink. 'Maybe I could show it too you.' Ginny had a feeling what that meant. But before she could press her on that, Hermione continued without missing a beat. 'Hogwarts. Right? Bet the girls are all over you there. Am I right?' 'Not as much as I might like.' Ginny blushed, feeling that she was somehow speaking outside her bounds, almost pushing this story too far. Yet what choice did she have.