A/N : So I've ran a similar story like this in the Assassin's Creed archives, however I found myself thinking more and more about this after seeing the Hobbit. After running it by my ex and bouncing it a few times, I decided I'd whip it out and give it a go. I put up these stories to tell them after all. So needless to say, here we are. Because that's how I roll. Now I'm not a Lord of the Rings fanatic (getting there though), but I am gonna give this my all with a bit of work and research in the process… so. Also forgive my narrating method for the moment. It will change, but for now I needed this as is for exposition. Disclaimer: I do not own Any of the creations of J.R.R Tolkien, I'm instead using the world he created for a story in my head that I've decided to tell. I am making no money out of this, and am here for only entertainment value. My ownership lies on the main protagonists. Don Giovanni The moon lay high above the sky, as its light shined down upon the sleeping inhabits of Edinburgh, Scotland. The shops were shut down and dark, the people were tucked safe inside their beds, and the tourists and visitors were enjoying a night's walk, or finding themselves comfortable in their hotel rooms. "Ew. That's What He Wears To Bed?! Ah've met bigger blokes that tried to show less with more clothes!" "That doesn't even make sense Des." Well…. Most of the tourists and visitors were tucked in their hotel rooms. "Who cares if it doesn't make sense? The sheila's right! That bloke barely covers himself and my god, is he hidin' a squirrel in that thing? It's like a hammock fer a snake, not a proper pair of underwear. My god!" "Oh, because the Australian playboy would know about hammocks for snakes." "Nah Miles, I've bedded Jackson, an' he's got nothin' te be ashamed of. Nae te mention he looks good with his trousers off.." "I didn't need to hear that…" "Ah c'mon an' be a good sport Miles, the sheila likes me in the sack, maybe with a try you could too!" "You're gonna make me throw up you bisexual bastard." "C'mon Miles, a wee bit of homophobia, even if et's just a wee bit, will nae be tolerated on this mission." "Shut up Des." Now this rowdy bunch despite their playful banter and obvious vulgar conversation, were of course not part of the usual visitors of Edinburgh. They were of a peculiar sort, whose business was pleasure and whose pleasure was very much none of anyone's concern. Or at least, should they be asked such that would be their reply. One of them is a woman, who lay across the roof that lay parallel to an apartment complex, her fingerless gloved hand holding a pair of binoculars that she pressed to her eyes. Emerald green eyes shining behind the lenses as she watched a man that laid below them on a further floor on the aforementioned neighboring building. Her pink lips pulled into a frown while her fair skin was dotted with freckles along her cheekbones and shoulders. Curly copper colored hair fell in a waterfall down her back, and distractedly she shoved a few curls behind her ear, revealing a piercing of a small green stud in her left lobe, but lacking in her right. A low growl flowed from her as she continued to spy at the man. Using her free hand to adjust the black jacket that laid over her shoulders, leather, she then grunted out, "Clearly it's just for the money… Ugliest second target ah've ever see though lads, ah'm tellin' ya." "Well then stop lookin' at him!" A man that stood back snapped, his arms crossed with a scowl on his face that tilted his pouted lips down towards his blonde stubble covered strong jaw that was wrapped in sun kissed golden skin, glared at the pair. He donned a trench coat that waved gently in the wind, "You too Jackson, or are you admiring him from afar like Des is?" His bright blue eyes narrowed on the third of their compatriots who was staring through the sight of a long barreled sniper rifle. Miles Derbin's hair was covered from its military issued buzz cut by a black skullcap. The bits of sunshine that were his bangs peaking shifted gently in the fall evening breeze as his gloved fingers came to warm his arms while they remained crossed. He stood at a solid 6' 2", the tallest of his compatriots, and was broad with muscle that was toned pleasantly. His legs were covered with tight jeans and his chest held a blue shirt, while military issued steel-toed combat boots were laced tight to his feet. Despite the weight they supplied, moving would be no issue for this man. An obvious American, filled with the wonderful stereotypes to go with it, with the exclusion of the fat part. Alec Jackson glanced up from the sniper rifle and over his shoulder as he lay on the ground, his torso elevated as her rested on his elbows in order to aim appropriately over the roof's ledge and towards the object of their spectating. The lazy wasn't excluded from Miles because it was the fifth time Alec worked with Miles, and he knew for a fact that Miles never moved his ass until the heat was on high and the burner on the oven was a raging inferno, if you would ever catch his drift, which no one usually ever did. He was bestowed brown hair that was always messily windswept accompanied by soft brown eyes gave him an almost endearing look in comparison to his surfer-esc and leprechaun likeness holding companions. His body donned a grey windbreaker and a white t-shirt; no doubt it would have dirt marks on it later from this venture. He much like the other two wore jeans, yet on his feet, such as his female companion, he donned sneakers. He stood at 5' 11", and his form was lithe, perfect for running or scouting ahead. The fact he had 20/20 vision and the speed to retreat quickly on foot gave him the position of sniper. The fact he had an Australian accent that made the ladies toes curl and a bed side manner that could even seduce someone's grandmother, mother, and daughter at the same time, and perhaps the brother as well if he was lucky, got him the title of 'everyone's man.' Alec himself was never picky, but as he would also say, he always used protection. Desiree Jessie Kane was the only one who truly felt all right in the weather however, though in Scotland her accent alone had to undergo subtle shifts to blend with the Scots, rather than her native Irish ways. An eye for detail and a knowhow of body language gave her the position of caller. She would name the conditions, call for adjustment in sight for Jackson, and give the when to 'fire!' At 5' 7" she stood the shortest out of the lot, but possibly the fiercest of tempers, as it was Alec's fourth time working with her, and Miles's eighth. Miles own experience landed him the most boring job in the world, that of making sure everyone else did his or her own jobs. Filled with long hours and frantic dependence on other agents as Des enjoyed calling them, he though it was clearly over hyped. Perhaps he would be set with a job on the next go about that was more to his preference however. He had a fancy for piano wire and black gloves, as opposed to the long distance kills as they were doing now. Desiree's own speculations on Miles's enticements and methods in their profession made her rather sure that Miles's personality was far too sadistic for anyone's personal preference in searching for a partner, particularly that of which concerned bedroom manners, and was perhaps a reason amongst many why she had not been with him yet. But that is neither important, nor relevant at this current time, so let us move on to the important matter at hand. Three bored assassins that were waiting for the correct moment in time, to kill a single target. Now why three? You may find yourself asking. Why three indeed, the number three assists with a simple method of saving each other's ass. Should two people be put down, one may still fight, and if one is injured, there are two people to stand in the way. A methodical thought process of their betters called them together for a single hit. "I still don't see why the hell they thought it'd be good for us all to be here…" Miles growled out, shifting from foot to foot, he was cold, and being higher up off the ground didn't assist with his attempts at warming up, "One of us could have done the job just fine." While the other two silently acknowledged this thought, all three already knew the prices of questioning their betters. In the chain of command, they were just three pieces to a very large puzzle. "Because they're pompous twats tha' want us te wipe each other's asses, tha's why lad." None of which they gave much of a damn about, much less the only female of the group. None of them could say that they generally appreciated their accomplices at this time. Though through a path forged together of blood, trust building exercises, and a few pints of good beer, they had found at least a likeness for the company each of them provided. In the future though, this likeness would grow to appreciation. For now though, they just had to deal with the fact that while they hated having to work together for a single menial task, they at least liked each other. "…Ah feel like we're in a movie." Des finally stated after a long pause of silence from her former reply to Miles's question. "Ya know, some idiot narrator introduces us, an' we speak o' somethin' stupid like that. Ye think maybe the agency set up cameras? Maybe they're filimin' us right now…" "We're about to kill some bloke an' yer wondering if we're bein' filled by some bloomin' camera? What idiot would wanna film somethin' like this Jess?" Desiree looked down towards Alec as he looked at her from the corner of his eye, he then looked up towards the black sky giving a nod of his own in agreement, "…Well, it's not a bad thought. I wonder who they would get to play me." "Chris Hemsworth or Hugh Jackman." Miles entertained from behind them, sitting on the cold ground and letting his knees come to his chest as he rested his elbows on him, "Or better yet, they'd get an American actor for you Jackson." A scoff came from the Australian. "Jackman's too short, and I'm not blonde mate." Alec retorted wagging a finger beside the trigger of the rifle, "They'd have to slap a wig on ol' Chris." "Maybe his brother, Liam. He's got brown hair." Des murmured looking back down through the binoculars. "And he's an aussie too." "Alright, then who would get you then Jess?" Alec questioned now looking back from Miles towards his female partner, "What 'wee lass,'" He mocked with a minor Irish tilt, "Would get the mighty Jessie Kane?" "Desiree Jessie Kane to you." She corrected with a glower before then looking out, "…Who knows. None of ye American or Australian kids could pull me off. Ye'd need an Irish woman or dare I say a Scott… an' one that's-" "Well, then I guess we can't have a movie." Miles joked cutting her off, "Des's only able to be played by herself, and I bet she can't run lines to save her life. So who would get