(Hello I am Utoris and I have adopted this story form TheGooseMaster who I highly recommened you check out the first 12 chapters are his masterpeace and after that I will be typeing the chapters so they may be a little shorter but I will make this my main priority so i hope you enjoy) EDIT- The authors note at the end of this one was deleted thanks to all who told me Prince of Night Chapter 1 The Fallen Hero Night, endless night loomed, surrounding the Earth, the night and darkness so thick it kept the moon and stars from shining down upon the Earth. The light and warmth from the sun wasn't visible from the ground below. Instead, the night was filled with cool air, sending shivers through the spines of immortals and mortals as they wondered what happened. Human power and light faltered, electricity no longer worked and the world was in complete midnight black darkness. The only light was a golden glow in the sky invisible to all mortals except the demigod children of Greece and Rome. In the sky an immortal city loomed in the darkness. The city of all gods that were apart of the Greek and Roman pantheon's. The palace of Mount Olympus. The city, usually bumming with noise and happiness from the immortals that bustled around the palace was now filled with a deep dark gloom in the light of the halls. The immortal's of the city, instead of partying like they usually do, they were whispering quietly and nervously among themselves about the meeting that was taking place in the throne room. They were given strict orders from Zeus, the King of the gods. They were to stay away from the throne room, and the meeting was one of the most important in the history of the gods. Which of course filled them with worry. Once the council of the gods commenced the darkness surrounded the world. The Olympians were oblivious to this because of the meeting, but in fear of Zeus' wrath they dared to not interrupt. If they did harsh punishment would be upon them. The gloom and darkness that radiated in Olympus and spread throughout the world matched only three times in the gods history before. The first time Olympus was like this was before the defeat of the Titans in the first war when Kronos was in rule of Earth, the gods had been losing and were in a dark mood as they waited for their defeat against the horrible Titan's. The second time Olympus was silent and shaking in fear was during the second Titan war. The gods were failing to fight Typhon and Kronos and his allies were storming Mount Olympus and were trying to destroy Olympus and take over the world once more. Only the hope that radiated from Hestia and the powerful leader of the demigods kept Olympus from losing hope and falling to the Titan army. The third time Olympus was shrouded in darkness was during the second giant war. As the giants and their mother, Gaea, Primordial of the Earth was in the process of destroying the original home of Olympus only one kept Olympus and the world from falling, the same leader of the demigods during the Titan war. Hestia and the man defeated half the giants together. He himself defeated the Primordial goddess of the Earth alone. But no one knew the reason Olympus was in such a bad mood, except the Olympians themselves and one minor goddess. Nemesis, goddess of revenge and retribution and daughter of Night listened in on the Olympian council meeting with no fear. The news contents of the meeting being immediately sent to her mother. The only thing her eyes and face showed was anger. The balance of the scales were no longer level. The scales were now on the side of dark and evil instead in the middle of good and evil. And the cause of the unbalance and evil was the Olympians themselves. The Olympians were tipping the scales, Nemesis smirked, the gods good luck and their belief they were unstoppable was now to much good luck for them, and when there was to much good luck, retribution would strike and Nemesis would strike those people down. In the contents of the throne room, fourteen huge thrones jutted out of the ground. Atop the thrones a super powerful being sat. On each throne was a different Olympian. In the middle of the fourteen were Zeus, lord of the skies and Hera, goddess of the heavens. The King and Queen of Olympus. To the right of Zeus was Hades, the lord of the Underworld, then Poseidon, the god of the seas, Apollo, god of the sun, archery, truth and music, Hephaestus, god of the forges and fire, Ares, the god of war, Hermes, god of messengers and travelers and lastly Dionysus, the god of wine. On the left side of Hera was the eldest of the gods, Hestia, goddess of the hearth, family and fire, then Demeter, the goddess of agriculture and nature, Aphrodite, the goddess of love, Artemis, goddess of the moon, hunt, and archery, and lastly Athena, the goddess of wisdom and battle strategy. The fourteen looked towards the middle of the throne room. A mix of different emotions on some of the gods and goddesses faces. Many of the Olympians were glaring down at the middle of the room in a mixture of anger and disgust. The others had no idea what they should do. The only Olympian looking down with sadness evident on her face was Hestia. Golden tears fell from her fiery red eyes as her face was filled with sadness. Her heart was clenched and she was unable to look at the center of the throne room. Her eyes also filled with disgust and anger as she looked at the rest of his family, most prominently Zeus and her other brothers. In the middle of the throne room, chained to the pure white marble floor was a lone demigod. The chains shook under the force as he tried to escape his powerful bonds. But the chains, a swirl of three different metals, celestial bronze, the metal of Greece, imperial gold, the metal of Rome, and Stygian iron, the metal of the Underworld kept him from escaping. The three metals symbolized the uniting of Greece and Rome that the two were now at eternal peace and would never fight again. Intertwining with the Stygian iron showed that the Underworld and it's children were no longer outcasts of Greece and Rome and they would all live in harmony. The Stygian iron slowly draining his life force and energy as he struggled, his face red from exhaustion as sweat lolled down his face. Suddenly he stopped. The demigod looked at the floor. His raven black hair hanging over his eyes as he glared at the floor. His once tan face now pale like the Lord of the Dead, Hades. He wore tattered dark blue jeans and a destroyed orange t shirt that only hung on to his body by a thread. The young demigod looked up at the King of the gods. His sea green eyes pulsating with light and power. The most shocking to the Olympians was his face was void of emotion. The sea green eyes that not a second ago were filled with anger, hatred and betrayal were now empty, just sea green light that swirled around in a powerful show of light. His lips were set in a straight line and seemed to be even quirking towards a smile. The Olympians started to whisper among themselves in worry and fear towards the demigod before them. Zeus' electric blue eyes full of rage and anger towards the demigod in front of him shifted to rage towards his family for the outbursts. He growled in frustration and stood from his throne. His head shaking in rage. In his right hand his symbol of power and the most powerful weapon in creation appeared in it. The master bolt. Raising the bolt high to the sky lightning arced through the complete darkness barely able to keep light sustaining outside. Zeus then slammed the bolt into the ground. An explosion of power and light enveloped the room. When the blast stopped the Olympians looked at the enraged Zeus and immediately grew quiet. In the center about ten feet in front of the chained demigod, a perfect circle around five feet diameter was now in the place of where the master bolt struck down. The Olympians looked at the hole with curiosity and confusion. Only Zeus knew where the whole led out of all them. His face was quirked in a giant smirk. The only other who knew what it was, was the demigod. He immediately filled with dread and his heart felt like stone. The tunnel led to the place he never wished to go again. A place he prayed to the fates and the gods that he wouldn't have to go ever again. Tartarus. The hole led to the pit. A place where only three demigods ever came out alive. All of which just barely made it. Nico Di Angelo, Perseus Jackson and Annabeth Chase. Now one would return. The tunnel was radiating darkness and evil. Power and darkness pulsating from the hole. The gods paled as they felt the evil come from the hole. Suddenly the power faltered and vanished from the throne room. Zeus growled. "Perseus Jackson." He sneered, looking down on the demigod before him. "For traitorous attacks and heinous crimes against Mount Olympus and the demigods of both Camp Jupiter and Camp Half Blood you have been brought forth in front of the mighty Olympian council to hear for your crimes and be judged for punishment. Daughter, Athena would you like to start?" He asked. Athena nodded. Percy looked straight at the grey orbs of power than emanated from the goddess of wisdom and battle strategy. She shifted uneasily from Percy's emotionless stare. Before she cleared her throat loudly and began. "Perseus Jackson son of Poseidon. You have been brought here to answer for your crimes. You've been a traitor all along. Working for Gaea secretly and waiting to help her destroy Olympus. Had it not been for my daughter and the other seven he would've succeeded and Olympus would be in ruins. During the final battle of the war with Gaea, we all thought he was a hero but in reality, when he realized they would lose Perseus switched sides and destroyed his own master to try and save his skin." She finished, her grey eyes and face full of anger and disgust at the demigod before her. Percy instead of denying like everyone thought he would just stared into Athena's eyes. A soft voice lulling in his head. Perseus Jackson, the gods fear you, they wish to throw you in Tartarus, and you cannot change that, when you land in the pit go to the Mansion of Night and I will help you, I swear by Chaos that I will help you Perseus Jackson and give you the life you rightfully deserve, however it will not come immediately. Choose, wander Tartarus forever or find me and earn the life you deserve. It is your choice. Percy smiled at Athena, showing completely white teeth, shock overcame everyone's face as they looked at the demigod with wide eyes. "Your right Athena." He said, his voice completely without emotion. Gasps came from everyone's mouths. "I worked with Gaea. I wished to see Olympus fall for what they have done to other's no more was I to stand by and watch you cowards get away with your crimes, I will return and you will only survive if you change your ways." They all growled at him. Except Hestia, Apollo and Hermes. "Council, who believes he is innocent?" Zeus asked, a hint of warning in his voice. Immediately Hestia,