Hi. Dragonfyre here. For those familiar with me, I have been writing the story 'A Dragon's Destiny' since April. I became interested deeply in many parts of the Lore of Arda during that story. This is a 'Girl falls into ME' story. It is NOT, however, anything like I've seen before. Call me biased…but give me the chance to get to chapter two before you cast judgment. :) I do my best not to make anyone a Mary Sue. I try not to make people super heroes, or give them exorbitant amounts of talent. Everybody is good and bad at something. Some people have multiple talents. I will endeavor to draw a balance. I am excited to start this new story, and am a little nervous to be working on this one and still working on A Dragon's Destiny at the same time. I will probably alternate updating when I catch up to where I have written with this story. Chapter 1 – A Dream is a Wish Your Heart Makes Cerena Michaels had never been one of those people that stood out in a crowd. She was quiet in public, a productive member of society with no penchant for secret troubles. She had been a decent student, a reliable co-worker, and an all-around good person. She disliked hubbub and hustle, which was why she lived in a small house in the country she had inherited from her grandmother upon her passing. She had her books and her music, and that was quite enough for her. She rather liked to compare herself to Bilbo Baggins in a way. Well, before that whole fiasco with the dragon, anyway. She couldn't say that she would have followed after Gandalf and the Dwarf Company. Or perhaps she was more like Harry Potter; meek and subservient to a fault, allowing people to walk all over her and use her for their own gain. Hmm...no...she wasn't a wizard, nor did she have a Dark Lord after her blood, thank you very much. Well, whoever she most resembled was no matter. What did matter was the storm that had just started blowing in outside, making her drive back into the country seem unbearable. She did not like storms. They were noisy, and messy, and they made her yard unkempt and sometimes kept her up at night. "See you tomorrow, Tom!" she called to the back of the store. She worked in a mom and pop general store in their small town. She did not like the hustle of city life, having lived in a medium-sized city growing up. She preferred the quiet boisterousness of this town, and then the solitude of her cottage house. "Drive careful, Cerena!" Came the muffled reply. Tom was probably going through inventory again. Cerena didn't consider herself a great beauty, but she was no beast, either. She was of mixed ethnicity, dark-skinned with more curves than a country road. She blamed her mother for her coke-bottle curves. And for her thick, kinky hair. Her mother had been a wild-spirited, proud black woman. Her father was a mild-mannered accountant, white as a driven snow. She was never quite sure how they had fallen in love, but fallen they had. She was the result of their union, their only child. She felt like she got her mother's assets and her father's attitude. It was a strange, discomfiting mix for her. She usually wore her cloud of curly hair braided back to the base of her skull and then pulled into a fluffy ponytail. It was easy to maintain and simple to do. Her eyes were plain and brown, her eyebrows thick and arched like her mother's. Her one secret pride was her lips. She had gotten her father's arched upper lip, and her mother's full bottom lip, creating a permanently sensual smile that was definitely her best feature. The moisture in the air didn't help her hair sit flat as she walked briskly to her sensible sedan, hoping not to encounter the rain. Her relief was palpable when she shut the door with a thud, pushing the key into the ignition and firing up the car. " Little town, such a quiet village. Every day like the one before... " she sang quietly to herself as she backed out of her parking spot. The rain started as she pulled out of the town limits, starting her twenty minute drive home. She didn't normally listen to the radio on her drive home, preferring the silence, but the sound of the rain was distracting, so she decided to turn on some kind of music. She pressed the button on her radio, waiting for the sound of the static. Nothing. Making a soft noise of annoyance, she glanced down, pushing the button harder. She was disappointed again. It happened so quickly. She glanced back up to the road, abandoning her radio. One moment the road was clear, and the next he appeared as if from nowhere. She screamed, turned the wheel and slammed on the brakes, but she still managed to clip him with her left headlight. Her car swerved and came to a stop, and for a long moment she could not breathe, holding onto the wheel so tightly her knuckles were pale. She turned off the car, threw open her door and scrambled out. He was lying on his back on the grass, having been knocked down by the force of her car. With a cry she fell to her knees next to him, tears mixing with the rain. He was breathing, but he was clutching his side. He was an older man, dressed in dark grey robes. Christ, had she hit a priest or monk? He had a long white beard, bound in the middle with a piece of beaded twine. His hair was long, iron grey and thick. His grey eyebrows were bushy and drawn into a grimace. "Can you hear me, sir?" she asked. He opened his eyes, and she was struck with how beautifully blue they were. "I'm so sorry. I didn't see you. Do you need me to drive you to a hospital?" she asked. He grimaced. "Nay, nay, child. I have certainly been hurt worse, though I don't seem to be able to recall any of the situations right now," he said, giving her a small smile. She sighed in relief that he seemed okay. Perhaps since she had just clipped him he was not seriously hurt. "Is there someone I can call for you? Are you sure you don't need a hospital?" she asked. "I am but a wanderer, my dear. No anchor anywhere. I need no healer," he said, sitting up slowly. He was holding his chest still, his face twisted again into a frown. A wanderer? A hippie, maybe? He appeared to only have a worn leather pack with him, so perhaps she was correct. "Then at least let me tend to you for the night," she blurted. She would never understand where that had come from, or what possessed her to say it, but she would admit it was comforting to see the relief in the blue eyes of the old man. "Now that I will not turn down," he murmured. She helped him to his feet, holding his arm as she led him to her car. "Where is the horse for your carriage?" he asked. She paused, looking at him in concern. "A...are you okay?" she asked. He looked at her with those unnerving blue eyes, and then laughed aloud. "Forgive me. I am only feeling a bit groggy. I was tired, you see. It was why I didn't see you coming," he demurred. She looked at him with a concerned gaze for a few more moments before accepting his excuse. She opened the door of the car for him, helping him sit down. She didn't bother with the seat belt, because there were no cops out here. They stayed close to the town, anyway. "Oh, my dear, my staff has fallen by the road. Could you retrieve it for me?" he asked. She nodded, walking quickly to where he had fallen. The staff was lying in the grass, abandoned when he fell. She picked it up, noting how warm it felt in her hands. Then she noticed a lump of wet grey cloth. She picked it up, noticing it was a hat. A pointy hat. She was suddenly feeling much less okay with driving a stranger to her house in the middle of nowhere. Apparently she'd picked up a guy dressed as a wizard. Great. The rest of the drive was quiet. He seemed tense for some reason. Perhaps the pain was greater than she thought? She pulled up into the driveway of her little house and saw him admire the little gingerbread cottage. She parked the car, rushing to the passenger's side and opening the door for him. He eased the long staff out of the car, using it instead of her to help him to his feet. He clutched the wet hat in his hand, the staff thumping against her walkway. She opened the door and let him in, shaking raindrops out of her ponytail when she walked into the house. "Do you want a shower, sir?" she asked. "I might have some clean clothes that belonged to my grandfather sitting around somewhere," she added. "I would not turn down a hot bath or a bit of food if the kind lady were amenable," he said, his blue eyes twinkling merrily. "Cerena," she said suddenly. His bushy eyebrows twitched upwards. "My name is Cerena," she added. "A lovely name," he said in his deep, gravelly voice. He seemed to be debating something. "You may call me Olórin," he said. She smiled nervously. "Your parents must have been Tolkien fans," she said weakly. "How so?" he asked. "Well, that was Gandalf's name. His...original name," she said. He stared at her for several moments. "I can't say that I know Tolkien," he said. "I'll just...go find those clothes," she said, backing away and nearly scampering from the room. The blue eyes of the stranger shot about, taking in the strange but cozy sitting room. Books were neatly lined up in several large bookcases, and a piano that had a well-worn bench sitting in front of it. He could hear the girl puttering around in the other room, and the sound of running water. She knew his name, that much was true, but there was something about the way she reacted to it that made him suspicious. Was she a servant of the enemy? The strange, horseless metal carriage she had taken smacked of dark magic, but she did not reek of ill intent. In fact, she seemed very innocent. She returned after several minutes, holding a bundle of clothes. "I found some things that should fit. They're clean, but haven't been worn in a while," she said. He set the staff against the wall, walking stiffly towards her and receiving the bundle. "My heart rejoices in its thanks for you," he said gratefully. She smiled shyly. "The tub is full of hot water, and you're welcome to any of the products there, though I doubt you'll want to smell like peaches," she returned. "Second door on the right is the bathroom." He bowed to her and left the room. She watched as he entered the bathroom, and heard the shuffling of someone fiddling around in the room. She was nervous, this much was true, but she didn't get a bad feeling from this man. He seemed like a harmless old traveler with a penchant for strange clothes and a strange name. Perhaps he enjoyed dressing that way because of his name? Some people just had quirks... She fiddled around in the kitchen as he bathed, making a few hot sandwiches and preparing a bit of lemonade. She didn't much like sodas, and didn't keep them on hand, but she was usually prepared