Disclaimer: I do not own the Harry Potter universe, as much as I wish I did, nor do I own the majority of the character in this story. There will be a few here and there that I make up, but most everything in this story belongs to the lovely JK Rowling. A/N One decision in a single moment can change everything. This is my world if things had happened a little differently, if Draco Malfoy had killed Dumbledore and let the darkness seep into his heart. It was a cool summer night outside The Burrow, quite the opposite of the inside of the house. The hustle and bustle of so many people in such a tight space created so much heat that it was barely tolerable even with cooling charms. Her entire family was staying at The Burrow for the weekend, plus Harry and Hermione of course, something that hadn't happened in a very long time. All of the noise combined with the heat had made it hard to sleep, even at midnight her oldest siblings were still up talking to their parents about the war, so Ginny Weasley decided to take a short walk through the woods in her backyard. She had always loved being in those woods, even now as she matured from a little girl into a 17 year old young woman. Many would say a 17 year old is still a girl, but she hadn't felt like a girl in a long time. The War was taking its toll on her, and it forced her to open her eyes and look at the world as an adult. She'd been to battle. The discomfort in her ankle when the weather changed was a lasting reminder of that. The battle at the Department of Mysteries had only been the first of many. The War was at a stand-still, neither side winning nor losing, as it had been for the past year. Both sides had lost so many now. Every time the Order gained ground, they lost some somewhere else. Although the Death Eater attacks on Muggles, Muggleborns, and blood-traitors had slowed dramatically this past month, the Order knew it was because Voldemort was planning something big, or so she had overheard when listening in on one of the Order's meetings that was held at the Burrow. The twins always made sure she had an extendable ear handy during meetings. Her family's home was one of several meeting places for the Order. Because the home housed Order member's on a regular basis, and the fact that the Weasley family was very high on Voldemort's list of blood-traitors that he wished to get his claws on, the Weasley's land had been highly protected. Ginny didn't know everything that had been done to protect them, but she did know that the land had been made Unplottable, and there were numerous wards in place, such as one that would not allow anyone with a Dark Mark to pass though easily. Special grants were in place to allow Snape in. Ginny realized that she was getting very close to the edges of wards and decided to head back until she heard footsteps. In fact, she heard several footsteps. She turned to face the edge of the wards, and that's when she saw them. There were at least 20 Death Eaters standing behind the barriers that were lighting up as 3 of them were breaking down wards. She looked around frantically for an Order member, fear apparent in her eyes, but there was no one else around. Of course there wasn't, no one else wandered around outside in the middle of the night. She looked back at the Death Eaters just in time to see the leader of the attack step forward, pulling off his hideous mask. Draco Malfoy locked his gaze with hers as his lips curved into his ever-famous smirk. Ginny stood for a moment, looking very much like a deer in headlights, before she snapped out of her shock and ran faster than she ever run in her life. Time was of the essence, every second could make a difference! She had to get back to the house, she had to tell everyone that they were here! It was going to be a bloodbath but if they had a few minutes to prepare then they might be able to survive. Lord Voldemort had sent Draco Malfoy to slaughter her family, and that's what he would do. The Malfoy's had regained their place in Voldemort's inner circle. That place was rightfully had been rightfully earned. She felt her heart pounding and the adrenaline pumping through her veins as she recalled the horror stories she had heard about the younger Malfoy, the same stories everyone had heard. He was considered royalty by Voldemort and they called him the Prince of Darkness, Angel of Death because he was beautiful and merciless. He'd always been gifted, but his private tutelage from the Dark Lord himself had created a monster to be feared. For the past two years, he had lead many raids against those who did not fight for Lord Voldemort. The bodies of those that did not convert were left across the blood soaked battlefield. He took no prisoners. It felt like an eternity had passed since she had started sprinting towards her home. She was completely out of breath when she burst through the front door, making as much noise as she could to wake everyone. Bill, Charlie, and her parents ran out of the kitchen, and Bill grabbed her under the arms as Ginny collapsed on the floor. "Dear God, what happened Ginny? What's wrong?" Bill asked as he carried her to the couch. "Death… Eaters," she panted between breaths, and pointed to the family clock. Every single hand had moved to Mortal Peril. "What? How did they find us?! We're Unplottable!" Molly Weasley yelled. "Calm down Molly," Arthur said. "I need you to go upstairs and wake everyone, tell them that they need to be ready to fight. Get Harry's invisibility cloak." Molly nodded as tears formed in her eye and did as he asked. "Ginny, sweetheart, I need you to tell me how much time we have." "Not much," she was still catching her breath, but she could finally speak. "They were breaking down the wards when I saw them. There is at least 20 of then, and Draco Malfoy is with them, Dad! Draco Malfoy!" If you hadn't been able to spot fear in Arthur's eyes before then, you could now. "Everyone is awake, Arthur," Molly said as she rushed back down the stairs. "They'll be down any second." As if on cue, the rest of the Weasley family, Harry, and Hermione appeared in the stairwell. "Harry, Hermione, Ron, I want you to take Ginny into the broom closet and cover yourselves with the invisibility cloak and we do not have time for protest. Get in the closet and do not come out, no matter what you hear, understand?" "Yes Mr. Weasley," Harry replied. He walked over to the couch and took Ginny's hand. "Come on Gin." Hermione and Ron were already in the closet. The four teenagers settled in as best as they could and covered themselves with the cloak. Arthur adjusted the cloak and triple checked to make sure not a single hair could be seen and then closed the door. "Remember, do not come out no matter what you see or hear. If the worst should happen, wait several hours before you leave the house, stay under the cloak as best as you can, get brooms out of the shed in back and head to Hogwarts. Tell Minerva what happens." Arthur turned to the rest of his family before he spoke again. "Boys, this is our home and we have to do everything that we can to protect it. You all know your places, we've practiced this a hundred times. I'm not going to say that this is going to be easy, or that I know we will win, but I will say that I know we have more heart than a thousand of those bastards and that we are fighting for the right cause. I love you, every single one of you." The Weasley boys stood tall and proud, wands at their sides, as they listened to their father's speech. "Everyone into their places. Now, we wait." Draco Malfoy was getting impatient. The curse-breakers had said it would only take 15 minutes to take down the wards, and it was now past those 15 minutes. Normally, he had no problem with patience, but he had seen her, Ginny Weasley, and he knew that she was somewhere inside that wretched house waiting for him to come. He didn't care if the Weasley's knew they were coming, that they had time to prepare. They could have had years to prepare and they still would not be ready for the havoc that he was going to bring down upon them. They were nothing but dirty blood-traitors and not a single one mattered, except for her. When the Dark Lord had ordered the raid on the Weasley house, demanding that Ginny Weasley be captured and brought back unharmed, Draco had been more than willing to lead the raiding party. Draco had formed a small obsession with the Weasley girl when they were at Hogwarts together. For several years he paid her almost no attention, she had been a speck of red in the endless sea of Hogwarts students, but as she had grown up it became impossible to not notice her. She had blossomed into a beautiful young, pureblood woman. With each generation since the First Wizarding War, when wizarding numbers were decimated, it was more difficult to find a pureblood witch that wasn't closely related and held the standard of beauty expected from a Malfoy. Her wild Weasley red hair had tamed into sleek, dark red tresses, and her scrawny frame had developed into a petite woman's body with curves in all the right places and every straight male in the school had lusted after her. The year that he noticed her was the same year that he had earned the title of Slytherin Sex God because he had bedded every attractive girl in Hogwarts from 5th year and up, Gryffindor's included; everyone single one, except for Ginevra Molly Weasley, and it was not from lack of trying. Draco had done everything he knew to get her in his bed, but he had failed. The challenge had only made her more alluring. He'd been tempted to dose her with a love potion, something the great Draco Malfoy should never need, but he hadn't. He wanted her to choose to lay under him as every other girl had. She would be wet and willing when he finally took her. "Excuse me, Your Highness," the curse breaker, Katon said, pulling Draco out of his dark thoughts. "If you are here talking to me, then you had better be done taking down those wards or the consequences will be dire," Draco replied without looking at the man. "Yes, Your Highness, we just finished. All of the wards have been destroyed. You can take your men in without trouble. I've detected no other signs of wards or traps." "Very good. Take the other curse breakers back to Headquarters and inform the Dark Lord of our progress." Katon nodded and gestured at his 2 men to follow him. "Everyone in formation! I do not care what you do to whomever we find in that disgusting little shack, but no one, and I do mean no one, is to lay a hand or a wand on the young Weasley girl. Do I make myself clear?" A resounding, "Yes Sir!" was their answer. It was still music to his ears, hearing the obedience of so many men, all of whom were his seniors in age. "Now, move in!" Draco led the way towards the