Disclaimer: All recognizable characters, settings or music references are owned by their respective authors or creators. No copyright infringement is intended. I was running late. I flipped my head upside down and turned on my hairdryer. It sounded like I started a jet engine and the setting on it was too high. I tried to turn it to something less than flambé, while I moved it around my frizzing, brunette waves. Just as I was getting lightheaded and remembered I was not a bat, I smelled the distinct smell of burning hair and felt pain. The dryer had started a cumbersome love affair with a couple of stands of my hair and refused to let them go. "Son of an owl!" Begrudgingly, I pulled the traitorous dryer away, and turned it off. "Blasted thing." In order to teach it a lesson, I threw the dryer back in its spot on the counter. It was almost older than I was, but I kept it. Waste not want not. Firmly, I grasped a nearby clip and twisted my hair into it. It hardly kept it contained, but it was passable. My elf ears could feel the invading cold and seemed to grow more pointy. My face puckered at my reflection, but I looked alright enough. It didn't matter if my subconscious disagreed with me because I was still running late. I should have that emblazoned on a jersey or engraved at one of those personalizing coffee mug places. I'm Bella and I'm running late. Get the fuck out of my way. Though, I would never say something like that. I couldn't. For as long as I could remember, I've had a strict "brain to mouth barrier" in place. Most of the things I thought ended up on the cutting room floor before they transformed into spoken words. It was simultaneously a burden and a blessing. I was protected from something ultimately stupid or off-putting coming out of my mouth, but it came with the price of never being able to say exactly what I wanted. I quickly glanced at my watch and grimaced before running my mental morning check list. Teeth? Brushed. Hair? Somewhat managed. Makeup? Half -assed applied Dorky, ill-fitting uniform? On. Name tag? Adjusted. The plastic tiny tag was the only trace of my identity. It had a name I didn't chose and boasted I was from a city I'd only been to a few times. I wished I was actually was from Seattle, like my dad. I was born in Forks, and that's where he left my mom and I when he couldn't take the quiet any more. I started to hear the tiniest violin begin to play in my head, when I remembered that I was still running late. Although, I'd never been late a day. I'd always managed to clock in right on time every day. For three years, I'd been working as a hotel front desk agent. Which, if you wanted to take away the "glamorous" label, meant I was a check-in girl at Hotel One-Eighty. Aptly named, as the hotel was located at 180 West St. I was walking faster than a genetically clumsy person should when I rounded the corner and turned into my bedroom. My near automatic check list was still ticking away in the background of my overcrowded head. Bulky, ugly ass shoes I got on sale. Next to the bed. I grabbed my shoes and awkwardly made it down the steps, and found myself belting out some Kelly. I never really could control it. I sang when I was happy and alone. It was the only time my brain didn't make a conscious effort to edit what came out of my mouth. It was the only time I felt closer to a version of me I kinda liked. When I made it to the bottom of the steps without slipping I was smiling and silently congratulated myself. Although, I nearly swallowed my tongue when my checklist automatically checked off a less than pleasant sight. Jake. Sitting at my dinning table. I was stunned into further muteness, even though I shouldn't have been surprised. It was at least six months since I kicked him out, and I foolishly believed he'd actually heed my weak warning to not come back. I cleared my throat a couple of times to build up the right level of annoyance, and tried to make myself appear taller. However, I was pretty sure that was supposed to intimidate bears. Not morally depraved, socially deviant dogs. He had a mug and took a drink, appraising me. I mentally launched into a chorus of Mr. Know It All. "What the french toast are you doing here?" "Good morning, Ada M." That nickname. I hated it even when we were dating. I'd gown to despise it since the most recent breakup. I was hardly mute and looked nothing like Holly Hunter. Never mind my limited pianist skills and my "mind's voice" was slightly more judgmental and aggravated. That better not be my mocha, Asshat! "How did you get in? What are you doing here?" "You are so predictable, Ada. The key is still in the same plastic rock." he tapped the rock on the table. "I came to see how you were. It's been a while since you threw me out over what's-her-face." Who still uses those damn things? You should have keestered that key! "I'm fine, as you can see. Go away." I felt flustered being near him, his eyes devouring me a little bit at a time. He was seeing how long I could keep up my resistance. Fuck you! Go fuck your mother! And on your way there, I hope you get ass-tapped by every prison reject! You fuck-faced jizz-mop! "Ada, we always do this. I get bored, I go looking somewhere else, you catch me," he summarized. "Then you realize no one else will touch you and you let me fuck you again until I get bored. It's a great cycle." I frowned and turned away, trying to hide my embarrassment from his dismissive and shameful description of our ridiculous relationship. Since we were freshman in college, our cycle had repeated infinitely. Because I never could hold on to enough Pink Power Ranger power to tell him to go away indefinitely. Susan B. Anthony would be scowling at me and tsking. Jake interrupted the silent imagery of me burning my bra. "So we're back to the me fucking you senseless phase. Can we get started? I have an job interview in a couple hours." This surprised me. "Like a real job?" "No. I don't have to work. Remember? Trust funds before punch cards." As if he didn't constantly remind me. The bastard had a tech tycoon for a father and only went to college in order to get access to his funds. I on the other hand, had to bust my ass and look under my roommate's couch cushions for spare change to get my pretzel fix from Auntie Anne's when I was in college. A lot of good it did me considering the prestigious career I managed to land myself in. Let it never be said an English lit major is profitable, because I've got a truck-ton of student loans which beg to differ. My liberal tendencies have sentenced me to two decades filled with cheap pizza and bare-bones health care. "Well, I don't have a trust fund and actually have to work." My no-no places noticed that he was somehow more ripped than the last time I broke up with him. Susan was wagging her finger at me and shaking her head in disgust. "In fact, my whole day is booked. I have a date tonight." Okay. It was a huge lie. I only had a date with Uncle Ben's and Orville Reddenbacher's, but he did not need to know that. I knew he was on to me before my sentence even ended. I had no flare for lying and my assertion came out as a whisper. "Papa John's and Ben and Jerry's threesome?" "No." I let out a huff and reached for my travel mug with the kitty on it. His expression softened as he moved towards me. "Let's face it, Bella. I'm doing you a favor. The nerdy girl in glasses who's hot underneath all the nerd only exists in the movies. Librarians are not sex symbols." You arrogant ,fucktard! Don't talk to me like that! This is my goddamn house! Get the fuck out and take that fledgling finger you call a dick with you! He was right to some degree. I knew I wasn't the most attractive girl on the block. My crooked nose and dull brown eyes did not say, "C ome get some, b ig daddy. " They mostly mumbled, " I'm not too bad if you have a few beers in you. " "I don't need pity sex, Jake." He started rummaging around in my pantry. "Ugly girls need love, too. I'm doing a community service." Oh pity dick this, you delusional three minute man! "I stand by what I said. Besides, I'm not in the mood." He glanced at me quizzically, as if he couldn't believe what I was saying. "You know how many women want to fuck me on any given day?" Y our left and right hand must bitch fight pretty well over that Vienna sausage. Better YouTube that shit. I was minutely proud of myself I was able to fluster him. "I don't really care, Jake. Bestow your charity upon someone else. I can get some all by myself." I wasn't entirely sure this the case, because I had only ever been with him. I had the self esteem roughly the size of a quarter. I didn't want to have it shot down to the size of a dime when I was rejected. Jake started to become aggravated by my refusal. His hand gestured to me. "You think so, Ada? That uniform just screams 'fuck me,' and the glasses? Best seller at the nursing home two years running." He tapped my glasses with two fingers and let out exasperated breath. These are Jimmy Choo frames you uncultured, limp-dicked, nerfhearder! I swallowed and looked down. "I could get someone to...do me...if I really wanted to." " Do you?" he laughed. "That twelve year old way of putting things is really alluring there, Grandma." Lick the left side of my nuts you greedy little ass varmint! I looked up from the floor momentarily, feeling slightly emboldened by the screaming voice inside my head. "I can almost...guarantee it." I had guys hitting on me all day at the hotel. I knew it was so they could get free stuff, but it wasn't unwelcome. Even if they weren't serious. Maybe I could manipulate one of them into saying that we had sex. Or at least post it on Facebook. Because then it would be official. He took a step back. "You're gonna get laid tonight, Ada M? Is your jungle bush and cheese grater legs coming along for the ride?" He was always pointing out my flaws and making me feel my self worth had the value of an arcade token rather than the whole quarter I desperately tried to hold on to. You can bet the sweet side of your scrotum on it, Captain Syphilis! I was so frustrated I made a noise I didn't recognize as my own. It sounded like mouse who was perplexed by a crossword puzzle, but to me it seemed loud in my tiny kitchen. "For your information, my no-no places have taken a trip to Brazil and they brought my legs along too! Now, please leave." I pointed towards the door. He held up his hands with a chuckle. "Okay, whatever you say, Ada. I'll come back around tonight after your date ." He left the door slightly ajar when he left. I poked my head out to make sure he