Okay, so, this is a repost of a story that I started a while ago. I was broken hearted that I could not finish it. But now I have a second chance and a wonderful beta, MoMo16, to make sure I stay on task. So thanks Momo, love you lots. This chapter is dedicated to you. One Angela: Another mundane day in the life of Angela Weber. You would think that seeing as it's my senior year I would be more exciting or something, but, living in Forks the most excitement I could hope for is if the diner offered a new dessert choice. Just five more months and I can get out of this Podunk little town and finally start living. I am supposed to be starting UW in the fall but I just don't think I can bring myself to do that right now; I have no desire to spend another four years in another class room. I need a break, maybe explore the world? My parents would never agree of course but what could I expect from a Preacher and his wife? They wanted their little girl safe and sound in some all girls dorm getting a good education and waiting until I am married to discover that there is more to life then studying. It's kind of a contradiction really. If I wait 'til I'm married then how the hell am I suppose to meet the person I am suppose to marry. Oh yeah, they got that avenue covered as well. They have my future husband all picked out, so the day I turn twenty one they can just start planning the wedding. Never mind the fact that he is as boring as drying paint and I'm not even a little bit attracted to him. No, that isn't important. What is important is that he is following in my father's footsteps and will probably lead the church with my father when he is done with Seminary school. That's why this wedding is on hold because he has to finish his own education as well. Well I had news for my parents. I had no intention of being Mrs. Daniel Stergess and going away to UW in the fall. I have saved up quite a bit of money working at the library in Port Angeles for the last two years behind my parents back. It wasn't hard. My parents loved the fact that I was so studious and had no problem lending me the car so I could drive to the library four days a week and on the weekends, it was just a matter of taking a cab there while my parents were out. I took my twin brothers with me on Saturdays and sat them in the children's section for five hours and I was fine. My plan was set, the school schedule was all prepared, so when they drop me off with my two suitcases on UW campus I could play it off as enjoying the college scenery until they left, then I planned to march right up to registration Monday morning and dis-enroll myself. I would lose my scholarship and financial benefits; however, I really didn't care at the moment. I would figure out how to pay for school later, besides there is always financial aid. Anyway, that is another problem for another day. I planned to leave a letter in my room for my parents to find after I am gone. By the time they discover it, I will be on the plane to Italy, my first stop in world travel. I know that after this little stunt I can never return home and I had no plans too, which is why I had to plan this very meticulously. There is enough money to backpack it for one year then after that I will be settling down back in Seattle, I don't want to go too far away to live in hopes my relationship with my parents is salvageable. The Reverend and his missus, will be crushed and I hate doing that to them. Despite all that is going on I do love my parents but I just can't live by their rules anymore. Honestly, I can say that I will miss my brothers, Jonathan and Jamie. I love those two like they were my own and I wish there was a way I could still be around them through all this but I know it won't be possible so I have accepted that after this I may have to disappear from my family's lives forever. It may sound dramatic but with my parents that is a very big possibility. I have already taken my first steps to my plan. I broke up with my boyfriend of one year, Ben Cheney, I care about him a lot but I knew it wouldn't be a forever thing with us. He was dead set on going to school, getting a job and raising a family. He wanted the carbon copy life and I didn't. I don't want the tradition; I want something else, something more. So after much consideration we ended things. This part of the plan was good for a few things, one, since we weren't together he didn't need to know my plans for after graduation and two, my parents were happy that I wasn't letting my relationship with him get too serious. Like I said, they had separate plans for my life then I did. I looked up at the clock and saw that I only had ten minutes left until I clocked out for the day. With a sigh, I wheeled the shelving cart back to the front of the library and left it, I rushed to a computer so I could check my email. Pulling up my free account I checked to see that I had two from Ben, he still wants to be friends, one from Jessica, I deleted that without even checking, and one from Lauren. Now that one was unexpected. I hardly ever talked to her. Reading through it quickly, I saw that she was asking me if I completed the term paper, we were suppose to work on over the weekend. I rolled my eyes. She is asking me about a term paper… seriously? Again, I deleted it and was just about to close out when I got another email. It was from Bella Swan. That one made me smile. I was relieved to hear from her after so long, she has been totally shattered since the Cullens left. I hoped this meant that she was finally healing. Dear Angela, Big surprise hearing from me, right? I know I haven't been acting much like a friend lately but it's been really hard for me. I want to tell you that I am feeling a little better about things and I was hoping we could get our friendship back on track. There is just one more thing I have to do that will help give me closure and I was hoping that you would come with me. I know I have no right to ask but I could really use the support for it. Please say you will come. Give me a call tonight and I will explain everything. Your friend, Bella. My smile widened, I was ecstatic to spend some time with Bella. I have missed her so much in the last few months. She was the one true friend I had found here, I hurried to print out the email and raced off to clock out and grab the boys. The cab was waiting as we walked down the stairs, boys settled in the back and I took the passenger seat. The ride wasn't very long but long enough for me to become anxious and wonder what it could be that Bella wanted me to do with her. When we pulled up to the house I jumped out, unbuckled the boys and we went in. I sent them straight to their rooms while I cleaned; I had to make sure to do my choirs before the wardens came home. I had just finished folding the last of the laundry when I heard the door open. "Angela?" my father's voice called. "Yes dad?" I asked coming into the hall from the kitchen. There was to be no yelling in the house. This is a good rule if you don't have two five year olds running around. "Your mother and I will be out this evening, visiting the sick. Are you capable of getting supper prepared for you and your brothers tonight?" he asked in a stern and proper voice. I forced myself not to growl at his condescending tone. "Yes, I am sure I can find something for us." "Alright. We should be back by ten tonight. You have permission to wait up for us but the boys are to be in bed by 8:30. Understand?" "Yes I understand." I answered then thought. "Oh dad… Bella Swan asked me to come over tomorrow. Is it okay?" He stood staring at me for a moment in thought. I waited patiently. Just eight more months and then I can leave this God forsaken place. "I suppose that is alright. You should spend some time with your friends, but that means you attend both services next Sunday, understand? No exceptions." "Yes, sir. Thank you, sir." I nodded vigorously. He nodded once curtly before turning and walking back out the door. I practically jumped in circles at the freedom I would be enjoying tomorrow. Maybe I could spend the whole day with her tomorrow. The rest of the night went slowly; the boys ate grilled cheese and tomato soup and I made myself a sandwich. Then let them watch a half hour of television before putting them to bed, which took an hour in itself. You try getting two five year olds to go to sleep when the sun is still shining through the window. Now, it's nine o' clock and I am settled onto the couch watching a recap of ANTM with phone in hand. I anxiously dial the number that I haven't used in months and wait. After the third ring it's answered. "Hello?" My heart broke, she sounded so hurt and depressed. "Hi Bella, its Angela. I got your email." I answered excitedly. "Oh Angela, hi. Thank you for calling. I thought maybe it was too late for us to salvage our friendship." "Oh no. You can't get rid of me that easily." I giggled and heard a strained laugh on the other end. "So what are we doing tomorrow?" "Oh, well I know either of us are nature people but I was hoping you wouldn't mind going on a hike with me. I'm looking for this particular place and I could really use the company if it's not too much trouble." "No, no trouble at all. What are you looking for?" "It's a place I use to go with E…him before he left. Just this meadow that he found. I wanted to go and say goodbye one last time. I think I need to finally let him go." She sounded so pained as she said it and I noticed that she cut herself off before she could say his name. "I would love you go with you. Don't feel bad about what you are going through. Breakups are hard and if this is what you need, then I will support you one hundred percent. So, what time are we leaving?" "Thanks Ange, this means a lot to me. I was thinking we could leave early, maybe ten o' clock and then maybe spend the rest of the day vegg-ing out at my house. Maybe we can pick up a gallon of ice cream and some sappy love stories on the way back." "Oh and don't forget the pizza. Nothing says comfort like a gooey cheesy mess." I giggled and heard her do the same. "Of