A/N This is a James/Lily fic with some Marlene/Sirius Pairing. I'm writing this for my own enjoyment and hope that you all like it too! Disclaimer:Characters belong to the Harry Potter Franchise. It was by some miracle that Lily Evans found herself staring into a floor length mirror in one of the McKinnons many bathrooms. The reflection she was presented with showed her standing in a stupidly expensive set of emerald robes, with a plunge down the front that was just revealing enough to let anyone who knew her well know that these robes were clearly borrowed from a friend. Said friend was of course the annoyance that had practically begged Lily to come with her to the party tonight, using one or two blackmailing techniques in the process. Marlene was giving a knowing smirk in the background of the reflection as she caught Lily admiring herself, not that Lily would ever admit to it. Leaning in closer to the mirror she tucked a stray strand of auburn hair back into the elegant up do that Marlene had spent a good half an hour and a fair amount of grumbling about lack of magic, trying to perfect. After one final assessment of her make-up Lily turned to face her friend, trying to ignore the nerves brewing in her stomach. "Alright I'm Ready". With an exasperated ' Finally ' Marlene Mckinnon got up from her seated position on the bed and headed towards the door. Lily followed and couldn't help feeling a small amount of jealousy about the way Marlene's silver robes, clung and fit perfectly to her athletic build or the way her skin glowed and blonde hair shined. With a shake of her head Lily cast off the feelings and focused instead on the chatter that was coming from her friend's mouth. "…which is all fair enough but I really don't see why Mary couldn't come either, it's not like she can't just get a portkey from New York, and what's so special about some big ball dropping, it sounds ridiculous to me." Lily laughed at how put out Marlene was about their other friend's lack of attendance to tonight's party. "She can't ' just get a portkey ' her family are muggles remember, besides it is tradition for her to spend New Year's Eve in New York, you know that, why it's a surprise to you all of a sudden is beyond me." Was Lily's reply. "You broke tradition, you're coming!" Lily wasn't hurt or surprised by the way in which Marlene made this point, because she whole heartedly agreed with her shock at the acceptance of the invitation. "Technically I didn't break tradition, my family broke tradition on me, and I'm only coming because I don't want people to find out about Mr Shreddy.' Lily looked pointedly over at Marlene for the last part but just earned a laugh in return and a mumbled comment on how a sixteen-year-old really shouldn't still sleep with a teddy. The two girls continued with their back and forth bantering and jibes until they reached the main living room of the house. Waiting by the grand fireplace stood the rest of the McKinnon's. The two youngest, Marcus and Malcom, identical twins and in their second year of Hogwarts were both tapping their feet impatiently, looking rather disgruntled in the dress robes they had been forced to wear. The mother of the family, Clara Mckinnon was looking radiant, the blonde hair from which her only daughter had inherited was sleek and long, her robes, a pale blue, seemed to emit a glow, that Lily thought must be due to some kind of spell. "About time girls." Murdock Mckinnon was a short man with a rather fabulous moustache and beard that more than made up for the lack of hair on his head. "Mac's already head off, got bored of waiting for the two of you to 'prissy up'. I believe that was the term he used." Mac being the eldest of the McKinnnon clan was as handsome as his sister was pretty and had the sass to match. He had graduated Hogwarts two years previously and Lily was rather fond of his quick wit and carefree outlook. "Right we all better head of snappish, we are already 20 minutes later than what is fashionable. Girls you go first." Exclaimed Clara, anxiously glancing at the clock on the mantelpiece. With a role of her eyes at Lily, Marlene gracefully stepped into the green flames and with a shout of their destination she vanished. Next it was Lily who slowly, and much less gracefully clambered over the fire guard and into the flames. The twist and turns of floo travel often made her uneasy so it was with as steady a voice she could muster that she shouted out… "POTTER MANOR". Lily had never been to a wizarding party outside of the school until now, and never a party with so much grandeur. As she fell onto the hearth and righted herself she thought for a bazar moment that instead of falling through a fire place, she had perhaps fallen into one of her favourite novels and landed herself in a Great Gatsby party. With a few blinks of her eyes she took in where she was, a grand ballroom, decorated with baroque detailing and the most marvellous fresco painting on the ceiling portraying the heavens that twinkled and moved like any other magical painting. The room was crowded with witches and wizards of all ages and sizes, but not only wizards, was that a centaur that just wandered past? And were her eyes playing tricks on her or had she just seen a leprechaun swing from a chandelier? 20's swing music was playing loudly over the chatter and laughter of the party goers and champagne towers were floating through the crowds, which no matter how much they were knocked into, never spilled a single drop. With a disbelieving laugh Lily rushed over to Marlene who was standing next to Christmas tree to rival the ones at Hogwarts. "I can't believe it, this is incredible !" Lily cried over the music in awe. Marlene only laughed in response and whilst grabbing on to Lily's hand she started to pull her into the throng of dancers. "Just you wait until the fireworks, by Merlin you will love them." Marlene shouted over her shoulder as the squeezed and slid between the crowd, Lily followed her friends suit and took a glass of champagne off the tray that floated past them. Marlene seemed to have spotted a friendly face, for Lily was yanked in a different direction towards what looked like an extravagant buffet and drinks table. "Why am I not surprised to see you two here" Marlene said with a raised brow and a laugh. The two boys she addressed turned in unison, one had his hands laden with an obscene amount of chocolate truffles whilst the other had two freshly cracked open butterbeers. "Stocking up for the long night ahead" Remus Lupin replied holding up his chocolate covered hands whilst Sirius Black gave Marlene a wink before turning and pointing a bottle at Lily. "Merlin's saggy underpants, Lily Evans at a Potter Party, I must have been spiked because surely I'm not that drunk after one glass of champagne!" He joked before leaning in and hugging Lily who couldn't help but stiffen up as he did so. It's not that she didn't like Black, in fact since the beginning of term the pair had had a strange and irreversible bonding session over sibling fallouts, it's just that she hadn't realised that their acquaintanceship had reached the hugging level. She was much more relaxed however when Remus gave her a short and awkward hug, attempting to keep his sticky hands away from leaving marks upon her robes. Remus was her favourite out of the group of friends whom called themselves the 'Marauders', as he was much more well-mannered but also a fellow prefect with whom she'd spent many hours getting to know on patrols of the castle. "You really want us to believe that you've only had one glass of champagne, the party's been in full swing for an hour by the looks of things" Scoffed Marlene as she downed her own glass champagne, following on by tugging the second beer out of Black's reluctant hand. "Speaking of the party, where is my young host of a cousin?" She said, craning her neck to look round the vicinity. "Now now Marly, you know I'm not the host, just a humble party attendee like yourself." A voice said from behind them. The group turned in the direction of the voice to find none other than James Potter, looking the most well-kept and smartest that Lily had ever seen him in her life. The robes he wore were as black as his hair, which although had been attempted to have been brushed back, was slowly starting to rebel against, what Lily could only assume was a mass amount of hair product and enchantments. The dazzling smile that adorned his face turned into one of surprise when he saw that Lily was among the group he had just addressed, and whilst his eyes glistened playfully Lily could see that there was more unreadable emotion there too, in fact it seemed like he looked quite uncomfortable at her presence. "Evans! Wow, you look… you look stunning" The words seemed to have slipped out on their own accord but the last part was lost on Lily as the sound of the arrival of Peter Pettigrew, who jostled his way through the crowd and into the little circle, drowned it out. "Those bloody, thieving con artists, why the bloody hell did your parents invite leprechaun's again Prongs?" He called out looking extremely flustered and the only way Lily could think to describe it, pissed off. His explanation was followed by the sound of a leprechaun cackling as he flew overhead and dropping a load of galleons atop of Peter's head. Lily who had read up extensively on Irish wizardry took these coins to be fool's gold and laughed along with the rest of the group as Peter muttered angrily to himself and shook a fist at the place the little green man had disappeared from. "I believe they became rather fond of a few of them on their recent trip to Ireland, Pete" Potter replied, he seemed to have gotten over or rather decidedly moved on from the surprise of Lily's presence and was back to his arrogant, confident self. "Come on let's go in to the other room, where the crowds are less and the company is younger" Lily followed the rest of them and seemed to be the only one stunned by the proclamation of the 'other room'. At the front of progression Black was taking the micky out of his best mate. "' Evans... wow you look stunning '" he imitated, as James shoved his shoulder with an 'oh fuck off'. The group laughed and joked with one and other, drinking the drinks in hand before taking more off the floating trays that they passed before crossing a very grand entrance hall and entered a much smaller but no less grand room that Lily took to be some kind of living room. Potter had been right when he said that this room was way less crowded and the party goers that had gathered here were all closer to her own age, many of them fellow Hogwarts students, whilst there was a handful she didn't recognise at all, though she got the distinct impression that they were French. Her hunch was confirmed as she watched Potter wander over to them, proclaiming loudly "Mes cousins, comment jouissez-vous de la fête?". "James is French on his mother's side, those are his cousins." Remus stated in response to Lily's questioning gaze, who blushed at being caught staring. "It's crazy I know, I came