A/N Okay, so I know that I have a lot of other stories, but this will hopefully be a quick one. I was reading the novel "Inhuman" and I came across the name "Dr. Solis." I said it out loud and it sounded suspiciously like "Dr. Solace." So I started re-writing the story in my head using some OCs and grown-up demigods and this just happened. Hope you enjoy! Note: Main characters include; Bianca Solace-di Angelo, Cast Jackson, and Sammy Zhang. Minor characters include Zane Ramirez-Arellano, Sophia Grace, Alexa Valdez, and Chuck Hedge. Inhuman Chapter One Now that I was actually on the roof of the skyscraper, I was having second thoughts. Maybe it was the spotlights sweeping the streets below, or the patrol planes flying in pairs along the top of the Titan wall, or maybe it was just my good sense reasserting itself. What we were about to do was not only stupid and dangerous, but also illegal, and in my sixteen years of life I'd made a point of avoiding activities that could be described with even one of those adjectives. I paused halfway across the roof, letting the boys hurry ahead. "I'm suffocating." I tugged at the scrap of white vinyl-supposedly a vest, more like a corset-that I'd somehow let Sophia talk me into wearing tonight. Without a shirt. "Don't be such a slave to comfort." Sophia pulled my hands away from the vest and gave me the once-over. Her short curls bobbed with her nod of approval. "Funny how a tight top can loosen a girl right up." "I'm not sure loose is a good thing at thirty stories up." Or ever, for that matter, I thought. "Now remember, I want it back, so don't go wild." Her blue eyes narrowed as she took in the rooftop gardens around us. "And no rolling in the dirt." "Ew." "Not even if Zane asks nicely." "Ew again. I told you: I am not into Zane." Curiosity had propelled me up here, not the desire to roll around with either of the guys we'd come with-guys who were now fighting over the remote control for a toy hovercopter. "It's my 'copter." Camden clutched at the toy while warding Zane off with an elbow. "My roof." Zane latched onto Camden's wrist. Anyone hearing them would think they were first-graders, not seniors. Music and laughter floated up from the penthouse below and I wondered what part of tonight would upset Zane's military mom, Reyna Ramirez-Arellano, the most. That her son was was having a party while she was out of town, or that he was on top of a building compromising national security? Probably the latter, although having so many people in their apartment-touching things, spreading germs-that would send a chill down any parent's spine. Suddenly the boys' tussling sent them to the edge of the roof. I gasped and Sophia clapped a hand to her mouth. Just as fast, they reversed direction, still grunting and scuffling, completely oblivious to how close they'd come to falling. I exhaled slowly. AS much as I loved animals-even the strays-I hated it when boys acted like animals. Out of control. Vying for dominance. Ugh. "If you're not into Zane, then why are we up here?" Sophia demanded. "You know why." I swept a hand toward the wall that loomed like a mountain range, even though it was just across the street. "The Feral Zone." She rolled her eyes. "Yes!" Zane wrested the remote control from Camden and lifted his arm in triumph. "Let's get this baby in the air." I split my long ponytail into two sections and yanked them apart, forcing the rubber band tight against my scalp. The tighter my hair was pulled back, the better my brain worked. Sophia reluctantly followed me over to the roof's edge. I'd never been so close to the top of the Titan wall before and the sheer enormity of it loosened a flutter in my chest. The reparation wall, the quarantine line, the blight-all the names for the wall, even the bitter ones, were said with awe. Because the Titan wasn't just any wall. At seven hundred feet tall, it towered over downtown Davenport and curved to infinity in either direction. The guards stationed along the top all had their guns and telescopes pointed outward, toward the part of America that is lost to us-now known as The Feral Zone. That's what really carbonated my blood: the though that via toy hovercopter, I might finally get to see what was over there. When the wall went up twelve years ago, that part of the country became as mysterious to us as Africa was to the rest of the world in the nineteenth century. The Feral Zone was our Dark Continent. Sophia, however, seemed immune to the zone's allure. She took one look at the gun turrets and scooted back, her tan skin ashen. "This is a very bad, very stupid idea." "Worst case scenario, I'm out of a camera," I said lightly. "Really?" She propped her fists on her hips. "'Cause I'd say the worst case scenario is we all get shot for crossing the quarantine line." "We're not crossing. That is." Zane pointed at the toy hovercopter in Camden's hands. "And it can't catch a virus. So technically, we're not breaking quarantine." His black hair was as rumpled as his shirt. At least he wan't wearing his bathrobe, which was what he usually wore during our virtual classes even though we were supposed to log on every morning at eight, fully dressed. Camden tipped the mini hovercopter to check the camera that I'd attached to the underside. He gave a nod. "Let's do this before it gets to dark to see anything." We probably wouldn't see anything anyway. The toy hovercopter had to fly over the wall and across the Mississippi River before it officially reached The Feral Zone. But I would be happy even with a distant shot-one that I could enlarge later. I lifted my dial, which hung on a delicate chain around my neck. We all wore them. For our parents, the glowing discs were more than phones. Our dials were their spy cameras. With a push of a button, a dad could see what his daughter was doing (and with whom) through her dial's screen, even if she didn't "take" the call-like that was ever an option. With a tap, I activated the link between my dial and the camera. A second later, Camden's face popped up on the dial's round screen. I pointed at him. "Action." Camden lifted the hovercopter over his head. "Let 'er rip." Zane flicked a button on the remote, the rotor blades started whirling and the toy lifted out of Camden's hands. The boys whooped and punched the air. Sophia met my gaze with an arched brow. I smiled. "Oh, come on, you know you want to see what's over there." "I know what's over there." She plucked a bottle of hand sanitizer from the back pocket of my jeans. "Rubble and disease." "And mutants," Camden added without taking his eyes off the little hovercopter zooming toward the wall. "There are no mutants." Sophia squeezed a blob of gel into her palm. "Everyone over there is dead." Zane thumbed the remote, putting the hovercopter into a steeper trajectory. "If everyone's dead, why do we have armed guard patrolling the wall night and day?" I looked up from my dial. "To keep the chimpacabras out." "Don't even bring that crap up." Sophia chucked the bottle of sanitizer back to me. "Because of you, I still sleep wit the light on." "Then maybe you shouldn't have begged me to tell you about them every time we had a sleepover," I said with a laugh. Camden glanced over. "What's a chimpacabra?" "Nothing. A monster my dad made up." Back when I'd still believed his stories. Well, half-believed. He'd started telling me stories about a brave littler girl and her adventures in The Feral Zone when I was eight, right after my other father (who I'd called Daddy) died. Daddy used to sing to me before bed. Stories were Dad's way of filling in the silence. "A chimpacabra is a mole-monkey thing that has poison spit and lives underground over there." Sophia pointed beyond the wall with a shudder. "It creeps out at night to steal kids from their beds. One bite and you're paralyzed and you can't even scream while it eats you alive." I tore my gaze from my dial to stare at my best friend. "Um, Sophia Thalia, chimpacabras aren't real. My dad made them up. Well..." I couldn't resist. "I mean, I think he did." Sophia circled her hand in front of her face. "See me not laughing." At least Camden laughed. "Here we go," Zane crowed as the toy hovercopter sailed over the top of the Titan. "Fifty feet across and we're-" Loud popping cut off his words. My dial cut to black and I looked toward the wall. "What happened?" Along the far side of the ramparts, gun turrets swiveled toward the Inside, all taking aim at the sputtering hovercopter. "Get down!" Camden dropped into a crouch as more shots rang out. Sophia and I hunkered next to him, but Zane took off for the door to the stairwell. "It's okay," I whispered. "There's no way for them to know where the 'copter came from." Just then a spotlight swooped across the roof of the next building, scouring the shadows as it arced toward us. "Oh crap. Run!" Sophia and I bolted with Camden on our heels. We dove through the door to the stairwell. Two minutes later we slipped into the zoo that was Zane's living room liek we'd been there all alone. Sophia and Camden collapsed on the couch, laughing, but I couldn't-not with my heart still lodged in my throat. The loud music and press of bodies weren't helping. There had to be at least twenty-five kids in the apartment, all face to face and breathing on each other. Some were even kissing. No, not just kissing. Old-fashioned kissing. Actually swapping spit. I couldn't dig out my hand sanitizer fast enough. Had they slept through every health class we'd ever taken, starting in kindergarten? A pack of guys charged past me howling like wolves, carrying a laughing girl. "Not on the couch." Zane shouted just as they tumbled the girl onto it, shoes and all. Between the noise and Sohpia's vest doubling as a tourniquet, I couldn't even breathe my way into a zen state. I reached for the top snap, then noticed Zane watching me. We'd spent a lot of time online this week, planning our failed venture, but he'd thrown in a lot of cheesy compliments, too. Now that we were together for real, I didn't want him getting the wrong idea. I left the vest snapped and picked up my dial. With a touch, I deleted the brief recording of the wall-aka incriminating evidence-and then hit record and made a show of filming the party. I wound my way through the crowd and onto the balcony to see what was happening on the wall. Nothing much. The guards were back in position. They must have found the broken toy and decided it wasn't worth investigating further. At least, I hoped that's what they'd decided. For once I was grateful for the the vars that enclosed high-rise balconies. Usually they made me feel like a caged bird, but tonight that cage was helping to keep me from the guard's view. Our parents liked to call the bars trellises and said that they'd been installed to support climbing vines. Who were they kidding? We knew the cages were yet another safety measure. Were kids really falling off balconies right and left before the plague? Doubtful. But there was no reasoning with a nation of trauma survivors. "Sorry about your camera." Zane joined me by the finely wrought bars.