First Chapter of this new story! Yey! I really needed to start it. It was an urgency, a great desire. So here I am. Thanks for giving this story a try, if you can review I would appreciate it very much. If you liked the start, comment it please. I hope to make an exciting story to suit everyone and surprise you, make you spend a good time after a day of work / school, or rejoice the afternoon while you see the rain in the window, or you are on the bus at 7 in the morning in the direction of any place. This story it's the one where Percy Jackson leaves and he goes to Alaska. But as you will see it will be done my way. Different from the ones that you have read. Or I hope so. If you have not read any, I hope you like the idea, even if it is not my original. There are not many stories of these that are complete or have a large enough number of words to be entertaining. And I find the idea is great, it's very entertaining in my opinion. So I hope to make a story that you like about this topic. This one will be Percabeth. It's my favorite character pairing. I will try my best to do it realistically. But remember that the characters can be OOC. I like to make them in my way. This story takes place after HoO. So Jason, Piper, Frank, Hazel, Leo appear in this story. Thank you again for reading my story, and let's go ahead! No, I don't own any of these characters, they belong to Uncle Rick Percy POV After everything I've been to, rest is pretty cool. You know, there's no Great Prophecies, no crazy Titans, and no primordial trying to rise and control the earth… I can be with all my friends in Camp Half Blood without worrying that we have to go to somewhere to save the mankind. And the most important, I can be with Annabeth. Lately we have been even more united, after all we have had some sequels of our passage through Tartarus, but together we are surpassing them. Annabeth is the girl of my life, there is no one like her, so intelligent, so kind, so loving, so beautiful ... She is just perfect. I really love her. It has been six months since the end of the war, so far there are no big attacks of monsters, rather said there are almost no attacks anymore. We are expanding the camp, now there are new facilities as cool as a pool, more different training camps, and a soccer field that also serves for other sports. The cabins are larger as there are many new campers. Inside, the cabins have new rooms like common rooms with TV, games room and mine has a Jacuzzi. I know. I know it's really cool. Ow! I have to say that I now have a new half-brother. He arrived a week after the Giant War. His name is Patrick and the truth is that he is a good dude. He defends himself quite well with the sword although he likes to go with a spear. He does not have much control over water but I'm teaching him. He's quite funny and such. Maybe he gets a little heavy, and it's kind of believed because as he is the son of one of the big three he wants people to obey him more. But otherwise Patrick nice. He's some months younger than me, he's pretty tall, he measure about 1.88m. He has whiter skin than I do. His eyes are of a turquoise blue color, they are incredible. It's like watching the Caribbean Sea. His facial attributes are similar to mine, but his jaw is more rounded, his nose is almost perfect, the Greek type. I studied some art because of Annabeth, that's why I know the nose type. I have learnt a lot with her. His hair is blond / brown. You can almost say that he is the son of Hermes if it were not for the eyes and the ability to control the water. When he arrived I was quite angry. Okay, yeah, a lot. Maybe I destroyed some things like trees and such, maybe the waves came almost to the dining room. But no big deal. What do you want me to say, when you find out that your father has been hiding one of his sons from the demigod world, from the danger. And you have had to live two of the most important prophecies of all history, you have had to fight countless monsters, recover stupid objects and save the world... I do not know, I do not find it very fair. No? He has been able to live quietly for about 16 years. I'm sure you would also react in a similar way. He has been living a normal life, and now that the danger has passed thanks partly to me, my father comes here and says he has another son who had hidden, I do not know where. That we should treat him well and such, I think, I just think, that it's very fucking unfair. I'm getting pissed off with my father and I did not feel like it. Calm down, Percy, calm down. Think about the waves, think about mom, think about Annabeth... Where were we? Oh yeah... Well, in general things go pretty well. Except for being angry with my father everything else is perfect. It will take a while to forgive him, but at some point I will. He tries to apologize and talk to me but I ignore him for now. I'm not ready to talk about this, about that a year after being with my mother, he was with another. Tomorrow there is a party on Olympus, the reason for this is that Annabeth has remodeled the throne room. I must say that the throne room it is the most spectacular thing I have ever seen. My vocabulary is too limited to describe it to perfection. Simply Incredible. Columns of the most impeccable marble in the world, a vaulted ceiling with an immense skylight. Paintings on some walls of the most remarkable events in history. Golden tones everywhere. Amazing, astonishing, perfect. And the best of all is that my dear girlfriend has done it. I am very happy for her, it was the dream of her life and now little by little she will fulfill it. She's doing architecture classes with Athena at the moment. The goddess also gave her some gifts like: a little blessing to make him even smarter, which I do not think was necessary, he could have given it to me. Besides the power to control any weapon, now Annabeth spends the day training with all kinds of weapons that her mother gives her. The other gods have also given different gifts to their children, I am a bit jealous of them because Poseidon has not given me anything. Just a new half-brother. I have taught myself to steam-travel. It is like shadow-travel but through the water of the air, of the humidity in the environment. I can only use it for short distances. Otherwise, I run out of energy and it is not pleasant at all. I say it from experience. I wanted to travel to Barcelona, I got it but then I did not have the energy to go back and it was a serious problem. Hazel obtained a black jacket capable of stopping the arrow shots aimed at her torso. The truth is that it is very useful, it even stop strong blows of sword. Like a bulletproof vest but still more resistant. Much more. I would love to have something like that. I think it's the best gift the gods have ever made. Hazel has also gained new skills with the fog. Hecate has been teaching her. They spend the day practicing in a private area of the camp that Annabeth has built for the children of Hecate and Hades / Pluto. Nico was given a crossbow, obviously all black. The particularity is that the arrows he uses are infinite, you simply have to tighten the string so that the arrow appears. I do not like it very much, since we know that I and the arrows do not get along very well. But I'm happy because he seems to like it a lot. He's like Daryl from Walking Dead. Which is very funny. Walking Dead and Nico, you know, dead, he's the son of Hades…Okay, sorry… Hades also granted him more powers with the dead, now he can summon Bianca whenever he wants. He is really happy, he even smiles! And now he can release armies from hundreds of skeletons, although energy consumes him a lot. But little by little with the help of his father is improving. Ares gave Frank an electric spear like Clarisse's. She also has one now. But this new spear is more resistant and powerful. It has been built with electricity from the Master Bolt of Zeus. He is also training with many other weapons, as he also has now the ability to learn faster and better with these weapons. Frank has now the obsession for medieval weapons and this stuff. A Canadian-Asian with a spiked ball. It may sound funny, but it is not at all. About Leo ... Well, when he returned with Calypso, they remodeled Bunker 9 to his liking. It's like his second home. It has millions of tools and gadgets. In addition, Hephaestus gave him a hammer the size of Thor's. It's his last little toy. The best thing about the hammer is that it is also capable of creating fire. It shoot some columns of fire that burns everything that is around him. Thanks to the teachings of his father, Leo is learning to better control his ability with fire. Aphrodite gave to Piper several things. Now she has the power to make clothes appear out of nowhere, or to directly change the one you wear. I do not know if it's very useful, but surely it will be of some use to her. Pipers' charmspeak is improving significantly, thanks to her mother. She is now teaching her more things related to this. Finally Aphrodite gave Piper a shield built by Hephaestus, which is transformed into a makeup powder. It's really cool and scary at the same time. Trust me. It's golden, and the image of the shield is all of us fighting the giants in the final battle. When you see the shield, it really intimidates. Jason gained the ability to perfect any weapon. As a good warrior he is, this ability will be very good for him to know how to use several weapons. Zeus also gave him a sky blue bow that shoots arrows charged with electricity. It's not like Nico's crossbow that has infinite arrows. But it's still pretty cool. The arrows explode in a storm of lightning, they illuminate roads ... a lot of things. Believe me when I tell you that seeing an arrow that is charged with electricity is not at all pleasant if you are the son of the god of the sea. If I try to use this bow I would surely die for shooting badly and electrocute myself. Finally Zeus promised Jason to teach him how to better control the winds and storms. I would also like my father to show it to me, but since we are angry he has not done anything for me... TIME SKIP-WHEN PERCY IS IN HIS ROOM After a tiring day of training, the best time is when you relax in the Jacuzzi. It really is incredible. Right now I cannot imagine myself anywhere else. I'm so comfortable that I think I'm going to sleep a little, I'll set the alarm for it to