HEY GUYS! :D Sorry to keep you guys waiting so long. This is the last story of this Panem High School AU Story. Sad but everyone is going to get a happy ending :) The Title of this story "What I Wouldn't Do" is actually a song by Serena Ryder. Go listen to it because this story is kind of based off the song :) ENJOY! Chapter 1 "Different" Katniss' POV It's the first day of school today and the last three weeks of summer have been somewhat of a blur. Being sent home early from the summer trip was nothing but disappointing. I came home to an ugly orange cat sleeping in my bed and my little sister having a boyfriend. The cat was a gift from Prim's new boyfriend, Rory . Gale's little brother is dating my little sister. I don't approve, my sister is far too young to be dating, but mother doesn't agree with me. Seeing as I am unbelievably upset with Gale for dating Madge again , I spent most of my three weeks with Cashmere. She told me everything about her and Marvel, everything . There are some details I wish she kept to herself, but on the bright side I know she trusts me. Marvel always had a crush on Cashmere. Cashmere knew that. Nothing ever came from Marvel's crush until last April. In the beginning of last year, Cashmere started dating this senior. He was gorgeous, captain of the basketball team, popular, and completely perfect for Cashmere. Things between them were going great until Cashmere found out he was just going out with her because he knew if he had Cashmere wrapped around his arm at prom he'd definitely win king. Cashmere dumped him in a heartbeat. The night Cashmere found out the truth there was a party at her house. She was on her way to her bedroom crying when she ran into Marvel. She needed a shoulder to cry on and he was there for her. Cash and Marvel started hooking up after that. They didn't sleep together until we went to the Capitol. When Cash thought she might have been pregnant, she freaked out and broke it off with Marvel. After she found out she wasn't pregnant, she didn't go back to Marvel. Cashmere took it as a sign to stop seeing Marvel for good. That's the story of them. Johanna still hasn't forgiven Cashmere about the whole Gale thing, which I completely understand, but this fighting is somewhat splitting our group apart. Gloss under no circumstances will tolerate Johanna bad mouthing his sister. Long story short, they aren't speaking. Finnick is on Johanna's side a hundred percent and it's causing problems for him and Gloss. They aren't fighting, but when Johanna, Cash or Gale are brought up they argue about it. Peeta told me most of their fights are because they were trying to pull him over on someone's side, which he refuses to do. Peeta and I are neutral and Johanna doesn't like that at all. Needless to say, Johanna isn't speaking to either of us. So as far as our group goes, it's Johanna, Annie and Finnick, and then Gloss and Cashmere, Peeta and me. Great way to start out the school year, right? Cashmere and Gloss were nice enough to offer me and Prim a ride to school today. I would have rather walked with Finnick like I always do, but Prim wanted to ride in Cash's brand new car. Finnick wasn't mad at me for ditching him for them, or at least that's what he said. "Thanks, Katniss," Cash says beside me at the lockers. I raise my eyebrow at her. "For what?" "For not telling my brother or anyone about Marvel." "Doesn't Clove know about you two?" Cash sighs and nods. "How long do you think it'll be before she blows that secret?" I ask with all seriousness. "Actually, I don't think she's going to do anything to me." "This is Clove we are talking about, Cash. Why wouldn't she tell everyone?" Clove isn't the one to forgive and forget. Cash and Marvel screwed her over; I doubt that Clove would let that go. Cash shrugs at me. "It's already the first day back at school after the school's summer trip. A trip we left three weeks early. She could have told everyone already, but she didn't. There has to be a reason why she didn't." "And what could that reason possibly be?" " Maybe —" "What up, ladies?" Gloss interrupts the conversation. "How's it going? Gosh , I missed you two." "Gloss, you saw us five minutes ago." " And it has been the longest five minutes of my life, sister dear." "Weren't you going to go to homeroom already?" I ask Gloss. "Yeah, but then I thought, 'What's the rush?' I'd much rather spend sometime with two of my favorite girls." "More like you rather see Clove before homeroom starts," Cash says teasingly. "Did you miss your devil of a girlfriend, brother?" " Girlfriend ?" I gape at Gloss. "She's not my girlfriend," Gloss says dryly. "Not yet anyways." "Ever since we left, those two got extremely comfortable with each other, if you know what I mean," Cash tells me with a wink. "We did not," Gloss tells me. "Cash, stop twisting my words." Cash snorts. "You're the one who called me every day to talk about her." "Aw, you two talked to each other every day? That's so sweet," I say teasingly. "Like you and Peeta didn't stay up half the nights talking on the phone," Gloss says. "The walls aren't that thick, Katniss." "Bite me, Gloss." "Back to the point," Cash says. "Gloss, you can't tell me that in three weeks nothing happened with you and Clove." "Well I wouldn't say nothing happened, but I wouldn't say something happened either." "Let's say something did happen," I say, taking charge of the conversation. "Now that we're back at school, do you really think Clove is still going to act the same around you?" Gloss looks at me confused. "Why wouldn't she?" "I'll give you one hint." With that I nod my head down the hall, where Cato stands alone at his locker. Gloss rolls his eyes at the sight. "They broke up, what does he matter anymore?" "Katniss, are you forgetting that he's been on several dates ever since we came back?" Cashmere reminds me. "It's been a different girl almost everyday." "It was only three weeks," I remind them. "What can really change in a few weeks?" " Whoa ," Gloss breathes out. He's starting down the hall in the opposite direction of Cato. Cash and I whip our heads and both our jaws drop. "That's new," Cashmere mumbles beside me. Instead of her usual revealing outfits Glimmer's wearing black jeans, a white tee, and a brown leather jacket. Her blonde hair is straightened instead of curled, and she isn't wearing those heavy shades of makeup. She looks pretty. Not that she wasn't always pretty, but now it's natural beauty. Clove looks like a whole new person too. Her flowery skirt, designer top, and heels have Glimmer written all over them. Every step Clove takes her black curls bounce with her gracefully. The sound of her heels clicking against the floor certainly draws everyone's attention to her and Glimmer. The girls stare as the two pass by and the guys either whistle or wave at them. "Is this real?" Gloss bursts out as they approach us. "Hi, Katniss," Glimmer says with a smile. "Love the braid," Clove says. "Works for you." I can't tell if she is being sarcastic or not. " Thanks ?" "Hey, Gloss. Cashmere." Gloss lamely waves and Cashmere rolls her eyes. " Gloss ," Clove says with a smile. "Would you mind giving me a minute with your sister?" "Only if I can walk you to class later." "Of course you can." Gloss leaves with a smirk on his face. "Listen here, Cashmere, and listen good," Clove says. The sweetness and kindness in her voice is long gone now. "I'm not going to tell anyone about Marvel because, frankly, you can slut around with whoever you want, I just want to know one thing." Cashmere smirks at Clove. "And what's that?" "You and Marvel went through all the trouble already. Why aren't you two still seeing each other?" "Marvel was the one who wanted more, not me. It was just sex and he couldn't accept that, so I ended it." "It was your pregnancy test, wasn't it?" Cash nods. Clove then looks at me. "Peeta talks a lot about you," she tells me. There is no mocking or harshness in her tone. "You're lucky to have someone who loves you that much." "I know," I say, because I don't know what else to say. "See you guys later," Glimmer says for Clove. They leave walking in unison. I watch them walk down the rest of the hall, not stopping for anyone or so much as looking at anyone. They pass Cato, but they don't even glance at him. Cato sees them, though. He stares for moment, and then he goes back to his locker. "What the hell was that about?" Cash asks me, as if I had a clue. "Why would she tell you that?" I shrug. "I don't know, but I'm not sure I want to." Seeing as Cashmere and Gloss are seniors, they don't share a homeroom with me. I walk into homeroom alone as the bell goes off and the announcements are being played on the TV. Finnick and Johanna sit together in the back of the classroom. Finnick waves at me, but Johanna doesn't. That's no surprise, because as long as I'm speaking to Cash, Johanna isn't speaking to me. It's childish, but that's Johanna for you. In the front of the class, Gale sits with Thresh, Foxface and Madge. They all smile at me, but I don't return it. I haven't spoken to Gale because after everything, he went back with Madge. Maybe I'm being childish too, but frankly, I don't care. I look around the room in search of Peeta, but I don't see him anywhere. I take a seat in the middle of the room at an empty table. Within ten minutes of the bell, Annie and Peeta come rushing into class together. Annie waves in Finn's direction, but she joins Peeta to sit with me. "Hi, Katniss." Peeta kisses my check. "My dad told me to thank you for all your help around the bakery the past few weeks. I don't know what you did, but my dad loves you, Katniss." Instead of sitting around at home being bored, I decided to introduce myself to Mr. Mellark. Within a few hours, he adored me. With Ms. Mellark out of town for the summer, I offered to help Mr. Mellark around the bakery in exchange for some baking lessons. I can now make bread without catching on fire. "Your father is an extremely kind man, Peeta. I can see where you get it from." Annie groans. "Enough of the flirting. I got enough of that from Gloss and Clove. Can we please talk about something else?" "Why are you two so late?" I ask. "It's the first day of school. Seriously ?" "Oh no," Peeta mumbles. " Why ? 'Cause Cato fucking sucks ." What? "It hasn't even been a day and I'm ready to pull my hair out," Annie goes on, her volume increasing. "He has no respect for anyone at all. He thinks he can do whatever he wants, the fucking cocky bastard ." I don't think I've ever heard Annie swear that much before. "And he takes so God fucking long in the bathroom. And I can't say anything. My sister would hate me—" "Annie," Peeta interrupts her. "Remember what we talked about?" Annie takes a deep breath. "I know. I should try for my