Taking Over Me Deebelle1 Rated: NC17 Warnings: Includes a Slash flashback, Adult Language, and Sexual Situations aka Lemony Goodness Beta'd By Brie and Ysar Summary: Iz's life was never easy, and when she met E after arriving back home, everything changed. He takes over her every thought until finally, she caves and asks him to tattoo her. Sometimes tattoos aren't the only thing getting skin deep. One Shot for Fandom4Friends ~Taking Over Me~ No one forgets the first time they get a tattoo. Or the second, or the third ... You get the idea. It's an addiction from which you can never escape, an inked reminder literally under your skin that never stops calling you back for more. More pleasure and more pain. The natural high of adrenaline rushes through your body at an unstoppable rate until you feel like you can't take it anymore and crash, like a drug addict after a four-day binge. At least that's what it did to me. The rush it gave me was unlike anything I had ever experienced before, and I didn't think I would ever experience something like it again - at least not without the needles penetrating my skin. I wanted to; I just didn't think it would happen. But you know what they say… Never say never. I started college one month before my eighteenth birthday, and I was completely alone in the world. In just my short eighteen years on Earth, I had experienced more than my fair share of hardships. My father Charlie had been killed in the line of duty the day after my high school graduation. A robbery gone wrong, or so they say, but planned or not, my father had been murdered, and my world would never be the same. We'd only had each other after my mom Renee passed away when I was eight years old. Dad's death hit me even harder than hers did because for so long, he had been my rock, the person who pushed me to achieve more and find the woman I would become. I wanted to close myself off from the rest of the world, wallowing away in my grief and sorrow, but being the daughter of a policeman, I knew I couldn't. My father wouldn't want that. He'd want me to show the world exactly how special Isabella Swan was. It didn't matter if I was alone in the world now; I had no living relatives to lean on or even people I could really call friends, since I was a cop's kid, stuck in a strange social no man's land, part normal kid, part capable of getting everyone arrested. Once my classmates were old enough to start really getting into trouble, I was included less and less, so I found my home in art classes and the library. Weekends were spent exploring the wilderness, drawing all of the different plants and animals I saw around Forks. The Hoh Rainforest was the perfect against which my artistic skills flourished. I had already been accepted to college; Charlie and I celebrated back in March when my letter arrived in the mail. A full ride to San Francisco State in California. He would want me to go, to set out and discover who I was and who I wanted to be. It was hard, packing up the house with his work buddies and their wives, boxing up my childhood and all of Charlie's memories. I couldn't afford to keep the house, and Charlie's pension and life insurance weren't going to last forever. I would have to get a job once I was settled in California. I packed up my truck with all my worldly goods and began the long drive down from Forks. It was the start of a new life for me, and my goal was simple; I wanted to discover life outside the small town I grew up in, a town where everyone knew everybody. The drive was long, and I made many stops. I stayed in Portland and Redding overnight; I could have tried to push myself, but with a truck that struggled to reach sixty, I didn't. Three days of driving alone began to make me stir crazy. I was singing along with the radio and mostly looked like a fool to the other drivers, but I was ready to be out of the car. On day three of my trek, I finally reached the Bay Area and pulled up to what could only be considered a mansion. According to the directions I'd gotten off the computer, this was where the guest house I was renting for the school year was located. I was stunned by the size. I'd never seen a house that big up close before. Goodness knows homes like this didn't exist in back in Forks. I rang the doorbell and was greeted by Suzie Homemaker, Mrs. Cleaver in the flesh. Talk about shocking! I didn't even know they made moms like that anymore. Once our introductions were finished, she led me back to my new abode, which was better than anything I could have imagined. The pictures hadn't done it any justice. The adorable little house was perfect for me. The floor plan was completely open, which made it seem larger than it was. The bedroom was a good size, and the bathroom was attached to a large walk-in closet. The whole place was decorated in creams and beiges with pops of plum, burgundy, emerald, and royal blue. I was beyond impressed with everything and grateful that it came furnished. My mismatched hand-me-downs would have brought down the property value for sure. The rules were simple: no wild parties or drugs. They were easy to comply with, since I wasn't a partier and never participated in recreational drug use. I was a good girl, a cop's daughter, so it was the perfect place for me. I settled in quickly and then began my job search. Luckily, it didn't take too long. I found a little coffee shop around the corner from the university, and I began working full time almost immediately. On my lunch breaks, I walked around, getting to know my new neighborhood. Mom-and-pop shops mingled with chain stores. Clothes, coffee, books—all were at the beck and call of the college crowd in this neighborhood. But one place stood out, the lone tattoo and piercing shop that was nestled above an old record store. I didn't do any research like I should have, nor did I know if this was the right place for me, but the name called to me— A Painful Reward . Up until that point, all I knew was pain, and I deserved some kind of reward for the hardships life had handed me. A tattoo seemed like a good place to start. Like popping your cherry, whether it's a good or bad experience, no one forgets the first time they get inked. Yeah, I know, I've said that before, but it's the truth. The shop was dark and modern, with leather chairs and a steel abstract angled counter taking up the main waiting area. The blood red walls were covered with what I would come to know as flash, pre-made designs that some people liked to get. On the counter were photo albums of each of the artists' work for people to peruse while they waited. It's been ten years, but I remember the first time I went under the gun like it was yesterday. I was nervous, excited, and completely afraid of needles that first time. But there I was on the precipice of life, plunging head first into adulthood, unaware of what the future held beyond my first year of college. I just needed to leap of the proverbial cliff and do it. I had no idea what to expect or if I would even go through with it, but something was pushing me, and I had to find out what it was. I would learn that my body was a blank canvas, itching to tell the tale of where I'd been and map out where I was headed. I chose a black tribal swan to represent my father and our last name. That way, even if I did get married, I would always carry the swan with me. It wasn't very large, but it sat between my shoulder blades, a reminder if you will, that Charlie would always have my back. That tattoo was the first step I took in finding myself, and I never looked back. Emmett, the big, burly owner of the shop and giver of my first tattoo, soon discovered my love of drawing, and he took me under his wing as an apprentice. I grew stronger and wiser, not to mention I had a trade to fall back on if school didn't work out. Emmett quickly became more than my mentor; he became my brother. His wife Rose became my sister, and I thrived in our untraditional family. I dove headfirst into womanhood and never looked back, thanks to my new sister. Although I still enjoyed spreading my wings—I traveled the world, learning about different styles of tattooing and marking my body and other people's skin with memories—Emmett and Rose would always be there when needed them, so it was no surprise to me or anyone else when I finally decided to lay down some roots. Five years after I first hit the road, I was back in Northern California, and it was wonderful because it was home, being there with them. Stepping back into the family who welcomed me with open arms soothed my wandering spirit. They understood, embraced me even, as one of their own from the moment I lay back in the chair, and the needles began penetrating my pale, virgin skin so long ago. The constant buzzing of the gun as the ink was pushed into my skin relaxed me that first day back home. The pain was pretty fierce at first, like a constant scratch from an angry cat, but then my adrenaline kicked in, as always, and the pain faded to little more than a nuisance. I became so numb, relaxed into a serene sense of calm by of the humdrum noises around me. Sometimes I lost myself in the mellow headspace so much that I began to moan, and I'd end up on the cusp of an orgasm as the ink became embedded beneath my almost translucent skin. "Damn, B. Why you gotta be making those noises with me? You're my sister, for Christ's sake!" Em bemoaned. "Sorry," I started. "Well, not really. I can't help it if you get a stiff because of my sounds. You know exactly what getting tatted does to me." He groaned and adjusted himself before he mumbled out something that sounded like, "Should've let E do this. Rose will never let me live this down." E, or Edward as I had come to learn his full name was, began working at the shop when I was traveling in Hawaii. The first time I saw E, I was completely enamored with him. Shaggy bronze hair that that fell into his eyes when he looked down, wild but guarded emerald eyes that had seen too much, suffered too much. Tattoos covered his muscular arms and hands, hands that I desired, that I wanted touching my body since the moment I first laid my eyes on them. He was a tattoo covered god. A tribal design crept over the contours of his shoulders and down his chest, spreading down his arms, where it faded into a lion on one forearm and an eagle on the other. The ink suited his skin much like mine did. It was as much a part of him as mine was of was me. His muscular form called to me, and I wanted to lick every black inked molecule of his body. I wanted to know if the tattoos continued their way further