Hello everyone, this is my first fan fiction and I would like to give it a try and see how it goes, so thank you for giving my story a try and I hope you enjoy it. I DO NOT OWN PERCY JACKSON SERIES AT ALL. I AM NOT RICK RIORDAN SHATTERED BOND PT I ( Three Days After Victory) Percy was so happy he thought that he was dreaming. All around Percy in the throne room of Olympus the demigods and Olympians were laughing, hugging, talking, and most of all acting like a family, not a dysfunctional family full of laws that hurt their children and prevent the gods from helping them. The throne room was glowing gently in the torchlight, the marble construction of the vast throne room was mind-blowing as always, being big enough for all the 15 foot tall Olympians to play football in giant scale. The very top of the throne room was a refraction of the sky above the New York city skyline allowing a breathtaking view of the stars usually blocked by buildings and pollution shining down on the party place basking everyone in the silver glow of the moon. Percy was standing next to Jason and Nico, talking about how he couldn't wait to take Annabeth on date as soon as he got back to camp. "Dude I think this party is awesome, but I haven't seen Annabeth in the last three hours..."Percy sighed. "Percy this is the party of Olympus she's around here somewhere, just keep looking." Nico said. "So what are going to do for the date perce?" Jason asked amused. "Ummm...I..I was thinking of maybe...a walk through the forest to the lake where we kissed for the first time underwater." stuttered Percy turning crimson. "Awww...That's so cute Percy!" said a beaming Aphrodite from behind Percy forcing a scowl on his face. "Maybe I can Help with some presents ." Aphrodite said smiling. Percy growled from clenched teeth,"I don't want help from a goddess who has already said that she'll put a strain on my love life." Aphrodite huffed before saying, "Percy I said that I was just going to make it interesting and that's all, besides love is something that is supposed to be fun, romantic, and even tragic..." Ending with a seductive smile resting on her face. Percy fumed before smirking then said, "I love Annabeth and we don't need any help, or excitement from the love goddess that is nothing but a unfaithful sleep around wife." Percy spat angrily. Clenching his fist and inwardly cursing at the love goddess for being so into his love life, and like always trying to shoot herself at him time, and time again. It's downright annoying . After his outburst the throne room became deathly quiet, because unknown to Percy he was half shouting his response the goddess. Athena appeared next to Aphrodite and said in a steely tone,"Are you causing trouble for the hero of Olympus, and boyfriend of my daughter?" Athena eyes piercing stormy grey eyes glowing with power. "because the last thing anyone would do is cause any trouble on our celebration of our victory, wouldn't you agree?"Her gaze unwavering. Aphrodite paled a bit, taken back a bit in surprise that Athena was sending her such a surprisingly hateful filled gaze. Nodding vigorously towards Athena Aphrodite turned and disappeared into the silent crowd of Olympians, minor gods, and demigods watching from a ring 10 feet away. After a few moments the throne room was filled with the festive music and chatter as everyone began celebrating again. Percy sighed exasperated that he had to both deal with a lovesick goddess and make a scene at the same time. "It's okay Perseus, Aphrodite is just being an Aphrodite right now." Responded Athena with a soft expression and warm eyes. " Please enjoy the party and make sure you give my daughter a good present or I will personally torture you for all of eternity." Percy paled nodding before bowing. "Perseus I also would like to thank you for all your efforts and as a reward I would like to give you something..." Athena reached into her robe before pulling out a soft velvet box and handing it to Percy. When Percy held it it was light and the soft blue velvet was all radiating from it with a silver glow. There was a soft white pearl coloured string that bound it close and it had a picture of two doves locking together inscribed on the string, as if the whole string was made of the pure majestic birds. Percy opened the box and gasped. Inside the container was a silver band with a warm stone with orange and light bouncing from the stone filling Percy with hope and happiness. After Percy remembered how to breathe he could only whisper."It's beautiful..." "Yes it is and I know you are planning to propose to my daughter on your date and that you don't even have a ring." Athena sighed with exasperation. "Percy blushed before looking at Athens directly in her stormy warm eyes."Thank you, I guess that's why everyone calls me Seaweed brain." Athena laughed,"You really are a Seaweed brain, but don't just thank me, Hestia, and Hephaestus were the ones who made this possible. Hestia made the rings gem out of a pure substance comprised of her own essence of hope, and Hephaestus made the band out of moon silver; the same silver that Artemis's moon chariot is comprised of." Percy grasped the ring container in his hands before gently putting it in his pocket. He looked up at Athena and smiled his crooked grin before saying," Thank you for this ring I will definitely remember this, and should you ever need a favour you can rely on me, I swear on the river Styx." Thunder boomed in the distance. Athena smiled. "Good. Well I'll see you at a later date Perseus and remember that if you hurt my daughter, hades will be the last of your worries."She said before turning around and disappearing in a soft flash. Percy put his hand on his pocket feeling for the container. The container was warm in his pocket and he couldn't help but grin at the ring in his pocket. He had the ring that would allow him to get married with Annabeth and be able to start a life with her. They could have kids grow old and be in love for all of time, and he had the key to starting that future was in his pocket. Percy then turned back to Jason and Nico. "You now you shouldn't flirt with Aphrodite Percy." Nico said Stifling his laughter. "Annabeth is gonna get mad when she hears ho-" Nico winced as a sharp elbow to the ribs caught him mid sentence. Percy smirked, "Well Death Breath, I really think I should tell Reyna about your Mythology card collection. I'm sure she would find it adorable that you keep trading cards of all the gods and goddesses." Percy smiled Mischievously and Jason suffocated on hysterics of laughter at Nico's predicament. Nico's face turned crimson,"Percy I swear to gods if you say anything I will tell Mrs. O' Leary to shadow travel into your cabin when you are sleeping and send you to the underworld." Percy and Jackson both sat there in a surprised silence, before looking at each other and laughing hysterically again at Nico, who was even redder from embarrassment or anger neither of them really knew. "I'm sorry Nico, I won't do it...yet." Percy said with a gleam in his eyes." I have to go thank Hestia and Hephaestus for a gift they gave me I'll meet you guys at camp later." Percy walked through the crowd until he saw A goddess sitting down poking at the hearth with a stick in the form of an eight year old. She had warm orange flames radiating in all directions filling Percy with the a warm gentle aura. He sat there for a minute taking in the feeling before approaching her. Percy bowed, "Thank you for the gift Lady Hestia, I am in your debt for getting such a perfect gem to fit into the ring." Without looking a smile spread across the goddesses face before replying, "Percy you have given me my throne and place in Olympus, and you are the first demigod to actually show me warmth and respect. I know that you are worth such a thing, and if you are in need I know your kind heart wouldn't ask anyone for help. I give you the gem of hope so the one you love is never at a time without hope." Percy embraced Hestia in a tight hug, which she responded in turn. When they broke apart Percy said gently, "Thank you lady Hestia this is something that I could never get for Annabeth on my own, thank you." He turned to walk away ,but was stopped by a hand grasping his shoulder. He turned around to see an older version of Hestia standing before him. She was Just as tall as his eyes standing around 5' 10". Her hair was shoulder length warm brown orange glowing hair. Her eyes warm pits if orange luminescent flames dancing around her pupils and iris. She had a lean, and slender figure and had a warm smile showing that Aphrodite maybe wasn't the prettiest goddess after all. "Percy don't call me So formal, you are the one who gave me a place at Olympus. You can just call me Hestia from now on." "As you with then La-Hestia..." Percy fumbled with a crooked grin. At the response Hestia smiled, turned around and then morphed into an eight year old prodding the flames of the hearth and rising the flames another 2 feet. Percy then turned around and went searching for Hephaestus to thank him for the ring. As Percy searched the throne room he saw a bunch of Satyrs eating cans of beer that Dionysus dropped lazily from the side of his throne, not even looking up from his wine magazine. Across the throne room there was a small fountain gurgling a golden and radiant liquid from a small spout into a bird-bath at the base of it. Nectar the drink of the gods. The fountain sat on a long table stretching lengthwise down one side of the throne room. The table was covered in ambrosia squared and cakes, as well as gifts, mirrors, and for some reason a red cow...maybe Apollo's. When Percy got the idea to head to the thrones and see if Hephaestus was there he notice a huddle around the Olympians table and saw that Clarisse was wrestling with her boyfriend Chris. She was sitting on the table while holding him in a sturdy headlock. She was laughing and even though Chris looked a little blue, he was laughing just the same. Percy chuckled at his friends thinking of when he would see Annabeth and the thought was enough to put a grin on his face from ear to ear as he kept looking for Hephaestus. After almost an hour of searching he was able to see someone half under the throne belonging to Hephaestus and went to see the half figure. Percy approached the throne hearing the loud BANG!...BANG!...BANG! The loud sound of a hammer raging through the throne room, yet no one even seemed to hear it much less pay attention. "Lord Hephaestus?" Percy half shouted. BANG!...BANG!...BANG! " HEPHAESTUS!" The banging of the hammer stopped and the god disappeared from under his throne and appeared in front of Percy. He was slightly deformed, his beard being semi-on fie slash tinged, and his overalls and smith apron covered in grime. Looking much like a car mechanic who walked through a volcano, and worked on a farm gave a very good picture of the god. "Percy? What do you want, I was in the middle of recalibrating my