A/N: Yes, tis I, Edward de Lioncourt. Returned from writing my novels to bring you the fourth and final installment of my saga. Forgive me for adding the last story but as I went back to read over it, I felt this story would bring more to my readers than the previous. I had to much open questions appearing in my own head! So this one just flows a lot better. Though I have successfully published Paper Flowers which is now available on Amazon and Kindle. Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tolkien creations. I do not make profit from these stories and do not claim to have created anything that J.R.R Tolkien has created, published or thought of. I do, however, own the following characters. Jessica Kristy Indi Serena Shane Summary: It's been sixteen years since the girls have been thrown back into their time, exiled from Middle Earth. What happens though when an Earthquake hits the girls, Middle Earth is once again threatened by ominous black clouds hanging over Mordor and who are Shane and Serena? Well, let's find out how I can possibly end this story without everyone in the world coming to my door and burning me alive! Gwestol Chapter One: Lithium I amar prestar aen. The world is changed. Han mathon ne nen. I feel it in the water. Han mathon ne chae. I feel it in the earth. A han noston ned 'wilith. I smell it in the air. It has been nearly sixteen years since the girls had been forced back into their own world, forsaken by Middle Earth where they believed would be their new home. Well…except for Jessica who not stood before her sister and Indi with her arms crossed and eyes narrowed dangerous on the two twitching women. "Where are they?" she hissed. "I have no idea what you are talking about," Indi muttered eyes moving to the floor, suddenly finding the wooden planks very interesting. "It was all Indi," Kristy said quickly, moving to evade the stares of both the woman as she made her way to the small kitchen of her sister's one bedroom apartment. It hadn't changed since Jessica shipped them off to college sixteen years ago when they had returned from their final battle with the King of Gondor. She smiled sadly at the memory of her sister almost at the brink of being happy. "Where are they?" Jessica hissed again, reaching out at lighting speed to snatch the tip of Indi's ear, pinching it tightly between her index and thumb. "Ouch! That hurts! Let go!" Indi shouted falling to her knees instantly in front of the only parental figure she had most of her life. "We are home!" came two sing song voices as the door was kicked open. Two bright blue eyes met the scene taking place, moving to Kristy who was motioning for the two to exit the building as quickly as possible. "Where have you been?" Jessica shouted marching over to the two twin sixteen year olds, both staring at her wide eyed, mouths gaping much to the similarity of fish out of water. "W-w-well…" they stuttered before looking to Kristy and Indi who was gathered in the corner of the kitchen to put much needed space between the oldest and themselves. "Sorry we tried," Kristy whispered. "WE? WE? There was no we. She threw me under the bus," Indi interrupted. "Shane! Serena!" Jessica yelled. "Mom!" the twins whined in defeat. "We thought you were going to be gone for the weekend. You know Aunt Kristy bought you those tickets to America for a reason right? You need a vacation!" "You do look a little tense," Kristy commented. "And those crows feet are looking pretty bad," Indi added. "No…" whispered the twins in unison. "Crows feet?" Jessica questioned through clenched teeth, turning on the two in the kitchen. Wide eyes met what could easily be described as their pending death. "Mom, you know they didn't mean it that way," Serena whispered, hand coming to rest on her shoulder. Jessica turned to look at her daughter, ring gifted from the girl's father adorning her middle finger. Eyes softened only slightly before remember the reason for her anger. "Why were you trying to get rid of me?" Jessica asked raising an eyebrow as all eyes turned to Shane. The oldest only by ten seconds, who chuckled ever so slightly while scratching the back of his head. "Well, your birthday is next week and we wanted to surprise you when you get back. You know since you spend all your time in that disgusting gun shop of yours," Serena answered with a smirk. "That disgusting gun shop paid for your school," Jessica said looking at her children in anger before turning on the two hiding in her kitchen,. "And your entire lives until now." "Yeah, yeah. And lets not forget how you saved us from evil blah blah blah," Kristy said waving her hand dismissively, turning to dig through the fridge. "From evil?" Shane asked looking at his mother. "Nothing, they were mentally ill for a short period of their life during their teenage years," Jessica answered quickly, refusing to explain the adventure the three had experienced in Middle Earth, which also caused the creation of the twins before her. "So…" Serena said while fumbling with a sheet of paper in her hands while looking at her feet. Both siblings stood a good foot taller than their mother, genes from their father. "What?" Jessica sighed moving to her kitchen table while, Indi and Kristy set about devouring the contents of her fridge with old chinese food and pizza. "I was researching the West Indies and found this man who looks a lot like us," Serena began. "It's not your father," Jessica said. "You haven't even looked at him," Shane said. "We thought it would be a good present to you for you guys to be reunited since you got separated when he got drafted into the war." "Really?" Kristy said from over the kitchen counter, looking at her sibling dully. "War?" "That's the best you could do?" Indi said, matching Kristy's bored tone. "Both of you shut up," Jessica hissed while turning toward her children. "It's not him. He wasn't sent to the West Indies." "You never really told us what war or where he was sent, mom. He really does look like us," Shane persisted, motioning to the picture that Kristy and Indi were looking at over the shoulder of their niece. "Don't you think it would be… right… for them to know about their father? Where the came from and what the possibly could inherit?" Kristy questioned with a raised eyebrow. "Don't you two have someone else to torture?" Jessica asked, narrowing her eyes at Indi. "Why are you looking at me?" Indi asked with wide eyes as she moved to sit on the couch with her take out box of Chinese food, looking around the home she grew up in. Since their return and Jessica shipped them off to college, they hardly got the chance to come back. Not since they figured out the eldest was indeed pregnant from the elven prince they left behind so long ago. "Go save an animal or something," Jessica said with a wave of her hand. Indi had become a veterinarian once she graduated, owning her own slowly growing clinic. "We are closed on Mondays," Indi answered matter-o-factly. "What about you? No, clients need a translator today?" Jessica asked, looking to Kristy. Kristy had master six languages fluently. "Nope, office is closed today as well," Kristy said with a bright smile. "Happy Birthday!" the group of four shouted with a smile. Jessica rolled her eyes with a sneer before moving toward her bedroom, the bed looking more than inviting. "Don't you think we should go out to dinner?" Kristy called after her. "No thanks," Jessica mumbled Kristy rolled her eyes before grabbing a hold of her siblings feet and pulling with all her strength. "Leave me alone!" "No, you are not moping in bed like you do every year! Get up! Let's go find you a boyfriend!" Kristy exclaimed. Suddenly a loud boom came from outside. Jessica jumped from the bed, tripping over her sister and falling face first into the floor in an attempt to look out the window. Laying on the ground just as the door flung open to slap both siblings in the face. "Mom, are you ok?" the twins called from the other side as Indi shoved her way through, teens following close behind. Jessica rolled onto her back away from Kristy clutching her nose in agony. "No!" she yelled. "How hard did you pull her off the bed?" Shane asked. "What are you talking about? She didn't even make a loud thud when she hit," Kristy commented. "We heard a bang," Serena said. "For elves you two suck," Indi said. "Elves?" Shane asked in confusion. "She is drunk," Jessica quickly reprimanded. "And an idiot," Kristy added as the ground shook harder, knocking pictures off the walls as the small family looked around in worry. "Earthquake? Earthquake! Earthquake!" Jessica began to chant jumping to her feet, ushering the confused children, sibling and friend into the bathroom. "What do you want us to do?" Indi asked staring at the bathroom begin enough to fit one person comfortably, but now they were crammed in as Jessica disappeared. Another tremor hit the apartment building, shaking it to the core, Jessica slamming things around in the other room. "I think she has lost her mind," Kristy commented. "Even I agree," Shane and Serena agreed in unison as Jessica appeared as another tremor hit, dragging the bedroom mattress behind her. "What are you doing?" Kristy exclaimed. "Get in the tub now!" Jessica ordered pulling the mattress in the bathroom, effectively blocking all exit. With little space, the four were forced to lay in the single person tub. "Jess, there is no way we are going to fit!" Kristy whined as she laid on top of her niece who was piled on top of her brother. Indi climbing onto Kristy as Jessica finished the pyramid with herself and the mattress as a shield. Almost as if perfect timing, the apartment felt as if everything lifted. Twins screaming, Kristy's muffled cries, and Indi's shrieking as everything went black. "Legolas, it's been sixteen years. My son please…try to push the pain in your heart aside and look for another," the elven King Thranduil begged following behind the Prince and only heir to the Kingdom. Since the demise of the Ring, Legolas had returned ceasing the elves of Mirkwood to sail into the west in favor for living under the rule of their strong leaders. "Father, again. I tell you, there will never be another like her. Please, leave it be. There will be no heir for Mirkwood after me," Legolas answered coming to stop at the gates of their Kingdom just as horns sounded announcing the pending guests arrival. "So you want a woman who speaks above you, dresses as a man, rides into war and abandons you without thought or care that she will be the death of you? Of our name?" Thranduil asked raising an eyebrow. "She was not above me. You did not meet or speak to her. Do not place speak falsely without knowing the subject of which you are speaking," Legolas countered with narrowed eyes. Thranduil matched his son's glare as their friends arrived upon horse back, Aragorn and Gimli watching the tension rolling off the two in waves. "Oi, Legolas!" Gimli called. "Very well allow your death comes from grief over a gender confused human!" Thranduil yelled, turning on his heel to make his way back to the castle. Aragorn stared at his best friend with wide eyes before looking to his guards that had already began to task of taking the horses to the stables. Climbing off his horse, Brego, Gimli