Hi! Thank you, Lovelybrutal for convincing me to write when you were suppose to talk me out of it! Thank you for helping me shave the extra words and fixing all my commas. I love working with you! Huge thanks to RTP4ME who helped me remember what it's like to be 18 and is always there to encourage me to write more. And last but never least, thank you Ipsita for prereading and always having my back. I love you girls! Everyone at the Falling into Autumn contest did an amazing job posting inspiration. Thank you so much for all your hard work and for including my entry. Thank you Iris for choosing this as host's pick! I'm truly honored and thrilled that you like my story. THANK YOU! There's at least a couple more chapters left for these two. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. All mistakes are mine. Shelter My Heart The cold morning air sends a chill down my spine as I step outside. Emmett takes a deep breath through his nose and smiles over his shoulder at me. "You smell that, bro?" "Smell what?" I ask as I fold my arms in an effort to keep warm. "It smells like dead leaves and dirt. My favorite time of year." He takes a deeper whiff of the air and keeps talking with a stupid grin on his face. "Football games, cheerleaders, and leggings...it doesn't get any better." It's my favorite time of year too, but I'm not admitting to myself or him that we agree on anything. The beginning of fall means all my band practice over the summer will finally pay off as I secure my spot as lead tuba this year in the marching band. Instead of sitting at home bored on Friday nights, I'll be at the game. Mom will be happier since everything is pumpkin flavored and if Mom's happy, Dad's happy. Emmett will find a cheerleader to date for the season and he'll be too busy to harass me. He's right about the leggings though. All those girls in skin-tight, sometimes see-through pants make school a lot more appealing. I push my glasses up and climb in the back of Emmett's Jeep, knowing better than to dare sit in the front seat. That's saved for whatever girl he's dating this week. "Dude, why are you sitting back there? Do I look like a fucking chauffeur?" I untangle my leg from the seat belt and sit back. "No. Aren't you picking up Rosalie?" "Rose?" Emmett shakes his head and starts the Jeep. "Nah, man. We've been over. She's with some guy named Royce now. Have you been living under a rock?" "I spent a lot of time volunteering at the animal shelter over the summer. Dad's been taking me to school early for robotics team and then I stay after for band and take the activity bus. I guess I haven't been around much." I climb over the seat and buckle myself. "Still only giving the tuba action, huh? No girl or guy in your life?" "I like girls, Emmett." I clarify. "I just haven't met anyone." I feel the heat rise in my cheeks as I lie, so I look out the window before he can notice. It's a good excuse, letting him think I'm picky about who I'll date. It isn't easy being the little brother to Mr. Popular star football player who can get whoever he wants. Me being an awkwardly tall, skinny, robot building band geek doesn't help. I love who I am but I'm not into the kind of things that get you a girlfriend like football. There are plenty of girls I've had crushes on. Angela Weber in my AP Chem class is really smart and has these perfectly long legs I dream about being wrapped around my waist. Jessica Stanley is hot and every guy knows it, and according to Mike Newton gives the best blow job of any girl at Forks High. He also says it's also the only time she shuts up. Of course I want a girlfriend to hang out and fool around with but I know it's not going to happen. Especially not with who I dream of every night - Isabella Swan, the police chief's daughter who moved back to Forks when her mom got remarried. She's only been at school since the year started, but we have a bunch of classes together and she's not only smarter than me, she's gorgeous. Isabella makes school look easy. She's that kind of intelligent but she's not cocky about it. I got stuck on a calc problem and she stopped what she was doing to help me figure out where I went wrong during study hall the other day. No one else would have bothered with me, but she did. I could watch her take notes and play with her long brown hair for the rest of my life and be perfectly happy. I'm ashamed of how often I space out watching her. She leaned over the other day and I could see her navy blue thong underwear where her pants gapped at her waist and I had to bite my lip to keep from moaning out loud. Now it's all I can think about. She seems so sweet and innocent, so then why is she wearing those panties? Aren't those the kind of things girls who sleep with my brother wear? And now in my mind she's not only this smart, sweet girl - she's living, walking, talking sex personified. I watch her chew on her pen cap and envision her mouth on me. I'm a horrible person for objectifying her this way and I know it. But I can't stop. "I'll find you a chick. We're seniors, bro. You can't be going off to college without playing hide the salami at least once," he says as though he's personally offended. "It ain't right." I turn to face him in a panic. "Really, Emmett. I'm fine. Please don't help. Please." I beg him but try not to sound overly pathetic. He's like a predator in that he'll smell my weakness and attack. "Calm down. I have practice after school too. I can ride you home and we'll talk about this some more." He pats my shoulder and sounds sincere as he says, "You think up the perfect girl and I'll help you get her." "I'm fine. Really," I say and he shrugs, as though my opinion doesn't matter. We drive the rest of the way to school in silence except for the radio blaring rap music I'm not familiar with. Once he parks, I hurry to class before all the other players gather around him and I have to socialize with them. The day goes by in a blur of nervous anticipation and obsessing over Isabella. She's wearing a short skirt with socks that go over her knees and tall leather boots. I swear between Emmett and her I'm going to go bald from pulling my hair out. Band practice feels like it's over as soon as it started as I try to find an excuse to ride the bus. It doesn't work. Emmett finds me and insists I meet him at the Jeep in five minutes. "Dude, you gotta sit in the back. I figured it'd be easier to show you how to talk to a girl, than just tell you. You know?" He winks and runs back toward the school. I hope he didn't ask some random girl to go on a date with me. Not only do I not have a clue what to do, but it wouldn't be fair to them for me to be thinking of another girl. I'm nothing like my brother who we all know loves Rose but sleeps around when they break up, which happens at least once a month. I grab my backpack, my tuba, and against my better judgment walk to the Jeep. My foot gets stuck in the belt again and I'm still bent over untangling it when I hear her voice. "Thanks again for the ride. I needed that extra time at the library to work on my paper. Have you started yours?" Bella asks like she's expecting to have a conversation about research papers. Clearly she doesn't know my brother at all. "Don't mention it. I'm glad to help." He opens the passenger door for her and helps her get in. "English isn't my best subject." "Oh! Hi, Edward." She smiles at me and I move my mouth but no words come out, only undecipherable noises leave my lips. Emmett climbs in and looks back at me with a look on his face like what the hell is wrong with you . He shakes it off, starts the Jeep, and turns his focus back to Bella. "Don't mind him. Anyhow, no. I haven't started yet. I'm not sure how to really." He's playing coy and trying to get her to feel bad for him. How pathetic. "I can help if you want. It's not like I have much of a social life or anything." She twirls a piece of her hair around her finger and looks straight ahead, like she's embarrassed for admitting she has no friends. "Seriously? I'd love the help and you're coming with me to Newton's party Friday after the game." He looks over at her and smiles his big dimple showing grin. "We'll have a blast and I'll introduce you to the fun crowd. Not the weirdos like my brother in all your smart classes." He keeps smiling and she lets out a nervous laugh. He doesn't understand that she's probably always been one of the smartest people in her class and not into the partying moronic football player crowd. "Are you two twins?" she asks Emmett, while she continues to nervously play with her hair. It's the same question everyone has. It's only because we're in the same grade though, we look and act nothing alike. Emmett is a little bit shorter than me with a very muscular build and dark curly hair. "Fuck no. I'm two years older, but with the way our birthdays fall and him", he points to me over his shoulder, "being gifted, we ended up in the same grade." "I skipped first grade and he still hates me for it," I say just loud enough for her to hear without stumbling over my words like I usually do when I'm nervous. "Dude, I never hated you because you skipped a grade." He rolls his eyes for Bella to see and tries to make me look like the overly-sensitive kid brother. The truth is Emmett was held back a year. My parents worried it would upset him if we were in the same grade so they made up some story about me being gifted and skipping a grade. I try to ignore them both and look out the window and hope she is smart enough to not fall for his crap. My stomach rolls at the thought of them being together and I break out in a sweat. I hope she ditches him Friday night and doesn't date him. I can't sit by and watch him use her. Why her? He could have chosen anyone else...anyone but her. "I have an idea! How about dinner at our place, Bella? We can get some studying in and my mom is an amazing cook." He wags his eyebrows at her and smiles, to which she giggles and nods her head yes. "That sounds nice. I'll just text my dad to let him know I'll be late. Are you sure your mom won't mind?" She asks him but looks back at me like she's making sure he isn't lying. "Of course not. Mom always cooks a ton." She cooks a lot because you eat enough for five people and she has nothing