Summary: Dr. Edward Cullen loves his wife, Bella. He loves her even more strapped to an exam table in his office full of sex toys. Welcome to medical kink at it's most intense. My two favorite good girls, Anhanninen and Kelley, requested that Edward and Bella from Saving the Doctors Cullen , explore their kinky side and this happened. Happy belated Birthday, AnHanninen! Kelley's birthday is actually today. happy Birthday, Sweetie. You're an amazing cheerleader and supporter. Love you! This story medical fetish and machine fucking - consider yourself warned :) I have to thank everyone that preread the first bit for me and assured me it wasn't cheesy. Thank you so very much Sharky, RTP4ME, and Lynzylee. Sharky also sent me every filthy doctor song on Youtube. Thanks, babe! Geekchic, also helped me research. Thank you so much! Pandorasff, thank you for being there and encouraging me. Don't forget, much like baseball, there's no crying in kink! Love you! Lovelybrutal, you never hesitate to ask me for more details, and for that I am forever thankful. Thank you for fixing my commas and helping me clear things up. Love you, October baby! Disclaimer: SM owns Twilight. No copyright infringement intended! I own my mistakes and Doctor Fetish. Playing with the Doctor Cullen "Bella. I need to see you in my office." "Now, ?" "Yes. I'm squeezing in this emergency appointment. Time is of the essence." With a wink, I grab onto each side of the stethoscope hanging around my neck, and squeeze so that my arms flex. I'm wearing my green scrubs that she likes. She says they make my eyes look most vibrant. But I know they are worn thin and show off my every muscle, especially my dick. "Thank you, doctor for finding time for me. I'm in desperate need of your expertise." I can hear the excitement and need in her voice, though she's straining to sound like her normal self. "And what expertise might that be?" "Why doctor, making me come of course," Bella says as she brushes her hand ever so lightly against my obvious erection. She saunters into my office and I close the door behind her. "Please, remove your clothing. A gown won't be provided, seeing as I need to be able to watch your body's reactions to a variety of stimuli." "I understand, Doctor." She promptly removes her blouse, slacks, and makes a point to bend at the waist as she removes her panties, giving me a perfect view of her wet and swollen pussy. "Please, get on the table, lie back, and put your feet in the stirrups like a good girl. I've added restraints so that you are safe throughout today's procedure." She moans when I mention the restraints. She's been asking for them for awhile, and I aim to please. I gently place her hands in the cuffs at her sides and fasten them tight, before moving onto her feet. I added straps there also, so she can't close her legs. The human body is capable of so much more pleasure than we typically allow it to have. Men back off, women close their legs, but what if instead we moved forward, fucked harder, spread her wide and didn't stop? That's what tonight is about. I'm going to machine fuck her and see exactly what she can do and when she's done - spent and unable to move, I'm going to take my turn. She bites on her lip as I put my gloves on, snapping each one against my wrist as I pull them tight. "I'm going to begin by checking you, Bella. I need to be sure you are ready for treatment." I run my gloved finger across her clit, through her folds, and then hold it up to the light for inspection. "Such a perfect patient. Do you see how wet you are? I don't even need lube." "Only for you, doctor," she nearly moans. "Only for me? What about for my equipment? Will you stay so wet and ready?" "Yes, doctor." Her ankles pull against the restraints as she tries to rub her legs together. Her breasts heave as her breathing races from anticipation. My hardened dick holds her gaze. I walk next to the table and smile as she struggles to reach her fingers mere inches to stroke me, and can't. "Bella, dear, are you ready to start?" "Yes." "Yes?" "Yes, . Please." "Mmm. That's my good girl." I reward her by circling her clit with my thumb and inserting two fingers into her. Her hips lift up off the table and she gasps. I curl my fingers up and watch them slide in and out. The faster I can get her to come, the faster we can move forward. I need her open and ready. I use the hand that's not inside her to put small metal clamps on each of her nipples and notice that the paper under her ass now has a wet spot. Using my free hand again, I rub the spot just below her pussy, until my glove is wet enough to insert my index finger into her ass. I add a third finger to her pussy and move both my hands in rhythm. The bounce of her tits is my best measure of how hard to push into her. Too hard and their movements become quite abrupt. I prefer them undulating at a notable but consistent pace. I get them just right and her legs start to tremble at my sides. The desire to replace my hands with my cock is immeasurable. It hardens at the thought and throbs. I need to come soon so that I can focus on her better. She comes hard on my fingers and releases the most glorious sound of bone deep relief. I can't allow her to relax though, even if it's for me to get off. I hurry up and replace my fingers with my most useful toy, a contraction monitoring vibrator. I'm able to adjust the intensity of vibration and it can be used both anally and vaginally. It's wired into my laptop, letting me never lose count of her orgasms. "Bella. I need you to be a good patient and watch me." I step up on the foot stool at the end of the exam table, pull my scrubs pants down, and use my hand that was in her pussy to grab my cock. I stroke as hard and fast as I can while she watches, open mouthed. She runs her tongue along her lips in a circle over and over, showing me that she'd much rather my dick be in her mouth. Bella stares at my cock and flicks her tongue up and down, willing me to give it to her. That sends me over the edge and I come in three long spurts onto her clit. I watch her chest flush and toes curl as her second orgasm crashes over her. I step down while pulling my scrubs back on. I rub her hips as I kiss her inner thighs to hear her whimper, before moving the vibrator to her ass and adjusting the setting to low. I throw away my gloves, put a fresh pair on, and get in place behind our favorite piece of equipment, the fucking machine. It's designed to replicate the thrusting of a penis. Any dildo or vibrator can be attached and I am able to control, and even preset, the speed and depth through a simple computer program. The angle and height are also adjustable so that Bella can be in any position. We found for the sitting position though, our saddle machine works best. Our collection started with a couple of vibrators and became a home office equipped with every vibrator, dildo, stimulator, and body positioner. My need to research everything completely started to get in the way of our sex life. I wanted to make notations all the time, but didn't know how to approach the subject. What position did she come hardest in, what it took to give her multiple orgasms, was there a certain pattern...so many questions. My own need to come also posed a problem. I knew what it would take to get her the fourth or fifth orgasm she was chasing, but couldn't hold off long enough. I was becoming distracted and Bella demanded answers. She thought I was somehow unfulfilled, which is simply impossible. I wanted to give her everything she was capable of and yearned for. It turned out she had been experimenting on her own with vibrators, but was hesitant to tell me what she needed. Such a weight was lifted off our shoulders. Being open and honest gave us the most incredible freedom to explore. She let me use a chart to keep notes and asked in return that I let her call me doctor and wear scrubs. We spent that entire first weekend in bed, with a handful of vibrators, and box full of batteries. We decided then that we would need an 'office', seeing as we didn't want our bedroom to always reek of lube and sex, or have toys misplaced around the house. It took us years to get to the point we're at now, and with me being able to preset and record much of the data, I'm more free to join her than ever before. I already lubed the dildo and checked the connection with the laptop before calling Bella into our office, so I don't waste any time lining her up with the machine. I watch as the dildo enters her vagina about an inch and I'm extra thankful I took care of myself once already. "Are you ready, Love?" "Yes. Please, Doctor. Don't make me wait." She sounds so desperate and needy right now. My hope for her is that the feeling lasts. "Never, Bella. I'd never make you wait to come." I put the brakes on the machine and press the start button on the laptop. She sighs in relief and her body relaxes into the table. The machine strokes are set to start out slow and not very deep. Once she comes a couple more times I'll speed it up, but I've learned she can last much longer if she starts slow. I watch the monitor and look over her to be sure everything is going as it should. Her fingers are curled and her forearms are taunt, which is certainly not normal for her, and I'm instantly concerned. "Is there a problem, Bella?" She lets out a frustrated grunt and shakes her head back and forth. "You need to be a good patient or I'll have to stop treating you. Why are your hands so tense? Are you not enjoying the restraints?" I brush my gloved fingers around her wrists, to make sure they aren't too tight and her body quakes at my touch. She takes a big breath and says in a whisper, "I can't touch myself. Anywhere." "I see. Well then, you need to leave that to me. You are in my care, after all, and you came to me for treatment, correct?" "Yes, Doctor." Her voice shakes in fear that I'd deprive her of something she wants. Ridiculousness. I ease her fears by standing directly behind her head and running my fingertips under the restraints, then up her arms in unison. I caress her neck, her jaw, and run my thumb over her bottom lip, so she opens her mouth. "Be a good girl, and let me hear you." She obeys by letting a sigh escape her lungs. By watching her chest heave and hips move, I know she's close. I leave my thumb on her lip and use my other hand to brush my fingers down the center of her sternum, just missing both breasts. I want so badly to kiss her with abandon and feel the weight of her tits in my hands, but holding