Thank you Jeanie and Meg for letting me be a part of FFMH and for all your hard work. It is very much appreciated. Ipsita, Myheroin, and RTP4ME were kind enough to preread, thank you ladies! The lovely Mel beta'd for me even though it took me forever to write! Thanks for squeezing me in, dearest! Twilight belongs to SM. All mistakes are mine. Summary: Sweet mechanic Edward and Bella just got married. Grandma is watching the boys. This is a little glimpse into their honeymoon. Edward leans over the center console of his truck and pulls Bella into a kiss as soon as she shuts the door. It isn't soft and sweet like it was in front of their families at the church. It's need filled and demanding. Wiping the corners of his mouth as he pulls back, he winks at her and starts to drive them home. "My dad was insisting you wanted his help moving us this weekend, but I assured him we're fine. Can you believe he was trying to come move boxes right now?" Bella asks as she unpins the veil from her hair. Edward starts to chuckle. "That'd be my fault, sorry. I told everyone I was in a hurry to get us moved this evening so that we wouldn't have to suffer in the heat tomorrow." "We live in Texas. Is it ever not hot?" "Not really, but they fell for it all the same." Edward shrugs and grabs her hand. "So, why do they think we are?" "Because we've waited long enough and I couldn't think of a polite way to tell your dad I couldn't wait to have sex with you any longer." "Oh, thank God! You had me scared for a minute. Moving boxes instead of making love to my husband sounded like torture," she says seductively as she leans over and places her hand on his thigh. Edward takes her hand in his, kisses her palm, and steps on the gas pedal, knowing the chief was busy with the boys and not out trying to give speeding tickets. Esme had asked Bella for permission to talk to Sue about watching the boys for the weekend. She didn't want to overstep her bounds, but she wanted to make sure the new couple had some time alone. If Bella's family wasn't going to step up, Esme would happily do it herself. Thankfully, Charlie and Sue were excited to have the boys. Sue was so happy that her grandsons were finally part of a family that loved them, she was able to overlook some of her own pain. As Edward puts the truck into park, Bella opens her door and hops out. "Hold up! Aren't I supposed to carry you?" Edward asks with a smile as he gets out of the truck as fast as he can. Bella rolls her eyes and walks to the door. "You're sweet but I'd rather you not throw your back out carrying me." She bites her lip and blushes, unsure of how forward she should be. "We'll find other ways to do that." Edward doesn't hesitate but goes right to her and picks her up by her legs, forcing her to wrap her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist. He pushes her up against the front door and kisses her neck as he fumbles with the lock, while she insists that he put her down. Once inside, he carries her to the bedroom, pausing only to brace her against the wall and kiss her until she stops protesting. "Shouldn't we take a minute to freshen up? I was thinking I could get a shower to get this hairspray out and…" "No staling. We'll get a shower soon enough," he says, impatience and desire clear in his voice. He enters their room, lays her in the middle of the bed, and smirks at her as he lifts her dress. The light layers of chiffon easily move out of his way and reveal her soft pale legs and white lace covering her. With soft kisses and slow drags of his tongue, he makes his way up her inner thighs to the edge of her panties. He pauses and uses his hands to spread her legs further apart. Bella doesn't hesitate in opening herself to him. She has never felt so sexy in all her life and wants this as much as he does. Tracing the lace he lightly licks the very edge and is rewarded with her breaths becoming heavier. His breath warms her more than she thought possible and she blushes as she feels herself getting wetter with every touch. Her hips rise of the bed as he finally licks just where she wants him most. Edward finally uses more than his mouth and pulls the fabric to the side. Her legs shake as the cool air hits her and he presses her clit with his thumb making her sigh in relief. They had agreed to wait for today, knowing that once they started they'd never be able to stop. They were right. Edward gently slides one finger in and quickly follows it with a second, and relaxes knowing that she is ready and not nervous as he feared. He replaces his thumb with his tongue and reaches up to feel her breasts which are still covered by the lace of her dress and her bra. Bella is eager for his touch and leans up to unzip her dress. She can't reach, and with a huff she pulls her dress to the side and shoves her bra down for him. He kneads her breast and moans against her, overcome with lust. To her surprise and embarrassment, Bella stops the fight within herself to hold back. She props herself up on her elbows and moves the layers of her dress to the side to watch Edward pleasure her. She watches as he moves against her and reaches down to run her fingers through his hair. In response, he quickens the pace of his fingers and increases the pressure of his tongue against her. He teases one nipple and then the other, keeping them both pebbled and extra sensitive. Without thinking, she pulls him against herself and begins moving her hips. Edward groans and adds a third finger. He feels her tightening around him and sucks her clit into his mouth. As her legs start to shake, he curls his fingers up and listens to her 'oh' and 'ah'. He moves so he can watch her, but she closes her eyes and blushes, though she can't stop moving against his hand. "Hey, there's no room for being shy here. Open your eyes and let me watch you come," he says before moving back to kiss and lick her again. She lets go of his hair and moves her hand to his jaw to feel just what he's doing to her. Letting the part of herself that's worried he cares about the fat on her thighs or size of her waist, fall away she focuses on him alone. She focuses on his determination and want that is clear in his hands and mouth. Just as he pushes her over the edge she opens her eyes and guides him to look at her. He feels her clench around his fingers and watches as her head falls back and her chest blooms in a perfect blush. He brings her through until she becomes too sensitive and backs away from his touch, but wastes no time in sitting her up and unzipping her dress. Once it and her bra are off, Bella turns to Edward and unbuttons his shirt and he fondles her chest. She quickly moves on to his pants and helps him out of them and his boxers. He stops her from dropping to her knees and instead has her lie in bed with him. She pushes him onto his back and takes him in her hand, figuring it is only fair since he got to explore her already. With gentle but firm grip she strokes him. "If you keep that up, I'm going to come before I even get inside you," Edward says in a tight strained whisper. "Good. We have all night," Bella says as she thumbs the head of his dick to spread the pre-cum already gathered there. She squeezes him tighter and moves to wrap her lips around him. She pushes her hair over her shoulder with her free hand to give him a better view but doesn't stop. She's empowered by his love for her and wants him to watch. Never did she think of herself as sexy —only a means to an end for the few guys she'd been with. They never looked at her with hunger in their eyes like Edward does. They never cared if she orgasmed or if she even liked it. They would have gladly sat on the bed and pushed her to her knees, but not Edward. No. He wanted all of her in any way he could have her and she felt it. "Ahh, so good," Edward says as he sits up and watches her suck him into her mouth. He plays with her still hardened nipples and grabs her ass. "You're the sexist woman alive." It doesn't take long before he can't control the urge to thrust up. He moves with her and she takes him as deep as she can, using her hand over the rest of his length. Placing his hand over the lace between her legs, he starts to rub her again. Her moans around him go straight to his core and he can't hold back. "Move. I'm so close." Instead of moving, Bella spreads her legs apart further and sucks his cock harder, making it clear that she wants this. She looks over at him when he stills and continues stroking him with her tongue and bobbing her head. Their eyes meet again and he watches as she swallows all he gives and then licks every last drop until he's shuddering beneath her. "Amazing. That was amazing. You didn't have to..." "Shut up. Just shut up. I wanted to," Bella says as she lays next to him and traces her fingers through the smattering of hair on his chest. "Can we shower now?" "Only if you promise round two immediately after," Edward says and he kisses from her ear to her shoulder. "What about during?" Bella asks with a sigh. "Or now? Do we have to stop?" Her eagerness makes him wish he was seventeen again. "He needs a few minutes, but that doesn't mean I can't make you scream my name and test out the shower acoustics." Edward pulls Bella up to stand with him. They walk hand-in-hand to the bathroom where he starts the shower. "How hot?" "As hot as you can stand," Bella says with a seductive grin. "Yeah? Are you out to push every limit this weekend?" he asks as he reaches for her waist and pulls her close. "Absolutely," she says as their lips meet in a kiss. Edward pulls the shower door open further and lets her get in first. The sight of her head tilted back as water drenches her hair and runs down her body makes him shiver. He wants to pin her to the shower wall and listen to their bodies smack together. But most of all he wants to trace each droplet's path with his tongue. He wants to taste every inch of her wet skin, and so he does. He shuts the glass door and dips his head to suck her nipple into his mouth while pinching the other. Bella simply tilts her head back further and her chest into him, showing him that she wants it as much as he does. Edward wastes no time reaching between her legs and circling her clit with his fingers as he kisses up her sternum and neck. He traces the shell