A story of a bartender, the guy she watched play music, and their unraveling. She's a loner and he's only living for himself - music brings them together. Disclaimer: The author does not own any of the publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. I don't own the characters, quotes, or lyrics! Only the mistakes are mine. Set list is at the bottom for those interested. Thank you to the host, validators, banner makers, and judges of the Bandward contest for making it so much fun! I appreciate all the time and effort you put into it! Thank you to everyone who read, voted, favorited, and followed the contest entries! There wouldn't be a contest without you! Thanks! Pandorasff, thank you for reading this even when I didn't know how it would end and you didn't want to. Thank You for letting me follow my heart and always supporting me! RTP4ME, your support and encouragement means the world to me! Thank you for prereading and brainstorming songs with me. We definitely need to do this again :) Last, but never least, thank you Lovelybrutal! You helped me to work through it and made me listen to my characters even when I didn't want to. You find my comma errors and push me to be better. I can never thank you enough! And the all-cap-swearing-comments make this whole writing thing sooo worth it! I've never cherished a FUCK YOU more. His Muse She's watched him, from behind the bar, the second Saturday night of every month. He doesn't get any special favors, and not a soul alive knows she'd give anything to have him play her like he does his guitar. His performance was always perfect, not a note was skipped or sang out of tune. His talent was clear to everyone who heard him sing, but she could see what they all missed - he lacked soul. Sex dripped off him the way he held the neck of his guitar with his long skilled fingers, moved his hips, and sang into the microphone - it made every girl there want him. Even those who were already with someone thought about getting him alone and seeing if he gave it as well as he looked like he would. But the pretty boy lead singer had never felt pain, sorrow, longing - any of the emotions that yield the best songs. To sing of a love lost without ever knowing true love, simply doesn't work. His heart wasn't in it and his ego did little to make up for it. The first time she heard his deep-smoker-raspy-sexy voice sing Crazy Love, her heart thumped so hard it scared her. Looking up to see this guy with messy long auburn hair and a chiseled jaw, made her long to feel his body along hers and show him what love really was. She seen him smile at a girl in the crowd; he was obviously singing to get laid and knew what songs to use. The twenty-something that she was serving broke her reverie however when she said, "Oh! This must be an original song of his. I've never heard it before." With a scoff, Iz informed her, "That's Van Morrison, honey. Don't ask me who that is either. Go," she said waving her arm at the girl as someone would chase away flea infested dog. "Run along and Google it before I lose my shit." "No threatening the paying customers, Iz," said Jake, the owner of the bar with a smile. "She thought this was Mr. Hot-stuff Douchebag's original song! You don't need those kinds of customers." "I don't care if they think he wrote fucking Stairway to Heaven. And no insulting the band either. They keep this place packed and us selling booze." Jake had to wonder why she cared so much. She made it clear what bands she liked and disliked but never quite like this. "Whatever. I'm heading down to the coolers to stock-up." "Leah's bar backing tonight, tell her what you're low on. I need you serving." Something had her frazzled and he couldn't help but wonder if it was Mr. Hot-stuff. Iz never showed any physical attraction to men or women; even her clothing was androgynous. Her long brown hair was parted far to the left, with the right side braided back in cornrows. She favored loose fitting jeans worn with button down collared shirts and sleeveless tanks underneath. Doc Martens of one color or another were always on her feet, and she was never seen without her eyeliner done in perfect thin black lines, making everyone wonder if it was tattooed on. There was a heart made of words inked between her breasts that could be seen when she'd lean out far across the bar to reach a customer but neither Jake, nor anyone else had any idea what it said. They didn't know of the words that graced her spine or ribs. Or the bars that ran through her nipples. The focus of Iz's desire and irritation was her complete opposite. Edward was a ladies' man. They'd all seen and heard his weekly female conquests. His tattoos were there for show, chosen out of a book or off the wall. Classic americana ink of sparrows, skulls, pinups and anchors, colored in the pale skin of his arms and chest. His hair was kept in perfect disarray by products purchased at high end salons. He wore fake vintage t-shirts custom tailored to show off his thin but muscular physique with jeans and that sat perfectly on his narrow hips. Edward was bored and called for a short break. He motioned for the girl he'd eyed in the crowd to come around the stage and led her out the side door into the back parking lot. "Hey, what's your name?" Edward asked as he placed his hand on her lower back to usher her behind a car. Rubbing his thumb in slow circles on her spine he got her to relax. "It's Jessica. And I already know you're Edward." She smiled, turned to face him, and laid her hands on his chest. She'd been coming to his shows for months in hopes of getting him alone. He moved his hands to her ass and smiled back. "You're fucking gorgeous. How about you give me head now and after the show I'll rock your little world?" The girl looked around them, down at the gravel, and asked, "Here?" "Yeah, babe. Right here." He leaned against the wall, undid his belt and pulled out his dick. He held her by the back of the head and shoved his tongue into her mouth before slowly pushing her onto her knees. Jessica hesitated, but the liquor and weed pulsing through her system helped her ditch all inhibition. She found him so attractive and when he sang he made her wet with desire. Thoughts of him asking her to be his, if she was good enough at getting him off, sprung her into action. She slowly licked his precum away but he had no interest in going slow. He used his thumb to open her lips wider and then to hold her jaw steady as he fucked her mouth. He came in minutes without warning, leaving Jessica choking at his feet as he fastened his pants. She stood up slowly and thought maybe she was so good that it took him by surprise. He saw that she was trying to kiss him but he had no desire to know what his dick tasted like. "Not happening, babe. I'll catch you after the show." He slapped her ass and went back inside. The whole interaction was so short, the guys thought he'd been taking a leak. Singing the same shit every weekend and getting head from the same broads was getting old. It reminded him of the boredom he felt as a young kid. His mom heard him singing along to a cartoon and thought he had a beautiful voice. She took him to their church's choir director, who confirmed that he was quite talented for a boy of only eight. Aro took him under his wing, taught him to read music and polished his sound. In a year's time, Edward was singing for churches nearly every week. There was no time for sports, playing, and barely time for school work. He was doing the Lord's work, bringing people to their knees with his voice. According to Aro, Edward's singing could "turn a sinner to a saint and lead a lost flock back to its shepherd." The attention was fun at first, but singing the same stuff all the time was boring. He was nearly a celebrity at ten years old. He got all the attention he could ever want, and he lived for it. But as people started to ask him about his faith and say how God had blessed him with a gift, Edward retreated. He didn't care about God; he was the talented one, he gave up playing baseball and having friends, people came to hear him . He wasn't taking the backseat to anyone, and certainly not someone he didn't even believe in. He started listening to the radio more and memorizing the songs he heard. He found that singing the newest pop songs at school made all the girls want to date him, which in turn made all the guys want to hang out with him. By thirteen, he had stopped all associations with Aro and was busy seeing how fast he could round the bases with the girls he dated. Carlisle and Esme Cullen, his parents, were sure it was just a phase, an adolescent rebellion. They were wrong. By day, he sang for commercials and cartoons - anything to make a buck. He joined Crunching Vinyl, an alternative rock cover band, to always know the high of playing for a crowd and being boy who once sang for God now only sang for himself, and never looked back to see their broken hearts. Edward shook off the memories of his past and rejoined the guys on stage and started singing Audioslave's, I am the Highway. He sang it lower than Cornell and removed all inflection. I am not your rolling wheels - I am the highway I am not your carpet ride - I am the sky I am not your autumn moon - I am the night As he sang, it was clear that, for once, he believed it. It took on a creepy-sinister tone and it was obvious he thought he needed no one but himself and could care less about anyone else. "Edward, you sang shit not on the set list twice tonight. What the fuck are you doing?" Ben, the band's drummer asked, as soon as he finished the song. Edward's forehead wrinkled in disbelief of what he was hearing. "I'm doing what I want. No one is here to listen you fuckers play, they're here for me," he said, without trying to hide the disgust in his voice. "Hey, asshole," Mike the guitarist chimed in. "They're here for the music. No one wants to hear all acoustic versions of the shit we play." The crowd stood there, watching the band's demise. They heard what an ass the front man was being and felt pity for the rest of them. But like a car wreck, they couldn't look away. Angela, Ben's girlfriend, walked onto the stage in an attempt to quiet them down and get them back to playing. Edward chuckled when he seen her approach and decided he'd had enough. "Hey, I remember you. Or should I say I remember those lips around my dick while I held your glasses." Ben stood up, knocking his stool over and lunged for Edward's throat. "Don't talk about her like that! You're thinking of someone else!" "No. I'm not. It was last weekend. You passed out next to me and your girl thought