Masen Boys Pen Name: Jdifrans1 Rating: M Genre: Romance/Humor Word Count: 5,550 Pairing: Edward/Bella, Emmett/Rose Summary: Is there anything better than watching three hot guys building a block foundation? Bella and Rose don't think so - that is until drinks after work lead them to meet the Masens face to face. Disclaimer: SM owns all things Twilight. A/N: This started when PandorasFF told me I had to write Brickward after I seen a ridiclous ad for a mason. So thank you Ashley for forcing me to write and demanding more. For always being there and for being you! Kelley is my pre-reader extraordinaire. She never fails to encourage me and make me smile. Thank you, my favorite Cheerleader! The wonderful and all things awesome, Lovelybrutal beta'd this for me. She's fixes my splices and asks all the important questions. Thank you, Love! I never could have done this without you. You've given me confidence and sooo much love. Xoxo To my readers thank you! Every favorite, follow, and review is treasured! And a big thanks to the Ruggeddom contest for including my entry. . . . ****Only this chapter flips between Edward and Bella POV all others one or the other. No rehashing :)*** BPOV I wake up to ringing. I realize it's my phone, cough the sleep sound out of my throat and say hello. "Bella, get your ass over here. Now." She's way too demanding in the morning. "Good morning to you too, Rose. What time is it?" "Sorry! Good morning sunshine, this is your 7:30, come see what real men look like, wake up call." "Hey, I may be single but I don't need reminded this early, or without coffee first." I rub my face and start to sit up. "You should take lessons from Renee, she wakes me up with promises of caffeine and food." "Yeah, I'm not your mother. There are hot boys outside working on the neighbor's house. Cargo shorts, work boots, flannels with the sleeves rolled up over t-shirts - this is what dreams are made of, girl. It's going to be hot today. I don't see these layers lasting much longer." "I'm on my way." I jump out of bed, get ready, and yell goodbye to my mother on my way out the front door. Ol' Red starts right up and I give her hell all the way across town. I knock once on Rose's door and it flies open. I'm greeted with "Where have you been?" I step past her, and into the kitchen in hopes of finding coffee. "Sorry, Rose, showers and shaving are kind of necessary. I got here in a half hour. More importantly, where are these hot boys I'm breaking world records in speed showering to see ?" "You can watch out the dining room window." She points at it like we haven't been snooping on the neighbors out that window since she moved in. "I've always hated having neighbors in my backyard and was pissed when I heard they were adding on. The hunk of a man out there has made it all worth it, though." She pushes the curtain to the side and I swear I can hear Disney songs in the background, as she stares longingly across the yard. "The big one is mine, like, I'll claw your eyes out, whoop your ass, mine. Got it?" "Got it." I nod. I take a peek out the window and there they are. Three guys working on a block foundation. Worn in ball caps, plaid flannels over green shirts, tan calf muscles on display. Immediately I make plans to live with Rose until the project is complete. . . . EPOV "Why did I agree to be the helper today?" "You, my dear Eddie Boy, are the youngest and will always be the bitch before me or Jasper. I suggest you man the fuck up and quit whining." "I'm not whining. You know your old ass couldn't do the job. Carrying, mixing, doing all the leg work, hell you'd give up before noon." "Whatever, shit for brains, quit giving the apprentices a hard time and you'll be back to layin'." Emmett has a point, but I'm never going to admit my brother might be right. "When dad stops hiring all these stupid lazy bastards, I'll shut up. It's painful how fucking slow they are." As the words leave my mouth I hear dad's foot steps. Fuck! "So now I can't hire decent workers? I employ your three dumb asses don't I? Do you bitch about me all day or just when I'm on the job?" My father is the sneakiest man alive - I never hear him until it's too late. I mumble a quick sorry and head over to cut block. The saw is loud enough that I can barely hear them talking about me. I know I can be a moody asshole. Most days I manage to not bring my personal shit to work, but my recent failures with women are messing with my head. Tanya, still knelt between my legs after giving me an awesome fucking blow job, told my cock she would miss it most of all. When I told her I loved her and wasn't leaving, she laughed. Even though I was fun to play with, she needed a real man to marry, not some blue collar nobody. Turns out Tanya had also been fucking her boss and had finally convinced the doctor to leave his wife. After Tanya was Kate. We dated for a few months before she let all her needs be known. Kate liked it rough- slap my ass, pull my hair, bite me till I bleed- rough. I was down for just about anything until she wanted me to choke her. I simply couldn't do it. It ended with her screaming for me to choke her already and then me yelling for her get her crazy ass out of my house. It wasn't pretty. I've stopped going out, and started avoiding the opposite sex as much as possible. My dad and brothers know something is up but don't know what to say. Emmett tried to buy me a hooker and Jazz wants me to see a therapist. I know they are worried but I just need some time. Well to be honest, some time and a woman who isn't a gold digger or into being hurt. I don't think that's asking for too much. "Hey, Eddie, get your head outta your ass. Em needs more block!" "I'm on it." "Yeah. You're on it. On a fuckin' cloud day dreaming. You're better than this son. Get laid, get drunk, just get your shit together. Hear me?" "I hear you dad. Sorry, I won't bring it to work. I'll get straightened out." "Good. I'll be back later." Dad's truck is just pulling out of the driveway and I hear Emmett yell, "Drinks tonight with Eddie Boy. Don't say no, we'll just show up and drag you." Him and Jasper are grinning like a fools, so I nod my head in acceptance and get back to work. . . . BPOV By nine, the flannels have all been thrown aside, revealing t-shirts that already have the sleeves cut off. Hello shoulders and biceps! "Does that shirt say 'for a good lay call me'?" "No honey, are you welding without a helmet again?" Rose looks at me like a kid that stole candy. "It says 'For a Good Lay Call Masen's' and a phone number." "Girl, you better write that shit down. You know we both need to get some. Hell, after Jake the Tiny Snake and Royce Little Thing King, we deserve a good lay." We make faces like we sucked on lemons. "Don't say those names in my house, or remind me of our lowest points ever again. Those boys were buff and gorgeous, we should have known they were on steroids." Frowning and shaking her head, she starts to laugh, "I really thought the dick shrinking thing was just something they told guys in health class so they wouldn't do drugs. I was SO wrong." I shake my head along with her and giggle. The only thing worse than reaching into a guy's drawers and pulling out a penis smaller than your index finger, is finding out his personality is even smaller. We look back out the window lost in our own thoughts. "We need to do something so we don't look like creeps, staring at their fine asses all day." I say this as I nearly start to drool over the men in front of me. Rose has claimed the "big one" which is fine by me. I want the tall one with the blue ball cap . He's slim but I can see the muscles in his calves and arms working as he carries blocks. He stops to drink Gatorade and I groan out loud when he uses his forearm to wipe his mouth. "Um, sure we should, but then I would have to move and I don't wanna, Bella. Please don't make me." Rose rests her chin in her hand and I laugh as her eyes go wide. Big guy just bent over, again, good lord he has a nice ass. "Do you have a garden?" Rose whips her head to look at me. "No. I need one, though. If it means I can go outside and be closer to my man." We both laugh and leave our post in search of garden tools. "Rose, how do you not have gardening gloves?" "I don't garden, duh! We're always working at the shop and outside is gross. I have mechanic's gloves, but I'm not getting dirt on them. Do you have any idea what dirt would do to an engine?" "Speaking of the shop, when are we going in today? I have that '32 Ford chassis to finish up. How long you got left on Newton's small block?" "Only a few hours. I need to run it in during the day though, the neighbors two blocks away will hear this one." Rose wags her eyebrows at me as her smile grows. "Definitely during the day! We don't need another visit from my dad." That was awful. Rose decided to start up an old Chevy II gasser she'd finished at one in the morning. Neighbors a block over from the shop called the cops to complain about the noise and their pictures rattling. My dad, the Chief of Police, showed up pissed off threatening to fine us, yelling about being responsible adults and business owners. She damn near did a victory dance she was so excited to learn what her motor could do. We love owning our own business and the freedom to work on what we want, when we want. I&R Auto has made quite a name for itself in the world of custom cars. Everyone told us two broads couldn't do it, then one car we did was the feature in Hot Rod magazine and the phone hasn't stopped ringing since. "I'll make you a deal, Rose. I have my laptop in the truck, help me with paperwork until the boys are done working. Then we can get our work done this evening and you can wake up the neighbors tomorrow." "Ugh, I hate paperwork." She stomps her foot and pouts as I give her my best bitch brow. She blows air through her nose like a bull, as if I care that she likes to act like a diva. "I'll agree to it if we can stop for wings and beer after we finish up tonight." "Deal!" I go to get the files and hear her mumbling about stupid paperwork and needing a fucking secretary for this bullshit. Some things just never change. . . . EPOV All day I have that odd feeling of being watched. Old Lady Cope has ogled us every time she brought us drinks and snacks, but I don't