Just in time for Christmas! I know. I really need to be updating my other story, and I promise I will. But for the first time, I've been inspired to write a little Christmas story with my favorite characters. I hope you like it! This will be a two-shot, something I've never written before, so I hope I do okay. Enjoy! Christmas Spirit The first sign of Christmas is the stock crews pulling the decorations out of boxes from all over the shopping center where I work. Capitol Park Mall is the largest is Panem and boasts the nicest staff in the area, and when it's time for the holidays, we're expected to be twice as chipper than usual. It's the chipper part I always have a problem with. Don't get me wrong. I love Christmas. The music, the decorations, the presents, and most importantly, the time off I get to be with my family and friends. It all makes grinning and bearing it easier when I'm not in the mood to handle disgruntled customers on a rampage. We don't get a lot of those at Capitol Books, but I've had my fair share when the close strikes midnight on November 1. Yes, we decorate for Christmas two months early. Some stores outside of Capitol Park don't even wait for midnight. They have their boxes of tinsel and lights ready to go as soon as they close the night before. This is something I think is overdoing it a little, but it's not like there's a better time to do it. When the mall closes for the night, it's the only time when customers won't be demanding time from stocking the shelves. I'm one of the few employees in Capitol Books who don't take other holidays off besides Thanksgiving and Christmas, for the sole purpose of taking those days off. And I'm always the first in line to sign up when I can. The downside of that is that I'm expected back to work bright and early the day after Christmas to make up for it. Our sale the day after Christmas is the biggest of the year, and I've been working it for three years now. It's a nightmare. "You better get that scowl off your face, brainless," Johanna Mason chides as we work the Customer Service desk. "Our fearless leader is supposed to visit today." I sigh when she says this, trying to force a smile on my face. We have two managers who operate the store through its day to day happenings, but twice a year, in June and December, the store's owner come to visit us and see how we're doing. It's just December 1 today. He doesn't usually come until closer to Christmas. Our managers, Haymitch Abernathy and Effie Trinket, are probably two of the most mismatched people in the entire history of Capitol Park, but somehow, we're able to pull in some of the highest sales in the mall every year at this time. Johanna says it's because someone in the store is bribing people to come in and shop here. She's always thinking there are ulterior motives behind a lot of the good stuff happening here. We've been working together for all three of the years I've been here. I guess you could say I'm accustomed to her by now. "What about the scowl on your face?" I counter to her warning. "I'm not as pretty as you," she explains. Pursing my lips, I go back to categorizing the books in front of me, not agreeing and disagreeing, but I make a mental note to remind her of this later. "Ma'am?" The tiny voice draws me around to a girl on the other side of the counter. She looks about nine, with brown curly hair, big brown eyes and an innocent smile on her dark brown face. "Can you help me and my brother?" The smile on my own face appears more naturally than usual. "Of course I can, honey. What do you need help with today?" "We're looking for a book in the children's section, but we can't find it." "What book are you looking for?" "Beautiful Bears in Winter." I recognize the name immediately, because it's the newest book my best friend Gale's mother Hazelle has released. I also know we should have an entire stand of the latest book in the special offers section of the store. "Well, I just happen to know we have a brand new stock of that book," I say, still smiling. "It's just over that way. Let's go collect your brother first." She laughs softly as I leave customer service desk, and I step around to where she is. "What's your name, sweetie?" I ask gently. "Rue." "Well, Rue, it's nice to meet you. I'm Katniss." I reach for her hand, and she slips hers into mine as we move toward the children's section. As our store is one of the largest in the mall, Rue and I have to weave through a bit before we reach the Children's section. We haven't reached our peak of the day quite yet, but this part of the store is almost always busy because a lot of parents are able to leave their kids with us while they do their shopping. This is especially true during the holidays. Our attendant back here, Annie Cresta, is really good with most of the kids and has a story time hour set aside just after lunch. "So how long have you been reading Hazelle Hawthorne's books?" I ask Rue as we walk. "Only about a year," she admits, then adds, "but as soon as I read the first one in the library, we went out and bought every book there was. This will be the first one I've read when it's come out." "I like do that too," I say and smile at her as she smiles up at me. The Children's section is the only part of the store completely laden with garland, tinsel and fake snow that compliments the Christmas music playing of the PA system. It's also the only part that was devoid of decorations one night and gleaming with red and green the very next morning. This year, the boys doing the trimming seem to have gone all out. "So did your brother buy you the books for Christmas last year?" I ask Rue, entering the Children's section and following her to the young reader shelves. "Yeah, both my brothers did, and my parents chipped in. There he is," she exclaims and pulls me closer. We miss a kid here and a store associate dressed as an elf before arriving at Rue's destination, where she shouts cheerfully. "I found a lady to help us!" Currently leaned over the shelves in deep thought, a stocky, casually dressed, blond haired, blue-eyed young man looks over at us. For a split second, I'm speechless. Then Rue speaks again. "This is Katniss," she tells him, giggling. Then she looks up at me. "This is my brother, Peeta." His smile is warm as he straightens and extends his hand to me. "Katniss," he says and nods. "It's nice to meet you." I meet him halfway, surprised by the strength in his hand. "It's very nice to meet you too, Peeta." We stand there with our hands together for probably a couple seconds before Rue shakes his arm. "So Katniss knows where they have more books," she says, and we both look at her. It takes me another second to compose myself. "Yes, I do," I agree and look at Peeta again. "It's just this way." Blood blooms across my cheeks as I blush, but I try not to look too embarrassed even if it's pretty much impossible as this point. I lead Rue and Peeta to the middle of the store where most of our special offers are set up, and her face lights up as soon as we're within sight of the table where Hazelle's book is waiting. Rue has the book in her little hands almost as soon as we arrived, flipping it open and then turning it over to look at the back cover. "It's so pretty," she giggles. She looks at me, even happier now that she's found what she wants. "Thank you, Katniss." Her happy laughter makes me smile even more. "You're very welcome, Rue. It was a pleasure to meet you both." She hugs the book to her, obviously content, and I happen to lift me eyes from her just in time to see Peeta watching me. After probably a minute, I clear my throat. "So are you ready to check out?" I ask, adding, "Or do you have more shopping to do in the rest of the mall?" Rue nudges Peeta, and he looks at her. "No, we're actually finished for the day," he says but doesn't sound very convincing anymore. "Well, if you'll follow me," I prompt, "I can help you with that too." I move first, toward the Customer Service desk where Johanna is still cataloguing, and Rue follows me closely with Peeta behind her. I've never reacted like this with a guy before, not even Gale and Finnick Odair who are the only two guys I know personally. Gale has been my best friend since I was twelve, and he's more like a brother to me than anything. Finnick teased me relentlessly when I started working at the mall, but because he was already dating Annie, he just teased me. The few times we've had scares at the mall, Finnick has been the one to make sure we're all safe, even if Johanna always contends that she doesn't need anyone to keep her safe. He's known her a while too. But Peeta is just . . . different. And it's almost like he senses the same thing with me. It's just strange. Johanna smirks as I step up behind the counter, but she doesn't say anything as I take Rue's book and ring it up. "With the special offer we're having this week, your total is only 15.67," I announce automatically. Peeta hands over a shiny black Capitol Union Bank card with his name embossed on the front, and I only glance at his last name, sliding the card and waiting for it to clear to hand it back. He pockets it smoothly and just glances at me as the receipt comes up for him to sign. His messy scrawl fills the line at the bottom of the paper, and I pull out one of our special cloth bags for Rue's book to hand it to her. "And there's your book, young lady," I say with my biggest smile. "Enjoy it." "I will," she assures me. "Thank you, Katniss." I nod as she wraps her arm around Peeta, and he takes her under his arm with a wave back at me. I don't realize that I'm grinning like an idiot until Johanna finally speaks. "So did you get his phone number?" she asks, and it doesn't sound like she's joking. Trying to ignore her, I type in the last purchase to my log, only slightly grinning now but feeling warm like I'm still blushing. She scoffs and steps over to my side, taking over my keyboard and easily pulling up Peeta's phone number. "I'm not writing that down," I tell her, forcing my face into a frown. She grabs a pen and a piece of paper, doing it herself. "I never said you would," she counters. After my trip to the Children's section, my day stays uneventful, even when Effie rushes passed me from the resale books to the new releases with her eyes bulging out like a clown. I'm going about my business when Haymitch walks back from the new releases to the coffee shop attached to the store with a white-haired, short man in a three-piece suit. He only nods to me, and the man with him glances but doesn't