"They've promised that dreams can come true - but forgot to mention that nightmares are dreams too." ― Oscar Wilde ~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~ ~Part One~ Bella's POV " Bella?" I shook my head from my wandering thoughts, clearing my raspy throat. "Uh yes Mr. Varner?" I really need to pay more attention in math class. " Do you have the answer to the question written on the board?" He asked, smugly. " Umm." My mind blank as I stuttered, my cheeks reddening by the passing second. " That's what I thought." The scene vanished before my eyes, suddenly I was back in my small blue bedroom, twisted in the blankets of my bed. The bedside clock read 5:45. Only fifteen minutes till I had to be up for school, I made as well get up. I rubbed the sleep from my eyes, whilst a quiet yawn escaped my mouth. I sat up in bed, the sunlight spilling through the curtains. The dreams had not ceased. I got my first one three weeks ago. Every dream has come true so far, today was simply in math class. Speaking of which, I had to remember to pay attention today in math. I was going to speak to Edward about my future telling dreams but since my dreadful birthday party four days ago, he has been distant and acting off. I haven't really had the chance to tell him, he never spends the night with me anymore, the drives to school are silent, no conversation happens during lunch either. I've been meaning to talk to him about that lately too, but I assume he will come around eventually. He is probably just upset over the whole Jasper incident. I sighed but nonetheless got up, preparing for the day ahead of me. Hopefully Edward will be out of his funk today. X~X~X The day passed as a blur, Edward still isolated and cold. I desperately wanted to kiss him after he dropped me off at the house after school but he left abruptly, not even saying 'I love you' back. I was beginning to worry, the other Cullens have been gone this week. Though Edward said they were away on a hunting trip. They looked well feed, their eyes golden, maybe it was because of the Jasper incident. I haven't seen them since then, I'm sure they will be back soon. Perhaps I could talk to Alice about Edward's mood. She always knew what to say in situations like these. Things are bound to get better soon anyway. X~X~X " Class, today I will be assigning you a group project to work on with your lab partner. I will be giving you the rest of the week in class to complete it. The rest will be finished on your own project will be due on Monday of next week." Mr. Banner announced, handing out the project outline sheets to each pair. I turned to Edward, who seemed staring dully out the window, his face hard, void of emotion. The liquid gold eyes were now solid and lifeless. It pained me to see. I decided I would talk to him tonight, I needed him to let me in. We would be okay, we're in this together. " Edward? What should be work on first?" He turned looking down at the table, his voice was stone, emotionless. "I suppose we could work on the lab portion first." Silently he rose from the table to retrieve the materials. The dream ended abruptly, my consciousness coming back to me. These dreams were becoming much more frequent and scenes longer. The first one I dreamt was of me merely dropping a pencil in Spanish class, but now I had full conversations and events. My dream decided I would talk to Edward tonight, so after school I would. Maybe I could bring up my dreams as well. I believe the rest of the Cullens would be returning from the hunting trip tomorrow night too. I felt relieved almost, excited for things to get back to normal finally. I was left feeling refreshed and ready for the day. X~X~X Biology happened just the way I envisioned it this morning in my dream. Mr. Banner assigned us that lab project, Edward partnered with me of course. Currently, I was in the passenger's seat of Edward's Volvo. He was driving me home, while I was preparing what to say to him when we arrived at Charlie's. Of course I had spent almost the entire day thinking of what to say but the talk was approaching so much quicker. Butterflies fluttered in my stomach, the nervousness getting to me. Though Edward wasn't paying any attention to me, his eyes with looking straight ahead dully looking at the road. The Volvo pulled up in the driveway, I made no move to get out of the car. Edward realized this, he mechanically turned to face me. I swallowed anxiously, "Can we talk?" He frowned, his voice harsh, "Not today Bella." His dead voice cut through me deeply, I flinched internally. "Tomorrow." Relief flowed through me, I grinned happily before exiting the car. "See you tomorrow." But Edward had already backed out of the driveway, speeding away. I blinked away salty tears, gnawing on my lip. Tomorrow. Tomorrow we would sort everything out. X~X~X " Come for a walk with me." He motioned towards the green thicket of twisting trees and moss. I smiled, following behind him into the forest. Today was the day we would make things right, everything would go back to normal just like before. The rest of the Cullen family would be home tonight from hunting as well, excitement brewing up inside of me. To my surprise Edward unexpectedly stopped right at the border of the forest just off the side of the house. His gaze was hard, the stone cold facade in place. "We're leaving Forks." " What? Just one more year. You said-" I trailed off. His expression caught me off guard, his mind was set already. " I need to think of something to say to Charlie." Silence enveloped us, he eyes blank. It scared me. Edward's posture was tense, cold, his expression an unreadable mask. That's when it hit me like a ton of bricks. " When you say 'we'?..." " I mean myself and my family." " I'm coming." I said, keeping my voice firm. He looked down upon me, his voice filled with ice, slicing through me like a hot knife in butter, "I don't want you to come." " You don't want me?" Those words placed in that order sounded odd coming from my mouth. " No." Not once did his voice waver. Rejection washed through me in painful waves. My heart pounded painfully in my ears, making me dizzy, my hearing fuzzy. Edward's sentences blurring together, I was unable to form words. " You don't belong in my world." " You're not good for me Bella." " Just a mere distraction for the time being." Tears stung in my eyes, blurring my sight. He stepped forward, pressing his cold lips to my forehead as a farewell. " It will be as if I never existed." Then he was gone. I woke up, tears streaming down my face, my frame shaking with sobs, my heart pounding in my chest frantically. My stomach heaved, I leaned over the garbage can disposing of last nights dinner. I sobbed for what seemed like hours. Then I realized. This was going to happen today. My tears stopped suddenly, frozen momentarily before I shot into action. I had to do something and fast, the time was 5:30. Edward would be arriving in just over an hour, my time was limited. I needed to get out of here, if I wasn't here he couldn't tell me he was leaving Forks. I needed to run. So my plan was a bit cliche, and not completely planned out but I had nothing better, this would at least give me some extra time to think about what I could do next. I quickly dressed into a pair of worn jeans and a thick sweatshirt before grabbing a granola bar and my rain jacket and I was out the door in a rush. Fortunately it was raining, the odds in my favour. This way Edward couldn't track my scent. I was going to need a lot of time, I needed Edward to think I was at school. So, I thought of the great idea to drive my truck to the school parking. I would give it till lunch until Edward figured out I wasn't at school. That's what I did, I drove my rusty truck to Forks High parking lot, nibbling on my granola bar the entire way, nauseousness knotting up my stomach. A hole punctured in my chest at the thought of Edward not wanting me anymore. I couldn't live without him, that's why I was doing this, I'm so selfish. When I arrived at my destination, I quickly parked then jumped out of the truck quickly, then broke out into a swift run, my feet carrying me faster than ever before. I ran into the forest, in the opposite direction of Charlie's house and the Cullens mansion. The rain poured down on me, soaking my hair and my clothes, leaving me chilled to the bone. But a little rain and cold was definitely not going to stop me. My chest was tight with sobs desperately wanting to be released but I needed to be strong. No I HAD to be strong. My legs felt like jelly, but I kept up my pace. My goal was to be as far from Forks as possible, hidden deep within the forest. I was bound to be found eventually, in the meantime I needed to come up with a stealthy plan. Horrid pain radiated from the fresh wound in my chest, anguish and heartbreak so terrible it would have sent Jasper to his knees. But I was strong. I had to be. After continuous hours of nonstop running, the pain was too much to handle, I collapsed to the ground sobbing, my knees giving out underneath me. I always knew I wasn't enough for Edward, he deserved much better than a weak frail little human girl who constantly needed saving. But to have those suspicions confirmed hurt much more than I ever imagined. I let out an anguished cry, which echoed in the surrounding trees. I curled into a ball on the wet forest floor, dirt sticking to my matted hair. I shook uncontrollably, every now and then a piercing scream exited my lips when the pain became too much. His words haunting my every thought, the pain of hearing his velvety voice reject me. I had to get up. My plan was still in action, I had to get up. I checked my watch. 12:46, no doubt Edward found out I wasn't at school, he was probably searching for me right now. The thought, gave me the strength to get back on my feet and venture further into the twisting path of fallen trees and mossy plants. Around an hour later, anxiety brewed up, he was going to find me soon. I hadn't thought of anything yet. How could I possibly get Edward to postpone his departure? I ignored the raw blisters on my feet and my achy muscles to continue my journey. It would come to me soon. Minutes passed, my anxiety peeking, my hope fading quickly. My eyes welled with angry impatient tears. "WHAT AM I GOING TO DO!" I hit a tree with my hand, only to curse under my breath at the sudden sharp pain in my hand. "Dammit." I hissed, cradling my hand. I dropped to the ground, allowing the tears to break through the barrier, flowing down my cheeks. I shivered in the cold, there was nothing I could do to make Edward stay, he was going to leave, if he hadn't already.