This plot danced around my head over the holidays and wanted to be told. So here it is. It's a one-shot for now, but there's definitely more to the story that the characters could share :) Bella Swan looked out her third-story office window and briefly allowed herself to dream. Another house. Another city. Another hand to hold at the end of the day. Another life. She was on a tight schedule with back to back meetings with her Digital Marketing team the majority of her days, so she had a standing five-minute dream-time appointment on her calendar. Enough time to give her a quick boost between her meetings, but not so much that she lived for the dream instead of her reality. Five minutes to escape into a lifetime that could've been, but wasn't. She had more to think about today than her typical dream-cess would hold. She was taking the next day off – her first in recent memory – to attend Alice's baby shower that weekend. It had been five years since she'd been around her old friends, and her heart simultaneously yearned and ached for the reunion. Even though Alice likely wasn't the one to send her the invitation (her money was on Esme), her heart didn't care who had been the one to reach out. Someone had reached out. So when her Outlook reminder dinged to let her know that her meeting with Mr. Crowley was in five minutes, she turned back to her computer, squared her shoulders, and snapped back to Business-Mode Bella. - | SBY&M | - Her feet ached and the seams in her pantyhose irritated her toes as she climbed up the four flights of stairs to her condo. It was in the same building as her favorite Italian takeout restaurant and it had a nice view of her Capitol Hill neighborhood. She opened the door, locked up and tossed the mail on the coffee table before stripping down to her underwear and sinking into the couch underneath her favorite yellow chenille throw. She'd hired an interior decorator to homey the place up, but as she looked around she realized it fell flat and didn't feel like her genuine self. She didn't really know what was genuine anymore. While the subway tile and white accents looked nice, she felt more like she was in a really nice AirBNB rental than her home. Which was a bit disconcerting as she'd lived there for four and a half years. She looked at the huge gift wrapped and waiting in the corner. It was a huge sleigh-style Pottery Barn Kids crib in cherry wood, as requested on Alice's registry. She'd wondered if it was maybe a bit ostentatious to buy such an expensive gift after so many years apart, but Bella didn't care about the money. She worked hard and happened to make a good bit, but most of it was sitting in savings. She felt like she was waiting on something to happen, but what she wasn't sure. When it came, she wanted to be ready. In the meanwhile, she'd wanted something nice for Alice and Jasper. So sleigh crib it was. She mentally readied herself to be back in the fold with Esme, Rose and Alice. She'd already planned to extract herself from the party before Jasper showed up to pack the presents, as the daddy-to-be usually did at baby showers. Or as she assumed they did. She didn't have many friends in Seattle and had never been to a baby shower before, so her experience was really limited to what she had seen on TV… Which was the doting dad showing up and packing he car as stragglers wished them well and cleaned up the mess. She didn't know who Jasper might bring with him, so to be safe she was running away well before he'd arrive… Likely with the one person who'd kept her away in tow. Her lazy cat Morrison hopped up on the couch and sprawled out beside her. "We're going to be fine," she reassured him as she scratched his scruff. "It's just two days. You've got plenty of kitty food and water, and Mrs. Nottingham promised to check in on you." He was just a cat, but even he could probably see through her act. Bella was clearly terrified. Sleep didn't come easy that night, nor did her mind rest easy as she made the long journey to Forks the next morning. She cruised along to Spotify's "Mellow Dinner" playlist as she tried to mentally map out the different paths the conversation could take when she showed up on Esme and Carlisle's doorstep. It turns out they didn't have a "Hopeless Coward" playlist – she'd checked. She mentally flipped through the weekend's itinerary in her head and wondered why she'd agreed to come for the spa day that preceded the shower. In her heart, though, she knew she missed Alice and the family more than she could ever express. She had a lot of making up to do, and while the baby shower wasn't the appropriate time to do it, she hoped the weekend would help mend the bridge between them. With a worried heart and even more anxious mind than usual, she pulled in Esme and Carisle's driveway. She allowed herself one minute of silent freak-out time before she stepped out of her car and exhaled a deep breath she hadn't realized she was holding. It was time to stop being a wuss. Esme barreled out the front door before Bella's feet even touched the sidewalk, immediately wrapping Bella up in her arms. Bella didn't even realize she was crying until Esme cooed for her to let it out. There on the sidewalk for all of Forks to see, Bella Swan let out all the hurt and sorrow that had built up within her over the past five years. "Welcome home, baby," Esme said. Inside the house with a cup of Esme's favorite tea – the scent of which immediately pulled Bella back to childhood – Bella fidgeted. "I asked you to come a few hours early, I hope you don't mind," Esme said as she laid a throw over Bella's shoulders. "No," Bella croaked, "It's good to catch up." She silently catalogued the subtle differences she could pick up from the last time she saw Esme. A few more lines, maybe. Slightly different hair. But the most noticeable change was the sadness lurking deep in her eyes. "Especially before the others get here." "Esme, does Alice know I'm going to be here? I'm glad you sent me an invitation, but how did you find my address?" "No, not yet," Esme admitted. Bella liked that she always gave it to her straight. "I, uh… I may have bribed Charlie with my boysenberry pie. And I promised him my intentions were good." "What would Sue think?" Bella asked with a smile. Charlie had sold her childhood home and moved in with Sue Clearwater a few years back. "Bella, I miss my daughter." "Have you not been speaking to Alice? Is everything –" "I meant you," Esme cupped Bella's free hand between hers. Both women felt how bad it was shaking, betraying any kind of cool demeanor Bella may have thought she could project. She should know better than to put on a front with Esme. "It just hurt too much, Esme. I…" a jagged sigh rattled through her chest. "I know how bad I screwed up. I don't know how it even happened. It felt like it was over. And I couldn't put you in a weird situation where you had to choose." "A mother doesn't choose between her children, Bella." Bella gave her a kind, sad smile. "You know I love you with all my heart, Esme, but that wouldn't have been fair to anyone." Esme wiped a tear from her eye and clasped her hands in her lap. "None the matter, you're here now." "I want… No, I need to see Alice, but do you really think this is the right time, Esme?" "Probably not," Esme admitted with a sigh. "But sometimes you have to force fate's hand. It'll just be us today, us and Alice." "If it's bad, I'll leave," she promised. "We've gotta start somewhere. So, tell me about your job and your life now," Esme asked as she hugged Bella's shoulders. - | SBY&M | - A few hours later, Bella was parked at the kitchen island helping Esme assemble the teacup goody bags for the shower. Each teacup held lip balm, a bath bomb, confetti, and a few treats. Esme wrapped the completed favors in cellophane and attached a dainty tag with an elephant and the letter "E." "What are they naming her?" Bella asked as she fussed with the teacup in front of her. "Ella, Ella Carlie." "Ella Carlie Whitlock," Bella repeated with a smile. "Beautiful. She'll have no shortage of love in her life, that's for sure." "Jasper and Alice have been trying for years. They found out pretty early that she would have difficulties conceiving. It's been a long road, but she's finally almost here." "I can't imagine having a baby," Bella admitted. "There's nothing like it in the world, that's for sure." "I'm nervous to see her, Esme. I'm so scared. But it's like... It's like I cut out half my heart and I'm not really living without it. I feel like I've been treading water." "But you're back now," Esme responded with a nod. "Your heart is where it belongs." "Is… He going to be here? I'm sorry for asking, but I just need to – " "He's coming tomorrow evening," she confirmed. "I'm not ready." "Oh, honey, he doesn't know you're going to be here. I haven't told him." "I really screwed up," Bella sighed. "I know that now." "'With every broken heart we should become more adventurous,' my darling." "Did you just quote a song to me, Esme?" "It's applicable here! My assistant picks out the music for the shop and that one's on about every playlist she makes." They laughed hard, to the point that they both had tears in their eyes. The laughter covered the sound of the front door opening. "Mom, whose car is in the driveway?" Alice called from the foyer. The blood drained from Bella's face as Esme ushered past her, running to intercept Alice. Like the mature adult she was, Bella slipped into the mud room located off the kitchen. She couldn't hear their conversation, but she wanted to give them privacy nonetheless. A few minutes later – or hours, neither of them had a firm grasp on time at that point – Alice entered the room. Her red-rimmed eyes and tear-stained cheeks made Bella's stomach flip. They always were a matching pair. "So it's true," she said loudly as she looked Bella up and down. "Allie, I…" The look on Alice's face shut her down. They stood in silence a few more minutes. Alice's long hair – which surprised Bella as it had always been short when they were kids – brushed her shoulders. Her belly was high and shaped just like a beach ball. Pregnancy suited her well. "I wouldn't have cared what happened with you and my brother. You were MY Bella. My best friend. My sister, in my heart. Nothing ever would've changed that. But you changed your phone number, you moved, you deleted your Facebook account…" "I know," Bella said softly, head turned to the floor. "You're right, Alice. I ruined everything. I know this now, and I've known it for years. But once you break everything, how do you put it back together? I have no clue. I'm broken. I don't know how to put myself back together." The tears escalated as she spoke, and she finished in outright sobs. The anger Alice had held in her heart the last five years evaporated as Bella broke down in front of her.