Angie is 16, Laura is 14 and a half, and Eowyn is 14. This story is currently under serious editing. This chapter has been edited very much and is now twice as long as it was before. Laura's Pov. My friend Eowyn and I were having a campout-sleepover at our friend Angie's house. Eowyn had been there many times before but I had only been there a few times. It still caused me to feel very excited whenever I went there and having a campout there with both friends heightened my excitement to the highest degree. I was probably way too excited but we had so much planned for that day. Though I was soon to find out that all our teenage plans would be ruined. Eowyn and Angie were setting up the tent, and I was lighting the fire. I had enough camping experience to know how to make the fire rise high and hot. It was around seven o'clock in the evening and the sun was just beginning to set. It caused the trees the cast eerie shadows around us and it made perfect lighting for spooky campfire stories. It made us feel like we were actually in the woods camping, rather than being in a friend's backyard. When our work was done, we gathered around the fire I had made and began to roast our marshmallows. We had eaten dinner inside since none of us could correctly grill hotdogs. Well, Angie being the oldest of us could mostly but we prefered to keep it safe and have her dad do it. We had just begun eating our first smores when there was a cracking sound in the woods. It startled us only slightly but we still set our smoes down and looked around the area. "What, was that?" I asked in a slightly startled tone. Bad things always happened to teens when they were camping and sometimes I worried that something bad would happen to me. "Do you want to go check it out?" Eowyn asked. She had a reckless adventurous spirit and wasn't afraid of checking out strange noises no matter how small or big. Angie and I looked at her nervously. Both of us knew that going off by ourselves into the woods wasn't the smartest thing to do. "Um, you can go. We'll just stay here," Angie replied. Eowyn shook her head defiantly. I knew that there was no winning against her as she grabbed our hands and pulled us up from the ground. "No, you're coming with me!" she declared. We sighed and agreed. there was no use in arguing. Besides, we didn't want to be left there all alone, even if Angie's house was right there. We turned to the woods, leaving the campfire going. There wasn't much of a chance that it would do anything. We were all a bit uneasy, even Eowyn, who was the tomboy and as I said before, reckless. After we had walked for a little ways - the fire was still going, we saw a bluish glow to the right of us. We followed it until we came upon something that none of us had expected. To our shock and amazement, we stared directly at a swirling black and blue hole, one that looked like a black hole. "If I didn't know any better, I would say that's a portal," I said looking at it, but not getting too close. The wind was blowing around it and I could feel slight suction coming from it. The other two girls nodded in response. "Should we try it?" Eowyn asked smirking. Angie sighed and looked over at her. She knew that if anything happened to either of us, she would be responsible. She was sixteen and she knew better than either of us could. I would like to say that she was wiser, but the truth was, the only one of us that she was wiser than was Eowyn. Again, reckless. "I'm not sure that would be safe. It might be just an illusion though. We'll probably just walk out the other side." We talked about it for about ten minutes. In the end we decided we would jump through, after all as Angie said, it was probably just an illusion. So we clasped hands, I counted down from three to one and we jumped. We had only expected to jump out the other side, pardon our poor judgement, but we did not. We went through a tunnel like place, and the portal closed behind us. I felt as though all time had passed before me and I felt sick. Then suddenly, we saw a faint light and it began to grow brighter and brighter. There was suddenly a huge flash of light and we were standing on solid ground, the sun shining brightly. "Where are we?" I asked in confusion. I hid my fear and confusion and kept my voice steady. My question was almost immediately answered when we saw the members of the Fellowship in front of us, and Elrond behind us. Actually everything was in a uproar. We didn't quite know what was going on until we heard Frodo say, "I will take it!" At first no one heard him and then he yelled again, "I will take the Ring to Mordor!" Then everyone's attention turned to him. "Though I do not know the way," he said. We watched Aragorn walk over to him. I suddenly felt all giddy and I had a hard time keeping myself from screaming. "If by my life or death I can protect you, I will. You have my sword!" I whispered with Aragorn. I bit my lip to keep myself from talking too loud. "And you have my bow," Legolas said stepping up. We almost screamed when we saw him step up. Yes, we are BIG fans of Legolas. I mean, who isn't? He's amazing! "And my axe," Gimli added. Boromir also walked up to them and joined them. We waited anxiously for what would happen next. Since we had all seen all three movies, and I had read the trilogy itself we knew what would happen. It was like we were fortune tellers. We read every moment and anticipated what would happen next. And we were right for nearly everything. Just as we had expected, Sam jumped out of the bushes and stood by Frodo. "Mr. Frodo isn't going anywhere without me!" he exclaimed. I giggled slightly and Eowyn through her hand over my mouth. I stomped my foot in annoyance. "Well surely you will go! It is hardly possible to separate you from him, even when he summoned to a secret council and you're not!" Elrond said. Sam fidgeted uncomfortably beside Frodo. For a moment Elrond seemed slightly amused, that is, until Merry and Pippin jumped out. "We're coming too!" Merry yelled. Elrond raised his eyebrows and made an annoyed expression. He was the king of annoyed expressions. In fact, he was the king of any expression. Especially when it was angry or annoyed. The guy looked like he had a scowl on his face even when he was happy. Which was very rare for him. He probably got so used to making that face that he forgot how to make a happy face. "Besides," Pippin added, "you will need people of intelligence on this sort of mission..eh..quest." I held back a laugh. That line in the movie always made me laugh. It was one of Pippins best (worst) moments. Merry glanced over at the Hobbit beside him. "That leaves you out Pip," he whispered. Pippin nodded before even thinking about what Merry had said. "Well that settles it! You shall be called the Fellowship of the..." Elrond was about to say "Ring" but I interrupted him. I couldn't hold myself back, I could be very impulsive sometimes. "Wait! We will join the Fellowship as well!" I said loud enough for everyone to hear. Angie and Eowyn stared at me in horror. I suddenly realized what had happened and fear struck me. I looked down and realized how lucky we were. We were wearing Middle Earth style clothing. "Who are you? I do not believe you were part of the Council," Elrond said. I took a deep breath. Angie and Eowyn's mouths were still hanging open in shock and I knew I had to be the one to speak. "No, we aren't part of the Council. We are from...um, Gondor. I apologize for listening but we already knew the Ring was here and we know what's at stake. I'm Laura, this is Angelina, and this is Eowyn." I was glad that at least one of us had a name that was common to this world. Angie looked over at me with a smile. I swelled with pride. I handled myself well. "I'm not sure whether I can use any kind of weapon but I do know how to fight." "Same for me," Angie added. "Though, I believe with practice I'll be able to hold a weapon." "And I think I can use a sword," said Eowyn. Her arms were strong from playing softball back on earth so a sword would probably be best for her. Elrond nodded in response. "I will speak with Gandalf. Three women," I smiled slightly at his title for us, "might not be the best thing for this journey," he said. My smile faded and I frowned. Gandalf stood up from his place and they left the room. Time passed and we waited anxiously for them to return. Everyone had seated themselves once again and we continued to stand. We felt nervous, and awkward. We were around people who were familiar yet also very unfamiliar. There was no one we really knew around and speaking wouldn't lighten the atmosphere. Finally after about forty-five minutes, Gandalf and Elrond emerged. Their faces were stern so we couldn't decide whether or not they had decided to let us come. "We have decided that if you turn out to be skilled in fighting and combat, and if you are able to stand a long journey, you will join. You must practice hard for the next few days. You must be ready," Elrond told us. We smiled excitedly. "Twelve members...A fellowship of twelve... You shall be called the Fellowship of the Ring," he declared. After glancing around a moment he sighed in relief because he was not interrupted again. After a few moments three Elves came, one with a sword, which he handed to Eowyn. She swung it in the air and her green eyes lit up with excitement. The two other Elves handed me and Angie a bow and quiver full of arrows. We looked over them, awe filling our eyes. We were holding Elven bows! There was practically nothing that could foil my excitement except for... "But Lord Elrond! They are only girls!" Boromir protested. "What can they do to fight? Women are not meant for battle!" Elrond sighed and faced the man. "I know that they are only girls and I as well am in doubt. But it is settled that they will test to join. If they make it out, they will be with you." Boromir sighed and joined the group once again. He turned his head slightly towards us and gave us a death glare. I was slightly taken aback. Pippin was obviously happy with everything. He obviously didn't know entirely what was going on. "Alrighty then!" he exclaimed with a smile. "So...where are we going?" My friends and I put our hands over our mouths to keep ourselves from laughing. He was so oblivious and it was hilarious. After that the other members began to talk of plans while I quietly signaled my friends to a place where nobody was. Once out of sight and hearing range, we huddled up in a circle together. There were a few things that we needed to discuss. "Okay, so what I want to know is,