This may sound really weird, but this story is based off of the song "Will you still love me tomorrow" by The Shirelles. It's not a song that really describes this idea, but it's the inspiration, so...yeah. Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. Oh, and this is all in Peeta's POV. EDIT: I changed a lot of things. I've made Peeta a little awkward, but in reality he's a sweetie with a way with words, so some stuff didn't make sense. And he's a guy, so I've been downplaying that...yeah, I just changed stuff. Reread it or something if you need to. I'm trapped. Some blond girl- who's very drunk, by the way- is hanging off my arm and mumbling what she probably thinks are sexy words, but instead are horrific tales that I really don't want to know about. See, when you play spin the bottle, you're supposed to kiss whoever it lands on, right? And then you keep playing? Well, this girl and I kissed, but we didn't get to keep playing; she grabbed my arm and dragged me aside to mumble her horrific tales. She's hot, but she's not that hot. I shoot looks at my friends Finnick and Cato, but they don't notice that I'm in distress; instead, they keep playing spin the bottle like there's no tomorrow. Only my friend Marvel notices my situation, and he gives me a thumbs up and mouths something like "she's hot", so I know I've got no help there. My two girl friends- Clove and Glimmer- also don't seem to notice, as they're also playing spin the bottle. Clove gets Cato, and they kiss, which brings on a round of whoops that make me even more invisible than I already am. I gently pry the girl off of my arm, and thankfully she doesn't seem to notice; she's so drunk that she's drifting off to sleep in the middle of a story (which is just as horrific as the others). So I let her lay down on the carpeted floor, unsure of what to do. I don't her name or who she came with, so there's no way I can get her a ride home. "Want a drink?" I'm barely done setting the girl down when a red plastic cup is shoved in front of my face. I look up into the smiling face of my friend, Madge Undersee, who holds her own cup. Grateful, I take the cup. "Thanks," I say, and I take a sip. The stuff burns as it goes down, and I must've made a face because Madge is laughing. I laugh too, but afterwards I say, "What, are you trying not to remember anything about tonight?" "Pretty much," Madge says. "Two more days until school starts and I need all the summer memories I can get, hangovers and puking into toilets included." "Some summer memories." "Tell me about it," she says as she continues to sip at her drink. It isn't until we drain our cups and are both feeling a bit light-headed that she speaks again, and it's only to ask, "So who's this?" "Huh?" I squint and notice she's pointing to the girl passed out on the floor. "Hell, I don't know. We kissed and then she tried to seduce me by telling me about how she was on her period and couldn't get pregnant." Madge grimaces before she says dryly, "Sexy." "Exactly." I take her cup. "Want me to get you another drink?" "Yes, please," she says, and I leave. The house- Cato's house- is crowded. How could it not be? He's a quarterback, he's rich, he's popular, and to the girls, he's good looking. So with these things in mind, I curse every single one as I go to get us drinks- I can barely squeeze through the crowd, and it's all to blame because of Cato's popularity. When I get into the kitchen, there are two people making out against the refrigerator. Lovely. Ignoring them, I go into Cato's cupboards and find some vodka that hasn't been taken. I'm about to take the two cups and go, but as an afterthought I grab the whole bottle, just in case. Sipping at the burning liquid, I'm making my way back to the room where Madge and my other friends are when I make eye contact with someone leaning against the wall across from the bathroom. Dark hair styled in a braid, olive-colored skin, grey eyes- it's Katniss Everdeen, with her usual scowl on her face and the usual all black outfit that makes her stand out among a group of preppy jocks and girls who are getting wasted into oblivion. My slightly foggy brain can't process the scene quite right. Why is she here? I know her, and so do my friends, but my friends hate her. She can't possibly know anyone here, or at least be liked by anyone here, so again, why is she here? Her scowl falls when she notices that I'm staring. Her face morphs into one of confusion, and then of guilt. She quickly pushes herself off the wall and turns away, looking for someone, but then someone exits the bathroom and she quickly ducks inside. Weird. I shake it off and leave. The others are still playing spin the bottle when I enter the room I was in earlier. Madge's sitting on the carpet, watching the game and eyeing the passed out girl with caution, so I go over to her. "Finally," says Madge when I hold out a cup towards her. Her eyes widen when she sees the bottle, but then she grins. "Now who's trying not to remember anything from tonight, Peeta?" I grin sheepishly and say, "Just in case." "Well, either way, next time the drinks are on me," she jokes as she sips from her cup. This time she makes the face as it burns down her throat, and I get to laugh at her. Clove and Glimmer join us when we're into our third round of drinks, having stopped the game while the guys hang behind to watch something on Cato's phone. After a while, though, Cato, Marvel, and Finnick join us, and we're all drinking and laughing when suddenly Clove makes a suggestion. "Let's play truth or dare," she suggests, which starts chaos. Glimmer's saying hell yeah, but Marvel, Cato, and Finnick are complaining that the game's girly while Madge and I sip at our drinks and try to get desperately wasted before the conversation gets anywhere. "No way ," says Cato surely after a good round of arguing. "If you play, we're out of here." "You guys are stupid," Clove argues. "Are you all really afraid of a little game?" "We're not afraid," says Cato instantly. "Yeah," Marvel adds quickly. "Then play," Glimmer says, rolling her eyes. Finnick's shaking his head, but Marvel looks towards Cato before he starts shaking his own. Cato doesn't say anything, but instead he moves as if to leave, with the other two guys moving as if to stand up too. "Losers," Clove jeers childishly. "You're all afraid of a little game." Cato frowns and says meanly, "Shut up, Clove." "But it's true, and you just don't want to tell yourself that," says Clove smugly. "Yeah," Glimmer adds, and then as an afterthought- probably to one up Marvel- "Exactly." Cato narrows his eyes. "I'm not afraid of anything." Clove smirks. "Then prove it." So Cato sits down, and so do the other guys. We get a system running: Finnick starts, then Madge, then Marvel, then Glimmer, then Clove, then Cato, then me. The plan is whoever is next has to have their fate decided by the person before them after they choose truth or dare. Madge has to reveal that she's kissed a teacher before. Marvel has to kiss Glimmer. Glimmer has to reveal that she's gone skinny dipping. Clove has to streak through the party. Cato has to go outside and throw toilet paper over the neighbor's trees. Then it's my turn, and Cato turns on me with his smirk on his face, ready to pounce. I swallow a mouthful of vodka too fast when I realize it's my turn, which makes me start coughing. Finnick thumps me on the back, but even my choking isn't enough to save me from the game. "Peeta," says Cato slowly, savoring the look of terror I must have. "Truth or dare?" I can't say truth- I'll never hear the end of it. So it's with a shaking soul that I say, "Dare." Cato's face breaks into a grin. "I want you to go to the bathroom and-" He's stopped by Madge, who gasps aloud. "The bathroom!" Madge freaks out. "I left Katniss outside there by herself like an hour ago!" The look Clove gives her is one of utter disbelief. "Are you serious ? Katniss Everdeen? She's, like, the most pathetic person ever! Why would you bring her here?" Clearly while her head would face the effect tomorrow, the vodka Madge has consumed doesn't mess with her brain and good judgement as she merely says coolly, "Katniss is my friend." Glimmer stares at her now, incredulous. "You can't be serious. Katniss is a freak !" "She's creepy as fuck," Marvel chimes in, agreeing. Madge looks annoyed. "Don't say that about her. She's my friend." Cato rolls his eyes, clearly annoyed his dare for me has been interrupted, while I'm kind of just thanking the heavens that this is happening. Little did I know, though, things were just about to take a turn for the ugly. "Friend or not, she doesn't belong here," says Clove bluntly. Madge starts to frown. "Belong where? There's no restrictions to a party ." "Yes there are, and one of them is that we don't let pathetic freaks in here." "Shut up, Clove," Madge cuts her off angrily, and it's the first time I've seen her angry like this; usually she's sweet and smiling, and always being nice. Clove narrows her eyes. "Make me." Madge falters. She's not violent, not even with words, and she won't stoop to Clove's level. Instead she stands, taking her cupful of vodka with her as she mumbles, "I'm going to get Katniss and we'll go. See you later, Peeta." She stumbles away and I can't even say goodbye properly. "She's such a bitch," says Clove when she's gone. "God, I hate her." Glimmer murmurs in agreement. "What a shame," Finnick says, watching Madge go. "I was hoping that you two would eventually get so angry and violent that you'd start making out." Clove looks at him like he's insane. "Finnick Odair, you're a dick." "Thank you," he says, grinning with his line of perfect white teeth. "Why are you so pissed off, Clove?" Marvel asks after a few seconds. "It's not like Katniss is doing anything to you or to this party. She's never even talked to you." Clove frowns. "She's a loser , Marvel. And we can't let random losers into our parties." But even though she won't say it, I know the real reason why she hates Katniss. It's because Cato, who Clove has a crush on, asked out Katniss once whereas he never asked out Clove. Even though this occurred in middle school, Clove's always been one to hold a grudge. "It's not like it matters," interjects Finnick at Clove's words. "She's leaving." "Yeah, and with Madge ," Glimmer spits. I don't say anything- I don't trust myself to. The thing is, Madge's probably the only person among my friends that I really like. The others are cool, but I can't tell them the things I tell Madge. But I'm a coward, so I don't even speak up for my friend. "You guys say everything like it's bad," Cato interrupts, smirking. "It is," deadpans Clove, but Cato shakes his head. "You guys have to realize that Katniss Everdeen is hot," Cato continues. Clove stares at him, her mouth falling open.