Hello everyone. This is my first time writing a fanfic and my first time writing femslash. I absolutely love the Rosalie and Bella paring, so I decided to give it a try with this one-shot. Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight and all the characters. Reviews and criticism is welcomed and appreciated. I hope you all enjoy the story :) *All thoughts are in Italics Summary: Rosalie is right. Why fight it? You know she is going to win this battle anyway. You might as well give in. All my thoughts of guilt, shame and betrayal go out the window and I give in to temptation. Bella's POV "Love, what's taking you so long?" Edward yelled from downstairs. "I'm sorry. I can't decide what to wear. Just give me five more minutes." I yelled back. Tonight Edward and I were going over to Emmett and Rosalie's for dinner to celebrate Emmett's big promotion. If it was any other dinner I could easily pick out what I was going to wear. But tonight, Rosalie was going to be there, so I had to look my best. First, I'll start with the underwear. Wait, she is not going to see me in my underwear! Oh who am I kidding, I will probably beg her to rip off my clothes. How the hell does she do that? I am not even close to her and she has already got me thinking about her screwing me. I sigh. I take out my black lace bra and black lace panties and put them on. Now what dress should I wear? Should I wear my red dress that shows a lot of cleavage? No, that dress makes me seem too slutty and desperate. Maybe I can wear that purple dress with my black belt. Wait no, that dress is too short for an occasion like this. Oh I can wear that black dress my mother bought me. No no, Alice said that makes me look like a nun. "Bella, honey, we have to go! You know traffic on the road is going to be terrible." Edward yelled up the stairs. Shit Bella just pick something! I scolded myself. Why are you so indecisive? I settled on the too short purple dress with the wide black belt. I slip on my lace black pumps and put on my black heart necklace. I quickly put on my make up and put my already curled hair into a side ponytail that flows over my left shoulder. I grab my purse and coat then run down the stairs. I see Edward at the bottom of the stairs dressed in black slacks and a long sleeved light blue dress shirt accentuated with a dark blue tie. He looks slightly worried and annoyed. "I'm ready." I say, getting his attention. He turns around, looks at me and smiles. He walks over to me and pulls me in by the waist for a kiss on the lips. "You look beautiful love." He says softly. I smile at him and he kisses me on the forehead. A pang of guilt shoots through me. "I am going to bring the car around." He says smiling as he lets go of my waist. "Okay" I say, trying to keep my voice steady. Here he is being the perfect husband and I am fucking his married sister! Fuck! He can't find out. I don't know what I would do if I lost him. Edward and I have been married for about two years now. We had the high school sweetheart romance. We met in high school and fell madly in love and dated all through college. After a few more years of dating, he popped the question and I did not hesitate to say yes. He was the one thing I was sure of. I didn't have to think twice about marrying him. I am positive that loves me. He has told me many times that he does. I do care about him deeply, but I am starting to doubt my love for him. Ever since Rosalie I… Bella stop! It's not actual cheating. It is just sex. There is nothing romantic about it. The vibration of my phone brought me out of my stupor. It was a text from Alice. Don't forget to bring the cake Bells! I know you have been very distracted lately ;) – Alice I smile and roll my eyes. Of course Alice has to make sure everyone is on top of things. She planned long and hard for this party and she wants everything to be perfect. I quickly text her back. I am on it :) I shake my head and go to the kitchen to get the cake. I think Alice knows that Rosalie and are screwing around. Look at what she sent in the text. She said I have been "very distracted lately". Hell, she practically almost caught us fucking. If it wasn't for Rosalie's hawk-like hearing, she would have caught us tearing off each other's clothes. But Alice hasn't said anything about it and that is very unusual for her. Once Alice knows a secret it takes about two seconds for everyone in the contact list of her phone to know too. For whatever reason, she is keeping our affair undisclosed. I suddenly got an uneasy feeling and gripped the kitchen counter. My face screws up into a look of horror. Shit! Is Alice using this information to black mail Rosalie? I know they had a lot of problems in the past, but was the dissonance in-between them that intense? Maybe she is using this to black mail me? Why the hell would she do that? I thought we were good friends. Maybe she is using this to try to get back at me for cheating on Edward. They are so close and she would defend and protect her brother at any cost. My stomach started to feel queasy and I sat down on a kitchen stool. Stop jumping to conclusions Bella! Maybe Alice has no clue about what Rose and I are doing. You are just having an over active imagination. Calm down! Edward must be wondering why you are taking so long. I sigh and I coax myself to get up. I pick up the homemade cake and hurry out the door. I put the cake in the back seat of the car and jump in the front seat. "Honey, what took you so long?" he asks with a look of concern on his face. I put on my seat belt and look over at him. "I was just putting some finishing touches on the cake." I lie, my voice slightly elevated. Nice job Bella! You know your voice always gets higher when you lie. He is obviously going to know you are not telling the truth. It's a wonder he hasn't already found out that you are screwing someone else. He looks at me slightly suspicious, but does not push the issue any further. He starts the car and drives off. Edward and I are standing at the door waiting for someone to answer it. I am holding the cake in one hand and holding Edward's hand with the other. I start to shiver, not from lack of warmth, but from anticipation. God I can't wait to see her. It has been so long since we had any time together. Mmmm I wonder what she is wearing. Whatever it is I bet she looks sexy as hell in it. I hope she wears those red fuck-me pumps. I bite my lip wantonly and my lower lips start to quiver. I almost forget I am still holding my husband's hand. I am shocked into sobering up by the opening of the door. We are greeted by a very excited Emmett. "Edward! Bella!" he exclaims. He hugs us both tightly and smiles widely. "Congrats Em." Edward says as he pats him on the back with a smile. "Thanks man." He says appreciatively. "It has been forever since the both of you have been here. Are you guys hiding from us?" he asks playfully. Edward and I roll our eyes and I laugh. "You know that the hospital always keeps me busy." Edward says. "Things are starting to pick up at the bakery." I add. "I am not surprised." Emmet says. "You always know how to throw down when it comes to the sweets." he winks at me. I blush and look down. When I look up at him, I feel a rush of guilt come over me. Look at him! He looks so genuine and charming. And I am over here, fucking his wife! God I love Emmett so much. He is like a brother to me and he has always been there when I needed him.. He always makes me laugh when I feel down. He always defends me. He practically worships the ground Rosalie walks on, and I am stealing a little part of her from him. Now I am constantly stabbing him in the back, betraying him. He doesn't deserve it. I cover up the overwhelming feeling of guilt with fake smile. "Well I made your cake especially perfect for you big bro." I say, trying to make my words sound playful. "Speaking of cake…"he says mischievously. I have no time to react when he suddenly grabs the cake and starts running to the kitchen. "Hey! You better put that cake in the kitchen where it belongs!" I yell at him jokingly as he hurries off . "No promises Bells!" he yells back gleefully. I shake my head and look around. I notice that Edward put his coat on the coat rack and is now speaking to Jasper, Eric and Mike by the fire place. I hang my coat on the coat rack then head off to find Alice. I walk into the living room and find Angela instead. She is standing around texting on her phone. I walk up to her. "Hey Ange." I say as I touch her shoulder. "Bella!" she exclaims as she turns around. "Oh my gosh! It is so good to see you." She says as she pulls me into a hug. She pulls back and flashes a smile. "You look amazing!" she says excitedly. I smile. I should hang out with Angela more often. She is such a good friend. She is so sweet and kind. I understand why Eric fell in love with her. Wait, maybe that's not such a good idea. What would she think of me if she knew what I was doing? The feeling of guilt seeped back into my body. I realize Angela just gave me a compliment. "Thank you. You look amazing too." I say quickly with a fake smile. "Oh please" she says and shakes her head. "This is just something I threw on." she says nonchalantly. We chat good-naturedly for minutes. Finally Alice appears and smiles at the both of us. "Hey you two!" Alice practically squeals as she kisses us both on the cheek. "Hey Alice." I say and smile at her. "Hey Alice. You look wonderful as usual. Always the fashionista." Angela says with admiration. "Thanks Angela." Alice says politely. She then turns to me. "Bella, your cake looks beautiful. Rose said she was worried you would make it too girly." She says amused. My heart stops at the mention of her name. I turn my head slightly away and avoid Alice's burning gaze. I cover up my hesitation with a fake smile and look back at her. Her eyes never left my face. When I look at her, she still wears an amused expression, but I can see the accusatory look in her light green orbs. Alice takes her heavy gaze off me and starts speaking to Angela animatedly. Grateful the attention was off me; I turn my body slightly away from them and take a small quiet breath. Shit she knows something! But what exactly does she