YEAR THREE ONE Severus Snape was not having a good holiday. Firstly the headmaster seemed to be plotting something, asking all sorts of odd questions about Longbottom of all people, and demanding old report cards and associated paperwork. This new inconvenience had taken nearly a whole day to forge ( and Snape was aware that even Filius, the perfectionist and lover of paperwork had also deemed it unnecessary in the past, so it wasn't just him). Granted Filius was (embarrassingly) more crafty about it and had managed to convince Dumbledore that all his paperwork had simply been lost in the disaster that was the Weasley twins turning his entire office to sponge cake during the previous year. Neither Filius' cheerful remembrance of eating away any evidence, nor Dumbledore's selectively easy distraction had improved Snape's own disposition. The only bright point was that Minerva looked just as sour as he did. Adding to his problems the Potions Alliance Agreement had expired at the end of May, and a new contract brought in. This caused almost six percent of surcharge on all imported ingredients (nearly half of his standard school stores, and a good 80% of his advanced and rare ones). However apparently this, according to the school governors, shouldn't affect his budget at all! Snape did suspect he would be able to make Lucius see reason (or risk having to pay Snape to tutor his own Godson), however for the moment it caused multiple headaches. In clearing out the stockrooms to do a count of the schools stores he had also discovered a whole batch of off ingredients where too much moisture was getting in. He suspected a great deal of the stock would have to be moved over the following weeks unless he could convince the house-elves to do some masonry maintenance. Finally (and the icing on the already souring cake), he had just heard that the werewolf Lupin would be taking up the Defence post that he had been turned back for, for yet another year! Because apparently having a mastery in four subjects, three of which qualified you for the post, was not nearly as good a qualification of being a dark creature and having studied several certificates on the matter. Not to mention the fact that said werewolf had nearly killed him as a child. Defence indeed. It was now the second week of the summer holidays, and this was Severus' first day off from Hogwarts matters, and it was with a great sigh of relief that he left the castle and apperated to Malfoy Manor where he was invited for dinner. He made his way along the path from the gates to the front porch with well-practiced ease; he had been keyed in for many years now. It was a new elf that bowed and took his coat at the door, then directed him to the front sitting room; a minor divergence from usual paths that preceded another change that left the potions professor gaping in the doorway. "Hello Severus, how lovely to see you." Narcissa smiled up at him across the tea set. But her presence barely registered in Snape's world. "Hello Professor… You'll catch flies." Harry Potter was sitting having tea with Narcissa Malfoy. Harry Bloody Potter! Apparently the brat had no sense of self-preservation. It was actually the memory of a scene in Diagon Alley, rather than the end of the war that Harry usually thought of when he thought of Narcissa Malfoy (nee Black). Harry could respect Narcissa, and actually, he always had (along with a healthy dose of from- afar ). He had never bothered to find out, but he suspected that she might have been a Slytherin queen in her time at Hogwarts (he knew Lucius hadn't been king, as he went to school at the same time as Bellatrix and Andromeda). Lucius was however, a master politician, and Harry sometimes wondered how on earth Draco turned out like he had. With Snape for a God Father, and Lucius and Narcissa as parents it was a little odd. It was one of the moments Harry first recognized this that he thought of every time he saw the Malfoy matriarch. Madam Malkin squealed and clutched at her heart. 'Really, you shouldn't accuse... dangerous thing to say... wands away, please!' But Harry did not lower his wand. Narcissa Malfoy smiled unpleasantly. 'I see that being Dumbledore's favorite has given you a false sense of security, Harry Potter. But Dumbledore won't always be there to protect you.' Harry looked mockingly all around the shop. 'Wow... look at that... he's not here now! So why not have a go? They might be able to find you a double cell in Azkaban with your loser of a husband!' Draco made an angry movement toward Harry, but stumbled over his overlong robe. Ron laughed loudly. 'Don't you dare talk to my mother like that, Potter!' He snarled. 'It's all right, Draco,' said Narcissa, restraining him with her thin white fingers upon his shoulder. 'I expect Potter will be reunited with dear Sirius before I am reunited with Lucius.' As much as it had hurt at the time, it had also secretly amused Harry a little. Draco had still been enemy number two at the time (Tom was a little more worrying), and despite the harsh words Harry had even then had a better understanding of what it was to be Slytherin than Draco had. All Draco did was protest and whine, but Harry and Narcissa had a real exchange of teeth. It had felt good at the time to know Harry was in a class with Narcissa, rather than Draco. Harry surveyed the current scene with amusement. Narcissa and Snape (who was Draco's Godfather) no doubt knew each other quite well. Therefore Harry was quite sure that Narcissa was enjoying the sight of Snape standing gaping in the doorway almost as much as Harry was. In fact, short of Dumbledore and Voldemort, Harry suspected he couldn't have shared a Snape meltdown with a better audience. 'Professor!' Harry said in an overly cheery voice when it became apparent no one was going to speak, 'What a lovely surprise !' Snape seemed to finally shake his brain back together and his regular mask of indifference slid across his face. 'I am no doubt a fool for finding you anywhere but where I least expect you.' He drawled, then nodded at Narcissa. 'Narcissa.' 'Severus, have a seat. Tea?' Harry was proven correct in his assumption that he wasn't the only one enjoying this as he watched Narcissa carefully wait until just after Snape took a sip of tea before speaking again. 'We were just discussing my dear cousin , Sirius Black.' It was only Snape's immense control of facial muscles that stopped the tea from being sprayed across the room. As it was he only just managed to avoid a coughing fit. This was apparently too much however. 'Excellent.' Snape drawled sarcastically. 'I wouldn't want to disturb you, perhaps I should seek out Lucius.' Snape swallowed the tea down rather fast and slid out of the room before Narcissa could as much as blink. She sighed heavily before turning to face Harry again. 'He was always slippery like that.' It had turned out to be ridiculously easy to get access to Narcissa (something that Harry had anticipated having to work on for the whole holidays at least). It had, however, taken a half-week of consistent hints and mentioning the Black's for the current conversation and attitude to occur. Harry had worked hard, but thought when he got Sirius out (and he hoped it would be soon!) that Narcissa at least would be on side. Not two days into staying with the Dursleys Harry had received an owl from Draco inviting him to stay at Malfoy Manor for the week for a late celebration of his birthday. Harry had found the whole thing very amusing, as unlike his close friends, Draco was not aware that owls should be sent to Harry during the night. As such, the invitation came during breakfast, stopping Uncle Vernon mid-rant on the social parasites of society. Vernon's face had slowly started to turn an angry red as he had been hinting throughout the entire monologue that wizards pretty much all fell under that category. Harry had expected not to even see the mail, however the letter was lined with real gold, and was so pompous that it actually appealed to his Uncle's pretentious standards. Harry had topped off the comical experience by handing a letter which was included for Petunia over, watching Vernon's dark red face cycle through at least three shades until it settled on a shade of Purple as he finally got to the signed ' Lord and Lady Malfoy, second Earls of Wiltshire' . Fortunately the dilemma of whether or not to actually allow Harry to attend had been taken out of their hands, as Harry had also received a portkey which whisked him away before any of them even woke up on the following morning. No doubt he would be in trouble when he returned, but what was new there? Harry had given Draco a sneakoscope (in memory of Ron) from Knockturn alley for his present, then had spent the majority of the first day flirting with Narcissa. Draco had naturally found this rather annoying, however it seemed to amuse Theo and Daphne to no end. No doubt when Lucius returned home Draco had expected Harry to receive a strong snub, however Lucius had recognized a Slytherin play, and had simply rolled his eyes and offered Harry some Superior Red wine from their cellar. It had taken far more name drops throughout than Harry had anticipated needing in a Slytherin household, however he had managed to turn the topic back to the Black's enough times that Narcissa had eventually caught on. 'You seem very interested in my maiden name, Mr. Potter?' 'My Grandmother was a Black, and I'm Sirius Black's Heir… which I guess makes me head of the Black family.' It was risky mentioning that, but necessary. Harry remembered the huge fuss that had been made after the war when it came out that Harry had been made head of the Blacks. It was a title that everyone in the wizarding elite had expected to go to Draco due to Sirius' outlawed status. The Goblins however were only interested in increasing their holdings, so Sirius' claim had held. Narcissa sighed lightly, but Harry could only assume that that topic had already been breached due to his letters to Lucius. 'Do excuse my bluntness, but I can't for the magic in me figure out why Sirius made you heir before choosing to betray your-… Oh dear, you did know he was your parents secret keeper?' 'Hmm. So it would seem.' Harry said mildly. Now that he had the topic where he wanted it he needed to make all his legwork look like it hadn't existed. Sometimes he really wished that Voldemort and all his troops had been Gryffindors, or better yet, Hufflepuffs. It supposed subtlety seemed to be working as Harry could see Narcissa sending him glances out of the corner of her eye. 'You don't seem… at all angry at Sirius?' She said carefully. Harry pretended to hesitate then burst his sentence out all at once, 'Well it all seems rather unlikely.' 'Unlikely?' 'That Sirius would be so strongly against the Dark right up until the moment he joined Vol- The Dark Lord.' 'He wasn't disowned. One could usually count on Lord Black to know what's what.' Narcissa mused. Harry had always wondered about that, but honestly thought that Sirius' father had just been keeping all of his eggs out of one basket… or thinking he had. No matter how the old lines liked to say they were behind Voldemort's cause, Harry was quite sure their years of Line survival held a stronger allure deep down. 'His father didn't exactly