This Little Love REVISED Disclaimers: I don't own Twilight or any characters of Twilight. I own the specific plot I write and any characters I come up with. I don't make money off this story. Summary: Bella comes to Forks pregnant, and becomes the center of attention in the least likely of persons; the Cullen family. Edward is infatuated with Bella, and her unborn baby, and goes through her pregnancy with her while going through some changes of his own. Warnings: Some sexual content; coarse language; dubious actions (maybe). I'll add more if the need arises because I think I got them all. AN: Well, this is the newest version of my first multi-chaptered story. I won't take the original down, so don't worry if you were worrying. This will be like a second try at the same story to see if I can do better. Don't like what I write? Leave this story, don't review, and don't come back. Simple right? ***Don't like my warnings? Don't read them and read on at your own risk. Even simpler right? 00000000000000000 I gave another sigh for the tenth time as I continued to drive down the road to the local highschool that was coming into view. The school was old, and small, but I knew I was going to nose-deep into the school map if they delivered pity unto me, and handed one over. I was going to Forks Highschool since, obviously, I lived in Forks. I had just moved to Forks, Washington; A.K.A smallest town in the entire universe it seemed like, where everyone knew everyone. Everyone's grandparents knew everyone inside the dang cemetery in this town. I came to live with my dad for a brand new start in life for me, and my four month, unborn, kicking baby. I had gotten pregnant by my ex-boyfriend who had 'wanted' to take me in and care for the baby, but my 'age' was his 'cause for worry'. He was twenty-three, while I was seventeen. I hadn't seen a big cause for worry, but apparently it was a very worrisome thing when knocking up the girl whose mother had a full out fit with the man for abandoning me with my baby. My mom, bless her non-timid soul, forced him to sign rights over the baby over to her so he had no chance of taking the baby if his chance ever rose to take my precious child. She also threatened him with rape if that helped his choice along any. I never complained once. I just had Phil, my step-daddy, move me out of his house as quick as possible which wasn't hard to do since I only had clothes, and some personal possessions at his house. Everything else had stayed with my mom at her house when I was going through my rebellious phase of dating older men and being 'cool'. My cool streak was over. I was content on being mommy now. My mom had deeply wanted me to stay with her so she could help me with the baby and take care of me since I've been having trouble carrying, but I told her she needed be with Phil now that they were officially married. Phil was a baseball player, and he traveled a lot in the year. He was barely home two weeks at a time in a month before he had to go off and play ball. My mom had missed him terribly, so I moved myself out, and to a more appropriate environment then the last time. I moved to my father's who was happy to take me in and help me with my pregnancy. He was, to say the least, ecstatic about this pregnancy, considering I was still a teenager. I guess he really wanted to be a grandpa. I was happy to help anyway I could. My dad, Charlie Swan, was chief of police of Forks, so you can bet your tits that me coming to town pregnant caused a big stir in the small population of the town. Charlie had bought me a few of the necessary baby things as well; like a bassinette, a changing table, a baby cabinet, some diapers, wipes that were being put to my own use since baby had no need for them yet, and some baby clothes from his buddies' wives who had kids. The clothes were cute, and I kept all the ones I wanted and donated the rest to Goodwill. Dad had also spoiled me with a new bed, and threw out my old twin bed. This was a full-sized bed, and it was a Tempurpedic mattress. It was heaven sent, and I thanked dad every morning for buying it. I had somehow made space in my old childhood bedroom. I had taken out the old computer desk and computer, setting the crib in the nice view of my bed. My old wall dresser set with the mirror attached had stayed on Dad's insistence of me having something for my and the baby's clothes that didn't need hung up. Dad had forced me to keep some of the stuff in my room I wanted to rid for the sake of space, saying I needed some of my own stuff, like my rocking chair I honestly never wanted to rid. That thing brought back old memories of Charlie rocking me to sleep when I was younger and down for my summer visits. My nightstands had stayed, just so I could have something for my wolf lamp, my clock, and my reading glasses to stay on. I hated my glasses, but I sometimes needed them. I couldn't throw them out because the last time I tried I needed them desperately and had to get a new pair. Mom hadn't been happy that day to figure out I broke them on the third day having the new ones. Oh well. Phil bought me two extra pairs. I pulled out of my thoughts when I entered the student parking lot. My brand new mini-van didn't truly fit in with the old cars of the town, but Phil had bought it on the insistence of my baby possibly having a sibling inside there. I hated Phil officially for him saying that. I knew he jinxed me and I could now have twins; it was just my freaking, God sent luck. I picked a spot closet to the school as I could get, and got out as gracefully as I could with this baby not liking mommy driving/moving. She – I just knew I was having a baby girl – was having some type of fit in there, and I had to rub her silent. If but for five minutes of relief on my bladder. My poor organ needed a break or something. Everyone is always saying that she was too small to feel moving, and I shouldn't feel it at all, but I was the mommy and I knew what was going on inside my belly. They didn't. So NAH! I looked around the parking lot after taking off my Ray Bans to see all the teenagers of Forks were looking at me and my obviously filled belly. Blah. I hate attention! Now all these people would want to touch my belly thinking they had a right to touch and feel my kicking baby. I situated my backpack carefully on my shoulder, and walked in the direction of the front office that Dad had told me to go to before class. I took a look around the lot as I walked slowly so to not trip on ice or anything, and I noticed a group of beautiful looking people standing in a group around one man. I gazed to the man and saw he was looking right at me with seemingly black eyes from what I could tell at this distance. I mean, these people were freaking beautiful, and this dude was looking at me like I was a nice treat, or sexy model? What kind of tastes did people have in this town? As much as I wanted to keep looking at him, he had slowly turned his eyes to the smallest one in their group, and off my belly, and I had reached the door to the school where the front office was located at. I had gone inside the office, and felt immediate warmth from the heating system. "Hello?" I called out softly when I saw no one at the desk. "Just one second!" A woman's voice called out. "No problem!" I called out. This woman must have super hearing or something… Just five minutes of waiting and sitting in an empty chair, a plump woman with graying, short hair came out from a room with a few papers in her hand that she put on her desk after stepping behind the old rectangular wooden place. "Can I help you?" She asked me with a motherly smile. "Yes, I'm Bella Swan? Oh this chair hates me!" I grumbled as I struggled to get up until a very giving soul helped me out of it. "Thanks." I thanked the dude who shrugged it off and sat back down and read a magazine. The woman gained recognition. "Oh! Isabella Swan! Right; the chief's daughter! I have your stuff right here." She bustled about gathering papers. "Now, this is your schedule, the map of the school, some welcoming papers, and a handbook of all our rules. Considering the fact of your pregnancy, you've been exempt from gym; giving you a free period to do as you will on school grounds. Most go to the library to wait out the next class, but you can do what you need to. This is a slip I need all your teachers to sign today, and bring it back to me after school, okay?" She smiled motherly. I nodded and took all the paper she put into a blue folder for me. It had a stork sticker on it and I liked it! "Thank you, Mrs. Cope." I turned around and left the building. But not after bumping fists with the awesome chair helper dude like we were old buddies when I clearly didn't know him from anywhere. I stopped for a short second to take out my map and take a look at it to find out where my class was. I was to go to Building C. Where I'm at? Building A. "Screw it." I muttered when the bell rang. "Do you need some help?" I turned at the sound of a sweet voice, and saw an Asian girl who was about my height if not taller by an inch. "Where's Building C?" I asked her. She smiled. "Oh! I'm going there, too! I'm Angela. What class do you have?" She asked, and I handed over my schedule. "I'm Bella. I should have Jefferson for geography." I introduced myself to her. "I have this class with you! I'll walk you there." She offered and handed back my schedule with a smile on her face. I nodded readily. "Sure! Thanks. It saves me the trouble of tripping over my own two feet from being nose deep in that map." I laughed and situated the bag on my shoulder. Angela was nice enough to me. She hadn't asked to touch me – thank you, Lord – and she had offered to help in anything I didn't understand. I could definitely use a tutor, so I said absolutely. I was stupid sometimes, so someone smart as a friend was a must. Mr. Jefferson was super awesome. He gave me the seat in the back near the window, and had signed my slip quickly. I hated the stares from everyone just because I was carrying my child, but I suppose I had to deal with it until they gave up on their gossip. I briefly wondered what type of gossip they had spread from the types of looks I was getting. "Now, please open