Ranger's Folly, Prince's Fate by erobey | un-beta'd | Italics=thoughts Chapter One: Legolas Has a Request The soft chatter of voices reached him from ahead, four distinctive voices well known and loved, and Legolas, weary beyond exhaustion though he was, could not help but listen. They were talking of home and the leave promised at the end of this mission, of longing for the security of high talans and the comfort of soft beds, of sweet reunions, passionate and joyful, with mates or lovers, of filing one's arms with the warm, fragile resilience of a beloved child's body, lean little arms flung round the returned parent's neck, locked on tighter than a tick on a deer's flank, as squeals of laughter and shrieks of welcome exploded at ear-level. Mirth bubbled up over that, jokes about being near deaf for a ten-day and unable to go anywhere without the attached elfling, not even to empty the bladder or bathe. Those not so blessed, as yet, gave moving tribute in poetic terms, these stalwart soldiers, these inveterate assassins, of what it meant to see the light of love and feel the warmth of a gentle touch from those so dear to them it pained the heart in the most wondrous way. The phrases were such that songs were meant to carry them and, indeed, one of the warriors broke into a spontaneous ballad. 'I know him, and my heart leaps as the scent of him precedes his coming, soft and soundless through the leaves, he moves toward me, eyes filled with his spirit, which has pined for me these many days, As mine has sought for him in the dark and the night, in the midst of battle, in the stars cool and brilliant, in the rising sun and the running brook. And Lo! He is there; he is there! My joy expands and floods the forest, spills into the wind and speeds away through the air, a winged thing, swifter than a hawk, brighter than a scarlet singer, my love reaches him before I do and claims him before I do. I know him and follow my spirit, hastening to his arms to affirm what our hearts have already proclaimed: we are one, secured by love and sealed by desire; eternally, we are one.' Quiet praise followed the impromptu performance and Legolas dutifully added his, though the words struck him with a peculiar sort of agony he had come to expect of late, for now this song, these circumstances, combined to produce a more devastating twinge than normal. He slumped a bit on his mare's withers and a long sigh issued from his lungs. At once a firm hand clasped his upper arm to steady him. "Ernilen, do you need to halt and rest for a time?" the question was scarcely louder than a whisper as the tall elf leaned close, concern in his sharp green eyes and pensive brow. He scanned Legolas' face and peered into the gaze turned upon him, searching for the answer this way as he knew what words would follow his query. "I am weary, true, but not enough to make us stop. Please, Elboron, we all just want to get home," Legolas whispered back, sighing again when his captain sat straight and gaped at him in shock. "Please do not call attention to me," he pleaded. "I have no intent to do so, Brannon neth; I just was not expecting you to admit to the evident discomfort you suffer," said Elboron, compassion in his tone and touch as he gave a gentle squeeze and then let go. A brief pause ensued. "You are sure " "Aye, let it pass!" hissed Legolas, resuming a more upright posture. An inquisitive face turned in his direction and he glared at the warrior ahead so darkly the elleth hastily averted her eyes. The gleeful conversations had stopped, the warriors mute as each contemplated the homecoming now mere hours away. The danger intricately woven into their lives and careers lent the peace and serenity of common events a sweetness that was incomparable and much cherished. Sporting with death as they did, the silvan archers hungered for the simplicity of their sheltered corner of the ancient woods where music and dance, the hunt and the feast, the stars and the turn of the seasons fixed the focus of their existence and bound them together. There it was yet possible to forget, for a little while, that they were a people besieged, struggling for the right to remain free. Truly, Legolas did not begrudge them their avowals of love, their bursting pride over adored children, or even the detailed referrals to bed-sport and trysting. These were not just warriors under his father's command but comrades he had known all his life, his boon companions since their elfling days when the five of them had distinguished themselves as prodigies in the art of killing. Selected out from among their peers, the common gift and the rigourous training to which they were thenceforth subjected forged a deep bond between them. Yet, of late, a breach had opened betwixt them; one that separated Legolas from his dearest friends. Alone among them, he had no lover, no mate, no family of his own. For the first time since their introduction to one another, Legolas was left out. The pain and weariness lends their friendly banter a less genial note to my ears and that is to be expected, as is their need to express their hope and happiness. After the rigours we've endured, they are bound to be more vocal, more urgent in their desire for home and family again. So Legolas rationalised his discontent. Indeed, it had been a near thing whether they would ever return and only extreme measures had kept Elboron from losing the entire troop to the long death of imprisonment and torture in Dol Guldur. Legolas was not the only casualty but his hurts were the more serious and, while not life-threatening, the injuries were also not trivial. The unrelenting ache and throb had him feeling keenly every bit of the effort their escape had cost. On top of these physical woes, his pride had taken a terrible blow, for the truth could not be denied and would have to enter the official report of the mission. While providing the diversion required to permit the troop's escape, Legolas had fallen from the heights, brought down by a careless misstep onto a branch rotted and crumbling. He landed hard and barely had time to recover his breath before a contingent of orcs swarmed in to capture him. That had been a fierce and bloody battle that came to daggers before he got back into the trees and managed to flee. When Elboron spied him, staggering with stiff, ungainly steps through the canopy, tunic drenched dark with both elvish and orcish blood, wheezing in laboured efforts to get enough air, he nearly fainted. More than a trusted captain and mentor, he was Thranduil's younger brother and the one person in all the realm the King trusted to keep his beloved son safe. Fortunately, the wounds looked far worse than truly they were and Elboron was relieved to learn that as he tended the gashes and carefully splinted a badly swollen wrist. This Legolas regretted the most, causing his uncle the distress and guilt of seeing him bloodied and battered and spent. Now he would not leave Legolas' side and while his presence was an undeniable comfort, it reinforced a nagging loss of confidence. Legolas sighed again, this time with enough volume that it came forth sounding more like an abbreviated groan. Every head turned to him and again Elboron took careful hold of his good arm. "Valar, this pace is a hindrance," Legolas complained to cover his despondency. "Can we not hurry a bit, toradar? We are all eager to reach the gates before night." "I agree and will feel better to have a healer examine those injuries," Elboron said and then delivered the ultimatum. "You will ride with me, torion, if I see you falter." "I will not," averred Legolas and leaned low over his mount's neck as he nudged her side for speed. They bounded away in the lead and he smiled through the pain, pleased to hear the thunder of hooves as the others followed. Soon Elboron caught up and abreast they crossed over into the stronghold, a bright blare of trumpets heralding their return. The healers kept him an entire day and night but Legolas was not inclined to grouse at his confinement. His father came and spent the time with him, reading to him, challenging him to strategy games or cards to chase away boredom, although Thranduil was no stranger to his son's moods and knew well this was not the cause of Legolas' discontent. At last he coaxed the truth out and Legolas had been only too glad to reveal the source of his hurt and disappointment: Not one of his friends had come by the infirmary to visit him. Thranduil enumerated the reasons, noting Legolas' deepening ill humour to hear of obligations to mates, lovers, or family. He drifted into restless reverie as Ithil reached its zenith and Thranduil watched over him, concerned but patient. Legolas would seek him out only when he had thoroughly examined his dilemma from every imaginable angle and arrived at his chosen resolution. Then it would be his father's counsel he craved, needing to hear confirmation of his wisdom or rational reasons not to pursue his plan, along with possible alternatives. The moment arrived far sooner than the worried father expected. A perfunctory tap on the boards announced Legolas' entrance as he pushed open the door and sauntered into his Ada's study, Thranduil looking up with a smile to see his son in what he internally termed his 'comfort clothes': the loose fitting raw silk pants and tunic worn for training in hand-to-hand combat. Indeed, he knew Legolas slept in them, when he wore anything for sleep, and their appearance bespoke both his unabated weariness and his deep contentment to be home, free of the worry and travail of the mission just completed. A slight frown crossed his brow as Legolas fairly flowed into his favourite chair, exhaling deeply and flopping bonelessly into the deep leather upholstery, raising his bare feet to rest upon the footstool as he glanced toward his father, a hesitant smile only enhancing the depth of exhaustion showing in his eyes. "Have you time for a brief word, Ada?" he asked. "Of course," Thranduil got up from his desk at once and poured a small cup of wine for them both, though it was barely the noon hour, and pressed this into Legolas' hands as he sat across from his son in the matching chair. "I always have time for your concerns." He paused, wondering what had his child so melancholy of late, thinking back now to determine how long this bleak mood had dogged Legolas. The estimate his memory supplied caused him a sudden surge of alarm, for it had been months since Legolas' laughter filled this room. "I was going to ask how you feel but the answer is before me," Thranduil said quietly. "I fear you have left the infirmary too soon, ionen." "Nay, I am improved since this morning. Still, this was one of the most unsuccessful missions I have yet completed," he admitted, "for though I have taken worse wounds, seldom are our sorties so ineffective. Indeed, we gathered no new intelligence at all for our troubles." "Yet this is not the reason you are here now," said Thranduil shrewdly. He had already had Elboron's report. "Speak your mind, ion, and share this burden." Another deep-drawn sigh filled the air before Legolas took a taste of the wine and then he made an effort to sit straight, a fleeting glance checking his father's eyes to gauge the monarch's mood. Curious and concerned