To Resist both Wind and Tide by erobey | un-beta'd | Italics=thoughts "What fates impose, that men must needs abide; It boots not to resist both wind and tide." Chapter One: Ambush in Rhovanian Summary: This story is for Ana, a dear friend and gifted writer who composes the very hottest and most romantic A/L stories, manages to keep Arwen in them (sometimes), and keeps them all real and believable. Find her work over on Of Elves and Men archive listed as: Ana the Library Elf. This tale is just a small token of thanks for the many years of support and friendship she has shown me :-) Hope everyone else enjoys it, too. The Chronicles tell of Aragorn's years of service to Thengel and to Ecthelion prior to the Ring Wars. In 2980, Thengel died and Aragorn left Gondor, heading east. It is shortly after this that he returned to Lorien and made his pledge to Arwen. This story takes place in that time period, but fate intervenes and Aragorn never returns to the fair Evenstar. Aragorn is 49 years old. The title is taken from Shakespeare's Henry VI. Aragorn spared a second to silently name himself every kind of fool, unsheathing his sword and cursing the stubborn pride that had made him reject Ecthelion's offer of a full battalion of cavalry for the journey eastward. Yet they wouldn't have been the Steward's men at all but Denethor's, the Steward yet to be, and an uneasy and distrustful truce was the best Isildur's heir could manage to accord his keen-eyed, suspicious, and perilous cousin. Still, men of Gondor, be they Denethor's or Ecthelion's, would not have faltered in the current situation, for Uruks were the most despised of all Sauron's minions, and Aragorn would have been glad for the aid of a few strong arms and sharp blades. In truth, too many years have I dwelled in the White City to be so easily duped as this. He should never have followed their trail at all. The Uruks' could only be heading for Mirkwood and Dol Guldur. He should have at the very least gone back to Rohan to gather reinforcements. Somehow they'd caught his scent and decided to turn and eliminate their unwanted tagalong. Whatever they were planning to do in Mirkwood, it must be important for them to fear any news of it reaching those who opposed the growing might of Sauron. Not that it matters now. Issuing forth a mighty shout he charged into the fray, cleaving the head from the lead Uruk barrelling toward him, permanently spoiling its plan to do the same to him. He shoved the spouting corpse into the path of the next fastest one and swivelled to chop free its blade-bearing hand. A black-fletched bolt whizzed past his neck and yanked loose a strand or two of hair. Hastily he darted low and cut a dipping feint beneath an up-raised sabre aiming for his head and saw the orcish archer's next arrow skewer that self-same arm. Still moving forward through the stampeding throng, he caught up his dagger, leaped, and let it fly while using the downward momentum to enhance the thrust of his sword. The steel made a peculiar squealing, scraping sound as it ploughed through a slavering, fang bedecked maw and out at the base of the scull. Hauling the blade free, he elbowed an armoured back, marked with satisfaction in which beast's throat his dagger was buried, dodged an axe blade with scant millimetres to spare, and on the follow through managed to hack away its bearer's knee. Four down and only seven more to fell. Aragorn knew full well he was facing his death; the odds against him were too great. As though to seal the prediction, a blade got past his defences, or rather reached him through non-existent defences. It was impossible to guard all sides at once. Not even an elf was that fast. The wound was not bad, a nick in the flesh of his thigh, but it made him stumble and that proved fortuitous, dropping him beneath a sabre that surely would have decapitated him. A quick turn and roll and his sword was up, positioned to block a killing jab from another blade, but it was only a matter of time. And not much at that . The whine of another arrow split the air and was followed by more, but he could not locate the archer nor hope to stop him. The Uruk bowman was far from the heat of the battle, firing at his leisure, secure in the safety distance ensured. This is why he really hated Uruks; they were much better soldiers than common orcs and Sauron had taken great delight in ensuring his abominations possessed nearly the same accuracy with the bow as did the archers of Lorien. Aragorn's only hope was to use the dense press of bodies around him as living shields. Either he will pierce his comrades in error and thus aid me or he must stop firing and thus aid me either way. A loud grunt confirmed the former scenario as an Uruk went down and his fellows trampled over the convulsing body. In quick succession two more were likewise pierced and felled. Aragorn grinned, kicked the legs out from under his nearest assailant, and managed to gut another before a second jagged and rending jolt of agony burst through his concentration. He gritted his teeth against it and twisted away, hearing his own flesh rip, his own voice cry out, and then he was down, sword trapped beneath him, back exposed. That should have been the end of him for there were still six or more Uruks on the attack. Instead, he scrambled up and swung wildly at the bulky black blur looming close, connecting with its body so hard he ended up on his knees again, the vile thing's blood spewing all over his face. Retching, he staggered back to his feet and heaved his sword at another, cleaving only air this time, but the Uruk fell all the same. None took its place. He faltered and nearly lost his balance again, then rallied, struggling to raise his sword a last time, the tear in his shoulder screaming in protest, or rather he was screaming in protest. There were no foes to answer that final, savage challenge. The yelling and screeching and clamour of battle was over. It made no sense. How could it be over and he still alive? Aragorn peered at the scene in confusion. All the Uruks were felled, be they dead or dying. Chest heaving, mindful of blood dampening his back and icy pain accompanying every in-drawn breath, he turned warily about, sword at the ready. Surely they had retreated and were regrouping. He scanned the distance but the only motion came from the swaying grass. Every one of the Uruks was finished and his senses told him there were no more in hiding, not even the elusive archer. How? Wanting nothing more than to tend the injury to his shoulder, he dismissed the desire to sit and rest. This had to be some hoax, some trap. He could not accept the truth his sight revealed. Once more he turned and surveyed the carnage, counting the bodies scattered over the churned and riven earth, nose wrinkling at the stench of bitter blood clotting in the heat of the sun, unable to grasp how his fate had changed so quickly, so favourably. He thought perhaps Mithrandir was lurking somewhere about, or his brothers had come upon him by some unforeseen turn of luck, but all was silent and desolate. There was no one. No one. Yet there must be. Aragorn only saw him because he fell, a silent, weightless drop to the earth, a bright flash of golden hair the flag that marked his fall. Huddled in a crumpled heap at the uttermost verge of the drab, brown plains, beyond the reach of the shadow cast by the whispering leaves and out-stretched limbs of Mirkwood, just there lay the body of his unknown ally: a lone Wood Elf. Stunned, Aragorn could but stare, bewildered and befuddled, for the silvan folk of Thranduil's realm did not venture this far south. They remained secluded in the northern-most corner of the ancient woods, pushed back even beyond the boundary of the Forest Road, dwelling, if the legends were true, beneath the ground like dwarven folk. They never travelled singly, either, or would dare pass Dol Guldur as this one must have done. Wood Elves do not go that way. Apparently, they did. Obviously, this one did. Unless he was dreaming, and the dire pain of the rent in his shoulder said he was not, then there lay a solitary Wood Elf, fallen that he might live. The notion burst through his scattered thoughts and Aragorn found his senses, gave a horrified cry, and raced through the shin-high grass of the sand-coloured sward, casting down his weapon as he came near and knelt beside the still and lifeless form. Fingers trembling and bloody reached for the neck beneath the swath of sunlit hair and Aragorn pressed, seeking a pulse. All the air gushed from his lungs in a giddy bark of triumph when he felt it, faint and fast. Absently he wiped his gory hand across the grass before carefully turning the warrior over, grimacing in dismay to find a black arrow drilled deep between his ribs. The lung will be punctured. He knew better than to remove the shaft until he had means to properly treat the internal damage, too, and continued his assessment. The arrow wound was the only visible injury and while such was not necessarily fatal, especially among the First-born who were by design rather difficult to kill, the likelihood of the bolt being tipped in poison was high. If such was the case, the quicker he could reach Lothlorien the better, and so thinking Aragorn grasped the feathered end of the embedded arrow and snapped it off, so to lessen the chance of aggravating the wound during travel. The report sounded loud in the empty space but not nearly so voluble as the piercing cry that fled the Wood Elf's lips. Eyes that had been sealed flew open to gaze upon him in fear and anger, limbs that had been lifeless cast Aragorn back upon his rear and reached to snatch hold of a most efficient looking bow, while legs that should not be able to bear any weight carried him upright in seconds. The man found himself staring at the point of a very well made arrow and noted with interest that it was crafted from obsidian, the delicate scallops defining its apex perfectly symmetrical and evenly placed. A harsh gasp left the elf's struggling lungs as bolt and bow both wavered before toppling amid the desiccated grass. Aragorn looked up into panicked blue eyes as the warrior clutched his chest, fingers gingerly laced about the ugly stub of black-stained wood, fighting to breathe. "Bâ! Ai, ni skarna, kalrô de de skarna orkuî tultâ, ni meina, kalrô, de deljâ " His speech was strange to hear, the words cut off as he doubled over, coughing and gasping, and Aragorn knew not what it meant. He caught the suffering ellon just as he pitched forward, vomiting blood and something darker down his tattered tunic. A feeble groan followed and then he was limp and silent once more, hair hanging all about and spilling over Aragorn's lap. "This is not meet," said Aragorn aloud, glancing up at the cloud spattered sky as though he thought to find Manwë himself drifting on the gusting wind and watching over the scene. With a sigh of resignation he eased the elf back to lie upon the ground and stood, hand shielding his eyes as he scanned the trampled ground for signs of his pack, hastily cast aside ere the fight began. No