by erobey | un-beta'd | Italics=thoughts Fractured Light In the Office of the Elven Lord "You must understand, we were but children when our mother died and he has depended on me since then." The ellon shifted in his chair and flashed the renowned elder behind the desk an imploring glance filled with guilt and denial. His eyes dropped back to the hands folded neatly in his lap, the fabric atop which they rested darkly stained with blood. There was so much of it and it was all his brother's. A sharp breath left him and he raised his eyes again. "Tell me that you can help him," he pleaded, scooting to the utter edge of the seat and gripping the smooth wood of the desk. "I have yet to examine him," Elrond answered, "but I will do all within my power to aid your brother. The immediate threat has passed and he is in the care of my best healers. Still, it is pointless to send me to him without any information. You have yet to answer me, Thranduilion." "Yes," the eyes looked away again as the elf retreated to the farthest limits of the chair, crowding up against the sturdy arm, leaning and turning to gaze out through the open veranda to the garden beyond. It was a fair land of peace and learning, a place he had always longed to visit, but not under these conditions. He was quiet a long time and Elrond permitted the silence, observing his unexpected guest closely. Tall and comely in the manner of the Sindarin folk of old, Rammas strongly favoured his father with golden hair and a haughty brow. His eyes were not the same vibrant green of the famous King; instead, the irises were a shadowy kind of hazel, the sort of eyes that changed colour depending on the light or the mood afflicting the heart. Today, now, they were the palest shade of citron he had ever seen and packed with remorse, worry, and what looked very like shame. That hint of mortified horror was the reason for this conference, for the wise healer had spotted the underlying emotion fuelling the prince's agitation as soon as he'd trained vision upon him. Fear for his younger brother's life was primary, yet this other concern followed right on it and that was troubling. What could be the source of Rammas' disgrace and how was it connected to his brother's condition? The younger prince lay so near death his recovery was still questionable, but this Elrond would not reveal. Not yet. It was uncommon for an elf to attempt suicide, yet there was no question the injuries were self-inflicted. That he had been discovered in time was irrelevant; the younger brother had hoped only to die and had chosen the quickest method at his disposal: slicing through his wrists with one of his daggers. He would of course interview the despondent elf, but he wanted to hear Rammas' explanation first. He would know why the failed suicide rendered Rammas ashamed. Elrond kept his features placid and his internal musing obscured, a skill required of all healers and one he had mastered so many years ago he was no longer cognisant of employing it. Whatever was at the heart of this tragedy, he would extract it through patient silence and careful questions. A deep sigh left Rammas and he finally turned back to his host. "Lord Elrond, I never meant anything like this to happen. We were on our way to the Havens and there I intended put him on a ship for Aman. I did not think he was so lost else I would not have permitted him to have any weapons. Valar! I would have bound him hand and foot had I suspected he could do such an act of violence upon himself!" Rammas shot out of his chair and paced around the spacious office, never seeing the elegance with which it was furnished, the artwork on the walls, the towering case of tomes and scrolls. He did notice the quiet scribe sitting in the corner, dutifully documenting the conversation, and scowled as he returned to the desk and threw himself down in the chair. He pointed at the silent witness. "Is this necessary? What I would say to you is private, of a highly personal nature and should word get out it would impact my Adar severely. I will not have our family's distress become the fodder that feeds the gossip mills of this land." Elrond raised his brows. Rammas was trying very hard to justify why he had permitted his brother access to weapons, but this was not the underlying source of his guilt. Nor was this talk of scandal and gossip the reason for his deep sense of humiliation. Even the fear for his father's health felt exaggerated. Elrond decided to challenge this last assertion. "Do you mean to say your father does not know his younger son was bound for Mithlond? Does he not know of his despair?" Elrond asked. "Of course he does," groaned Rammas, leaning forward and rubbing at his temples, another surreptitious peek gauging his host's reaction. It availed him nothing; the ancient lore-master just stared, features bland and thoughts inscrutable. Elrond watched him, simultaneously intrigued and disturbed, for he detected subtle indications that Rammas was putting on a show. His histrionics could only be designed to prevent discovery of the facts. The elder prince was hiding something, its roots far back in the brothers' elfling days, something of which their father had no understanding. Something he does not want his Adar to learn. That lay at the core of his anxiety, but Elrond saw no means by which the King could be prevented from finding out about his second child's efforts to destroy himself. Now that the ellon was in Imladris, Rammas had to realise his father would be notified. Elrond was honour bound to do so and to make every effort to uncover and ameliorate the cause of this morbid behaviour. A matter of the heart, surely. In all the Elven Lord's vast experience, suicide among the First-born had but one source: a shattered soul. The question, then, was why Rammas would fear to have this revealed and again one answer materialised quickly: an unfortunate competition between the brothers to gain the favour of this love interest, a contest Rammas had won. If this were the case, that would explain the elder brother's guilt but not his shame. So the display presented was meant to answer the bald fact of the dire situation with at best half-truths, which were often harder to disprove than outright lies. Rammas is protecting himself, or the object of the contention, why? Whatever the reason, it did not include regard for his brother's fractured heart. This was not lost on Elrond and displeased him greatly. Beneath his grief and shame, would he be relieved if I fail to heal this lesser prince? "Hîren, I must beg you to send that scribe away, at least for now," Rammas started up again, nervous in the lengthening silence. "Allow me to explain this for your ears alone and then if you deem it must be recorded I will accept your decision." Elrond thought about that, wondering if he should grant this request given his certainty that Rammas was implicated in his brother's fate. There was more here than the normal guilt family members experienced when one of their own tried to die, more than the guilt of being the successful suitor. He did not want to gloss over something this serious, believing it a disservice to the suffering elf as well as Rammas. True healing could only come about if the brothers reconciled whatever had come between them. Perhaps Greenwood's heir would more readily expound on the truth if he believed his secrets were shared only with an equal. Elrond decided there could be no harm in deferring the official record and gave a quick command to his secretary, who rose and left without comment. "There. Rammas, my only hope is to uncover what led to your brother's rash act." Elrond smiled at him. "Now, tell me of Legolas and what happened when you were but children." "Thank you, Hîren. You will see it is for the best. Such a subject must not get abroad. Legolas is a fine warrior and has never failed to serve with honour and distinction. His recent actions concerned us, Adar and I, to the point that we decided he must go over sea." "How did Legolas himself react to this decision?" Elrond interrupted. "Not well," Rammas paused and rubbed a hand over his face. "He accused me of trying to get rid of him. He said it was not necessary, that if I wanted him gone he could manage that without help." "And the first attempt was made at this time," Elrond nodded, having suspected previous efforts would have been made. He could see wary surprise in Rammas' eyes; as if he had not thought elvendom's best healer would understand such things, and diverted him from contemplating this misjudgement. "Tell me about the behaviour that caught your father's notice." "It first came to Talagan's attention. He is captain of Legolas' patrol. Soon after I began courting, Legolas requested extended deployment. His reasons were not far-fetched and no one suspected an ulterior motive, yet once the request was approved, he began exhibiting recklessness. He was taking wild chances and placing himself in unnecessary risk. Talagan brought him back unconscious, seriously wounded. He advised Adar to place him on indefinite leave and in the care of the healers." "The captain thought he was courting death." "Yes." "Your father did as he suggested?" "He did but Legolas would not co-operate. The healers could not divine the source of his malaise and Legolas would speak to no one, not even me." Rammas rubbed his chin, frowning as he spoke and sent the famous healer a speculative look. "That is unusual," stated Elrond. "It is my experience in such cases that initially the suffering person seeks to alert those he loves, though the means are distressing and often take the form of accusations aimed at the very ones he loves most." Rammas blinked several times in succession, saying nothing at first, and then he shifted in the chair and amended his report. "I did not want to talk about that," he intoned, studiously avoiding Elrond's eyes. "He told Adar that he was heart-broken and the fault was mine, that I had taken away all chance for happiness. Adar was furious, first with me but when he was able to confirm that I had not chased away or stolen away Legolas' love interest, his anger turned back upon my brother. There was a volatile row and the things Legolas said, so dark and filled with scorn, earned him a blow to the cheek. He's never been struck before and I think that was the breaking point. That very night he tried to end his life." "I understand," nodded Elrond, sympathetic and benevolent. In fact, he heard deceit in Rammas' account and surmised this argument had not been between Thranduil and Legolas, but between the younger prince and his brother. "What method did he use?" "A repeat of his actions while on duty. He left the stronghold and invaded a spider colony alone. Fortunately, there are always patrols on alert throughout Greenwood and one of these spotted him. The captain wisely decided to follow his prince and thus Legolas was extricated from the vile monsters' clutches in time to administer the antidote to the venom." Rammas was twisting his hands together and once more averted his eyes as he told this tale. Elrond waited, wondering if the prince realised that Legolas must have wanted to be found and saved. Before he could try to draw out that notion, the prince began again. "I behaved badly; I admit it freely. I