Beautiful Dreamer by erobey un-beta'd italics = thoughts Part One: An Appointment with the Great Healer Elrond watched Legolas through the open window, compassionate amusement glimmering in his grey eyes, as the fair woodland prince attempted to work up the nerve to come through the door, pacing up the path with bold resolve which evaporated as soon as he came within two metres of the steps. An abrupt turn to the left put him in the way of one of the ubiquitous and anonymous pages and they nearly collided, then danced side to side as each tried to move out of the other's way. He extricated himself with a frantic 'excuse me!' and stalked away in haste, heading out into the grounds away from the landscaped terraces of the Last Homely House. He'd tried twice yesterday and given up; the day prior he'd strolled through the garden and past the entry no less than four times but never approached the door. Elrond shook his head and resumed his work; it was only a matter of time. At the evening meal he observed the ellon closely, seeing beyond the courtly grace and elegance to the edgy strain of nervous tension magnified by a lengthy span of days without rest. He wasn't eating much either yet sipped regularly from his goblet. Elrond permitted a faint frown to pucker his brow; he would have to take matters in hand if there was no change soon. He motioned for the server and discreetly ordered Legolas' wine to be diluted. It would not do for the tautly wound archer to succumb to over indulgence and the loss of judgement incumbent to the condition. He decided to join the household for the after dinner entertainment and keep an eye on the troubled Wood Elf. "What's wrong with Thranduilion?" asked a voice near his ear and Elrond turned to meet Glorfindel's disapproving scowl. The great healer lowered his brows in censure. "Don't call him that; he hates it," he corrected in stern tones. "Why do you assume there's something wrong? Mayhap I just like looking at him. He's quite attractive." The snort that issued from Glorfindel's nostrils effectively expressed his disbelief and in case it didn't he added an eye roll and a half shake of his head to emphasise the opinion. Elrond glared. "Are you implying I no longer have the capacity to adequately appreciate an alluring face and form?" "Appreciate? Is that the polite term now? Things have changed so much since last I was in Middle-earth," quipped Glorfindel, hoping to evade any further demands for clarification of his non-verbal commentary on the state of his Lord's love-life. "Put another way, if nothing is the matter then why is he still here?" "He has not been here long," Elrond replied. In fact he'd been in Imladris a month but only in the last two weeks had Legolas been fit enough to be released from the House of Healing. His arrival had been unannounced, unexpected, and wholly unorthodox. One evening as Elrond left his office for the day, the last petitioner satisfied, the final meeting concluded, all his reports dictated, orders signed and delivered, he'd startled to discover the Wood Elf propped upright against the wall in the antechamber, literally asleep on his feet. Never having seen Thranduil's son, Elrond had no inkling that his sleeping visitor was more than a messenger from Greenwood, but that in itself was a novelty. The secretary assigned to monitoring who came was called in and had no idea who he was or how he'd come to be there. A page divulged he'd let the messenger in through the side door and directed him to see the secretary though the Wood Elf insisted he had to speak with Lord Elrond and no one else. During this discussion the elf started to tilt, sliding sideways toward the floor, and came awake with a severe jolt, drawing a long knife and dropping into a defencive crouch as he rasped out 'Die, spawn of Sauron!'. His blue eyes blinked, fixed on Elrond, and grew huge and wide. 'You are not an orc,' he'd stated and then crumpled into a senseless heap. The Lord of Imladris had him taken to the infirmary where he was treated for exhaustion, a broken clavicle, and an ugly stab wound going putrid from lack of treatment. The able healers attending him reported his progress satisfactory but mentioned an unexpected symptom. The elf was beset by dreams that kept him in a tormented state of elevated arousal. Well, professional curiosity must be satisfied and Elrond hastened to the sickroom to see for himself. The archer was indeed impressively hard and writhed in feverish misery as he moaned and masturbated without effecting release. The remedy was simplicity itself. Elrond calmly took the rigid organ in hand and held it firm, ordering the elf to come. He did, explosively and with a long low wail, slipping into a deeper state of unconsciousness afterwards. The Lord of Imladris did not have to instruct his staff to observe discretion over the event; all of his healers were consummate professionals. Even so, they dressed their unconscious charge with great reluctance. Obviously all elves have dreams, dreams of all kinds and varieties. Waking dreams of reverie filled with memory of former days; dreams of foretelling that can be incoherent, confusing, and depending on the events foretold, frightening; dreams of introspection for reviewing a situation and deriving an important fact or lesson; silly fantasies of daring deeds or lurid sexual pleasures. Given the bizarre nature of his arrival and the evidence Elrond was cleaning from his hand, he felt certain he understood the reason the archer had journeyed to Imladris. He wanted to consult the renowned healer and be cured of the erotic phantasm. He visited the elf the next day when he was awake and found out who he was. Then Elrond began to worry a bit, especially since Legolas got that same stunned expression on his face, stuttered and stumbled through an impossibly improbable explanation for his poor state of health involving a fight in the dark with either really big orcs or very small trolls, a misstep at the edge of some sort of precipice, and a fall into a ravine at the bottom of which lay the remains of a long-dead dragon. It was a dorsal bone spike that had impaled him when he landed, he'd said, and oh yes, he'd brought the post, the reason for travelling over the mountains, but lost it somewhere in the Troll Shaws. Elrond sent a message off to Thranduil at once to let him know Legolas was safe, not for a second believing he had come all this way just to deliver the monthly dispatch of personal and political correspondence. Suddenly realising he was staring fixedly at the subject of this recollection and thus heightening the ellon's level of anxiety, Elrond removed his attention to Glorfindel only to find the ancient Elda smirking at him, left brow arched in amusement. "I guess you might be able to appreciate him at that," he said. Now it was Elrond's turn to roll his eyes. "All right, that's enough of this appreciation business." "You started it." "And I'm finishing it! There is something troubling Legolas that he needs to talk about, but hasn't yet gathered sufficient mettle to face me." "Any word from Thranduil that might enlighten us?" asked Glorfindel. "Just a typically terse 'thank you, peredhel'." Glorfindel's eyes widened drastically. "He said thank you? The haughty King of Wood Elves must have been worried, indeed!" "Don't be unkind," admonished Elrond. "Not being a father, you can't understand." "Who says I'm not a father?" demanded Glorfindel with a sly twinkle in his bold, bright eyes and this finally made Elrond laugh. The meal was over and he rose, at which action a cacophony of chairs scraping the floor filled the room as the many and perpetual guests of the realm left the table and drifted in pairs through the open arcade and into the gardens. There was to be a moonlight serenade and everyone was eager to find a comfortable corner or a suitably shielded romantic spot from which to appreciate the music. Elrond watched Legolas leading away a fair maiden and smiled warmly. Perhaps the archer would be more relaxed in the morning. "That looks promising," Glorfindel had obviously been watching him, too, but somehow this cheery comment was edged in disapprobation. "It does." Elrond knew better than to confront his friend. Glorfindel had the notion that his heart was deeply hidden and fully shielded, but the lore-master was wise to the legendary warrior. While he was wont to boast of numerous conquests for the sake of ego and to satisfy the expectations of his adoring public, he was in reality painfully shy and had not had a single affair since arriving in the valley. "Still, whatever brought him here must be serious to have come all this way alone, an exceedingly reckless thing to do," he added reprovingly yet with an undercurrent of incongruent hope. "Youth is often reckless," reminded Elrond, "and what one deems dire and extreme in youth often proves no hindrance at all once time hammers the body into submission and the soul into steel." "So you do think it's about sex?" Glorfindel's tone was again morose. "He's the right age," Elrond shrugged. "It is a universal experience, mistaking the keen edge of desire for love, toppling into fretting grief when the sensation diminishes and the object of that desire no longer stirs the same passion. He thinks he's fading, as we all have thought." Elrond and Glorfindel shared nostalgic smiles, each recalling former days of youth when the delights of the flesh were new, thrilling, and vaguely frightening. "May Vairë hear you and make it nothing more," the Balrog-slayer prayed and took his leave, striding away with an ebullient step that was obviously forced to the healer's discerning eye. He should have stayed, thought Elrond, for then he would have spied Legolas slipping away through the shadows alone, heading again for the deserted isolation of the countryside. At dawn Legolas was slouched in a chair on one of the east facing terraces, listlessly rolling a mug of tea between his palms, watching the sunrise through harried eyes that utterly failed to appreciate the soul-stirring scene, his entire being radiating distress and frustration. He looked as haggard and fatigued as he had on arrival and was even more withdrawn and disengaged from the world around him, something uncommon indeed for an elf of the woodlands. No wonder he was so distraught, thought Elrond, for such distraction could very well be lethal in the besieged kingdom of Mirkwood. This could not continue. He was about to go and confront him when Glorfindel arrived. "He spent the night on the archery fields, not bedding a fair lady," he announced, both pleased and concerned. "Best form I've ever seen; makes even my most experienced archers look like novices. He never missed the center, firing in the dark from the farthest position possible. And such speed! His hands were a mere blur of motion. Thranduil must miss him terribly." "I am sure he does, Glorfindel, but not because of his expertise with the bow," frowned Elrond. "What have you got against the Woodland King?" "Nothing!" The mighty Elda was all shocked innocence and wounded honour. "Can I not appreciate a fine warrior's skills without being accused of prejudice against his father?" He stalked away with a huff. Elrond raised his brows over this choice of wording and watched as Glorfindel chose a route that carried him right in front of Legolas, whom he greeted with a gruff 'Maur aur, Thranduilion' which made the ellon jump and spill his tea all over his lap. The peaceful morning was disrupted by a gracefully incongruous and stunningly tumultuous pas-de-deux. Legolas leaped up with a pained cry, Glorfindel began apologising profusely