Snow Scene takes place within the same scenario as Legolas and the Balrog, and thus the cast of characters is identical. To refresh yourself on who's who, see Balrog9. Legolas' older sister Brithla is featured here, as she didn't get much 'screen time' in Balrog. I'm not exactly sure (I've been working on it a very very long time) but I think this is just prior to the fateful journey of Erestor, Cugu, and Toloth to the Woodland Realm, in the deeps of winter as the title implies. You might notice he is a little more mature by the time the Imladrians show up in spring. erobey SNOW SCENE a Little Legolas Story "Now hold still, pen dithen, or I will not be able to get the laces tied up tight. I do not want you to step on one and stumble." Legolas did not wish to be still, not at all. He did not understand why he needed an extra pair of boots over the shoes he always wore. His feet felt heavy and almost seemed like they were not even his. Not that he disliked the boots, not at all, for they were made of thick brown bear's fur and reached all the way up his legs to his knees, making it look like he had big bear claws instead of elfling toes underneath the shaggy hide. The laces criss-crossed all around his calf, holding the boots firmly in place, and Legolas almost laughed aloud thinking of their funny name: brôgbôd (bear foot). It did not even sound like other words he knew. Maybe it was shape-changer speech. Yes, it was Beorning-talk; he was certain of it. "Brôgbôd brôgbôd brôgbôd," he practised carefully, wishing he could swing his legs as he did, and he could tell Brithla (Pearl) smiled to hear it even though he could not see her face. As soon as she turned him loose he was going to stomp around and bellow like a Beorning bear-man. He wished he had bear paw mittens to match instead of the warm woollen ones resting on the bed. He sat in Brithla's lap, squirming mightily, pinned between her arms as she worked to knot the laces. He hoped to get loose at least one hand so that he could reach out and touch the soft white fur trimming the brand new cloak his sister had brought him. He knew the fur was soft because he had already caressed it, running his small slender fingers through the plush pelt in wonder, but that was only for a mere instant before Brithla snatched it up and laid it across the bed out of reach, saying he would dirty it with his grubby hands. Legolas had scowled fiercely at that, imitating his Ada's most serious 'obey now or go to the corner' look, just to let her know his hands were not at all grubby. Sticky, mayhap, just a tiny bit, because he had managed to sneak a biscuit from the pantry when Brithla was busy tidying up, but not grubby . "Not Grubby!" he suddenly announced with proper princely indignation. "I will touch!" The elfling made a lunge for the cape, short arms reaching as far as he could stretch them, showing Brithla his teeth for extra emphasis. It did not work. Brithla caught him firmly round the waist and lifted him right up as she stood, laughing, twirling around and away from the bed, bright blithe jollity winging through the room like a flock of finches singing, echoing in the cavern like the notes of the harp she played at minuial on Nana's Day. Legolas was torn between joining her merry mirth, for the spinning dance was fun, or pulling her hair to let her know he was not a little babe and would not be hoisted about as she did her gilded lyre. He managed both. "Ai! That is not nice, Legolas!" Brithla scolded, plopping him down on the squat square footstool in front of the fireplace. "Why ever did you do such a naughty thing, you wilful child? Did I not promise you a wondrous surprise?" She stood, hands on hips, glaring down upon her little brother in dismay. Sometimes, she just did not understand hînellyn (boys) at all. If someone had planned to take her out in the first snow of winter under the full moon when she was but cerynair ganad (four years) old, she would have been most grateful. Why, convincing Eirien that no harm could possibly come of it had taken three hours in and of itself. Of course, Legolas had no idea this was the nature of the surprise, nor that she had gone to such lengths to orchestrate the excursion, but nonetheless he should be more grateful and less unruly. Legolas looked up at her in chagrin, dreadfully sorry now that he had actually done it, forgetting why it had seemed so important in the first place. He did want that surprise, for they were almost always enjoyable and came in so many varieties. In fact, every time he was given one, it was something different and new and never ever seen before until that very moment. "Sorry, Brithla," he said, tears sheeting over his bright blue eyes as his lips down-turned at the corners. He fluttered his lashes to clear away the need to cry. "May I have the surprise still?" "Elbereth's Eyebrows, pen dithen, you are the most contrary elfling I know! Just look, you made my braid all crooked. I shall have to do it over now." Brithla fussed, sitting beside him and working on the afflicted area of her perfectly arranged hairdo. She did not like the regular old plaits that hung down straight or were pulled back behind the ears. Brithla wore her long hair high up off her neck, a thousand braids all intricately woven together with ribbons and small jewels in an artful display of symmetrical perfection. No other elleth in all the realm could imitate her style and she was quite proud of that. "I am sorry, Brithla. Want me to fix it?" Legolas offered. He did not know anything about making hair into a huge mound of curly loops, but he was willing to try, though he eyed the intimidating labyrinth of tresses with no small amount of trepidation. Brithla smiled, the gentle sad smile she used whenever Legolas tried to make amends, and hugged him close for a few seconds. "Nay, it is fine; I will have it back in place in a trice. Be good and sit still now," she cautioned, returning her hands and her concentration to the escaped lock of soft sepia strands. Legolas watched for a moment, fascinated, wondering how she could do that without being able to see what her hands were about, wanting to ask if she had sight in her fingers, but decided not to because he knew she would only laugh and not answer his question at all. He soon lost interest, sighing dramatically, realising this repair of the hair might take a significant amount of time, and popped his left thumb in his mouth. His eyes dropped to his woolly feet and he grinned around the digit between his lips, swinging his legs to get the feel of the cumbersome boots. The thumb came out "Brôgbôd" and went back in to the accompaniment of a satisfied chuckle. Beside him Brithla flashed him a warm smile, the one she used when he did something she thought was dear and sweet. "There, I am done. Can you see where it came loose?" Legolas gravely surveyed the soaring tower of interwoven tresses and shook his head solemnly. He could not tell where the beginning of one part ended and another started, much less notice what piece had just been reattached to the hive-like mass. A sudden image of Brithla, running through the gardens, shouting and flailing her arms about her head as a swarm of hornets tried to get inside her hair, burst upon his mind and he snorted out a laugh. "What is funny? Does it look lopsided? Is it falling down in the back?" Brithla was up like a shot, making quickly for the small dressing table where a silvered glass stood supported on a mithril stand. She yanked open a drawer and rummaged through the contents until she discovered a small hand-sized version of the mirror and then sat upon the bench, back to the table, trying to look at the rear of her head through the reflecting surfaces. "It is beautiful, Brithla. I was not laughing about your hair, not at all. I was just thinking about wasps," assured Legolas with a strong undercurrent of impatience in his tone. "May I have the surprise now?" He should have known better than to make any sort of sound when being asked about her hair. Once she decided to fiddle with it, Brithla could spend huge amounts of time rearranging her long chestnut locks. Brithla eyed him in suspicion but was wise enough not to enquire what the connection was between wasps and Legolas' mirth. She had a fairly good idea that the link had something to do with her hair style, though, and heaved an audible sigh, mentally debating whether to heed her sibling's reaction as an indication of the opinion most would harbour or ignore it as a general characteristic of unenlightened childishness. After all, what could so small a hênellon (boy-child) know of judging feminine beauty? Her eyes brightened at this and she smiled with maternal indulgence. "Aye, you may have the surprise now. Come, let us put on the new cloak." She rose from the chair and collected the garment as her little brother bounded off the foot stool and clumped over to her. Excited to try out the fur trimmed cape, Legolas was distracted the instant his feet hit the floor and the unusual sound of the new boots greeted his ears. His face broke into a brilliant smile; this was exactly the kind of noise a bear would make if it were walking around on its back legs inside a cave. He put great effort into stomping as noisily as he possibly could, a difficult task for a small elfling so light on his feet other elves could never hear him passing by, taking really big steps and hunching over as if he was stalking an unsuspecting deer. "Brraaawwwrrr!" he snarled with fitting menace as he advanced upon his sister. "I am a bear," he said just to make sure she would not mistake him for something else, a wolf perhaps. Brithla laughed gayly and clapped her hands for Legolas was too adorable for words at such times. "Oh, I see you are indeed a fearsome beast! Here is your furry coat, Medli (honey-eater), and also a warm wool hat to protect your ears." She clasped the rich cloak about his slender frame and settled the knitted cap snugly down to cover the delicate pink points. Legolas was at once enchanted by the lovely cape, pulling the fulness close around him and then spinning to see it flare out, the white edge of rabbit-fur a stunning contrast to the royal blue dyed wool. He felt warm and safe inside the enveloping fabric and reached to his shoulders for the edges of the hood spilling against his back. With effort he pulled it up, very pleased for he knew it had a long white silk tassel made to match the trim. He brushed his cheek against the fluffy edging, smiling up at Brithla. "This is the very best cloak in all of Greenwood, Brithla," he said joyously. "I am delighted that you like it so," she enthused, bending to adjust the hood so that it would not hinder his sight, holding out the mittens for him to push his hands within them. "I had the felt dipped in the woad twelve times until the colour matched your eyes,