Spoils of War A Legolas/Gimli story by erobey : un-beta'd : italics = thoughts Gimli was resting amid the lush grass of Edoras, back against his pack, boots discarded but neatly set aside, helm and shield close, belts and axes closer. He sighed in luxurious delight, rubbing a soothing salve into the aching sole and over the heel of one broad foot. Dwarves could walk forever, but he was glad of the cool, slippery gel the Elf had graciously offered. He glanced at the long, lean form sprawled out on the ground near by; Legolas was unusually quiet, gazing off into the azure sky. Gimli looked more carefully; no, he wasn't sleeping. The Dwarf wondered what was occupying the archer's mind so fully. "My thanks for the foot cream," he said and received only a noncommittal, listless grunt in return. Gimli's concern began shifting toward worry. Normally, Legolas chattered like a magpie about the most diverse topics. He would expound at length upon the proper method for making arrows, the best tactics to employ when fighting orcs while outnumbered and trapped on the ground, how to rig a collapsing bridge above a raging river or a deep gorge and lure orcs over it, how to harvest spider webs and reinvent them as traps for orcs. Legolas talked a lot about the many ways he knew to kill orcs. He also disgorged tons and tons of gossip about his life within the mighty forest realm of Thranduil. He complained and moaned about his overprotective father and his jealous elder brothers, relating numerous examples of how exasperating the combined smothering and random pummelling were to his adventurous spirit. When the Elf wasn't talking he was singing. He could go on for hours, smoothly transitioning from a artfully rendered love ballad to a bawdy tavern ditty, from a heroic lay retelling an ancient legend to a soulful hymn extolling the glory of Tawar. The Hobbits loved it and encouraged him, making him teach them some of the easier ones, and Gimli could not deny the sound was pleasing, but he had noticed that the Elf was ever at his side and sometimes the proximity of so much exuberance was daunting. It hadn't started out this way, as Gimli recalled it. While in Imladris, he barely saw the Elf at all. Perhaps he was just not distinguishable from all the other Elves singing and chattering about the place, but Gimli had a suspicion Legolas was purposefully making himself scarce after the Council. Retelling his peoples' failings could not have been pleasant, not that Gimli had given any thought to Legolas' state of mind, or even to his presence at all. Well, that was not exactly true. He'd been ready enough to complain to Gandalf about letting such an unreliable person join the crucial mission. If Legolas couldn't be trusted to hold onto Gollum, how could anyone depend upon him in battle? Gandalf had said something about nobody being forced to come along and Gimli could go home if he didn't think he could hold his own beside one of the First-born. That was the end of that. Once out the gates he could not avoid the Elf and was more or less forced to notice him, what with all the singing and inane confabulating. Almost at once Legolas attached himself to Gimli, walking beside or behind him unless Gandalf or Aragorn called on him to go scouting. What made him think Gimli wanted or needed the company was beyond any speculation and neither the wizard nor the future king of Gondor had any clues about the cause. Boromir summed up what was in Gimli's own thoughts: there was no comprehending the twists and turns of Elvish logic. Thus Gimli endured the banal banter with stoic fortitude, refusing to respond beyond a grunt or a scowl. Nothing daunted the Elf; he kept right on explicating as though his audience was rapt in fascination. It was perplexing. It was also at times infuriating, for in the midst of one of his long discourses on battle tactics or a harangue against his brothers' latest malicious attempt to put him in their Adar's bad graces, Legolas would suddenly construct a perfectly plausible segue into questioning Gimli about his personal life. If that wasn't bad enough, the others found it funny and often shared amused leers and snickered at the Elf's unquenchable curiosity and obvious preference for Gimli's company. Aragorn particularly was given to rubbing at his jaw to keep himself from laughing aloud while Pippin made no effort to hide his glee, once openly referring to Legolas as 'Gimli's bunion' for which unkind remark he received a wrap on the head from Gandalf's staff and a twinkling grin from the Elf, who didn't seem to be offended. Gimli was not entirely comfortable with the situation and unsure of how to handle it. Not that the queries were indecent or overtly prying, not at first, but Gimli was a Dwarf and among his people privacy was elevated nearly to the status of religion, the rites and rubrics through which one might enquire about a non-clan member rigorously described and rigidly practised. Thus, when Legolas abruptly asked how old Gimli was, the question preceded by another tale bemoaning the great age difference between the Elf and his siblings which seemed to underpin their belief that he was incapable of doing anything for himself, the Dwarf was utterly shocked. He stood glowering up at the lanky golden, haired warrior for a full minute before it dawned on him that Legolas was not intimidated in the least, had no idea his question was improper, and was patiently and pleasantly awaiting an answer. That was such a shock in itself that Gimli gave him one. This pleased Legolas highly and he smiled brighter than he ever had before, setting off again on a long soliloquy about the various customs pertaining to age and the pertinent intervals which marked an Elf's growth from infancy to adulthood. He gave a thorough explanation of Begetting Day celebrations and how many years passed before they stopped, the age when schooling and training formally began, the year an Elf was deemed a full member of the community and was permitted to move out of his parents' talan, and so on. Gimli found himself joining the discussion, on the rare occasion when the Elf paused to sip a drink from his canteen, getting a sentence or two out which would intrigue Legolas and start him up in a new direction entirely. As time progressed, the Elf learned more and more about his reluctant friend. By the time they camped at Hollin, he knew Gimli had two brothers and a sister, which is a great blessing among the clans, and was the eldest among his siblings. While trudging down the snow bound flanks of Caradras, he discovered that Gimli was a Lord of high standing and held vast portions of subterranean lands beneath the Iron Mountains, all of it rich in veins of precious ores, jewels, and workable metals. Deep in the gloom of Kazad Dum, he unearthed the facts that Gimli was not attached to anyone and had no progeny of his own yet. In the healing peace of Lorien, he found out that the Dwarf loved to read, played an accordion (which he then had to explain in painful detail and promise to make one), was a master storyteller, made the sturdiest chain mail anywhere, and preferred the colour blue. Gimli, amazed to realise he could be so forthcoming, rather enjoyed the talking game and often uttered bizarre facts completely at random just to see where Legolas' mind would go. The results were always interesting but on one occasion yielded insight into Legolas' history that was troubling. On the day after the attack of the wolves, their first skirmish against the Dark forces of Sauron, the Dwarf interrupted his friend's lecture on eye colour and what it indicated about heredity among the Sindarin people, casually informing the Elf that his eyes worked better in the dark than the sun, as did most Dwarves'. Barely pausing for breath, Legolas transitioned into a hair-raising story of an expedition into the mountains of Mirkwood that had gone bad, Legolas and two others in his troop winding up trapped in a pit as orcs pitched spears and then rocks at them. During the course of the narrative Legolas matter-of-factly revealed he could see in the dark, too, but not as clearly as he could beneath the trees. After this, the Elf broke into a sombre song during which he wept, and finished by saying he was the only one that survived the ordeal, though he didn't remember the rescue, being mad with grief and terror and nearly dead himself when it happened. Sometimes, he'd said, he wished he did not have eyes. At that point Gandalf called him to the front of the file and kept him by his side a time. Not all the revelations they shared were as harrowing as this one but the story marked a change in their friendship. Gimli, at first annoyed by the Elf's insistence on sticking to him closer than lichen clings to granite, would instead become concerned if he was anywhere else. Where the incessant chatter had been aggravating, now it was viewed as a necessary coping mechanism the Elf employed to distract his mind from the less pleasant realities facing their little band of travellers. It was, when considered baldly, a rather hopeless mission and the likelihood of getting through it alive was minimal at best. Legolas talked to release the stress and Gimli found himself encouraging it and asking a few questions of his own. Strangely, Legolas was adept in evasive replies that went all around the query and back without really giving any useful information. That surprised Gimli, but he reverted to his former means of eliciting stories and discovered that the Elf employed a quid pro quo method of conversation. If he revealed something about his brothers, he was actually hoping Gimli would tell him about his own family. When he lectured about battles, he was inviting his chosen companion to expound upon the methods and means of Dwarven warfare. Yet a direct question yielded a typically 'elvish' reply, as when Gimli abruptly demanded to know how old Legolas was. He was answered with a long lecture about the life cycle of oak trees during the conclusion of which Legolas informed him he was 'still considered new growth' by his peoples' standards. Gimli found himself smiling over the memory and glanced again at the silent figure reposed upon the plain. Legolas had removed his weapons but left them within reach should need arise, but even this was a huge concession. He rarely set the bow aside, doing so only to bathe and then keeping a dagger strapped to his naked thigh. He had also removed his cloak and tunic, both folded neatly next to the harness and quiver. A huge sigh worked his slender chest up and down and his hand brushed through the grass. Abruptly he sat up and pulled off his boots, tossing them away with a bit more energy than required. They landed in a clump of weeds and he scowled, peered briefly at the dwarf, and reclined again, casting an arm over his face. Another great breath heaved into the air above him. What could be ailing him? The Dwarf pondered the situation carefully, knowing that a direct question would get him no where. They had just concluded a wrenching battle after enduring a daunting siege. The fields about Helm's Deep had been littered with the dead and the maimed, orcs and men. They had learned of the might of the wild huorns and watched as a wizard was debased and broken. All of this might easily make the hardiest, hoariest soldier grim and silent, but Legolas was a veteran fighter who had endured many battles