Chapter 1 ~ Out of Greenwood Tawar was still and silent in the secure embrace of the diminishing night, relishing the last lingering moments of velvet obscurity under its cool caress. Like lovers the two reposed, the forest and the night, intertwined as if inseparable, clinging to the comfort of familiarity and the promise of constancy, even as dawn drew near. Its advent would break all: the dark, the quietude, their seamless cohesion, Tawar and the night. Above the treetops eventide's black, bejewelled mantle paled until just the Morning Star peered down. Beneath the boughs a fine white fog covered the toes of the trees, snuggling close against the land like a blanket tugged tight to ward away unwelcome day. They must part now for a time, the Greenwood and her sable suitor, but only for a time and neither faced the separation with sorrow, knowing their twilit reunion was mere hours hence. The trees sighed, their leaf-clad branches whispering a gentle refrain of simple, unobtrusive joy, for the woods loved Ithil and Anor equally. The faint glimmer of dawn danced within the softly rolling mist arising from the rich brown soil, filling the serene tranquility with a radiant shimmer of subdued light. Soon, the frosty nimbus would dissipate, burned away in the rising heat of the early summer sun, but for now the graceful veil of moisture undulated in accord with the lilting breeze, an eery ballet of earth-bound clouds. The filmy haze shifted and billowed, now and again seeming to coalesce, taking on form and gliding in mimicry of the graceful tread of elven folk, as if disembodied souls tarried in the ether. Mayhap it was true; so believed the mortals dwelling in the wooded vale. Perchance these houseless wanderers lingered in the silence of the night, revisiting the place they had most loved in life, their home for Ages out of time. Or did they arise solely to greet the dawn, a brief visitation to mingle their soundless serenade with the omnipresent Music of the waking world? This muted state of the woods was even more short-lived than the ephemeral fluff. The first warbling notes of an aurlinn (day-bird, a wood thrush) tripped through the luminous air above the vapours, the melodious tones distinct and challenging as the songbird declared the land his own. Far away to the west an answering cadence sounded, diminished by distance but clear and sweet. Morning broke through the barrier of leaves and shadow and drew the mist away; what ghostly phantoms it hid retreated. The Greenwood's mighty hardwoods rose in unending ranks to the east and north and south, the pathways and byways betwixt them seemingly empty, yet it was not so. Slipping through the towering trees moved a small contingent of the sylvan people, clad in emerald and nutmeg to match the landscape, using the shadows like stepping stones to navigate the cloistered space. Fair were these folk as a hind is fair, clever were they as the wily fox, and deadly, their hands, as the hunting hawk's talons. They belonged to the woods and the woods belonged to them. Wild elegance clothed them; vigilance was their shield and the longbow their defence. Noiselessly they traversed the scene. No words fell from their lips and no impact did the land report in the passing of their feet, nonetheless the space around them was filled with a harmony of spirit that resonated within the bark and branches, the roots and leaves, encompassing all living things under the eaves. This was no casual stroll designed to enjoy the renewal brought by Anor's return nor was it a hunting party seeking game for food. These were warriors of the Woodland King bound upon a mission of great import, one that would require them to leave the safety of their arboreal abode and venture out into the vast regions of open land beyond the verge of the weald. Single file they proceeded, passing through the forest as stealthily as light penetrates air, for who can see the footsteps of the wind? Leaves on a tree are to be expected; birds flitting from branch to twig rouse no wonder; water running in a brook belongs there. None of these things raise suspicion or concern and, unless one's specific intent is to study such, the ordinary attention the mind grants to these marvels is minimal. So it was for the elves; they went where they would within their world and few among the forest's other inhabitants remarked their journeys. It was an entirely different thing to step forth into the wide, unsheltered grasslands along the broad banks of the mighty Anduin. Beyond the fringe of the forest, their simple garments lost the quality of camouflage; no inky shadows offered concealing shade; no welcoming limbs provided sturdy perches for rest. Once outside the cover of the trees, the elves would be exposed, starkly visible in a way few among them had ever experienced. Before the day had advanced an hour, the troop of archers reached the borders of their country and halted. Bright and bold, the glare marking the boundary was more intimidating than a wall of stone. Twelve in number, they lined the brink of the bottom-lands, staring in a mixture of excitement and trepidation at the vast emptiness of the space before them. The immensity of the endless blue sky somehow made the flat and grassy lea seem paltry while at the same time the land went on and on. There the gleam and sparkle of Anor danced on the swiftly running river's rills, dazzling eyes adapted to low-level illumination. To the south and north Anduin's course swept away beyond the limit of the elves' keen sight, heaven and earth mingling in an indistinct juncture of wavering uncertainty. West across the body of water the horizon was hidden by the imposing peaks of the Hithaeglir. A thin, straight track cut the valley, linking their comfortable haven to the unknown on the other side. Though these were hearty souls well trained in the arts of war, the vision was daunting. For a very long time, none of the elves moved forward. At last two separated from the others, stepping into the open with purposeful strides. This spurred the remainder to action and thus all the Wood Elves emerged into the bright sunlight, shielding squinting eyes with long-fingered hands, their svelte forms haloed in Anor's golden glow. "Here we part company," spoke the first to exit the woods. "Stay upon the road and you should reach Imladris in two week's time." He was tall and comely with long chestnut locks bound back in braids from his high, white brow. Sharp brown eyes scanned their surroundings with both curiosity and caution as he spoke and his tone bore the air of one accustomed to command. Indeed, he was Celon'lîr (River Song), commander of the group and the eldest son of Thranduil, the Wood Elves' King. "What? How so when you are bound to travel with us?" demanded one of the others. He was not so lofty in stature but far the fairer. His features were so refined and noble that he was both the envy and the desire of many in the woodland realm, though his manner did not indicate any vanity over the fact. His hair was the pale golden colour of flax, restrained in warrior fashion to prevent entanglement in the bowstring, and his eyes were a vivid blue more vibrant than Arien's domain. He gazed in consternation at Celon'lîr, stepping boldly forward to challenge this new order as if he were equal to the elven prince's station. This he was, for the query came from Legolas, youngest in the party but also the youngest of Thranduil's children. "We are turning south to Lothlorien," replied Celon'lîr, including his companion with a casual wave of his hand. "It is not necessary for all of Greenwood's princes to foster among the Noldor. Besides, I am past the age of such tutelage; there is nothing those haughty elves can teach me." "Celon'lîr!" admonished his comrade brusquely. "Mind your words around Tuiw. (Sprout - a pet name for Legolas) Tôradar (brother-father: uncle) does not want him to adhere to such prejudicial notions whilst on this journey." This warrior was kin to the King's sons, being the eldest child of Thranduil's older brother. He was also Celon'lîr's boon companion and Ûrrusc (Fire Fox) was his name. Celon'lîr and Legolas scoffed in unison, identical snorts of derision issuing from nostrils flared in unhidden contempt. "What rubbish, Ûrrusc! Adar holds the same opinions regarding those crafty folk: they are unscrupulous, conniving, and unworthy of our esteem," Celon'lîr retorted. The rest of the soldiers affirmed their prince's disgust for the Noldor, several laughing outright and one spitting into the grass as if the mere thought of the foreign elves left an acrid taste upon his tongue. "Aye," added Legolas. "The only reason he bid us go is to repay Lord Celeborn for the trouble his visiting march wardens caused. Had Orophin not permitted Adar's prized hunting hound to be set loose alone in the forest no reprisals would need to be made." "I'm convinced none of the Lorien elves meant for the dog to be devoured by that warg," one of the warriors spoke up in the Galadhrims' defence. This was Faron (Hunter), another cousin to the princes, being the youngest son of King Thranduil's sister. Upon his parents' death at Dagorlad, Faron had become a member of the King's household and was just barely older in age, yet senior enough to the youngest prince, for the two to be friendly rivals while as devoted as brothers. "This is Rumil's fault. He shouldn't have made that insensitive comment about the hound's lack of hunting prowess to so easily fall victim to the beast. But for that, Tôradar would have dealt with the unfortunate incident by making them clean the kennels for a month," stated Ûrrusc. "Instead, he orders them off to home and we are punished with banishment for the entire summer. We will miss the Solstice festival." "Be that as it may, we have to be the instruments of Thranduil's revenge. Or at least Legolas and the rest of you lot must," said the King's heir. "Ûrrusc and I shall pay a visit to our kin to the south, so to ensure that our esteemed cousin Lord Celeborn the Wise receives a more direct form of reprisal." Without waiting for his sibling, cousins, or fellows to remark further, Celon'lîr raised thumb and fore-finger to his mouth and blew a shrill note into the brand new day. At once a bugling whinny replied, the subdued sound indicating the equine source of the cry was still beneath the trees, somewhere north of his master's position. "Nay, Ernil, (Prince) do not abandon us! We need your guidance for none of us have been among the Noldorin folk before. How will we know what to do and what to say? Who will speak for us and command us?" complained a tall and willowy elf. His appearance was indicative of the Sindarin branch of the Teleri tribe with the exception of his hair. He boasted a beautiful mane of black streaked through with bright snatches of shining yellow, of which he was quite proud. So vain was he about his uncommon tresses that upon his majority he had renamed himself in their honour: Mallavorn (Black and Gold). "Elo!" (Hey!) fumed Legolas. "I am a prince of the realm, too. Have faith in my ability, Mallavorn." "I mean no offence to you, Legolas, but you are still so inexperienced." Mallavorn bowed in apology but did not retract his words. "If things go wrong, we may cause a war to break out." "That is ridiculous," snapped Legolas. "The Noldorin elves haven't done any kinslaying since the last silmaril was found. It is more likely that Lord Celeborn is using us to rile his esteemed ion-an'weath (son-by-bond), Elrond Half-elven." "Again, forgive