Ok, this is my first Lord of the Rings fanfic, so please, do not flame me! Praise is always welcome, and critizim, if constructive, is warmly recieved. So, love it or hate it, review! We would marched to certain death. Long before the Fellowship had been formed, I had been told to expect death. That way, if it didn't come, we would treat it as a blessing, and value it all the more. I both regretted and cherished that teaching. In all the long years I have walked this Middle Earth, I have treasured life, and all that it represents. It is not just moving beings that are alive, but all of the earth, from the wind to the water to the light, it was all alive. Yet it was poisoned. Poisoned by Sauron and his evil. His evil was drawing all the life from Middle Earth and draining it, never to be truly recovered. The Elves knew it. The earth around them was dying, along with its caretakers. Before the Fellowship of the Ring, I had begun to despair. Despair that I would never see Middle Earth's true beauty, and that I would not reach the sea. The poison of Sauron had seeped into my veins, and with each beat of my heart, it pushed it farther and farther into my body. But when the Fellowship was formed, my heart had shot with hope like an arrow. It fluttered like a bird's wings. Yet it was a fragile hope. A tiny flame that flickered and wavered where any small mistake might put it out. Yet the Fellowship had nurtured that flame, kept it safe from harm, and continued to feed its fires till when it reached its climax at the battle of Helms Deep. Yet then, the poison of Sauron had been forced down our throats again, and now our flame was threatened. It was equally as strong as his poison that longed to quench our fire. Frodo and Sam were almost to Mount Doom, yet they were done for unless we gave up our lives. I was ready for it. I had mentally prepared myself at Helm's Deep. Yet in that, I had not despaired. I had before I had known Aragorn was alive. But when he was returned to us, my heart shot with hope again. And when I saw my kin from Lorien march to meet us, the fire of hope had burned my blood and given me strength. It was the same now. I was not afraid for my own life. Not in the true sense of fear. I'd lived a long life, seen much, both good and bad, and I was not frightened by death. So many of my comrades had met the same fate. I would be proud to die for this cause, like so many of my kin before me. For two little hobbits, I would sacrifice myself, if only to give the next generation a tiny hope. Maybe, just maybe, if our plans worked, and Sauron was drawn away from Frodo and Sam, we would prevail. I roamed Minas Tirith's streets, taking in the last of what I would see of life. Some would say I was brooding, callous and cold for not being with my friends. Yet I needed to be alone, to come to grips with my fate before I could deal with my comrades. My blond hair shimmered in the pale sun light, and the eyes of many were turned my way. Elves had not been seen by the Gondorian people for a long time. I suppose I was a bit of a mystery to them. A being immortal from age or sickness, yet now I was just as mortal as any of them in the wake of Sauron's poison. "Arod," I murmured, my feet having taken me to the stables were my white horse stood. The animal turned his head and pressed his velvet muzzle into my palm, seeking attention. His deep eyes seemed to reassure me. It wasn't blind devotion that he followed his rider's orders. It was a sense of duty and purpose that drove him to serve me, and all the challenges that I had put him through so far. From roaming the paths of the dead, to crossing through Fangorn, I had always felt a purpose in my steed. Arod pressed his muzzle against my cheek and blew a puff of air onto my face. "Aye, one in the same," I murmured to him in my own tongue. I patted him once more, somehow, even more acutely aware of my own physical body, now that it was in serious jeopardy. The sense of touch as I ran my fingertips through Arod's mane. My hearing as I listened to his breathing and the beating of my own heart. I gazed out the window of the stable, and saw with my Elven eyes the details of the distance mountains. I left the stable to once more roam the streets of the White City. I prowled like a cat through the levels before I finally retreated to the quarters we'd been given. I by passed my bed and went to my balcony, and I perched myself onto the white stone, my back pressed against the wall. I folded one knee up to my chest, the other hanging off the edge of the balcony. I laced my arms around my raised knee and leaned against the building frame content to watch the sun fall in the sky behind the ominous mountains. I don't know how long I remained perched in that place, certainly a long time as I contemplated my life. The sun was just beginning to paint the sky in a blaze of color when my keen Elven ears picked up the sounds of footsteps. The very scent told me who it was approaching. Aragorn. I could also tell who it was by the sound of his stride. Gimli never walked so softly, nor could ever take such long steps. "Estel," I breathed to the air, not turning to look at him just yet. "Legolas," he returned, choosing to stand rather than sit upon the balcony edge. "Gimli had wondered where you'd gone." I smiled slightly. "I roamed the city, remembering more the forest than a prison made of stone." "Ah, but all of Middle Earth is a prison to an Elf, is it not?" Aragorn asked me shrewdly. "We long for the sea, yes, but we find beauty in the nature of life itself," I told him. "Why had you not yet left with all that remains of your kin, Legolas?" Aragorn asked me quietly. So curious, I thought with the ghost of a smile in my eyes. It was a long moment before I answered him. "I had long contemplated taking a ship into the West before the Fellowship, but I delayed. When my father sent me to Rivendelle with the news of Gollum's escape, amongst other things, I suddenly had a reason why I truly should stay." "If we survive this battle, what will you do, Legolas, will you leave with the rest of your kin, or will you remain behind with Arwen, the only other Elf that would be left in Middle Earth, should we succeed?" I sighed. "I know we must speak of this, but it saddens me to do so," I said softly. "Arwen has a reason to stay here, she stays for you, Aragorn, do not make me say aloud what you and I both know." "That you have nothing to stay here for, Legolas?" Aragorn asked me quietly. I shook my head. "You're friendship has meant more to me than anything in this world, but you've no idea the longing, the yearning in me, even now, for the sea. I cannot explain it, Aragorn, no more than any other Elf could who left behind what they knew and loved for the Undying Lands." "Your race is one unlike the rest of Middle Earth Legolas, immortal you may be from age and sickness, yet you suffer from longing for the sea, and what would never pain a man, deeply cuts you, it seems you have paid a high price for immortality," he said gently. "Aye, too high," I whispered. "Alas, my immortality will fail me in tomorrow's battle." "You do not know that for sure, Legolas, do you give up on hope, now, when we are so close to achieving victory?" Aragorn asked me softly. "Oh Aragorn," I said shaking my head with a small, yet sad laugh. "Even if I did survive, the pain of leaving behind all that I have come to love in Middle Earth would almost be enough to break me, even if I live, I will suffer." "But besides even that, I know I will not live past tomorrow," I said quietly. "Do you know that?" Aragorn asked me. "Do you know for certain you will die?" I looked at him, his steel eyes boring into mine. Mine gave up nothing, I could see him fruitlessly trying to search me for my heart, not the answers I gave him. But you couldn't see behind an Elf's eyes, not if he didn't want you to. "You're eyes will not penetrate me, Estel, and I am glad for it, for I would not have you poisoned with my despair," I said with a shake of my head. "You will ride with us in battle tomorrow, eh?" Aragorn asked me. "Of course," I said, not quite understanding his question. "Then have hope, its what this battle is for, if Frodo makes it to Mount Doom, you need not fear death," he said before he left me alone again with my thoughts. 88888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888 To a human, an Elf's nights would always be disturbed, for we did not sleep. But tonight, I could not even lower myself into the trance that I experienced when I rested my body. I was restless, pacing up and down my room, my eyes darting left and right at every shadow. When the dawn came, the city became alive. The pitiful number of soldiers that remained were gathering together to march towards Mordor's gates. I came to breakfast with my friends, but I could not eat. My stomach churned terribly, and so I took up pacing behind the small table where Gimli and Aragorn sat. "For goodness sake, Legolas, sit down, you're going to loose all your energy before we even set out!" Gimli muttered, but it was with good humor. I turned to the dwarf, summoning my reply. "Do not forget, Dwarf Master, you ride with me, if I chose to, I could make it extremely difficult, so let me pace, and I'll give you a smooth ride." Before the Fellowship, I would never have traded such playful words with hardly anyone, except for maybe Estel, and certainly not with a dwarf. I'd kept a wall of ice around my heart, mostly to keep out the fear of the dying world around me. But when the Fellowship was born, that wall melted. Gimli did not reply to my mocking threat. Grumbling into his beard, I saw Aragorn shake his head at him first, then at me. The corners of my mouth lifted in a smile, and Estel nodded his head to me briefly before he moved his gaze elsewhere. 888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888 Even on the move, my nervousness did not fade. I was glad I had not eaten, for I was as we moved closer to the Black Gates, the noxious smell made me want to retch. Most of the men didn't seem as affected, and I remembered they did not have an Elf's senses. The reeking odor of death stung the roof of my mouth, and I suppressed the bile that rose up to sting the back of my throat. Arod moved tensely beneath me, and I soothed him with a soft word from my native tongue. He quieted at my voice, and I