Hi everyone! Thanks for taking time to read my Percico story! I hope you all like it! Feel free to follow and favorite if you do! I will post a warning with each chapter as I do with each of my stories. This entire story however will be split up into parts, across three different time periods. Part 1 will be in ancient Greece, part two, 1600 England and finally in modern England in part 3 Warning: story contains, OC's, BoyxBoy (don't like, then don't read), swearing, heavy violence (in the first two parts), gore, mentions of abuse, character death and ratings may be turned up at a later time. Thank you all for taking the time to read! Hope you enjoy and haven a nice day/night wherever you are! Imagine being isolated from the world. That your entire existence is wrapped around a small set of islands which are born every morning from the rising sun, gliding over the crest of the turquoise jewel sea. The rising cliffs stood as falling guardians. Like knights who had battled on the fields of Ares for their king. The chalk white rocks were cracked and splintered, dotted with the small caves where refugees hid from the eternal wrath of the merciless gods though often found that they fell with the new days storm. The sea often claimed those who had wronged it or those who were to be struck down for amusement from the gods above. We only have to remember the great Odysseus who was torn, so far from his home. Losing his poor mother and missing most of son's life. Being forced to witness the horrors of war. To be labelled hero by some and murderer by others for his trickery to get into Troy. But our story does not focus on the deeds of Odysseus. Our story begins on a day that would be recorded in history as the day that the struggle and precarious scenario of two were to entwined by fate. In the far cliffs that threatened to collapse into the sea stood a keep. A keep of pure elegance which could only be blessed in it's beauty by Aphrodite and the genius of it's architecture by lady Athena. The step of the outside palace were a pure white marble. After being scrubbed every day for a usual basis of eight hours, what could be expected? The outside pillars stood tall and strong as they held up a crimson tiled roof. The mosaic depicted the ancient gods sat in banquet and amusement. The inside halls freshly scrubbed as figures bound with only tight black collars and loincloths. Barely even given the barest of human decency as the masters of the home walked past and bellowed their laughter while they smashed buckets of fresh sea water over the heads of the slaves who fell to the ground and slipped on the marble. The masters turned towards the courtyard. A large pool of lilac water bathed in the beautiful sunlight as the fresh lotus bloomed. Above the long extending steps stood a statue of woman in ivory and beautiful silver, holding a snake out above her head, the woman was beautiful indeed, wearing a golden crown of two serpents wrapped around an emerald headpiece, a silk dress flowing in the shape of marble was eternally caught in an invisible breeze while the woman's smiling face was locked onto the giant stone serpent in her hands. To anyone in the larger city of Athens, this statue would bring a greater insult than anyone would allow. If this statue had been known of then the gods themselves would not be able to stop the armies that would march and flood the land and sea crimson with blood. A boy slowly stepped out the shadows as he walked up to the enormous statue and knelt. The deep emerald green armour was plated over his toned and sculpted body. His helmet instead of being the usual Greek style moved in scales and plates upon plates of metal armour down his neck and across his shoulders. The helmet was curved around his face in the patriot shape of a cobra. His dual swords were strapped to his black belt and the hem of his tunic. His studded metal boots clinked and echoed as the sound bounced off the walls around the tribute statue. "Watch over us in battle, curse those who follow the goddess who brought you your doom." He whispered softly as he pulled out a dagger and sliced his palm. "Accept my offering to feed you in your dark slumber." His voice would have been almost like a beautiful melody. If it hadn't already been tainted by the darkness of locking people in chains or murdering others in cold blood on a distant field where he will never be seen again. His palm stung slightly but he stayed quiet as his blood drizzled into a humble wooden bowl. A few red stains were on the blending floor. "Damn slaves... What are they alive for." He growled quietly. "M-Master." A voice trembled. The boy turned and watched as a figure flinched back and cowered under the piercing gaze. "I think you will find it's Prince." "Yes M-" The slave trembled slightly and backed away. "Yes Prince." It corrected itself and watched as it's master stared mercilessly through them. "What do you want whelp?" The Prince growled as he looked down at his hand with a small grin. The slice had completely faded. The slave on the other hand trembled even more at this sight. Unsure what to do when confronted with this sight of both the Prince and the statue. It's empty eyes stared down at them and the slave swore that it seemed to follow him as he moved. "Y-Your gift has arrived." "About time..." The Prince growled. As he strode past the slave, the smaller boy trembled waiting for the expectant beating which came. He sighed with relief as the boy walked past not even bothering him with a second glance. "What happens next... will teach you to remember why you need to bow in front of me. Make sure you clean up your own mess." As the prince walked down the steps the slave screamed out in agony as long lashes of metals tore down his back. Skin slowly grated away as blood flooded down and coated the floor. His screamed became the dominant sound in the lighting dawn. Everyone became sure the gods on Olympus could hear the roar of agony. -Break- Slowly a cage was pushed onto the large balcony. Figures swarmed around it before they slowly began to open the barbed steel door which kept it shut. "Get up and get to work." They barked as a figure toppled out of it and onto the ground of the cold floor. The person looked around slightly fearful of their new surroundings before they regained their composure. The dry heat was blistering warm through the open window as the clouds had begun to part with the morning dawn. Figures rushed about on a balcony, they began to draw a steaming bath for the man who they served knowing that it was far more dangerous to not do as ordered than it was to live with the consequences. The wind began to rustle the petals which floated over the waters as the sweet scent filled the air hypnotically. "We must hurry. Come on Perseus." The women whispered as out the shadows, looking at the collar which was wound tightly around the boy's neck and studying his name for a second. She was crouched down against the ground, being the only slave who had taken a moment to pause and check the boy to see if he was okay. The boy of sixteen years fell onto his knees. His shackles were tight around his wrists. He wore only shorts which exposed his lean body which was covered in sharp scars over his torso. The woman noted each scar and could only guess with the horrors of her mind and the expectation which came from the cruelty of the masters to know what they were. The boy's skin was bronze, almost seemingly sun kissed and pleasing to the eye that beheld it. People were slightly confused by his hair and eyes; for such a young boy to have a drastically black hair, so dark that it was like liquid ink, running down in a wild untamed mess, but his eyes were such a startling sea green, at leas they were on first glance. The longer they were stared at, the more they became harder to discern, one minute they were more of a deeper blue than the depths of the ocean, next they were a startling cerulean and turquoise. It certainly wasn't common among the people who worked here. Normally, most slaves around here were preferred to have their hair cut and then have the colour of it changes. The Prince normally only preferred to have those with hair like that of the sunlight or as crimson as burning fire. The woman still remembers now how every morning she would have to every so couple of weeks that she would have to have her hair either cut shorts and sewn with strands of other hairs and then washed in blood. "You have to stand up Perseus, the Prince wants a bath." The slave woman whispered, taking a gentle hold of the boy's biceps and helping him slowly to his feet. Her eyes looked aged and tired and she herself was a thin and starved beaten slave. Her bod was wracked with pained scars, some which hadn't healed over yet. She would probably get a hell of a lot more if the guards outside had been looking in seeing that she stopped to help the boy. "My name is Persephone, in homage to the goddess." The woman whispered. "But most around here just call me Sally." She made sure now to keep her voice low and careful as she cast her eyes around them. "Watch out for Octavian." She said softly, nodding her head towards one rather dark looking blonde boy who was smirking their way. "Take the jewel canteen fill the bath." Perseus studied her for a long minute, his eyebrows scrunched together as he studied her, looking for a reason that she may be lying to him. After all, he had come to expect that a lot out of people lately, but she only just pointed over to the item she had been talking about before she took off with great haste, looking over shoulder at the boy who still seemed to be gathering his wits. Perseus looked around as he carried jeweled jar after jar full of hot water to fill the bath for his new master. He legs ached from the tight shackles of the chains and from the exhaustion of having gotten no sleep. His wrists were bloody and dripping crimson from the small spikes which lined the metal tight cuffs that branded him as a slave. The cold white washed walls around him were topped with a dome like roof while an open balcony of cobblestone with a black iron railing. The black metal was shaped and forged so that it resembled black roses growing around the main railing. The thorns were as sharp and blade tips and the petals of the roses even more so. The balcony itself though hung over the great height of the cliff, beneath them was an endless amount of rock spires, jagged and sharp while the ocean itself roared, being able to probably sweep anyone under into it's murky depths. "Perseus." Sally whispered as softly as possible, drawing the boy's attention over to her as he rushed over, holding the jug as carefully as he would hold his own life if he could. Sally just smiled softly and placed her hands over on his as they stood in front of a