Chapter 1 Immortality. Eternal youth and beauty. It all just seems so meaningless. I have spent thousands of years alone. If it was not bad enough that I was isolated at my birth because of whom I was but it wasn't enough to isolate but to also make sure I was known and cast away to the further sides of the earth. I better start from the beginning. My name is Sirena… well I'm not even sure that is my real name. It is simply what the people call me as I would walk past them. I'm not an ordinary boy. For one fact, I'm half monster, half god. Yep that's right. Scared yet? You should be. I guess I better explain my parentage. My mother was a siren. I guess that's why people called me Sirena. Just another label added to make me feel even worse. She had watched as her sisters had fallen and been slaughtered by a Demigod hero who had been seeking to destroy the Queen siren. Who had been seeking to destroy her. She had vowed on the blood of our people that they would be avenged. She had bid her time patiently, waiting countless decades until she knew that she could sway one of the gods to grant her a gift. Weapon would be a better choice of words. She waited until the mortals began to revolt against the gods. The weak flimsy humans had begun to change their ways. They began worshiping the other aspects of the gods; their Roman sides to be exact. That morning was red with the soaking sun of blood as Apollo slowly drove across the sky. "Years of planning finally coming into play." She pulled her ruby cloak around her body and began bowing to a bronze bow which was raised on a platform to a statue of a goddess holding two torches; one in each hand. "Oh Goddess of the dark ways, leader to the path of light, Conjurer of the darkest magic, hear my prayers that I may cause revenge in your great name and bring destruction to the mortals!" At first the only thing that happen was a cold chill picked up over the horizon. But soon dark clouds began churning around the small island the Queen called home. Her satin draped frame began to shiver as it felt as though ice was burning beneath her skin. Her slim drawing figure was no longer the attention of others as all eyes turned towards the statue which slowly began to move. "I have heard your call, she who drowns men with a hypnotic touch of her lips." darkness began to leech the colour from the surroundings leaving the area in a cold weak darkness. Life began to become more apparent on the statue as soft pale skin began to colour the cold rock. "Speak your desires quickly." "Hecate!" the Queen bowed so low her face almost scraped the floor. "Allow me to carry the seed of destruction. Allow the strength of your god powers flow into me and create a child who will be destruction of man!" "You would ask me to mother a child which I do not even carry?" her eyes narrowed but behind the mask she had put up was bursting curiosity. "I ask much." "It shall be granted but be prepared to bay the costs of creating a child like this." Hecate began to burst with light which enveloped the queen whole. I was the result of dark magic and evil deeds. I was born later and found that my age froze halfway through my 16th birthday. I spent hundreds of years training, forced to endure hardship by a mother who only saw me as the dagger who would cause destruction. Any monster would have given up. I slaughtered person after person who came to our small island. They would be drawn by my song like a lamb to a Sheppard. Then my mother would force my bones to her will as she would watch me kill them. But if I didn't kill the mortals? Then her claws would rip through me. I could not die anymore than she could. Monsters don't die. Our essence is sent to the pits of Tartarus where we slowly reform. Each second feeling Agony of our bodies slowly come back, feeling each burning cell reform through the pain of death over and over only to when reborn through darkness to hike and rip our way back into the world. For each mortal I refused to kill, I was killed by my mother. I died a thousand times. For each mortal I killed she allowed me to live for one year without having to kill another. I only lived like that for one year. The last time I died. I remembered it as clear as daylight. I had disobeyed mother's request to assist the giants in abducting a boy. Instead I had taken the full front of mother's bare bronze claws to my face but the foolish boy had held onto me as I had erupted into dust and his soul had been dragged down with me. He spent weeks sitting in the darkness of Tartarus in the spot where I was reforming; watching every day as more parts of me came back together. "I need to find the doors of death! I have to help them!" it was only when my eye slowly reformed did I manage to rise to some conscious form and take in his details. His black hair was a mess on his head and his equally dark eyes kept darting around fearfully as he fought off the daily attacks from monsters but no matter what he always waited by my side. "Fool." By nature my voice was irresistible to the ears of mortals and gods alike but even with my words echoing around like mist they still made an impression. "You would risk your life by waiting here?" "I will repay my debt to you." " Sirena." I watched as he rubbed together his pale olive skinned hands. Dark circles were forming under his eyes. "You owe me nothing Demigod! Leave me now before I reform and I kill you." I knew my words had the desired effect when he raised a makeshift sword he had made. "You are just like the rest." " No, I'm smarter. Go ahead past the river of fire to the palace of night there you will find the exit." My voice wavered as the slowly rising boil pierced open like a balloon spilling out my dissolving parts. I knew he would have just stuck around to repay me. Doing so would have got the fool killed but even as I became sand once again he laid a necklace into the dissolving remains. A necklace which I have kept close to me ever since. That's how I spent the next year slowly reforming and bursting my way back to the surface. The news had quickly spread through the monsters of Tartarus of the victory of the combined Demigods of Greece and Rome and how they had defeated the giants. This was the chance I needed! The life I could start fresh! I could move and hide every time began to get suspicious of me not ageing. I was a fool but a fool who had a plan and for a while it worked. I spent a lot of my time moving around the country till I settled in New York. I know it wasn't the best hiding place but where better to hide from your enemies than right under their nose where they least expect it. Unlike most monsters I didn't have the ability to smell Demigods. The abilities I had were limited to my voice and a few select abilities coming from being the child of Hecate. But I refused to ever use them. I settled into a major art and theatre school in the big apple. I spent most my days practicing musical theatre. Singing was something I was good at without even using my siren abilities and it soon became its own lesson as I learnt a greater control of my abilities. It was going great till the day they showed up. I was sat in the large auditorium gentle playing the keys on the piano and singing softly to a song I had heard around the campus. It was by that singer Taylor Swift and every free moment I found myself singing it. I slowed down the melody on the piano lingering on the lyrics adding my Italian accent to the words the way I would when I sang my siren song. The way you move is like a full-on rainstorm, and I'm a house of cards. You're the kind of reckless that should send me running. But I kinda know that I won't get far" I let my voice slip back to normal as I focused my tone to be even softer. " And you stood there in front of me, just close enough to touch, close enough to hope you couldn't, see what I was thinking of." I smiled as I picked up the pace and began playing it back to its normal key and having timed it perfectly I heard the other instruments pick up the tune as I sung my favourite part; "Drop everything now, meet me in the pouring rain. Kiss me on the sidewalk, take away the pain, 'Cause I see sparks fly, whenever you smile." I frowned hearing my siren voice slip into the song and began to bring it to an end as naturally as I could while the other musicians stared at me in shock. " Get me with those green eyes, baby, as the lights go down, give me something that'll haunt me, when you're not around, ' cause I see sparks fly whenever you're around." I laid the lid of the piano down and covered the keys while I rested my head on the back of my hands. "That was really beautiful." My eyes looked around to the seats where two kids were sat. The first had sea green eyes and I blushed realising what I had just sung. He wore an orange t-shirt and a bead necklace with a trident bead as the first noticeable piece. His pen rested in his palm as though he was ready to use it at a moments notice… What was he going to do? Draw on me to death? "I heard a voice like that once when I was in the sea of monsters." His eyes locked with mine. "It was the voice of a Siren." "Don't you dare call me that!" I snapped and turned furiously at him. He has no idea what I am! He doesn't know what I've been through! "Then what do I call you and what are you. I have never seen a monster offended like this before." "Shut up." I poured all my Siren side into my voice and watched as his mouth was forced closed. I turned to the other guys but being mortals… they were thick headed. They didn't know what they had just seen. "Have you two lovers finished arguing yet?" "What!?" "HMPH!" a muffled shout came from the boy. The musicians laughed as they walked off. "This was my last day before my summer holiday!" I snarled as I looked back over to the boy. "I had gone officially one year without using my powers on purpose! Then you turn up and ruin it!" the boy growled a few things and I sighed. "I'm not full monster. My name… well it's what people call me anyway, it's Sirena. I am a son of Hecate and a Siren." I folded my arms and glared at him as his eyes widened. I only flinched away from his returned glare when the water bottle in my hand exploded. "Child of Poseidon?" now it was my turn to be