AN: Don't even ask what this is- cuz i have no idea- This will be updated whenever i feel like it :) Huge au mix of 4th and 6th year. The triwizard tournament will be included, but else the rest will pretty much be 6th year, but VERY au. The Triwizard tournament did not take place in 4th year- so make up your own 4th year where the scene on the graveyard (minus Cedric dying) still happens and my story will work for ya. Draco Malfoy was furious. His father had been put to Azkaban and oh so golden Potter had crushed his family's reputation. Draco clenched his fists by his sides. His mother was moving to France for the time being, as she didn't like being in the manor all by herself. This meant Draco would have to spend fucking Christmas at Hogwarts. Since his first year at the school he had always bragged about how amazing Christmas was at the manor, not being able to go home for said holiday this year, really had turned his world 180 degrees. It made him realize just how much things had changed since his first year. First of all, he now had to make up for his father's mistakes. He was relieved the dark lord hadn't marked him as his servant just yet, but the burden on his shoulders were as big as if he had. He had to kill Dumbledore. The greatest wizard of all times had to be murdered by a 16-year-old boy. If that wasn't enough, the old fool had decided to reinforce the triwizard tournament to create alliances between different countries. Bullshit. He huffed. At first he had been excited to see the tasks unfold, watching others endure danger, while he was safely seated in the tribune rows. He had always enjoyed the public humiliation the participants with no doubt would face. Of course Potter had to ruin it. Harry fucking Potter was the Hogwarts participant. Everyone from 6th year and up was allowed to participate and Potter and the stupid Weasel had of course put their names in. Gryffindor's like them probably enjoyed showing off their courage. That wasn't the worst thing though. Draco had been betting on Victor Krum taking home a safe win in the first task, but of course Potter had to do something incredible stupid and fuck up the judges' votes, by getting top marks. Draco snorted. It would probably be the only thing Potter would ever get topmarks in. Speaking of Potter, said male just left the Great hall. For once he wasn't surrounded by his idiotic friends. Draco glared at him, Potter returning the glare, the two passing each other without an exchange of words. Hell no. Potter would pay for ruining his normal. Potter was a fucking asshole and even hero assholes had to pay for causing others misery. Draco turned around and grabbed a hold of Potter's wrist, pulling the dark haired teen into the nearest broom closet, slamming the other male against the closed door Potter's only response had been an involuntary whimper and Draco lost it. He pulled Potter's wand out of his hand, throwing it away like the trash it was, eyes locked with bright green ones, full of surprise. "Oh Potter don't look so surprised, you knew it was about to happen one day. It's time to pay for the pain you've cause my family." Draco almost growled the words out, Potter not even as much as flinching, which annoyed Draco to no end. "Did you know muggles adopted spanking from wizards Potter? Their only problem being that they didn't have a wand to intensify their own strength." At this Potter's eyes widened and it seemed like things finally sunk into the Gryffindor's head. He finally realized Draco was being for real. Draco laughed. "You thought I was all words didn't you Potter?" Potter visible gulped, now actually attempting to free himself. Draco tsked, before he restrained Potters wrists with a quick spell, then locked the door behind the Gryffindor and turned to look for something he could transfigure into some form of chair. His eyes landed on an old broom, the handle was covered in a dark blue substance, which reminded him of slime. That would have to do. He raised an eyebrow as Potter glared at him. "Now, now Potter. Be a good boy and I might not feel the need to punish you too hard." That seemed to do the trick, Potter stood still in his spot, fiddling with his hands, but other than that, doing as he was told. Who would have known Potter could actually follow the rules he was given. Draco pat his head, mostly to annoy the git, before he returned to the broom. Concentrating about transfiguring said broom into a rather tacky looking stool. He turned to Potter, raising an eyebrow. "Pants down Potter. We don't have all day." Potter stood frozen to his spot, before he collected himself enough to shake his head violently. Draco rolled his eyes. Potter really was a pain in the ass. He tsked at the other male, before casting a charm which successfully undressed Potter in one blink of the eye, and on top of that folded his clothes nicely in a pile. He looked satisfied at the pile for a moment. He had gotten a lot better at that spell after he had used it on Blaise continuously, when the tan boy pissed him off. Draco's eyes then moved to the very naked Harry Potter, who was trying to cover himself up. Draco huffed. "Potter, get your ass over here" Potter lifted his head, looking much like a dear caught in headlights, before he shuffled over to Draco, who calmly took a seat at the stool. "What are you waiting for Potter?" "You can't do this to me Malfoy! You'll be punished!" Draco raised an eyebrow, chuckling. He was surprised Potter had kept the silent treatment up for so long. "Oh dear." He shook his head. "Potter, who would you tell that Draco Malfoy had humiliated you like this?" That seemed to do the trick, because Potter immediately shut up and sent a few glances around the room before he awkwardly laid on Draco's lap, attempting to get comfortable, though it was clear that attempt was wasted. Draco wasn't surprised that even the golden boy's butt seemed to be special. It seemed like dear Potter had actually worked out to get a nice butt. Not that Draco would complain about the current view. His hand found one of Potter's ass cheeks, giving it a firm squeeze. "Seems like you've been working out just for this moment Potter, huh?" Potter made a weird noise in the back of his throat, which made no sense what so ever. Draco simply took it as agreement and pulled his wand out. "I hope you enjoy pain Potter." Potter squirmed in his lap, obvious unsatisfied with the situation. Draco circled his wand over the other male's firm ass, whispering an incantation he had heard his father use so many times before. He hummed in content as Potter's ass shortly lighted up green, before the light disappeared. Now it was time to give back some of his pain to Potter. He glared at the offending mob of black hair, without a second thought slapping Potter's ass with as much strength as he could possible master. He froze. He hadn't expected Potter's reaction. Potter arched into him, letting out a mix between a whimper and a moan. If Draco didn't know better, he would have thought Potter liked it. Draco tried to ignore the sounds Potter made as his hand repeatedly collided with Potter's butt, the flesh already beef red. The spell he'd used had made Potter's ass especially sensitive. Draco tried to pour all his anger and frustration with his life, the task he had to achieve and Potter being fucking Potter into his arm. Managing to close out the sounds Potter made, eyes locked on the way Potter's ass grew deeper red for each time his hand collided with it. Then he felt it. He stopped the slap halfway, arm awkwardly in the air mid slap. He gulped. It couldn't be. "Turn over Potter!" When Potter didn't react right away, the desperation sneaked into Draco's voice as he almost yelled. "Fucking turn over now!" Potter took a moment to catch his breath before he maneuvered around, so he was lying awkwardly on his back on Draco's lap. The other male's face was bright red. A color Draco usually saw on the other's face whenever he was angry. His hair was sticking to his forehead and Potter flickered his tongue out to lick his dry lips. Draco almost didn't dare let his eyes move further down, but in the end, he pressured himself to do just that. Potter's hands lay comfortably on his stomach, still tied together with an invisible string. The interesting thing was what was below his hands. If Draco had been drinking water, he would probably have spit it out. Potter wasn't just hard, he was leaking. Draco bit his lip, averting his gaze. Potter had gotten hard from being spanked by him. What had the world come to. While Draco tried to get his thoughts around the obvious facts presented in front of him, Potter seemed to grow impatient. "So it was all words huh Malfoy? In the end, you are too much of a coward to actually do anything" Draco started laughing. Potter had to have lost it. He wanted Draco to continue spanking him. Which kind of crazy version of their world had he landed in? Potter was glaring at him. "Fuck you, Malfoy!" Draco kept laughing, reaching in to move the other male's hair away from his forehead. "Potter. You really think I can continue punishing you when you obviously like it?" Potter's glare intensified. "Just fucking continue Malfoy! It hurts." Draco's eyes darted down to Potter's erection, a grin spreading on his face. "Is that so? I guess denying your release will be enough punishment for this time, huh Potter?" Potter didn't seem to think so. Draco had no idea how he had undone the charm Draco had tied his hands with, but he found himself roughly being pushed onto the ground, before Potter was fumbling with his clothes. "if you won't take care of it I will!" Potter growled. This really was most enlightening. Potter was just as much of a horny teenager as anyone else. Draco pushed Potter's hands away, rolling his eyes before his own clothes landed in a neat pile beside Potter's. "Tell anyone and I'll kill you with my bare hands Potter" He sneered, Potter barely paying any attention to him, the black haired teen busy pressing their naked bodies together to achieve some kind of friction. By the Gryffindor's rather pathetic attempt it became clear to Draco that he had absolutely no experience. "Potter. I make the rules. Get off me and stand on all four. Stick your ass up. You have 10 seconds." Then he started counting down, sitting up after Potter scrambled off him, getting into the position Draco had told him, making Draco chuckle for himself. The knowledge he now had over Potter could ruin the male's reputation. If anyone knew just how submissive Potter was, who knew what his fellow Slytherin housemates could think of. Draco could already imagine it. Cornering Potter and taking advantage of his weakness. Draco sneakered as he moved over to Potter, giving his ass a firm squeeze. "Who would have known Harry bloody Potter was such a needy cock slut?" Harry whimpered, mumbling. "Shut up Malfoy- Just- fucking do your thing" Draco chuckled as he pulled his wand out from the pile containing his clothes, accioing Potter's wand, no way he was gonna dirty his own wand tsk tsk. He then proceeded to rub the tip of Potter's wand in between his