PAIRINGS: Rue/Thresh, Marvel/Foxface, Marvel/Glimmer, Haymitch/Gloss A/N: This is a 74th Hunger Games AU story. Rue is older than she was in the books, for starters, and there won't be any Katniss until much later. Many of the characters that will play larger roles haven't been tagged. You'll see them as they come. Please be warned that this chapter, as well as a lot of the story in the future, will contain subject matter that some may find sensitive, although it never goes over a 'T' rating. Just be ready to feel a few feels every now and then. Chapter One The crowd of District 11 had fallen silent, as was typical when a name was drawn from either ball on the day of the Reaping. No whispers were uttered in the widespread silence. Not a step was taken nor a swathe of clothing ruffled by anyone other than the escort, Ema Lojeski, who was perched behind the podium in a sleeveless, silky pink dress with many silver flowers clinging around the middle to her thighs. An adolescent child, Rue Arbor, stood among the sea of sweaty skin and her eyes gazed into the blossom of foliage from her spot among the other girls about her. Beams of sunlight sprinkled through trees in the distance and illuminated the empty ground. She listened for the chitter of squirrels and the mockingjays echoing them. "Rue Arbor?" repeated the escort. Rue's fingertips clutched the hem of her dress. The day was too beautiful for a reaping, but Rue was naive in thinking for a moment that that was going to stop the Capitol. "Rue Arbor? Are you present?" Scanning the square with artificial silver eyes, the skin of the escort's neck was taut as she craned over the wooden podium. But Rue didn't dare utter a word in response. From her sides, from behind and in front her stiffening figure, pitying glances were tossed her way, and the girl struggled to keep her eyes where they were, glued to the tattered leather sandals she had strapped over her feet. 'Lord,' she prayed, and she closed her eyes for the briefest of moments as another girl's hand brushed against hers, 'this is a dream. Please.' But she wasn't going to allow herself to believe her own lie. Not when everything felt so real. Her fear was real. The bumps that rose on her ebony skin, the shivers that ran through her body in the heated breeze of day were more real than ever. Again, Rue's eyelids fluttered shut, but longer this time, as the escort's artificial ones honed in on her shaking figure. "There she is, so darling. " The escort's voice was silky and fused with Capitol undertones that could be spotted by any district citizen, poor or fairly wealthy, like those in One. The escort waved Rue over with a beaming smile on her face, and the jewels on her nails caught the District 11 sunlight with the movement, twinkling like a night sky in June. "Come on, dear. This is your only chance. You of all these marvelous girls have been chosen. Now come on up and introduce yourself. Come up." Without thinking on the words, Rue revealed her chestnut-brown eyes to the crowd, whose faces were all turned towards the center of the square where she stood timid and afraid. The escort turned over her naked shoulder and gave the mayor a laughing smile. "Look at the child, she can hardly believe it." And Rue agreed. The truth was, she didn't want to believe it, and she wasn't sure she wanted to meet anyone who could find the heart to blame her for it. She wanted to continue dancing across treetops and sauntering through orchards where she wouldn't have to worry about survival any more than she already had to. So she simply shook her head to fight out the cowardly thought she had to fight away from this reality. Solemnly, children began to clear a path for Rue with their eyes focused on her stormy hair and ebony skin, the chestnut beads that watered with tears she struggled to hold back. She gazed up the aisle her district had cleared for her and told herself she wasn't done for. She knew with certainty that she had a chance in whatever games the Capitol had for her because she could run, she was stealthy. She was a very quick thinker and could scale halfway up a tree before a sword could be lifted or a mace swung. She could gather, and was fairly small in stature. Maybe this wasn't fear so much as shock, or the fear would go away as soon as she started strategizing. With controlled fingers, she gripped the hem of her worn jean dress, squeezing her eyes tightly shut one last time as she muttered to herself in a voice too soft to be a whisper, the words, "go. Rue, go." She pried them open again to the delicate faces of hundreds of girls, some of the faces soft and familiar, some of them befuddled and foreign. And then, one foot in front of the other, she took off. She pressed through thousands of children whose eyes peered into her gentle face with expressions of pity and sadness, even with the slightest disdain toward the Capitol if you looked close enough. As Rue pushed on, she felt a single hand grab hers with delicate fingers, could feel the gentle press of words into her palm, words that said, I'll remember you. It was the briefest of moments, yet even when she slid her hand away, she could feel the meaning of the gesture set in to her mind, could feel it develop a grip on her throat that brought tears to rest on the edges of her eyes. She willed her hands to stay by her sides as her tattered brown sandal met the first step of the Justice Building. Her eyes itched, a few tears brimming the chestnut pieces, but her face remained stony and thoughtful. She watched as the escort's pale hand reached down from the platform, and she didn't look into her silver eyes as she slid her fingers into a weak grip around the woman's icy hand. Instead, she let her gaze dart around the frozen square, let her eyes brush over the faces of the hundreds, thousands of children who were searching their minds for memories of the girl who had been reaped. Some didn't know of her. Others were sure she had been the one who tutored them in English, or fed bread to the ducks at lunch who waddled by. "Sweet Rue, our new tribute." The escort's voice was soft and smooth, like a purr that had been practiced and trained to sound sweet and youthful. The woman slid a thumb over the ebony skin of Rue's hand, the hand that trembled in fear. "How old are you, girl?" She asked the question with silver hollow eyes, her lips colored a naked shade of chrome as she spoke into a microphone that stood from the podium, erect among others. "I'm sixteen years old," Rue told her. The girl was still peeling her eyes from the crowd of people, and had just met the escort's startling silver ones. She even managed to pull her lips into a smile as she said the words, but it was fearful, timid. "Well, girl, you're a darling, I'll tell you that. " The escort was folding Rue's slip into a delicate little slip, and dropped it so it settled high on the wood of the podium, inches from the microphones that stood erect behind it. "In all my years of escorting Eleven, it would take me awhile to think of someone with such potential as you, with your pretty eyes and kinky black hair." The woman brushed a delicate hand over the kinks of Rue's dark hair, pushing a few of the curls behind the girl's ear and smiling as she did so. To the falter of the escort's smile, not a single word was uttered in the square, nor did an expression twitch or quiver in agreement. But Rue didn't need their agreement to know that she was beautiful. Looking up at the escort with timid brown eyes, she was just glad that someone, be it a Capitolite, was happy today. It wasn't often that you saw a smiling face on Reaping Day in 11. Actually, it wasn't often that you saw a smiling face elsewhere, either. Perhaps the Career districts showed elation when a cannon fired in the games, but Rue didn't feel like blaming Careers today. She was sure that at some time, be it long ago or just last year, a reaped Career child had a lot to lose. Perhaps the had child felt as bad as she did standing beside a painted woman on her way to certain death. Death. Just the mention of such a word sent tear dribbling down Rue's ebony skin, a droplet of the salty water curving into the gentle hollow of her throat. She hoped it wasn't visible on camera, though the red blush of her face probably was, so she just closed her eyes. Admittedly, death was something Rue didn't much care to think about either. She felt the escort give her hand a squeeze with gentle fingers, a squeeze that trapped her thoughts into her palm and sent her back into reality. Rue caught the woman's eyes, caught her beaming white smile and the young silver lips that curled around it. "—boys," said the woman, and the escort gave a hum of a ditzy old Capitol tune as she sauntered behind the podium with pink fabric heels that click-clacked against the concrete. She dipped her hand into a bowl of glass, filled to the edge with bright white slips of paper, and in a breathless moment, her manicured fingertips landed on a single slip of paper that was wedged somewhere in the middle of the bowl. The woman's silver eyes seemed to beam at the anticipation in the square as she unfolded the slip with a light smile curving her lips. Somewhere in the back of Rue's mind, she was wondering where her father stood among the crowd. She imagined his tired body milling alone in Eleven's groves, spending the last of his years collecting berries from the bushes he'd helped Rue plant when she was little. And that thought sent a tinge of sadness into Rue's heart, because among many other duties, collecting berries was something Rue did. For the longest time, she would wrap small handfuls of the produce in waxy leaves, stuffing them into the pockets of her only pair of overalls so her father could make jam to spread over the tough, tasteless bread she'd trade seeds for in the black market. Those berries were the only thing besides his daughter that he loved more than he loved himself. The blue ones were his favorite, and oftentimes, that was a very dangerous thing. Nightlock berries were only a slightly darker shade of purple and would kill you an instant after ingestion. The escort turned a slip of paper in her hands right-side-up, her silver pupils focusing on the tiny writing scrawled in pen across the dainty slip. Rue's mind flashed back to a boy, small, confident in his movements, with a gleaming white smile and a nose that crinkled when he laughed. She remembered finding him sitting upright against a tree in the orchards, a ways away from the most unfavorable of the three schools in District 11. In his lap had rested a book about the harvest, the leather torn and wrinkled, the pages mangled and worn. In his chubby fingers had been a damaged length of plastic with a ball point tip and an inch of ink running through the middle. She had offered a hand with his work, and his 12-year-old body grew tense, his shoulders