-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.- Listen -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.- Sirius broke out of Azkaban with the intention of hunting down Wormtail. He stops by Surrey just to take a quick look at Harry. Just a glimpse to see if he's okay. He won't stop, he won't talk to him… Then Vernon Dursley wraps his hands around Harry's throat and any plan he had is out the window. But Remus will help. Sirius has Harry, he has a way to make Remus listen. He has to… -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.- Remus will help. Remus will listen. He'll have to, I have Harry. I have Harry. Sirius felt a sick burn in his stomach, churning his worry around until he felt like he was going to burst apart in flame. He clutched his godson, too small and shaking even in his sleep, closer. He felt a strange sort of disbelief well up inside of him. He hadn't held his godson in twelve years. He never thought he would get the chance again even when he dreamed of it every night since… since… Since James. Since Lily. Since Peter ripped them all apart. Don't think about it. Get to Remus. He'll help. He'll listen because now he has to. Sirius had only been out of Azkaban a week. It had been easy to find Harry. He knew what list James and Lily had given Dumbledore for who could have custody of Harry. Sirius had been at the top but he had been in Azkaban. Then had been Remus but that was a defiant dream of James', more symbolic than realistic. Then Frank and Alice Longbottom but Sirius knew what Bellatrix had done. Somewhere in the line was Peter, who was out for obvious reasons, McGonagall, who wouldn't have gone against Dumbledore, Dumbledore himself, who wouldn't have taken on guardianship of a baby, and a slew of other people who were dead either right before Lily and James or right after. Sirius had turned it over in his mind again and again for years. Who had his godson? The answer was stunningly simple. Dumbledore was a good man who tried to do the right thing but he tended to forget that his chess pieces were people. Of course it made sense to give Harry to his aunt; there were no other choices left. On the chess board, it made perfect sense. In real life, it was a choice so bad Lily hadn't ever considered it safe for her son. Sirius knew where they lived. He'd been once with James to prank Lily's horse-faced sister and her husband after they had been so terrible to Lily at their parents' funerals. A boring little muggle house in a boring little muggle neighborhood that housed two horrible muggles who were immensely proud of their muggleness. He could find his way back, nearly fifteen years later and painfully without James. And he had, it hadn't even been hard. He couldn't remember which house it had been exactly. They were all the same, all dead husks void of originality. The smell though… that had made it easy. He smelled like James and little boy and fear and magic and the barest hint of his own baby scent. One sniff to the air and Sirius had known that he had found his godson. He had run, he had run and found him and stared and stared until the boy went inside and then he'd just sat there, stunned and so filled with joy and sadness that he had needed the entire night just to remember how to function. Harry, right in front of him, Harry who looked like James, Harry who was still alive and okay despite how horribly Sirius had done his job. He might have still been a little out of his mind the next morning too, as he peered into windows covertly. The fat Uncle had knocked the sense right back into him. He was bigger and louder than the last time Sirius had been unfortunate enough to see him. All at once, the reality of Harry's situation had come crashing down around him. These Muggles had hated magic and hated Lily. Harry was the pairing of the two, made real and dependent on them. Of course they hated him. How could Dumbledore have thought it would go differently? They gave him a list of chores that would have been cruel on a house elf. The woman wouldn't feed him, threatened to lock him in his room. The whale of a boy shoved him and taunted him. The day dragged on endlessly, his poor godson worked beyond what was fair. Sirius realized that Harry wasn't just small because Sirius had pictured him that way. He was really and truly too skinny, not even the size James had been at eleven even though Harry was supposed to be nearly thirteen. He was bruised in non-obvious places that Sirius only glimpsed as Harry did manual labor in the yard. They were hurting him, starving him and grinding him down into the dirt they said he belonged in. Sirius might have been able to walk away even through all of that. He could have turned his back and went back out to track down Remus or Dumbledore and appealed to them. He could have started his hunt for Peter. Both would have benefitted Harry and been the smarter choice. Less impulsive, more like what he should have thought through twelve years ago. Then the Muggle hit his godson. And kicked him and shoved him and tried to choke him. Sirius had burst in the house, as a dog then as a man. The woman had screamed, his godson had been unconscious. The fat boy had clutched at his butt as though it were about to fall off. He wasn't really sure what had happened. It had been so fast. His only clear plan had been to take Harry and run. He had shouted at Lily's sister, demanding his godson's things and praying that the boy's wand would let him use it. She had shakily pointed at a cupboard under the stairs and Sirius had kicked the flimsy lock right off the door. The trunk was easy to open and the broom had been a welcome find. The wand even more so. Sirius put it in his hand and it didn't feel like his or even like James' had but it let him use it all the same. He shrunk the boy's things, grabbed the broom and was out before the fat Muggle had time to wake. "We're free Harry, both of us." Sirius whispered to the boy in his arms. Now that he was away from the house, though not nearly far away enough, he realized he needed to see the damage the Muggle had done. Gently, he laid Harry down on a park bench. Harry whimpered once his back touched the cold wood of the bench and Sirius snatched him back up into his arms. He's hurt. That bloody bastard… "Shh," Sirius soothed in a shaky voice. This was so different from his baby godson fussing. This was an injured boy who didn't even know him. When Harry woke up, he would be terrified. Don't think about it. Just help him. " Lumos ." Sirius incanted, glad when the wand agreed with him enough to produce a steady light. After two spells without catastrophic results, he figured he could use it to cast a few healing spells on Harry and not accidentally do harm. First, though, he needed to see the damage. Harry's eye was swollen shut and there was a freely bleeding gash up in his hairline. With a jolt Sirius realized that his shoulder was just as bloody from Harry's head resting against it. That'll freak Remus out more than I wanted to… He shifted Harry around in his lap, trying to be as gentle as possible to his back. He pulled the back of his godson's threadbare yet also huge shirt up and pointed the wandlight down his back to see… nothing? There wasn't any wound there, nothing swollen to show that something was wrong underneath his skin. His bones showed too easily and there was some bruising around the back of his neck where the Muggle's hands had squeezed but there was nothing Sirius could see explicitly wrong with Harry's back. He pulled the shirt back down and tried to lay his godson down again. The boy made a pitiful sound once he was away from Sirius. He wants to stay with me. His head told him that Harry was probably cold, possibly in shock, and that he was warm. His heart told him that Harry recognized him or at least recognized that he was safe. This is proof, his traitorous mind whispered, that he belongs with you. His hands shook as he finished looking Harry over. There were some ribs that were definitely broken and some bruises that would be wickedly vibrant soon enough. He muttered a few spells under his breath, stabilizing the boy's ribs until someone with more recent experience in healing – Remus – could do something more for them. He ripped a strip of fabric from the bottom of Harry's tent and charmed it clean enough to wrap around his head wound. From there he made sure that Harry could breathe decently enough He'll be okay for a while. Run. Find Remus. Make him listen. Sirius pulled Harry back up to lean against him and then just… sat. He knew he needed to move. There had to be ways for Dumbledore to monitor at least Harry's presence at that house, although obviously not his safety or health. The Headmaster would come soon and Sirius couldn't say if he could make him listen like he could make Remus listen. There was too much to explain to Dumbledore. He didn't know what they had done to help Remus, all those years ago. Get up. Run. Sirius stood. It would be easier than finding Harry. He knew exactly where to go. -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.- -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.- Remus' family had a little cottage out in the middle of nowhere. He had inherited it, even though there were other relatives who could have claimed it too. Remus had resented it a little, even if he accepted gratefully. Pity and pride were two things that didn't mix. He owned it outright. It was surrounded by enough land to keep a werewolf in. It wasn't so big that maintenance would cost a lot. It was perfect for a werewolf. Especially one who's friends had, quite unintentionally, left him behind. Sirius just prayed that Remus hadn't somehow lost his home as well was his friends. Flying with Harry was a slightly difficult way to reintroduce himself to broom flight, especially considering the apparent leaps and bounds the makers of racing brooms had made since Sirius had last flown on one, but flying was as second nature to Sirius as casting. A few shaky moments as he and Harry got into a good position and Sirius got used to the broom and then it was like no time at all had passed since Sirius had last flown. He went up as high as he dared, hoping to stay out of the light cast by the muggle streets down below, and the tightness in his chest eased ever so slightly. Harry, thankfully, kept sleeping. Sirius couldn't imagine his godson waking up and him losing his grip on the boy while they were so high up. Just a little bit further. We'll be safe soon. They wouldn't be, not really. Remus might blast Sirius into oblivion if he was angry enough and Harry wasn't in his arms. He felt vaguely sick about it but he was going to have to use his godson human-shield style until he could get Remus to listen. Even after, if Remus believed him, they wouldn't be safe. The Ministry wasn't unaware of Sirius' list of potential allies and neither was Dumbledore. They would go to Remus and question