Disclaimer: I own nothing. All belongs to Stephanie Meyer and I have just borrowed all recognizable characters and content. Prologue Sam Blake and Chad were laughing their asses off at something stupid on Blake's phone as I came out of the shower, towel wrapped around my waist while I ran another through my wet hair. "Fuck man, you been shooting up the 'roids without us I see!" Chad mumbled, poking my bicep. Blake snorted and made to say something when I flung the now-wet towel at his head. I knew that I'd grown in the last couple of months. I'd always been tall but now I stood at 6'5" and was completely muscle. Playing football in school meant that I was always training but I could only attribute my recent muscle and height gain to a late growth spurt. "Shut up, idiot. I'm just filling out not taking drugs!" I groaned, walking to my wardrobe in search of something to wear. Chad and Blake had been my best friends since primary school and I'd always been able to laugh off their stupidity but lately I'd been getting a little more than irritated by their antics. Shrugging into a black t-shirt, I decided against boxers and pulled my jeans straight on instead. We were going to a party at Leah Clearwater's house and I was only half excited about it. Blake had a crush on Leah from the moment that she'd thrown a mud pie at him in grade three and he'd been pining after her ever since. I had to admit, she'd grown up quite a lot in the last year and she was pretty but not someone I'd be interested in. "I wonder what Leah will be wearing tonight. I hope it's that little red dress she wore to Chris' party last month. Her legs looked amazing!" Blake fantasized, sounding every bit like a lovesick idiot. "Seriously dude, you need to relax. She can practically smell your desperation; you reek of it!" Chad looked bored, laying back on my bed and crossing his arms behind his head. "Fuck you man, I do not. Leah's into me, I know it. I'm just biding my time before I make a move." Yeah, Blake was desperate. Chad laughed, "Seriously, I heard about it on this docu-series last week. When a man is desperate for attention, he gives of this scent that repels females. Give it a rest!" I let them continue their back and forth as I hunted through my closet for some shoes and pulled them on, shoving Brad's leg out of my way so that I could sit at the foot of my bed. My room in my mother's house seemed to be getting smaller and smaller each day and I was really looking forward to going off to college in three months' time. I'd been accepted into UCLA on a football scholarship and was going to study engineering. I was moving in two months into my apartment near campus and was using the last two months in La Push to spend time with my mother. As I thought about my mother I cringed; she'd been with my father for 10 years when I was a kid before he left, and was still seeing him on and off when he came into town until six months ago. The bastard was a drunk and an abuser and I hadn't seen him since I was 14 and we had come to blows when I found him sneaking out of the house. Mum had been deaf since birth and my father had used that against her, always calling her stupid and making her feel useless. He would refuse to sign to her and make her read his lips so that she would have to look at him as he insulted her. If I ever saw that bastard again, I swore that I would break his legs before he got a chance to come near my mother again. I was pulled from my reverie by Blake and Chad shoving each other and shouting about something stupid. "Will you two just shut up already? Blake, stop pining after her and do something about it. I'm seriously so sick of hearing you talk about her but never making a move. Come on , dude." I turned to him and glared only half-seriously, shocked at how deep and strong my voice had been. Brad looked shocked but nodded his head in understanding. "Okay, I will. Tonight, I'm going just to ask her out. It'll be fine." I clapped my hand onto his shoulder and stood up. "Good. Now let's go – party started two hours ago." We'd walked to the Clearwater's house, which was five minutes from my own and made our way out the back, arms laden with beer and spirits. School friends and people from previously graduating years greeted me as I dumped my alcohol contribution into the coolers. "Sam, what's up? How's things been since graduation?" Leah's friend Mary came out of nowhere and wrapped a hand around my bicep. "Hi Mary," I said in a bored voice as I grabbed a couple of beers for myself, Blake and Chad, "Seeing as we only graduated two weeks ago, there hasn't been a lot of opportunity for major change." Chad chuckled and chimed in, "We live in La Push; nothing life-changing happens overnight!" Mary looked at me expectantly, like she wanted me to continue the conversation so I smiled and gestured to some seats off to the side. Chad and Blake dispersed between the other guests, leaving me stranded and too nice to think of an excuse to leave. The party was in full swing; people were drinking and laughing and dancing to the music that was so loud it caused a slight pain in my ears. People I'd graduated from High School with lined the yard sitting in seats and beanbags or laid out on blankets that had been strategically splayed all around. People I'd probably never see again once I left because I didn't have any plans to come back. I was going to establish myself and then bring my mother to join me. Mary was a pretty girl – long, bottle blonde hair and big brown eyes, a little plump in the middle but had a great rack – and she was smiling with such enthusiasm that I decided to keep her company for a while before I moved along to catch up with some other friends. "So what are your plans for college?" I probed, appreciating the way she was giving me her full attention. "I haven't decided a lot yet, I barely graduated so there's not a lot of options. Maybe I'll do something at community college and stay close to home. Maybe I'll travel – who really knows what they want to do right now?" She was twirling her hair in one of her fingers as she babbled, making it blissfully aware to me how little she had been planning for the future. "I know what I want to do. I've known since I was a Junior, actually. And it's certainly not sticking around on this reservation for much longer than I have to." If she was flustered by my bluntness she didn't show it, instead leaning in closer and batting her eyelashes. "I'm much more of a live in the moment kind of chick. If I see something I like, I'll do them. Or it." Her innuendo was clear as she put her hand on my arm again, running her fingers along my skin. I stood quickly, "I need to find Blake, nice talking to you Mary." Walking away without giving her a chance to respond, I made a beeline to where Blake was sitting with Leah, Michelle and Taryn all with beers in their hands. I snagged another on my way and plonked down next to Blake with a grunt. "What's up, man?" Blake smiled, looking away from Leah for a few seconds to acknowledge that I was there. "Hussies," was all I offered, taking a big gulp of my drink. Blake only nodded and then turned back to Leah, who was looking at Blake with dreamy eyes that made me want to tell them both they were idiots. The rest of the party went on in the same way most High School parties normally did; girls were or were pretending to be a little too drunk, swinging hips a little too much as they danced around in front of the men they were eyeing off. Blake and Leah were dancing a little too close to each other to be just 'friends' and when I saw him whisper something in her ear and Leah's responding giggle, I knew Blake had finally grown a set and made a move. I was happy for the guy; Leah had big, dark eyes and black hair that came down to her shoulders and hung straight. She was tall and lean and looked good on Blake's arm, who stood a few inches taller than her while she was in heels. I moved from group to group, chatting with people I hadn't spent too much time around but who knew me as the star quarterback who'd scored a scholarship and was leaving the Res. Football was like second nature to me; I could read a play in seconds, adjust my own accordingly and pop one out to a running back to score the winning touchdown in just as many breaths. I wasn't overly proud but I knew I played well. If nothing else, I'd been given at least one good trait from my father and that was his athletic ability. Only I didn't plan to waste mine by turning to the drink and never making anything of myself like Joshua Uley had done. As I grabbed another beer, I felt someone rub up against my thigh and turned to find Mary standing there again. She was wearing a tight pink dress and her cleavage seemed to have lowered considerably since we'd spoken at the top of the evening. "Hey Mary, what's up?" I grunted, popping the top off my bottle. "SAM!" She giggled and somehow I could just sense that the tipsiness she was exhibiting was exaggerated. "Let's dance!" Her voice got louder, more high pitched as she slipped her hand into mine and proceeded to try and tug me out onto the dance floor. I stayed rooted to my spot and took a swig of beer. "No, thanks." I responded, pulling my hand from hers. "Pleaseeeeeeeeeee. Just one dance? You know you want to…" She left the sentence dangling before me as she ran her now-free hand along her chest. I rolled my eyes and took a deep breath to keep myself from laughing. "No, I know I most certainly don't want to. Thanks for the offer but it looks like Jared over there might be free." I pointed to Jared Cameron, who was standing talking to a couple of younger guys who had made their way into the gathering. Mary's eyes lit up with fire and she stomped off in his direction. I felt my temper spike – why was I getting so annoyed at her persistence? It wasn't unusual for girls on the Res to throw themselves at the football team and it certainly wasn't the first time that Mary had tried to take a ride on my bike but it had never bothered me so much before. I took another gulp of beer and shrugged, trying to alleviate some of the tension in my shoulders as Chad made his way over to me. "Dude! Did you see Leah and Blake? They snuck off into her room just before – Blakey is going to get some ACTION!" I laughed with him as we shared a high five. About friggen time. "I'm so over this shindig, man. It's only just gone one and I'm ready to leave." Chad looked at me