The Edge of Perfect Author's Note : I honestly do not know what this is. . . Oh wait! Yes I do. It's a distraction from real life and absolutely has no plot whatsoever. This was supposed to be a one-shot but I couldn't stop typing. There will be three chapters. Also to be aware of, I wrote some smut here, guys. It's my first one and it is horribly awkward and perhaps over the top. This is a threesome , with both hetero and homosexual encounters. If none of these things float your boat, kindly hit the back button. Excuse any and all errors. Enjoy! Warning : Strong language, sexual scenes, multiple partners, m/m/f Disclaimer : This is J.K Rowling's world and I am just here for the ride. I own nothing. I Hermione Granger's life was quite perfect, she would say. After the war was finally over, it was time to rebuild Wizarding Britain and purge it's plaguing pureblood supremacy. She went back to Hogwarts for her final year, scored Outstandings on all of NEWTs, and obtained a position in the Ministry. Wouldn't expect anything less of Hermione Granger. It took days—weeks really—to put together proper trials for all the Death Eaters and Voldemort sympathizers who aided him during the war. Hermione herself wasn't involved very much with the trials, only to speak for or against someone. She remembered that her eyes clashed with silver as she stared at Draco Malfoy, restrained, and nearly shoved before the Wizengamot for his trial. Harry had just spoken for Narcissa Malfoy nee Black moments ago and she was sentenced to house arrest, wand monitoring for three years, and payments from the House of Malfoy to compensate for the war. It was far better than Azkaban, where Lucius Malfoy was sentenced. When Draco was next to be tried, she, Harry, and surprisingly Ron spoke for him when he had not revealed their identities to Bellatrix Lestrange and had defected. As a child brought up in war, Hermione had enunciated that it there were no choices for those brought up in those types of households. They were only a product of their environment and still had humanity inside of them. Many of the other Junior Death Eaters, such as Gregory Goyle and Theodore Nott, found themselves at the mercy of the Wizengamot with similar conditions, sentenced to house arrest, or return to Hogwarts to retake their final year, and wand monitoring for two years after their graduation. Harry preached and demanded Severus Snape's recognition for his immeasurable sacrifice and loyalties to Albus Dumbledore and to the Order of the Phoenix. Harry wanted his name clean and to be seen as a war hero, and not as the greasy traitorous professor who killed Dumbledore. When Hermione was finished with school, the Golden Girl dug her lioness claws into the system of the Ministry to shred the entire place apart. Not on her own, of course. The Minister of Magic, Kingsley Shacklebolt and many witches and wizards were doing everything in their power to cleanse the corruption within the Ministry, all the while Harry and Ron were doing their part to become Aurors. The Sacred Twenty Eight was in shambles, as the last of their bloodlines were lost within the war in either death itself or locked away in Azkaban. When they had finished Hogwarts, Draco Malfoy and Theodore Nott had taken over their House Seat, and started to work in the Ministry. A reluctant Harry had also reclaimed the seat for the House of Potter, though he wanted little to do with the politics and more so with the wizarding law enforcement. It wasn't nearly as shocking to see that war had changed all of them. She was faced with little resistance and perhaps just a bit of reluctance when she had started to fix the mess left by a certain toad-face bitch. Speaking of toad-face bitch, Hermione was not so secretly pleased when Dolores Umbridge was placed into Azkaban for multiple reasons. But that was just the cherry on top. Now, as the Head of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, she was able to construct werewolf rights— Lupin Laws —and she was currently working on a way to make the wolfsbane potion more affordable while still effective, and perhaps in only one dose instead of multiple. While at first there had been an argument with the few older members of the Wizengamot against the right for horrid creatures, it was at the insistence of the younger generation, and surprisingly Draco Malfoy himself who had spoke up on Hermione's behalf that people all around Europe were inflicted during Greyback's derange mauling of innocent people. That alone did not make them horrid creatures. He had even mentioned Remus Lupin, the wizard whom the law was named after, had taught students in Hogwarts to defend themselves, and had died a war hero alongside his wife, his mate. It was safe to say that Malfoy had a soft spot for Remus, because of his closeness to Teddy once his mother and his aunt Andromeda had made amends. Even Theodore Nott, whom she had worked with to put together proper rebuttals to get the purebloods on her side, had spoken to pass her law. Two powerful families both had quieted the outbursts and resistance when they had teamed up with a third of the Golden Trio. In fact, she had been working with Nott and Malfoy through her years in the Ministry. While they had attended Hogwarts together for their final year, the pair of Slytherins had kept to themselves. Now she practically saw Nott—whom granted her permission to call him Theo —every day. Since he had been brought up in a pureblood home, he had a vast amount of knowledge about their culture that Hermione had yet to truly understand, begrudgingly. Theo was warm and pleasant only to those whom he wanted to show affection, and at first she believed that he was cold and distant. But working alongside with him, she had begun to understand his personality and he began accepting her as more than just a silly little muggleborn witch trying to change to world. He was quiet, but his eyes were expressive and his lips always twitched in his own ways of conveying his true thoughts. She was even on decent terms with Draco Malfoy. While the war had drastically changed his views and he had been reserved in the few years after the war, now he seemed like the same prat from Hogwarts. He never held any malice, but he was still a git. Picking little arguments with Ron or Harry when he saw them in her office, always commenting about her hair or her wardrobe, just going out of his way to sneer at people. It was sad to say she was used to it by now. He wasn't as easy to become amicable co workers with as Theo had been, but as a begrudgingly excellent potioneer—he was working on becoming a potions master—he was working with Hermione on the solutions with the wolfsbane potion. Sometimes she wanted to hex the ferret silly, but she found that she enjoyed Malfoy's presence. . . in moderation, of course. He was witty and smart, always engaging her into intellectual arguments. She just believed he liked the sound of his own voice. Working with her on such a project was good for him. He would be able to rebuild himself and his reputation, as well as his family name. As far as her personal life went, well, she was content. After the war, she and Ron fumbled a bit after their rather hasty kiss in the Chamber of Secrets. They were sweet, to put it simply. Hermione wanted to take on the Ministry, and even the world, but Ron just wanted to settle down from all the exhaustion the war had brought, alongside his tiring job. They had dated for a year before finally breaking up. It was small smiles and awkward hugs, but their friendship meant more to them than bitter resentment of a relationship that simply wasn't meant to be. He was now married Susan Bones and was expecting his second child. The pair was adorable and they had complimented each other so wonderfully well. Susan never had a problem with Hermione when she and Ron shared a hug that was far longer than friends would normally embrace. He kissed her forehead, and she leaned her head on his chest. In fact, Susan had cried because she was so happy that their friendship was strong and unyielding to whatever life had thrown their way. Hermione cried at Harry and Ginny's massive wedding planned by Molly, as much as the pair hated the spotlight. She was just so ridiculously happy to see her friend, lost in the eyes of his lover, dancing like it was just the two of them. Harry was finally happy. Losing his parents, brought up by horrible people, thrown into a whole other world, fighting his entire life, defeating a madman, and now he was finally at ease. Finally away from war. Finally able to truly live . They too, were expecting another child, much to Harry's panic and elation. He and Ginny moved into Godric's Hollow, into the cottage that his parents once lived. The home of the Ancient House of Black, left in Harry's name by Sirius, was remodeled and cleansed of all dark and cursed objects to become an orphanage for the Wizarding Britain. Hermione Granger was single, taking on the Ministry just like she planned it. Of course she had a few one night stands, a date here and there, but she had always broke them off. She was fine on her own. It wasn't until not one, but two men made themselves dominate in Hermione's so called perfect life that she noticed it wasn't completely perfect after all. . . . Her heels clicked against the floors in such a way that most of the Ministry knew just who was marching through the halls. Hermione was confident in her intelligence and when she was walking through the Ministry, she didn't want anyone to get in her way of her destination. Not that anyone really intercepted her, with the exception of Harry, Ron, the Minister himself, her friends, her co workers. . . well, perhaps she would stop for anyone, but once they saw her walking in a determined gait, they always stepped aside. In her arms, she carried multiple files and three ancient tomes. Usually she had no problem shrinking them and shoving them into her purse, but the books she held were to be handled lightly and with care; she was terrified that she would damage them. While she hugged them to her chest she had two cups floating behind her from the muggle coffee shop on the same street as her flat. She had charmed them not to spill and to keep them hot while she traveled to the Ministry. Her hair was pulled into a french twist, but a few tendrils of hair escaped and bounced along with her strides. The witch nodded and smiled as others greeted her 'good morning Miss Granger!' before she passed her office door. She didn't bother to go inside to drop off her belongings and instead, she stopped at the door next to hers. Adjusting her grip on her books, Hermione rasped her knuckles against the wood in a slight rhythmic beat to let the person on the other side know just who was there. Normally it was polite to wait until the other had granted her permission to enter, but instead, she didn't wait for any indication, as she knew he was always rather free at this time. "Theo," she greeted as she stepped inside of the office before gently nudging the door with her foot to close it and glanced up at the handsome man sitting at the large