Disclaimer- I don't own the Percy Jackson series, but I really, really want to! Extended Summary- Percy and Luke have one chance at redemption; save seven demigods, fight their tormentors, defeat Kronos, and save Olympus. Not only must they compete with bloodthirsty monsters, powerful adversaries, and deal with dark pasts and closets full of skeletons, but in the end, they must compete against each other. Only one demigod can be redeemed. Only one fallen hero can rise again. And both willing to do anything for their one last chance, both are willing to die again to get one last chance to live. The Beginning of the End Nico POV 6 Years Ago… Rain cascaded down from above, the incessant tip-tapping from outside easily mistakable for a small army marching through the empty halls. Curfew had fallen hours ago, leaving the boys dormitory still and quiet aside of the snores and sniffling. The occasional thunderclap had the other boys rolling over, heads firmly entrenched under pillows to block out the noise, eager for sleep and dreams. But not me. With every lightning flash, I studied my alarm clock, the second hand clicking away. It was hard to stay still under the covers, silently begging time to speed up. Midnight ticked away. One o'clock ticked by. Two o'clock ticked ever later. Tick-tock, tock-tick. Six minutes to three. I shivered in anticipation, sticking my head up to make sure the coast was clear. I couldn't help the excitement building up inside me, daring me to sneak out. Sneaking out after curfew was nothing new, but it's what came after that had me practically bouncing under the sheets, giddy with excitement. It was hard to play it cool on the edge of an adventure like this, especially since life here at Westover Hall Orphanage was ridiculously, stupendously, undeniably, boring. Nothing fun ever happened. Well, unless chores, studying, and constant pre-military drills counted as 'fun'. You had to face reality and see that our secluded home was dull as ditchwater. At least it had been before yesterday. Bia and I had been at lunch when Ms. Gottschalk, the orphanage director, introduced our new 'teacher'. The man in question, introducing himself as Ferdinand, had strolled over with an easy smile, happily introducing himself and saying he was looking forward to working with us. All we could do was stare at his feet. Or, what should have been his feet. Ferdinand had hooves! More than that, he had shaggy goat legs, and two horns twisting out of his thinning hair. Ms. Gottschalk didn't blink twice his appearance, she didn't even seem to notice as he tapped a cloven hoof impatiently through her speech to the students. Ferdinand must have known that we had noticed because he, shooting us a wink when he saw us whispering and pointing, leaning in close to ask us to come to class early. The moment they pair had walked off, Bianca and I argued, trying to figure out exactly what we had, settling for getting the dirt on the newcomer. We were the only ones who seemed to noticed anything was amiss, even the other teachers were oblivious. At Bianca's insistence, we came late to class, easing into the back of his class, watching wearily the whole time. Nothing happened. The goat dude taught the lesson, told a few corny jokes, and that was it. He didn't even hand out homework, leaving the class cheering by the end of the period and charging out before he could change his mind. We just stood at the back of the class, watching Ferdinand. And then he came over to us and laid it all on the table. Our goat dude told us that we were demigods, the children of the gods, and that we were incredibly special and that we were destined for greatness. The horns and hooves were the classic tells of a satyr, our satyr specifically, sent out from Olympus to find demigods, keep them safe, and bring them home. And then he had asked us if we were ready to leave this place. Bianca had taken a little convincing. For being the brains of the family the majority of the time, my big sis was a tad slow on the uptake. Eventually, Ferdinand had won her over, and now, in just two more minutes, we would be out of here, and out there, for a life of adventure, a practical paradise! Monsters, magic, swords, gods, danger! I couldn't stop a grin from spreading across my face. This was so awesome! One minute to go. I was still dressed under the covers, shoes on and bag packed to the brim, acting as a rather uncomfortable pillow to stay incognito. At three o'clock, I would grab my stuff, tiptoe out of the boy's dormitory, and sneak into the main hall, where my sister and Ferdinand would be waiting. After that, we would slip out the staff exit, down to the parking lot, and drive away, drive until this place was nothing but a bad memory. Five, four, three, two, one, time! I cautiously pushed my blanket off and grabbed my bag, sliding off the edge of the bed and slowly standing up. Lightning zigzagged out in the darkness, lightning up the room for me to see my way as the storm picked up. My steps were drowned out by the pounding of the rain and the howl of the wind, but I did my best to stay quiet on my way to the door. The loudest creak I had ever heard erupted from under my foot, and I froze, heart, leaping into my throat. The boy closest to the door, Trevor, snorted in his sleep, a boom of thunder eliciting a yawn before he turned over, fast asleep. I waited for a long, quiet minute, before easing my foot off the board it was on, gently prying open the door and dodging out into the hallway. I ran as quietly as I dared through the halls, the suits of armor that lined the walls standing at attention as I made my way through the darkness. The orphanage had been an old castle before it was converted, the only true light coming from slotted windows and unlit torches. Electricity was a much-sought commodity that only made its way into the classrooms, kitchens, the gymnasium, and the staff's room. We orphans had only just got lights in our own dorms less than a month ago, and even that couldn't really help at night. I took the stairs to the main hall two at a time, skipping the last few entirely and skidding to a halt in sight of the front door. I glanced around, trying to remember where exactly I was supposed to meet up with Bianca and Ferdinand. A hand grabbed my shoulder, and I screamed, only for another hand to cover my mouth. I struggled for a second before a familiar voice said: "Neeks, it's us you idiot!" I stopped struggling, rolling my eyes and pulling myself free of my sister. "I'm not an idiot," I muttered, glaring at her. Bianca was opening her mouth to retort when Ferdinand interjected, taking a hold of our shoulders and letting out a chuckle. "Come on kiddos, we got work to do. There'll be plenty of time for bickering on the road, capiche?" Bianca scowled and I stuck out my tongue before Ferdinand gently started propelling us back. "You remembered everything? We don't have to make any more trips?" We nodded and Ferdinand went on. "Good. I've got snacks in the van, you two can sleep in the back once we hit the road. It'll will take a while to get to New York, and a little longer to get to Long Island. To stay on the safe side, we'll be making as few stops as possible, so I hope you don't have to use the bathroom." Bianca was starting to look worried again but nonetheless allowed herself to be pushed to the 'Staff Only' corridor. Ferdinand took out a ring of keys and unlocked the door, ushering us in. The hall was brightly illuminated, lights shining down on portraits of former owners, instructors and picture perfect children who had been adopted. We trotted down the hall, getting closer and closer to sweet freedom, turning left and right through a maze of stone and firm carpeting. One more turn and there would be the kitchens, and through them the stairway down to the parking lot. The three of us froze in our tracks at the sound of a handle rattling. A door to our left opened out, the door blocking us from view as someone stepped out. Ferdinand quickly pulled us back and motioned for us to run. Bianca and I took off, Ferdinand right behind us. The unknown person turned the corner just as we turned another one. "Who's there?" Ms. Gottschalk inquired, quick to pursue our vanishing shadows. Ferdinand ushered us on, motioning for us to go faster. We broke into a sprint, hearing Gottschalk shouting after us, something about deviant hoodlums, punishments, and peanut butter. We skidded to a halt back at the exit to the main hall and filed through as Ferdinand grabbed a decorative dagger from one of the suits of armor and slammed the door, wedging the blade firmly in-between the door and the frame and giving it a twist. "That should give us a few minutes. I was hoping to make a clean break with you kids, but I guess we'll just have to deal with it. Come on, we'll just use the main entrance." Bianca and I broke into laughter as we heard Gottschalk collide with the door and start ordering us to open it this instant. We were still laughing when we bumped with Ferdinand, who was standing stalk still, wide-eyed, pale, and sniffing the air intently. "What's wrong?" Bianca's face instantly lost its glow, the usual worry and anxiety returning at the prospect of oncoming doom. "Not good. Not good at all. I didn't think they'd catch up so quickly… Kids we have to go-" Ferdinand was cut off as something broke through the storm, loud enough to be a crash of thunder, but far more guttural and angry. The sound shook the castle, and the lights flickered out. More sounds started erupting from outside, screams and screeches echoing eerily through the storm. The windows rattled, unnatural shadows clambering up the walls, bright orange light, firelight, illuminating the hall from outside. We all started slowly backing away as things started banging on the main doors, the shadows beginning to peer in through the windows with bodies that seemed too long to be real. And then the noise went quiet, and the lights turned back on. The outside world was pitch black now, invisible to our prying eyes. Ferdinand gave a panicked bleat as golden light started to creep in through the cracks of the front door, burning sand whirling under the door and into the hall. Ferdinand whirled around, a single command on his lips; "Run!" We sprinted back to the Staff Only door, wrenching the blade out and throwing it wide. Ms. Gottschalk charged out, eyes filled with rage, but the satyr just pushed her to the side, us behind him. The door swung shut behind us, Gottschalk screaming in terror as there was a crash of timber and crumbling stone. Bianca yelped, eyes wide, fear in her eyes. I grabbed her hand, all the excitement gone. My adventure wasn't supposed to start this way. I know I said I wanted danger but I was getting scared, and those shadows in the windows… The staff were exiting their rooms, murmuring worriedly, confused and grumbling as we pushed past. We managed to get to the kitchen this time and were at the back door when the sound from earlier bellowed from behind the wall. This time there was no escaping the fact that it was a