Are Percy and Nico together? No? Then sadly, disclaimer, I don't own Percy Jackson or any of his awesome friends. Pushing Up Daises-Grim Kiss By the time I finally managed to drag myself back to our tiny apartment the sun had long since ditched us to party with the other side of the world. After an exciting day of college life, floundering and begging to keep sob-worthy grades, captaining the swim team fishing a boy out of the guppy tank at work, and helping Grover and Juniper unload few metric tons of fertilizer for the "Crazy Daisy's" sale his weekend I was dead on my feet and ready to flop. Oops, used the d-word again. Guess I'm just lucky I didn't say it out loud, and nowhere near Nico. He always goes back to being sulky and paranoid when I bring up his work, especially so when I'm talking about me. And right now with his death touch still coming in, that was just trouble I really didn't need coming out to play. Perks of dating a Grim Reaper right? Well, Grim Reaper in training. Neek's dad had only magically resurfaced to smack us with that cheery news about two years ago after his powers started kicking in. Of course, we already figured as much after he accidently brought our cat, Small Bob, back to life. The adorably skeletal kitten in question mewled happily as I pried the door open, slinking over to purr and rub against my legs. "Missed you too Bobby." I grinned, scratching the back of his skull "You're gonna break yourself if you purr any louder you know." I'm pretty sure he rattled and shook even more just to spite me before nimbly clawing his way up my arm and into my hoodie. I just laughed, throwing off my backpack and shoes and heading for bed in the pitch black apartment. It was good to be home. Here it was just Nico and me, no stress, no magic, just a couple of normal teens. Well, a normal teen and a grim reaper. And their undead cat. And our hellhound the size of a large Volkswagen. Details though, right? Something didn't feel right as I trudged blindly through the dark room, and for some reason, it took me forever to realize Mrs. O'Leary hadn't leapt out of the shadows and tackled me to the ground with her big, slobbery kisses yet. Nico always thought her nightly hunt for me put Calvin and Hobbes to shame, laughing his butt off when no matter how hard I tried to sneak around, I was inevitably grounded under two tons of shaggy dog. Small Bob stopped purring, kneading my shoulder now with a bony paw, feeling me start to frown. Bobbie was in tune with me, always cuddling up and going out of his way to make me happy. It was something about how Nico accidently grafted his soul to mine when the cat came back (pun intended). But Mrs. O'Leary had bonded with Nico. And if she wasn't here for her usual attempt to break my ribs with love, that meant Nico was in one of his moods. "Neeks?" Our apartment was a tiny thing, really just one long hallway with four boxy rooms making up the kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, and living room. In the dark though, it might as well have been the Labyrinth. I stumbled and slammed into the wall, groaning when the lights still didn't come on. Maybe they'd just burnt themselves out. And maybe Neeks and Mrs. O'Leary had just gone out for a walk, or he'd finally managed to trick her into taking a back. She reeked almost as bad as the back of my dad's seafood joint, but every time we almost caught her she'd turn the tables and toss us into the tub. "You here babe?" Some small part of me hoped I wouldn't get an answer, trying to stay optimistic. But then the kitchen light flickered noiselessly to life and my heart sank. At first glance, I couldn't even see him in there, just a mass of obsidian fur that was our dog. She was hunched up next to the fridge, head down low and unmoving. I took a few cautious steps in, cringing when I stepped on something sharp. It took a few seconds of backpedaling to see the shattered remains of a flower pot all over the floor, dirt clods scattered and clumped all over. "I barely touched it." I jumped at Nico's hoarse whisper, finally spotting him squeezed between the dog's legs, almost invisible. His face was a harsh red and tearstained, dead brown eyes locked onto a pile of dust in the center of the chaos. Boyfriend instincts took over and I tried to get to him only for Mrs. O'Leary to give a cautious growl and gently nudge me away with her snout. I glared at the pooch for a second, the two of us staring each other down before I gave up, kneeling down and trying to get Nico to look at me. "Babe, what happened?" "What do you think happened?" He snapped hollowly, eyes flashing around everywhere but to me. "Planty, the potted plant, and evil overlord supreme over all shrubbery attacked only to be defeated by the mighty Ghost King and his cowardly canine companion, who's being a real pain in the butt right now?" I offered. That got a reaction. The shadows around us jerked to life, twisting crazily as Nico actually looked at me. On the upside that empty, I'm bad news and bad for you, I need to leave you so you'll be safe expression was gone. The downside, well… "This isn't a joke! Gods, can't you grow up for two seconds? All it's gonna take is for me to bump into you, or catch you if you trip. Then you'll wind up like that." He pointed back to the dust. It took me a few seconds to make out the dry and decayed husk that had been a flower. Oh. "Neeks, listen-" But he was too far gone, I don't think he even heard me. He just kept going, voice getting higher and starting to crack. "You gonna be making jokes after that? I won't be able to bring you back! I won't be able to do anything. Your soul will be reaped, and it will be all my fault. Because I slipped up, cuz all it takes is a touch. I didn't even try with that. I was watering it and the breeze bumped it into me. And now it's dead. And you're next! Then you'll be gone and I'll... I'll… you'll be gone." And just as fast as it had flared, all that anger died out and the empty hollows swallowed him up again. I reached towards him, letting out an exasperated growl when Nico flinched away and Mrs. O'Leary slapped a paw down between us. "For the love of- sorry Bob." Bob gave an undignified yowl as I dumped him out of my hoodie and tossed him up at Mrs. O'Leary. Nico gave me a look as I tugged the hood up as fast as I could and squeezed my hands back into the sleeves until there was no skin showing. Before Mrs. O'Leary could get rid of the angry cat in her face and block me off again, I dove between her legs and latched onto my boyfriend, nuzzling into his shirt and hugging him tight. Nico yelped and Mrs. O'Leary gave a startled bark, backtracking and trying to nudge me off. I held on, squeezing tighter as Nico wriggled and tried to squirm away. "Percy let go! Are you crazy?" I gritted my teeth as he tried twisting and shoving out of my arms, the dog biting the back of my hoodie and trying to drag me off. "I'm not the crazy one going wild on their boyfriend with a death touch!" The smaller boy instantly froze up beneath me, even Mrs. O'Leary ceasing her attempts to separate us. Once I was sure Nico wouldn't bolt, I loosened my hold and pulled him into my lap with his head on my chest. He was as stiff as a board, barely even breathing as we lay there on the floor, carefully mashed together. A few minutes flew by before Mrs. O'Leary plopped to the ground beside us, Small Bob curling up on top of the hellhounds head. "I'm not going to die." Neeks jumped a little at my muffled voice "Well, not today at least. And not by you either. Leo, Walt and I already agreed we're going to die by skydiving into a volcano from space after we take down the girl scout conspiracy. So sorry, you're stuck with me till then. Got it?" "But-" "Yeah, you've got a cute one. We're good." "What if I-" "Shut up and hug me because we're going to be awesome? Love it, great idea Nico." Nico sighed, looking at me pleadingly. I ignored it and hugged him tight until he gave in and hugged me back, winding his arms around my neck and pulling me in as close as he dared. We'd been having this fight for two years. Nico would get another crazy power or be forced to babysit his brother's zombies while he was on vacation or some ghost would follow him home and haunt the apartment. Then he'd freak out because I could get hurt and although he'd never admit it, he was afraid he'd scare me away. But that wasn't going to happen. I mean, the two of us had put each other through hell back before we really started dating. After all that, all the adventures and struggles we went through, I wasn't giving up on my Neeks anytime soon, no matter what weird thing happened. "Wanna help me pick up? Mom's coming over tomorrow and we'll get the whole 'bachelor pad? More like a pig sty' speech if she sees it like this." Nico nodded mutely and untangled himself, going to grab the broom. Small Bob and Mrs. O'Leary meandered out of the room, the dog giving me one last, gloomy look then padding away after the cat. I crawled over to the nearest drawers, blindly pulling out plastic wrap and soup before finding a new bulb. "Hey Neeks can you give me a hand?" I held up the light bulb, the room going pitch black for a moment and something cold stealing the bulb away into the darkness. Another second later, the lights were back on and bright as ever. "That one never gets old." I grinned, giving Nico a wink "We should get together with Hazel again, you're cute when you show off." My grin only grew as he rolled his eyes and mumbled something under his breath. He was back to grumpy Nico now, only a bit more and we'd be in the clear. "She's not gonna be happy. Those forget-me-nots were her birthday present from Calypso and Leo." He grumbled, sweeping the leftover pieces into a pile. "Yeah, she'll be forgetting-it-not or a long time. At least no more flower babysitting right?" Nico deadpanned. "Forgetting-it-not? Seriously? That's the best you've got?" All I could think was challenge accepted, smirking wickedly as I said "You're right that one sucked. Thistle be a better one though." "Oh gods, no! No puns, I didn't mean-" Nico did his best to stop me, trying to shout and wave his arms but I was ready to get on a roll. "What kind of corsage do you give a dog?" "Percy, I really don't want to know what-" "Collie-flower!" Nico shook his head, trying to boo me away and block me out. "That was terrible and you know it. Percy why-" "Are you so hot? I don't know, but if you were a flower I know you'd be a dammmmmmmmndelion." I said with a wink. "Oh my gosh, stop" He moaned, flopping against the