Disclaimer, I don't own any of the characters mentioned My First Attempt Goes Up In Flames (And Fur) "So why are we doing this again?" Leo asked, automaton armor clanking. Frank gave a huff, trying to keep up. "Because Percy's trying to get even with Nico for scaring him last year, try and keep up firebug. Now, should I be a drakon or do you think a manticore would be better?" "Manticore, those remind him of his old school." I murmured, glancing around distractedly. Last Halloween, my oh so loving boyfriend had scared me to death, literally. One trip to the underworld, three two headed goats, and a bearded gorgons kidney later, I had managed not to throttle him or beat him with a bag of Wonder Bread, instead swearing vengeance next year. And so now here I was, about to scare the living daylights out of Nico. Neeks was currently still asleep in my cabin, curled up with one of my old shirts. He had looked so adorable and peaceful when I left. Which is why I had dashed out as fast as I could and grabbed Frank and Leo, dragging them along before he woke up. Nothing terrified a demigod like waking up to a monster attack. This was going to be my best Halloween yet. "Alright, here's the plan; I run in screaming how monsters have broken through the barrier, you two go do your ambush thing, he freaks out, and I finally win. Any questions?" Frank and Leo exchanged glances. "What?" "Percy" Frank began "Speaking from the experience of two guys dating a daughter of the death god, we really don't think it's a good idea. I mean they've lived in the Underworld, Hades, you're boyfriend went through Tartarus. I really don't think this the best idea, and besides, he's Nico. I don't even know if it's possible to scare him." Leo and Frank stayed silent, letting the information sink in while I glared over at them. "Don't back out on me now guys, this is gonna be perfect, trust me, okay?" The boys gave me a hesitant nod, before following me to the cabin. Frank shifted, appearance melting into the likeness of a manticore, hair bristling, tail thrashing, fangs bared and dripping. "Seriously Frankie? We're supposed to scare him, not remind him of one of those cuddly little teddy bears you get on Valentine's Day." Frank the manticore frowned, his mouthful of dagger-like teeth contorting strangely. "What do you mean? This totally freaked out those freaks we took down last week at the monster truck rally. If anything will work on Nico, it'll be this. At the very least it's better than that scrap suit you're wearing." "What are you calling scrap? This is a highly advanced automaton suit, dad gave me the designs and everything!" "Have you ever even seen an automaton?" "No, but-" "See, that's why you look ridiculous, it's like a refrigerator and a car had an ugly love child and you're wearing its remains. I'll just have to do all the work as usual, and-" "All the work? You couldn't scare a toddler looking like that, don't you tell me-" "Girls, girls, you're both terrifying!" I interrupted, rounding up on them "Can we please focus for one more second, just until I scare Nico? Okay? Please?" Leo and Frank nodded grudgingly. "Thank you. Let's get this started." I smiled encouragingly, drawing Riptide. "Showtime!" I whispered, and made my way towards the cabin. I was almost to the door when they started bickering again. "… That over glorified toaster is not remotely scary. Probably couldn't even fight." "I could take down a whole army with one hand bolted behind my back, thank you very much! And do you really want to bring up fighting when you're all flabby again. When was the last time you hit the gym?" "It's not flab, I'm big boned! I can pick you and Hazel up with one arm and still lift a good hundred pounds, and considering how much weight you've put on recently, that's really saying something." "Guys!" I tried, sheathing Riptide. "Are you calling me fat!? " Leo demanded. Flames leaked out of the metal suit, a red glow discoloring the armor as smoke started seeping out of the cracks. "And what if I am? What're you going to do about it?" Frank goaded. A torrent of angry Spanish exploded from the automaton armor, and Leo tackled Frank the manticore. "Guys wait, stop!" The two of them rolled around on the ground, the manticore angrily clawing away at the flaming armor, the air thick with smoke and the smell of burning hair. Leo briefly managed to get on top, clumsily pounding away at the manticore, flames bursting away, only for Frank to kick him away with his powerful new hind legs, before pouncing after him, the two quickly rolling down the hill. "Guys!" I called desperately. This was definitely not part of the plan. The door behind me opened up, and I whirled around to see Nico, now wearing my old shirt and tiredly rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. "Oh. Wey Nico!" I said, hurriedly pocketing Riptide and glancing around. Frank and Leo were gone, the only evidence they were even here being the scorched earth and the scratch marks. "Morning Perce" Nico mumbled sleepily "You weren't there when I woke up" He complained, giving me an innocent glare. I'm pretty sure a piece of me died right there. Nico was only like this cute and mellow whenever we were alone, letting down all his walls and letting me in. He was still the same moody, gloomy, brooding death breath most everybody knew, but I knew his secret now. I had seen all of Nico's sides, and that just made me love him more. But now that he was awake, it was going to be a whole lot harder to scare him. I tried to shrug nonchalantly. "Sorry about that Neeks, I was taking care of some stuff for Halloween." Nico nodded, before a playful grin crept onto his lips. "You weren't planning on scaring me, were you Perseus?" "What? No, never!" Nico rolled his eyes and crossed his arms, still smiling. "Uh-huh, sure. Good luck with that seaweed brain. But you can't do it. You wanna know why?" I hesitated before slowly nodding. Nico reached up and wrapped his arms around my neck, leaning on tip toe to bring our faces closer. "You really want to know?" He breathed, nuzzling up against my cheek. I pulled him close, arms ensnaring him, nodding slowly. Nico's nose trailed across my cheek, the contact sending sparks through my skin, his lips coming dangerously close to mine. A sudden glint of mischief flickered in those dark eyes of his. "Because you're you Percy, and you could never be scary. You're the hero." Nico nipped my lower lip playfully, leaning in to kiss me, before suddenly vanishing. I stumbled forward, before regaining my balance and glaring over at my bed where Nico sat, smiling coyly at me. "You are so lucky I love you." I warned. Nico laughed, grabbing me and dragging me down beside him, cuddling up against me. "Yeah, yeah I am." He said with a cocky smirk, leaning up and finally kissing me. This was so not over. A Pointless Not-So-Natural Disaster After breakfast, I decided it was time for plan B. When Nico said he was going back to his cabin to get some work done, I eagerly sent him off, and then went racing to find Jason. I was lucky, with his frequent trips between camps I had been worried I would miss him. But thankfully, he was staying this week to do Halloween with Piper and Leo. I raced to Zeus' cabin and threw open the doors saying "Jason, I need your…" I stared at Jason for a few seconds, before bursting into laughter. Jason frowned, adjusting his glasses and glanced down at himself. "Oh come on Percy, it's for Halloween." Jason was Superman. Or at least he was trying to be. He was wearing the skin tight suit, probably an attempt by Piper to show off her man, the design somewhere between the classic and the new Superman, if Superman had been blonde. If it hadn't been for the fact that he looked more like a goofy Clark Kent in a blue leotard, the effect would have been fantastic "I'm sorry dude, really." I lied, trying to stop smiling. Jason gave me an unconvinced look over the brim his glasses. "What do you want Jackson?" "I need your help. My plan with Frank and Leo fell apart, so it's time for plan B." "You're still on your whole 'get revenge on Nico' thing huh? You do know it's not gonna happen right?" My death glare must have needed work, Jason didn't even quiver as I bored holes through his head. Finally he heaved a sigh, sitting on his bunk and patting the space beside him. I eagerly sat down, smile growing back instantly. "Whatever, it's not my funeral. Speaking of which though, if Nico kills me for helping you, I am so coming back from the dead to throttle you." "Glad to hear you've joined the team!" Jason flashed a mischievous smirk back. "Might as well die laughing. So how are we gonna scare the high and mighty king of ghosts?" "You and I are gonna cook up a little storm." After explaining the finer points of the plan to him, I waited outside the cabin while Jason changed, guilt now starting to gnaw at me. This was a low blow for victory. Nico hated storms. Whenever they came, Nico either raged with them, screaming angrily with every boom of thunder, or sobbed and hid with every flash of lightning. After regaining his childhood memories, especially those of his mother's death, he had started having fits whenever a storm started. During these, he would go to one of the previously mentioned paths, both of which inevitably ended up with him in my bed, the prior usually with a very dominant, aggressive Nico, the latter an adorable, cuddly Nico. The last few times bad been all rage, so we were due for some fear. But did I really want to stoop this low, to potentially hurt the boy I loved so much? "You ready?" Jason asked, now in normal, non-hysterical looking clothing. I let my heart do the talking. "Definitely. Nico will totally freak out!" Wait what? Must be a broken translator in there. Jason and I stealthily made our way over to Nico's cabin. I've learned a lot of fun facts about children of Hades, including a few little things that make it really hard to surprise them; for example the fact that they can tell when someone's hiding in the shadows. It makes it extremely hard to sneak around or sneak up them. We stopped a few yards away, hiding as inconspicuously as we could in the bright sunshine. "Chiron's gonna kill us for this." Jason warned, trying to act serious. In all honesty though, we both knew he was just as excited to be doing this as I was. I wasn't the only one Nico had pranked and horrified last Halloween. "You wanna back out? Last chance." Jason just rolled his eyes, and the wind suddenly started picking up, clouds forming in a previously blue sky. I started focusing as well, and the temperature plummeted, a delicate layer of frost starting to creep out from me. Rain started, slow and weak at first, only to turn into a full on storm, gale force winds blasting hailstones past us. Campers around took cover, screaming about crazy sons of Jupiter and Poseidon. The ground started to shake, and thunder boomed as the clouds darkened. The air filled with the tang of ozone, and lighting snaked across the sky. The dark shutters of the Hades cabin glammed open and close,