Disclaimer, I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians Breakfast Bedlam Percy POV "Leo Valdez, I swear if you don't put that bacon down you'll lose a finger!" Hazel shouted from across the kitchen, waving her knife threateningly. Leo froze, bacon still halfway to his mouth, before glancing over to me. "Pros and cons Perce?" I crossed my arms, pretending to think hard. "Hmm… Pro, you get the bacon." "I like that pro." "Con, you lose a finger." "Not so crazy about that part." "But then you could make yourself a robot finger. Heck, you could chop your whole arm off and have an awesome robot arm!" Leo's eyes lit up, an impish grin starting to form. "I like where this is going! All right, let's brainstorm; should it be like an Ironman arm, or a Cyborg arm? I could totally have an arm like Optimus Prime or Megatron!" Frank snatched the bacon away from his, turning to busily finish dicing up a bowlful of mushrooms behind us before walking up and smacking the back of my head. "Don't give him any stupid ideas, he gets enough of those on his own." "Uh, stupidly amazing!" Leo protested. The kitchen staff broke into suppressed laughter and snorts while the Latino glowered around. "You see this Percy? You and I, two big heroes of Olympus, the heroes who beat the biggest bads around, kicked butt and took names, and this is how they thank us." "They're just jealous because they know they can't compare to our awesomeness." I assured with a smirk. "Or our studliness." Leo shot back playfully, striking a hero pose. Hazel smacked his butt as she walked past, winking mischievously as he yelped, face flushing. "Hazel…" He whined, tone tight with want. Hazel just smiled teasingly and tuned back to me. "We're almost ready, why don't you go pick up the flowers?" "I'm on it. And thanks for the help. But I still think Leo and I had everything handled." I'm pretty sure you could have heard a pin drop, the whole kitchen was so quiet. Even the sound of popping and sizzling food seemed to have gone mute. Kids glanced around, dead panning as they saw the scorch marks, the giant hole in the ceiling, the burst pipe, and the large pile of scrap metal and broke appliances. "Are you sure about that Jackson?" Frank asked with a raised eyebrow. I glanced back and forth, from Frank's skeptical expression, to Hazel's glare, and finally to Leo's enthusiastic nods and thumbs up. "Well…" 1 hour prior…. "Leo it's still on fire!" "Do your water-bending thing I'm kind of busy!" Leo shrieked, dodging as a flock of miniaturized Festus' swooped over his head. I threw a pan over, knocking a few of the metallic terrors out of the air as they came at him, before turning back to face my own problem. The fire had spread from the stove to the counters and walls, and was rapidly making its way outward. A portion of the wall collapsed in on itself, and I leapt to the side, avoiding the fiery debris and trying to stomp it out. My eyes flashed to the new hole in the wall, where brightly colored water pipes sat just waiting for me. I reached out and tugged my hand back, the pipes bursting open at my call and engulfing the flames. I heaved a sigh of relief as clouds of steam burst up, starting to relax before the flames suddenly sprang back to life, roaring happily as they kept devouring everything in their path. Leo why is it not going out? "Leo why is it not going out!?" "Oh yeah, about the fire, I almost forgot! It's kind of a funny story actually Percy." Leo shouted from across the room, taking cover as a blender exploded, its contents splattering across the room. "And the story of how your knick-knacks burned down the kitchen and danced on our graves will be totally hilarious! How do we put it out?" Leo made a mad dash, sliding down next to me and slapping me on the shoulder hollering "Tag in partner, deal with the kiddos!" So this was what I had to look forward to on Valentine's Day from now on. Maybe asking Leo to be my wingman hadn't been the best of ideas. If I didn't die by these miniature horrors that Leo had sworn would be "the cutest, most awesome, and totally badass minions ever", then Nico would kill me for putting myself in unnecessary danger. And then Hazel would bring me back so she and Frank could kill me for letting Leo do something stupid. And then there would be Chiron killing me for blowing up the kitchen. And then all the Aphrodite kids would kill me for ruining their romantic Valentines breakfasts. Probably even more. So basically the whole camp would want me dead, and all before seven in the morning. Man I love being a demigod. The flock did another fly by, dive bombing what was left of our attempt at breakfast. I snatched up a pot while they ripped the food to shreds and slammed it down over them, slumping down over it to weight it down. Something inside slammed against the side, leaving a dragon shaped indent. More slams erupted from the pot, and I struggled to keep it down while the miniatures bucked and smashed around. I looked around, desperately trying to find a more secure cage, and spotted an open dishwasher to my left. I moved fast, tossing the pot inside and slamming the door closed just as the mini Festus' started to emerge. Okay, one problem taken care of, this all might still be salvageable. Leo collapsed on the floor next to me, skin and hair covered in ash and coughing up smoke. We made eye contact for a second, before surveying the carnage. The Festus minis had attacked all the appliances, the pipes were sticking out of the wall, and the entire back half of the kitchen was either blackened and extra crispy, or smoking and cracked. I frowned, turning from the mess to glance back at the special Valentine's breakfast Leo and I had been making. Maybe it wasn't that bad… "I think that went well." Leo panted with a smile. "If you think charcoal's edible, then yeah, it went really well." I muttered, sinking down beside him. "I told you we should have ordered in." "No, I told you that" I shot back, "You're the one who said that it had to be homemade or else it wouldn't be romantic." "Hazel and Nico are ancient dude, they can tell the difference between homemade and ordered food, it'd ruin the atmosphere." "And calling your girlfriend ancient wouldn't?" "Touché Mr. Di Angelo." "Stop fangirling!" You're supposed to be on my side and say Jackson!" The name has started a while back when Jason had let out a snide remark after catching Nico and I in one of his dominant phases. Everything had gone downhill from there, ranging from bad nicknames, to the Aphrodite cabin christening it 'Nicercy' and constantly stalking us in hopes of a repeat show. Clarisse of course had somehow managed to be at the head of everything, staring off calling me 'Mrs. Di Angelo'. I'd only had to try and drown her and Jason a few times before it moved up to Mr. Di Angelo. "Sorry Perce. Nico Jackson just doesn't have that sexy ring to it, and Percy Jackson sounds good to, but when you add Di Angelo, it turns totally sexy." I glared over at him while he gave an impish grin, winking as he said "Don't deny it Perce you like it." "Shut up Valdez." "Somebody's blushing." Leo sang, poking my cheek. I slapped his hand away, the blush darkening. "Just kidding" Leo chuckled "Don't worry, you still have one Pernico fan left. Even if his last name is sexier than yours." "Granted." I muttered, pushing my hair out of my eyes. "You ready to get back to work? I don't want to have to explain this mess to Chiron." "We could always blame Will." "Tempting. Really, really, really tempting." "I thought you'd like that plan." I just laughed and helped Leo up, stretching out and heading towards fridge. "Hey Percy do you smell gas?" I took a whiff as I pulled out a few eggs and bacon strips. "We must have busted a pipe earlier. You wanna look for it while I salvage our breakfast?" Leo nodded, diligently sniffing the air, searching for the source. "By the way, where'd you put the minions? I think I just need to calibrate them a few more times, then they'll stop glitching out on me." "I threw 'em in the dishwasher over there." "Uh Percy, this is Camp Half Blood. We use lava to wash the dishes here, remember?" "Well yeah…" I admitted, scratching the back of my head "But I know I threw them in something." Leo took a loud sniff, glancing down at something out of sight. "Percy, I found where he gas is coming from." "Oh good. Once you fix it you want to take care of the wall, then we can-" "Percy, I want you to stay calm." I stopped, slowly turned around to face him. Leo wasn't allowed to say those five words anymore, not after our last incident with the Santa animatronics. "I found where you threw the minions." Leo said, voice cracking and an anxious smile twitching on his lips. I walked over and followed his gaze down, realizing just how thick the gas was around here. My heart skipped a beat as I realized what I had mistaken as a dishwasher was actually an over. "Not to alarm you or anything, but I'm pretty sure they blew open the gas line in there. And they may or may not be in self-destruct mode." "You gave them a self-destruct mode?" "It seemed like a good idea at the time!" Leo snapped, before flinching as a low whistle started to come out form the over, seconds later more joining in, harmonizing in a brain gratingly low not. "Exactly how self-destructive are we talking here?" We were both slowly backtracking, cringing as the note grew louder and a dull red glow started to appear inside. "Like a pound or two of magical C4 explosives in each of them self-destructive." The note suddenly got deep, and the glow brightened. "Now might be a good time to run like hell!" Smoke started to pour out of the sides of the oven, the smell of gas growing stronger and stronger. "Scratch that, pray for a miracle!" Leo exclaimed, turning on his heel and dashing out the back door. I started after him, only to slow down and turn back, running over to the oven. "Percy! You are running the wrong way!" Leo shouted, sprinting back and trying to drag me away. "There were thirteen of those little buggers in there, that's basically twenty six pounds of C4 about to go off in the middle of camp. Time to go to plan B!" "What's plan B?" "Improvise!" I felt around, reaching out with my powers and making more pipes around the kitchen burst, water gurgling and flowing over to me. It pooled around the stove, ripping it away from the counter and towards me. "You better hope this works, if we die I will personally hunt you down and feed you to Cerberus!" "Hey, if we're going to be pointing fingers, technically this is all your fault!" "What? You're blaming me? How is this my fault?!" "I'm crazy and irresponsible, I'm supposed to have a serious, mature adult figure making sure I don't do all the stupid things that pop into my head!" "Since when have I ever been any of those? And what about-" A loud, angry chirping cut me off, the glow becoming blinding. "I vote we continue this later,