Disclaimer, I don't own Percy Jackson A Recipe For Disaster-Peekaboo "Come on, Torque and Sump aren't going to be long for long!" Percy whispered, charging out of the alley and rushing into the dark entrance of the car factory. "Percy!" I hissed, glancing around at the cyclops still in sight and dashing after him. This was all ridiculous. Then again, so was Percy, which was probably how I got dragged into all this. I still hadn't learned how to say no to those baby seal eyes of his. Not that I was ever really tried that hard to resist them in the first place. My boyfriend motioned for me to catch up, ducking behind some machinery and peering into the darkness of the factory. Leo had been the one to mention Ma Gasket and her piece of the puzzle that Percy needed for his quest, and so we had made our way to her home in Detroit, staking the factory out until we saw all the cyclops and new what we were dealing with. I padded over, feeling at ease in the shadows as I crept over and peered over his shoulder. The center of the factory had been swept clean- well, of machinery at least. Piles of junk littered the ground though, piles of old mattresses and sofas making up oversized furniture for the monsters, and a jury rigged projector and speaker system playing Judge Judy for the sleeping form of Ma Gasket. The cyclops was draped over a pile beanie bags, snoring loudly while her chainmail muumuu rustled under her. She'd spent the last few hours howling at her son, making them pick up and do their chores, before finally collapsing and sending them out to get more salsa. "There it is!" Percy whisper-shouted in my ear, eagerly pointing towards an enormous makeshift fridge bolted to the floor. Ma Gasket snorted in her sleep and I grabbed Percy by the wrist, pulling a finger to my lips and trying to shush him. Percy rolled his eyes and grinned, poking me in my side. I had to stifle a yelp as he hit a bundle of nerves, biting my lip to keep from laughing. He gave me a wink then threw himself over the machinery conveyor belt with a hasty "Race you there!" I deadpanned, melting into the shadows and rematerializing next to the fridge, crossing my arms and waiting as Percy stalked over. He pouted when he saw me and I smirked, sticking out my tongue and putting my hands on my hips. "You cheated!" He accused, pulling us over to the front of the fridge. "There are rules to this game?" I asked coyly, entwining our fingers when our hands met. Percy just grinned at me, leaning in and giving me a quick Eskimo kiss before focusing back on the fridge. He studied it for a few longs seconds, reaching out to give the giant door an experimental tug before frowning. "I didn't think it was going to be so… big." He confessed, biting his lip and looking worried. "They're fully grown cyclops, of course it's going to be big Percy. Now how do we get in, didn't you have a plan already?" I face palmed the second the words left my mouth. This was Percy I was talking about, he never had a plan. Oh well, my hero always came up with something in the end. Even if it blew us up or ended with a lot of internal bleeding. Maybe I should take over here actually. The door was practically locked closed. It took all of Percy and I had to finally pry it open a little. He managed to stick Riptide in the crack and use it as a lever to jimmy open the fridge enough for us to get in. The fridge light popped on as I squeezed my way in, illuminating the different levels of the machine. It was practically two stories tall, with various racks holding cows, sharks, giant tubs of mayonnaise, and hotdogs bigger than I was. I scrunched up my nose at the smell of rotten food, glancing around for the prize. The sooner I got out of here the better. "Do you see it?" Percy poked his head in, then went back out making sure the coast was clear. I waved him off, walking in and starting to search in earnest. Come on where was it? Giant carton of milk, no. A dumpster full of lasagna, definitely no. A cheese wheel the size of my head? Come on, where was it? "I can't find any of them!" I called back as I worked my way up to a higher rack. Percy glanced around, before using Riptide to prop open the door. He ducked under his blade and hopped in, whistling as he got his first good look around. "This place is bigger than my cabin." He muttered, doing a quick run around before working his way up. "Look out, something smells really bad over there!" I warned as he went past the cheese wheel. Percy gave me a thumbs up and retreated, crawling up to meet me halfway. We searched for a good five minutes to no avail, finally giving up. We plopped down on the edge of a rack and let our legs dangle over the edge, frowning around at the small area. "They have to be here, nobody else has them!" Percy went on. Oh Percy. This whole quest had been his idea, a crazy, insane quest with an amazing payoff at the end. He'd been willing to go through six trials on his own before I caught wind of it and made him take me along to make sure he didn't get himself killed. But that was Percy. He'd do anything for the people he cared about, and if this quest did what he hoped it would, he'd go to the ends of the earth to make sure it happened. Which is ironically most of the places he'd been so far. "We'll find them, don't worry." I promised, giving him a playful punch. Percy nodded and gave me a content smile, before his eyes locked onto something behind me and got wide. "Found them!" Percy leapt to his feet and charged over, sliding up to a surprisingly normal sized carton of eggs. I think it was the fact that there were about five hundred that made up for the small size. Percy slid to a stop, snatching one up and peering inside. "Is it them?" I came up behind him, standing on tiptoe to see over his shoulder. I hated being shorter than him, I still feel like a kid, even though if we're talking about maturity I'm leaps and bounds ahead. Then again being short he had to lean down to kiss me, and that had led to a lot of cute moments… "Yep!" Percy said proudly, snapping me out of my thoughts. I hid a quick blush, putting those thoughts away for later and glanced down at the metallic bronze eggs inside. Those were the ones alright. Only three more things left. "How many do we need?" Percy shrugged, opting instead to shove the whole carton into his backpack- a special designed case from Leo that was supposed to keep its contents safe. Or set fire to the sun. He hadn't been sure when he handed it over, saying something about it still being in experimental mode. I really needed to keep an eye on him and my boyfriend. "Let's get out of here." Percy said, hopping down and tugging at his sword. "Percy you might want to wait until we're-" I started, but with a final wrench the sword came out, and the door swung shut, putting us in total darkness and locking us in to boot "Out of the fridge before you do that." "Oh. Right." Percy mumbled, his voice echoing eerily through the void. At least, it was probably a void for him. One of the perks of being a son of Hades was I controlled the shadows, and more than that, nowadays I could see in them if I liked. The lights might as well still be on to me, even if to my boyfriend who was currently stumbling around and running into the milk jug repeatedly it was pitch black. I had to smirk a little, vanishing and rematerializing right beside him. I poked his side and he whirled around looking startled. "Neeks is that you?" I blinked back up to the rack, grinning down at him and calling "Still up here babe. What's up?" "Um… nothing. Just thought I… never mind. You think you can get us out of here?" Oh definitely. But maybe in a minute, this could be fun. "Sure, let me try something!" I shouted down. It wasn't a total lie. I mean, I didn't try to get out, but I did come up behind him, ghosting a finger down the back of his neck. Percy tensed and jumped back. "Nico I know that was you!" He frowned, trying to hide a smile and sound annoyed. I was back up on the rack again, doing my best to give an aggravated sigh. "I'm still up here Seaweed Brain. See?" I tapped the rack beside me to make a point. "Well somebody touched me." I waited a few seconds, stifling a smile and glancing over at one of the dead cows. Should I be mean? Definitely. "Maybe some of this stuff's not really dead." Percy looked up at the sound of my voice, blinking and looking wide eyed. One of the deceased cows on the rack beside him twitched, its tail slapping lazily and a hollow moo escaping its lip. "Holy cow!" Percy yelped, jumping to the side. "If it's come back to life I think it's more like zombie cow Perce." I jeered, letting the cow rest in peace. I bounced back down, reaching out to scare him. My hand was only a hairs breath away when Percy shot around, catching me off guard. I gasped as he grabbed my arm, pulling it around his neck and crashing our lips together, giving me a hungry kiss. I let go, eagerly kissing back, the taste of sea clashing on my tongue as I pulled in closer, wrapping my other arm around his neck and leaning up on tiptoes. Percy grinned into me, pulling away after a few seconds to let me pant for breath. "Got you." He whispered, arms coiling around my waist. "Darn, whatever will I do?" I mocked, grinning back at him. "I've got a few ideas Neeks." He winked. Now that might be fun. But the moment got cut a little short. The fridge door suddenly clicked open and one of the cyclops boys looked in, his one eye blinking when he saw us. "Uh…" He said, not seeming to know what to think. "Every time it's a cyclops" I groaned, letting my head fall against Percy's chest. "Oh come on, Tyson only came in that one time!" Percy protested. The cyclops looked over his shoulder shouting "Ma there are demigods in our fridge! I think they was fooling around!" "Now might be a good time to go." I nodded, leaning back up on tiptoe and starting that kiss again before the shadows spun up around us. And then we were gone. A Recipe For Disaster- Side Effects May Vary "Dude this place is huge!" I just nodded mutely, staring out across the multi-story underground mall. How were we supposed to find anything in this place? Gods this could take days, I didn't even know where to start! Jason and Piper had brought this one up, mentioning how Medea's secret superstore paradise had practically everything you could think of. The place was still 'under construction' after they'd broken out last time, but you honestly wouldn't know. Medea had been busy, the place looked like the home of a couple billionaires. The witch