Disclaimer; I don't own Percy Jackson AU- After WWII, the gods decided to limit their children so they wouldn't be tempted to use them in their schemes unless it was under dire or extreme circumstances. To this end, at their children's birth they would seal their powers, effectively negating their godly heritage. This prevented them from seeing through the Mist or using their abilities, but also erased their scent, protecting them from monsters. Because the gods only awoke the demigods they needed, Camp Half Blood was never created, as the heroes were too scattered to ever unite and be safe. The only way to be awoken was by having anther demigod or a god Awaken their abilities. At age eleven Percy's abilities were unsealed by Luke who used the chaos this provided to steal the Master Bolt. On the run, he encountered Annabeth and Grover, and eventually cleared his name. From that point on it was a fight against Kronos as he rose, with quests for the Fleece, the Ophiotaurus, and the Labyrinth, although occurring much differently than in the novels. As of the Last Olympian, Perseus and several other heroes founded Camp Half Blood, and later dealt with the rising situation in the Heroes of Olympus series. x-X-x "But I'm not tired yet!" Leo whined indignantly, crossing his arms and pouting up at his boyfriend. Jason groaned and flopped back onto the couch beside me while the credit played across the screen. It was movie night here at Camp Half Blood- well more like movie morning by now, but whatever. The whole gang had gathered up at the Big House for some fun; Annabeth and Piper, Leo and Jason, Calypso, and finally Nico and I. Reyna, Frank, and Hazel had tried to make it but they'd been called off on urgent Roman business just before we'd started, and still weren't back. It had actually been a nice change of pace, things felt so uptight nowadays. Thanks to Leo and I had meddled with the polls, we'd spent the last seven hours on a Disney binge. Piper had fallen asleep in Annabeth's lap after 101 Dalmatians, and Nico had nuzzle up and cocooned himself into my side halfway through the Nightmare Before Christmas. He was still asleep now, snoring lightly, his face hidden under his tousled mop of ebony hair. "Leo it's four in the morning." Jason's voice was strained with exhaustion, and he was struggling to rub the sleep out of his eyes "Can we please go to bed?" "Don't be such a party pooper. If it's the movies we can stop with the Disney. How about Transformers?" Annabeth, Jason, and I instantly sat up shouting "No!" "How come?" Leo demanded. "Because the last time we let you watch that you tried to redesign Festus into a Leo-bot and he ended up freaking out and blowing up half the camp." "That was one time! Come on!" He looked back and forth between Jason and Annabeth's stony faces, then to me in desperation "Et tu, Percy?" I shrugged carefully, readjusting my arm around my sleeping boyfriend. "Sorry dude. I don't need my eyebrows burned off again." Leo groaned and collapsed in an angry heap on the floor. "But I'm not tired, I don't wanna go to bed yet!" Jason gave an unimpressed grunt and poked him with his foot. Leo just pouted, refusing to move another inch. "Come on babe, I have to get to work soon. I just want to get some sleep," Jason begged "If I go out there and have to deal with the minor gods squabbling about action figures and golf carts and haunted animatronics on less than two hours of sleep I am literally going to die." "Oh don't be so dramatic, we've pulled all-nighters before and you were happy enough to stay up then." Leo scoffed. Annabeth raised an eyebrow and shot a look to Jason. "Oh really? Would one of those nights have happened to be when Piper and I heard Leo screaming 'Oh yeah, Jason right there, that's the spot, harder, oh yeah, oh it's so big', and then set fire to your cabin?" Jason avoided our gazes and Leo flushed a little, scowling under his dark curls. "None of your beeswax." Leo muttered, leaping up and pouncing on his Roman, straddling Jason's lap and hiding his face. Calypso stifled a giggle from her chair, sitting up and giving a catlike stretch. "I'm with the firebug on this one. All I've got to look forward to when I get back to my cabin is an empty bed. At least here I'm with friends." Dang Calypso and her stupid guilt tripping. Leo smirked in triumph as Calypso gave us all pleading looks. No one could resist Calypso when she really wanted something, especially not with Leo backing her. Eh, I wasn't that tired anyway, and at least I had Neeks already dreaming. "What the heck, I'm in." I grinned, the son of Hephaestus giving a hoot and cheer. Jason elbowed me irritably and Annabeth laid her head down on my knee, both looking drowsy and unhappy. Knowing those two I was in for trouble later if they cornered me; probably should make sure I didn't go down any dark alleys for a few days. "Fine." Jason gave in "But no more movies." "How about video games? I just got a new one!" Leo offered. Annabeth shook her head. Leo frowned a little and glanced back to me. "Um… Dancing?" Another no. Robot fighting, fireworks, tag, human puppets, Russian roulette, hang gliding, arson, and go fish were also shot down. "Well then what do you guys want to do?" Leo asked exasperatedly. "Sleep." They replied in unison. Leo dead panned while Calypso and I chuckled, pinching ourselves to stay up. Leo was still grumbling and muttering to himself when Calypso sat up, a finger spinning through her hair. "I may have an idea." "Anything!" Leo jumped at the opportunity. "Well I know this generation of yours is so fascinated with their electronics and gadgets, but we didn't have any of those things back in my day." "Caly, for your own sake never say back in my day unless you're joking. It makes you sound like some old geezer or that weird bat lady who used to live in the house next to us." "Don't you mean weird cat lady?" Jason asked. Leo shook his head, shivering a little as he muttered something about murciélagos. Calypso meanwhile glared Leo down until she was sure he didn't have anything else to say before going on. As I was saying, back in my day we used to gather around the hearth and tell stories. We would talk about our histories, our ideas, our fantasies. I haven't had a good tale in a very long while, why don't we change that." Jason and Annabeth exchanged glances. "Not a bad idea actually." Jason nodded in agreement and looked back to Caly. "Alright, we're all ears." Calypso was opening her mouth when Leo jumped in. "Wait why does Caly get to tell the story?" "Because it was her idea, now shush." Jason caught Leo as he bounced up and folded the struggling Latino into a ball against his chest. He held him close as Leo wiggled and squirmed halfheartedly, before rolling his eyes and snuggling into his lovers embrace. Calypso looked down shyly, her hair cascading over her face as she meekly said "Actually I was hoping one of you would have a story. I'm sure you all know so many." "I'll go, I've got one!" Leo tried to struggle but Jason kept him pinned tight and put a hand over his mouth. "I've told all my good ones." The blonde shrugged and turned to Annabeth. She just shook her head no. "I'm low on brainpower, maybe some other time." Then all eyes went to me, patiently waiting. "Uh… yeah. I got nothing." Lego gave me an incredulous look. "Dude, you were the one who took on Kronos with a sword and a potato. You fought in the Titan wars, you helped found Camp Half Blood, you've been on more quests than I can count, and you've been all over the world, even down to the Underworld and Tartarus, and you 'got nothing'?" "I don't like to brag, it's not like-" I tried. Annabeth let out a snort. "Oh please. Seaweed brain we couldn't get you to shut up after they declared you the Hero of Olympus." "Please Percy, there has to be something we don't know, something cool, amazing, and hopefully explosive you haven't told us about." Leo begged. "Please!" Caly joined in, literally getting on her hands and knees. I just shook my head, praying the moment would pass. But then Nico let out a drowsy hum as he rolled over. Leo's gaze snapped to my sleeping boyfriend and his eyes got wide and his face split in an excited grin. "I know! Tell us how you met Nico!" Calypso nodded eagerly and even Jason seemed intrigued. "He never did tell me how you two met." He added, getting comfortable as he waited. "There's really not much to tell…" I tried, but Annabeth didn't buy it. Figures though. I'd told her parts of the story after it happened, the pieces she needed to know. It was a part of my history I wasn't proud of, one that sent guilt gnawing at my heartstrings every time I remembered it. "Didn't you two meet in Maine? When you were trying to lead Kronos' forces away from Thalia?" She prodded. "Well yeah, but it's kind of a long story. Didn't you say you had to get to sleep for work later Jace?" The traitor shook his head and buried his face into his little imp's hair, eyes shining mischievously up at me. "Please Percy…" I let out a drawn out groaned and sat up a bit, digging out the memories. "Fine, the story of how I met Nico it is. Let's see, where do I start?" "The beginning usually helps." Annabeth winked. I gave her a withering glare before clearing my throat. "Whatever, let's just get this over with. So once upon a time-" "Once upon a time? What kind of a start is that?" Calypso objected. "Who's telling the story here huh, you or me?" I demanded. "All I'm saying is there are better ways to start a story." Caly sulked, sitting back in her chair. "It is a little cliché Percy." Leo offered "This is the story of how you met the love of your life, there has to be some excitement, some drama, some adventure! Now, lights, camera, action!" Oh this was going to be a long night. Morning. Whatever. You get the picture. I rolled my eyes, the gears in my head starting to turn. Drama and excitement? If only they knew. And they would. They wanted a little pizazz? Here goes nothing. "How's this; my name is Perseus Jackson, and this is the story of how I made a monster." The room fell quiet, eyes going wide with surprise and interest. "I'll take that as my cue to keep going. Now it's been a long time since this happened. Three years, seven months, and nineteen days to be exact." "You remember the exact date?" Leo popped off, glancing up at Jason "This lug can't even remember our anniversary." "Neither can you." The blonde shot back. The girls hushed them, anxiously turning back and motioning me on. I took a few seconds to give a dramatic pause, taking in their varying expressions before going on. "Yeah. I still remember. Funny how things like that stay with you…" I trailed off, the memories blooming back to life in my head. It was as though it had only just happened. "It was the early days of the war. Thalia and I were the only ones let of our strike team against Kronos' forces. Everything had gone all wrong. We