Disclaimer: The Harry Potter series is the property and brainchild of JK Rowling. So . . . I know, I know, Slytherin AUs are so common they're boring, but my muse was really into Slytherin Percy. Many thanks to my beta reader, CreativePunk77, who offered some advice for Gemma's character and thought this was worth exploring as a project. This story makes assumptions regarding ages and blood status of certain characters that may be noncanon. Just humor me, please. He's born the third of seven, just another member of a large and recognizable family. The most interesting thing about him is not his appearance (tall, with red hair and freckles), his glasses (horn-rimmed), or even his personality. It's his name. Percy —not shortened from anything, the sort of name that makes people look at him and wonder if his parents are all there. Even as a child it gives people pause. That doesn't stop Percy from preferring the way people react to his name to seeing him as just another Weasley. If he has it his way, by the time he's grown, people will know him for who he is. It's not hard to figure out how little you fit in when you're surrounded by siblings. His brothers and sister are individuals, yet they've all got a distinctive Weasleyness that Percy can never recreate, no matter how hard he tries. Bill and Charlie may be the oldest, Fred and George may be the pranksters, Ron may be the youngest son, and Ginny may be Mother's beloved daughter, but they've all got the laid-back, easy going charisma of Father. Percy sees the way that they can charm people without trying. He knows that they've all got tempers just like he does and can be very frustrating, but people gravitate toward all the others in a way that they never will for him. But it isn't until he's eleven that he realizes just how alone he truly has been. The letter comes that year. His parents congratulate him and watch as he opens it and reads it aloud, as per Weasley tradition. (Percy is beginning to hate that word. It makes him feel less like a person and more like a statistic.) The shopping trip goes as well as expected, though it bothers him to know that he's buying second hand books and getting hand-me-down robes. Mother and Father mean well, but he wonders if they realize just how this is going to affect Ron when he's at school, who, according to Percy's estimations, is going to end up getting everything passed down to him. On 1 September, they go to King's Cross. The twins demand to go too, and Mother has to physically keep them from forcing themselves onto the train. Percy feels a shiver go up his spine when he remembers that they will be attending in two years anyway. Bill and Charlie help him get his things onto the train, then Charlie runs off with one of his friends from the Quidditch team. Bill at least stays long enough to make sure he has a compartment. Percy sits with a boy who says his name is Oliver Wood. Most of the ride is spent with Wood regaling him with all the Quidditch matches he's seen and how excited he is to finally be attending school. When Percy tells him his name, Wood is intrigued. "I've heard of the Weasleys," he says. "You're supposed to be a big family. Doesn't your dad like Muggles?" "He does," Percy confirms. More like obsessed, he doesn't say. "Do you like Quidditch?" Percy nods. "But only to watch. I'm rubbish on a broom." While Wood is still polite, the way his expression changes tells Percy that he has disappointed the other boy. This wouldn't have happened if you'd been like the others , Percy thinks. But, a part of him wonders, does he want to be like them? Like Father? And then he knows that the answer is no, has been no for a long time. His is one of the last names to be called for the Sorting. When the Hat finally comes down on his head, he can feel his brothers' eyes on him. "Ah, another Weasley," a voice says. "There's a lot of you, aren't there?" Yes , Percy thinks bitterly. "I see, four more. Where to put you? You've got a fine mind." Percy feels proud of this. He loves to learn and reads every book that he can. "Yes, you like learning but not just to learn. You could be in Ravenclaw but there's also plenty of bravery here. Gryffindor." Of course. He's a Weasley. The only members of the family who haven't been from there married into the family, like Father's mother. But he wonders why the Hat is taking such a long time. "You could be a Gryffindor," the Hat repeats. "But unlike the rest of your family, you have quite a bit of ambition. And while there've been ambitious Weasleys before, they tend to see that as less important than bravery. You, though, don't seem to be going along with that tradition." There it is again. Percy doesn't just want to be another Weasley who follows the family tradition. He doesn't even care if his family disowns him—he wants to be seen as his own person, to be great. And only one house is dedicated to that. "Are you sure? All right, then. You'll do best in SLYTHERIN!" The last word is shouted and the hall becomes silent. As Percy takes off the Hat, he begins to have regrets. Bill and Charlie look worried from the Gryffindor table. He turns away from them as he walks to the Slytherin table, which has begun to reluctantly applaud. After dinner, they are led to the dungeons where the Slytherin common room is held. One of the prefects explains about their house. Part of the speech gives him pause—Merlin, the most famous wizard of all, had been in Slytherin. He was a Muggle rights supporter, but he was quite cunning and ambitious as well. It is then that Percy knows what he must do. He will remake Slytherin house, and once he has, it'll help him gain the proper reputation and become the youngest and greatest Minister for Magic there's ever been. The first several weeks of school are full of classes, studying, and finding his way around the whole castle. Hogwarts is beautiful—he can see why so many witches and wizards have admired the place, even if they had the option to study elsewhere. Bill and Charlie check up on him nearly every day. He tells them he is fine, insisting that he's not a baby who needs to be looked after. He supposes Mother is to blame—he'd received a letter from her at breakfast the morning after his Sorting. She insisted that being in Slytherin was fine, that they were not upset with him, and that she and Father hoped he made many friends. (He never says so aloud, but the words made him feel, for the first time, like his family truly loved him for who he was.) Percy doesn't make his first real friend until a month into term. It's not because the Slytherins are awful to him, though a few do mutter about blood traitors. He has simply been so busy studying that he hasn't bothered having more than a casual conversation with any of the other students. This is because he knows he's an outsider. It's not just because he's a Weasley, either. He's from a poor family with two other kids at school. Some say it straight to his face, but he knows that they all think it. (The fact that he has a pet rat doesn't help.) Even the Muggleborns, the few that are in Slytherin, come from middle-class families and so they can't relate. Percy wonders about that—wouldn't it make more sense if Slytherin were full of people who didn't have money and worked hard to get it? Aren't they supposed to be the ambitious ones? Most of the others in his year and in second year seem like they have no ambition at all. What has happened to Slytherin? And then he knows. You-Know-Who. His original followers were from here and since so many Slytherins believe in blood purity even now, the house has lost its roots. (It doesn't matter to him that Salazar Slytherin had only wanted to teach purebloods.) Percy knows he doesn't believe any of that nonsense and won't let his future career prospects be ruined even before he's left school just because of his Hogwarts house. He's in the library one day when he's joined by a girl in his year with dark hair pulled back in a long plait. He knows her—she's a Slytherin in his year, one of the top students, named Gemma Farley. She looks at the notes he's taking. "Are those for school?" "No," he says. "Then what are they for?" The book he's taking notes on is about the history of Merlin. "I'm trying to learn more about him. He was one of us." "I understand. It's just too bad we're not the house of Merlin anymore." "But we could be," Percy says. She bites her lip. "It'd be a lot of hard work. So many Slytherins don't like Muggles." "True. But we want to be great, right? What's a little hard work if we've got all the power?" They share mischievous smiles. "Gemma," she says, offering her hand. "Future Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement." "Percy." He shakes her hand. "Future Minister for Magic." They're inseparable from that day forward. Percy and Gemma map out their plan over the next few months. Working with someone is not a new challenge for him—he does have six siblings, after all. What's new is that for once he has someone who shares his passions and does not see him as dull or strange. If they're going to change Slytherin, they'll need to get the Slytherins to cooperate and they'll also need to earn the respect of the other houses. So they focus on their studies. They soon become the top two students in their year, to the dismay of the Ravenclaws and the joy of their parents. Gemma may be better at Potions and Defense Against the Dark Arts while Percy may beat her at Charms and History of Magic, but together they make a very driven and brilliant duo. This leads into their next plan: befriend the other students in their year, starting with the other Slytherins. While Gemma's better at talking to people, they are both fundamentally socially awkward, bookish people. So their way of getting others to be friends with them involves setting up a study group that is held in the common room. At first, none of the others come. They aren't outcasts, exactly, but even though Gemma's from a family of Slytherins and Percy's earned a decent amount of house points for answering questions in class, neither are they popular enough to inspire the others to join them. But when it's time to study for exams before the Christmas holiday, suddenly their study group is gaining more than its original two members. Professor Snape, their Head of house, asks them about their study group right before the end of term. "What compelled you to do it?" he asks. "We're Slytherins," Percy answers. "We're supposed to be united." Gemma finishes. "And what better way, sir, than to help everyone succeed in their exams?" The Potions Master is a guarded man, who keeps his emotions other than annoyance or frustration close to himself. And yet there's something in his expression that tells Percy that Professor Snape is impressed. He likes this feeling. When he goes home that holiday, the younger ones beg him for stories about Hogwarts. Mother and Father ask how he's feeling, even though he's told them everything in his letters. While he is happy