Hello all! If you are here, I must first insist you read Harry Potter and the Elder Mistake first. Dragon's Revenge is the sequel to that story and you would be a bit lost without reading that first. Second, I want to thank you for clicking on my story! That makes you at least slightly interested and that in and of itself is a compliment. What I have done with the beginnings of this story is try to continue the Harry Potter Universe in a different manner that I have seen already. My hope was to create something that is unique both in the premise of the story, and the way you view the HPU. I may be asking some unasked questions regarding HP and hopefully will help answer those same questions that I believe a lot of readers may have. I encourage you to read through what I have here and please tell me what you think so far. I was a little apprehensive about even starting a sequel. I thought I may have been all out of ideas and I do not want to ride any cliche' bandwagons. Before I ask you to please READ AND REVIEW what I've posted so far, I must thank a couple of people. Med-Anes and Blathazar91 have graciously agreed to beta for me and they have been an incredible help thus far. If have read Elder Mistake, then you know my struggle finding beta's. It seems that I have 2 very reliable ones. So any of you who have a good beta out there, hold onto them. Now as promised, PLEASE READ AND REVIEW and I hope to talk to you all again soon. Thanks again Enjoy RH Chapter 1 - Disruption Flashback May 2, 1999 'You asked me to remind you about an operation?' Harry asked Kingsley who was standing outside of the erected marquee gazing in the distance at the lake where the Giant Squid could be seen toying with the surface. 'Yes, I did' he sighed. 'Why not Lonnie?' Harry asked. 'Does this not have to do with the Auror office?' Harry doubted Kingsley would ask him to do something illicitly "off the books". 'Lonnie asked me to talk to you today because he knew he'd be busy with old mates. Many of his acquaintances lost someone last year. He is very dedicated to comforting their families.' 'Good man' Harry replied. 'Aye' Kingsley said deeply. 'Operation is in the works and technically still classified. We are already building a team in case it becomes necessary.' 'Classified?' Harry said incredulously. 'Not to be a bit arrogant but... classified from me as well? You usually confide in me for things like this.' 'Usually yes, but in this case I'm bound by oath.' 'From who?' 'Fernando Canchola' 'Oh' Harry replied. That name had surfaced in a few cases over the past year with criminals that had tried jumping the pond from the States to escape justice. He is the currently the head of the MDFA and very stern and forceful man whom Harry had only spoken to once. He was trustworthy but incredibly "by the book." As a matter of fact, his stern demeanor would even give Minerva cause for pause. 'Well what is going on that would involve the Auror offices rather than MLE?' 'Narcotics' Kingsley replied as he took a sip of the drink he had in his hand. 'A drug called Dragon Ride is becoming an epidemic over in America. It's killed over ten thousand people both magical and muggle.' 'Ten thousand?!' Harry replied with wide eyes. 'What does it do?' 'Well first off it's illegal because one of its main ingredients is powdered dragon horn, which is Class C non-transferable. Also it's side effects are killing people.' 'And those would be?' 'Numerable' he replied gravely. 'The one that is killing people is that powdered dragon horn causes anaphylaxis in most people - ' 'They are allergic?' Harry asked. '- yes, and it's mixture with runespoor eggs causes some very vivid and convincing hallucinations. Several of which have caused people to either kill others or themselves.' 'That is simply awful' 'There's another. It's fatal to all muggles' he said darkly, clearly upset that someone was doing this. 'And squibs for that matter as well.' 'Why' Harry asked aghast. 'Before it's ingestion, it requires a medical charm that calms the acids in your stomach. Without the charm within 30 minutes of taking the drug, the acids eat through the stomach destroy... everything.' 'Why are people taking this? It is obviously extraordinarily dangerous. What's the draw?' Harry asked unable to believe that someone would actually do this. 'It's apparently an unparalleled sensation. If you survive.' Harry ran his hand through his hair. Someone choosing to take something like that is truly none of Harry's business. But muggles can't get their hands on powdered dragon horn so only someone magical can sell it to them. The fact that those who are producing this do not care in the least how it affects those who buy it is reprehensible. 'So what's the operation you spoke of?' Harry asked instantly determined to do something. 'It's in America. Most intel points to it being produced there.' 'Ok well - ' 'Hold on, Harry. We don't know when or if at all it's going to take place but if it does, you and Paul will be going with the task force we loan to the Magical Defense Force of America.' 'Just say when' Harry replied with a nod. 'Aye, I will. But for now, get back to that lovely redhead of yours' Harry smiled widely and searched for her in the crowd behind them. 'You'd best snatch her up soon before someone else tries to.' Harry looked sideways at him and felt his face go red slightly. Present Day July 7, 1999 'Ginny!' Molly exclaimed from across the sitting room. 'What?' Ginny replied sheepishly albeit knowing exactly what she was upset about 'Young lady, who in Merlin's name taught you to talk in such a way?' 'You're joking' she replied with a smile. 'I play quidditch for a living and I have 6 brothers. I have a nephew and niece, not to mention Charlie, who works with dragons and other testosterone filled dragon keepers like him. Plus Fred and George helped raise me.' 'I do not care ' Molly replied hotly. 'I also don't care if you are of age either' she added quickly seeing Ginny about to say something else. The fact that she had been about to say that exact thing was beside the point. 'I did not raise you in that way. You are first a lady and then... all those other things' 'What's going on?' Arthur said as he walked in from the kitchen. He had just got off work and walked into the sitting room to see Molly ranting and Ginny polishing her 3XT. 'You're daughter is being vulgar' Molly said to her husband while her knitting began knitting itself, a little more vigorously than necessary. Arthur sighed and fell into his recliner Harry and Hermione had gotten him for his birthday. 'What did you say now, Ginny?' 'Nothing that bad' Ginny said trying to avoid her father's disapproval. Ginny and her Mum often butted heads but that was because they were so alike. If there was anyone on this planet that she didn't want to think badly of her, it was her father. Daddy's little girl and all that... 'Not that bad?!' Molly laughed. 'I told her you and I would be staying at Muriel's for the weekend after her procedure and... stop laughing' she shot at Ginny. Ginny wasn't able to contain herself fully while listening to her mother repeat what she had said. 'I told her they would be on their own for the weekend and she said "I doubt Harry and I will leave his bedroom" low enough that she thought I wouldn't hear.' Arthur turned towards her and gave her a disapproving look. She was at least ashamed enough to not smile. 'Ginny, please, if you value our sanity as we age, you mustn't talk like that. Lord knows, you mother and I had our secrets from our parents - ' ' Arthur!' ' - but we were respectful enough to be smart, and keep our secrets between us. This day and age, younglings flaunt their sex lives constantly and it is quite inappropriate.' 'Arthur you are not helping ' 'You may not be a little girl anymore but you are still my little girl and I will take you over my knee if you don't conduct yourself with more propriety' 'I'm sorry, dad.' she said remorsefully. 'You as well, mum. I'm sorry for being so ... ' 'Randy' she said angrily. 'Bloody hell Mum' she said, embarrassed. 'I was going to say frank but -' 'Keep it up and I'll talk sex at the dinner table with Harry there' Molly said as she went back to her knitting. 'You wouldn't' Ginny replied sitting up straight immediately. 'Let's not find out, shall we?' Arthur said and then sipped his first sip of mead and opeing the evening prophet. 'Speaking of Harry' Ginny said glancing at the family clock seeing that his hand still said At Work. 'He is still at the office. Last we talked round about lunch hour, he said Linder had lots of reports for him to handle' Arthur said. 'Again?' She sighed. 'He's been putting a lot of hours in lately' 'He's full time now' Arthur replied while turning the page. 'Plus Linder never lets him cut corners. Lots of red tape for aurors' 'Bollocks' Ginny griped. 'It's near 6 o'clock already and I was hoping we could go to the village to the pub' 'You were there just the other night' Molly admonished. 'Why are you wanting to go back?' 'I love it there. Everyone is so nice and it's the only place out in public we can go without having to sign autographs.' 'You are just mad about the dive over in Yorkshire' a voice said. Ron and Hermione had come round and after a toss in the sheets from the look of Hermione's hair. He smirked at Ginny which made her instantly angry. No one had ever been able to push her buttons like her dear brother. 'I am not!' Ginny shot back. 'Oh come off it' Hermione 'That woman asked Harry to sign her unders.' 'Or maybe it was because she pulled her shirt up before he could even respond that tied your wand in a knot.' Ron said with a chuckle as he bit into a muffin from that morning's breakfast. 'No matter' Ginny said holding her nose high. 'Yea, no matter only because you turned her into a big hairy dog' 'Well she deserved it' Ginny quipped. 'Too right' Molly added. 'Anyway' Ginny said pointedly. 'I want to go back there because no one there acts that way. We are just Harry and Ginny there. That and the Fish and Chips are superb.' 'Whatever, dear. Just as long as you aren't out being foolish. Can't afford bad press while you are still trying to land a starter spot on the Harpies.' 'I know, Mum' she said with a bright smile. She looked at the sticker on her broom that she had bought with her very first galleon she had received from the Harpies. It was a simple permanent sticker she bought at the souvenir shop in Holyhead that said "Future Harpie" that Ginny had altered to say "Current Harpie" Ginny thought back to the day she got her letter from the owner of the Harpies and blushed. They were at the Burrow when she got the letter, a spectacular celebration broke out, Ginny got... mildy sloshed. Not heavily but still sloshed, and when her parents had gone to bed, Ginny dragged him by the hand out the door and into the late night. Hermione and Ron were