A new idea took my fancy. Disclaimer: JKR owns all. I'm just flouncing around amongst it. Desired or Disenchanted? She ran a hand over her plait in an attempt to contain the unruly strands that had begun to come loose during the day. It was a nervous tick almost, playing with her hair. She blinked at her reflection in the bronze framed mirror, noting it's superior sheen compared to those in the girl's bathrooms on the other floors of the castle. If she hadn't spent hours of time scrutinising her appearance over the past few teenage years, picking out features that were inherited and those that weren't ideal, she wouldn't have recognised herself. The only trace of insecurity was in her hazel eyes, which were lined with kohl for the occasion. She pulled out a lipstick from her robes and ran it across her bottom lip, then the top. Pursing them together in a small pout. She cringed, her reflection mimicking the expression. No . She thought to herself, wiping her mouth on the back of her hand roughly. The lipstick is far too much. It occurred to her then that perhaps she was setting herself up for a fall here. What if Jasmine had been wrong? What if he wouldn't be keen for her attention after their recent argument? Even if she went to him willingly? That would truly be the most mortifying thing of all. Rejection. But she'd come this far. She'd even shortened her skirt two inches; enough to show more leg than usual while keeping close enough to her own standards that it was acceptable. She glanced back at herself in the mirror, pulling her mouth to one side, uncertain. If the past week had been anything to go by, he'd probably just ask her to leave politely and go about his business for the evening. That business. She thought bitterly. She was definitely skating the edges of moral ambiguity if she went along with this. After the fuss she had kicked up at him last week, she was possibly now the Queen of Hypocrisy. She tried to smile at her reflection, first one side of her mouth, then the other until a nervous, toothy grin looked back at her. "You can do this, Weasley," she whispered to herself encouragingly. The flash of torch light lit the crest emblazoned on her robes. Before she could even think twice, she was unpinning it and placing it in the small bowl by the sink. That badge certainly didn't deserve to bear witness to what she was about to do. If it did, she'd have a hard time convincing herself that she shouldn't just rip it off her chest for good and return it to the Headmistress forthwith. Instead she gave herself a final once over, straightening the blue and bronze neck tie before removing it and shoving it into the pocket of her robes. She turned on her heal, stalked through the common room she shared with the Head Boy who glanced up from his magazine, "where are you going, Rose? It's almost curfew!" "Out." She replied not looking back as the portrait swung shut behind her, the Head Boy's reply swamped by the blood rushing in her ears as she set off down to the dungeons. Seven Days Earlier… "So I told Patrick that we needn't have bothered training so hard because the Gryffindor team just isn't the same without James," spoke the boy, an air of arrogance about him. Rose hadn't really been paying much attention to his usual ramblings about Quidditch, instead her attention focused on inspecting an unusual blue stain on her robe sleeve. A hand waving in front of her face was just about enough to gain her attention. "Earth to Rose," the boy wore a rather serious expression as he halted in the middle of the corridor and she reluctantly followed suit. She hadn't been in the mood for Quidditch talk tonight. At the sight of a raised eyebrow she immediately regretted not listening for she was now no doubt in for a telling off. She decided to improvise. "I do agree that the absence of James has left the Gryffindor team quite stunted in skill, but they certainly won't let such a defeat happen again," she stated rationally, hoping this would be a sufficient contribution to the conversation. Gratefully, his face relaxed and he strode on down the corridor as if they hadn't stopped at all. "I'd bet a galleon that they'll not be able to recover from it. Your brother certainly didn't look happy." Rose made a noise of agreement, unable to stop herself rolling her eyes; thankfully the boy ahead of her didn't notice. This went on for the duration of their patrol. The Head Boy, Elliot Rhodes talking mostly nonsense about the aptitude of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team. Rose didn't have the strength to argue. In her defence, it had been a rather long day. She would have preferred to have discussed with him their Herbology assignment; The benefits of climate for the growth of mandrakes . Instead she tugged on a lock of hair that was an inch shorter than the rest. Someone had thought it amusing to levitate a pair of secateurs dangerously close to her head during their Herbology class at the end of the day. Her suspicions would suggest it was probably Albus, or his usual accomplice Malfoy. When they made it to the ground floor, Elliot angled himself towards the Hufflepuff dorms, a look of apprehension on his face. "If you wish to speak to Patrick tonight, go ahead." "Rose…" she sensed in his tone he was about to attempt chivalry and insist they must finish patrols together. She removed her wand from her sleeve instead, ignoring his subtle implication that she might not be able to defend herself. "Are you sure, Rosie?" Rose fought not to openly cringe as he put his arm around her shoulders. "I'll be fine Elliot, honestly," she was unable to keep the bite out of her voice. "Should I wait up for you?" he asked, expectantly. The corridor was dimly lit and the flush that coaxed her cheeks went unnoticed, or at least she hoped it did. With wide eyes and lips drawn in a thin line she replied, "perhaps not tonight Elliot." He did nothing to hide his crestfallen expression. Perhaps I should be flattered. "Ok. I'll see you in the morning then," he stated with barely an air of finality. As he shuffled away she let out a sigh, relief relaxing her muscles. Maybe she was being unfair on the boy. At one point in time he'd merely been a handsome Hufflepuff who she barely knew. Barely interacted with at all during her day to day castle life. Thankfully he wasn't pushy. He seemed as content as she was about their casual (if rather infrequent) sexual tousles. Mostly after she'd had a terrible day. Deep down she believed he was too naïve to think any worse of her. She certainly didn't feel any strong want over the boy accept after a particularly trying day and she needed an effective release. She'd never lead him on, she reasoned. No love notes, no bringing him dessert late at night up to the common room if he'd been studying and forgotten about dinner. Nothing that suggested they were more than indulging their teenage hormones in each other. She'd become rather indifferent towards the situation rather rapidly; she just hadn't had the courage to end it. He probably deserved better. All this being said, it seemed like a fairly amicable agreement to her. Although the initiation of said arrangement was perhaps not her finest hour. He'd just been there as a physical outlet when she'd needed one. Not normally a girl to get upset over things; she was normally pragmatic in reasoning. It had, as so many adolescent wizard trysts go, been initiated by the consumption of copious amounts of fire whiskey. This was a situation that had been poorly aided by her friend Jasmine. A girl who could out drink and outwit most of the blokes at parties, and at the end of it all still possess the essential function required to hold back her friend's hair. Ravenclaw had never been beaten so badly. Not that she could remember. To top it off, having a Slytherin for a cousin who enjoys goading family members into placing ridiculous bets, that more often than not do more to ones pride than anything else was enough to throw Rose into Elliot's arms. In Rose's opinion. She hadn't counted on him becoming Head Boy. It had made the first few months rather awkward. Him with expectant eyes and her attempts to be distant to put him off. She had conceded at the beginning of November. Almost like a comforting blanket that she went back to. Perhaps she should feel something for him by now. Succumbed to her expected teenage senses. After all they'd been shacked up together for a few months now. However irregular and unpredictable their encounters under each other's sheets were. Her friend Jasmine had admitted that Rose's scorn might be enough to put men off normally, and that perhaps she should be grateful for the attention she received from Elliot, no matter how unenthused she felt. There was no passion. No sparks. He never made her toes curl. Rose hadn't really been paying attention to where she was going. Whenever left alone to her own thoughts, she often let her feet guide her across the stone floor. She wasn't sure she'd even seen this deep under the castle before. A more skittish type might have felt a little uneasy as the faint sound of whistling drifted down the corridor. Curiosity getting the better of her, she strained her ears to get a feel for the direction it was coming from – having come to a crossroads of passages – taking her immediate right she continued further into the underbelly of the castle. She was definitely getting closer. If the sound hadn't been so tuneful, she would have given up the investigation for fear of being dive bombed by Peeves. The turn of another sharp corner caused her to halt immediately. Struck dumb almost by the sight before her. A torch at the end of the corridor, missing it's familiar ghoulish-green glow was flickering ruby. The whistling now started to sound like an actual song. Something she recognised from Victoire's record collection. Who could it possibly be? Thought Rose, feebly to herself. Hemming, the current potion masters quarters was hundreds of metres of twisting tunnels away. Her curiosity peaked by the question of what exactly someone was doing down here, this deep in the castle. Creeping towards the door beneath the torch, the sounds of a crooning male voice alongside the quiet crackling melody from a record player grabbed Rose's full attention. It wasn't a terrible pitch. She just had a suspicion of whose singing it might be, the song now less comforting and more revealing. With the wood ajar slightly, a shiny pair of brogues could be seen propped up on the desk. The occupier of the room, quite clearly at ease. Perhaps whistling wasn't the best idea, if you didn't want to be found. There was only one individual who's shoes were that shiny in the whole castle. A feature of his appearance that had always irked Rose for an indistinguishable reason. He always looked so well put together. No matter what mischief he'd been up to with her cousin. No matter how many trophies he'd had to kneel down to polish. Those shoes always remained as spotless as hers did, and she'd never once had to kneel down to polish trophies for detention. That was enough reason to make her feel uneasy about being in the same room as Scorpius Malfoy. Or at least that's what she told herself. "I can hear you breathing," his voice floats,