Severus Snape sat in the hard plastic chairs in St. Mungos, his head in his hands. His wife and eldest daughter were both in critical condition, a result of a raid that occurred on their home. The Aurors, in all their idiocy, mistook the Snape home for that of another, and blew open the door and severely injured his wife, Emilia, who was in the kitchen and their 15 year old daughter Brooke, who came down the stairs at the sound of the commotion. When the Aurors realized their mistake, all but one fled the scene. The one that stayed called St. Mungos before leaving himself, resulting in Severus coming home moments before the healers. As the healers had worked to stabilize the two women, and after they had pushed the potions master out of the way, Severus fixed the door and strengthened his wards, making his house more secure than it had been previously. He had sat in the same position for nearly 24 hours, waiting for any news that could lessen his panic. But there wasn't any news, as his wife and eldest daughter were still in the surgical ward, where healers were trying to find the source of his wife's internal bleeding and his daughter's organ failure. The potions master was relieved only by the fact that his other daughter was staying with his mother at the time of the raid and was not in the same condition as her sister. Alexis was 10 and still stayed weekends with his mother and stepfather, unlike Brooke who thought it childish to stay at her grandparents. As though she had apparated there, Severus was nearly tackled by the girl he had just thought of, with his mother, Eileen and stepfather, Gabriel chasing behind her. "Daddy, is Mummy and Brooke going to be alright?" Alexis climbed into his lap and Severus wrapped his arms around her tightly, burying his face in her hair. He and his wife had thought that Alexis calling them Mummy and Daddy was childish and wondered when she was going to switch over to Mum and Dad like Brooke had been for years, but at this moment, Severus didn't care. He was just glad that one member of his family were alright. "Sev, we came as soon as we heard. What happened?" Eileen sat next to him, wrapping her arms around him and Alexis. "An Auror raid gone wrong, that's what. Emilia and Brooke were hexed for no reason other than mistaken identity and the seven Aurors that blew apart my front door fled. I came home about five minutes after they left." Severus raised his head, his eyes bloodshot from lack of sleep. "They could have been killed… they might die and it's their entire fault, mum." Severus placed his face back on Alexis' head, trying not to break down. Alexis twisted in his lap and tucked her head into his neck, clearly scared for her mother and sister. "When are we going to know if they're okay?" She mumbled into her father's neck. "I've been here for hours, love. I don't know when we'll know. As far as I know, they're still in surgery." Severus glanced at the clock on the wall and then out the window. "It's late, try to get some sleep, child." "I don't think I can, Daddy." Alexis raised her face, her eyes puffy and red. Severus chuckled drying before pushing her head back against his shoulder with one hand and he rubbed her back with the other. "Try, Alexis and I'll wake you if we find out anything." Within ten minutes, her breath evened out and she was asleep, her head lolled on her father's shoulder. It was nearly 12 more hours before a healer came to see the family that waited anxiously for any scrap of news. "Mr. Snape?" A young man dressed in green robes addressed Severus. "Yes?" Severus looked up sharply, clearly at his wits end. "Your wife is resting now and is stable for the time being. We found bleeding in her stomach and in her small intestine but we have sealed it, hopefully for good. The next 24 hours should give us a clearer understanding on how she will recover." "What of Brooke?" Gabriel asked, holding his wife's hand tightly. "Her kidneys and liver are still slowly shutting down, but if we can determine the spells that caused the organ failure, we should be able to reverse it. She is still in surgery and we are doing everything we can, Mr. Snape. We understand you have been here a very long time and we understand how frustrating this can be." Severus clutched Alexis tightly, the remaining color draining from his face. His Brooke might still die and there was nothing he could do to save her. In his mind, he ran through every single time she had been injured and every time he could remember, he had been right there with her, holding her hand and promising her everything was going to be okay. He wasn't there now and deep inside, he felt like he had failed her. When was the last time he told her he loved her? When was the last time she had hugged him or kissed his cheek before he left for work in the mornings? When was the last time he had tucked her into bed or taken her temperature when she was sick? He barely heard his mother thank the healer and cast a privacy charm around them before he felt hot moisture drip down his face and plop onto his daughter's head. "Sev, darling, the healer said we can go and see Emilia. When you're ready, we'll go to her room." Eileen held onto her son's hand, trying to give him strength. Alexis stirred and woke and upon seeing her father's tears, panicked. "Daddy, is Mummy okay? Is Brooke okay? You said you would wake me if we had any news!" Severus' breath shuddered and he wiped at his face with his palms. "Yes, love, Mummy is fine for now. We can go see her if you want, but you have to be very calm and quiet. We don't want the bleeding to start again, okay?" Severus had never ended a statement in his life with 'okay' but he pleaded with his youngest then, he pleaded to her in that one word to not be frantic and to jump on the bed like she did when she was younger and wanted to wake her parents for Christmas. "What about Brooke? Is she okay?" Alexis asked, scared for her sister. "The healers are doing what they can. Her kidneys and liver aren't working properly and…" Severus couldn't bring himself to tell her that Brooke's organs were failing. Unless the healers acted fast, the spells that caused the kidneys and liver to stop working would move to her other organs and she would die. "She's dying, isn't she?" Alexis questioned her father and upon getting no answer from him, she moved to her grandmother, who nodded a little. "The healers can fix her, child. They fixed mummy, didn't they?" Gabriel smiled and took her from Severus' lap so the potions master could stand and stretch his long legs. "Why don't you three go to Emilia and say hello? I'll be there in a little bit." With that, he left the hallway, heading toward the lobby. Alexis pulled on her father's hand, pulling him to his feet. "Daddy, let's go!" Eileen stood as well and held her hand out to her son. "Come Sev, let's go see your wife." Emilia Snape was aching. Deep within her bones, her joints, and her muscles, there was an ache that wouldn't go away. Top that off with the constant beeping of the monitors that floated about the room and the IV drip of low level pain reliever that was flowing into her body, she was very uncomfortable. She wished to be back home with her husband and daughters instead of St. Mungos, but there was little she could do to change that. "Mummy!" Alexis came into the room, tugging on Severus' hand. He tried to rein her in, but he was fighting a losing battle. "Alexis Rose, calm down this instant!" Severus' voice cracked through the air, the bite coming from the lack of sleep and worry for his family. He instantly regretted his actions, for his 10 year old started to sniffle a little, falling into his mother's chest. "Severus, come here." Emilia croaked from the bed, raising a tube covered hand to him. Severus took her hand and sat on the edge of the bed, clutching her fingers in his own. "I thought I had lost you, my love." Severus kissed her hand repeatedly, willing himself not to cry again. "I can't wait to get you home again." "Where is Brooke?" Emilia turned her head on the pillow to look at her husband. "She is still being worked on. She'll be alright." "You're not being honest with me, Severus." Emilia frowned, her cut covered face contorting into an angry look. "She's suffering from organ failure and unless they can find out what spell has caused the damage, she is going to die." Severus laid his head next to her shoulder on the bed and fought to breath. Alexis approached her father, touching his back. "Daddy, Brooke is going to be alright. Grandpa said that the healers can fix her and we have to believe that." Severus sat up and gathered her in his arms again, pressing kisses to her forehead. "You're being so brave right now, child." Severus smiled a watery smile. Emilia opened her arms to the girl, who very willing laid down carefully next to her mother. In no time at all, Alexis was back asleep, cuddled into her mother's side. After about an hour passed, and Gabriel came into the room. "Hello," He greeted everyone tiredly. "Alexis is out cold again, I see. Emilia, how are you feeling?" "I'm fine, aside from the complete aching I'm feeling everywhere. But that is to be expected. Why didn't you come in with everyone else?" "Well, I went to the Aurors' office and threatened to sue for what they did unless one of them gave me a list of every spell fired when they attacked you two. " Severus smiled a little and straightened in the chair he was sitting in. "I have half a mind to sue them for what they did. But now, Brooke can be healed once they find out what spell caused all that damage." He looked at his wife who was smoothing Alexis' dark hair off her forehead as she lay reclining on a mountain of pillows. "I passed the list onto Healer Johnson, the one who's in charge of healing her. Now, it's only a matter of time before we know what's going on. She said that if Brooke can be placed in a room, she'll be put in the empty bed right there." Gabriel gestured to the bed to Emilia's left. As he finished speaking to his family, the same healer that spoke to them earlier came into the room. "Brooke is doing much better and we have started to heal her kidneys and liver. The spell didn't manage to damage any of her other organs, but it'll be a few hours before we'll be considering moving her in here, just to be safe. She'll most likely spend her 24 hour examination period in the ICU." He smiled at the family. "With all things considered, Brooke and Emilia are very lucky to be alive right now. If Brooke is stable in a few hours, you can go in and see her for a few minutes." He left after making a note on Emilia's charts. "Oh thank god." Emilia clutched her heart and smiled, looking at her family around her bedside. "You'll tell me how's she's doing before you leave, right?" "Of course, Emilia. I