Title: Lone Wolf not so lonely Summary: Elinor was lucky, she was taken in by the people of Gondor the night she was found with no memory in the ruins of a burned village. Now she must use her talents to help the Ring Bearer, but nothing is ever truly what it seems. Genre: Action/Adventure Rating: M Warning/s: Blood, gore, swearing, implied sexual stuff Disclaimer/s: I own only Elinor and her background story, nothing else Chapter One - Drifter The breeze blew through the gaps in the trees, caressing all it came in contact with like how a mother caresses her distraught child, yet it was chilly, a mask of gentle comfort. It merely hardened her curious heart. The bark on the trees was rough and cruel to unsuspecting hands, the grass would prickle at bare legs, butterflies retreated from the direction she was going, and all life in the forest was retreating from the darkening aura. That dark aura was what drew her deeper in the forests 20 miles of Bree and all other contact from the race of men, and unlike most women she did not fear this powerful aura, more than anything, she was curious, what caused it and what would bring it so close to such a peaceful place? She intended to find out. She pulled the hood of her dark brown cloak over her head, effectively hiding her pretty, round shaped face and dark curly hair, all her tan skin and dark hair could no longer be seen, and the only thing that could identify her was her emerald green eyes that seemed to shine within her hood. She would be pretty if her hair was not a tangled mess and pulled back into a simple ponytail and if she had washed again today she would be pretty, alas, she could not afford to stop in another Inn if she wished to indulge her curiosity. Her worn down, brown leather boots pressed down onto the dry leaves, enticing a light crackle at every foot step. Dawn was disappearing far too quickly for it to be considered natural, she was well aware of that – whatever was here was dangerous but she did not hesitate in her path, she continued. My curiosity will be my downfall, one day. She thought to herself, a wry smile spread across her lips. Her slender, tanned and callused hands twitched as the rest of her body tensed at the sounds of those wails, wails so high and cruel and sadistic, it was terrifying yet exciting at the same time. It was as she ran that she found them, the four, small young men – Hobbits, she corrected herself – and they were running, clearly frightened. The cause of her curiosity had caused her fear, and, on a whim, she followed as she kept to the trees. The four ran towards the lake, and she understood why, she had spotted them herself, they were hooded in black capes and rode on bloodied black horses that seemed to be driven to the point they would soon collapse. The smell was atrocious, and she had to use all her self control not to gag. Three of the four had managed to jump onto the small raft, made of several worn wooden planks held together with thin rope, which began to make port, and the last one was struggling to make it to the raft before one of the Riders could take him down. He would not make it. She ran faster and out of the dark cover of the shadowed trees. " Nar (fire)!" She yelled, and a burst of silvery white fire left her right hand which she threw out to the dark Rider, and the ball of silvery flame hit the Rider on the side and knocked it off it's horse. The fallen Rider screamed and writhed as the silvery white flame spread over it's body, unyielding even as it ran and rolled in attempt to extinguish it. It was the fire of white magic and it would not stop burning until the creator wished it to stop. The wielder turned to the raft, which the last Hobbit just jumped onto, they watched her in fearful awe except for one, the one with dark hair and large, sky blue eyes. Those eyes pierced into her emerald ones and her body shivered with uneasiness; he held something dark, part of the magic inside her called to it. "Meet us at the Prancing Pony!" The dark haired one yelled to her, his request must not have been planned, she figured, from the surprised faces of his comrades. She paused and pulled back her hood so he could see her face, she called out to him; "Look for Drifter!" Then, after covering her face once again, she turned and fled. The dark haired, small, young man stared out towards the spot the young woman had once been; her emerald eyes haunted his mind. "How far is it from here to Bree?" The plumpest of the four, Samwise Gamgee, asked one of his other fair haired companions. "Twenty miles from here," Pipin answered in return to Sam's question, and the rest of the journey fell silent. She had followed them; he remembered spotting her emerald eyes in the dark as they had ran from the Riders. The Ring felt heavy and too warm on his chest. Drifter had managed to sneak into Bree by mingling with a gaggle of young women, most likely farmer's wives, and she went to the rather cosy looking Inn, the 'Prancing Pony'. Inside it was smoky and Drfiter coughed a little before adjusting to the dim and smoky environment, her pack felt heavier as she glanced at all the men drinking merrily. "How can I help you, young sir?" Drifter turned her attention to the man behind the counter, he had a friendly face, and she approached him. "How can I help ye?" "A glass of your red wine would be lovely sir," the man's eyes widened. "Begging your pardon Miss," she ducked her head in acknowledgement of his apology as he got her the red wine she ordered, and he even gave her the whole bottle as an apology at the price of a single glass of wine. The emerald eyed woman decided to hold her tongue and accept the gift; there was no use looking a gift horse in the mouth. She sat at one of the tables in the back and, deciding to throw caution into the wind, she drew back her hood. Her cheeks and forehead had a few smudges of dirt; her knotted hair was pulled back into a simple, loose, low tail. She poured the wine in her glass and took a sip, her eyes fluttered closed at the bitter and rich taste – the bitterness would help to keep her senses sharp in such a homey place. "Wine is an acquired taste," she turned to the person who dared to interrupt her peace, and she scowled, she should have been more careful. The man who interrupted her wore the clothes that she knew only belonged to one man – that and the sound of his voice and his... unique smell helped her identify him – Strider, a Ranger. They had learned of each other, he distrusted her because of her use of dark magic, and she disliked him because he smelt terrible. Drifter's lips curled into an unpleasant frown, her golden hoop earrings caught his attention as she shifted her position. "Strider, what a... pleasant surprise." "Drifter," he acknowledged her presence with a nod. "You seem to still be stealing from others I see," said young woman merely rolled her eyes; she was well known for her habit of stealing from noble women and her obsession with treasure. Her friends had told her in the past that she would have made a fine pirate. "That woman had enough money to buy an entire trunk of these, one missing set won't harm her," she turned her nose up at him and took another sip of her drink. Strider merely shook his head and chose not to respond, and all conversation died between the two, which Drifter was fine with. She blew at the single lock of her curly hair that fell into her eye and finished the last of her bottle of wine – Strider was not interested in causing any trouble (for her specifically) so she would follow common curtsey and do the same for him. It wasn't much longer, an hour or so at the most, when the little ones arrived. She left her (rather comfortable) seat in favour of greeting the Hobbits, Frodo spotted her as she stood and called for her, she gave the Hobbits a wry smile as she walked over and greeted them. "Hello there Little Ones," she greeted them and ushered them to a table with enough room for the five. "What brings you so far from the Shire?" She asked; her face and eyes filled with genuine curiosity. "We're here to find Gandalf, Gandalf the Grey," the dark haired Hobbit, Frodo Baggins, Drifter learned, elaborated for her at her blank look. "Ah, yes, Gandalf, I haven't seen him for years," Drifter recalled and her emerald eyes softened with affection for the elderly wizard. "The last time I saw him, I almost got away with stealing his hat." At this Merry, one of the three fair haired Hobbits, and one of the two with brown eyes, laughed at that little piece of information, and Pipin, his equally fair haired but blue eyed cousin grinned. Frodo looked sullen at the news, and Drifter frowned slightly before she clasped his shoulder gently; "I don't know why he would ask you to come here, but he will come, I'm sure of it." She patted him on the head gently before standing. "Now, I must have a bath, I'm in need of proper cleaning." And with that, she departed. It hadn't been hard for her to sneak into one of the many bathrooms of the Inn, and she scrubbed her dirty body and hair as best as she could, she also decided to "borrow" some of the soap since she had ran out of her own, and then she retrieved a comb from her bag and brushed her hair. Once that rather laborious task was done she washed her dirtied under garments, it was just as she finished the last one she heard the scuffle out in the hall and the shouts of the Hobbits. She stuffed her undergarments, soap and comb into her pack before shouldering it and she ran out of the bathroom and slammed into Strider who had his sword pointed at the Hobbits, she pinned his arms down and straddled his chest as she glared down at the tall man who looked shocked at her actions. He was used to the snarky, compulsive stealing, honest and calm and collected Drifter, not this harsh and angered Drifter and at that moment he missed the old Drifter he bickered with. "If you have disrupted a single hair on their hands, I'll show you the true meaning of the word 'witch', do you understand, stinky?" Had the situation not been so serious, the Hobbits would have died from laughter. "I mean the Hobbits no harm, Drifter," Strider reassured the enraged woman. "But they need to leave; the Dark Riders will come for them." Drifter regarded him with stony eyes before she got off of him, not bothering to help him up like a well mannered woman should. "Fine, but I will go with you, I won't subject them to the torture of dealing with your smell alone." Strider scowled and stood, his sharp and rugged features coated in a thin layer of grime and dirt, part of him wondered what Drifter's reaction would be if he met her after he had freshly bathed. Shaking his head of such thoughts, he