Victory Tour Mal "…thank you, District Eleven, thank you for your tributes. I know you are a proud people and your tributes represented that pride in the arena; their spirit was truly the spirit of the Games and of a united Panem. I know you all join me in thanking the Capitol for its generosity and for the stability and safety we have sorely missed. May the odds be ever in your favour." The District Four victor, Delta Alongshore, holds her speech cards in one hand and waves with her other; her smile is wide as she turns to leave the stage and return home to live in comfort. I stretch my back and shuffle my feet; the mass peacekeeping force that invaded the town square begin to disperse. "Mal!" I turn to see my sister, Cass; she was stood with my parents but now runs towards me. I'm struck for a moment how she always seems to be running, as if she might miss something if she walks or strolls. "Pop said you need to walk me home, he's taking momma to the apothecary." Between Cass' breathy voice and small stature you would never guess she was turning twelve in only a few weeks. "Is everything okay?" I ask. Cass shrugs and replies "Pains again, thinks it might be time." I let out a sigh and beckon for Cass to walk beside me; our mother is due to give birth any day now and I can't say I'm looking forward to the noise of another hungry mouth to feed. We don't do too badly at the moment; my father is a groom in the horse stables and, between his wage and the additional work we all do during harvest, we can just about support ourselves. My mother was employed as a tiller but she hasn't worked for a couple of months, since her swollen belly prevents her from reaching the machinery controls. Money has been tight, too tight, but we've managed to keep away from tesserae. Even so, I can't deny it's tempting, each day I see at least two or three kids huffing under the weight of a cardboard box filled with grain, oil and preserved meat; and each day I wonder if I should go and sign up. I've only got three reapings left…but my parents would never forgive me if I did it. They insist we'll make it work and I want to believe them. The Reaping Cass I wake early after a fitful night's sleep; the panic of my first reaping day is almost overwhelming and I have to choke down the glob of bile that burns the back of my throat. I notice the shadows pooling in Mal's bed and wonder where he is; dressing quickly in my linen trousers and shirt, I slip out of the bedroom and into the living space. Gentle snores come from my parent's bedroom and I hear the tiny moans of my new baby sister, Flo, as she stirs from her sleep. I decide to let myself in and pick her up, loving the weight of her in my arms and the tiny gurgles of her affection. "Hey." A voice whispers quietly behind me; I turn to see Mal kicking his boots off at the door, he holds a small pail of eggs from our chicken coop. "I was up so I thought I'd see to the chickens, there's tea in the pot if you want some?" I nod and he pours me a cup, taking Flo so I can drink it. Soon enough our parents appear and we sit in a strange silence at the table, broken only by the eggs boiling on the stove and the happy murmurs of the baby. Mal At 10am we leave the house and join the long, winding queue to sign in at the reaping. Cass stays near to me and we experience boredom, fear and frustration in waves as we wind through the side-streets of the town square. Eventually we reach the sign in desk, where a canopy has been erected to protect the pale skin of the Capitol attendants from the sun; I give my blood sample and wait for Cass to give hers. Next we are separated, and I move to stand with the other fifteen year old boys, I keep my head still and try to create an image of nonchalance, whilst searching the crowd for my parents. A man takes the stage, our Capitol liaison Henry Massallo; he wears a shiny, silver unitard and the top of his shaven head is dyed purple. "Welcome to the third annual Hunger Games!" His strange clipped accent has a slight lisp, "I am so happy to see you all again. If you will turn your attention to the screens…we have an announcement from President Snow." The screen plays the same film as last year; President Snow stands strong and reminds us that our rebellion brought the Games to us and that we must prove our trustworthiness to the Capitol that never failed us. Cass I've seen the film before, of course, but now I feel like President Snow is talking directly to me. His beady eyes look down the camera and tell me that my family failed me when they rebelled, and the death of their children is a just penance for their betrayal. The film ends and Henry Massallo claps sycophantically on the stage "well…wasn't that wonderful?! Now, on with the business of the day..." he crosses to a glass bowl of name slips "our female tribute for District Eleven will be…Cassava Reed!" No-one has addressed me by my full name in years and I don't respond straight away. The children around me move away and a path to the stage becomes clear. My face is huge on the television screens and I can't seem to moisten my suddenly dry mouth. I ball my fists, digging my fingernails into my hands, forcing myself to make the short walk up to the stage. Henry envelops me in a cloud of lavender scent and a strange side-hug, he shuffles me into position and I stare out at the gawping crowd. Mal I'm still focussed on Cass' little face, wrinkled with the effort of not crying, when I hear the scream. My mother is on her knees and my father is being held back by a peacekeeper; he struggles as two of them force him to the ground and stick him with an electric baton. Only then do I realise my name has been called; peacekeepers make their way towards me, but I won't let my parents see me escorted to the stage. I start walking, jamming my hands into my pockets so no-one can see them shake; I can't let my competitors see me tremble. "Well! It seems we have a family affair this year!" Henry greets me and tries to take my arm, he must feel my tension because he lets go and steps to my right. Cass sidles beside me and Henry tells us to shake hands; her lips are clamped together tightly and her eyes are wide and unblinking, either with terror or a stubborn refusal to cry. In our final moments on stage I see my father clutching his stomach in pain and struggling to stand, my mother has Flo swaddled on her back and a neighbour is trying to hold her hand and comfort her. It's strange to think that they could have at least one dead child in a few days. Cass My mother sits with me; she strokes my hair and holds my hand, shushing away my tears. "I'm going to die…I'm going to die…" I whisper this phrase over and over into my mother's soft, dark hair and stroke the sleeping head of my baby sister. When the peacekeeper calls for my mother I grasp her hand and refuse to let go; they can't do this, they can't take her from me. "No! Please no! I'm going to die, please don't leave me!" he rips my mother's hand from mine, Flo wakes and cries, the noise mixes in with my mother's sobs and my own wails of panic. The cacophony is deafening and the peacekeeper bundles my mother out of the door as I fall to my knees and weep into the faded plush of the carpet. My father enters next and picks me up from the floor. "Come on now, come on…" he half carries me to the chair and sits me down; his strong, rough hands cover my own and his voice is measured, steady and comforting. "Listen Cass, you run away and hide. Trust Mal, stay with him if you can, but don't trust anyone else. Ok?" He asks and, when I don't answer, he shakes my shoulders "Cass! Don't count yourself out, you hear? Don't give up." Then he takes me into his arms and tells me he loves me, holding me tight until my breathing steadies and the peacekeeper comes to take him away. Mal I stare out of the window, my mother's tears still wet on my shoulder and my father's words still ringing in my ears. "Watch out for your sister," he told me. "Don't let her suffer." I'd like to believe that he meant I should keep her sheltered, fed and safe; but, I saw the look in his eye when he pulled me to him for a final hug, he knew that a timid, twelve year old girl isn't likely to make it through the Games. Did he mean I should put her out of her misery? Perhaps slit her throat myself and spare her the suffering of the arena? Maybe it's not a bad idea…slit hers then slit my own so neither of us have to starve. When the time comes to leave the room I see Cass stood, hovering on the tips of her toes outside my door, waiting for me to join her so we can board the train together. I know I have to ally with my sister, her wide eyes stare at me like a protector and I cannot let her down. The train is beautiful and frightening. I see myself reflected in every polished surface; the effect is as if a sullen, ghost is following me, judging my every move. We are shown to our bedrooms and the shower leaves me feeling clean but smelling of some unnaturally strong flowers. I see Cass has changed into a yellow, cotton dress and her eyes light up when we are served thick pumpkin soup, pork steaks drizzled with gravy and then a mixture of fruits swimming in cream and sugar. "Well, at least it's nice to have a friend. Isn't it?" Henry asks us, a vain attempt at sparking some light dinner conversation. "I saw a baby as well, is it a brother or sister?" "Sister" Cass replies "Her name is Flo." Henry smiles; the conversation could've comfortably ended here but these Captiol citizens don't seem to be raised with normal social graces "Must be a comfort for your mother, at least there's another child eh?" Cass' fork drops to her plate and she runs to her bedroom, leaving her food unfinished. I don't even bother chastising Henry; I just chase after her and knock on her door. "Cass let me in please." The door opens softly and I enter, expecting to find her sobbing but, instead, she is using a pair of silver handled scissors to cut the curtains to ribbons. "I hate them all Mal," she tells me "they say they're here to be our liaisons, our helpers, our guides through the Games, but these Capitol people don't care about us." It's true. I saw Henry on screen last year, just after his male tribute had been torn apart by a pack of animals. Henry was animated, cheerful and a little disapproving of the tribute, as if the boy's death had been selfish because now the victory