District 1 Shimmer awoke feeling confident, the way she always felt, her toned body slid from between her silken bed sheets and her perfectly manicured fingers reached assuredly for the fresh orange juice she knew the maid would have left on her nightstand. Today is reaping day. She told herself. That is a fact and nothing will change it, you should feel confident, you only have 5 entries and you know that the odds are entirely in your favour. She repeated this mantra 50 times until she felt a reassuring glow of arrogance at being the mayor's daughter, the one who would never need the tesserae and who would reach 18 next year having grown even more beautiful, the world was truly hers. "Today will be a wonderful day" Shimmer spoke the words out loud as if to ensure the universe knew it's job for the day ahead. "Darling!" Her father's voice called through the door "Are you awake?" "Coming! Don't worry, I'm never late for the show!" Shimmer called back to him in a bright, happy voice. The reapings were staggered throughout the day and district 1 would be the first at 9am, she would be sat on the stage with her parents so there was no way she could look anything less than perfect- as if she would ever go out in public looking any other way! Huf. Huf. Huf. Huf. Andesine panted, he was on lap 40 of the running track which ran around the outside of the school building. Huf. Huf. Huf. He let out a long slow breath as he reached the school door for the final time. Andesine looked up and saw his best friend Fabien; he smiled "What's up man? You done too?" Fabien flicked his messy blonde hair out of his eyes "Yup, so come on is today the day?" Andesine took a deep breath, he hadn't told anyone he would be volunteering this year but it was unsurprising that everyone had guessed, at 17 he was as tough as any of the 18 year olds he trained with and, whereas Fabien favoured a lean physique, Andesine had bulked himself up through weight training and a high protein diet. Well, no time like the present to make the announcement. He nodded "Yup, I'm ready. Better to do it now when I know I'm at the peak of my game than wait another year, risk an injury and maybe not get my shot at all." Fabien nodded; he was 16 and would probably wait until 18 like most people before he volunteered. "You're gonna be awesome man, I gotta get breakfast but I'll see you out there okay?" "Okay. See you" Andesine headed to the gym shower room and grabbed his wash bag. He caught his reflection in the mirror. He tried to view himself as the other tributes would view him. Almost six feet tall, broad shoulders and muscle definition everywhere- he looked menacing. Good. He thought. District Two Pain shot through Dacia's ribs as a shrill voice told her to get up. She stretched out as much as she could in her bunk and knocked out a tune on the bunk above. "I'm up, I'm up" was the response from the next occupant who then knocked on the bunk above her to wake another sound sleeper. I'd kill for the top bunk. Thought Dacia. I could wake up to a knock instead of a kick. She stood and stretched a little when she heard crying. A new girl had been brought into the foster home last night and she wasn't taking it too well. The beds didn't help, they were triple bunks with no rails so the person on top had to be a still sleeper or they would get a painful awakening on the brushed stone floor. Once a girl fell out of bed in the night and broke her jaw. Maybe it was best to be bottom bunk; she barely noticed pain anymore anyway. After chores and a mushy, grain breakfast, Dacia showered and dressed in the girls uniform of a grey woven dress, grey woollen knee socks and black shoes. As she dressed she saw that the bruise on the back of her thighs was finally fading to yellow, Dacia had been on potato peeling duty and had made the mistake of sitting down when she thought no one was looking. Mistress Elaine had given her 10 strikes with her cane but Dacia had borne it without crying, weakness would only earn you more strikes and make the ones you already had seem worse. For a moment Dacia thought about reaping days before she had arrived at the home. Her parents would hug her close and tell her not to be afraid. That was before the accident at the Nut, her father had died in the rock fall and her mother had succumbed to flu the following year so now, at 14, Dacia lived her pale existence with the other lost girls in the foster home. "Ah well" she whispered "maybe I'll be reaped and it will all be over" In a way she found the thought comforting. Flint was up at 5 as usual. He headed to the gym with his brothers and, as the eldest, set the routine for the morning before they had to be back to get ready for the reaping. At 18 he was shorter than all of his 4 younger brothers but what he lacked in height he made up for in determination and ferocity. He began his stomach crunches, calling out for the others to keep up with him. "1...2...3...4...5...6...come on keep up, you wanna win the games or die there? 7…8…9…" Flint looked over and saw Brute flop back onto the ground. "Keep going!" He shouted to the others. "Brute, what's goin on?" Flint surveyed his brother and took in the sweaty forehead, flushed cheeks and swollen glands. "I don't feel well Flint, can I go home?" Brute's voice was still high, despite his height he was only 12. Flint nodded to himself and crossed the gym to the rack of weighted backpacks they used for endurance training; he hefted a lighter one off the bottom shelf and carried it over to his brother easily with one hand. Brute gave out a cry when Flint dropped the pack onto his stomach. "You keep going and every time you fall behind I get a heavier pack" Flint repositioned himself on the floor. "You get tough Brute or you die. Now come on! 10…11…12…13…14..." Flint knew he was tough. He wasn't going to die. District 3 Relay pressed snooze on her alarm clock, she didn't need to rush today, the reaping wasn't until 11 and the family repair shop wouldn't open until afterwards so there was plenty of time to get up. She looked over at her sister Di who had clearly gotten up early and was now knelt silently, praying on the floor of their little bedroom. Relay reached for her pillow and hit Di on the back of the head. "What are you doing?!" Di cried "I'm praying for you too you know?!" "Well thank you very much but I think I'll take my confidence from nice, logical statistics instead." Relay smirked, though they were twins they couldn't be more different in appearance or temperament. Relay was dark haired, top of her classes at school and had an impulsive, creative personality. Di was fairer and struggled to read at times, she said the letters moved all over the place and she preferred to spend her time helping at the local nursery school where she would surely take a job when they turned 18 in 3 years. Relay's stomach flipped at the thought of the reaping today but she calmed herself when she remembered that they only had 4 entries each. The repair shop did good business thanks to the contract with the peacekeepers for their vehicle and weaponry maintenance, they were woefully underpaid by the capitol of course, but it was enough to prevent them taking the tesserae and to keep them all fed. Relay dressed in her usual paint splattered pants and shirt. She never intended to get her clothes dirty but it seemed that living above the shop meant all her clothes became work clothes eventually! She slid a pair of dragonfly slides into her hastily combed hair and was ready. Buzz didn't have to wake up to his mother's tentative knock at his bedroom door as he had been awake all night, they all had. "Sweetheart I've put some clothes out for you" His mother called, her voice caught slightly, she must still be crying a little. "Thank you!" He called back trying to sound normal. Buzz saw she had laid out the formal pants and shirt he had worn to his cousin's wedding a month ago. He dressed carefully and took some deep breaths to try to alleviate the anxiety pangs which racked his stomach. When he opened the bedroom door he saw his father's forced smile "Well, don't you look smart?" His father tried to say brightly. Buzz began to cry again, his mother knelt to hug him and his father embraced them both. They all stayed that way for a long time. His father broke away first "Right, come on lets head to the square, we can't be late." He put a hand on his wife's shoulder and she broke away from Buzz but kept hold of his little hand. "Don't worry mum" Buzz said as chipper as he could manage "We'll be okay." His mother nodded and dried her eyes. His father added "I'm sure these will get easier as you get older, we've good odds, let's just get this first one out of the way" District 4 Capelin's lean body cut through the water easily, she had tried to head home to get ready for the reaping 3 times but each time she tried to swim back to the beach panic had taken hold and it was too easy to just stay in the water where life was so uncomplicated. Well maybe not so uncomplicated…the peacekeepers in East Water tower were watching her, guns ready, as if she may decide to swim off into the distance. Capelin often wondered what was out there; maybe there was some distant land which had never heard of Panem and reapings. Maybe she could take one of the fishing boats and sail away. She shook her head; there was no way that would ever happen. The deep sea fishing boats seemed to have more peacekeepers than fishermen on them and the little dinghies would never make it out to sea unnoticed. "Hey!" A voice surprised her all of a sudden. Capelin had reached for a nearby rock and instead had grabbed onto a boy with hair bleached almost blonde and tanned skin. "I'm sorry" she said as she bobbed around in the water, wow he is cute! "It's ok I guess, just watch what you're doing, you shouldn't be in the water if you're not concentrating." The boy said with a concerned look. A rush of rage filled the space where anxiety had once lurked. "I do just fine in the water thanks" Capelin spat at him "Maybe you shouldn't be swimming so close to other people, there's a whole ocean out there, use it." The boy just smirked. "I'm Bala, you heading off to the re…" A huge wave cut off Bala's question as he was pushed under the water for a moment. Capelin had seen the wave and dived through it. She laughed as Bala surfaced "You know you shouldn't be in the water if you're not concentrating. I'm Capelin" They smiled at each other for a moment before the sound of a siren signalled that it was one hour until reaping time. Time to go. Capeling and Bala swam to shore together. "How many entries do you have?" Capelin asked as she squeezed