Drowning on Fire Chapter one: New Faces Disclaimer: I don't any Twilight, just the plot. Stephanie owns all of the characters. And I do not profit from making stories. Italics are her thoughts, regular print are just actions and conversations. Please go easy on me; this is my first fanfic that I've actually had the guts to publish online. Reviews will be welcomed! Please no ghost readers. I'll update weekly or every few days, and you'll get at least 3 or 4 chapters from this one post. Anyway, sorry for the hella long authors' note, enjoy the story! Bella's POV He is here. I'm gone in my mind again. Words are being spoken, yet they're falling on deaf ears. I'm numb again. What's happening to me? This boys' presence is affecting me? He's a monster with this weird look that he's giving me? Even my mind is telling me to run away from him, but I feel like I can't. Ugh, why am I so weak? I am pulling at my hair to ease the pain of the headache I had just acquired thanks to this new kid again. This stare down shit is getting annoying. We've been at this for weeks, well one and a half weeks if we're being honest. "Maybe you should talk to him", Angela said, pushing her glasses up again. I stared at her in shock for a moment before gathering my courage and nodding. She took my bag from me and held it to her as she watched me walk over to monsters' table. He was reading now. I hadn't even realized he'd been reading today. For some reason the walk to his table seemed to be further and further away from reach. "So you finally decided to speak to me again, kitten?" the kid smirked, closing his book and putting it away before I could get the chance to read the title. "Well, I got tired of doing the whole cat and mouse shit and wanted to take action on why you're being a damn creeper." I hissed out, crossing my arms across my chest. He chuckled, smirking. "Well, you don't always play with fire do you?" he said. I raised an eyebrow at him in curiosity. What could he have meant by that? "You're quite the unpredictable one aren't you? I was half expecting you to keep chatting about me to your dear friend there." He asked, chuckling again. The noise was strangely comforting. His face, not the best, yet not the worst, it was boyishly adorable in a manner of sense. I sighed internally, managing a small smile to form on my lips. Seeing the smile of others just somehow made me happy for some reason. So I did my best to make others smile, even at times when it was at the expense of my own happiness. I was too giving, too heartfelt at humans that I couldn't deny them. Was this weakness? There's no way to tell now. Right now, I'm overthinking things, and I know I am. "So, are you going to apologize or what?" I ask, taking one of his paper napkins and begin folding it into a crane. Or a sad attempt of a crane, I was never really good at origami though. "Have I ever been known to give you what you want?" he asked. "You're such a smart ass, Mr. Mason. Just say it and I'll leave." I told him, grimacing. He gave a sort of crooked smile that sent chills down my spine just looking at the damned thing. His expression darkened slightly. "As if I care about principles, Bells, inhibitions aren't my game. But I could find room for you to be again, if you're willing to keep it a secret?" He said, smirking. This arrogant asshole, I am not his slave anymore. I've had enough of this. He can't just expect me to just bend over backwards and satisfy his lust towards me? How disgusting. "Gross." I told him, standing up to leave his table. His hand shot up, grabbed my wrist and pulled me back to sit beside him. His lips were on my ear, breathing. Ugh, he was too close for any stranger to be. I could barely breathe. His scent was everywhere. Damn this kid. "It's not wise to defy me, kitten. You'll learn that soon enough. My new number is on your hand and you better call tonight at 7. Now, go to class." He whispered, releasing his hold on my wrist. I grabbed my things and practically ran to my next class, pausing only to catch my breath up on the stairs. I made it to class with 4 minutes to spare. Lucky girl, especially with the way the hallway was packed today. I sat at my table, moving my stuff into the chair beside me, until I saw that someone's bag was already there. Maybe Angela came here earlier than me and was able to find the table and set her things here? I hope so. I didn't like the idea of having a stranger sit next to me, even though I knew the entire class and had had the class for half of a year. Then I saw creeper kid, Mason, walk into class. His eyes were scanning the class, searching for an empty table. Unfortunately Angela was nowhere to be found. Where was this girl? I was biting my nails nervously as he came closer and closer to my table. His shit-eating grin was glued to his damn face again as if he had won the biggest game at a hunting game. "Hello, Kitten." He said, moving the bag that was in Angela's chair. "You can't sit there. Someone's already sitting there." I said, smirking. "I know, I am, since this is my bag" he replied, killing my good mood already. I moved my chair as far as I could, away from him. However, seeing as how the table is only for two people, that kind of made that idea moot anyway. I groaned, putting my head on the desk and sighed. Hopefully, Mr. Wilson would be here today and give us some individual assignment to keep us busy for the whole period. "Hello Students, my name is Mrs. Kirkpatrick and I will be filling in for your teacher, Mr. Wilson for the rest of this semester." The overly cheerful woman announced. This couldn't be happening. This just couldn't be, unless I had karma or some other stuff coming to curse me for past evil I had done. Okay, this may be possible now. I'll just accept my fate, just as long as it doesn't involve him more than it needs to. Then, I'll just move to a different school. "It also seems that he didn't leave any work for you today. So, I'll allow you to work on other work you may have in your other classes or listen to music on your phones if you're quiet." She said, smiling brightly. Damn Mr. Wilson, this man was now a sadist in my eyes. But at least I'd be able to tune this guy out with my music, and that's exactly what I did. It worked until I felt a hand on my thigh. My eyes were probably the size of saucers at this point. I moved his hand off of my thigh, scooting further away. The leg of my chair was touching the leg of the table now. His hand came on my thigh again after a few seconds, gripping it tighter when I tried to pry it off my thigh. I gave up after the squeezing became too intense and just let it go, ignoring it as much as I could. His hand crept higher up my thigh, touching my hip now. What the actual fuck is this guy's problem? " Bruises and Bite marks" was the song now playing on my phone, and it couldn't have chosen a better moment to do so. Please tell me that he wasn't going to do this here. I wasn't much of a virgin to be honest, so I knew what to expect when hands started to wander around like airline security. That was a wonderfully painful night, but I enjoyed the pain nonetheless. Maybe I was weird for that? I don't think so. His hand was hovering over my crotch, delving in between my thighs. Shit. I have to deal with this for 70 more minutes? I pulled out my travel tweezers and jabbed him in the hand with them. He hissed in pain, pulling his hand away and glared daggers at me. I smiled back happily, asking the teacher if I could go to the office to check myself out, to which she said yes. I bolted out of the classroom so fast, I'm pretty sure I was blurred on the school cameras. I nearly tripped trying to get down stairs to the second floor attendance office. After I signed myself out, I walked down the two flights of stairs that were next to the cafeteria and walked to the junior parking lot. My car was small and simple. Much the same way I loved life. The 2005 white Ford was cold, probably from the near artic morning we had down here. The weather was so much more different down south, but somehow I managed. As I reached into my pocket to fish out my keys, I noticed that there was writing scribbled on my hand. The longer I stared at it, the more I could understand it. It was 'his' number. I'd have probably chopped my hand off and set it on fire if it wasn't my primary hand that I did almost everything with. "Looking for something, Kitten?" that fucking voice again? I groaned; face palming my forehead, raking my fingers through my blue and black back length hair. "What do you want now?" I ask out of irritation. "To make sure you follow orders. Plain and simple, I'd hate to have to hurt my newest, game piece." He said, grinning devilishly at me. What's with him? Does he plan on beating me in order to follow his orders all over again? If so, I might be the one to have to teach someone a lesson finally. "You have my keys don't you?" I said, pinching the bridge of my nose and closing my eyes in frustration. "Why of course I do, Kitten. You seemed like you needed a man's help with driving and I'm more than happy to help a woman in distress." He said, flashing those strangely sharp teeth at me. "I really don't need or want someone like you to help me. Now, can you please give me my keys back, I actually have to be somewhere." I said, anxiously looking around for any patrolling security guards. There was no one around. Perfect fucking timing, any other day, there would have been about 3 asking me if I should be in class. I turned to face the creeper. I didn't even hear him and he was already face to face with me. I looked up to see his face. Emerald eyes looked back into brown eyes. His eyes for a split second showed the adoration he once felt for me. My heart was racing against my chest. Why did I feel this way? His eyes had the power to freeze me in one spot. I can't move, and I find myself not wanting to anyway. "Be with me again, please." He begged, leaning towards my face. His hands pinned my wrists against my car, the cold metal of it causing me to shiver. "No way." I said. My voice wavering do to the sudden chill my body was experiencing, before the memories all started to come, I forced them back out. He pressed his body against mine, trapping me in between the car and himself. His body smelled like the woods and cinnamon, simply intoxicating to my