The Three Sisters Disclaimer: This is a work of fan fiction using characters from the Harry Potter world, which is trademarked by J. K. Rowling. I do not claim any ownership over any character in this work of fanfiction, nor do I claim any ownership over the Harry Potter world, nor do I claim any ownership over the vocabulary invented by J.K Rowling (including "pureblood", "muggleborn", etc.). One part of this work is a specific excerpt from J. K. Rowling's book "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" – this excerpt is indicated by being in italics and the page number is provided. Disclaimer for the image: The image was created using the "Tudors Scene Maker" from Dolldivine. The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black 12 Grimmauld Place "Kreacher was sent by Mistress to fetch Masters Regulus and Sirius. Mistress' brother and his wife have arrived with their daughters. Masters Regulus and Sirius should welcome their cousins." "I'll be right there, Kreacher," replied Regulus, standing up from his desk. "Kreacher already told Master Sirius but he refuses to come. Kreacher will be punished if Master Sirius doesn't come to welcome his cousins." Regulus frowned, "Don't worry, Kreacher. I'll take care of it." "Thank you, Master Regulus," replied Kreacher before bowing and leaving the room. Regulus marched to Sirius' room and knocked on the door. "Sirius?" Silence. Sirius was deliberately ignoring his younger brother and Regulus knew it. "Sirius! Come on, please. Our cousins are here." There was a bit of a rustle and Regulus pressed his ear against the door. Then, loud Muggle music started playing from Sirius' room. Regulus blanched. "Sirius, quit your provocation, you'll get us all in trouble. Why do you have to be so difficult? Do you know what they'll do to Kreacher if he returns to the living-room without us?" The music was suddenly turned up so loud that the door shook with the force of the decibels. Regulus flicked his wand and silence ensued. Sirius strode to the door and opened it so forcefully that it banged against the wall loudly. "How dare you!?" He was seething with anger. Regulus flinched a little. "I just... come on, Dromeda's down there and wants to see you." Sirius hesitated and seemed to calm down a little. "Dromeda came too?" He sounded slightly surprised; "I heard that her parents locked her in her room as punishment." "It's true that Uncle and Auntie weren't pleased when Dromeda befriended that Muggleborn, but I think they've sorted it out." Sirius narrowed his eyes, "What do you mean 'sorted it out'? What happened?" Regulus shrugged his shoulders, "How should I know? Come downstairs and ask Dromeda if you want to find out." "Fine," Sirius huffed and held his chin proudly high up in the air, strutting past his younger brother. "By the way," he added, almost as an afterthought, "Gryffindor is set to win against Slytherin for the next match. Just a forewarning." Regulus sighed and followed Sirius down the stairs. Their aunt and uncle were sitting talking with their parents while their three cousins sat silently on a couch a bit further away. "Ah," said Orion Black, "how nice of you to finally grace us with your presence." Walburga narrowed her eyes at Sirius, "I'm sure Regulus would have been here much sooner if it hadn't been for that blasted Muggle music deafening our ears." Sirius chose to ignore his mother's comment, even though his temper was flaring. He wouldn't dignify that statement with an answer. He was, however, a brave Gryffindor, so he held her cold stare firmly before his mother looked away with a sneer. "My dear brother Cygnus and dearest Druella were just telling us that their daughters are entering honourable courtships with noble wizards." She looked over at the three sisters. The eldest, Bellatrix, had black hair and black eyes. Next to her was the youngest sister, Narcissa, who had blonde hair and pale blue eyes, a stark contrast to the eldest sister. Further along the couch, the furthest away from her parents, sat Andromeda, the middle child. She resembled her older sister Bellatrix a bit, except that she had light brown hair and softer, wider eyes. All three of them were tall and had the same patrician beauty. "Kreacher!" bellowed Walburga, "Serve the young ladies some tea and biscuits." "Yes, Mistress," replied Kreacher hastily, still pleased at his luck of avoiding a beating due to Sirius' (and therefore also Regulus') lateness. He liked Mistress best when she talked to him about the noble pureblood families and explained how the wizarding world ought to be, and he liked her least when she beat him – although some of that anger and resentment was also directed towards Sirius, whose behaviour usually irked his parents to the point where they retaliated against all beings present – sons and house-elves included. "Only serve Miss Bella and Miss Cissy," said Druella Black (née Rosier), "Miss Dromeda is currently forbidden to eat or drink anything but water for she has not lived up to the expectations of her pure blood." Bellatrix shot Andromeda a nasty glare and sneered arrogantly before determinedly turning away, facing the opposite side. Narcissa remained facing forward, stoically, her face betraying no emotions whatsoever. The four adults discussed pureblood responsibilities and honours while Sirius dragged Andromeda outside to 'show her the garden'. As soon as they were out of eyesight from their parents, he reached into his pocket and pulled out some biscuits. "For you," he said, stuffing them into her hands, "Nicked them just now, no one saw anything, not even that filthy tattletale Kreacher or dear, best son Regulus." "I can't," she whispered, "They've put some kind of hex on me – they can tell when I eat. I tried and..." she pulled back the sleeves of her dress to show some wide, red marks on her arms, as if she had been burned with a hot iron. Sirius gasped, and then shook with anger, "Those repugnant...!" "Shh," Andromeda tried to soothe him. In the living-room, Regulus had taken Andromeda's empty seat on the couch and was making small-talk with Narcissa about Hogwarts and school subjects. Cygnus had just finished explaining to his sister Walburga that he would only allow his daughters to marry wizards of the purest blood. His wife, Druella, nodded towards her two remaining daughters on the couch, and continued, "Bella is friends with only the most respectable wizards and witches from Slytherin (Walburga felt a wave of anger for her Gryffindor son Sirius), of course. Her friends include Evan Rosier, a distant relative of mine. And we've recently brought to her attention that Evan Rosier's good friend, Rodolphus Lestrange would be a most advantageous match. The Lestrange family is, as we all know, one of the sacred twenty-eight, ancient, noble, always pure, magically gifted, rich and powerful." Orion and Walburga nodded their assent. "A most fortunate alliance for two noble pureblood families," agreed Orion. Bellatrix spoke, her whole demeanour reeking of arrogance, "Of course, a member of the the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black cannot settle for anything less." Cygnus and Druella beamed and looked very proud of their daughter. "We didn't have plans to marry our youngest just yet," continued Druella, "We prefer to focus first on the eldest and to finish with the youngest, but Narcissa recently told us about a possible courtship with Lucius Malfoy, a very noble and respectable pureblood family as well. We've been invited to Malfoy Manor in Wiltshire next week. I believe if we don't hurry, we'll have the youngest married off before the eldest!" There was laughter around the room. Bellatrix smiled encouragingly at Narcissa, who smiled back a small smile and blushed slightly. Bellatrix, being the eldest and behaving the most according to her pure blood (which made her the favourite child, closely followed by Narcissa), was granted the privilege of sitting with the adults to discuss important, noble politics. Young, quiet Narcissa remained on the couch with her younger cousin Regulus. "So," Regulus smiled, "You and the Slytherin Prefect, eh?" Narcissa blushed slightly and nodded, "I really like him," she whispered. Regulus nodded, "I don't know him that well. What's he like?" "He's very nice and attentive to me." She lowered her voice a little before continuing, "I think Bella's brash behaviour sometimes annoys him a little, but he puts up with it for me. They've always hung out in the same group of friends and I'm not part of that group because I'm younger, but Lucius cares for me and... he asks me for my opinion about things... and he's quite calm like me. We talk about a lot of things together. He's always been nice to me but I think he's really started to notice me this year. He has serious intentions, that's why we're invited to Malfoy Manor." Regulus nodded and smiled, "It sounds like he makes you happy." Narcissa smiled back, "He does. I can see myself having a family with him." Night-time Andromeda sat on the windowsill, looking outside into the gloomy night. Suddenly, she heard a faint noise of light footsteps approaching. She whipped her head in the direction of the noise, and held her wand at the ready. "Oh, it's you," she said when she saw Narcissa approaching, holding her wand with a light at the tip, "I thought it was Bella." She turned back to the window. Narcissa went to stand behind her and looked out of the window as well. "Dromeda... why do you complicate your life so much?" Andromeda sighed, "Cissy, why are you here?" Narcissa took out some a loaf of bread she had been hiding under her robe and placed it on the windowsill. "I got this for you from the kitchen." Andromeda looked down at the bread and sighed again, "Thank you. But I can't eat it. Father and Mother will know." "Oh," Narcissa sounded surprised, "Are you sure?" "Yes." Andromeda eyed Narcissa warily for a bit before deciding that her younger sister was strong enough to face the truth. She pulled back her sleeves and Narcissa gasped in shock. "They found out last time and punished me." Narcissa looked up from the wounds into Andromeda's eyes. Narcissa had tears in her eyes, but she wouldn't let them spill. "They... you know... they still love you..." Andromeda snorted, "They have a funny way of showing it." "They want what's best for you." "How do they know what's best for me? I think Ted is the person who's best for me." There was a short silence. "I think you are able to find a pureblood wizard that you love with all your heart." "If Lucius was not pureblood, if he was half-blood or muggleborn or a Muggle, would you still love him?" Narcissa paused for a moment and then said, "That's beside the point. You should be naturally inclined to find your soulmate in your own kind." Andromeda snorted and replied, "My own kind? They've managed to brainwash you quite well." Narcissa ignored that last statement and continued, "Don't you want to ensure your children will be capable of magic? How could you live with the guilt if one of your children was not gifted with magic due to their father's lineage?" "That's ridiculous. First of all, I'm not as convinced as you are that magic and lineage are necessarily related. There are squibs in prominent pureblood families, even in ours, even though the family tries to hide it. And children of Muggleborns are usually as equally magically gifted as children of Purebloods, with no more likelihood of being Squibs. Second, Squibs and Muggles are people too, and they can be happy without magic, and perhaps I would be fine with having a kid who couldn't do magic – maybe they wouldn't resent me for it." "It sounds like you're just trying to convince yourself because of Tonks." Andromeda sighed, "The sort of nonsense that our parents