"Wait , What!" Edward exclaims , "How did you?" Edward is baffled by Alice's victory , a perplexed look in his eye . "Oh" , he becomes defeated , his head down . He looks so childlike , cross-legged , sulking . After a few moments he lifts his head slowly chuckling , "Good game sis" . Alice returns a happy smile then looks across to me . "I hope you don't mind us all being here like this , I got restless and Jasper was desperate to speak to you, he wanted to clear things up". A moment of anger bubbles up inside of me, and I bark , "As I've already explained to all of you , I didn't need an apology" , but as soon as I've said it , I feel calm and disappointed in myself for my recent outburst. I look across at Jasper who smiles sweetly at me and realise he is responsible for my appeasement, his incredible ability to control emotions evident on his face. Alice and Edward glance at each other then begin to chuckle , turning their heads towards me . "Damn those mood swings huh?" Alice giggles . One look at Edward's teasing face and I'm unable to hide the grin spreading across my own. Edward stands up and meanders over to the bed , perching next to me , grasping my hand lightly . At that moment , another stabbing pain seizes me , and I find myself winded by the sensation. This sucks . "I'm sorry Bella" ,he drops my hand suddenly. He must assume he squeezed it too hard . Alice shakes her head and glares at me , "The pills ,take them , now" , her stern voice alarms me , Yes Boss ! I state in my head. I lean over and swallow the pills down quickly . "Alice , there's no need to be harsh" Edward jumps to my defence quickly . "I'm not being harsh Edward , I'm being authoritative , seen as you boys are obviously going to tiptoe around Bella" She winks at me , "Now , Jasper , you and I should probably give Bella and Edward some space, don't you think?" She gives Edward a meaningful look and smiles , then she and Jasper swoop out the window , hands clasped together . What was that look about ? What did Alice see ? What does she , and now Edward know? I take a deep breath and roll over , pressing my face deep into the pillow . There is a constant ache in my abdomen and back, and the stabbing pains are becoming less persistent but still noticeable. I feel Edward's cool fingers caressing my back , soothing the soreness . This pain is already becoming tiring and I'm agitated . A stab hits me hard and I attempt to hide the pain , flinching evidently . Edward leans into me , and whispers in my ear "In pain or not , you're beautiful Bella , if there's anything I can get for you , you must tell me straight away . None of this suffer in silence cliché , okay?" I grunt and scrunch my body into a ball. Edward wipes the hair out of my face and exposes the left side .He twirls his finger around my ear and cheekbone, and I feel my eyes drifting closed , I must be more tired than I thought , this pain thing is wiping me out , I guess a night awake with a vampire and a constant roll of rom-coms takes its toll on a girl. Edwards POV Bella sleeps softly , grunting every so often , it's only been an hour since she fell asleep but I feel myself missing her . I hate to see her in pain like this , with no control over a natural process . It's frustrating , especially when I can't read her mind , I can't tell if she's being modest or how much pain she is in , or how she is feeling. I pace around her room for a while longer , then settle for sitting in the chair in the corner of the room. After a short while a voice I don't appreciate chimes . "I hope she doesn't think bad of me , I just panicked , I don't get girl stuff , she'll know that right? I hope she isn't mad at me for coming here , what if the bloodsucker's there , who am I kidding , I know the bloodsucker will be there. Should I have told Charlie? No , Bella would never forgive me" God , he is irritating . I make my way downstairs , knowing he will knock on the door shortly , and I don't wish for him to wake Bella . Not whilst she isn't in any pain as she is sleeping . I silently twist the handle on the door and am greeted by Jacob , stood awkwardly , about to knock. The disgust that I answered shows plainly on his face . "Bella in?" "She's asleep" "I've heard that before , can I see her , please?" He tries to shrug around me , but I block his path. "It's the truth Jacob , Bella has been in a great deal of pain and needs her sleep , please leave her to rest." I stare into his eyes , trying to share my honesty . I hear his doubtful thoughts , so interrupt our staring contest . "Can I give her a message ?" I ask , trying my best to be pleasant. "Just have her call me" , he spits back and turns on his heels , striding down the driveway and breaks into a jog .His thoughts are aggravated and feature many profanities . I close the door quietly and zoom back into Bella's room . I'm glad that Charlie is at work and I can be myself , and therefore be here for Bella properly . As I stand at the end of her bed , I see Bella's face scrunch into a pained expression , and I realise it must hurt more than I can appreciate. I slide the covers back and slip into her bed beside her , gliding my fingers up her back and around her waist in an attempt to soothe her pain . Her face relaxes and I feel a sense of ease . At least I can help her somehow . I begin to ponder about how little I know on this subject and decide on some research. I move to get out of bed but Bella pulls me into her . She knows I'm here . The thought warms my heart. I can't leave her . I reach over to the pocket of my jacket laid across her drawers and slip out my phone , opening google . After a short while , I feel content that I can help Bella through this tough time , after reading up on symptoms , causes , do's and don'ts . I find that heat is actually a better source of pain relief than the cold . This knock me back slightly , but I consider the options available to me . What can I get her that is warm ? Warmth . My mind flicks to Jacob and I immediately banish the idea , no way! Now let's think , a hot water bottle maybe . Yes . A hot water bottle . That I can do . I wonder if Bella has one in the house , and decide to take a look round in the bathroom or anywhere visible in Bella's room . I slip out from under the covers , causing Bella to roll over onto her side . The sight that greets me shocks me but I remain calm and cannot feel anything but love for Bella. This is totally natural. She has bled through her sweat pants onto the sheets slightly . I decide I have to do something to prove to Bella that she doesn't need to be embarrassed and that I am here for her . I step over to her drawers and pull out another pair of sweats and a baggy shirt , just as Bella begins to roll over in bed. I carry them downstairs and place them in the clothes dryer to warm up , pour a glass of orange juice , and I am back upstairs before she has rolled over fully. I then dig through the bag of supplies Alice left for Bella at the end of her bed , the tag reads ,'The Ultimate Period Kit'. I cannot help but smile at my sister's strange sense of humour . I pull out another set of Tylenol and place them next to the glass of orange juice next to Bella's lamp on her bedside table , and decide to leave her for a while . I take a quick look around and don't find a hot water bottle . I could leave and buy one , returning before Bella wakes , but I don't want to take the chance of her waking up to an empty room. I sit on the chair in the corner of her room and marvel at her beauty as she sleeps , envying the serenity that she reaches through sleeping . Bella's POV I wake from a dreamless sleep , feeling groggy and drowsy . My abdomen is sore and I brace myself for the agony to come . I shift under the duvet and horror strikes me . I am damp . Oh no . Edward is sitting in the chair in the corner of my room , gazing at me , a concerned look on my face , no doubt pondering why I look flustered . "Is everything alright Bella , are you in pain?" I ignore his question and lift the sheet , moving to one side . Crap , I'm bleeding , onto the sheets . Urgh .I wish the ground could swallow me now and I feel like I want to scream. I roll over and begin to cry , hiding my face from the god sat no more than a few feet away. "Bella , speak to me , what's wrong?" His voice is filled with worry and I hear his quiet footsteps making his way over to my bed . The duvet shuffles back . "Don't" , I say loudly into the pillow . "Bella , please" He says . He sounds hurt . "I'm bleeding" I whimper , tears absorbing into my pillow . "Yes Bella , I-" "Everywhere" I continue. I proceed to cry loudly and Edward rolls me into his arms . I begin to sob into his arm , my tears soaking through his cashmere sweater . "Bella , I already knew you were bleeding . I didn't want to wake you so I left you to sleep .I hope you don't think bad of me . You are just so peaceful when you are sleeping . It's no big deal Bella really , what will it take for you to believe that I have no issues concerning this . I love you and I'm here by your side through anything ." He plants a firm kiss on my lips and the embarrassment melts away. "I love you Edward" "I love you too Bella" I wince as a shockwave of stabbing pains runs through me and I fold over , hugging my waist. "Here Bella , take these". His honey voice spills over me and I take the pills from his hand , then swallowing them with the help of the glass of orange juice . "Want to snuggle some more?" He asks me . I shake my head and shuffle off his lap . "I'm gonna go