Edward lays beside me as finish my second box of cookies . They are so yummy . I roll over , gazing into his deep darkening eyes. He's hungry. It amazes me that after tasting my blood , he no longer finds it so difficult to be around me . At least that's what he says , he may just be trying to ease my conscience and make me feel more comfortable around him. I am always comfortable around him , there is no need for any extra attempts. "Do you know how gorgeous you look when you're in bed", his voice flows out of him like warm honey . He plants a hard kiss on my lips . "I think you're looking in a mirror" I giggle. "Come , Alice saw a thunderstorm in the mountains , it will be directly over them at twelve thirty , it's baseball time" . Edward sounds so excited by the prospect of a harrowing game of baseball . He is such an adolescent . Even if he is 109 . "Really? Edward do we have to , I'm not really in the mood .I feel sleepy and cuddly". I roll into his arms and squish my head into his chest . It's solid and cool , and provides comfort to feel his smooth marble complexion . I feel his mood shift and gaze up at his face , it looks disappointed , like a child walking past a candy store and not being treated by a trip inside . "Okay Bella , we can stay here . If that's what you want love , then we will stay" He is so good to me , my heart melts after his kind remark , and my mind changes . "No , its fine , come on , I'll get my coat , let's go." I kiss him softly then roll off the bed , then plod downstairs , Edward trailing behind me. I shrugged my coat on groan as an ache surrounds my body. Edward appears in the doorway and wraps his hand around mine. Charlie peers round the living room doorway. "Bye Bells". "See you later Dad , don't worry , there's the number for pizza on the fridge for later " "Thanks Bells , you go on and have a good time , not too late ok?" "I won't keep her to late Chief Swan" , Edward interjects. "I'm sure you won't" , Charlie says . And with that he disappears back towards the beckoning couch . I become aware that Edward and Charlie are not going to be very friendly for a while , thanks to my regular disappearing acts and my very recent ungrounding . We descend out the door and make our way towards the huge truck, Emmett's pride and joy. Edward chuckles, " He is being a lot more civil for your sake you know , you should've heard what he was thinking." "Well the thing is Edward" I snap , "I can't hear what he is thinking because I am not an Vampire , and that is because you are too stubborn to change me" Woah , where did that come from ? Alice leaps from Emmett's truck and flashed over to me . "Bella , what's wrong ?" " Don't humour me Alice , don't pretend you didn't see this coming ." Whoa , where the hell did that come from? Tears pool in my eyes and guilt washes over me . "I'm sorry , to both of you , I didn't get much sleep last night and its making me grouchy. I'm so sorry Alice , that was totally unnecessary ." "It's totally fine Bella , everyone has off days , come on , the thunderstorm should hit the mountains in half an hour , Esme and Carlisle are already up there setting up." And with that , she dances her way back to the truck and sweeps her way inside . I love Alice , she's so easy going about human tendencies . Especially with her being a woman too. She understands everything . "Bella , are you sure you don't want to just go back inside ? We don't have to go , especially if you haven't been sleeping well, is it the nightmares again? Bella , you can tell me , I want to help you." "Edward it fine , I never sleep as well when you aren't by my side , and you needed some downtime last night . I can't expect you to be my bodyguard every night . I'm glad you get to go have fun ." "Bella , I like being with you , come , let's go back inside", he says sweetly. "No Edward it's fine, let's go play , I want to" I protest. "Are you sure? You don't seem your usual self" "Edward I'm fine" We are interrupted by the blast of the horn in the truck , and Emmett's bear faced grin peers out of the window . "Come on guys , I wanna play ball" Edward and I slide into the truck , and Edward straps me into my harness . We glide down the road , speeding onto the familiar dirt track that follows up to the mountains . Alice turns to me and begins chatting about random gossip and I listen as intently as possible . I feel like I need to make up for my outburst earlier. Edward's cool thumb caresses my hand , sending Goosebumps all over my skin. He laughs loudly at the jolly banter passing between himself and Jasper about Emmett's baseball tactics. The road becomes bumpier and we bounce along, the truck rocking in every direction. I suddenly become nauseous , and drop my head back . Alice becomes preoccupied in a whispered conversation with Jasper , leaving me distracted . I feel myself getting warmer , and pray for the nausea to pass . We continue along the track , bouncing and rocking .The chuckles in the car grow , excited vampires . It's a joy to see them all so happy. Then suddenly we hit a pothole , the truck lurches forward and my stomach rolls . "Edward quick , get me out , I'm gonna throw up" "What? Bella what's going on?" "Edward , get me out . Now!" "Emmett, pull over now" Alice shouts . Emmett steers the car to the edge of the track rapidly . Edward has already undone my harness , fled to my door and yanked it open , hauling me out . I pelt down into the bushes and Edward follows at my side . "Leave me" , I splutter and continue to stumble further away . Edward disappears and my stomach rolls again , I heave and my lunch spills out onto the greenery . "Nice , but I think the idea is to keep the food inside your stomach." I turn my head slightly and wipe my mouth. Jacob . His presence alarms me yet is a mild comfort to the nausea . "That's not funny Jake" Jake chuckles and strolls over to me . He's so large , he towers over me . "So, erm, you good or ..?" Good old , awkward Jake . "I'm good , I should probably get back to-" "The bloodsuckers" "Ermm , yeah , I guess, we were just off to play baseball and I guess I got a little carsick" I say , embarrassed . " There's a seat in the truck if you wanna come with? Come hang out with the pale faces ?" It would be nice to try and make Edward and Jacob bond , they are both so important to me , it would be a blessing to be able to spend time with both of them for once . "Naa bells , I mean , I don't think that's a good idea , the leeches wouldn't want me there anyway" "Oh , right , sure , okay" I cannot hide the disappointment in my voice . "Look , Bella , I want to spend time with you , don't get me wrong , I just don't wanna cause a scene, but if it's what you want , and the Cullens don't mind , then I guess I'll come along or whatever." On cue , Edward reappears by my side . "Bella , are you okay , would you like to go home?" "No Edward I'm fine , just a little car sick. Do you mind if Jacob comes along and plays with us ?" "Bella . Im not sure it would be such a good idea to-" "See!" Jacob interrupts , "Sorry Bella, think that's my cue to leave" "Jacob , you didn't let me finish" Edward says calmly . " I was going to say that if it is what Bella wants , I'm sure myself and my family could make an exception to our , erm , situation with each other" I feel my face brighten at the prospect . Edward is so loving , I don't deserve him at all. "Fine ,but don't expect me to be all pally with you, I'm only doing this to spend time with Bella , seen as you seem to have her occupied most of the time now , lead the way" Jacob grumbles, defeated . I hang back and let Jacob pass me , shuffling backward . Suddenly , my head spins , a blanket of dizziness covers me and I find myself leaning over as my stomach flips and send the cookies from earlier up into my throat . Edward is by my side in a flash , scooping my hair out of my face as the cookies make a second appearance . The blood rushes to my face and the embarrassment threatens to strangle me . Tears pool in my eyes . "Bella , I'm taking you home" Edward says with authority. He scoops me up into his arms. "Edward no , put me down this instant , like I said , I was just a little car sick , this is a bumpy track " "Bella , you just threw up twice , are you sure you aren't sick? I just want to take care of you" "You already take care of me Edward , please let's just go play, I want to , really." "Fine" And with that the three of us made our way back to Emmett's truck and clambered in . Well , Jake and I clambered , Edward was graceful , like the angel he is . "Lightweight" Emmett laughs. "Just take it easy hey Emmett ?"Edward says defensively. "What's with the wolf?" Rosalie snarls . "He's here at Bella's request , don't try and start something Rosalie , its one day , get over it" Rosalie spins her head and gazes out of the window . Edward whispers in my ear "Are you sure you're okay ? You still look pale , and really tired , you haven't been yourself today." "You really know how to make a girl feel special" I joke . Edward looks worried , despite my attempts to lighten the mood. Alice wears a concerned look on her face and whispers something to Jasper . "It's the mutt" I hear him reply , hushed . I pretend I heard nothing and glance at Jacob , who is staring down at his clenched fists . He is obviously feeling very uncomfortable, making me evn more grateful that he came. Before long we turn into a large meadow and I see Carlisle and Esme in the clearing , tossing a ball back and forth. Their love for each other radiates from them in golden waves . We all depart from the car and the game flows well . I stand back mostly , umpiring at Esme's request .Watching Jacob run round