Angel was day-dreaming in class, which wasn't new. She was always thinking, dreaming, or so her teachers called it: distracted. Angel didn't believe that. Neither did her mother. Her mother always told her that dreaming was a vital part of life. Without it, life wouldn't be life. Dreams held things that could lift spirits like no one else. It was special. Angel's mother didn't encourage dreaming in class, but she did recommend thinking about it sometimes. Angel tried listening to her mother, but she was always too 'distracted'. Other times in class, Angel dreamed about books that she read. She loved to read, and that was the thing she dreamed most about. She had read Seeing Cinderella, and she wished that she could have something magical handed down to her. She had read many Fairytales, and she was jealous of the princesses' beautiful kingdoms and magical balls. She had read all the Magic Tree House books, and wished that she could have a secret magic place that took her to places. She also loved Harry Potter. It was full of magic and uncertainties. She had even read Maximum Ride, and she wished she had magical features like the amazing leader, Max. There was a character that Angel also admired, and it was a girl named Angel herself. The Angel in the book had wings, could read minds, control minds, confuse minds, talk to fish, and breathe underwater with her invisible gills. Angel looked up to her a lot, and she was only 6 years old. Angel longed for wings, magical events, or anything worth her dreams and imagination. This time, Angel was dreaming about a book she had been reading this week. It was a long interesting series about The Heroes of Olympus. She was reading book #3 The Mark of Athena. Angel was fascinated by Annabeth's bravery and Percy's loyalty. To her, it was inspirational; outstanding. She was totally absorbed in her imagination, and was thinking of many possibilities. Perhaps that is why she didn't hear her substitute teacher call her at first. After the teacher called her two more times, Angel snapped out of it. "Angel, are you listening and paying attention?" The substitute teacher demanded. "Yes. Yes, I am." Angel quickly responded. She heard some girls sitting next to her, snickering. She heard one of them say 'dreaming state again'. Angel looked across the room, and she saw her friend Maxine shrugging at her, and then smiling expectantly. "Well, if you were, you should be able to answer question #7." The substitute used her pointer stick to point to a question on the white board. It asked what the four oceans in the world were. "That's easy." Angel responded, "Plus, it's five oceans, not four. The five oceans in the world are the Pacific, Atlantic, Arctic, Indian, and Southern Ocean." Angel beamed up at the teacher. The teacher stared back at Angel uncertain. The girls snickering next to her remained silent. Maxine winked at her. Angel was only in first grade, and she had answered an average question like it was the easiest question in the world. Angel was younger than most kids in her grade. She was six; the others were six-and-a-half or seven. The group of snickering girls next to her was seven years old. This made Angel most peculiar, and strange. But some adults, including her mother, would call her special . The substitute teacher, Mrs. Via, was a young African American with curly hair. The substitute frowned at Angel once more. She was very bright, but always didn't pay attention. Sometimes, she was a Smart-Alek, so the Mrs. Parky, the absent teacher, the sick teacher, wasn't worried about that. The topics about oceans were always too easy for her. Math was a struggle for her though, but that wasn't the point. Mrs. Via just did not understand why Angel knew the answer. She had been warned about this particular student after all. She still didn't get why Angel was good at this type of topic. Even she herself sometimes had trouble remembering all the oceans. That was an easy question. You see, Angel loves anything related to ocean topics. Naming the oceans was easy-peasy for her, an ocean expert you could say. She also learns about the ocean with her mother at home. She learns about marine life, and knows all about sea creatures and where they live and what they eat. She had memorized all the world's oceans, and she was working on memorizing all the seas. Soon, she would be onto lakes and rivers. Angel had already decided to learn about Marine Biology in her future classes. It would be rather fun and exciting for her. When the substitute teacher was about to speak again, the bell for lunch rang, and everyone jumped out of their seats and crowded over the doorway to get out. The substitute nodded, and Angel jumped out of her seat and ran after her other friends and Maxine. Angel snatched her lunchbox as she headed over to the lunch table to join her friends, Sasha and Maxine. She was excited to eat her lunch, which was a delicious serving of dumplings. Then she would eat some yogurt. And when she finished that, she would gobble up her chocolate Hershey. Her mother always made and prepared the best food. They never tasted bad. She never burned it, or put in too much salt. It was just right. Angel was not a big fan of school lunches. It was a hot lunch, which was the only good thing about it all. Each serving was too small; a small hamburger was not enough for most active kids. They forced you to take vegetables or fruits that most kids wouldn't eat. The kids would end up throwing it away. To Angel, it was a waste of food. Also, school lunches weren't exactly cheap-o. Just bringing a home prepared lunch was good enough for Angel. Angel met up with her two friends. They all said hi to each other, shared lunches, and ate. It was a happy group. Angel loved her friends. They were fun and exciting, and they didn't tease her about daydreaming in class. Angel's best friend, Maxine (Angel loved relating her friend and herself to Maximum Ride), tapped on her shoulder. Angel looked over as Maxine pointed to a group of boys. The boys were whispering and pointing at them. They kept glancing over their shoulder as they murmured things to one another. "I think," Angel's friend remarked, "That you have some crushes! You're so lucky!" Angel tilted her head and looked back at the boys again. None of them really stood out or interested her. The only thing they ever talked about was video games. That was it, really. The boys had every right to like Angel. She was very pretty indeed, that was where she got her name from. She was as pretty as an Angel. Her skin was smooth and shiny white. Her turquoise eyes shined and glowed in the sunlight. Her long blonde-streaked hair was curled at the ends, and they bounced off her shoulders. Whenever she smiled, it lit up everyone in the room. Whenever she jumped, her little white or pink dress would flutter up and down. And of course, she was an absolute expert on marine biology. "I'm not that lucky," Angel remarked, grinning, "You're pretty too, you know. They might actually be pointing at you, not me." Angel was also right, Maxine was pretty too. She had short brown hair that went down to her shoulders. Freckles dotted her face. Her blue eyes were very beautiful. Her little skirt would dance when she twirled. Maxine was adventurous and always had a good attitude. And yes, she was great at math. "Don't give false ideas, Angel!" Maxine replied, blushing, "You're much prettier than I." "No, she's wrong!" Sasha, Angel's friend, perked up, "You're not the prettiest, and Angel is not the prettiest." "Then who is?" Angel laughed, but she could already guess what Sasha would say. "I am, of course! I am pretty, am I not?" Sasha bragged sarcastically. She leaped out of her seat, and she danced around and made funny moves in front of them. Angel and Maxine used their hands to cup their mouths as they laughed. They bent over and shook with laughter as Sasha leaped, danced, and twirled in front of them. Sasha's curly black hair bounced up and down as the two girls kept laughing and giggling. Her dark skin glinted in the sunlight. Her dark brown eyes were closed, half-smiling, half-laughing. Sasha was fun to play with, and she was the youngest of the three girls. Sasha sat back down again after she was done dancing. The three girls chatted and ate lunch at the same time. "Today, when we were learning about the oceans," Angel recalled, while eating a dumpling, "The substitute teacher caught me daydreaming. She claimed I wasn't paying attention. I claimed not. So she asked me for the names of the oceans in the world." "That's not a first." Sasha remarked, acting giddy. "That was dumb of her, our substitute, I mean. She should know better than to ask you a question about ocean life." Maxine added. "I know right?" I said, "When I answered the question easily, everyone was dumbfounded. They were all quiet and gaping, like the question were too hard for anyone to answer." "It is too hard to answer!" Sasha said, "I only remember one! It's the Pacific Ocean." "I only remember three!" Maxine said, "Pacific, Atlantic, and Indian Ocean!" "It's really easy! They're the Pacific, Atlantic, Arctic, Indian, and Southern Ocean. Here is the way I remember it. Do you know how to spell Spain? If you do, that makes things really easy. Subtract the n in Spain, then add an extra a next to the first a in Spain. Then, you have SPAAI. The Southern, Pacific, Atlantic, Arctic, and Indian Oceans are it." "Oh, I get it!" Sasha exclaimed, "That makes it much easier! SPAAI! Now I just have to remember how to spell Spain." "I know how to!" Maxine said excitedly, "S-P-A-I-N! Spain!" "S-P-A," Sasha began, "Wait, what is again?" "You don't have to work so hard at memorizing it!" Angel said, laughing, "The teachers aren't going to test you on it!" "But what if they ask us the question they asked you?" Sasha fake-whimpered, pouting her lip, "Then what?" Angel rolled her eyes, and then smiled. "Don't worry, they won't. I can promise you that." Angel then hand motioned to Sasha, "Anything exciting that's worth telling?" "Well," Sasha said thoughtfully, tapping her chin, thinking. Sasha wasn't in Angel's class, so lunchtime was the perfect time to catch up on stuff that was going on. When Maxine saw Sasha thinking, she tried mimicking her. But instead up chin tapping, she was stroking an invisible beard. Sasha didn't notice. "Well," she continued, "I believe something is wrong with me." "Wait, really?" Angel asked, wide-eyed, "What do you mean?" "I think I have short-term memory. I can't ever remember tiny details or things that happened during the day. I can only remember fuzzy pictures of big things and ideas happening." "We already know that," Maxine replied, "You told us before. We should never lend you stuff, or else you'll forget to return it. Borrowing stuff is small details, you don't remember it. But you most certainly remember bigger ideas, like us talking together right now." "I know, I know!" Sasha said, "But something bigger and stranger is going on! It's like a curse being passed down from Angel!" Angel frowned and retorted, "I do not have a curse!" "But now I have the curse! I'm always distracted now! When someone asks me what homework we had yesterday, I know I can't answer, because I don't remember. But even if I wanted to answer, I get completely distracted!" "Distracted by what?" Angel and Maxine chanted. "I