Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games. They belong to Suzanne Collins. Note: I lied, looks like this story is starting now! Well, kind of. I figured I'd just put out chapter one as an interest getter and show of what is to come in the future when this story will become a focus. For now, I'll be going back to TDL3 and Burning Snow, but even though they are my focus, enjoy the start of the story of the third protagonist of The Nameless Chronicles. Introducing Sickle, from District Nine! Is it just me, or is District Nine the overall most minor one of them all? Just seems to me like they never get to do anything. But, not this time! For now, its just one chapter, but I hope it'll be enjoyable and get you invested for the future. :) Also, starting now there will be a new addition to the end of chapter notes section. A list of injuries for the living Tributes. Just to give you all a more concrete visual of the action, and the stuff you cannot see through Sickle's POV. The sun is shining. The Mockingjays are singing. It's a perfect day in the forest. On days like this, kids like all of us in this Arena shouldn't be getting murdered. But the Capitol commands it, and that's what's going to happen. One way or another, by the end of this year's Hunger Games, the Seventy Fourth in fact, all but one of us will be dead. Some will be killed by other Tributes, some will die from environment...some may be torn apart by a Muttation. Me though... I'm gonna survive. I'm going to win. I'm going to become Victor, and bring the Capitol to its knees. Twenty three to save so many thousands... the thought makes me grimace, but the idea of being murdered by a Career or a Mutt, that makes me feel worse. Like my Mentor told me, just don't think about it and imagine you're freeing them from the harshness of Panem and sending them to the paradise beyond. My name is Sickle... Sickle Wheatly. I'm fourteen years old, and I'm from District 9. It's the District of Grain, and the District that has not had a victor in many years. Besides Twelve, we have one of the worst records. I work the fields back home, but the pay is crap. After all, orphans don't get given much. My name was in twice when I turned twelve, and it's been going up every year since. Now, I stand on my pedestal as the countdown is about to begin. I close my eyes and take a breath. I can't feel too awful. I was bound to be here eventually. It was the plan, after all. With no family or friends that could ever be used against me, I would train myself, both mentally and physically as the years go by and volunteer once I turned eighteen. By then, surely I'd be good enough to win the Hunger Games, and commit to my ultimate plan... the plan only a Victor could possibly pull off. The plan was slightly derailed when I was reaped a week or so ago. I guess making the Capitol burn four years early isn't too big of an inconvenience to anybody, really. It only means I need to be more careful. A few tributes yelp a little as the countdown begins. For sixty seconds, you'd think we'd be safe from any kind of harm before the Bloodbath begins. I know better though. You can't assume anything in this Arena. Whether it's a forest like this one, or a desert or tundra or anything else... can never feel safe, if you want to live. 50 seconds… Nobody even looks at me as I stand on the pedestal furthest along to the right in the line. Next to me is the girl from District Eight who plays around with her curls. Beyond her is the boy from Five who takes a deep breath. At the furthest point in the line from me is my District Partner, Miller. We agreed to stay out of each others way in the Arena, to not fight each other and just walk away if we come too close. I'm glad for that plan, he's a nice guy. 40 seconds… I take a deep breath and ready myself to run for the Silver Horn... the Cornucopia. It stands tall and strong. Within its mouth lie all the things I need to survive, and to fight. How ironic such spoils of life will likely leave several dead within the horn itself. I can't lie, as determined as I am I feel scared. 30 seconds… I made sure to do as badly as I could in training. Not bad enough it seemed unbelievable, but just bad enough that people won't see me as much of anything. Just another random girl from Nine. Not worth seeking out and going out of one's way to attack. Nobody saw me do much. I acted dumb to the Gamemakers... and I only really trained once the other Tributes were asleep. Amazing how the Training Center is never locked up, even in the dead of the night. People feel I have no chance of winning, or even surviving the first fifteen minutes. Not like that brute from Two, the one who acts like such a killing machine. His odds, his power, his desire to kill us all. Where is he now? 20 seconds… There he is. He's on his pedestal that is almost directly in front of the Cornucopia. He is positioned to run and more than ready to kill. He seems to give threatening glares to the Tributes who are nearest him. He's eighteen, full of muscle, well fed… a perfect specimen, I think one of my Prep Team had idly called him. Careers like him almost always win the Games. Not this year! I don't think so! 15 seconds… Readying myself to run, I reach into the pocket of my bottle green jacket. It's a nice outfit I have, supplied for the Games of course. The shade of green is lovely to look at and, in this Arena, it'll help me blend in just a bit better. But what I am more focused on now is the object I hold in my hand. the object that holds my biggest advantage. My trump card. Every Tribute has a token, something to remind them of home and what they will return to... or more likely, never see again except as their lives flash before their eyes upon death. Sometimes it's a ball, or a small doll or a badge. You know, that kind of thing. Mine however... well, it's a rock. Just a rock. Ok, I guess I'd be lying to you if I said that. On one hand it really is a rock and not outwardly special, unless you count the way it sparkles in the sunlight. But, this rock will be the thing that starts my journey in this Arena and all that will happen within. I close my eyes for a moment, gathering my bearings for what I am about to do. 10 seconds… I think of the orphans back home. I never could allow myself to get attached or close to them. Even so, they looked up to me and I did care about them. 8 seconds… I think of District Nine, and how it's a poor place. I think of the nice people who I am doing it all for. To bring down the Capitol so everybody back home never needs to live another day in fear ever again. 6 seconds… I think of the Careers and how arrogant and kill obsessed they are. Of how they will want to brutalise the two little twelve year olds in this Arena instead of making it quick, and painless. I think of how the Capitol will cheer and scream in delight over this like wild animals. My resolve has hardened. 4 seconds… Holding my rock, I rear back my arm just like I practised. 3 seconds… I throw the rock as hard and far as I can. 2 seconds... It comes to a hard stop on the ground inches from the pedestal the brute from Two stands on. 1 second… Before the countdown has even ended, his mines detonate from the force of the rock. He is killed instantly, his blood and gore splattering around his pedestal and some onto the Tributes nearest him who begun to freak out. Before the Hunger Games have truly began I have just killed the toughest, biggest, baddest Tribute in the Arena. The one who would have caused so much harm and maybe even won. Now his mangled, bloody remains are splattered around. He barely resembles a person anymore. Holy shit, right? I can hardly believe what I have just done, but there we have it. He's dead. Everybody is screaming is shock, alarm, horror and all kinds of other emotions. This has never happened before, an attack before the countdown is over. But I do not listen to that. My heart is pounding, my breath shaky and vomit wanting to escape my mouth. But the countdown has now ended and it's time to make my move! With a battle-cry I charge off of my pedestal and sprint as fast as I possibly can towards the Cornucopia. A very brief look to my left shows that nobody else has moved yet. They are still stunned, in total shock at what they have just witnessed. The girl from Two looks like her brain broke, unable to comprehend what has happened. "That's it, waste time," I murmur as I look back in front of me and charge my way up to the horn. "C'mon Sickle, you know the plan for the Games. Straight in, straight out." And so, I run into the horn. I already have a list in mind of what I need. A big backpack, food, water, a really good weapon. All this, and anything else I can spare a few seconds getting. Thankfully, everything I need is all around me, and nobody is running towards me just yet. I grab the biggest, fattest backpack I can see. The one that lies furthest in the Cornucopia. Slinging it on I grab two daggers and pocket them. A large water container is next and, after stuffing a roll of bandages into my pocket I grab a large, spiked, bladed whip from on top of one of the crates. I have everything I need for now and so it's time to go. I dash out of the Cornucopia just as most of the other Tributes are making a huge rush towards the Silver Horn... and me. I can't afford to get caught in this melee, so I skid a little as I loop around the side of the Cornucopia, running onwards past its tail towards the edge of the clearing, and more importantly the dense forest beyond it. I pant a little as I run. I trained as good as I could, but I am only fourteen and not the most well fed. All the good Capitol food helped me put on some pounds to last me, but I'm still no marathon runner. Thankfully, adrenaline is able to give me the extra push I need to make it through the edge of the clearing and beyond the trees. "Straight in, straight out," I manage to say in satisfaction. "So far, all according to plan." Of course, plans mean nothing if anybody is able to catch up to me and there is no doubt in my mind that they saw where I was running to. I have no doubts the boy from Two's partner is going to have me as her number one target. I saw how good with knives she is. She's crazy and relentless, that one. But then again, so am I! Well