Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games. They belong to Suzanne Collins. Note: Today is a historic day. For the first time ever, I'm writing a fanfiction that is not in the Total Drama fanbase! After really getting into The Hunger Games the past few months, I feel ready to write something about it. And so here we are, a story showing us what may have happened if just one thing had been different in the Bloodbath...what if Cato had been looking away when the District 4 Male ran from the Cornucopia? With him alive, and the story through his POV, how would the story we know change? Guess we're gonna find out! I hope you all enjoy the story. :) Bright sunlight. Just like the sunrise by the sea back home, in District 4. The launch room had been silent, except for Finnick wishing me good luck and telling me to be fast and unseen, but here in the Arena...birds are chirping, some bugs are clicking and a boy the next launch plate down the line is muttering to himself, looking at the ground. Maybe he's planning on jumping for an early death? I'm afraid... How can a place so beautiful be a place of many deaths? ...Because this is the arena for the 74th Annual Hunger Games...and I am in them. Just 12 years old, and reaped to fight to the death against so many others. Nobody volunteered for me. My chest tightens as I shiver. I might be dead in the next hour. Or the next few minutes. I catch a gag in my throat and swallow, trying to keep focused. I can't be scared. Fear won't win sponsors. If I'd even get any that is. Maybe The Capitol could like an underdog? At only 12 years old, with my odds at 15-1...a 12 year old has never won. Never come close either. 60 seconds. The sound effect! Almost made me fall for a moment there. It would be the last thing that I would ever do. 50 seconds. I need to find water quickly. Find fish too if there are any, or any kind of food really. I'm small, and I won't last long without food and drink, not like that large male tribute from District 11. 40 seconds. During the parade, was I noticed? During training, I guess I did ok. An 8, but I was overshadowed by several others. My interview was kinda fun...I guess the Capitol likes people who play up the cuteness? 30 seconds. I can see the District 12 girl eyeing the bow. Maybe being small will make me harder for her to hit? What weapon should I have? Knives...knives could be useful. Much more than a sword too large for me. I did train with them as much as I could. That District 2 girl outmatches me at them though, I just know it. 20 seconds. Allies. They'd protect me! ...And kill me easily when I am not needed anymore. Wait, that District 11 girl...she's 12 too! If I could catch up to her and then talk to her and use the right words...whatever those words are...would she let me speak before attacking? Would anybody? 10 seconds. I wonder what my family think, as they surely watch me on TV right now. Are they covering their eyes, cheering for me...or are they not even watching, and are going to tune in later to try and miss the bloodbath. I know one thing they'd say though. "We believe in you," BANG! I leapt forth off the launch pad and run. I have to get to the Cornucopia quickly, before the serious bloodshed starts! My stance is streamlined, so I'm passing others. The district 12 boy has ran off into the woods, as has the district 11 girl. Maybe I should have too, but I need supplies. Already, the bloodbath has begun. That district 1 boy is stabbing somebody with a sharp blade. A kukri? Ack! Oh, the screams! I can't stop. If I do, I'm dead. At least I can see that Marina has grabbed something and ran. She's a nice girl; she's four years my elder, but we've occasionally gone fishing before back home. If I'm to go home though, she can't. Hopefully somebody else gets her before I have to. All the screaming and yelling...how does The Capitol enjoy this? How do the careers enjoy it? I arrive at the Cornucopia; fights are approaching, and I'm inside. I need to hide, and fast. Behind the crates, it's the only place. Thankfully, being small and one of the youngest here means I can hide in the crevice among the crates without much issue. Now I just have to wait until the fights end, and hope nobody sees me. People are coming and going, fighting and yelling. Back in District 4, it's pretty quiet. The loudest it gets is the sea sometimes becoming stormy, or people cheering when they bring in a bounty of fish. Nothing like this. As I watch the fights, I have to wonder to myself, how many people have died so far? The cannons will not sound until the Bloodbath is over. I'd guess a fair few though. The careers are near. It's that District 1 girl … Glimmer, I think her name is? She's fighting somebody, the boy from District 6. Wait, he's got her on the ground...is a career going to die this early? ...No, no such luck, for the brutish boy of district 2, Cato I think he is called, just killed him. I move back a few inches. I can't let them notice me. A bit of time passes, and I have stayed undiscovered. It seems the screams and fights are stopping, and right now nobody is in the Cornucopia but me. Now is my chance, and I better make it quick...if the Careers come back to start gathering everything, I'm dead. Ok, I need a weapon or two, food and water, something to keep me warm at night...and I have a few seconds to get it all. The large yellow pack looks promising so I grab it and a pack of knives. Nobody behind me, so it's time to run into the woods and get out of here. I almost scream when I see Cato... ...But, he seems to be looking the other way, seeming satisfied as he gazes at all the corpses. My heart is pounding and I feel sick, but I can't stop. If I pause, he may kill me! His machete, it's covered in blood already… I swallow bile and run. I run and run towards the forest as fast I can. I can hear yells behind me, they've noticed me! But, I'm not cornered in the Cornucopia. I'm gonna live! "Marvel! Glimmer! Kill him!" barks Cato, sounding very gruff. "Clove and I will gather the supplies here." I can hear two yells, one in a wild male voice and one sounding feminine and giggly. I don't need to look back to get an idea what their expressions might be like. What I do need to do is RUN ! I may be fast, but I'm not built for marathons. I need to shake them off! I can hear the clanking of weapons and yelling! How close are they? Look later, run now. Pain enters my body. I just tripped over a root. But, as I get back up I see it could have been worse, as a spear has pinned into a tree ahead of me. If I'd not tripped, that would have been through my guts… Should I take the spear? No, it'd take too long to free it and I didn't train with them. I can see some thick bushes ahead of me, so perhaps I can run through those and hide? No time to considerer another plan, as the careers sound very close. "We're gonna get you!" teases Glimmer. Teasing about my death...I feel ill. "Run ankle biter, run fast!" adds Marvel, sounding like this is a game...which to him, I guess it really is. Through the bushes. OW! Down a hill, rolling and tumbling. OW! I grip my supplies and pray the knives will not come loose from the pack and get lost, or worse, stab me. After a fall, with shaky legs and bile ready to come out, I get up and keep running. I can see a burrow under a large tree; I could hide in there. But if I was found, I'd be slaughtered. An idea occurs to me as I duck into it and lay still. I take one knife from the pack, and throw it a distance away. It's not a throwing knife, just a dagger, so it lands with a flop several meters back. Marvel and Glimmer run up, only slightly winded. I hold my breath. My heart feels close to bursting...these two will do just that if they see me. "Think he went that way?" asks Marvel, pointing to the dagger and the bushes beyond it. "Maybe. I wanted to kill him! Now he got away! ...Well, he's not gonna last long, and we've got another dagger. We'll see him in the fallen tonight, even if we do not find him again," decides Glimmer. If Cato had not been looking away when I ran out, she'd be happy to see my corpse, I bet. "We'll come back this way later, just in case." "I hope he survives. I'd like some hunting practise," says Marvel, snickering as he picks up the dagger. "You hear me kid?! We're gonna get you! Ankle Biters don't last long! We're coming this later!" "See ya soon Ankles!" calls Glimmer as she follows Marvel back to where the Cornucopia is located. I don't move for several minutes, maybe even an hour. Eventually though, my breath back, I slowly crawl out from the den and gaze around. All is silent, except the chirping of birds. Animals? Mutts? Not sure which. I then puke. I puke hard. Wheezing, I get back up, wiping my mouth. The Bloodbath is over. "...I just got really lucky," I say to myself as I walk onwards through the forest. BANG! "One." BANG! "Two." BANG! "Three." The cannons keep firing as I stand there, quietly counting them to myself. After a time, they stop and once again birds are the only things I can hear. Ten. Ten cannons. Ten kids have been killed already. I was almost the eleventh. "One in fourteen chance of going home...may the odds be ever in my favour," I say to myself, before running onwards. I'll find a safer location, and plan the next move. (A while later…) I'm alone. But, alive. And hungry. Mostly hungry. I drank like a dog from the river, so I'm not thirsty right now. The area around me is on higher ground, the wonderful river flowing by. I saw birds drink from it, which let me know it was safe to drink from. Bushes and rocks are around, and the gravel is muddy towards the water, but surprisingly sun-baked in the areas beyond. This seems like a good place to set up camp, at least for now. A wind rustles. It's cold, but I know a fire is a red flag to lure people over to kill me. I'll have to make do without one. The sun is lowering, but I think I have time to, well, make something before it gets dark. "Ok, let's see what I managed to get," I say, sitting down on the cliff overlooking the river and setting out all the things I have got. I seriously hope I have something good. I am not disappointed with my supplies. Three knives, one of which is for throwing. A thick sleeping bag. A container half filled with water. Two packs of dried meat. A length of wire. I tear into the meat. All that running...my young body feels awful! But the meat, so good,