HELP NEEDED! STRONG AND WILLING TO WORK LONG HOURS. Read the flyer. It also included the address of the man's house. I took it off the window a walked back to my truck. I sat down and read it again. I really need a job. I am strong. I guess I could go over there and at least see what all he expects me to do. I start my truck up and head on my to Seam. The drive to Seam from Merchant is quite the drive. I glance at the clock as I park my truck in the driveway. It took me about 30 minutes. That's not too bad of a drive if I get the job. I wonder what the man is like. I check the flyer again for a name. So his name is Ash Everdeen. Everdeen, that name sounds familiar. I shake my head, I need to focus on getting this job. I knock on the door. While I wait, I glance around the property. It's a nice little place. The house is smaller than mine, but still a two story. I hear some feet walking behind the door so I turn to face it. A few seconds later a lady, I'm guessing his wife, opens the door. "Can I help you, sir?" she asks. "I'm here to talk to Mr. Everdeen about his flyer. I'm interested in working for him." "Oh! Well come in, mister- what's your name?" "Peeta, Peeta Mellark." "Well come in, Mr. Mellark." she says stepping aside to allow room for me to walk in. "Talk a seat in the couch over there. I'll be right there." I nod in response and take a seat. I glance around the living room. It's small but cozy. The lady came back into the room and sat in a chair across from me. "I'm sorry about the wait, Mr. Mellark. I'm Fern Everdeen. You said you were interested in my husband's job offer?" she tells me. So she is his wife. "Please, just call me Peeta, ma'am. And yes, I'm very interested." "Well, my husband isn't home right now. Usually my daughter would handle all of your questions, but she's out too. I can do my best, but to be honest I don't know as much." "Oh okay. Well I was just wondering what kind of work he'll be wanting me to do and what the salary would be." "Well I'm not sure what all you will have to do. Ash doesn't have the time to keep this place up while he works in the mines. And he refuses to let our oldest daughter do it- well alone at least." "So I'll be working around here everyday? Like fixing the roof and mowing, that kind if stuff?" "Yes, along with feeding the animals, and carrying very heavy bags. But you look like you could handle all of that." she tells me, glancing at my arms. I nod and give her a small smile. I can lift some really heavy things, it can be scary. We talk some more about the job and the pay. It seems like a good job. When we finally finish with most of the details, I head on my way home. She said I could have the job and to be there tomorrow morning at 6. I'm sure I'll be working to at least sundown, so I'm gonna need sleep. She also said not to worry about food, they'll provide all if that. Really, this sounded like a great job. What was I thinking? I've been here 6 hours, and I don't know how I can handle another minute. I have plowed the garden, fed all the animals, fixed part of the roof on the house, and am now digging holes for some post so I can put up a fence. I sigh loudly. This is terrible. Maybe I should quit. "Peeta! Lunch time, come wash up!" I hear Mrs. Everdeen holler. Thank goodness! I'm ready for a break. And boy am I starved. I wave to her so she knows I heard her and place the shovel down. I come into the house and smell fried chicken, green beans, and mashed potatoes. It all smells wonderful. I quickly go to the bathroom and wash up. I come back in and Mrs. Everdeen has me take a seat at the table. Just then a teenaged girl with blonde hair and blue eyes, just like her mother. I smile at her and she quickly comes and takes a seat by me. "Hi! I'm Primrose! You must be Peeta! It's nice to meet you! Daddy said he thinks you're going to do a fine job. How old are you anyway?" she says very quickly, with a smile. "I'm 20 years old. Am I allowed to ask how old you are?" I ask with a smile. "I'm 16! My sister is also 20! But guys are nothing alike. She's so serious and grouchy." "Primrose, stop bothering the poor boy. He just started working here and he probably would like to eat." her mother says. I chuckle quietly and begin to eat. "Peeta, when you finish eating Ash told me to make sure you take an hour break before going back to work." "Yes, ma'am. I'll be sure to remember that." I say with a smile. I finish my lunch and decide to head to the lake for a swim. I'm gonna be stuck in this heat for several more hours, I need to cool down. I get in and take off my shirt. I consider taking my pants off too, but just in case someone sees me, I better leave them on. But I roll them up as far as I can. I sit down on the little deck and stick my feet in the water. The water is perfect. I want to jump in, but I'm not sure what they would think about that. Besides, I don't have any change of clothes. I sit there for a while thinking what I should do. This work is really hard, but I do need the money. It's a nice family, but I don't know if I can handle it. The sound of a splash breaks me out of thought. I look that direction to see what made that noise. I see a head of brown hair come up from the water. The rest of the body stays underwater. I try to think who that might be, but I can't figure out who. Then the person begins to swim towards the bank and I sit there watching. I can tell it's a female by the long hair and her face. She begins to walk outbid the water and I can't help but stare. She has a full swimsuit on, but her figure is still noticeable. She has curves in the right places, and her skin is olive tuned. Whoever she is, she is absolutely gorgeous. She looks my way and makes eye contact. Her eyes go wide and she quickly looks away and grabs her towel. I smile at her shyness. Her eyes looked silver from here. But it was probably the lighting. She wraps a towel around her and storms over to me. She doesn't look happy that I saw her. I swallow. How do I explain to this woman why I was starring at her? "Who are you and what are you doing here?" she demands. "I'm Peeta Mellark. Mr. Everdeen hired me to help around this place. I'm on lunch break and thought it'd be nice to cool down by this lake." "Oh." she says dryly. I look into her eyes and notice that they really are silver. I have never seen silver eyes before. "My turn to ask the question, who are you?" "I'm Katniss Everdeen, my dad is who hired you." she tells me. So this is the mysterious daughter! I can see what Primrose was saying. "Why were you starring at me?" she questions. "Because you are gorgeous and I couldn't help it. I'm sorry if it creeped you out." I say honestly. She blushes deep red. I just grin at her and she blushes more. I've seen her before. Her name is so familiar too. I've met her before, but where? "Have we met before, Katniss?" I ask her. She gives me an annoyed look until she pauses. She looks back up at me. "You do seem familiar. But I don't know where from." she answers. I try to think for a moment. I know I should know this. "Wait. Did we go to school together?" I look at her once again and it all comes back to me. This is the girl I spent my whole childhood in love with. Ever since she sang a song in kindergarden, I've been in love with her. But after we graduated high school, she left. At least we thought she left. We saw here family sometimes, but never her. How could I have forgotten? Oh, we'll she does look different. She defiantly has grown and matured. "Yes, that's it. How could I have forgotten?" I say feeling my cheeks warm. "I remember you now! I didn't even think you noticed me, that's why you probably didn't recognized me. I used to have the biggest crush in you" she says and quickly covers her mouth. Her beautiful grey eyes opening wide. He cheeks the color of roses. I think it's really cute, but I better not say that. "Oh you did? Well you're wrong about me not noticing you, I did. Wanna know something funny? I had the biggest crush on you too. But I didn't think you liked me." I tell her. I'll skip the fact that I fell in love with her, not just crushed. "You-you did?" she asks shyly. I nod my head. We stand there awkwardly for a couple minutes. I glance at my watch and see that my break is almost over. "Well, my break is almost over. Would you by any chance like to go out with me sometime? I know this is so quickly, but hey, 'you only live once'." "Uhh sure. I guess we could. Does tomorrow work for you? I know you're off work since it's Saturday." "Yeah, that would be great. How about the afternoon? Around 12:30? We could get lunch." "Sounds good to me. See you then." she says then turns to walk away. I watch her walk away and sigh. Only one thought is going through my head. I have a date with the miner's daughter. One word can describe our date-amazing. It was simple, but it went well. The only problem was my nerves over the fact that I'm dating my bosses daughter. And the girl I've loved for years. Actually, today on my break, Katniss and I are going out to lake to hang out. "Hey." I hear a female's voice say behind me. I turn around quickly and see Katniss standing there, smiling. "Hey there, good lookin'. You got a boyfriend?" I asks teasingly. She smirks and playfully crosses her arms. "Yes I do, actually. I was on my way to go tell him lunch is ready. Think you could tell him for me?" she says. "I might. But first, you a pretty lady like yourself be willing to help me real quick? I need you to hold this post while I wrap the wire around it." I ask her. She nods her head and walks to the post. With her help, we got down quickly and walked hand-in-hand to her house. Smells like meatloaf today. We wash up and take a seat next to each other at the table. Her mom and Prim soon join us with the food. "So how is that fence coming along, Peeta?" her mother asks. "Pretty well. I'm hoping to get it finished today, or tomorrow morning at the latest." I reply. She smiles and nods her head in approval. "I'm