Disclaimer; Just borrowing the Wizarding World from J.K Rowling for a while. A/N: SS/HG fic. M rated. This is my HP fic so let's see how we go... I 'People in general are emotional creatures. Feeling happy, sad, angry, and scared is normal, and these emotions are part of what makes us human. At times, however, these emotions - particularly the negative ones - can be overwhelming and take on a life of their own. Change, grief, sorrow, heartbreak, and loss can trigger a whole host of unfamiliar and confusing emotions and behaviours. The process trying to overcome these can be so emotionally messy and complicated that some fail to recover from it sufficiently enough to make good choices for themselves.' Dr Hermione Granger knew all of this first hand and she liked to think she had made very good choices for herself. Hermione sat in her office on her 27th birthday, which was also an anniversary of sorts because a year ago she was given access to the very first and only psychologist clinic in wizarding Britain which was based in St Mungo's. It took a lot of hard work to get it there, but get it there she did. Her office was pretty sizeable, it wasn't as big as Harry's at the Ministry, but it was perfect for Hermione. Each of the 4 walls was lined with books from floor to ceiling. She even had a heavy duty rolling library ladder, preferring to find her books the muggle way (and secretly Hermione always wanted one ever since she'd seen Beauty and the Beast as a child). The ceiling was enchanted, just like Hogwarts' ceiling and that carried throughout her clinic. That was the best thing about creating her work space. She was given free reign to make it as comfortable as possible for her patients. Minerva helped her a lot of the time but Filius also nipped in on numerous occasions to help her with the more difficult charms. The room she treated her patients was quite similar to the room of requirement. The idea is that when the patient walks into the room their mood can mix with the magic and create a space that is welcoming and comfortable for them to easily relax in without it being triggering. It worked incredibly well so far. Hermione smiled to herself at the memory when the room transformed into a giant sand pit today. Her 46 year old client (who was related in some way to Professor Sinistra) and Hermione sat for an hour building sand castles while they spoke during their session. That was the kind of thing that room could do. She poured herself a glass of white wine and toasted to herself. "365 days." She kicked off her heels and draped herself over one of the couches she had in her office and looked up into the enchanted ceiling sky, which was beautifully clear tonight. She'd stayed late. Well, she did most nights. Hermione was never in any rush to get home - there was nothing there for her - and although it was her birthday, it made no difference. Her relationship with Ron had gone tits up years ago when she decided to leave the Wizarding world behind for a few years and pursue a career in psychology at a Muggle university. It was the best and the worst experience, really. She'd met some lovely people who really enriched her life for years at a time she needed it but she could never truly be herself and the distance was taking its toll on Ron. She knew in hindsight she'd never really been in love with him - she'd been in love with the thought of him. And in the end it crashed and burned. It was amicable though and Ron had sent her a card today to wish her Happy Birthday. She'd been inundated actually. Her pile of mail grew throughout the day and the elves from the hospital had baked her a cake. Her three favourite elves and her secretary, Alula, had sang (extremely off key) to her on her lunch break. It surprised Hermione that her most grand gift had come from the Malfoy's. She'd just completed 8 weeks with Draco. He'd reacted really well to her PTSD treatment and cognitive behavioural therapy and he'd turned out to be a surprisingly thoughtful friend and had bought her a massive bouquet of flowers as a thank you. He had a family of his own now, his daughter Velena was 13 months old. She opened up another card. It was muggle card with a first class stamp and inside was a card which read, 'Today we celebrate the day you left the vagina! Happy Birthday!' Hermione snorted and shook her head. She knew who this was from without even opening it. It was from her closest friend during University, Jules. She was training to be a teacher and they had house shared in Kent for 4 years during their studies and Hermione became friends with her instantly. She was the polar opposite to Hermione. She'd grown up in Sheffield with a thick accent and was a complete salt of the earth character. She accepted that she didn't know Hermione's full story, she accepted that Hermione had a troubled past and had come to university seeking a new life and yet she didn't care. She was so laid back, funny, kind.. Jules was what Hermione needed for 4 years. 'Fucking hell, you old bastard! Remember a few years ago on your birthday we got on the train to London, pub crawled to South Bank, got absolutely shit faced, picked up some drunk wacky fella who kept screaming GOLDEN TRIO at us and got on the back of this rickshaw to St Pancras that we couldn't afford! Wherever you are I hope you're smiling as wide as I am writing this sugar tits. I miss you. Julez xxx' Hermione wiped a tear from a cheek and turned her gaze to the open fire which was glowing and crackling under the night sky of her office, downing the rest of her wine in one large gulp reminiscing about that night with Jules. There was a knock at her door and she turned her attention to her office door which lead out into a corridor where she could come and go without catching the attention of any of the other Mungo's visitors. It was almost 9pm and she rarely had visitors this late. She put her glass down on the coffee table next to her sofa with her cards and flicked her wand to open the door. "Hermione!" It was Poppy Pomfrey, the matron at Hogwarts School. "My darling girl, what on earth are you still doing here on your birthday! I wasn't sure if you'd still be here!" Poppy plodded in. She might be getting on a bit now but she still worked herself down the bone. She held out a carefully wrapped box the size of what Hermione could only compare to Crooks' old cat box. "It's cosy here..." She said, flicking her eyes to Poppy for a second smiling unconvincingly. "Would you like to join me with a glass of wine?" "Oooh, seeing as we're celebrating." Poppy placed Hermione's present on the larger couch and took a seat opposite stretching her legs and shutting her eyes. Hermione handed Poppy a small glass of wine and slumped back onto her couch and eyed the rather large gift sat beside her. "Is that for me?" Poppy opened one eye with faint amusement and tutted, "Silly girl. Open it." "Poppy, you shouldn't have." Poppy waved her hand at her dismissively and closed her eyes again mumbling something Hermione couldn't make out. She set her wine glass down by her feet and started to undo her gift, almost feeling bad for destroying such a well wrapped present. Almost. Throwing the wrapping paper on the floor it revealed a box with a picture of the moon on the side. Almost sensing Hermione's curiosity, "Mood light dear. Saw it in a nicknack shop while I was out in Muggle London last week. The one thing that's always missing from that ceiling of yours." "Poppy this is brilliant!" Within minutes she had it out of its box on her coffee table. "Runs off batteries dear. I trust you know where to get replacements when they run out." "Of course!" Hermione beamed. Poppy sat up and sipped her wine watching Hermione put the batteries that came with it into the base of the light. She flicked it on a moment later and wandlessly dimmed the office lights so that the moon could radiate to full effect. It was a soothing, soft kind of light and you could see the darker craters on the surface of the moon too. Hermione smiled and reached down to retrieve her wine. She knew her new moon light would be yet another object she will spend hours staring at. "I love it Poppy. Thank you so much." Poppy set her glass in her lap watching Hermione as she drank hers. There was always this platonic vibe between them that Hermione always appreciated. It was the closest thing to a maternal relationship she had with her mother. "So, how are things at Hogwarts?" "Much the same, much the same. It feels like we might finally be on even ground at last. Minerva has worked so hard trying to put that school back together and I think she's finally cracked it. All the teachers are in place and seem to be on the same page. The student numbers are back to a steady number and the Ministry have finally got the message about sticking their noses in." "That's a relief," Hermione sighed. "I haven't seen Minerva for the past few weeks but she wrote today and said she'd been fine tuning." "Hermione's eyes drifted to the moon lap and Poppy's followed. "And you don't seem to have stopped..." Poppy pressed slowly. "No.." Hermione hid her grin with her wineglass and took another snip. "You went straight out to Muggle university months after the war ended, 6 years later you come back, working your behind off to get your clinic on the map and you're so completely snowed under that hardly anyone's seen you! We have to hear about you through that blasted rag." "I know." Hermione replied faintly. "Harry thinks I'm a workaholic." "Dear, you still need some time for yourself no matter what you do. Take a week off. You're your own boss! No one's going to begrudge you it." Poppy got up and placed her empty glass on the desk and came over to the sofa and sat next to Hermione, putting her hand over hers. "Hermione, I don't want you getting ill, you know how I'll worry. I know more than most that constantly listening to people's woes will grind you down eventually. We all need to be recharged." Hermione put her glass down too and took both of Poppy's soft hands and squeezed them. "Would you believe me if I said I've been thinking of taking some time off in the next couple of weeks?" This was the truth, Hermione thought. It was healthy after all, to be able to shut down from the world and get lost in her own head for a few days. She just hadn't done that for a while. Poppy raised and eyebrow. "Well, I have. I'm going to visit Harry and Ginny and spend the weekend with a muggle friend of mine. Maybe pick up a new hobby. Lose myself in some acrylic paint and hold up my hair with paintbrushes. How about that?" Hermione winked. "Satisfactory. And what about those?" Poppy said flicking her head towards the giant bouquet of flowers on Hermione's smiled and shook her head. It amused her that Poppy always found such a smooth way into having a boy talk with her but she, yet