Percy grinned as his ship cut through the waves, quickly leaving behind the now slightly less pristine treasure ship slowly sinking into the ocean, its passengers clinging to spare timbers that had been flung from the ship on impact from Percy's broadside cannons. Well, some of the passengers. As one of the most dastardly and swashbuckling pirates on the seven seas, Percy had to eliminate some of the crew of the vessel. He had an image to keep, after all. That, and his crew enjoyed a good plank-walking every now and then. He gripped the wheel as he scanned the horizon, his sea green eyes squinting in the bright sunlight reflected off the azure sea. He chuckled as he congratulated himself on his latest theft. He set the Trident on a southwesterly course towards his secret cove, and released the wheel, reveling in the scent of the salty sea air. "Tyson!" he called, and immediately a massive head popped out from behind a cannon, smeared in soot. Tyson's was Percy's first mate, and his half-brother. As Tyson approached the stern, Percy noticed Tyson absentmindedly itching at the strap that held his eye-patch in place. "Patch bothering you?" Tyson quickly realized what he was doing and sheepishly dropped his hands at his side. "Cord's just a little worn out is all." Percy smiled sympathetically. "Tell ya what," he said. "Next port we drop into, I'll go out and get you the best eye-patch the market has to offer." Tyson's face lit up like a Christmas tree. "Really?!" Percy laughed."Pirate's honor. But now, I need a favor." Tyson regarded him curiously with his one brown eye. "What's that?" Percy guided him to the wheel as he explained. "We're heading home to drop off our treasure that we just picked up, and I have some business to take care of below decks, and I need you to take over for me. Just keep us on course, and we should be fine." Tyson's eye widened. "Does that mean I get to be captain for now?" he asked breathlessly. Percy tossed him his trifold hat, which Tyson grabbed like a lifeline. "With that bad boy on, you are!" Tyson beamed at him. "Aye Aye Percy!" Then he turned and seized the wheel, but was careful not to shift it around too much and took a proud stance. Percy smiled quietly and walked across the ship to the door that led below decks. As Percy made his way through the ship, he nodded at his various crew members, who quickly scurried out of their captain's way. He strolled down to the brig, careful to make sure that no one was following him. Not that anyone would, but he hadn't made his way to the royal navy's number one most wanted pirate by being totally careless. Once he was sure that the coast was clear, he entered the brig and locked the door behind him. He turned and regarded his prisoner with a hooded gaze, masking any emotions he had. She was awake now, regarding him with eyes as grey as the storm fronts that tore the seas asunder in their wake. Her blond hair shone like brushed gold in the low lantern light, dirty as it was. Her face was pretty, one of the prettier that Percy had seen, but contained a reserved look, as if she knew more than she gave away. She looked to be around his age. After a moment of silence, he spoke. "How are you?" he asked, figuring a civil approach was always worth a try. "I know who you are," the girl replied curtly "so you can drop the innocent act." Percy dropped his head and chuckled slowly. So much for civil. "Well, that's hardly fair, seeing as how I don't know how you are." The girl glared at him before speaking again. " You're Captain Perseus Jackson, the most notorious pirate on the seas." Percy gave her a bow. "At your service." She continued to stare at him with her eyes as sharp as daggers. Percy remained unfazed by her obvious disdain and continued. "Well since you know so much about me, then you must know I take no prisoners." Her face quickly lost its haughty appearance and was replaced with an expression that looked to be a mix of curiosity and fear. "T-then what do you want with me? Why did you bring me here?" she stammered out. Percy put on a surprised face. "Ah, not too hateful to ask questions now are we?" he asked mockingly. He paced the area in front of the bars, arms folded behind him. " You see, I knew you were something special when we raided your ship. You, unlike your shipmates, remained calm and tried what you could to resist. Dropping sails and such on my men to slow them down and whatnot. A valiant effort, really, but fruitless nonetheless." The girl eyed him suspiciously. "So what does that have to do with you taking me prisoner?" she asked slowly. Percy stopped his pacing and squatted down in front of her, locking his eyes with hers. "I could use someone with a level head on my crew," he said simply. "And I think you'd be perfect for the job." The girl looked thunderstruck, her mouth hanging agape, as if wanting to say something, but her brain simply couldn't process the idea. However, her jaw quickly snapped shut and she stared at the floor of the brig as if contemplating something. "…..Join you?" she asked after a long while. "I'd rather-" Percy cut her off with an abrupt hand gesture. "The alternative is walking the plank, before you get all indignant." he said flatly. "These waters are shark infested and there's no land within miles of here. You wouldn't last ten minutes. And just as luck would have it, we have an opening for quartermaster, due to a loss in a certain ship battle not too long ago," he continued, eying her accusingly. "Had a tackle block fall on his head." The girl's gaze dropped guiltily. "It's not so bad being a pirate you know, especially as a quartermaster. Better pay and your own cabin." He said softly, trying to reason with her. "Better than a shark's belly, if you ask me." The girl looked up at him then, her eyes full of uncertainty. "How can I trust you? You're a pirate. A criminal." She asked, her voice wavering. Percy grinned knowingly at her. "Oh that's easy. A pirate never lies." She laughed scornfully at that, shaking her head. "Well, you drive a hard bargain captain, but what other choice do I have?" Percy grinned at her again. "Ah, that's the spirit! Now, I'm going to let you out of here. This will be sort of like our first trust exercise. I'm going to open the door, and you're going to go down the hall to the quartermaster's cabin. Second door on the right. You won't try and escape or kill me. Understood?" The girl stood up and nodded. "Understood, Captain Perseus." Percy waved his hand in a dismissive gesture as he fished the key out of his coat pocket. "No need for all of that," he said nonchalantly. "My friends call me Percy." The girl smiled at him. "Percy. Got it." He smiled back. "And I don't believe I ever got your name?" he asked, unlocking the cell door. The girl stepped out of the cell and came close to Percy. "Annabeth. Annabeth Chase." she said softly. Before Percy could even respond, her fist crashed against his jaw, sending him sprawling backwards onto the floor. He scrambled to his feet, wary for another attack, but Annabeth just stood there, smirking at him. "You punched me." he said reproachfully. She rolled her eyes at him. "Obviously," she said, her voice full of poorly concealed satisfaction. "That was for sinking my ship. Plus, the rules didn't say anything about hitting you." He smiled ruefully at her, hand cradling his injured jaw. "Spoken like a true pirate." She winked at him and opened the door. "See you around, Captain." After Percy had made sure there was no lasting damage, he went back up to the main deck and took the wheel back from Tyson, who happily returned his hat and went off to sleep in his hammock. It was late in the evening now, the last edge of the sun quickly disappearing off the horizon as night swept across the sky, exposing the stars twinkling far above. Most of the crew had gone below to sleep, leaving Percy alone with some time to think. He was so deep in thought that when someone said "Surprised you didn't bruise" right next to him, he jumped like he'd been shot. He whirled around and, drawing his cutlass with a sharp hiss, swung at the human form standing at the edge of his vision. The figure shrieked and ducked to avoid his swing, stepping in close so that he couldn't bring the deadly metal blade back around. Unfortunately, Percy's other hand was free, and it caught the figure by the neck of its shirt and he threw the unfortunate body onto the deck, where he held in it place by pointing the tip of his sword at its throat. When Percy realized who was at the end of his sword, he rolled his eyes in annoyance. "Poseidon's underpants, don't you know better than to sneak up on a pirate?" Annabeth, for it was Annabeth that Percy had unwittingly attacked, gulped hard but met Percy's gaze without flinching. "Well I do now," she said dryly. "You're faster than you look." Percy sheathed his sword and helped Annabeth to her feet. "You don't live long as a pirate if you aren't fast." He said flatly. "Why are you up here anyway? Figured you'd be asleep with the rest of the crew." Annabeth raised an eyebrow at him, making him feel as if that was a question to which the answer should have been obvious. "Hard to sleep when you're on a treasure ship to Barcelona and the next thing you know you're a quartermaster for a pirate." Percy shrugged at this. Fair enough, he thought. "Still doesn't explain why you're up here, Chase." he stated pointedly. Annabeth's face took on that calculating look again. "I want to know more about the most feared pirate on the seven seas," she replied. "There's a lot of rumors, and I've been mulling over the fact that a pirate never lies. Figured I'd see how true that is." Percy looked at her thoughtfully. "Alright." he said after a moment's consideration. "But one condition." Annabeth nodded eagerly "Anything!" He smiled at her slyly. "I get to ask you questions too." Annabeth's eager expression drained away to uncertainty. "Uh, well-" He gave a low laugh. "Come on now Annabeth, pirates honor all deals. No backing out now." "Awful lot of rules for a bunch of criminals." Annabeth grumbled, "But I guess there's no harm in it." Percy leaned back against the port-side rail, gesturing for Annabeth to ask. "Well, go on. Ladies first, after all." Annabeth rolled her eyes. "A true gentleman. Alright then, how'd you get into pirating in the first place?" Percy's face lit up with delight. "Ah! An excellent question!" he exclaimed. "You see, I used to own a small fishing boat and lived off the sea. It was a meager existence, but an honest one. I had a small house, with a dock at the end to moor my boat to. One day, a gigantic royal frigate came down my stretch of the sea, and the going was narrow, due to two sheer cliffs on either side of the water. Instead of simply asking me to move my boat, the frigate simply plowed straight through it. Didn't even give a warning or stop. And when I demanded the captain pay for my boat?" Percy paused here, leaning in closer while dropping