Settle by Mottlemoth By half past ten, Harry had realised something was wrong. In the quiet of their rooms, shrouded in shadow and with an empty mug of chamomile tea on the nightstand, there was no good reason he should still be awake. In the morning, he would be making the final push in a year's hard work - he had to give himself the best possible chance. Lying awake wasn't going to help. He shut his exhausted eyes to the bedside clock, forced his head down into the pillow, and told himself to stop worrying. His thoughts whirred on, unimpeded. Harry lay alone, listening to them chatter in the silence. He couldn't help it. Even as he told himself that this was not the night for insomnia, the rest of his brain was busily reciting marking schemes, drafting sample lesson plans, fumbling over the finer points of the curriculum. He did his best to box up the thoughts and put them aside, telling himself sleep was happening now - not revision. Moments later, he was rifling back through the box, hunting for some citation he could only half-remember. Gudgeon 1987? Or Gudgeon 1988? He didn't know. But he knew it could be the difference between a fail and a pass. He should have learnt this by now - should have studied harder - but it was quarter to eleven. It was too late now. He had to sleep. He got up, had a drink of water, and put his head back down to the pillow. Eleven came - then half past. Sleep did not. Twenty-six, Harry thought. Worrying about exams like I'm sixteen again. He shifted onto his side, onto his back and then his front. He flipped the pillow, cast the covers off, retrieved them from the floor and hauled them up around his neck. As citations, dates and marking schemes rioted through his head, his brain shrieked at him that it was almost midnight - almost tomorrow - and they had to sleep, now or never. His whole career rested on his ability to think in the morning. Harry went to the bathroom, confirming that he hadn't needed to go at all, then swapped his tee for a lighter cotton shirt, in case it was the heat. He knew it wasn't. He shuffled to the other side of the bed. It didn't work. The clock ticked on. As Harry opened his desperate eyes, and saw that it was three minutes to twelve, he knew he had ruined his life. He might as well call the exam board right now, and tell him to tear up his application. He was clearly unfit to teach. Ten past twelve. It would be one AM soon. Harry covered his face with his hands. Two hours, and not more than a minute of sleep. He'd have to see all their disappointed faces - Ron, Hermione, Mrs Weasley - all the people who loved him. He'd have to tell them he wasn't going to be a teacher after all. He couldn't bear it. One thing we haven't tried , he thought. Did he dare? He'd done everything he could to avoid it - that one face he couldn't bring himself to disappoint. Two hours ago - more than that, in fact - he'd been put to bed with camomile tea, a murmured reassurance, and a warning not to be up for long. It was now the next calendar day. Dawn was edging its way closer, and he was no nearer to sleep than he'd been two hours ago. He would have to risk it. He couldn't think what else to do. He needed comfort; there was only one place he would find it. Defeated, Harry pushed back the crumpled bed covers. He slid his feet out of bed. The floor beneath was hard stone and cold, no warmer for the worn layer of carpet. Harry sat on the edge of the bed and rubbed his sore eyes with the heels of his hands, hoping he was doing the right thing. The clock ticked loudly in the silence. He left the bedroom, swaying a little as he walked. His brain ached from lack of sleep. He padded through the empty lounge, barefoot and exhausted, towards the feeble promise of candlelight beyond. The door of the office stood ajar. The man he needed was marking at the desk - grey shirt-sleeves, black coffee, a single candle illuminating a stack of sixth-year essays. Harry watched through the open door, nervous, as the slender green quill hovered over a paragraph, crossed something out with a quick scratch and added something new. The ink shone like spilled blood in the candle's flame. Severus sighed, took a long drink of coffee, and continued to read. Harry steadied himself with a breath. He pressed an anxious hand on the door. It creaked as it opened, far louder than he'd hoped. Severus turned from the desk in surprise. "Harry." He shot a concerned look at the clock on the wall. "It's past midnight. Why on earth are you still awake?" "I - can't sleep..." Harry pushed his hands up through his hair, unsurprised to find it already spiked on end. "I'm sorry, I just - keep thinking... then I'm thinking about how I'm thinking… then I think about that ..." Severus put aside the quill. "This won't do… your exam is in the morning. You haven't worked this hard for a year to scupper your chances now." "I know," Harry managed, his throat cracking. He covered his blurry eyes with his hands. "I know, I'm sorry - I just - … I can't - ..." "Hush… we need to remedy this." Severus stood up from the desk, put an arm around him, and steered him from the office. "Tell me you haven't been lying awake all this time." Harry mumbled his apologies, weak; Severus guided him through their rooms. He didn't care where they were going. His head was ringing like a bell and the morning was lurching closer with every minute. He needed to stop thinking. It didn't matter how. In the lounge, Severus guided him to the old armchair by the fireplace. Harry stared down at his hands as Severus knelt before him on the Axminster rug. "Look at me," came the quiet insistence. Harry lifted his eyes, too tired to resist. The black eyes softened as they considered him. Their edge of disapproval ebbed away. Severus reached out to cup his jaw, stroking his cheek with a thumb. Harry's eyes fluttered shut. "You are very capable," his lover murmured. "That isn't praise. It is a fact. I do not say it lightly. You know you've prepared as much as you can." "But - why can't I sleep ? I just - ..." "Because you care about the outcome," Severus said. "Because you want it to go well." He ran his fingertips up Harry's neck, into his hair. The coolness of the touch took the breath from Harry's lungs. It felt like being blessed - that perfectly soothing, gentle touch, full of clarity and calm. The teaching degree had been Severus's idea. Rolanda - Madam Hooch - had been talking about early retirement, seeing some more of the world. She would need a successor. Harry couldn't think of anywhere he'd rather spend his life. He just had to get over this last hurdle - this final exam. If only he could sleep. "No more thinking," Severus murmured. "No more caring. There's nothing to be done now but to sleep and wait for the morning." Harry let out a long breath. "That's - easier said than done." Severus was regarding him with quiet pity. "I know." He paused, then leant close. His lips gently brushed over Harry's. It was a question. In reply, Harry caught Severus's mouth with his own. They kissed slowly, softly, in the dark. Harry shivered, starting to let go. The first gentle flash of tongue made his stomach twist. He pushed a little nearer to Severus, rewarded as cool hands came to stroke his sides, rumpling the cotton of his shirt. His breath hitched at the contact. The hands found their way beneath the fabric, stroking him with long, idle caresses, and his heart began to beat a little faster. He didn't dare ask. Even as Severus pulled him closer, deepening the kiss, he was too nervous to say. He didn't need to. His lover, petting his back, murmured against his mouth, "Shall I settle you?" Harry quivered, aroused at once. It was the voice. Nothing offered in that voice would fail to turn him one. "I - … that would - probably help." He felt Severus's lips curve against his own. The older man's hands, deft and gentle, found their way to his buttons and began to undo them. Harry's stomach curled. "Please," he managed, voice tight. Severus hushed him with a kiss. His lover's tongue eased between his lips, slow and firm, as tender fingers coaxed their way downwards from button to button. Harry began to shiver, colour flaring across his face. He fumbled to push his hands beneath the grey shirt, desperate to feel skin - chest - Severus's warmth. As he found it, his lover let out a breathy groan and pulled him nearer, stirring into the exploratory caresses. Harry's pulse-rate spiked. He raked his hands over Severus's chest, weak, marvelling all over again over the feel of the man he loved. Their kiss broke; Severus dipped his head to Harry's throat. At the first hot-breathed kiss, the first lick, Harry knew he'd die if this stopped. He'd never needed anything so much in his life. Severus's hands were stroking up his sides now, over his chest, up onto his shoulders, relieving him of the pajama shirt. He wriggled out of it, shivering. As the cotton came free from his arms, he wrapped them around Severus, gripping the older man's shoulders hard. His lover's breath hitched. The kisses sharpened, gentle bites that fogged Harry's vision into blurs. A hand caressed its way down over his stomach. "Please," he begged. As Severus cupped him, massaging his swelling cock with a slow and practiced ease, Harry's eyes rolled back into his head. "Oh - fuck..." "Couch?" Severus's voice came soft in his ear, dark as velvet and unendingly tender. "Or bed?" Harry's heart pounded at the choice. His body didn't want to wait the journey to another room; but his brain had only one desperate need. It had needed it for hours. "Bed," he decided. His lover gave a low hum of ascent. "Bed." Severus's arms encircled him, gathering him up from the couch. "Hold tight." Harry did. As he was carried to the bedroom, Severus murmured against the corner of his jaw. "What can I do to relax you?" Harry bit down at his lip. Severus could read out a grocery list and turn people on. "Tell me," his lover hushed as they crossed the threshold into the bedroom, nuzzling the tip of his nose over Harry's earlobe. "Whatever you wish… whatever you need." "God, Severus." Harry swallowed, shivering, and tangled his fingers in his lover's hair. "I want - … take me. Please." "Take you, mm…?" "Please - ..." He wanted to be fucked; he couldn't say it. He wanted Severus to coax him onto his back, lie between his thighs - gentle fingers, warm oil - wanted that impossible pressure, the white-hot stretch, his lover's weight protective and gentle on top of him - the tight spiral as Severus's prick nuzzled its way inside, turning his vision to stars, filling him, making him forget sleep even existed. He wanted to grind his head back into the pillow and pant and plead. He wanted to feel his own cock trapped between them, hard, beating out the rhythm of his heart as his lover completed him. He didn't have to say it. Severus knew. The look in his eyes said it all. He