Stephenie Meyer owns all things Twilight. No copyright infringement is intended. Beta'd by HollettLA. Here we go! This is the first chapter of the time jump...obviously. I'm really excited. It's almost as if I'm introducing NEW characters, but they're not new. They're the same QS/WTS crew you all know and love, only they've gotten older. *squee* Yup. I'm THAT excited. Oh, and please reward me with reviews. I'm hoping this story hits 10k before it ends. (shrug) It'd just be nice. HUGE thank you once again! Thanks for reading, reviewing, sharing your kind words and thoughts, and being a LARGE part of this story. OK. Here we go... Welcome to part three of the Storm Series! Sixteen Years Later . . . "Riders on the Storm" Chapter One: Bella I n all my years and days so far, I can honestly say that today has been the most stressful. At my ripe old age, I should be sipping strawberry daiquiris on a beach down in Florida, but I'm not. Since nine this morning, I've been to the bridal shop, the florist, the caterers, the wedding hall, and the bank. I think I'll have done more today by dinnertime than I did all last week. Hiring a wedding planner was a total waste of time. If you want something done fast and correctly, you have to do it yourself and throw around a bunch of cash. Worse for wear, I collapsed in a chair across from my husband. "I'm pooped." He sighed, wearing a shit-eating grin. "You wanted a big wedding." In no mood, I gave that sexy fucker my middle finger. "Oh!" he shouted. "You promise?" Raising a brow, I raised my skirt too. "You have to do all the work . . . have at me." I winked, internally hoping he would have his way with me. Lord knew I needed it—to unwind, relax, numb my brain. Edward chuckled, standing and coming out from around his desk. "Get on your knees." He reached for his belt. I giggled, slouching down and licking my lips—anticipating whatever might come, hopefully me! And just as my skirt was close to my waist, the door burst open. "You put Aunt Lauren next to Uncle Aro?" Kylie came in with the seating chart. "They fight all the time, and Aunt Lisa hates her. They can't sit together." She didn't even notice me cover up. I sighed. "So, put Uncle Aro and Aunt Lisa at our table . . . next to Uncle Carlisle and Aunt Alex. It's no big deal, Ky… People only sit in their assigned seats for the actual meal, which is pretty brief." "You don't get it." I threw my hands into the air. "What don't I get?" I asked her. My daughter gave me a glare and stormed out of the room. "Fucking brat," I whispered. "Doesn't she know how much this is costing us?" My voice started to rise and I turned in the chair, toward the door, hoping she'd hear me. "How much work I put into it? Forget about her not talking to me all summer . . . I don't even know what I've done besides support her. Or is that a crime?" My head whipped back to my husband. Edward laughed because he didn't want her getting married in the first place. Our daughter is three months shy of turning nineteen. Apparently, she's in love, and age doesn't matter. Of course, my husband is less than enthused about our daughter's fiancé's age. He's twenty-five and used to be Edward's driver. So, yeah . . . it's been World War Three in this house ever since we caught Kylie and Joe Jr. sneaking around. It supposedly started when she came home from her senior prom. Kylie and her then-boyfriend broke up that night—right at the prom. Joe drove her to the school and back, and they "connected" or something like that. Since Kylie doesn't talk to me, she chose to speak to Joe about her heartache instead, and, voilà, they've been together since. The man my daughter chose to marry is like her father in some ways—in trade alone, actually. Funny how my daughter and husband really don't get along these days, yet she chose a man that's kind of like her daddy to marry. I'm no Freud or . . . anyone, but that strikes me as odd. Nevertheless, young Joe came and asked for Kylie's hand. You'd think Edward would have had him killed or something, but no. Not yet. Edward knows Joe, and so Edward can control him. As long as Joe works for the Skip, Edward has an "in" into controlling Kylie's life. That, and what I said, "The hell we know is better than the hell we don't". What comes to mind, with how Edward is acting, is what happened with Alex and Ronnie—Mr. Baldassari pushing his daughter onto Carlisle. It's the opposite. Edward doesn't want Kylie to marry anyone, but having his daughter with one of his puppets ensures that the Skip will also be pulling her strings. Luckily, it worked out for Alex and Carlisle. Sadly, she did miscarry—actually started bleeding two days after their wedding and needed a D&C, but ten months later she got pregnant again. They had a boy and named him Edward— they snatched up that family name after confirming with us that we weren't having any more children. It wasn't easy for her, though. Like me, Alex had problems where impregnation was concerned. Well, to clarify, my problem was actually staying pregnant. Then four years ago—in a last attempt, one final hurrah because Carlisle thinks he's too old, even though Alex still has quite a few years at her disposal—she was inseminated and wound up pregnant with twins. They're identical boys—Blaze and Ronald—and they look like little angels. They resemble Alex more than Carlisle, but they have behavioral issues—ADHD—and I've realized that Alex is a fucking saint, along with being a moron for a while at the beginning. She didn't want them on medication, until she came to her senses. Or, truthfully, just couldn't take her badass, hyper kids anymore and wanted to jump out a window. They're good now. The happy couple bought a new house—a castle—a few blocks away from us fifteen years ago. All is good, or so I hear. My friend learned a long time ago that it's better to leave people wondering than be the topic of gossip. She stopped gushing about her wonderful husband a few years ago. Hanna is a socialite, who's still living off her daddy. She has a bachelor's in business but hasn't put it to use yet. Carli is getting her master's in Art History and works at a gallery in SoHo part-time. She's living this artsy, Bohemian lifestyle, yet has a loft that costs an arm and a leg in the Village—with Daddy's help, of course. Anthony is attending Hunter College in the city, studying Liberal Arts until he gets his shit together. Little Edward started the tenth grade this year. He goes to the same Catholic high school Kylie did. So, their match worked out, but I couldn't say the same for Kylie and Joe. And is Alex really happy? She's taken up shopping like I suggested, and she never went back to work like I predicted. Truth be told, Carlisle went back to not coming home as often when the twins turned three. He says he's busy, working and whatnot, but he's not fooling anyone. "You still feeling kinky?" Edward jerked his chin to me. "Gonna give it up?" I scoffed at nothing and dragged my tired ass out of his office. Having two hours to myself until the rehearsal dinner, I decided to take a long bath in the Jacuzzi. "Mom?" Kylie let herself in. "Christ!" I shouted at her. "Can't I have a minute?" She didn't care. "Which dress?" She held two up for me. "The blue one." I selected that because it's less revealing. The shit our youngest chooses to wear nearly gives Edward a heart attack. He's all over that, too—teaching young Joe how to be the man of the house, trying to teach him how to dictate. It's not like it'll make a difference to Kylie. Our daughter never had freedom, not like her brothers. My husband—her father—is a total hypocrite. Although spoiled, she never had it easy growing up in this house. Edward still treats her like she's seven. It's sad to say, but that may be why she's so quick to run away. She has multiple options, though. She has the world at her disposal, so who the fuck knows? I don't see anything special about Joe, and I can't stand his mother—Marissa. She smirked, staring at the skimpy one. "The black one it is." My daughter can be an asshole. What can I say, though? She still acts like a fucking teenager because she is one. I never wanted this to be a big wedding in the first place, or, really, for the wedding to happen at all. The only thing I said was that we have to do it up because people will talk if we—the Cullens—don't. We might as well do it right if we're doing it at all. All of which meant we had to spend beaucoup bucks and make it this huge extravaganza. It's total bullshit. At first, I thought she was pregnant. She's not—thank God, but… It still confounds me. "Come sit for a minute." My tone was low. "I don't have time for your Girl, Interrupted today." She sneered, actually fucking sneered at me. "What's that supposed to mean?" "I don't wanna talk." She turned from me. "Please," I begged. "Watch where you're going—" Kylie almost bumped into her father on the way out. "Excuse me?" Edward shouted, because these days he only has one volume—loud. "Sorry, Daddy." Ugh. She sounded so damn sweet. "It's okay, angel." And then my husband intruded on my peaceful time. "What?" I asked. He looked behind himself—probably watching Kylie leave our bedroom—and then locked the door. "Thought you might need some help relaxing." He wiggled his brows, kicking off his shoes. I smiled for the first time all day. "The water's still warm." "It's a hot tub." "I know," I said, shaking my head. "I'm just saying." I watched, becoming mesmerized as he undressed in front of me. The years have been so good to my husband—not as good to me, but I work with what I have. Now, since I have no metabolism, I work out, take walks, and I take very good care of my skin. Right now, I'm considering Botox injections, although the expensive wrinkle cream is a godsend. It's the little things in life . . . And at forty-nine, I am still one hot momma. I just don't look as good as my husband, although he'll argue that. He takes really good care of himself, too. Save the gray streaks in his hair, he shows little signs of age and sports a chiseled, muscular chest. "You ready for this?" That conceited fuck was staring in the mirror, not at me. I yawned, but didn't mean to. "You tired?" He scratched his bicep. I didn't even bother answering him as he placed a foot into the tub and winced. "Fuck . . . you weren't lying. My balls are gonna melt off." He slowly eased himself into the water. I sighed, leaning back and staring. Little does he know, I could do this all day. "I love you." Underneath it all, I've been extremely happy to have all my kids under the same roof while the preparations are taking place. And being so happy has made the both of us horny freaks. Maybe having all the kids around made us feel younger—reminded us of all the times we had to sneak around. He smiled, palming my cheek. "It's not too late to get them tickets to Vegas.