Stephenie Meyer owns all things Twilight. No copyright infringement is intended. Beta'd by HollettLA. Banner by FemmeCullen. Summary: He's a cop. She's a student. A missed connection during a traumatic time leaves them both longing, until fate brings them back together again. Edward/Bella. Rated M. Romance, Slight Drama, and Humor. WARNING: Adult themes. You guys know me . . . always trying to make things as realistic as possible. It's 7k words, but it moves FAST! It's not jammed packed with monologue, but actions, things happening. Please do not skim, pay attention, or you might get lost. Idk. LOL. Enjoy! " Offbeat" by SexyLexiCullen Chapter One: Cop and Copper L azily, I sat on the bench and started to button my shirt. It was the beginning of my shift. Being a rookie cop, I had the shift no one wants—the three to eleven p.m. shift, when all the shit goes down. "Love and happiness . . ." My partner Jasper Whitlock danced on over to his locker. He continued to sing as I finished changing. He has this weird obsession with Al Green. I don't question; I like Al Green, too, but it can be too much at times. "It's Monday," I interrupted him. "I hate Mondays." Shutting my locker, I grumbled and double-checked everything on my belt. "It'll be lovely." My partner also has this odd outlook on life. Everything is sunshine and rainbows as soul music plays in the background. "Right." I stared as he shimmied into his uniform. "I'll see you at call." I hurriedly left the locker room. After sitting through a recall of the last patrol, Jasper and I headed to our RMP—the squad car. I walked and he sort of danced over. I've only been his partner for six months, and it was getting so tiring—all that enthusiasm. I had to admit that he was a great cop, though, an excellent partner as well. Never in my life will I bet against his instincts. He's taught me a lot, like, staying silent during our first round about the neighborhood we patrol. We like to take in the scene—get a feel for what we'll be up against during the next few hours. We work at the 78th Precinct in Manhattan. Our jurisdiction spans thirty city blocks, but our immediate sector is only about eight. We share the space with Hale and McCarty—Emmett and Rosalie—who are total cowboys. Those two are always forgetting about procedure, always sitting on their radios and disappearing. They stay off the radar, knowing Jasper will respond to any call we get. But as soon as something good gets called out—a robbery in progress, anything involving a weapon—they're the first to try and beat us there, so they can bank all the credit. Cowboys . . . When I first started, I thought I was a police officer—someone to commandeer the law and get the bad guys off the streets. Jasper was quick to inform me that we're actually problem solvers. There's no job too big or too small for us to handle. I'm stuck in the middle—halfway—thinking we solve problems. And we do all the things I believed cops to do as well, such as, keeping the peace, enforcing the law, and making arrests . . . Basic policing procedures. "How's Maria?" I asked, after we had been driving around for a while. His grin straightened into a tight line. "Uh, we broke up over the weekend—no big deal." "Oh." I nodded. "That sucks . . . shit." Looking out the window, I saw some dude snatch this lady's purse. "Pull over!" I shouted. The brakes screeched as we came to a halt; meanwhile, I was almost out of the car already. I heard the sirens blaring behind me as I took off for the perp. The lady was knocked onto the sidewalk, and I actually hopped over her. I'll worry about her later, although I hoped she wasn't dead. I wanted to return her things. The guy hadn't made me yet. He was still running, and then he ran behind a building. He turned, and I ran faster. I almost missed the sonofabitch because he stopped to rummage through it. Angry and not able to process that he came to a stop, I tackled him to the ground. "Don't hit me!" He let go of the purse and went to crawl away. "I'm not—" I wrangled him closer, reaching for my cuffs. "Don't hit me!" "Shut up!" I snapped, rising to my feet while I pulled him up as well. "What was she, eighty?" I asked, slapping my handcuffs on him. "Just—" He paused, at a loss for words. "This economy is shit." I started to pull him toward the street. "I'm sure you can find a better day job." Jasper laughed, having pulled up onto the curb. "Purse snatching—whatta classic!" I sighed, still reading Fucko his Miranda Rights before I shoved him into the back. "Watch your head!" Jasper must have called EMS—an ambulance—since they were already attending to the old lady. The large bus was parked right behind our RMP. "Dude, where's the purse?" Jasper asked. "Fuck!" I winced, cringing as I jogged behind the building to retrieve the bag. The handbag was still on the ground. I was happy. It would be just my luck that some other thief would have stolen it. "What's your name, ma'am?" Jasper asked the lady. "Francesca." She pushed Mike's, the paramedic, hand away. "I'm fine. I'll call my doctor." "Last name?" Jasper tried again. "None-ya." This old broad had a sense of humor. "Thanks for getting my stuff back." She nodded and winked in my direction. "But I don't care for cops." Jazz continued to smile. "Can you make it easy on us?" "Blood pressure's good—130 over 80," Mike said to Ben, his partner. "I told you—" Francesca started again, just as there was banging behind us. The guy in the back was knocking his head into the car's window. "Cut it out!" I shouted. "I gotta piss!" I rolled my eyes, turning back to Francesca. "Sweetheart." I bent low to wink and try my charm. "We still gotta do some paperwork. Can we please get your last name?" "Hips are good, ankles are fine—" Mike was still assessing. "Stop touching me! My doctor will come." "You have a doctor who makes house calls—in this city?" Ben looked surprised. "Francesca," Jasper tried getting her attention. "Palmieri—P-a-l-m-i-e-r-i—and my Ralphie, my son, always takes care of me." She beamed back at Jasper. My partner raised a brow, looking from the car and back to Mrs. Palmieri. "Ralphie Palmieri is your son?" I laughed, looking at the car, too. "He most certainly is." She seemed proud. After taking Mrs. Palmieri's statement and wishing her well, we went to the station to drop off Fucko. Before we left the car, Jasper stared at him. We both did, highly amused. "Do you know who you just robbed?" He quirked a brow. I was still laughing and trying to hide it. "What do I care?" Fucko replied. "That was Ralphie Palmieri's mother, you moron—" His eyes widened in shock, his face ghostly pale suddenly. "The mobster? Ralphie Palmieri, the mobster?" Fucko was panicking now. Jasper and I both chuckled as we booked him. Then we had a cup of coffee, used the rest rooms, and right before we were going to leave, Chuck at the desk received a call. "She's not pressing charges," he said, unlocking the cell. "What?" Adam, previously known as Fucko, gripped the bars tightly. "You guys can't let me go, man. Can't—he'll get me. I didn't mean it—" "Save it." Jasper pried his fingers loose and pushed him out. "I have names . . . That liquor store robbery? Where that clerk got shot? I know who did it." He rushed out. "I'll tell you. Just let me stay." Now he wanted to stay locked up to avoid a mobster. Jasper and I exchanged a look. "The robbery?" Detective Serrano happened to hear our guy. "He's all yours," I said, giving him a nudge and walking away. "Cullen—Whitlock. I got a call." Chuck hollered. "Come'ere and take it." He waved a piece of paper, shoveling a donut into his mouth. Jasper was still too busy, engrossed by detective work—still too chickenshit to take the exam. He lingered by the desks, trying overhear whatever our perp told Det. Serrano. "Whitlock!" I widened my arms. He nodded, coming toward the front desk. "What do we got?" I looked down to the address that was given, rapidly walking out to the car. "The M15 bus stop on 92nd—harassment." I shrugged. "Let's do this." We hopped into the car, turning on the lights and sirens. We got there in no time, and nothing looked out of the ordinary. The bus stop was empty, except for a young blonde. "Officers!" She sprinted the few feet to us. I stopped her by holding onto her forearms. She practically fell into my lap as I exited the car. "Slow down." Then she started to speak a million words per minute. She was frightened and looked about eighteen. "Relax," Jasper said, taking her from me to get some facts. "I need you calm down and tell us what happened." She took in a large breath. " . . . this guy was staring at me. He hangs around the library on 91st, where I go. He is just always staring at me. Like just now. I was standing at the bus stop, and he kept looking. Then he came over and just started talking to me—he asked for my phone number." "Are you sure he just wasn't trying to ask you out on a date?" I asked. She shook her head no. "Look, I am not an idiot. He knew things. He knew my name, m-my class schedule—when the bus came, I didn't get on it, so he didn't either, and then he kept talking—asking me to marry him. I got scared, so . . . I called you." She slumped her shoulders. "Ma'am, did he make any threatening statements, suggest he was going to hurt you?" I asked, ready to take notes with my pen and paper. "N-no . . . but he knows everything about me." Jasper looked up and down the block. "Where is he now? Is he still around?" She shook her head no. "He saw you guys coming. He left toward Third—" She pointed. "So . . . can you arrest him or something?" "I'm sorry, but it doesn't sound like he broke any laws," I said. "Wait!" she yelled. "He-he can just harass me like that—find out everything about me? About my family?" Jasper and I exchanged another look. "You say he was heading uptown on Third?" Jasper asked. "Yeah." She nodded. "Do you know his name?" My pen was still ready. "No, but he's old—looks about thirty." She shrugged. Jasper's face fell, and I hid my grin. My partner just turned thirty a few weeks back. "He had blond hair—it was long, and he wore it in a ponytail. He also wore a blue suit, and, and he carried one of those marble notebooks, which he's always writing things down in." Jasper nodded, jerking his head to the street. "We'll see if we can find him," I assured her. "We can't arrest him, but we can let him know that his affections are…unwarranted." I smiled. She frowned. "Thanks." Her gaze stayed on the sidewalk as she shifted her backpack. "You're OK," I reminded her. "We gotta go . . . what was your name again?" I knew she didn't give it. "Jessica Stanley." I waved, backing up to enter the car. Jessica slid into the bus stop, peering up and down the street. "Do you think she was serious?" I clicked my seatbelt in place. Jasper blew out a breath. "We'll find out." We took off in the direction we were instructed to, driving