I tried to improve it! so here it is! hope you like it and please review! i do not own hunger games or any of its characters. I was standing in a line of girls all around my age. We were at the reaping of district 4. All the girls looked scared because there was a chance that their name was going to be called, I didn't mind. I wanted to be called, and if I wasn't I was going to volunteer. I wasn't scared because I wanted to win for my father. He was a fishermen, and because of the Capitol he is now dead. I want to prove that the Capitol won't beat me, and that I will triumph. When I found out why my dad was killed I asked finnick to help me train for the games. He always turned me down but I was persistent. He finally gave in and taught me everything he knew. I'm now 16 and I'm ready for the games. I looked up to the stage where a weird looking woman was coming up to the microphone. She tapped it several times before speaking. "Hello district 4! I'm Philiet Oarcona! And I will be your districts escort this year!" I noticed that her skin tone was slightly pink, not like blushing pink but like literally pink! Her short blue and pink hair cropped her face that had a massive amount of makeup on. "Now I welcome you to the 74th annual hunger games reaping! May the odds be ever in your favor. But before we choose our tributes we have a video clip straight from the Capitol! Oh how exciting!" The video began to play showing the dark days when district 13 rebelled against the Capitol and how they made the hunger games just to keep the districts in line. The clip was finally over and the woman named Philiet came back on the stage. "I just love watching that!" She chirped. "And now time to select our district 4 tributes! First the lady." My heart was beating a little faster than usual. She walks over to a clear glass bowl that contains many names of the females In Our district from the ages of 12 to 18. I clenched the fabric of the dress finnick brought me. The woman stuck her pale pink hand into the bowl and picked a rectangular piece if paper and unfolded it. There was a large smile on the woman's face. "Lindsey Park!" She yelled. That wasn't my name. I looked around the sea of girls until I saw a girl around 13 walking up to the stage. She looked utterly terrified. "Come on up dear." Philiet made the young girl stand beside her. "Now would anyone like to Volunteer?" The young girl known as Lindsey looked around the crowd To see if anybody would. I walked out to the open isle. "I Volunteer!" I spoke in a confident voice. Lindsey looked relieved and happy. She got off the stage and I replaced her spot next to Philiet. "What is your name dear?" She put the microphone close to my mouth. "Leona Soulheart." I spoke in a monotone voice. "Fantastic! Now onto the young men!" She went to a bowl on the other side of the stage and picked another piece of paper. "Ryker Kennedy?" She once again chirped out the name as if she was calling a bingo number. I looked over to the boys side and saw a tall male around 17 come up. He was very handsome I won't deny that. He had a smug grin on his face obviously determined to win this thing too. "Any volunteers?" There was a silence. She continued to speak again. "Lady's and gentlemen! Our district 4 tributes! Shake hands." The last part she whispered to us. I looked over to shake Rykers hand, he had his hand out and I shook it. Philiet led us into the justice building and peacekeepers led us into separate rooms. Obviously for visitors, but I had nobody. No friends because I was always to busy training with finnick. Everybody always thought i was odd, nobady wanted to talk to me while i was in school or the orphanage. i was the outcast that sat alone just waiting for a peacekeeper to take me out of this room. Once the peackeeper went into the room that i was in, he took me out and I was led into a car out side of the justice building along with Ryker and Philiet. She kept blabbing about who knows what. I looked out my window and saw the car take us to the train station. We were quickly bombarded with cameras in our faces but peacekeepers made sure we got onto the train. Philiet told Ryker and I to have a seat on the couches that were in one of the train cars. We took our seats and waited for Philiet to come back with finnick, our mentor. "Ahh Leo! Nice to see you again!" Finnick sat down across from me. "Nice to see you again too finny." I called him by his nickname, It kinda bothered him a little and I always teased him about it. He rolled his eyes "Anyways, districts 1,2,3 are already here. The train has to pick up the rest of the tributes so it's going to take a while before we actually get to the Capitol. You guys will also be apart of the careers pack, if you see districts 1 & 2, don't show weaknesses. You can tell who they are by how intimidating and ignorant they are." He finished giving us a quick run-down of things and after he was done we ate lunch. I tasted almost everything on the table considering I almost always eat fish. Everything was so good! I've never tasted food and sweets like this before. After I finished stuffing my face I decided to take a quick tour of the train. I headed to what was called the bar car which was a train compartment with a bar (duh) with various drinks. I looked around the room and noticed four people talking but stopped when they noticed me come in. I walked over to the bar to where the Avox was standing ready to serve anybody's drinks. The four people were two girls and two boys. One girl was short with a scowl on her face with dark black hair. The other girl was absolutely stunning, I could already tell she was a snooty stuck up bitch. One of the boys was slender and tall with sandy colored hair. The last boy was- holy mother of panem! He was the most beautiful and sexy guy I have ever seen. He was tall and fit, So fit that you can see his muscular figure through his semi tight t-shirt. He had perfect features and everything. He was just smirking at me. I told the Avox what I wanted and he gave it to me. The group of four still hasn't said anything since I walked in. I grabbed my drink and sat on a small arm chair. The blonde stunning girl came up to me. "Excuse me?" She didn't sound polite at all. She crossed her arms across her chest. "You need to leave, Like now. " She sounded more unfriendly every word she spoke. Guess these people are careers. Dont show weakness! They also fit finnicks description perfectly! This girl isn't intimidating though... Oh well. I just grinned up at her. "Look honey, that's not going to happen." I refused to let her think that she was better than me, she didn't intimidate me at all. I took a sip from my drink still looking up at her. Her glare increased. She walked over to her group again and they started to whisper. Except for the tall muscular blonde boy who was still looking at me with his smirk still etched into his perfect face. His icy blue eyes staring into my deep strange silver ones. I guess they decided to go somewhere else because the short girl and the sandy hair colored boy left only leaving the blonde girl and the stunning blonde guy. "Lets go Cato." the blonde girl tugged at his arm. "I think I'll stay and have another drink." She groaned and left. The guy named Cato got another drink and came and sat across from me. "What district are you from?" He sounded eager to know. "District 4." I was straight forward and to the point. He smirked even a bigger smirk if that was possible. "If you're good enough you can be with us careers." He leaned back into the chair taking a drink from the cup in his hands. "Oh you're a career?" I feel kinda dumb asking that question because he already said he was a career. "Don't answer that." I added. He just laughed a little knowing why I said what I did. "I'm Cato district 2." He took the last drink of his cup. "Leona. You already know I'm district 4." He gets up to put his empty cup on the bar table. "Nice to meet ya." He just winked and left. What was that about? Is he always that friendly? I shrugged it off and just went to go into my room. Once I found it i entered to only be amazed at the size. I laid down on my bed trying to think how everything's going to go in the games. I'm going to win. Only me. After sometime of watching panem tv I was called to go to dinner by Philiet. I entered the diner car and saw that Ryker,Finnick, and Philiet had already started eating. "So nice of you to join us Leo!" Finnick was talking with his mouthful. How did this immature ass win the hunger games? That will remain a mystery to me. Finnick won the games on the 65th hunger games. Most women drool over him but not me. I can't say he's not handsome, but I don't sit and stare at him like some crazed hormonal teenage girl. Like Philiet is doing right now. I sit down across from him next to Ryker. I started filling my plate but not as much as I got for lunch. "I met the careers today." I said while stuffing a piece of bread into my mouth. Finnick almost chocked on some chicken he was chewing. "Whoa you alright there finny?" I teased. "What happened?!" He finally swallowed the chicken. "Well, I entered the bar car to get something to drink and they were in there. It was two girls and two boys. They seemed bothered when I went in there, I sat down on one of the arm chairs drinking my drink when the blonde girl comes up to me and tells me to leave." I paused. "Please tell me you left." Was what Philiet said snapping out of the Finnick daze she was just in. "Of course not! I told her that was not going to happen and she seemed really bothered so she went back and told the other three something and two of them left leaving the blonde girl and a blonde guy. She was being annoying for them to leave but he said he was getting another drink and the girl left. The guys name was Cato and he wouldn't stop staring at me, Or smirking." Finnick still eager to know the rest. "He sat down across from me asking me what district I was from, I told him and he said that if I was good enough that I could be with the careers. He introduced him self and he is from district 2. That's pretty much it." I continued eating while finnick just sat there sorta wide eyed. "This could be good or it could be bad." He rubbed his temples and took a deep breath. "Okay. Well im