FAGE Six Pack Title: Lost Freedom Written for: Cruiz FanFiction/cruiz107 Written By: cloemarrie Rating: M Beta: Lia Jane Summary/Prompt used: Bella incarcerated. She was an ordinary girl from an ordinary town living life to the fullest with her husband by her side. What happens when all that is taken from her by a fatal mistake and she's on the run? From behind bars she tells the story of that fateful night many years ago. If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. My name is Isabella Marie Masen and I'm incarcerated for attempted murder. I have no visitors. I'm alone sitting thinking about the past; the past that I've destroyed. I used to be a good person, someone capable of love, but love is what landed me here in the first place. Over the years I've shed many tears for lost freedom, futures shattered, love lost, families broken, and friends confused. That's what I regret the most; letting him manipulate me. I've also thought over what happened that fateful night many times and it came to one conclusion: I never should have pulled that trigger. I have never spoken a word to anyone about that unfortunate night, aside from Jacob. *Flashback* From the first moment I saw Edward, I only had eyes for him. It was freshmen year. We became fast friends. A week later I met his sister Alice. Edward and Emmett - my brother - quickly became friends, too. We were just a bunch of kids hanging out and living life to the fullest. Emmett was with Jasper's sister, Rosalie. Jasper had been dating Edward's sister, Alice, while I was dating Edward. Edward and I started dating our sophomore year. It was our first kiss...ever: Christmas Eve under the mistletoe. We were inseparable after that. We would double date with Emmett and Rosalie; mostly to the movies. When Jasper and Alice started dating they would join us. Edward was my life and love. At times we'd sneak away from school just to spend that time wrapped in each others arms. And at times, he would sneak into my room and I'd spend the night in the comfort of his arms. One time he snuck into my window and we began kissing. He tried to take my top off. I was nervous, so I stopped his hands. "I'm sorry. I'm not ready," I said, fearing he was going to get mad or upset. Surprisingly, he didn't. He said, "It's ok. I have no problem with waiting until you're ready." He was understanding and was content with just cuddling and kissing. He said he would be satisfied with waiting until I was ready to go further. We went to every dance together, like normal couples. We'd dance so close to the slow songs but sat down and talked during the fast ones. During our junior year we'd go to every football game because my brother was on the team. We loved the atmosphere the games permitted. Then there was the prom and prom night. He'd gotten a room that night but I told him I still wasn't ready. He spent the night in the room while I went home to bed. We weren't upset at each other, he just told me he got the room and didn't want to waste it. The next day the rumors started. People were saying Edward got the room for him and his new girlfriend. Some said he was with Jessica and Lauren that night. Even though we didn't spend that time together, I believed him when he told me he spent the night alone. *End Flashback* "Time for cell clean out," Jane, the lady guard, announced. I stepped out, as I usually did, during cell clean out. I'm not stupid I know what they're looking for. They want to make sure you don't have any type of drugs or weapons in your cell. Of course, I never have any and most of the other ladies don't. But on occasion they do find inappropriate things in a few of the other cells. I'm in enough trouble; why would I take that chance? No thanks! "Cells are clear, ladies. In you go," Jane instructed as she ushered us back in. *Flashback* Senior year dawned a new age and with it came new experiences. Rosalie talked me into trying out for the cheerleading squad and I made the team. Edward decided to join the football team. Jessica was also on the squad but I didn't think anything of it. Edward and I still attended every dance together. We did our regular routine of sneaking off together as well. When the senior prom arrived we got a room and made an appearance at the dance but around eleven we snuck off and went to our room where we made love for the first time. It was amazing! Unfortunately, a week before graduation I found out I was pregnant. I was scared. I told Edward first and surprisingly he didn't get mad. In fact, he was happy about it. I told Emmett; he threatened Edward but wasn't too upset. I told the rest of our gang who were very happy for us. Graduation dawned a beautiful but dull day. It was the day I'd been dreading; the day I had to tell Charlie about my little surprise. If that wasn't bad enough, Jasper and Alice broke up that morning after two years of dating. They were still friends though. I just thought they'd get married after we graduated. They were so much in love and were inseparable. Alice never told me anything but I guess they hadn't been in love for sometime. That night after graduation, I finally told Charlie I was pregnant. He was beyond pissed and kicked me out of the house. I had no other place to go. I expected it since Charlie and I had never gotten along. Edward told me he had a one bedroom apartment his parents had gotten him for a graduation present. I moved in with him right away. That night he took me out to a nice dinner and proposed to me. We planned on a fall wedding. It would happen before I gave birth to a little boy; Peter James Masen. A year and a half after little Peter was born, we welcomed a baby girl into the world; Daisy Mae Masen. *End Flashback* "Shower time," Jane ordered as she rushed us to the shower room. Sometimes I hate showering with these women. Some actually watch you shower. I miss my children so much it hurts. I haven't seen them in five years. Emmett and Rosalie were awarded custody of the children since Edward was left in a comma. You may ask how I know this? Well, I got a letter from Emmett shortly after my arrest. He informed me that Edward's parents didn't want the children because, "We raised our children, we can't raise his." I was appalled by that. I thought they loved Edward. Nonetheless, I'm glad Emmett and Rose are raising them. At least they'll be raised right. I finished showering, dried off, and got dressed as Jane came back to escort us to the cafeteria for lunch. This place is too noisy but I deal with it just to stay out of trouble. There have been quite a few fights throughout the five years since my arrest and some of them resulted in stabbings and killings. Scared the hell out of me only because the guards would come in with tasers. After lunch we were ushered back to our cells. "In you go," Jane said. *Flashback* Things started going downhill after the kids were born. He became very controlling. I was not allowed to work, leave the house, or have friends but despite how he felt about me having friends, I kept in touch with Jacob. Jacob and I have been best friends since we were in diapers. We'd do just about everything together; make castles on First Beach, race our bikes, hang out with the guys, and do our homework together. At one point he had feelings for me but he understood how I felt, he was more like a brother to me. Every time I'd mention me working he'd yell at me or worse. He'd go through my phone to make sure I didn't have texts or calls from numbers he didn't know or old friends. It was hell. He would do as he pleased, though. He'd go out with his buddies and stay out all hours of the night while I stayed home with the children worrying about his whereabouts. Those were the times I'd text Jacob. I never kept anything from him. He tried, on many occasions, to get me to leave Edward but I couldn't. I didn't want the children growing up without a father; even if he was bad. And I was still in love with him. Sometimes I missed my old life, my old friends. I hadn't seen them in four years, aside from Jacob. I saw him while Edward was out of town. Jake came over with his new girlfriend. When I opened the door, I was a bit taken aback to see Alice. Apparently, Jake and Alice had been dating for the past two years but kept their relationship a secret from Edward. After the shock wore off, I was happy for them. We talked about different things; mostly about our old friends and the past. I'd asked about Jasper, who, as it turned out, was with Angela. I'd even asked about Emmett and Rosalie. They had a couple of kids and were happily married. They told me that Charlie and Emmett didn't get along very much anymore because Emmett refused to talk to him. Charlie apparently called Rosalie a whore and their kids demon spawns and said they weren't his grandkids. Understandably, it pissed Emmett off. I had missed so much over the years, it hurt. I missed everyone. *End Flashback* "Dinner time," Jane said, ushering us down to the dining hall. I ate in silence, as usual, waiting for the time we had to go back to our cells but unfortunately some chick decided to stab someone as we were getting ready to head back. I was shaking as the guards fired their taser guns at the woman. An hour later we were back in our cells on lockdown. Great, I thought sarcastically. *Flashback* As I mentioned before I missed a lot the five years Edward and I were married and I'd had it. I was through sacrificing for him. Edward had called saying he'd be late for dinner and not to wait up. Well that wasn't going to cut it. I decided to go look for him, but had to call a babysitter first. I called Rosalie. " Rosalie's phone," my brother answered. I just rolled my eyes. "Hey Em do you think you and Rose can come over and watch Pete and Dais for a bit please?" I asked. " Of course we can but what's wrong? I mean, I haven't heard from you since last year." He sounded hurt. "I'll explain when you two get here," I said and hung up. Fifteen minutes later they showed up. "Now what the hell is going on Isabella Marie?" he demanded. I sighed and told them everything that had been happening; about his cheating, his abuse, and controlling. By the time I had finished explaining it all to him and Rose, they looked murderous. "I'm going to kill that mother fucker!" Em fumed. "No! Em let me deal with it. Trust me," I said, walking to the door. When I got outside and shut the door behind me, I checked my purse for my baby. My baby is a Smith and Wesson .38