. Chapter One Welcome to the War "Papa's not home!" A four-year-old Fleur Ysabelle stood before an ornate fireplace and stomped her foot as she glared at her mother. Behind the little girl, a hand-carved clock, old and spell-dependent to keep proper time, sat on the mantel ticking away the seconds. Against it rested the girl's favorite picture of Papa chasing her around the room. Whenever he caught her, he'd toss her high into the air as she squealed with delight. Then, he would ease her down, and the chase began all over again. Fleur folded her arms together and huffed. "Maman, where is he?" Her mother laid the paperback book she'd been reading on the coffee table. "Patience, I'm sure he didn't forget." "But the big hand is passed the twelve! And he promised!" The corner of Maman's lips twitched. "Your Papa has a very important job that makes him late sometimes. I'm sure he'll be here soon enough . . . And don't cross your arms like that, or you'll wrinkle your dress." The little girl's face twisted in horror. She had been so careful! Fleur raced across the room to a three-pane mirror hanging on a paneled wall. Maman was right! She tried flattening the dress, but each attempt made it worse. Fleur stomped her foot again, and tears welled in frustration until Maman knelt next to her. "I've often tried stomping my foot when I was mad at Papa, but it never helped." She winked, then passed her wand over the dress to remove the creases. Fleur traced a finger along her mother's high cheekbones as the older Veela worked and wondered why Papa always kissed her there before he left home. "Finished." Maman put away her wand. "Now, be careful so you don't do it again, okay?" In the mirror, Fleur inspected her mother's handiwork and noticed the little pink flower stitched below her neckline. "I hope Papa likes it." Later that evening, a familiar green light brightened their fireplace. Fleur jumped off the couch and raced to the green flames, but stopped short. A stranger stepped out of the floo, towering above her. He met her gaze with sad, deep-set eyes under pepper hair. Fleur's heart clutched in fear as he turned towards her mother. "Madame Ysabelle," his solemn tone resonated, "I have terrible news. This afternoon, Death Eaters attacked the Ministry. Your husband saved many lives, but . . ." "No!" Maman gasped. Fleur's chest squeezed in fear. "Where's Papa? I want to see my Papa!" Slowly, the man shook his head, aging as he opened his mouth. "Your husband lost his life protecting the Veela dignitaries." Fear became loss, weighted in lead, and it bottomed in Fleur's stomach. "He promised. Papa said we would go—" "I'm sorry," answered the Ministry Worker. Years of heavy burden now bent his back, and his voice cracked with newfound age. "So very sorry." Fleur ran into her sobbing mother's arms. "Papa can't be gone! He promised to come home tonight!" she protested, but the reality of his death was too real. Never again would she see him, or get to show him her new, pink-flowered dress, or watch him cheer her on as she faced a dragon in the Tri-Wizard tournament . . . Wait, a dragon? "Papa!" Seventeen-year-old Fleur Isabelle Delacour shot into the night air. Her bedsheets cinched against her chest, yanking her back to the mattress with a thump. She pulled at them to free herself, but lost her grip and backhanded something on her nightstand, knocking it to the floor. "Damn it!" She rubbed her now-throbbing hand and unraveled the sheets, then found her wand and lit her room's lamps. On the floor, a downed glass leaked the remnants of a healing potion. Not that she needed it; Viktor's Cruciatus Curse lacked any long-term effects, although it was spectacularly painful when she suffered under it. Next to the glass, a clock read half-past eleven. A few sweeps of her wand cleared the spill. Fleur dropped the wand on the nightstand and settled in bed again, pulling her sheets up under her chin. Her heart continued to race from the haunted dreams, but at least they were better than her frequent nightmares. In those, wizards in silver masks and black robes forced her to watch as they circled in on Papa, killing him slowly, painfully. Fleur decided to ignore those thoughts and instead, focused on the evening's earlier events: Viktor had cast the Cruciatus Curse on her, himself under a professor's—a fake professor's, she corrected herself, Imperius Curse, which had cleared the way for Harry Potter to take the cup. She closed her eyes. When Harry had returned, he was broken, bleeding, with the cup dangling from one hand and Cedric dead in the other. Rumors about what happened earlier that evening were rampant; what outlandish, ignorant tales they were, too. One had Harry killing Cedric to win the tournament. Another had tonight's task ending with a duel to the death. A third—this one whispered the most among Beauxbatons students—proposed Hogwarts had faked Cedric's death for publicity. Mon Dieu , were people ever stupid! At least she had caught snippets from Dumbledore. Death Eaters, she heard him say. If he were right, if those black-robed nightmares were back . . . Fleur's skin prickled. Her entire life, she had dreamed of making them pay for her Papa's death. There would be no guarantee she would live, nor would it necessarily be worth suffering through even if she did; but . . . But, what if it was? What if it stopped her nightmares? She tried unsuccessfully to fall asleep again but gave it up for a loss in the middle of the night. Fleur needed answers. Well, one answer. Were they back? Really, truly, back? None of the professors wanted to talk about it, particularly at this hour. So, she was stuck, unless . . . Harry! Hogwarts's nurse had kept him in the hospital wing until tomorrow morning. If she could see him, he might tell her! Cold night air swept away any remaining vestiges of sleep as Fleur hurried to the castle. She made her way through its dark corridors before pausing at the thick, wooden doors of the hospital wing. After a moment to gather her courage, she pushed them open and stepped forward . . . Straight into a raging battle. " Everte Statum !" a young wizard bellowed. Orange hues glowed in the air as his spell leaped from Fleur's left to right before shadowed movement produced a blossoming shield. The spell deflected up, cracking half a dozen ceiling tiles. In reply, a wand flashed, and a wispy, purple-colored curse ripped back left, slamming into flesh with a sickening thud. And then, the wand moved again. " Avada —" Fleur needed to hear nothing else. With a sharp stab and flick, a potion-laden table shot into the Killing Curse's path. The collision momentarily lit the room in green. Fleur watched as splinters, glass shards, and liquids peppered the far side of the hospital wing as the wizard cried out in pain. In the fading glow, Fleur noticed a witch crouched behind a weakened Protego Shield, protecting a third person lying in a hospital bed. And then, a voice inside Fleur's head screamed, "Duck!" She dropped, then swallowed against the rising nausea from crushing her breasts against the rough stone floor as a curse streaked overhead, splitting the door with an ear-piercing, Crack ! " Reducto !" " Cyaneus Ignis !" Two spells streaked from the far end and parted the air where the shadow stood a split-second earlier, ripping into a wall. A three-foot section of stone shattered, launching projectiles in several directions amid Blue flames that rained on overturned mattresses, upended tables, and sprawled supplies. Holy hell! Fleur rolled behind the closest bed. She had never seen bluebell flames used offensively before, and whoever that wizard was, his Reducto had little finesse, but the sheer power was impressive. The outline of a wizard rose amid the Bluebell-flame twilight, his wand level, but before he could get off a curse, Fleur snapped off a minor Exploding Spell, hitting the wizard's femur and splintering it. He howled in pain, but kept his feet until a second curse zipped from Fleur's left, striking him in the chest. The power behind the spell sent him sprawling through the air to the stone floor. The back of his head bounced off the ground with a resounding wet slap. In the suddenly quiet room, the heels of the wizard's boots beat a staccato rhythm until they, too, fell silent. "Are you okay?" asked a shaky, female voice. "I . . . Did I kill him?" "I think so," the witch said. "But you saved our lives." More silence. "Is Harry okay?" "He's still asleep. Those potions Madame Pomfrey gave him must be powerful. Did you see who helped us?" "Not really," the wizard answered. Fleur took that as her cue and gathered a trembling breath to announce herself, but the stench of newly released bowels from the dead body caused her to gag. The wizard approached, arm extended and wand pointed at her face. "What are you doing here?" "I came to speak with 'Arry," she answered through robes pulled up over her nose. The outline of young wizard's features hardened in the faint moonlight. "No." He gestured towards the door. "Get out." Caught by surprise at his sudden hostility, she froze. Strong hands yanked Fleur toward the entrance and shoved her from the hospital wing. Her toe caught the broken door, and she tumbled into the hallway. How dare he! Fleur rolled over and glared, but the bloodied face and torn robes of a fourth year caught her short. So, with a concerted effort, she swallowed her anger. "You're 'Arry's friend, no? You helped him pull my little sister from zhe lake." He didn't answer, so she lifted her chin toward the hospital wing. "What 'appened in there?" "What do you think? Durmstrang's headmaster tried to kill Harry." "Professor Karkaroff? Are you sure?" "Bloody right, I'm sure. Madame Pomfrey recognized him right before he hit her with a curse." Something about Karkaroff tickled the recesses of her mind, but she couldn't place it before a flash of flame in the middle of the hall caught her attention. She rose to meet the new threat, side-by-side with the young wizard, whose wand was already pointing down the hall. The light dissipated, leaving a resplendent-robed Dumbledore standing before her, his own wand leveled and ready. A moment passed before he spoke. "I must confess. This was not the welcoming party I expected." Fleur glanced at the boy. "Me neither." Dumbledore lowered his wand. "Where's Professor Karkaroff?" "In there," Harry's friend answered. "Dead." A white brow rose. The headmaster stepped passed them into the hospital wing. Sorry tinged his face when he returned. "Mister Weasley, I assume Harry has you to thank for his protection?" "And Hermione." Then, after a long pause, he gestured to Fleur. "I guess she helped, too." The headmaster turned to her. "It is rather late to be in the castle; may I ask what brought you here?" "I needed to speak with 'Arry about . . . earlier." "I see." Dumbledore stroked his beard, then shifted his gaze back to the boy. "No harm shall befall Harry if we allow Miss Delacour a visit. Please inform your fellow Gryffindor that Miss Delacour desires a peck of time alone with our young friend." The boy hesitated. "He, he was sleeping—" "And now he is awake," Dumbledore interrupted. "It will be okay." "But . . . How do you . . . ?" Although muted by the night's bedevilment, a soft twinkle sprung to life in Dumbledore's eyes. "I am the headmaster; it is my responsibility to bemuse students with such conundrums, even in moments that need—but lack—a certain levity." Harry's friend