A/N: Trying my hand at a Twilight fic. This story starts during the summer before the events of New Moon. It will feature an OC main that will become the eventual love interest of Edward. Sorry to anyone who supports he and Bella but I believe he deserved better. Let me know what you think. Opinions and thoughts are always welcome. Please let me know what you think of the OC too! I love the feedback and appreciate any insight that can be offered : ) The story will be primarily from his perspective, though I might add a few excerpts from Vitalia's POV. * Vitalia (name meaning) – full of life. * Earthshine - a soft, faint glow on the shadowed part of the moon caused by the reflection of sunlight from the Earth. Disclaimer: I do not own the setting or characters from the Twilight saga. They all belong entirely to Stephanie Meyer. I merely borrow for the purpose of creativity ;) I've also used a few references for Edward's experiences in New Moon from PA Lassiter, the brilliant author who wrote the entire saga from his point of view. Vitalia and her family are mine though, so please ask if you are interested in using any of them ;) Earthshine Chapter 1 "First Impression" … " His face contained for me all possibilities of fierceness and sweetness, pride and submissiveness, violence, self-containment. I never saw more in it than I had when I saw it first, because I saw everything then. The whole thing in him that I was going to love, and never catch or explain." -Alice Munro … [ Edward ] Just another day within the many glorious and countless that I'd spent with Bella this summer. The season was almost over, and the thought of what I would soon have to do lingered ever presently in the back of my mind. But I ignored it. I couldn't bear to think on it. Every second with her was precious, and I committed it all to memory. That would be my only reference in the weeks…months… years of darkness to come. I couldn't waste any of the time I still had with her. I got the feeling that she could sense something off about me on the rare occasions I'd even slightly lose myself to my haunting contemplations. But she ignored it too. It was something she didn't want to see. And I couldn't blame her. Neither of us wanted this. ' But it's for the best,' I reminded myself. It seemed I had to be constantly reminded. Again ignoring all those depression-inducing contemplations, I looked over at the beauty beside me. She sat staring out the window as I drove at a frustratingly crawling place. Our hands entwined, I still marveled at her complete comfort in intimate solitude with me. Looking over, she smiled tentatively and I returned it wholeheartedly. Why was there always an air of hesitance about her? I didn't understand. It was as if…she wasn't sure of my intent. Hadn't I made it clear? We pulled into the parking lot of 'Newton's Olympic Outfitters' and I sighed before cutting the engine and reveling in the brief moment before we'd be separate for the next six hours or so. Leaning towards me, she beckoned for a kiss and I conceded. However, anticipating her typical prompt for more, I pulled away and again smiled. "Have a good day; I'll be here at the end of your shift." "Okay," she nodded before unbuckling her belt and stepping out of the car. I watched her make her way inside, greeting Mike Newton on the way. The boy still got on my last nerve, but I tried to be more tolerant of him for Bella's sake. He was one of her friends (for some completely baffling reason!) His thoughts, as always, were clear and annoying. ' She always looks so nice. Even in that baggy uniform. It's been great working with her!' Withholding the urge to jump out of my car and deliver a well-earned punch to his face, I reversed instead and sped away from the parking lot, accelerating quickly. It always felt so glorious to give way to my inherent urge for speed. As I drove, I wondered how I should preoccupy myself with this time away from my beloved. Hunting? There wasn't a specific need for it other than boredom. Maybe Emmett would want to accompany me. Another option was bringing Alice out for the shopping expedition she'd been begging me to take her on. Though she was completely capable of going alone, she preferred to have someone keep her company. I supposed that I might as well. Again I was presented with the wish that Bella was more open to receiving gifts. There were a great many things I would've liked to purchase for her. However, there wasn't any changing her mind about it and so I discarded that thought. Who else could I potentially shop for? A smile crossed my face. Esme, my mother. She always enjoyed little tokens of affection. It would make the trip worthwhile, at least. Pulling down our driveway and into the garage, I nodded to Rosalie as I stepped out of my car. ' Counting the minutes 'til precious Bella gets off?' I smiled to confirm her thought. ' Ugh! You're seriously pathetic.' Deciding to withhold commenting on her unoriginal thoughts, I walked past her and towards the house, where I spotted Alice gathering a bundle of wildflowers. I often came across her doing the most random of things. At least she never got bored. "Edward!" She hollered as soon as she saw me, having already seen what I had planned. Her enthusiasm was entirely visible as she grinned widely and threw out her hands, the flowers falling in a scattered array around her. I chuckled and, after accepting the hug, stepped back before lifting my hand and brushing the colored petals from her hair. "Ready to go?" She nodded before holding up a finger and entering the house. I followed her inside, deciding to greet my father and mother before leaving. They each nodded to me as I heard my sister exchange a quick goodbye with Jasper. A moment later, Alice reappeared and grabbed my hand before pulling me towards the door. I let her lead the way back to the garage, where she opened the passenger door of my Vanquish. Don't get me wrong, I love driving the car, but it isn't exactly as 'covert' as I would prefer. Still, I supposed, since we were going out of town, I might as well take up the opportunity. ' Where are you two going?' I merely waved to Rosalie before sliding into the driver's seat and taking the wheel, already feeling my mounting enthusiasm for the road. I pulled away before glancing over as Alice started sifting through my CDs. Selecting one, she popped it in before turning up the volume and humming along to the familiar song. I watched my speedometer reach the triple digits before scanning the area for any radars. It was clear. Beginning to think over a suitable present for Esme, I concluded that she'd probably like some decorations for her office. From beside me, I could hear Alice's mental list. '… and I need a new pair of shoes to go with those jeans I purchased last month. Hm…black! That'll go with the designs on the back pockets. And then I'll-' Trying my best to tune her out, I instead focused on the instruments and lyrics within the song playing. I drummed my hands almost subconsciously to the beat of it and automatically began translating it into its piano form. I used to do that all the time. I'd hear a song I liked and proceed to play it by ear. It had been awhile since I'd done that. Then a loud thought entered my head, its entrance unexpected. Simultaneously, from around the bend, I saw a set of headlights and the frontend of a blue Camaro. ' Here we go!' The unknown, male voice proclaimed in humor. 'First victim.' "Edward," Alice's eyes grew wide. "Slow down!" "I'm not going to hit him," I complained. She was doubting my abilities. "He's going to veer towards you!" ' Is this guy insane!?' I thought irately. Reluctantly, I eased off the gas pedal as the Camaro pulled into my lane. He was trying to play a game of chicken. I glared through his windshield and the voices from within his car reached me. There were three total. "I'm serious," a woman said in a stern voice. "Stop playing around before you get us killed!" At least someone had some sense. A younger female voice, however, cheered him on. "Don't listen to her, dad, you got this!" They were a family, I mused, led by an extremely irresponsible, paternal figure. He approached swiftly and I held my ground. He had underestimated my speed and, had I ignored Alice and continued without slowing, he might've been seriously injured in trying to avoid me. There was a guard rail and the only way I might've avoided him was through damaging my own car. Something I would not have been happy about. As predicted, he cursed before shifting back into his own lane. I caught his eye as he passed, but he only offered a smirk and a wave. From beside him, the woman rolled her eyes and glared while, in the back seat, their teen daughter shook her head before starting to laugh. I looked away and accelerated forward. I couldn't get over how some people could be so completely impervious to their own fragility. They were often reckless that way. If only that man had known what he was facing off against. "Well," Alice said with a tilt of her head, "that was sort of fun." I just shook my head before deciding to change the subject, "how's your fashion line coming along?" She giggled, "That's like commenting on the weather. Nice aversion tactic." I shrugged, leaving it up to her to continue. And continue she did. For the entire rest of the ride, she detailed all the new design plans she had set up for the fall season. I appreciated the distraction though, uninteresting as it was. We arrived in Port Angeles, and she hopped onto the sidewalk before directing me towards a row of antique shops. I saw in her head all the places she planned to visit. I tried not to focus on the fact that the last time I'd been in this city, I had rescued Bella from a group of criminals. To this day, I could feel the dormant anger brewing in my chest at the knowledge that I had simply let them walk away. My father took care of it, but I would've thoroughly enjoyed destroying them myself. "In here!" Alice called before darting through a set of doors, above which hung a rusty bell. Hanging back, I absently observed a line of paintings on the wall, each one depicting a different scene. There were a few black and white cityscapes, and several brightly colored meadow and ocean depictions. My eyes lowered and lingered on one of a town square, where streams of lighting hung above and a faceless crowd had stopped to observe the couple dancing in the center. A band of musicians were holding a vast array of instruments and the brush strokes had been arranged in wisps to depict the tangible liveliness. I don't know what it was that drew me to the scene, but I almost felt captivated by it. The simplicity was so enormously contrasted by the obvious vivacity. It reminded me of New Orleans, a place always thriving in its nightlife. There was excitement and pleasure, an indulgent thrill of complete abandon. "It's nice." Alice had sidled up beside me while holding a Monet replica that was nearly as large as she was.