AN: For those that have read the one shot version, most of the first part of this chapter will be familiar. The second half is all new. As mentioned on Facebook and Twitter, this is the full version of Crosshairs from the very beginning . There were considerable cuts in the original and scenes I skipped all together to meet requirements for the We Love Mobward Contest. I felt this needed to be written and read in its entirety before we move forward. Thank you for your support and patience. Thanks to all the contest coordinators, judges and readers. Thanks to Midnight Cougar and all her encouragement and help to get this fic written. Chapter One – A Cullen Family Dinner Glancing around the formal dining table, Carlisle Cullen sensed the tension between his sons. While they appeared to be listening to their mother wax on about a problem that arose with the latest renovations she oversaw, the strain between his boys was almost palpable. The Cullen home was immaculate as it was, but Carlisle indulged his wife's every whim —within reason, of course. She was the center of his universe, and she knew it, often using it to her advantage. If she noticed the trouble arising, she ignored it. She learned long ago never to discuss family business at the table. Something she insisted on herself. Jasper, Carlisle's oldest and in position to succeed once he was ready to step down, did his best not to snarl, but it seemed a futile effort. His blue eyes and dark brown hair were inherited from his father, though his temperament was unequivocally from his mother. The deadliest of his three boys, Jasper had always had a deceptively calming presence. He would ease his prey into a sense of security, believing there was nothing amiss in their world. It was then, Jasper would strike, when he or she least expected. Esme would strike on a crumb of information her sons let slip, pulling out details easily with just a twist of her lips and cock of her brow. If she learned one of her boys were interested in a woman, for more than a few rolls in the sheets, she would smoothly transition their dinner conversation about a new car, to one of their love life. Their answers would promptly determine how serious the relationship was and whether it was time for an introduction. Other than Jasper, Edward and Emmett had yet to bring home a woman to meet the family. There was a reason for that: it meant it was serious and marriage was on the horizon. Esme was desperate for grandchildren. By the end of the first meal with Maria, a wedding date had practically been set, even though Jasper had yet to propose. Like mother, like son. Jasper glared at Edward from across the table, his jaw ticking with barely reined in control. Edward, the second of Carlisle's sons, with reddish brown hair and green eyes, like his wife, merely cocked an eyebrow in response to Jasper's silent ire. Edward's jaw was sharper than any of his boys, and after a long day, was covered in dark stubble, giving him a more rugged, dangerous look. While Jasper was the deadliest, Edward was the most cunning and arrogant. For good reason, his looks and intelligence were in high demand. Emmett, the youngest but largest of Carlisle's sons, was built like an ox, much like his great-grandfather. At only twenty-two, he knew better than to get between his older brothers, since he usually regretted it after they took out their anger on him growing up. It made him want to be bigger, faster, and superior in every way. He was quickly moving up the ranks with their security team, and he was already head of security for their current family home. "Whatever has you two poised for attack, I'd put it aside for you mother." Carlisle's words caused everyone to still, none looking at him. "Jasper, your wife is late, again." It was stated as a fact, but also an accusation. Edward's eyebrows rose higher, the smirk disappearing. "Again?" "Shut up, Edward." Jasper's fork clanked hard on his plate. Sunday dinner was mandatory, not solely because Esme Cullen demanded it, but because family was important to them. Family was everything. "She was only late about twenty minutes last time." Esme delicately shrugged, pretending it mattered little that her lone daughter-in-law had disrespected her. Seeing how much it did upset his wife meant it couldn't be ignored. Carlisle turned his darkening eyes toward Jasper, who looked uncomfortable, his usual ease gone. "What is the meaning of her tardiness?" Before Jasper had a chance to reply, he continued. "Your mother works hard to prepare a glorious meal for us, and simply asks to be together as a family once a week. I hardly think that difficult to do, considering we're her only family. Explain to me why your wife of six months is late." Jasper sent one last glare toward Edward. Edward didn't give a chance for Jasper to answer. "For him to explain that…" He looked at his mother, shaking his head. "It may concern business." Esme gasped, Emmett's head snapped up, and Jasper cursed. Carlisle's blood turned to ice, his lips twisting into a cruel smile. "Can it wait, Edward?" "Yes, Sir. But not for long." Jasper kept his head down, but his hand dove into his jacket. "Don't." Carlisle's whispered warning was menacing, and the message clear, when he followed up with a solid pound of his fist on the table. "Felix, disarm my sons now." The sentient guard Carlisle kept nearby nodded, efficiently going around the table, removing guns and knives from Carlisle's sons. Esme spoke up, once the paralyzing fear melted into anger. "Carlisle, I must insist the boys always be disarmed at my table." "Yes, dear." He nodded once Felix completed his task, asking his wife to continue her story, as if nothing had happened. Esme carried on describing the renovation of the garden and pool house, barely keeping her tears from falling. She wasn't aware of every aspect of the family business, something he preferred, but she knew what disloyalty meant. Death. . . . Esme Cullen watched her husband nearly march their sons toward the office where they'd hold an impromptu meeting shortly before dessert was served. Marcus and Garrett arrived to join them for their weekly "card game"—the code they used in case someone was listening. Emmett tagged along, having been inducted into the family business since he was nineteen. She sipped on the coffee her husband imported, after she'd fallen in love with it during their last trip to England. Maria, Jasper's wife, had yet to make an appearance, a first since she'd been introduced almost two years earlier. For months, Esme couldn't figure out why the young woman rubbed her the wrong way. She had no family, and the few friends she had invited to the wedding seemed more like work acquaintances than long-time friendships. Maria had a way of guiding conversations away from her past, focusing instead on the latest fashions or fads. She went from working sixty hours a week to less than twenty, shortly before their engagement was announced. " I want to focus on the wedding, and after, I'd like to return to school." Maria sipped her after-dinner Amaretto as she shared her plans with her soon-to-be mother-in-law. Esme's son had been ecstatic about his betrothed working less hours, since her job often allowed them little time together. He had wanted her to quit all together, but Maria insisted she would not be a kept woman. All that soon changed after their honeymoon. The application for school lay forgotten in some desk upstairs, replaced by various credit applications. Esme couldn't fault the woman—after working hard for so long, it made sense Maria would shop a lot in the beginning— and since her son was happy, that was all that mattered to her. Then the insults started, cleverly disguised as compliments Maria threw like darts at various relatives or friends. She was smart enough to avoid aiming them at Esme's sons or husband, but everyone else was fair game. Maria thrived on gossip, by either spreading it or creating it. Yet, she remained faithful to Jasper, who couldn't have been happier. Something changed between Jasper and his wife in the last month. It was subtle enough Esme only sensed the trouble brewing once or twice. However, it was enough to rouse Edward's suspicions, the cleverest of her boys. Since the day Maria was introduced, Edward made it clear she did not belong in the family. While Maria's extensive background came back clear, Edward persisted she was not to be trusted. It became an unspoken agreement between everyone that no one was to talk business around her. How had Esme missed all the signs? Maria's questions regarding whereabouts of various family members and such started not long after she and Jasper were married. Esme had been so focused on the marriage and future grandchildren, and not on initial instincts, she had passed off the precursors about Maria. Edward didn't allow his suspicions to be deterred. Esme closed her eyes, her temple pounding as anger coursed through her. If Maria's disloyalty proved true, it would crush Jasper. Often seen as the Cullen to fear the most, Jasper was also the one who would break the easiest. He was not meant to bend if he were broken. Instead, he'd shatter. Esme heard the click of heels on her hardwood floors, along with a husky tune as Maria sang and soon joined her in the dining room. "You're late, sweetheart." Esme sipped her coffee, her eyes meeting the dark brown gaze of Jasper's wife. Maria was a stunner, golden tan skin, rich, dark hair that fell to the middle of her back; at five-five, she had curves that made most of the security team take notice. "I'm so sorry, Esme." Maria fluffed her curls, a nervous habit. "I caught up with a friend and we got to talking. I lost track of the time." She dismissively waved away her words. "You know how it is?" She sat in her usual chair, looking around the room. "Are the boys in the card game already?" She made the attempt to get up, holding her cell phone tightly. "Maybe I should say hello and apologize for being late." Esme glanced at Maria, giving her a warm smile that didn't meet her eyes. "Would this be the same friend you caught up with last week?" Maria's full lips twitched into a small smile. "Who? Clarissa? No, this was Giana. She wasn't at the wedding, though. She's someone new from the book club I joined last month." She delivered the lie so perfectly it could've been read from cue cards. Esme noticed Maria seemed unsure of herself, which was not usual for the unflappable Maria. Many women had given Maria hell after learning she'd landed one of the Cullen boys, especially Jasper. She handled the she-wolves with ease and poise. Yet, a simple question had her compulsively looking away from Esme's eyes and fluffing her hair. "Edward received a call during dinner, and apparently, he had something urgent to discuss with his father, so they skipped dessert and started a little early." Maria's dark eyes widened; she even stopped breathing for a couple seconds. "I'm nine weeks pregnant," she blurted out. Esme's nostrils flared, her lips thinning as she glared at the young woman. "Is that so?" Though she wasn't aware of the level of disloyalty Maria was accused of, Esme knew when a woman cheated. It was in the twitch of Maria's eye, the slight smudge of lipstick around her lips, and the wrong way she had buttoned her blouse. "Is it my grandchild?" Maria tried for outright anger, rising to her feet in apparent disgust. "How dare you?" Esme waved a hand at Maria's wrongly buttoned