Pen Name: ericastwilight Facebook name: Erica Marroquin Story Title: Crosshairs Summary : In Edward's world, loyalty was the difference between life and death, money often corrupted the purest of souls, and trusting the wrong person could prove deadly. Caught in the crosshairs of love, family, and duty, which would he choose? Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Beta: Midnight Cougar Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. Carlisle Cullen sensed the tension between his sons during dinner, as they half listened to their mother go over issues with renovations. The Cullen home was immaculate, but Carlisle often indulged his wife. She was the center of his universe, which she used to her advantage. If she'd noticed the strain between her sons, she ignored it. She insisted they never discuss family business at the table. Jasper, Carlisle's oldest son, was in position to succeed when he stepped down. Jasper inherited his blue eyes and dark brown hair, though his temperament was unequivocally his mother. The deadliest of his three boys, Jasper had a deceptively calming presence. Striking out at his prey when least expected. Jasper's jaw ticked as he glared at his brother. Edward, the second of Carlisle's sons, with reddish brown hair and green eyes, like his wife, merely sighed in response. His sharp jaw, dark with stubble, gave him a rugged, dangerous look. Edward was cunning and arrogant, too smart for his own good. Emmett, the youngest, was built like an ox. At only twenty-two, he knew better than to get between his brothers. "Whatever has you two angry, put it aside for your mother." Carlisle turned to his eldest. "Your wife is late, again." Sunday dinner was mandatory, because family was everything. "She was only late twenty minutes last time." Esme pretended it didn't matter her sole daughter-in-law disrespected her. Seeing his wife upset meant Carlisle couldn't ignore it. "What is the meaning of her tardiness? Your mother works hard to prepare a family meal for us once a week. It's not a lot to ask." Edward decided to voice the issue. "For him to explain…" He glanced at his mother. "It may concern business." Esme gasped, Emmett's head snapped up, Jasper cursed. Carlisle's blood turned to ice. "I see. We'll discuss this after dinner." Jasper kept his head down, but his hand slipped into his jacket. "Don't." Carlisle pounded his fist on the table. "Felix, disarm my sons now." The bodyguard Carlisle kept nearby removed guns and knives from his sons. Esme's paralyzing fear melted into anger. "Carlisle, I must insist the boys always be disarmed at my table." "Yes, dear." He asked his wife to continue her story, as if nothing happened. Esme carried on, barely keeping her composure. She knew little of the family business, but she knew what disloyalty meant. Death. . . . Six months later Edward Cullen walked into the club, turning heads as usual, but he ignored them. Some brave women waved, earning his hard glare in return. They cowered back as expected. He had no time to deal with their attentions. Jasper's aspirations of taking over when their father stepped down disappeared, leaving Edward to pick up the slack. "I'm sorry, Bro." Emmett stood outside the VIP section. "He's been snorting shit off some bitches—even started fucking one until she said her name wasn't Maria. He pulled a gun on her. I got her outta here, but he wouldn't go home." One of the few rules Carlisle had for his sons was never to use the drugs they moved. It had more control over a person than anything else. "I disarmed him." Edward watched as Demetri waved a wand along the bottom of a table once inside the room. Constant surveillance was essential; between law enforcement and their enemies, they often found bugs. "Hey, Edward." Demetri put a finger to his lips, meaning he found a bug. "Shit." Emmett headed upstairs to look at the video feed for the room. They had to move fast if they wanted to catch who planted the bug, though it was often unlikely. One long, sleek, blue couch sat in the middle of the room, Jasper sitting on one end. With his limp dick out. Jasper grinned. "You gonna keep looking at my cock, little brother?" Edward resisted the urge to roll his eyes, his brother loved to remind him he was younger. "Put your dick away." Jasper did, shrugging. "I want my gun." "Not going to happen." Edward acknowledged his Uncle Garrett sitting at the bar; also noticing the extra security and a few women who regularly hooked up with them and his brothers. Jasper tried standing, unsuccessfully. "Did Emmy snitch on me?" "You tried to shoot a woman you were fucking." Jasper's eyes turned glacial as he stood. "You forget, I already shot a woman I was fucking." "Shut up." Edward looked at Demetri, who motioned it was clear now. "The room wasn't fucking clean." "What the fuck do I care? If I shoot another gold-digging whore, I'd be doing the world a favor." Edward shook his head. "Someone else should've taken care of Maria." Jasper threw a sloppy punch, but Edward caught his brother's wrist, twisting it until Jasper was on his knees. "Don't say her name!" "I will do anything to protect this family." Edward pulled Jasper's arm up his back, but Jasper barely felt it seemed. No doubt the drugs in his system numbed the pain. "If I hadn't exposed she was fucking a cop, we'd be in prison." Edward released and helped Jasper to his feet. "Pull yourself together. Dad called for a meeting." . . . Edward walked past the hostess of Garrett's restaurant, not bothering to address her. The second she caught a glimpse of Garrett, she hastily looked away. She knew better than to question family. "Everyone here?" Edward joined Felix inside the banquet room. Felix was built like a linebacker, with a brown crew cut, and barrel chest. As his father's bodyguard, he'd taken a couple bullets for him, and was considered family. "Just waiting for you." "Let's get started." Carlisle's stone-cold demeanor had all discussion ending as Edward sat down near the head of the table. Edward's Uncle Marcus looked angry; he handled business through several gentlemen's club throughout the city. Carlisle continued. "Someone is killing our girls at the clubs. We thought Becky and Michelle had moved on, but their bodies were discovered. Someone left a message." Carlisle tossed a photo of a clear evidence bag onto the table. Inside the bag was a bloody Ace of Spades card. Alec Rossi, Aro Rossi's second son, was a well-known card shark and local champion. Ace was Alec's call name underground. The Rossi Family had been after Cullen territory for years. A botched police raid of one of the Rossi warehouses ended the life of the eldest son, Marco. Alec believed the Cullens tipped off the police; since then, Alec was determined to destroy the Cullen Empire. Marcus pounded his fist on the table. "Becky was a good girl, almost finished with college. What he did to her body. . ." He choked up. "We take care of our own, but if he kills again, the police will notice." Carlisle nodded. "If I order a hit, it means war." "Make it look like an accident," Edward suggested. Marcus snarled at him. "He needs to suffer." "You're right." Edward looked to his father. "Are they still here?" "They're in Texas eliminating a problem. Call them to come back and ask for a special." Edward turned to Marcus. "Consider it done. Our usual contractors specialize in accidents and torture." Marcus nodded, satisfied. Edward needed to make the call soon. "Anything else?" His father nodded his head. "Some of you are worried about the future when I retire." "Who's questioning the future?" Edward asked. "I am." Garrett kept his eyes on Jasper. "You've become a liability—to yourself, and the family." Edward was afraid of what that meant. Carlisle waved Felix over. "Tell them what you told me." "I had to take Jasper to the Doc when he OD'd last week." Edward cursed. "I relinquish my position as Father's second." Jasper stood, not looking anyone in the eye. "It's for the best. I'm leaving for a rehab center now." Jasper left with two men without another word. By the end of the meeting, Edward had become his father's second, and he had a year to find a wife. . . . "I'm not going to find what I'm looking for here." Edward realized he was wasting time at the club a few months after that fateful meeting. "If you want pussy, there're plenty of women here for that. If you're looking for someone to take home to Mom, then, yeah, you're in the wrong place, Bro." "You surprise me, Emmett. Aren't all women the same to you?" Emmett got around, a lot. "Not after what happened with Jasper and Maria." It pained Edward to know he was one of the reasons his brother was still in rehab. "I'm wasting time. I've never left with any of these ladies before." "I hadn't noticed you never did." And it wasn't for lack of attention. "Why?" Edward gestured toward Larissa, a regular in the VIP room. "She's fucked Marcus, you, and Jasper." "Okay…" "I can connect any woman here to at least two of our people." Emmett grimaced. "Where do you meet your dates ?" "A party or benefit, sometimes a gallery opening. But women here, they know how much I'm worth. I want someone who wants me, not my money." "The only way that's going to happen is if you move and are somebody else." Emmett laughed, noticing how serious Edward became. "I was kidding. Besides, Dad will never go for it. Not with Alec out there." Alec Rossi disappeared after the discovery of the two girls. He knew how to hide, and not even their contractors could locate him. "He'll listen to reason." Emmett groaned, their father visiting the club was never a good thing. "Speaking of Dad." "Edward." Carlisle nodded toward the bar, where they each grabbed a drink. Confirming the room was clear, Edward asked, "Any word?" "Contractors found him, but one of them was hurt badly. Alec got away. They said to give them a few weeks; they'd get the job done." "You did remind them it has to look like an accident?" "They're aware." "About finding a wife…" "You must be engaged or married, Edward." Carlisle shook his head. "Do you remember when your Uncle Caius was head of the family; he was a madman without a companion. The position comes with a heavy burden, Son. You need to have that one person you trust, and who is a soft place to land." "I'm not going to find that here where everyone knows who I am." Carlisle's eyes narrowed. "What are you up to, Edward?" Edward laid it out for his father. He'd leave Chicago, assume another identity, and have less security with him. After arguing for hours, Edward won. A few days later, he drove to Seattle in hopes to find his future bride. . . . " How is it possible you haven't met anyone yet?" Emmett asked over the phone. "I got rid of the luxury car, as you suggested, even toned down what I wore." " I'm guessing you couldn't give up your watches?" Emmett knew Edward loved his watches, often stealing them to piss him off. "One look at my watch, even dressed in old fucking jeans and a plain T-shirt on, they knew I had money." " A watch isn't enough to attract gold diggers, not with your ugly mug? Are you driving the Bugatti?" "My car is on the way home as we speak." " And you're supposedly the smartest one of us. If you're driving one of those cars and wearing expensive watches, what you wear doesn't matter. Where are you searching?"