The Denver Paranormal Society Chapter One — Case No. 186 Case No. : 186 Date: November 14, 2010 Client Name: Rosalie Hale Subject: Client claims that her children have seen a woman in their bedroom. The entity leaves behind wet spots and footprints at the foot of their beds. Ms. Hale is widowed, her husband had been imprisoned due to domestic abuse and later killed in the facility. The children have been the only ones to have seen the entity, yet Ms. Hale has seen some of the water left behind. The sleepless nights of her children have been affecting them deeply. The case has moved up in priority for this reason. Edward Since leaving the office, Bella had been on edge. The drive to Ms. Hale's home was a little over forty miles away, so I hoped to get her to talk to me. Something scared her or made her angry and I was positive it had something to do with me, and possibly the young man with whom she was talking with before I interrupted. I wasn't sure why I was compelled to walk across the street and find out who the man was. Perhaps it was the fact that they looked so comfortable around each other. I was never one to be jealous. However, it was the emotion I felt when I had seen them embrace. "Angel," I whispered, my fingers tightening around the steering wheel. "Please tell me what happened back there." I watched her eyes close as a small sob escaped her. I stomped on the brakes immediately and pulled onto the shoulder. "Edward," she gasped, grabbing the handle above the passenger door. I heard the radio squawk as Emmett complained about my driving skills. I grabbed the radio and talked to the rest of my team. "Go on ahead," I said. "We'll be behind you in the few minutes." "All right, boss," Emmett said, albeit warily. "Don't you think it's a little cold to be getting it on in a car?" I rolled my eyes and refused to reply to his question. I watched the van and two more cars pass us, all filled with members of my team. After a short minute, I turned to Bella and asked my question again. Taking her hand in mine, I played with her fingers and pulled her chin up to meet my eyes. "Please tell me," I said softly. Her bottom lip trembled as tears filled her eyes. "That was Jacob back there." I felt my eyebrows furrow in confusion. "He's dead, Bella," I said flatly, cringing at the sound of my voice. "I wouldn't have been able to see him. Even with Hayley, my own daughter, I wasn't able to see her." She nodded and took my face in her hands. "He walks amongst the living as something else." Whatever he was, it scared her. "Tell me," I pleaded as her lips brushed against mine. I allowed her to linger there, kissing me seemed to alleviate some of the tension between us. "He's an angel of death." "All right," I said cautiously. "You can see him because of your gift." She nodded. "But others wouldn't be able to?" She nodded again as more tears fell from her eyes. "That's why you're upset, because I could see him." "Yes," she said softly. "I was angry that he chose to become this in the first place, but then when I realized you can see him…" Her breaths were coming out in short pants, a panic attack was at the cusp of her awareness. I tried to calm her by taking her in my arms, but it was as if she couldn't hear me. "It was a warning of sorts. He came to let me know that you may die in the next year." Her sobs continued as I pulled her onto my lap, crying against my neck. "I can't lose you," she whispered. "I just can't. It's too soon." "Tell me what he said," I said in the softest voice I could manage. I had to remain strong for her, show her that I wasn't scared. Death wasn't something I feared, it was the thought of leaving her alone that scared me much more. Protection and love was something Bella needed, so that she'd thrive. I had given that to her since she allowed me to love her. I feared what would become of her if I died suddenly. I wouldn't allow that fear to force me to leave, that would only serve to make us suffer needlessly. Through broken sobs, she told me how Jacob's powers worked. In essence, I could die the next day or months from now, or not at all. It was all subjective. "Bella," I said so softly, kissing her gently as she stirred in my arms. "I wasn't the only one that saw you talking to him." She stiffened, and I ran my hands down her back to soothe her. "Jasper and Lauren were the ones that pointed out you talking with Jacob." "Do you know if anyone else saw him?" she asked as she looked up at me. I shook my head. "Three people, the odds are that can't be a coincidence." "What are you thinking?" I asked as I tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. Bella sighed and laid her forehead against mine. "It may be something that happens that will cause all of your deaths at the same time." "We need to talk to the rest of the crew," I said thoughtfully. "We don't have to tell them exactly why, just ask if they saw you talking with someone outside of the office." "Whatever it takes to figure out when or why," she said, her bottom lip trembling again. "Shh," I whispered and took her face in my hands. "We can't live looking over our shoulders everyday, Bella." I kissed her then, for it was something we both needed at the time. "We'll live each day to its fullest as I intended to do with you, before all of this." She nodded. "I love you so much," she said softly. "And I love you," I murmured, kissing her again. "Let's get this case done and we'll see about taking a week long vacation. What do you say?" She smiled then, her tears lingering at the corners of her eyes. "How about we stay somewhere with a big fireplace and it's always quiet?" "Sounds like our house," I said with a laugh. She climbed off my lap and settled in her seat. "Yes," she mumbled. "It's the only place that I know of that still has a feeling of peace filling it." I smiled as I started the car. The house did feel like that, but I knew Hayley wasn't the only reason. Bella filled it with love, since the day I met her. We arrived almost ten minutes after the team arrived and we found them waiting for us just outside of the client's home. I knocked on the driver's side window of the van Emmett was driving. "Has she come out yet?" I asked, looking over my shoulder at the large, gloomy home. It was in a bad state of disrepair and in need of a paint job. "Not yet," Emmett said, lowering his window further. I could see a shiver pass through him, the cold Colorado wind quickly making its way inside the van. "Doesn't look like anyone's home either." "She's home," I said. "I asked her to stay long enough to give me, you and Bella a tour." "Where is she staying tonight?" "At a neighbors with the kids, thankfully." Emmett nodded and rolled up his window to step out. "Fuck, it's cold," he said, zipping up his jacket. "Hope you wore layers since the hub will have to be basement." "Oh right," Emmett said with a grimace. "Put me in the room with the most spiders." I had to laugh at that and clasped his shoulder. "I still don't understand how you're willing to do anything to get something paranormal on video, yet you're scared of little eight-legged creatures." "Don't even joke about spiders," Emmett said, looking horrified and brushed imaginary spiders off this jacket. It'd become a nervous habit of his whenever someone mentioned bugs of any kind to him. I smiled at him as Bella made her way over. "Ready?" she asked, holding out her hand for mine. I was happy to have her with me but I could already see she was nervous. "Do you see something already?" I asked, concerned of what she may have seen. She nodded and gave me a small smile. "It's nothing to do with the case," she said as she looked over my shoulder. "It's just a residual spirit that's lingering along the street." "Cool!" Emmett said, looking around. "Who is it?" Bella smiled and shook her head. "It's a dog," she said, grinning. "He's trying to lick my feet." She started to giggle and bat her hand at her leg. "Dude," Emmett whispered as he watched Bella kneel to talk to air. "The reading on your girlfriend and man's best friend are off the fucking charts." He held out the meter for me to see and it was well above normal. "I wish I had a tennis ball," she said as she stood up and wiped her hands. "He looks like he wants to play." "Does that happen often?" I asked as I took her hand again. She shook her head. "Not really. At least, he's the first I've ever seen." "If you take him in, at least you don't have to worry about feeding him," Emmett said. Bella smacked his shoulder and called him mean. I laughed at them as she lectured him about respect for the dead. I gave a heads up to the rest of the team to start unloading the gear while we took a tour of the home and spoke with Ms. Hale. Once Jasper and his camera were up and ready, we headed toward the house. His sound guy, Ben, had met us here, having lived nearby. "The air is so cold around here," Jasper pointed out. "The river nearby has to be the reason." Emmett nodded and rubbed his gloved hands together. "Yeah, the damn house is in such bad shape, it has to have tons of drafts in it." "Any history with the land and house?" Bella asked as Jasper turned the camera in her direction. Having a camera right behind my shoulder was going to take some getting used to. "Alice and Lauren did a thorough search on its history. The house has been in her family for a long time. Her parents left it to her after their deaths, but they were in debt and Ms. Hale has been forced to pay off their bills to keep the house." "How about the client herself?" Bella inquired, seeming to know exactly what the camera would like to see and hear. I was reluctant to share our findings online, but she was right. We were going to charge a small subscription fee and that would help with expenses. The equipment alone was very expensive, and I had my eye on a few more toys. I had to wonder, though; had Bella done this before? It seemed so natural to her. "Ms. Hale has some bad history. There was a series of domestic violence calls made to the police, and it was only after the last time that she finally decided to press charges against her husband. Well, that's not true," I said thoughtfully. "The DA claimed that he could make a case without her testimony, based on her injuries alone, but she agreed after he convinced her." "So her husband was charged and convicted for assault?" Bella asked, wrapping the scarf around her neck in an attempt to keep warm. I nodded. "He died about eighteen months after he was convicted, killed in a