AN: One of my entries for the Biggest Dick Ever Contest, it won third place in the public vote. Thanks to all those involved in the contest, you've all been amazing and supportive. Thanks to Midnight Cougar for all your help with this monster ;) Beauty Takes on The Beast Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement intended. I looked around my best friend's childhood home, satisfied with the work I'd completed since taking on the job. Emmett Swan had asked me to renovate the home he and his sister had inherited. Em didn't want any memories of their painful past to ruin his baby sister's return, but having his deployment extended longer than expected, he wouldn't be there to welcome her home. It was up to me, and some of our friends, Jasper, Eric, and Tyler, to do that for Emmett. The four of us formed a construction and landscaping company named The Four Horseman Services, and it kept us busy. The company was originally Cullen & Sons Construction; my fraternal grandfather left it and some money to me after he passed. It was the reason I moved from Seattle to Forks in the first place, where the business thrived. I had hired Emmett, Jasper, Eric, and Tyler during the summer before their senior year of high school, and they'd worked alongside me ever since. Emmett planned to rejoin us after he retired from the service, so he'd be close to his family. Emmett always talked about his sister and how smart she was, graduating high school at fourteen when he was barely sixteen. I had moved to the area after college, and Emmett's sister had already left for some fancy school back east. From all the stories Emmett told me, along with some of our friends, she was like a little sister to me, too; even though, we'd never officially met. We all planned to watch out for her while her brother was gone for possibly another three months. My cell phone rang from the clip on my tool belt, answering it with a grunt. I wasn't the social sort. " Morning to you, too." Emmett loved to give me shit for hating to talk on phones. I had no time for bullshit, talking via technology included. "Yeah, yeah, I'm busy. What's up?" I groaned as I rose from my knees, cursing my dick for the tenth time that morning. Installing hardwood floors on my knees and being well-endowed did not mix too well. There was a considerable amount of adjusting involved, and I wasn't even hard or anything. " Please tell me it's not your dick that's up, Edward." Emmett also loved to make fun of my big dick issues. "One time I answered while I was fucking my ex, one time. Are you ever going to let me live it down?" " Be honest, bro. You answered my call knowing she'd get pissed and break up with your ass." It was true, but I wasn't about to admit it. "What do you need?" I had work to do, and I wasn't going to get shit done if I was busy flapping my lips. " How's everything going? You need any more money?" "Everything is on schedule and should be done before she comes home in a couple weeks." I walked over to the kitchen island I installed last month after tearing down the wall between the living room and kitchen, allowing a more open feel to the space. My notes were a mess, but I saw nothing I couldn't handle. As a solid, I wasn't charging Emmett for my labor. Emmett had no clue and would probably bitch about it later. "I'm not over budget yet, so we're good on the money." " I wish I could be there when she gets home." It wasn't hard to miss the longing in Emmett's voice; the man loved and missed his little sister fiercely. He was protective of her, had been all his life. From what Emmett had shared of their childhood, I'd be protective, too. "I'm sure she wishes the same thing, Emmett." I understood. My little sister Rosie was a pain in the ass, but I missed her since she moved away to pursue her dreams in New York. " Just make sure Jake, Peter, and James keep their hands off her." I snorted, agreeing with Emmett, though surprised I wasn't included in the list. I didn't exactly blame the guy; Jake, Peter, and James were grade-A assholes and had enough notches on their bedposts to make them collapse. I was an asshole too, but more like a C+ —not too bad, but not so innocent either. It wasn't too long ago I learned to keep women at dick's length, because most didn't stick around. At least, not for the right reasons. They wanted all my time, my money, but complained non-stop about my work ethics and hours. Construction meant early days and late evenings, sometimes well past dinner to ensure everything was ready for an inspection the next day. Emmett and I ended the call after I promised to take a few pictures of his sister in her newly remodeled kitchen when she arrived. Apparently, the child prodigy loved to cook; the fancy shit though, which was a shame. I liked things simple, none of that froo-froo crap. Give me some meat and potatoes any day of the week. I headed out to the garage, passing the photos on the mantle above the fireplace I brought back to life the previous week, and stopped to examine them more closely. Emmett and Isabella's father, Charlie, died in the line of duty when they were young; after that, their mother seemed to forget they existed. The pictures of Emmett and Bella stopped shortly after their father died. Emmett had to have been ten, his sister only eight at the time; she was a cute, tiny thing. There were more photos, but the rest were of their mother with friends, alone, or with various men. It didn't paint such a nice childhood. I was a lucky bastard when it came to family. My deadbeat biological father disappeared when I was five, but my mother met the best kind of man a couple years later. Carlisle didn't see Rose and me as burdens, and he became our father in every sense of the word. If I were the one coming home for the first time in years, I wouldn't want to see pictures of the woman who pretended I didn't exist until the day she died. I found a box in the garage and removed all the photos of the late Renee Swan, after checking with Emmett, who agreed wholeheartedly. I checked the time and decided to finish the hardwood floor before heading home. The only thing I was looking forward to later, was an empty house, some nuked hot pockets, and some soft-core porn. Or maybe I'd crash in the guest bedroom, so I wouldn't feel so alone. . . . I rolled my shoulders, feeling the tension in them and a headache forming later that night. I needed a massage and a visit to my chiropractor. A chuckle slipped through my lips, laughing at something Jasper said across the table, despite the fact I had no idea what the fucker was saying. My friends somehow convinced me to come by the one bar in Forks for a couple drinks and hot wings . After a twelve-hour workday, my back and knees ached, and being surrounded by people wasn't my idea of a good time. Then again, any social activity was not on my list of favorite things to do. That list only had three things on it: fucking, riding my Harley, and making something out of piles of wood. "How're the renovations coming along?" Eric asked, taking a sip of his beer. "That place was a mess last time Emmett was here." "It really fucking was." I shook my head. "I'm glad I never met Renee because she literally let the house fall apart." Jasper nodded, a cold look coming over his usually vibrant, blue eyes. "She had plenty of insurance money and Charlie's pension. There was no reason for that bullshit. We had some good memories up in the tree house, in the back five acres, until she tore it down so Baby B's friends would stop coming over and bother her." What a bitch, I thought. "Can't believe B's moving back home." Eric chuckled, his smile reaching his light green eyes. "Do you remember that time she stood up to her bully Mike?" Jasper cracked up, his eyes warming once more. "She put Newton in his place. He still hates M&M's." "What did she do?" I asked, my eyes on a cute brunette at the bar. I'd seen her the moment she walked in, fucking gorgeous curves and a terrific smile. She'd laugh at something her friend said, throwing her long waves back, and pushing out her tits. I loved long hair, but hers made me salivate with the need to wrap it around my hand to pull, and to feel it brush down my stomach. The ends skimmed the top of her ass, as she slipped onto the stool and ordered a drink. "Bella filled his car with the candy, like every inch of the interior. He was still finding M&M's two years later." Jasper ran his hand through his shaggy, blond hair, still self-conscious about it. Jasper's last girlfriend gave him so much shit about keeping his hair fashionable and his face freshly shaved. After the relationship ended, he let his hair grow out and grew a beard. He had nothing to worry about, though; with all the tattoos and beard, he had women hanging all over him. Not that Jasper was interested much. He took advantage on occasion, but not like Eric and Tyler. My friends saw a lot more action than I did, only because I had to be choosy. I loved women of all shapes and sizes; the problem was only a select few could handle The Beast. The name was given to my dick in high school after some asshole pantsed me in the middle of the cafeteria in front of most of the students. I still wasn't sure if it was a blessing or a curse that it happened. Braces, glasses, and a too lanky body didn't exactly get any of the girls' attention, before having my dick exposed. After that, I couldn't keep names, numbers, and faces straight. My first time was a disaster; she was a virgin and cried for an hour afterward. Broke up with me soon after, indicating it was "just too big." After that, I didn't even try again until college. Too scared of hurting another girl like poor Becky Gonzales. It hardly helped that she told some of the other girls about The Beast. I took my eyes off the dark-eyed beauty, turning back to my friends. "How did she fill a car with candy?" "She stole Mike's car keys at one point, rigged a paint hopper to spit out the M&Ms while everyone was in a rally in the cafeteria." "Newton is an asshole," I clearly stated. I knew the fucking prick. Mike was a cheapskate, never wanting to pay for work done. Thought he was hot shit, when I knew Mike had a tiny prick. Well, that was according to his wife. She was one of the women who had made it their mission to fuck me. Jessica was easy enough to avoid, but I loathed Mike and refused to work for the couple ever again. The Horsemen being one of the only construction companies in the area, it was Mike's biggest mistake to mess with us; especially, with the money pit he recently purchased. "What did he do to her to deserve that?" I had to know. "Mike kept copying her homework