AN: This was my anonymous entry for the Biggest Dick Ever Contest. It didn't place, but I had so much fun writing it. Thanks to all those invovled in the fun contest and the voters. Thanks to Midnight Cougar for all your help with these trouser monster entries. Larger Than Life I ran the trimmer through my beard, taking off just enough not to look like a mountain man. It was mostly for my girlfriend. Her skin was a bit on the sensitive side, and the inside of her thighs was a little raw from my favorite breakfast—her pussy, breakfast of champions. Well, this champion, at least. I would take down anyone who tried to come between us. I had before, and the fucker regretted it. I wasn't a UFC champion for nothing. The buzz of the trimmer allowed me to tune out Bella's choice of music—it was a Reggaetón day. I didn't mind the vigorous beat, seeing as it usually resulted in my girlfriend dancing. It just wasn't what I listened to, but a dancing Bella always made my day better. "Edward!" Her scream was loud and clear, which had me dropping the trimmer and running to her studio office on the third floor. If someone made her cry, I would find them and kill them with my bare fucking hands. I was protective of my Bella, but I had to be. My girl had no sense of self-preservation, and her heart was too trusting. Considering she was with me was a perfect example. My bare feet pounded on the floor, her office door slamming against the wall as I ran inside. "What is it? Where is he?" Bella looked up from her phone, her wire-rimmed glasses askew, a few dark curls escaping the bun on top of her head. She looked entirely too fuckable. "Huh?" Then she realized what I had done. "Again, Edward?" She walked over to the wall and found a knob-sized hole. "You can't scream like that." It was a reasonable request. She knew I had the need to protect her at all costs. My instinct was to beat the shit out of someone first and ask questions later…if they could answer. She smirked, her lush, full lips tipping up on one side. "You didn't mind my screaming earlier." Her lashes fluttered over her big, whiskey-gold eyes, looking innocent. It made a man like me want to wrap my arms around her and never let go. Which was what I did shortly after meeting her—but that was another story. I hissed at her. "You can't say shit like that. It has consequences." Of the naked kind, which she was well aware of. "Now, why did you scream my name?" "Do you mean why I screamed your name earlier, or just now?" Her hand settled on my chest, her fingers dancing down my torso. The brush of her skin at the waistband of my shorts, combined with the reminder of her screaming my name earlier and the look in her eyes, had me rock-hard instantly. I pinched the bridge of my nose, thankful I had the day off. I was going to fuck the smug look on her face if she kept up her teasing. "Just now, baby." She shoved her phone in my face, and on the screen was a dick. "What the fuck, Bella!" I pushed away her hand, ignoring her giggle. "Why do you have a picture of someone's dick on your phone?" "Some asshole said I needed a real man to take care of my needs." She pretended to gag, rolling her eyes. "I told him that my boyfriend was more than enough to handle my needs, so he sent me that." I grabbed her phone, looking for the owner of the average dick. "This Twitter account is verified. Who is this fucker?" Bella shifted from foot to foot, shrugging. "He's the interviewer from last week. That's why I had originally followed him." "Okay, so why did you call me up here?" Did she want me to handle the asshole? I had no issues with that, but my Bella generally handled her haters/stalkers well, and on her own. She bit her lip, her fingers diving into my shorts. "Whoa! What are you doing?" I had no problem with her touching my cock, but not until I knew what the fuck was going on. Most of the time, at least. "I thought I'd send him a pic of your dick to show him I'm good." She licked her lips and sighed when she wrapped her fingers around my thick cock. "More than good, more like fan-fucking-tastic." I groaned, thrusting my hips farther into her hand. She couldn't even wrap her fingers around my girth—which she tested the first time she met the fucker. My hand settled on her hip, loving the fact she was only in a bikini top and tiny shorts. It was a record high in Seattle. Bella stepped closer, her lips skimming their way up my chest, her tongue teasing my nipple, until she tucked under my chin. Perfect fucking height for me, which she knew I loved. The fact she had me hard for a specific purpose didn't do anything to dissuade me. "If you send the asshole a picture of my dick, he might share it." There was already a picture circulating my cunt of an ex-girlfriend had taken while I was asleep. The bitch lived to regret it, because my lawyers took her to the cleaners. "Worse, claim it's his." She made a face, pouting a little. "I can watermark the shit out of the photo. Or maybe even have a distinct part of me near it." I cocked an eyebrow. "Some watermarks can be removed. And adding anything of you would just give him some credence that it's you in the picture with him." She knew I wouldn't allow for my face to be in the picture. Her pout deepened, her hand still squeezing my cock. "Not if I post it on social media first, even tag him in it." "You want to publicly claim my cock?" I squeezed her hip, my hand slipping to her ass. Fuck, she had the most fuckable, gorgeous, eye-popping ass. The kind a man can sink his teeth into; well, at least, this man. She wasn't called Bubble Butt Bella for nothing. My girlfriend made a shit load of money with her butt lifting exercise videos, and various other YouTube channels, Instagram accounts, and blogs. She had her fingers in a lot of pies, a jack-of-all-trades, and she was famous for a lot of them. If it weren't for her videos, I would've never met her. She shuffled a little on her feet, looking at the floor instead of me. I tipped her chin up, meeting those sexy, whiskey-sin colored eyes. "What is it?" "A lot of my haters don't believe we're together, together." She shrugged, looking away. "That's fucking stupid. I've been arrested because of you." I was charged for assault last year for some asshole pap that tried to put a camera up her dress. The charges were later dropped when a couple of Bella's fans provided video proving what the asshole was trying to do. "We've been seen everywhere." "I know, but you won't pose with me in any of my photos." She was right; I never did. For two reasons: the first, her accounts were public and for modeling and her artwork. I thought they should be about just her. Her level of fame was well above mine; she didn't need to name-drop me. The other reason, I hated all fucking forms of social media. Yes, if it weren't for one of her YouTube videos, my cousin Alice was watching while her husband trained me, I never would've seen Bella's perfect face (and ass) and insisted on finding her. I still hated social media. Bella's hand slipped out of my shorts. "Never mind, I'm being a selfish bitch." I snorted. She wasn't capable of that shit. "If anyone is selfish, it's me, baby." I sighed, wrapping my arms around her, trying to ignore the hard-on in my shorts. "I'll agree to a less nude version of a picture of us, maybe with your hand on it." "They might claim it's just a Pringles can in your shorts." She snickered, smiling again. "But if you're okay with it, yes please." She bounced on her toes and pressed her lips to mine. "Come here." She tugged me to the couch I had moved into her office all by myself, thank you very much. We plopped down onto the cushions, and I slipped an arm around her waist, pulling her to my side. She twisted around, draping her legs across my thighs, rubbing the top of her foot under my growing cock. She smirked. She once told me it was a heady feeling to know what she did to me. Personally, I loved seeing how her confidence barely wavered despite all the bullshit hate she got. If I helped in any way, it was a good day. "How do you want to do this?" I asked, pulling down her curls. I brushed her hair aside, giving me access to her pretty neck. My lips brushed along her skin, humming when I smelled the hint of black cherry body wash, one of my favorites. I caught the hint of the flash of her camera, felt her smile as I tugged on her earlobe. "Never mind." She giggled, her thumbs flying over her phone's keyboard. After several seconds, she tossed her phone aside and straddled me. "Now, where were we?" Bella wiggled her incredible ass against my straining cock. I pulled back enough to look up at her, holding her sweet face between my hands. "Let me see it." She pouted but grabbed her phone. She had to stretch across the couch, her thighs tightening around my hips. The move had her pussy rubbing over my dick. She moaned softly, finally grabbing hold of her phone. She pulled up and rolled her hips over me, to drive me fucking crazy. Probably to distract me. I gripped her hips, pulling her harder against me, thrusting against her pussy. "Let me see." She groaned when I put a stop to her method of distraction. Typically, I wasn't the one to slow us down or deny her. She glared at me, handing me her phone, unlocking it. "Lazy Sunday with a wink smiley face?" I saw Bella's usual watermark on her photos, one curved along her shoulder and another on my chest. We looked damn good, all cozy, and about to get busy. My lips were on her neck, some of her curls partially hiding my face, but not enough to disguise me. My tattoos on my bare chest were a dead giveaway—the Cullen Crest, along with a phoenix along my ribcage, the raven poised for the attack curving up my arm and shoulder. She pointed at the screen. "Look at my foot." A woman's size seven was just over nine inches in length, and the picture showed how much longer I was than her foot. I had a Bella foot/shoe, sue me. "I posted the same photo on all my accounts." I switched to her Twitter account and saw that the bastard interviewer already unfollowed her. I showed her, causing her to laugh. She threw up her arms. "Yay! Mission accomplished." "You're still calling the asshole's boss to tell her what he did." "I already sent her the email." She snatched the phone and threw it behind her, not caring about where it landed. "Now, can we get back to fucking, big guy?" As if she needed to ask. . . . "You're an asshole!" Bella screamed at me as we walked into the house, throwing her clutch at my chest. "How could you do that in front of everyone? Ugh!" She balled up her hands and turned away from me, sending her