Fragile Veins Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement intended. This is a PART of my entry for the Light the Darkness contest. Thanks to all those involved in the contest, the judges that spent hours reading, to the lovely banner/blinkie makers for the gorgeous banners and to validators and secret keepers. It was an inspiring contest. Chapter One Edward I'd been living in Forks, Washington for over three months, and it was my senior year in high school. I'm over the move from Chicago, well mostly. Alice, my younger sister, had gotten involved with a fucking teacher at our former school. The teacher resigned and every student was on her ass for it. For months, we lived with the rumors and shit they said and did to humiliate her more. That, of course, had me reacting to their nasty words with my fists. She's my sister no matter what. I made my family suffer before the move. I was fucking pissed all the time, taking it out on everyone. I drank, started smoking and I was arrested. I changed. I went from the softhearted, trusting friend everyone could count on and liked, to the loner that was suspicious of everybody. The rumors and crap spewed by the students at my old high school had made me into that person. Another think I learned from that experience was that I was dangerous. The rainy town wasn't bad once I made friends with the neighbors, who had two kids my age. Their father was the police chief, and after dad explained my arrest, he seemed okay with me. I was defending Alice and he knew his adopted son, Emmett, would do the same for his sister Bella. Since Alice attended a private school, I was fucking grateful that I had already met Bella and Emmett when school started. No one there bothered to talk to me on my first day. Maybe because the news about Alice's extra-curricular activities and my arrest followed us thanks to the social media and my fucking ex-girlfriend, Heidi. She's the one that told everyone about Alice and that fuck, Mr. Whitlock. I didn't give a shit about the other students, or trust them. Despite the anger and lack of trust, Emmett and Bella made it easy to be friends. Charlie and Emmett helped me channel my anger through fixing shit. Bella had bought a truck that needed work only a week before I moved to Forks. We started working on it the day we met. After three months, it's finally ready now. Bella's fucking giddy, as she jumps behind the wheel of the rusty, red beast. "I'm so excited." She gives me a toothy grin. She has these pretty, little white teeth, one slightly crooked, framed by full, pale pink lips. She slaps a loose strand of dark hair from her face. "You would be," I say. It's hard to remain aloof when she's so fucking close. She smells good. It's something sweet since she bakes all the time. Sugary and delicious; it's torture. She's one of my best friends and that's how it has to stay. Emmett is, too, but nothing compared to Bella. He doesn't get the books I like to read or my music choices, while she shares the same interests. If not, she's always willing to give something new a try. I love that about her. I don't let my attraction show, since I'm not stupid. I don't date. I decide to play it safe. It's for the best. After all the shit I've gone through in the last year, I can't handle losing her right now. "Can you blame me?" She rubs her hands together in glee. Her eyes are a rich hazel that glosses over when she's happy. It's hard to look away when they're like that. "I'm stuck getting rides in that monstrosity Emmett drives and have sprained my ankle getting off it one too many times." Her truck isn't that much smaller, but I don't say shit. This is Bella, and she enjoys her independence. Emmett isn't the most reliable person either. Last month, I had to pick her up from work because he forgot. I remember the last time she sprained her ankle perfectly. Emmett had offered me a ride to school on my first day, since my car needed a new fuel pump. Bella joined us, and she was all blushes and smiles as she climbed in the back on that first day. I had to help her up and it was the first time I touched her. Let me just say that it was not easy to hide my reaction to that touch. When we arrived at school, Emmett distracted me and Bella stumbled out of the jeep. She skinned her knee and I yelled at her for not waiting. She had hurt herself, and before she could say a word, I carried her to the nurse's office. She didn't talk to me for the rest of the day for lashing out. Silent treatments suck. I've learned to never make her wait. She's a bit impatient, but she fucking denies it. Since then, there's been this need to touch her all the time. She never sees it as anything but friendly, and I keep doing it. Sometimes it's torture to have her fingers in my hair, or her head on my shoulder, but I couldn't give it up. "I offered you a ride to school once," I point out. Her eyes narrow. "Well, I thought three's a crowd then." Ah, she's talking about my short-lived, completely regrettable relationship with Lauren Mallory when I first moved here. It never amounted to anything and she knows that, so why the attitude? Does that mean she's jealous? It's wishful thinking, besides you can't go there. "Well, if you had, maybe I wouldn't have kept giving her rides," I say, wiggling my eyebrows. I shouldn't have said it, but I always do this shit to keep her from guessing how I feel. She eyes me for a second, and I do not understand the look in them before she turns away. "Ugh, you're disgusting." "It was nothing." "Whatever." I definitely detect anger in her voice. I could explain that the thing with Lauren was a way to get off, since I couldn't have her . That would make me more disgusting in her eyes. I'm not exactly proud of myself for it, but it is what it is. Something else is holding me back from telling her the truth, and I have a feeling it's more than worrying about our friendship. I refuse to analyze that shit. "Bella," I groan. "Can we just forget that shit ever happened?" "It's hard. It feels like it was practically last week." Lauren hates Bella since I stopped seeing her, and it's because of me. Then again, Lauren is a bitch and hates anyone that gets more attention than she does. And Bella gets plenty of attention. My hands clench at the thought. "It lasted two weeks," I say. "That shit in the hall at school last week was Lauren reminding me what I'm missing. Trust me, it's nothing special." Her nose wrinkles, but her lips twitch into smile. "Her tits are crooked." I choke and sputter, looking at her as if she had to fucking heads. "I can't believe you said 'tits.'" She rolls her eyes, smiling at me again. "Ready?" That's a loaded question. I play it safe, as always. "Sure. Where to?" "Wherever the road may lead us," she says, all breath and purr, giggling when I groan. Fuck, that voice kills me. She starts the engine, bouncing happily. Fuck, I'd do anything for her, just to see her that damn happy all the time. She pats the dashboard. "Thank you, Big Bertha." "That's the name you chose?" She only nods and she puts the truck in reverse. I try not to laugh as she concentrates to back out, the tip of her tongue poking out as she steadily presses the gas. "Shut up," she growls playfully when I laugh. I fasten my seatbelt. As much shit she gave her brother about his driving habits, she has some bad ones, too. She takes turns too fast. I switch on the new stereo, the one I bought her. She complained about the cost for a second when I gave it to her, but she admitted that she loved it a minute later. Tapping her fingers along to the music, Bella pulls on the road. "Ho hey," she sings, taking a turn onto a dirt road minutes later. I grab hold of the handle over the door, hanging on for dear life. Dirt is spitting out behind us, dust everywhere. Fuck, she's crazy. She's my kind of crazy . Within minutes, I figure out where we're going. It's our place. When I moved here, I explored the town and found it. It's an old treehouse in the middle of a meadow, on this huge lone tree. It was falling apart, with rotting wood and peeling paint, but we fixed it up. It's our place to hang out when we wanted a little peace, and to get away from the pressure of high school and family. We hit the end of the road and exit the truck. The hike to the meadow is relatively quiet. I help Bella over tree roots and large boulders, and under low hanging branches that threaten to scratch her. I walk ahead for a bit, but I feel a hard tug when she catches one of my suspenders that are hanging loosely from my pants. "What the fuck?" I ask, barely catching myself before I fall. She shrugs innocently, bumping my shoulder. The brat takes off running and laughing. I follow her, allowing her to win. It gives me a reason to watch her climb the ladder, in case she falls. I also like to watch her cute ass in her skinny jeans. "I win," she says, offering me a wink before she heads up the ladder. I barely contain a groan when her ass comes into view. Halfway up, she nearly loses her footing, catching the edge of one of the rungs along the front of her calf. "Ow." Damn, she'll get a bruise from that. I place my hand on the small of her back, making sure she doesn't fall. "You okay, klutzy?" I ask. It'll piss her off enough to forget the pain. Besides, she's fucking cute when she's pissed. "Stop being an asshole," she hisses, trying to stomp on my fingers. "I can't do that. It's a part of my sparkling personality. You love me anyway." "Keep it up, Edward," she says, trying to kick me again. Laughing, I grab her ankle, making her hold onto the tree for dear life and scream. She's so small, a whole foot shorter than my six-foot-three. I have a good hold of her, but she doesn't know that. "Let go!" I do, and laugh, patting her ass affectionately. She curses. I know she's blushing like crazy, but can't see it. It's a shame, too. She makes it up, closing the trap door behind her, and standing on it. "No boys allowed!" She stomps twice. She'll get over it. She can't hold a grudge with me for long. I grab the knotted rope nearby, climbing onto the recently added balcony. I find her sitting against a wall of the small structure, shivering. It's fucking November, so it's damn cold. I sit across from her, my legs and hers stretching out between us. She doesn't say a word, her eyes close as she rests the back of her head against the wall. Something's up; why else would she come up here? "What is it, Bella?" I ask when I can't take the silence anymore. A part of me doesn't want to know the answer, since she's been acting weird all week. "My