AN: This is the first chapter of something I'm working on for a very dear friend of mine Moflo19, it's her birthday today! Happy Birthday! I love you, so happy I was able to meet you in April. Summary: Bella meets her best friend's older brother under unusual circumstances. Workaholic Edward Cullen missed Christmas with his family, deciding to head home. A misunderstanding with his baby sister's roommate has a potential for something more, but what has him leaving so soon? Bella walked through the lavish home, checking windows and doors to insure her and Alice's security. She housesat on occasion, but she had never stayed in such a place until Alice brought her over for Thanksgiving. It was easy to get lost in the extensive gardens; it had a labyrinth within it! The house itself was over three thousand square feet, but it was wonderfully warm and inviting. She loved it and the family that lived within it, even though she hadn't met Alice's brother. "You're being paranoid," Alice said from the couch in one of the living rooms. She rolled her eyes, throwing a few pieces of candy at Bella. Bella laughed. "Sorry, not sorry. Cop's daughter, so I can't help it when it comes to our safety. And didn't you just say last month the house was broken into three times last year?" Alice's parents wanted someone to stay with her while the headed out of town for a company New Year's event in New York. And since Bella had no other family, they asked her to join them for the holidays. She couldn't say no to Esme, it was impossible. Alice huffed, sending a wayward black curl flopping into her eyes. She batted it away and frowned. "But they installed a top of the line security system." "And someone tried again, right?" Alice stuck out her tongue. "What are you nine? Come on, I'm looking out for you." Alice gave her a megawatt smile and snuggled up to her since. Bella always thought of herself as somewhat petite, with a few curves, but Alice was tiny, much like her mother. "What time is Jasper picking you up? "Around seven, you sure you don't want to join us?" Bella scoffed, lifting her long, dark hair into a ponytail. "I have access to an endless movie selection, a seventy-inch flat screen TV and popcorn. This is my kind of night." "You're like going from twenty-two to forty real quick, Swan. How are we best friends?" Alice wasn't the first person to ask such a question. Bella enjoyed a good party now and then, but she also liked to sit back and read, or watch some kick ass television. Alice on the other hand, would party every day if it was reasonably possible. "Go get ready or you'll be bitching because you're running late." Bella playfully shoved Alice off the plush sectional onto the soft rug, still earning a bird flip. "Fine, but only because I need time to shave everywhere ," Alice said, waggling her brows. Bella groaned, throwing a pillow at her retreating figure. She searched for a movie, but Alice returned to make her life hell, as usual. "My brother just called, he said he was on his way to come see me, but the asshole didn't let me even talk before he hung up." Bella watched as Alice tried calling her brother again, leaving a message when he didn't answer. It was a rather colorful one, too. "If he gets here while I'm in the shower, his name is Edward and tell him I'm heading out for the night." "You want me to meet your older brother for the first time while you're in the shower." Alice rolled her unusual gray-green eyes, huffing. "And tell him he's basically shit out of luck to see you before you head back to school again? Doesn't he live in Seattle?" "Yes, but he was supposed to be here four days ago, when we got here. It's not my fault he got too busy at work to spend Christmas with us. Besides, you know Jasper is heading back early to California. I won't see him for at least two weeks." Jasper and Alice met in high school and ended up heading to college at CalPoly together. They met Bella in their sophomore year when she found a great apartment and needed two roommates. "Fine, I'll tell your asshole brother that his asshole sister can't see him until she comes back for the summer six months from now." "I knew you'd see it my way," Alice said, giggling and running up the stairs toward her room. Bella grumbled as she made her way into the kitchen and made some popcorn, determined to watch a few good holiday movies. Every year since she was twelve, she and her father would curl up on the couch together to watch the most action-packed holiday movies they could find. Die Hard, Gremlins, Die Hard 2, just to name a few. Just because he was gone, she couldn't stop the tradition. She settled into watch Die Hard, and almost through the entire film, Alice presented herself in all her holiday glory for the New Year's party with Jasper's family. Bella whistled, circling a finger so Alice would do the same. The emerald green dress clung to her small frame perfectly, showing off gorgeous legs and accentuating her shoulders. Her dark hair was up in some fancy style, enhancing her pretty, oval face. "You look fantastic." "Yes, she does," Jasper said from the corner of the room where he waited. Alice squealed, running into his arms and laughing when he lifted her up. "You look beautiful. You ready?" "Yes." Alice and Jasper said their good byes and an early "Happy New Year" before leaving, giving Bella a chance to lock up for the night. She wouldn't see Alice until the following afternoon. Which was alright with her. She would finish her holiday movies and the last few chapters of the book she was reading. "That's not a bad thing," she told herself, turning off all the lights for her movie marathon. She left the Christmas lights on outside, along with the Christmas tree, settling in with John McClane and a few motherfuckers. A few hours later, Bella swore she heard something outside while she took a brief intermission. She stood by one of the hallway windows, stilling to make sure it was nothing. Startled by the sound of someone cursing, she bit her lip and wondered if Alice's brother never got her message and came down anyway. She quickly dialed Alice, but it went straight to voice mail. "Damn it." She headed downstairs, quietly heading toward the kitchen to see if the alarm was still armed, just in case it wasn't Alice's brother. Her eyes widened when the display indicated someone had entered the garage. Alice's brother decided to come home. . . . Edward Cullen detested the holidays, or at least the non-family aspect of it. His colleagues at the lab were boring as hell, but under stress and deadlines, they were Grade A assholes. Being surrounded by assholes, sometimes a somewhat nice person could become one, too. The laboratory he worked for were pulling out all the stops for some grant money, enough ensure his research for least another five years, cutting most of their holiday vacations from weeks to mere days. He hated that he missed Christmas with his family, one of the few holidays he always made time for, until now. If it wasn't for the merger with Toshiro Pharmaceuticals earlier that year, he would have spent time with his baby sister. He pulled into the garage, thankful his mother had sent him the codes to their new security system. Grabbing his bag, he saw that his phone had died sometime after calling Alice as he drove in from the city. He cursed, searching his glove compartment for his charger. He headed into the house, quickly entering another code into the panel by the door. The sound of shuffling feet alerted him, he wasn't alone. He smiled, thinking of scaring Alice just like he used to. She had to be mad at him for not making it down for the holidays, but she always had a soft spot for him. Being twelve years older, they had little in common growing up, but he had always adored her. He dropped his bags and ran into the kitchen, grabbing his sister by the waist, making her scream, as he tossed her over his shoulder. "Are you putting on a little weight, sis?" He laughed as his sister huffed in indignation. He tossed Alice onto the sectional he bought for his parents the year before, only to find dark eyes staring back at him. What the fuck? "You better be Edward Cullen or your balls are about to get acquainted with my knee." He stepped back, holding up his hands after a quick check to make sure she didn't kick him anyway. She cocked a slim eyebrow, jumping back up and spreading her feet shoulder width apart; a fighting stance. Despite the situation, he couldn't help but look at her. Dressed in an oversized sweater that hung off one shoulder and leggings, she was small but with gorgeous curves. He grimaced when he remembered about the weight comment he said when he thought he had Alice on his shoulder. "Hey, buddy. Mind telling me why you're looking at my boobs with so much disgust?" "Fuck." He ran a hand through his hair, feeling warmth rising along his neck, cheeks and ears. "Trust me, I'm not disgusted at your…" He held up his hands, sort of cupping, only to realize it was not a good thing to do. "Your breasts, shit. I mean…I realized how scared you probably were when I grabbed you like that and the weight thing I said. God, I'm horrified." "Oh. Good, I don't need to put on a bra then." Edward couldn't help but look at her chest again, realizing her words meant she was wearing nothing under the sweater. "Hi, I'm Bella," she said, thrusting out her hand and smiling up at him. At six-four, he towered over her by several inches, she barely reached his shoulder, but something told him she was a lot stronger than she looked. He took a hold of her hand, finding himself smiling for the first time in weeks. "Edward Cullen. Any chance we can forget the last five minutes or mention it to my family?" "Not in your life." She offered him another smile, playfully punching his arm. "I won't tell them if you don't." "Thanks. By the way, where is my sister?" He looked toward the couch and found only a serving of popcorn and drink for one person. "Alice had Jasper's family New Year's party." He groaned, and sat down, waiting for Bella to do the same. She did, taking the seat right next to him. "New Year's Eve, I can't believe I forgot." "How do you forget a holiday like that?" Bella asked, passing the unopened bottle of beer that was on the coffee table. "You look like you could use one." He smiled and took her peace offering and had a few sips before answering. "Work as usual, I swear I live and breathe it. Between the lab and home, all the days have been blending together. It's a good day when I remember the day of the week." "It's Saturday," Bella said in a sugary sweet voice, before laughing at his snort. "Don't be so hard on yourself. Alice mentioned you had a recent breakthrough back in April, they know how important your work is and are very proud of you." Uncomfortable with the praise, Edward nodded but said nothing about it. "What are you watching?" "I just finished the second Die Hard and planned to start Gremlins." "Gremlins. Were you even born when that movie first came