Title: Star of Hope Author: Susana Series: Desperate Hours Disclaimer: All recognizable elements are Tolkien's Summary: Aragorn tells his son Eldarion about Gil Estel, the Star of Hope, with assistance from his elder twin foster brothers and his Steward. A/N: Set in the early years after the Ring War, after Faramir (and Eowyn) are aware that Faramir is Aragorn's son, but before Aragorn (or anyone else in the royal family) has any idea. "Beaui'ful." Commented year and a half old Eldarion, pointing to Gil Estel, the star of hope. The crown prince smiled, delighted by the natural light show in the velvet dark sky above Minas Tirith. Eldarion's gray eyes shone as brightly as the stars, and his dark, wavy hair was a dramatic contrast to the pale blue velvet that lined his warm woolen cloak. From the outside, the little Prince's cloak was an exact replica in miniature of his father's; a rich midnight blue, with the symbols of his house embroidered in white and silver. Aragorn smiled tenderly at his small son, still in awe that this wonderful child was his own. "It is beautiful." He agreed, "My edair thought so, too. Your Daerada Arathorn told me about that star when I was a little younger than you, and your Daerada Elrond called me by that star's name, Estel, for many years." Eldarion snuggled happily against his adar. "Story?" He asked winsomely. Eldarion loved his night-time walks with his busy father. Everything smelled good inside the citadel, of green pine and delicious foods. But there were lots of people, and outside in the garden was lovely too, quiet and still. With the new snow on the ground, and the stars in the sky. Aragorn laughed. "Yes, that star has a story. Would you like to hear it, ion-nin?" "Story." Demanded Eldarion. He was an only child and grandchild, as well as a Prince. Needing to ask for something more than once was an unusual occurrence, for the boy. "What do you say, when you want something, my 'Darion?" Aragorn prompted gently. He wasn't going to get into trouble tonight for forgetting to ask that. Arwen had ears everywhere. Besides, their son was by nature kind and charming, but also demanding. Ingraining politeness in their little Prince struck the King as a sound strategy. Eldarion frowned in thought. What did Ada want, he wondered. "Edair and nenith are more likely to do as you ask when you say "Please," Eldarion." Faramir prompted gently, as he came into view on the garden path, the Lady Eowyn leaning more heavily than usual on his arm. Aragorn smiled in welcome but shook his head at his two favorite patients, the Prince and Lady of Ithilien, also walking in the garden on this cold night. Still, Faramir was well recovered from the excessive demands he had put on his body defending Ithilien from an aborted invasion. Eowyn, too, had recovered from the difficult start to her first pregnancy. And Aragorn was sympathetic to his most important officer's wanting to escape the demands of the Great Hall for a few hours. As Eowyn met her King's eyes in mute appeal, Aragorn nodded. Yes, he would ignore that Eowyn's healer, mentor, and good friend Elladan had not thought she needed to be about in the cold air. At least for awhile. Eldarion, too, grinned to see Faramir and Eowyn. "How is baby?" He asked Eowyn. Eldarion found babies fascinating, and was excited that there would soon be another in the royal apartments. Eowyn made a funny face. "Awake. I don't think she sleeps." "Neither does her father, so she comes by that unfortunate trait honestly." Aragorn teased, though he was half serious, and knew Faramir would pick up on the gentle chide. Whether the Prince of Ithilien would heed it, Aragorn quite frankly doubted. He was, in fact, planning to slip a sedative into Faramir's wine tomorrow night, if his Steward and honorary younger brother didn't appear more rested by tomorrow. Faramir's exhaustion was understandable, Aragorn knew full well. Between his Steward's normal duties, the continuing aftermath of the recent invasion of Ithilien (including arguing with his King about the necessity of Faramir's personally touring his lands again before Yule, and the subsequent fast-paced tour upon Faramir's having won that argument), and the social press of the Yuletide season for Gondor's second ranking officer (after the King) and junior Prince (after his uncle, Prince Imrahil), the dark circles under Faramir's eyes needed no further explanation. Still, Aragorn also knew well that his Steward's resilience was remarkable. Faramir was nowhere near the point where being overtired and overburdened would cause him to collapse, or withdraw into himself in grief. Not that Aragorn - or Eowyn or Arwen, for that matter - had any intention of ever letting Faramir, whom they all held so dear, reach such an extreme again. Faramir was, however, at the point where exhaustion and worry would cause him to make little mistakes, the kind few others would even note, but that would upset Aragorn's perfectionist of a Steward. Of greater concern to Aragorn was that Faramir had reached the point this past morning where he began making little mistakes in arms practice. Not at a level where Aragorn, or Elrohir, who had been Faramir's sparring partner, could in good conscience ask the Steward to leave the field. But mistakes that Faramir would not normally make, these days. Errors that had caused Elrohir to leave the Steward with bruises, and scold him sharply. Aragorn wasn't sure he would have noticed it, had it been anyone else. Elrohir, and Glorfindel and Magordan, for that matter, were of the opinion that leaving a bruise where an enemy could have left a wound taught a valuable lesson. Aragorn did not disagree, per se, but he himself was generally more careful with Faramir, given what he knew of his Steward's difficult childhood. Elrohir would never have taught a small child with an unblunted blade, let alone left bruises on a child as he did his grown, seasoned pupils. And Faramir seemed to have realized that, as he was not upset by the bruises he received in practice bouts with Elrohir, or no more upset than the mistakes which had resulted in them would merit. But Aragorn did not like that Faramir's tiredness was causing him pains, even small ones. Unfortunately for Aragorn, Faramir didn't think his being tired, if it didn't detract from his official duties, was any of his King's business. Aragorn had tried, in one manner and another, to "fix" that, but Faramir, when he wished, could be a very stubborn man. So Aragorn had to approach these matters obliquely. Hence, the teasing, before the sedatives, and the sedatives, before the rare orders. Faramir would obey an order, but Aragorn didn't like to have to rely on his authority as King in his personal relationship with his young friend. Denethor's ghost stood between Faramir and any male authority figure save Imrahil. It was at moments like this that Aragorn missed Boromir, keenly. Boromir would have relied heavily on Faramir's willing help to be a good Steward, but he would have known what to say to Faramir, to get him to take better care of himself. Aragorn had to either appeal to Faramir's common sense (which was nonexistent, in regard to Faramir's own health, or at least so far as Aragorn had ever been able to tell); make Faramir feel guilty that he had worried Aragorn (which sometimes worked); trick Faramir into ingesting a sedative (which sometimes worked); or wait until Faramir became so exhausted that Aragorn could and should justifiably call him to account for it. Which neither of them liked. Another alternative, when Imrahil was in residence, was bringing the matter to his attention. But it irked Aragorn to have to do that, though he would, to avoid seeing Faramir worn even just as thin as this. At this point, Faramir thought Aragorn was worried over nothing, and looked like he wanted to roll his eyes at the King, though he did not. Probably because Faramir was trying to set a good example of proper behavior for Eldarion, and that didn't include, in Faramir's world view, offering lese majeste to Aragorn in front of Eldarion. Aragorn was taking advantage of this, by seeing how far he could annoy Faramir before his friend would tease him back. It was an amusing game, in the King's opinion, even if his inability to get Faramir to listen to him on these matters at times bothered him greatly. Eowyn did shake her head tolerantly at Aragorn's needling of her husband, before offering to Eldarion, "Our baby is saying hello now, by kicking. Would you like to feel?" The Lady of Ithilien had taken a seat on a stone bench beside her husband, and Faramir arose chivalrously that Eldarion might sit beside her. Eldarion nodded eagerly, and Aragorn put him down next to Eowyn. The little boy giggled as he felt the active babe's movements even over Eowyn's dress and Faramir's green cloak, which Eowyn wore. Faramir shivered ever so minutely, but Aragorn noted it. The King sighed and draped his own cloak around the younger man, ignoring his Steward's polite protest. For a Numenorean, Faramir felt the cold oddly much. Aragorn disliked thinking of how his dear friend had survived so many winters in scant comfort at Henneth Annun. "Arwen is going to gift you with yet another cloak, if you keep borrowing her husband's." Eowyn observed in amusement. "Hmm, and why is that?" Faramir gently teased his lady back. Aragorn chuckled. Eowyn, well into the second half of her pregnancy, normally felt overly warm. But the air was rather chill on this night before Yule, and Faramir's cloak had evidently been appropriated by his wife. "It is no matter, tithen-gwathel." He reassured Eowyn, "I find this weather only pleasantly brisk, after my time in the north." That, and Aragorn wore his cloak only to set a good example for Eldarion. "Please, Ada, tell me the story about Gil Estel?" Asked Eldarion, remembering his previous request, and settling down with his dark head resting gently on Eowyn's rounded stomach. The White Lady wrapped her arm around the little Prince, and turned to her King with a soft smile, a mother's smile, and one new to her. Aragorn smiled back to see it, pleased his friends would soon be parents themselves. Putting an arm around Faramir, who stood at his side, the King began, "Long ago, in the first age, the men and elves were very afraid, because Sauron and his master Morgoth had taken over almost all of Middle Earth. They had enslaved almost all of the men and elves who lived there, save those men who became their allies. The people of Middle Earth had all but lost hope." "Like Middle Earth before Frodo destroyed the Ring?" Eldarion asked in his piping voice. "Even worse, or so says your Daerada Celeborn." Aragorn explained, "all of the free elves and men had fled to a single island, off the coast, and Morgoth and his minions, the orcs and the dragons, held sway over nearly all of Middle Earth." Faramir, and Aragorn, half turned at a faint noise in the same instant. This was unfortunate for Faramir, who had been in Elrohir's line of sight, and now was wearing half of a snowball, having dodged the missile only partially. "Really?" Aragorn asked the elder of his two elven twin foster brothers with some asperity as he helped Faramir to dust off the cold powder. "Snowballs, Elrohir?" "'Twas meant for you, Estel." Elrohir protested, blushing faintly. "Faramir, wearing your cloak, looks too much like you." Aragorn and Faramir exchanged a look, then shrugged. They'd been told that before, but neither particularly saw the resemblance. "And why, were you throwing a snowball at me?" Aragorn asked with a crooked smile. "Because you never paid attention in lessons as a child." Elrohir