Disclaimer: Everything recognizable belongs to Tolkien. Warnings: AU. Summary: In a desperate hour, Finduilas of Dol Amroth made a difficult choice. For over three decades, the few who knew guarded the secret: that Lord Faramir was not Lord Denethor's son. But the war ended, and the new Steward's father is now the King. And no secret can be kept forever. Author's note: This is an AU of the Desperate Hours AU, the AU in which all of my other stories take place. It is an alternative take on events in two stories I am working on, "Beginnings & Endings" and "Desperation's Gift," which both take place in the same continuity as "The Wizard's Unlooked-For Apprentice," and "Wise Child." This story references events which take place in Beginnings & Endings and Desperation's Gift, so I must apologize that those stories are not yet complete. I will post the first few chapters of B&E as soon as I can. This story, "A Conversation about Fathers," is set in the fall of Third Age year 3020, after Beginnings & Endings is over, and as an alternative version of Desperation's Gift. The continuity of events will be different in Desperation's Gift and the main DH AU, as Legolas arrives back to Emyn Arnen in time to tell Faramir that Thorongil is the same person as Aragorn, and Faramir decides to keep to himself that he is Thorongil's son. A Conversation about Fathers It was a beautiful early fall day in Gondor. The air, ripe with the scents of the season, swirled up the seven levels of the city and into the open windows of the citadel at the top of Minas Tirith. The King of Gondor once again paused in his revision of the day's correspondence to glance tenderly at his wife. Arwen the Queen was seated at the spare desk in her husband's large study, reviewing reports on the placement of orphan children as apprentices to various tradesmen in Gondor. She was also several months pregnant, to her husband's joy and relief. Aragorn the man desired children, but was pleased with his wife alone. Elessar Telcontar the King, however, needed an heir. Sensing his gaze, Arwen looked up, and gave her husband a frustrated smile. The King had already stopped his work twice that afternoon to suggest his wife might want a nap. "Aragorn-my-love," Arwen scolded gently, "Elladan and I are convinced all goes well with this pregnancy. Stop looking at me as if I might break." Aragorn grinned in apology, seizing on a bright idea to convince Arwen an afternoon nap was in order. "I know, and I am trying to be calm, my love. I am just excited, and a little nervous, for I did not think to be a father so soon." The King's eldest foster-brother, Elrohir the elven warrior, snorted as he entered the room. "I knew we forgot to mention something, Estel. You see, when a man loves a woman very, very, much..." Aragorn chuckled as his wife threw an apple from the bowl of fruit on the desk at her brother, forcing the annoying twin to catch it rather than continue his sarcastic lecture on babies and other dangers of sex. "Why are you here, pest?" The King asked Elrohir, more amused than annoyed. He was quite fond of his wife's twin brothers, despite their eternal joy in tormenting him as older brothers are wont to do to their younger siblings. Aragorn was pleased to have them once again in residence, especially considering Arwen's delicate condition. Elrohir's handsome face turned serious. "I heard from the guards that Faramir and Eowyn are returning from Emyn Arnen this afternoon. They are more than a month early returning, and this visit is not planned. Is aught awry?" Arwen as well turned in concerned interest to her husband. Aragorn sighed, explaining. "I know not. Faramir sent the message with the relay this morning, telling me that they would arrive early this evening, but giving no other details." "Traveling so near dark, in company with his lady, what with orcs and outlaws still about?" Elrohir shook his head in disapproval. It was Arwen who sought to calm her brother. "The road between here and Ithlien is well-traveled, and they will be with the evening messenger relay, and probably also some of the guards of the White Company. It would be unusual indeed for orcs or outlaws to attack so many armed warriors." The Queen paused to smile in amusement, "'Roh, you must recall that Eowyn is more like an elleth than a human woman when it comes to riding and fighting. For all she prefers healing to swordplay these days, she still trains with the White Company and her husband, most mornings." Elrohir raised his hands, signaling defeat. "I will be glad to see them as well, Sister, I just worry at this unseemly haste from Estel's Steward, who is normally the most unflappable of humans." "I am concerned as well," Aragorn put in, "but we'll know soon enough. Arwen, are you certain..." "Yes, yes," the Queen gave in gracefully. "If we are to be entertaining our dear friends this evening, I shall nap, that I might have energy. As the woman, should I not properly claim the role of the nag in our relationship?" The Queen then complained, smiling slightly. "Never fret, my love." Aragorn commented with a rueful grin. "Last year when I was wounded by that assassin's arrow, you were a consummate nag." Arwen but laughed and kissed her husband farewell, collecting her lady-in-waiting, Ynithe, who had been embroidering in a seat by the window, and smiling at the antics of the royal family. After bidding his sister sweet sleep, Elrohir turned to glare at his younger brother. "And you were a consummate idiot, Estel." He reproved. "You've been wounded enough times to know that pushing a recovery only leads to later setbacks. Just because you are working at a desk, rather than in the forests of the north, doesn't make that any less true." "I know." Aragorn apologized. "I shaped up after I popped the stiches out the first time, did I not?" Elrohir's brotherly glare lessened slightly, as he acknowledged. "You did. But only because Arwen reminded you of your promise to set a good example for Faramir. That, and Ada's glare." The elf added with a sad smile. Their father Lord Elrond had sailed earlier that year for the West with the other ringbearers, leaving his children feeling at times somewhat bereft. Aragorn gave his oldest brother a sympathetic look. "I miss Adar, as well. It will be nice to have Faramir and Eowyn back, Minas Tirith without them is decidedly less joyous." Elrohir snorted. "You mean that you have much less free time with your Steward off seeing to his duties in Ithilien, despite sending the poor newly-wed Faramir two satchels of paperwork a day." Aragorn confessed. "To my shame, that is not untrue. However, it is also true that Faramir is Arwen's partner in any number of these social projects - the orphan apprentice program, the entry of women into some of the guilds, etc. I would rather have my Steward here to make sure that my wife doesn't overdo." The King explained. Elrohir nodded in understanding, taking a seat at the opposite side of Aragorn's desk. "And Eowyn is Arwen's favorite lady-in-waiting, excepting perhaps Ynithe." "And that." His younger brother agreed. "We both miss their companionship. That desk Arwen worked at today is normally for Faramir's use. He comes here to ask me a question, and just stays for several hours, seized by an idea, or to inspire me to work through something I'd be inclined to put off. The bowl of fruit is there to tempt his appetite. And Eowyn is not only a good companion for Arwen, but the only one with the - well, let's call it natural authority, to demand that my wife rest if she seems tired." Elrohir laughed merrily, very much a fan of Faramir's fierce young wife, but also very blunt. "Let's call it what it is - even Arwen listens when Eowyn loses her temper." "Faramir listens as well." The King said in satisfaction. "And I know they've needed this time alone, to begin setting up household and administration in Ithilien. But it would be opportune, in many ways, to have them return to Minas Tirith now, instead of in the winter." "Just ask." His brother advised. "I may." The King considered, "but I don't want to force Faramir to leave Ithilien early. His only friends who survived the war are in the White Company, and when he is here, it is too easy for me to draw him into the problems that should be the King's to resolve, rather than my Steward's." Elrohir nodded in understanding, but added "I wouldn't worry too much, Estel. I think Faramir is coming to view our family here as his own, and Eowyn is as close to Arwen as a sister, despite their different personalities. I think that Faramir would be honored to be asked to stay, to help keep things here on an even keel until after Arwen delivers." "But he would not feel free to say no." Aragorn pointed out, eyes troubled. "No." Elrohir agreed, with sympathy for his youngest brother. "It is not an easy thing, friendship, even when one is a King. Perhaps especially not when one is a King." The silver horns of Gondor sounded at dusk, in the melody that welcomed the Steward home to Minas Tirith. The King and Queen, and her brothers, were waiting for them in the Castle courtyard. The group that entered was indeed as Arwen had envisioned. The three men of the messenger relay, four members of the White Company, and the Prince and Lady of Ithilien, both dressed practically for the road, and both carrying swords, though the lady did not carry a bow, as did the rest of the company. Aragorn had been somewhat worried by the message Faramir had sent. Normally, his Steward was loquacious and eloquent. But Faramir's missive that morn had been simple. "Something has come to light," Faramir had hastily penned at the bottom of a previously written letter about the plans for an Ithilien Council and regent, "I need to discuss it with you. Eowyn and I will arrive with the evening relay." Aragorn became more worried as he saw his Steward's face. Faramir was sorely troubled, though he no doubt seemed calm to those who did not know him well. Arwen squeezed her husband's hand, and whispered softly in his ear. "All will be well. Whatever the matter is, we can help them to resolve it." Aragorn nodded gratefully to his wife, before turning to scrutinize the Ithilien party again. The King had been concerned that perhaps his stubborn friend and the feisty Eowyn had argued, but Faramir's tender smile to his wife, and Eowyn's answering grin, as well as her permitting Faramir to offer her assistance in dismounting, quickly put paid to that particular worry. Faramir then moved to kneel to his King, but Aragorn quickly embraced Faramir before he could, squeezing the younger man tightly and pounding him on the back. Pulling his Steward away to look him over more closely, Aragorn smiled despite his worry. Though troubled this eve, Faramir looked better rested and fed than he had since Aragorn had first met him. "I should have had you married over a year ago," the King teased his friend, "for I see that Eowyn has finally succeeded where we have all tried and failed - you have gained a stone at least since you left, and all of it muscle." Faramir laughed. "My King," he greeted more formally, "I have been out and about everyday in the woods, it is good for the appetite, if poor help to you in administering the Kingdom." Eowyn had greeted the Queen with a sisterly embrace. Her greeting for the