Title: The Wizard's Unlooked For Apprentice Series: Tales of the Wizard's Apprentice; Desperate Hours Author: Susana Feedback: rosasusana7... Rating: G/K Warning: AU Disclaimer: All characters and everything else belong to Tolkien, Summary: Mithrandir meets a young Faramir for the first time. Beta: Thanks to KC for looking over several drafts. The remaining excessive commas are entirely my own fault. A/N: In this story, Faramir is a child prodigy. Finduilas is a scholar who sees bits of the future and the past and sometimes ghosts, and Faramir inherited some of those talents. The series and its sequels will quickly become somewhat AU, although nothing happens to alter the actual plot line in a major way until several years after the end of ROTK. The Wizard's Unlooked for Apprentice Gandalf the Gray, Wizard of the immortal Istari, returned to the White City during a rainy autumn, once again searching for the One Ring. The forces of Sauron were growing bolder and his manipulations more pernicious. Gandalf sensed that the long-awaited time of crisis was approaching. A conversation he had with his fellow Wizard Radagast the Brown had led Gandalf to think of the Library and archives of ancient Minas Tirith. The wizard hoped to find clues to Isildur's fate, and to the path of the dread ring, amongst the books and scrolls of the White City. Minas Tirith stood nearest of all the human realms to Mordor. In the handful of years since the Gray Wizard had last visited, the city seemed to have grown grayer itself, more despairing. Its archives, however, were as cheerful and filled with absent-minded scholars as ever, to the Wizard's simultaneous joy and frustration. Gandalf suppressed an oath upon realizing how many records from the time of Isildur there were in the library of Gondor. Too much was better than too little, but going through it all would take far too long without competent help. At this rate, he would never be able to leave Gondor and travel to Rivendell before the snows set in. " Mithrandir!" A soft, sweet voice called out from nearby, disturbing only the old Wizard at the table nearest from the window. Gandalf, called Mithrandir by the humans of Gondor, looked up to the welcome sight of the Lady Finduilas, the wife of the Steward of Gondor. The Lady was ever a favorite visitor to the library and archives. He also noted the less-than-welcome presence of a small child at her side. Gandalf was very interested in making the acquaintance of Finduilas' offspring, and was fond of human children (in fact, all children) in general. However, the Wizard was quite certain this one was far too young to handle the manuscripts he was reviewing with the care they deserved. Beginning to gather up his research to keep it safe from small and possibly sticky fingers, Gandalf greeted "Lady Finduilas, always a pleasure. And this must be your younger son - Faramir, is it not?" Finduilas ushered the young boy forward. "Aye, it is. Faramir, give Mithrandir your greetings. 'Twas he who first introduced me to your father, when he visited Dol Amroth, long ago." Gandalf found his eyes captured by a remarkably solemn and piercing gaze. "You are looking for ways to stop the men from Mordor." The gray eyed child observed. "May I help?" Quite taken aback, the Wizard murmured, "hmm," to buy time, looking to the child's mother for guidance. Finduilas gave her old mentor a half-smile, one he remembered well as portending mischief. Here he thought it probably expressed mere enjoyment of his shock at her child's strangely mature manner. "Well, Fara, Mithrandir is working with very sensitive old documents, and you must needs gain even greater dexterity 'ere you can help with them." The boy sighed in disappointment, perking up as his mother offered an alternative. "But I see Gandalf has a set of newer books here - copies of older documents. Maybe you can look through those for certain words?" "I'm good at that." the young Gondorian Lord offered, meeting Gandalf's eyes with sincere desire to help. "Hmm." The gray wizard said again, considering. "Oh, very well. It isn't often I find such enthusiastic help. Here - look for this name - Isildur." "I-sil-dur" the boy pronounced, looking carefully at the word as the Wizard had written it. "Is it only in this tongue, or should I look for it in Sindarin and Quenya as well?" "Can you spell it in those languages?" Gandalf asked in growing surprise. "I think so," the child frowned as he wrote in a hesitant hand the name Isildur in Quenya and Sindarin. "Very good, kit." Observed Finduilas, "but you forgot the accent here, and that the I should be an E here." "Only in the standard dialect though, right Mama?" The boy asked, writing the words again with those corrections. "Yes, some of the texts of Quenya I remember from my girlhood in Dol Amroth did not have that variation." Finduilas confirmed. "Here, Fara, you begin with these books, and I shall help Mithrandir with the scrolls, until your Father's meeting adjourns." The boy didn't need a second invitation. He was soon engrossed in scanning pages for the words he'd been asked to look for, intent on his task. Turning to Gandalf, Finduilas offered. "Now how may I help you, dear one?" Smiling at the offer of real help at last, Gandalf explained how the object he was looking for disappeared not long after the Last Alliance of men and elves, when it had been in the possession of Isildur. Finduilas frowned in concentration, clarifying "So I am looking for anything about a belonging of Isildur's, such as a battle fought over one, or a theft, or perhaps a law suit?" "Yes, my dear." The wizard confirmed. "Anything like that." Gandalf smiled as Finduilas took a goodly portion of the old manuscripts he had gathered, and proceeded to peruse them with delicate skill. Were it not for the fine lines on the lady's face, it could have been twenty years ago, the teenaged Finduilas offering to help Gandalf search the archives of Dol Amroth in exchange for hearing her favorite stories once again. The three continued in their tasks, the boy and his mother occasionally calling the Wizard's attention to one mention of Isildur or another in the books and scrolls, a few of which the Wizard noted for further research later. As the afternoon wore on, Gandalf found his attention straying from his search in the old manuscripts, to the fey Lady and her grave younger child. Finduilas, the daughter of Prince Adrahil of Dol Amroth, had kept her fragile, near-ethereal beauty, despite years of marriage and the birth of two children, as well as a prolonged bout with ill health. She was pale, nearly as pale as an elf, with beautiful red-gold hair bound back with a circlet, and caught with a bronze clasp at the nape of her neck for ease of completing daily tasks. She was dressed in a light green dress that brought out the deeper green of her eyes. A handsome woman, and a clever one. Gandalf sincerely hoped that the rumors of her health further deteriorating were untrue. From her own Numenorian descent, she should have many years left. Still, Sauron's forces breathed at the very door of Minas Tirith, and if there were any in Gondor he would choose to eliminate, it would be the wife and mother of the last surviving Hurins. Gandalf would miss Finduilas for her own sake, for he had allowed himself to care for the girl as he did few humans, but he would mourn her even more for the loss of her moderating influence on her hot-headed, stubborn husband, Denethor, the Lord Steward of Gondor. Although a skilled and perceptive leader of men, Denethor had become cynical and rather an absolutist as he grew older, and anyone who did not hold Gondor's cause above all else in Middle Earth was highly suspect in his eyes. Adrahil's children all possessed certain traits that could have come almost directly from their Numenorian and elven ancestors, but Finduilas more obviously so then her siblings. Dol Amroth's was one of the first princely lines to mix that heritage, and it gave their line the Numenorians' talent of looking into the hearts of men, and the wood elves' way with beasts and nature. Gandalf had carefully arranged the marriage of Finduilas to Denethor (so as to bring that bloodline back to Gondor). The Wizard would have tried to marry her to Aragorn instead, had Isildur's heir not already fallen deeply in love with Arwen, Lord Elrond's daughter. He had tried to arrange Finduilas' sister Inviriel's marriage to the previous King of Rohan, but Adrahil had been disinclined to see a daughter move so far beyond the reach of the Swan Knights protection. Finduilas, noticing his regard, looked up with a smile. "It is so pleasant to see you again, and to be able to introduce you to Faramir. I had feared I would not have the opportunity." The lady spoke softly, so as not to disturb her son from his work. "I would not have you wear yourself out." Gandalf observed gently. "I am very happy to have the assistance of such a capable researcher, but not at the cost of your health, my dear." The lady sighed. "I am just weary, Mithrandir. I long for the sea and my childhood home, for green and growing things, but my husband needs my help here, and I worry." At this, the lady's eyes moved to her son. "Worry over him?" Gandalf observed the boy more closely. The wizard had already noticed over the past few hours that Faramir seemed a very quiet child, and a hard worker with a goodly attention span for his age. He had inherited his mother's gold-red hair, perhaps a shade or so darker. He had the gray eyes which were so common amongst the Numenoreans, and, unless Finduilas had already told the boy about his research, he had also inherited his father's ability to look into men's eyes and know the truth. "He does not seem a difficult child, my lady. Were I you, I would be more likely to worry over Boromir, whose enthusiasm for the war-like arts exceeds his current skills." "Boromir will be a great warrior." Finduilas said "I have seen it - and Faramir shall be as well, though it is not what he would aspire to, in less dark times." Looking at her more closely, and recalling that Finduilas bore strongly the foresight that sometimes came with Numenorean blood, Gandalf carefully asked "Then what is your concern?" Meeting his eyes sorrowfully, Finduilas explained "I know I will die 'ere my boys become men. It was the price for bearing another child, and I accepted it knowingly, for I believe you are right - a time of crisis is coming to Middle Earth, and Gondor needs as many warriors to face it as possible. But Denethor has never forgiven Faramir for being the innocent cause of my delicate health, nor has he forgiven me for conceiving him, knowing the likely cost." Looking again at the child, still reading diligently, Gandalf asked "You can't be worried he will mistreat the boy? Denethor shares your far sight, my lady. He too knows he needs his sons. As I recall, he positively dotes on Boromir." For the first time this day, Finduilas began to resemble a long-time invalid. "Forgive me for burdening you thusly, Mithrandir. I should not have brought these family issues up, they are not your concern." "Not at all, my lady. Please let me know how I may help. Your assistance, and the boy's, have saved me many days work, and you have been one of my more astute research assistants over the years." Gandalf explained. Finduilas looked at her son again, then back to the Wizard. "You will likely visit here again as