DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN THE HEROES OF OLYMPUS SERIES. ALL THE RIGHTS BELONG TO RICK RIORDAN. I ONLY OWN THE PLOT. CHAPTER 1 "Wait a minute!" Apollo exclaimed, "You can't go away like that! At least not before telling us what are we going to read in these couple of pages." The Fates simply turned their head and looked at Apollo, "Lord Apollo, we can only tell you that words in these pages replicate the exact thing happening in the mortal world with Lord Poseidon's and Lady Athena's children. That's all we can say. As you all Gods don't have any forms of connection or communication with your off- springs, we thought of granting you a favor. That's all we wish to say on this matter." And the Fates flashed out of the room. Athena, looked down at the sheets of paper on her hand given by the Fates and then looked back at the rest of the council. All the Gods had grave faces and Poseidon looked the worst. It was as if he had aged and was ill at the present moment. Athena understood that these pages were based on Annabeth's current quest for finding Athena Parthenos. She sighed and looked at Apollo and asked, "Apollo? Would you like to read for us?" Apollo only nodded and got up from his throne and walked towards Athena. He fetched the papers from her and sat beside Hestia's hearth and Hestia smiled at Apollo who returned it with a half-hearted smile. He looked at the papers and then said that it was going to be from Annabeth's point of view. " ANNABETH" he read out loud. Annabeth had reached her terror limit. "Why?" asked Poseidon. Athena knew why it was like that as many of her children perished before in the hands of that monsters. She said, "You'll see, Poseidon." She'd been assaulted by chauvinist ghosts. She'd broken her ankle. She'd been chased across a chasm by an army of spiders. Now, in severe pain, with her ankle wrapped in boards and Bubble Wrap, and carrying no weapon except her dagger, she faced Arachne—a monstrous half-spider who wanted to kill her and make a commemorative tapestry about it. Poseidon wasn't sure how he could answer that. He only said, "Oh!" In the last few hours, Annabeth had shivered, sweated, whimpered, and blinked back so many tears that her body simply gave up on being scared. Her mind said something like, Okay, sorry. I can't be any more terrified than I already am. So instead, Annabeth started to think. "Daughter of Athena." Smiled Hestia. The monstrous creature picked her way down from the top of the web-covered statue. She moved from strand to strand, hissing with pleasure, her four eyes glittering in the dark. Either she was not in a hurry, or she was slow. Annabeth hoped she was slow. Not that it mattered. Annabeth was in no condition to run, and she didn't like her chances in combat. Arachne probably weighed several hundred pounds. Those barbed legs were perfect for capturing and killing prey. Besides, Arachne probably had other horrible powers—a poisonous bite, or web-slinging abilities like an Ancient Greek Spider-Man. "Ancient Greek Spider-Man? Really?" Hera raised one of her eyebrows. "I should say Athena, your daughter has an amazing sense of humor." Said Apollo, as if actually appreciating Annabeth's ability of having a good sense of humor. "Seriously, Apollo. It looks like you are actually pointing it out that it is uncommon for a daughter of Athena to have a sense of humor." Pointed out Artemis. "It's not like as if I'm pointing out anything uncommon in Annabeth, it's just that even in times of danger, Annabeth could joke like that, Arachne being an Ancient Greek Spider-Man." Said Apollo in his defence. Athena let out a small laugh. It was indeed, very hilarious that Arachne was being imagined by Annabeth as Spider-Man. No. Combat was not the answer. "Good thinking, Annabeth." Athena nodded her head in agreement. In the old legends, Arachne had gotten into trouble because of pride. She'd bragged about her tapestries being better than Athena's, which had led to Mount Olympus's first reality TV punishment program: So You Think You Can Weave Better Than a Goddess? Arachne had lost in a big way. "Yep. My buddy Apollo and I earned about fifty two thousand drachmas for that show. The house was full and everyone on Olympus wanted to see it. How could we say no to that when everybody was willing to offer fifteen drachmas for one seat?" grinned Hermes as he and Apollo high-fived. Annabeth knew something about being prideful. It was her fatal flaw as well. She often had to remind herself that she couldn't do everything alone. She wasn't always the best person for every job. Sometimes she got tunnel vision and forgot about what other people needed, even Percy. And she could get easily distracted talking about her favorite projects. But could she use that weakness against the spider? Maybe if she stalled for time…though she wasn't sure how stalling would help. Her friends wouldn't be able to reach her, even if they knew where to go. The cavalry would not be coming. Still, stalling was better than dying. She tried to keep her expression calm, which wasn't easy with a broken ankle. She limped toward the nearest tapestry—a cityscape of Ancient Rome. "She wove a tapestry after all that drama and contest?" questioned Artemis. "I may have turned her into a monstrous creature but believe me, being a weaver, Arachne couldn't refrain herself from weaving any tapestry. It was her life. All her life she wove and she intended to the same and also, when the time would come, take out her revenge on me by killing my children." Athena said, sadness clear in her voice. " Marvellous," she said. "Tell me about this tapestry." Arachne's lips curled over her mandibles. "Why do you care? You're about to die." Athena could do nothing but only sigh. " Well, yes," Annabeth said. "But the way you captured the light is amazing. Did you use real golden thread for the sunbeams?" The weaving truly was stunning. Annabeth didn't have to pretend to be impressed. Arachne allowed herself a smug smile. "No, child. Not gold. I blended the colors, contrasting bright yellow with darker hues. That's what gives it a three-dimensional effect." " Beautiful." Annabeth's mind split into two different levels: one carrying on the conversation, the other madly grasping for a scheme to survive. Nothing came to her. Arachne had been beaten only once—by Athena herself, and that had taken godly magic and incredible skill in a weaving contest. "So you used your godly powers in that contest?" asked a very curious Aphrodite. "Yes as Arachne's tapestry was as beautiful as mine. To teach her a lesson, I had to use some godly powers." Said Athena. "Well, I can't say that I'm not worried for your daughter Athena. It makes me wonder, where my son is. Isn't he supposed to be with Annabeth?" The goddess of wisdom shrugged and looked at the Hearth, wanting to go down and help her daughter but she knew that she couldn't as she was bound to Olympus until and unless Zeus gave her the permission to go down and help her. But she knew that Zeus wouldn't do that. The danger of an Olympian was much greater in value to him than a life a demigod. " So…" she said. "Did you see this scene yourself?" Arachne hissed, her mouth foaming in a not-very-attractive way. "You are trying to delay your death. It won't work." " No, no," Annabeth insisted. "It just seems a shame that these beautiful tapestries can't be seen by everyone. They belong in a museum, or…" " Or what?" Arachne asked. "I have a very bad idea about where this is going." Said Hermes, sweating a bit. A crazy idea sprang fully formed from Annabeth's mind, like her mom jumping out of Zeus's noggin. The Gods chuckled at Annabeth's thought. But could she make it work? "Of course she can. That brat is Athena's daughter." Muttered Dionysus. " Nothing." She sighed wistfully. "It's a silly thought. Too bad." Arachne scuttled down the statue until she was perched atop the goddess's shield. Even from that distance, Annabeth could smell the spider's stink, like an entire bakery full of pastries left to go bad for a month. "I give up." Said Apollo, while laughing hard, "This is too much for me to handle. I mean seriously? Annabeth should be one of the Muses. The Muse of Humorous Statemen….." Apollo trailed off when he noticed that Athena was glaring at him. " What?" the spider pressed. "What silly thought?" Annabeth had to force herself not to back away. Broken ankle or no, every nerve in her body pulsed with fear, telling her to get away from the huge spider hovering over her. " Oh…it's just that I was put in charge of redesigning Mount Olympus," she said. "You know, after the Titan War. I've completed most of the work, but we need a lot of quality public art. The throne room of the gods, for instance…I was thinking your work would be perfect to display there. The Olympians could finally see how talented you are. As I said, it was a silly thought." "Yes." Zeus nodded strongly, "It would be a total embarrassment for the Gods. Tapestries woven by a spider?!" "I WON'T ALLOW IT!" Zeus boomed. Arachne's hairy abdomen quivered. Her four eyes glimmered as if she had a separate thought behind each and was trying to weave them into a coherent web. " You're redesigning Mount Olympus," she said. "My work…in the throne room." " Well, other places too," Annabeth said. "The main pavilion could use several of these. That one with the Greek landscape—the Nine Muses would love that. And I'm sure the other gods would be fighting over your work as well. They'd compete to have your tapestries in their palaces. I guess, aside from Athena, none of the gods has ever seen what you can do?" Arachne snapped her mandibles. "Hardly. In the old days, Athena tore up all my best work. My tapestries depicted the gods in rather unflattering ways, you see. Your mother didn't appreciate that." " Rather hypocritical," Annabeth said. "Uh oh!" muttered Aphrodite, "Annabeth sweety, you should never criticize your mother like that. She is likely to blast you into millions of pieces." " Since the gods make fun of each other all the time. I think the trick would be to pit one god against another. Ares, for instance, would love a tapestry making fun of my mother. He's always resented Athena." "Hmm." Ares pondered over the idea. … … … He then suddenly clicked his fingers, his dark red eyes shining with excitement, "Actually, that isn't a bad idea at all. This could work. Give my special thanks to Annabeth, Athena." The goddess of wisdom rolled her eyes. Arachne's head tilted at an unnatural angle. "You would work against your own mother?" "Yeah Annabeth, you would work against your own mother?" said Hera. " I'm just telling you what Ares would like," Annabeth said. "And Zeus would love something that made fun of Poseidon. Oh, I'm sure if the Olympians saw your work, they'd realize how amazing you are, and I'd have to broker a bidding war. As for working against my mother, why shouldn't I? She sent me here to die, didn't she? The last time I saw her in New York, she basically disowned me." The Gods raised their eyebrows. Athena blushed and said nothing but bowed her head in embarrassment. "You disowned your own daughter?" asked Hestia in surprise. "This was the only way I could make her search for Athena Parthenos." "I should say Athena, I don't like your way of issuing quests to your own children." Said Poseidon. Athena