AN: AU set at the end of DH, with Snape surviving due to Harry's intervention just before Nagini kills him. This will be a shorter story encompassing the end of the series and possibly an alternate epilogue. Bolded sections are direct quotes from the lovely J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows . I do not own her characters or setting. Reviews are always appreciated! If you have specific questions or critiques, PM is a better way to get a response from me :) If you like what you see (or, like me, are obsessed with Snape), feel free to check out my other fics, including a Snape-adopts-young-Harry fic! Cheers! MORS CERTA, HORA INCERTA Part One " Kill ." Voldemort's command, spoken in Parseltongue, seemed to ripple through the air, a spell in and of itself. And all Harry could see as he looked through Voldemort's eyes was the face of the man who'd betrayed him so deeply. Pale as milk, weary, etched with terror. And Harry could see defeat in his eyes, resignation, and a regret so palpable that it pierced him like the jagged edges of Sirius' shattered mirror. The world seemed to stop. Harry felt all the emotions he'd bottled up over the years come gushing forth like molten lava breaking free from the earth's crust. Anger at the man's treachery mingled with grudging respect for his brilliance. The man who'd saved his life countless times. The man who'd made his life miserable at every turn. The man who had taught him, through a battered text, information that had saved lives. Voldemort's lackey. The Half-Blood Prince. The man who'd killed Albus Dumbledore. The man Dumbledore had trusted above all others. The very man Dumbledore had summoned just moments before his death. But none of that mattered. Harry's body, led by his heart, acted of its own accord. He leapt forward from his hiding place at the mouth of the tunnel, wand drawn and pointed at Voldemort and the infernal snake, and hurled a blasting curse at the support beam directly behind the twisted wizard. The air exploded in fire and debris, staggering master and snake and buying Snape a fraction of a second that Harry hoped he would use to Apparate to safety. But the man had no such intention. He spun around, dark robes billowing, his features the picture of shock and terror. But upon meeting Harry's gaze, they contorted into an ugly snarl. Before Harry could react, the man barreled forward, seizing him by the forearm and knocking him back into the tunnel toward Ron and Hermione with such force that he could not cast another spell to defend himself. He'd made a grave error, he realized. Whatever small voice had compelled him to trust Snape, to save him from this horrendous fate, had been wrong, and now the man would deliver him straight into the hands of Voldemort himself, likely in a last-ditch attempt to save his own skin. Snape did not slow in his charge. Harry barely saw his arm lash out to snare both Ron and Hermione. He encountered no resistance in the stunned teenagers. And then the world was squeezing the life out of Harry, twisting and contorting like a broken kaleidoscope, the ground vanishing from beneath his feet before slamming back up to meet him with a force that shook him to his core. He should have been used to it by then. He'd had over a year to familiarize himself with the sensation. But this bout had seemed particularly violent, though perhaps it had something to do with his state of severe upset. He heard Snape's voice before he'd managed to push himself up from his knees, uttering soft incantations. Wards, he knew. Harry blearily blinked to see where the man had taken them. It was dark, unnaturally so…. The changing rooms on the Quidditch pitch! He could vaguely make out the colors. The Slytherin changing rooms. Out of sight, outside the anti-Apparition wards of the castle…. But what did Snape intend? To sell him to Voldemort? To bargain for his own life? Harry's attention immediately snapped to Ron and Hermione, who were staring, ashen faced and helpless as Snape waved a final ward into place. Harry reached for his wand, only to find it gone. Then he saw what Snape clutched in his left hand. Three wands. He must have summoned them, Harry rationalized, while they'd been recovering from the forced Apparition. So they were truly at Snape's mercy now. Snape rounded on him, though his face was strangely blank now, and unusually pale in the muted light of the changing room. The sound of canvas fluttering in the wind only added to the eeriness of the scene. Very deliberately, he tucked all three wands into the pocket of his robes, keeping the tip of his own wand trained on the three of him. "You will have them back," Snape hissed, his words a harsh whisper, as his eyes shifted quickly between the three of them, "after we have had a chance to chat. Do not move ." Harry felt as if red-hot pincers had clamped down on his lungs. He could scarcely breathe, much less force words out. His mind was spinning. Why hadn't Snape cursed them? Why promise to return their wands? Had his instincts been right? But no, that look of fury when the man had turned on him…. "What are you—," Harry began, but was quickly silenced with a flick of Snape's wand. The man glared at him, then delved a hand into his robes, searching for something, before emerging with a nondescript glass vial. "Portkey," he explained curtly, "directly to the Headmaster's office. I've not killed you yet, I've not turned you over to the Dark Lord, and I've no intention of doing so, so I ask that you offer me a modicum of trust and place your hands on this, as that will be much easier than trying to wrangle the three of you against your will. Disapparating was difficult enough." "The wards," Hermione began, her voice a feeble croak, but Snape interrupted her, his words brusque. "Albus spelled this himself. It will work." Snape held out the vial, his controlled posture belied by glimmers of a wild desperation in his dark eyes. Harry locked eyes with the man for just a moment. He could not name what he saw there, but whatever it was, it assuaged his greatest fears. On a deep level, he knew that the man could be trusted, that this was not some elaborate scheme. He turned to meet Ron and Hermione's frightened gazes, and nodded briefly. "Are you mad?" Ron hissed. Harry merely placed his hand on the vial. "Oh, bloody hell," Ron muttered. "Today, Weasley," Snape growled. "Before we have a host of Death Eaters on our hands!" Hermione placed her hand on the vial, and at last Ron did the same. " Mors certa, hora incerta ," Snape murmured, and at once they were hurtling through space again. XXXXX They landed hard on the stone floor of the office. Snape was the first to recover, and he wasted no time in spelling the wall sconces to life. Warm firelight flooded the room, and instantly the place looked less dismal. Apparently, Snape's Silencing Charm had worn off, because Harry found that he could speak again. And the first words that rolled off his tongue were foolish and irrelevant, but the question was burning in him and he could think of nothing else to say. "Why didn't you defend yourself?" Snape rounded on him, his face twisted back into that ugly, furious expression that Harry had seen when the man had made to grab him in the Shrieking Shack. He'd never seen the man so angry, not even after Harry had peered into the professor's Pensieve during their Occlumency lessons. He looked thunderous, murderous even, capable of spitting fire. "You bloody, insolent, insufferable, brainless Gryffindor !" the man spat, his tone the epitome of contempt. He descended on Harry like a black wraith, seizing the boy by his collar with both hands. He shook his prey violently, so hard that the boy's glasses fell askew. "What in Merlin's name were you thinking, revealing yourself like that? After all that has been sacrificed to keep you alive, you ungrateful, arrogant little brat , you go and risk it all, and for what? A Blasting Curse! You could have brought the roof down on your heads! Not to mention what would have happened had the Dark Lord gotten his hands on you! You think he would have ended you quickly, with your two little friends there? He would have killed them painfully, he would have made you watch!" "I was trying to save you!" Harry cried, trying to free himself from the strong, unrelenting hands that were rattling him as if he were a maraca. " I don't need saving !" Snape roared, nearly deafening the boy. "I thought you had more sense, Potter! What would you have done, facing the Dark Lord and his snake? Not to mention me, assuming you were not aware of my true loyalties! Oh, I know you believe the three of you are invincible, and Albus has scarcely disabused you of that notion, but let me enlighten you, you are not . The Dark Lord has made short work of witches and wizards much more powerful and experienced than you! Have you learned nothing? You cannot confront him head on!" At last Snape thrust Harry back, his chest rising and falling rapidly, his eyes glazed like a feral animal's. He looked like a man deranged, with strands of hair plastered to his drenched face, his lips as pale as marble. They stood in silence for a moment, Snape's rant somehow seeming to continue to echo in the chamber. After a moment, Snape seemed to have calmed considerably. His eyes were less glazed, more controlled, and his chest was not heaving quite so violently. "No one was Splinched earlier?" he demanded levelly, his eyes raking up and down the three teenagers before him. When he got no response other than blank stares, he snapped, "Speak up! I keep Essence of Dittany on hand, and I need to know before you bleed out! None of you are of any use if you're incapacitated, you understand!" When there was still no response, Snape turned on heel and stalked over to the wall, where he summoned the stone Pensieve out from the wall. Without a second of hesitation, he closed his eyes, placed his wand against his temple, and began drawing out strand after strand of silvery, flowing memories, which he dropped, one by one, into the waters of the Pensieve. "He would have killed you," Harry said at last. His words were quiet but steady. Snape drew another strand out, placed it in the basin, then turned crisply back to the boy, his features drawn in a fearsome glower. "He would have killed you ," he returned icily. "And as only one of us is named in prophecy as the Dark Lord's equal, I think we know which would be the greater loss. Now, there are things you must know, Potter, and precious little time for you to learn them, so for once in your life hold your damned tongue ." And with that Snape returned to the Pensieve and continued to extract memories. He was dropping a final strand into the basin when the voice he'd grown to loathe above all others echoed like rolling thunder over the grounds. " You have fought valiantly," Voldemort commended them. "Lord Voldemort knows how to value bravery." Snape snorted derisively, unable to help himself. He ignored three pairs of wide eyes that suddenly swung to him. " Yet you have sustained heavy losses," the voice continued. "If you continue to resist me, you will all die, one by one. I do not wish this to happen.