A/N: This was an idea that I've been working on as a break from my other stories. Don't know where it's going, how long it might be, or if it will be continued. If you like it, give me a shout! Also, it's not terribly original or anything, so be forewarned. Just another Occlumency-makes-Snape-see-who-Harry-really-is type story, probably headed in the mentor/adoption direction. Also, I do not have my copy of OOTP around and so I've probably committed many egregious errors in regards to canon details and timeline. Thanks in advance to anyone who spots an issue; I promise it will be corrected. Cheers! Harry slumped back to the ground, his brow covered in sweat and his stomach once again nearly in dry heaves. He couldn't keep doing this, he thought. Night after night, with Snape towering above him, torturing him, ripping through his memories, taunting him and criticizing him and insulting him at every turn. He couldn't take another moment. Snape stood in front of his desk, wand drawn, his natural menace only enhanced by the contents of his office. The glass jars of the shelves behind him glimmered ominously in the dim torchlight of the man's office, and sometimes Harry swore that the creatures in those jars were winking at him. " Concentrate , Potter!" Snape spat, disgusted. "How many weeks have we been at this? How many hours of my precious time have you wasted? And still—still!—you have been unable to push me from your mind. Not even a feeble shove, not a shred of resistance—" "I'm trying!" Harry cried, fighting back the frustrated tears brimming in his eyes. "I don't know what I'm doing wrong—" "Apparently everything, since you have yet to do one thing right !" he snapped. "Have you even been practicing?" "Yes," Harry exclaimed, though he knew that was not true. "Liar," Snape hissed, lowering his wand at last. "Lazy, arrogant… just like your father! I don't know why I expected any differently. No one could expect the sainted James Potter to have to work for a skill, no, that would be beneath him! And who would expect any differently for the great Harry Potter? He could not be expected to learn , no, not anything that doesn't come to him naturally!" Harry struggled to his feet. "Stop talking about my father—" "I will do no such thing," Snape sneered. "Not when you are so proud to see yourself in him. Here is the truth, Potter, and listen well. Your father was a swine, inconceivably entitled, incapable of seeing past the tip of his nose, and you are no different—" "I AM NOT MY FATHER!" Harry roared, feeling a sudden surge of power rising in him like a tidal wave. He could feel it, whatever it was, in his veins and against his skin. It thrummed, it pulsed, seemingly to the rhythm of his racing heart. The torches began to flicker, and all the jars began to clatter against each other. "Potter," Snape growled, his tone deadly, his eyes flashing. "You do not speak to me in that insolent—" The power radiating out from Harry only seemed to intensify at that. It felt to Harry as if the walls themselves were shaking. "Potter, calm yourself." Now the anger had faded somewhat, and Snape's tone had turned stony and imperious. But there was no stopping this flood. Harry could feel it rushing forth from the core of his being, his magic mingling with his charged emotions until the two were pouring out of him, inseparably intertwined. The force of it knocked Snape back so that he was caught leaning against his desk, bracing himself by his palms, his pale face absolutely white with rage. The man opened his mouth to speak again, but no sound came out. Which was fine. Because Harry had a lot to say. "That's all I've ever heard from you, from day one! Just like your father, just like your father, parroted over and over! Is that all you have to say? Do you like blinding yourself? Because how the bloody hell can I be just like my father when I never even knew the man? "Oh, no, but it doesn't matter, bad blood will out—isn't that right, Snape? Just like my cow of an aunt said! Oh, you'd love the woman! You could go on and on about how my parents were bloody laze-about drunks, how they got themselves killed through their own stupidity, about how I'm such a burden! You could spend all day comparing my poor manners to the nasty little puppies she breeds! But don't mention Hogwarts, mind, she thinks I go to St. Brutus'—for incurably criminal boys, you know, exactly where I belong! That's where they tell everyone I go! Go on, Snape, have a laugh! Famous Harry Potter, and his relatives lie and say he goes to a special school for young felons! Bet you wish they'd really shipped me off there! "Yes, I'm just like my father, a bloody criminal bastard who doesn't care about anyone but himself! I'm so full of myself, I strut around Hogwarts, I flout every rule for no reason other than to satisfy my own desires! Mind, you don't have a single damned piece of evidence that would let you draw such extreme conclusions, but hell, why should you be rational? Might as well be like everyone else! While you're at it, get paid for your opinions! Write a bloody article for the Prophet, an exclusive from the Boy Who Lies' favorite professor! Tell them all about how I'm a menace and a pathological liar! Tell them all about how I'm constantly making up stories for more attention, because Merlin knows I don't get enough of it! "I loved it my first year, when I went from living in a bloody cupboard under the stairs to having every damned person I met know my name and my life story! Oh, that was grand! One minute I'm smacked upside the head anytime the neighbors get a whiff of my existence, the next I have people fawning all over me because my parents were slaughtered and I just happened to survive. God, it's just great having people thank you for being an orphan. Like having salt rubbed in that wound every single damned day—and thanks for that, too, Professor, for comparing me to the father I'll never know all the time! Thanks for drawing more attention to the poor, orphaned Boy Who Bloody Lived! Made sure to do that on the very first day, didn't you? "Yeah, it must have felt great to humiliate the little kid who'd just learned magic existed a month prior! It wasn't like it was overwhelming or anything, learning about all that and trying to convince my goddamned relatives to let me even come to this school! It's not like they tried to hide from all the bloody owls delivering our mail on a deserted island in the middle of the godforsaken sea or anything! It's not like I was raised in a home where the m-word got me locked up without meals! Oh, that's right, I didn't even know magic was real, and they still didn't let me say it! Excuse me, Professor, I should have spent that precious month memorizing the ingredients for the Draught of Living Death, or looking up what useful things might be hidden in goat stomachs, or swallowing the entire bloody text on magical herbs so I'd know all the possible names of plants we'd be using! How remiss of me!" Harry wasn't done. The magic was still pouring out of him, steady as ever. The jars chattered against each other on their shelves, and Snape still seemed to be frozen against his desk, silenced by Harry's power. The man didn't even seem capable of drawing his wand. But his face was no longer contorted in rage; now it was blanched, drawn, inscrutable, his dark eyes locked on Harry. Harry didn't care. He could feel his blood coursing in him still, wild, and could hear the thud of his heart against his ribcage. And all he cared about was letting all this out. The words seemed to be streaming out from some pit inside him, a place where they'd gathered and festered for five long years, and now he was ready to purge himself of their poison. "Oh, but let me guess, Professor," Harry continued caustically, "you don't believe a damned word coming out of my mouth! No, poor Potter is just making up stories again, wallowing in self-pity, trying to make his mean Potions professor feel bad for him. Well, I don't give a damn what you think! No self-respecting person should! You're so miserable and bitter that the only way you can keep going is by tormenting others and spreading the misery, so that everyone's just as unhappy as you are. But I'm done. I'm not letting you unload on me anymore. You can find yourself another outlet. "Here's the truth, sir . You call me arrogant. You call me lazy. You might as well be talking to yourself! You think you have any right to judge my father, however he acted, when all you do is humiliate me and insult me, day after day? You think you're better than him? He'd have to be Voldemort himself for that to be true! "And I'm lazy? I didn't prepare? There was nothing to prepare! You're here to instruct me, and all you have for me is three useless, meaningless words! Clear your mind . Oh, and control your emotions. Just as good as cast this spell or brew this potion . At least in class you bother to write the damned instructions out! At least I have a text to make up for your piss-poor teaching skills! "You know how important these lessons are. You know I'm having visions, that he can hurt me, that I'm a vulnerability to all of us right now, and you're still arrogant enough to sit down here, night after night, attacking me, pawing through my mind, and then blame me when I can't do whatever the hell it is I'm supposed to do! Not taking the time to figure out another goddamn way of teaching is the definition of arrogance and laziness! "Well, don't worry, sir, I think we're done here. I'd have better luck teaching myself at this rate, and I won't be wasting your precious time anymore. And who knows, in the meantime maybe you'll get lucky! Maybe Voldemort'll figure out how to get into my mind and destroy it from the inside out! Maybe I'll end up in a ward at St. Mungo's, and you'll never have to worry about the bloody Boy Who Lived ever again! Better yet, maybe he'll figure out how to kill me from a distance! You'd just love that, wouldn't you?" Snape actually seemed to flinch at that. "Keep your fingers crossed, sir," Harry finished coldly, his hands clenched into fists beside him. "Maybe you'll never have to see me again." The jars at last stopped shaking. And with those words, Harry spun on heel, snatching up his bag, and ran out of the office, his heart still hammering in his chest. XXXXX It took Snape several minutes to draw himself out of the stupor that he'd been in since Potter had ended his little rant. The Potions Master's mind was whirling with everything that had just happened. Part of him was furious. What Potter had done was beyond the pale. Accidental magic or not, he'd still held Snape against his will in his own office and yelled at him for a good twenty-five minutes. The whelp had spoken so disrespectfully that Snape could still feel his blood boiling. The worthless child should be strapped, he thought, for having dared to take such a tone. The nerve of that brat, silencing him and screaming at him like an insufferable twit, proving that he was every