Harry glared at his potion. He would not look up. He would not give the man the satisfaction. Whatever foolish part of him had believed that things would somehow be better after the wedding had gone and died a painful death already, and now there was only bitter resentment left. Yes, his professor and new stepfather still treated him with all the loathing and prejudice that he had previously. Except, of course, when his mum was in the room. Just like Harry. When Lily was watching them, she saw the two of them bonding. Not quite warm and friendly, but cordial and cautious. Harry even managed the occasional smile for his hated Potions professor, just to put his mother's heart at ease. He didn't need her worrying or second-guessing her choice to marry the man. Because for all his other faults, Severus Snape did make Lily Potter (now Potter-Snape) happy. And Harry wanted his mother to be happy more than anything in the world. So he put on a marvelous show with the man anytime they breakfasted together, or had a 'family day', or were in the general vicinity of each other under Lily's observation. Snape was still awful in class, and very conspicuous about it. He had a pass, after all. He was a spy. He had to maintain his cover, and his marriage to Lily was a complete secret excepting a select few. So Harry could not possibly complain to his mother of ill treatment (not that he would, because it would cause tension for all of them, and general misery). His Uncle Remus was also a non-starter. Since his godfather had been offered the position after two abnormally disastrous years in a row—first Quirrellmort, the inhuman abomination who'd tried to murder Harry, and then Lockhart, the pompous, incompetent fraud who'd tried to Obliviate Harry—Remus had managed to avoid Snape's ire by staying out of the man's way and, in all instances where such avoidance was impossible, maintaining a cool civility. Harry knew just how poorly his father and friends had treated Snape in school, courtesy of Lily, who had, on more than one occasion, threatened to beat the Potter genes right out of Harry if he so much as hinted at such despicable tendencies. And so Harry understood Remus' delicate position, and the reasons he was predisposed to see only the best in Snape as a way of compensating for his complicity in James Potter's pranks and bullying. Too, Harry knew that even if Remus believed Harry's accusations, the man would only go straight to Lily and urge her to cut all ties to the man. And Harry could not have that. So Harry would suffer in silence. It was only two classes a week. But lately Snape had been particularly vicious. It was as if he were testing the limits of Harry's commitment to his silence. The professor had taken to deriding and insulting his stepson at every turn, almost sabotaging his class work himself. And Harry was close to a breaking point. His potion was nearing a critical stage. It was one of the more complex brews they'd tackled in his third year, a Solution of Clarity, and so far his was coming along well. He'd taken to studying extra for this class just to mitigate all the ill effects of having to put up with Snape, so he knew the instructions fairly well, as well as the precautionary tips and correctional methods highlighted in his text. Taking a calming breath, Harry began adding his pine needles, one at a time, watching with bated breath as his pale green solution began to darken gradually. A few more, he told himself, and it would be the correct shade, a forest green. One more... and there it was. He let out a heavy breath and picked up his stirrer, knowing he could waste no time. Letting it settle now would ruin it. He began working the slow clockwise figure eights that the text recommended, taking care that his strokes were even and smooth. He would get this. He would turn in a perfect assignment today, and there would be nothing that Snape could do. "Potter." Harry winced. Setting his jaw and continuing his stirring, he called, "Yes, Professor?" "Come see me at my desk." Harry felt his blood start to thrum angrily in his veins. No. He could not do this, not now. Through gritted teeth, he bit out, "I need to tend my potion, Professor-" "Longbottom will watch it for you." Harry chanced a glance up, only to find Snape sneering at him triumphantly from behind a stack of papers. His eyes flickered over to Neville, who was only barely managing his own cauldron. He already looked flustered and nervous. "Maybe Hermione-" "Miss Granger will tend to her own cauldron, not attempt to salvage yours, Potter. Up here. Now." Harry sighed. He knew there was no point in arguing. He would just lose points or earn more detentions. He extracted his stirring rod, set it down carefully, and made his way to the front of the room, feeling like a prisoner reporting for sentencing. "You needed something, sir?" Harry ground out, keeping his eyes locked on the corner of the man's desk so he couldn't be accused of glaring. "Eyes up here, Potter." Harry sighed and dragged his gaze up to the hateful man. And waited. Snape seemed to be taking his sweet time. He rifled through the stack of papers, flipping them over fastidiously so that they remained neat and perfectly aligned. Harry lost patience quickly. "Did you need something, or can I get back to my potion? Sir?" "Ten points from Gryffindor for your tone," Snape announced, a vindictive little smile playing about his lips. "Patience is a virtue, and it would behoove you to exhibit some. Especially with me." Harry forced himself to draw another calming breath. You can't win this fight, he reminded himself. No sense in trying. Take the path of least resistance. "I'm sorry, sir." "Inadequate," Snape murmured. "Ah, here it is." He withdrew the essay Harry had turned in the previous week. "Like this, as it is blatantly full of plagiarism." Harry could feel his nails digging into his palms. "I wrote that myself, sir. I did the research myself. If you have evidence that I didn't, though, maybe we could discuss it after class-" "We will discuss it now," Snape cut him off coolly. "Hard as it may be for you to comprehend, my time is valuable, and I do have obligations apart from chastising you for academic dishonesty. So, would you care to explain why your abysmal understanding of potions has suddenly and miraculously improved by leaps and bounds?" Harry stared back at his professor as fiercely as he possibly could. "I decided to make an effort, sir, since my grades have been so bad recently. I spent a lot of time on that assignment and went through a lot of drafts. I know that if I want a decent mark, I'll have to put in a lot more effort for the rest of the term, since my practicals have been so bad." "Hm." Snape sounded unconvinced. "I will look into the matter and let you know my verdict. You may return to your station." Harry was fuming. As if it wasn't enough to have the man purposefully tripping him up in class, now he had to accuse him of cheating! In front of the whole class! Neville caught Harry's eye as he returned to his bench. The boy looked positively mournful. "I tried to watch it, Harry, really, I did, but..." Harry peered into his cauldron. What he found was burbling black sludge, completely unsalvageable. He let loose a low growl of frustration, fighting the urge to tip the whole thing over and dump it to the ground. Hermione and Ron cast him furtive sympathetic glances, but they didn't dare try to speak. They'd learned over the last two weeks that trying to comfort Harry would only lead to a tongue-lashing from Snape and points from Gryffindor. They could commiserate after class. Harry forced a few more deep breaths. If he had to deal with this for much longer, he was going to have to take up meditation. Hopefully Snape would eventually mellow out and go back to his run-of-the-mill nastiness. That, at least, Harry could brush off. At last, Harry had calmed enough to draw his wand and mutter a banishing spell over the contents of his cauldron. There was no use in even trying to turn it in. That sludge was absolutely worthless, likely toxic. Another zero, he thought. Hermione swept him into a hug after class, once they'd cleared the hallway outside the potions classroom. "Oh, he's just awful," she murmured into Harry's shoulder. "I saw how careful you were being today, Harry. I even tried to help Neville, but I was afraid to be too obvious about it... and to call your work plagiarism! The nerve! He has nothing to base that on, and I know that Dumbledore will see reason. Snape can't do anything about it on his own, you know, it's in the school charter. Serious charges like that have to be investigated by the Headmaster and the student's Head of House..." "S'alright, Hermione," Harry reassured her. "I know it'll be fine. He's just being a git about it. It was just an excuse to get me away from my potion so I'd mess it up." "But detention too, for failing the assignment," Ron groaned. "That's just evil. Harry, you have to say something to your mum. She's been duped-" "No," Harry said firmly, pulling away from Hermione so that he could level a glare at Ron. "She's not. Mum's too smart for that. And... and he's good to her. I see it. It's like he's a different person with her. He makes her happy, and that's all that matters. I... I don't want it to be like it was when I was little, before they got over their differences. I told you that. She was miserable. If this is what I have to put up with... well, it's a small price." "But you shouldn't have to put up with it!" Hermione cried. "He's the adult, and he's acting like a-a-" "Total and complete jerk-off arsehole," Ron stated matter-of-factly. "Really, mate, you can't go through life letting the man whack you around like a Bludger. You'll go barmy." Harry sighed. "He'll calm down. I mean, it has to be exhausting, being this hateful. Look, let's just forget about it all, okay? I don't really want to talk about it." "We have a free period now," Ron pointed out. "Want to go flying, blow off some steam?" Harry shook his head. "Can't. I have too much homework, and if I'm going to be in detention all night tonight..." He let loose a heavy sigh and turned to Hermione, who was looking at him intently, her eyes filled with concern. "Library?" She nodded, her lips pursing into a little frown. "Maybe you could talk to Dumbledore," she suggested. "He could speak with Snape without involving your mother at all-" "No," Harry said, with an air of finality. "Dumbledore... he wouldn't understand. He thinks this whole situation with Snape is as much my fault as Snape's, and I'm not about to get into that argument with him again. Okay?" Hermione sighed. "Okay, but if you just explained to Professor Dumbledore-" "I said no," Harry snapped, a little too forcefully. Hermione took a step back, startled. "All right," she agreed quietly. "Do you have your books?" Harry nodded. "Ron? You going to join us?" "Nah," Ron mumbled. "You guys have fun. I'm, er... I'm going to go hang out in the Tower for a bit." Hermione rolled her eyes. "Honestly, you're already behind in every class. And I'm not helping you cram for your exams this year, Ronald! If you can't be responsible-" "Fine,"