Title: It's all so Bewley! Chapter 1 Fandom: Charlie Bewley, Ashley Greene and Twilight Pairing: Charlie/Ashley Warning: Contains sexual activities Rating: M Author: RickyH AN: So I'm a huge fan of Charlie and all his great roles, especially his role as Demetri in Twilight, although this story will not be based on any Twilight context. Summary: In this Fic Charlie Bewley is the owner of several major companies all around the world and Ashley Greene ends up as his P.A. after they have spent a night together. Disclaimer: I do not own these people in any way possible! ,-_-, Happy Reading! Chapter 1 Ashley felt that going out that night was a bad idea, since she had a job interview first thing in the morning but her friends would not take no for an answer as it was her 25th birthday. But as she stood with her back to the neon light wall of the club, dressed in a shiny grey silk dress with her hair lightly falling onto her bare shoulders she was suddenly feeling the urge to thank her friends for dragging her out there. He was standing in front of her, his body hovering over her as his arms were stretched out on either sides of her face, his palms flat to the wall. He was so close, brushing his body ever so lightly against hers and Ashley felt a tingle of lust thrust between her thighs as she licked her lips. The young man whom had been dancing up against her for the last hour had introduced himself as Charlie, no last name and all Ashley wanted from this stranger was for him to stop stalling and kiss her there and then! Charlie smiled ever so lightly as he leaned in closer, his muscular body now pressed up against hers with her soft hands on his hips. He could feel the soft touch of her fingers on his hipbones as his t-shirt was slightly drawn up, exposing his flesh. He wasn't really the type of guy who would have a one night stand and if he could help it, he would be getting her number before the end of the night, even if he was a bit drunk, but as for this second he would forget about her number and… Leaning in closer Charlie finely placed his lips to hers and she felt herself pulling him closer, his body now pushing her up against the wall with a bit more pressure and a moan of relief left her tiny mouth, despite the fact that his breath smelled of whisky. Within the next second Ashley parted her lips as she felt his warm tongue brushing against her lips, asking for permission to enter. As soon as her lips parted he slipped his tongue in ever so slowly, just getting the taste of her. With another slow movement he found her tongue and twirling his around hers, deepening the kiss. As she moaned again Charlie brought his left hand down from the wall and took hold of her hair, turning his head to get a better angle as he slipped his tongue deeper into her mouth. To him she tasted like a rain drop, so pure and soft to his tongue. Under his right hand, which was now wrapped around her cheek, her skin reminded him of a baby, so soft and fragile, like he could break her if he held her too tight. Against his will, he broke the kiss, "What do you say we get out of here," he whispered, his breath slightly uneven, "Perhaps your place?" 'Fuck' he knew he was going to regret making something so pure scream his name, but he wanted her, he wanted to get her out of that pretty little dress and tousle her hair with his fingers as he went down on her… "No," she said in an angelic voice with her breath rushed, bringing his thoughts back to her, "Too far. There are rooms for rent upstairs?" Charlie was a bit surprised to hear her suggestion. Sure she was beautiful and to many men she would seem like she could be a 'fun time', but to him she seemed like she would never do something like that. "Err, okay," he smiled as he took her hand and moved to the stairs. When the sunlight lit up Charlie's closed eyelids orange he stirred awake, turning his head away from the heat as he reached a hand over to the other side of the bed only to find it empty. He flew up at once, his bright dark blue eyes searching the room. "Ashley!" No answer. Looking down at his Harry Winston watch that stated 07:15 he realised she must have left hours ago. Charlie wipped his head around hoping to find a note with a number on the bed stand, but no such luck. His eyes then shot down at the sheets under his fingers were it felt slightly harder than the rest of the sheet. Lifting up the covers, Charlie's eyes stretched wide. Blood, spots of dry blood, where Ashley had lain under him last night. "Fuck!" he cursed out loud as he felt like a dog, he knew bedding this girl was going to haunt him the next morning, but really? She looked like she wouldn't sleep with just any guy and she had said that she never did anything like that (twice) before he made love to her, but she had to be a virgin as well? Disappointed that he had deflowered a girl and didn't even know her last name or how to find her, he swung his feet out of bed and reached for his pants, his thoughts going back to the night before. Ashley giggled the cutest giggle Charlie had ever heard in his entire life as he shut the door behind them. When he turned around smiling she had her hands on the hem of his t-shirt, pulling it up and then over his sandy blond hair. Dropping his shirt to the floor as he shuffled out of his sneakers Charlie took hold of her firm behind and found her lips. With a moan to his touch, Ashley moved her soft hands from his forearms all the way up to his shoulders where she wrapped them around his neck and stroked his neck hair. As Charlie turned his head to deepen their kiss, his hands made their way from her perfectly round arse to the zipper of her silk dress, gently zipping it down and with a soft tug of his hand he let it fall to the ground with a soft hush. Breaking the kiss he allowed his eyes to trail down from her lips to her perfect curves. She was so beautiful. Charlie felt the smile fall from his face as her hands came up as if she wanted to cover herself up only to drop them back to her sides with hesitance. " What's wrong?" he asked as he stroked at her cheek with the back of his knuckles. " Nothing," she said with a gulp, "I- I just don't usually do something like this". " Do you want to stop?" "… No." she said softly and with the tone of her voice, Charlie thought she was surprised that he had the decency to ask. He was about to ask her if she was sure,' when she wrapped her arms around his neck once more and she stood on her toes to find his lips. With slight hesitation Charlie wrapped his arms around her naked body, his left hand gently moving up her back as his right sunk into her thick wavy hair, lifting her slightly off the ground and onto his feet, he walked with her to the bed and laid her down gently. As he watched her sliding to the headboard of the bed, he started unbuckling his belt and zipped it down, letting it tumble to the ground along with his Kelvin, his blue eyes finding the dark brown of hers as she spoke. " I really want you to know that I have never done anything like this." " Ashley," he said as he crawled over to her on all fours, "If you're going to keep telling me this I'm going to take the hint and get you home safely," he said with a smile. She looked up at him with wide wondering eyes, "You would do that?" " Gees Ash, do I seem like that big an asshole?" he asked amused. She giggled at that and Charlie smiled warmly at the child in her, "No, it's just if you take me home now," she reached out a soft hand and wrapped it around his already hard manliness, "You're going to have a problem with this fella." She said with a naughty smile as he moaned in reaction to her touch. No longer willing to be the nice guy Charlie leaned in and found her lips hungrily. He cupped his hand around one of her perfect breasts and lightly massaged it in the palm of his hand. With a gasp of shock Charlie pulled away as she tightened her hold. Taking hold of her thighs Charlie yanked her down until she was flat on her back under him, forcing her hand away from him in the process, which had her giggling again. With a smile of his own Charlie took hold of her feet and placed them onto his bare chest, stroking down the curve of her legs and watched as they got goosebumps, which widened his smile as he met her staring eyes. Trailing his eyes back down to his hands he took hold of her black lace panties and gently removed them as she lifted her bottom to help. As soon as he had them off and had tossed them over his shoulder he lowered her feet from his chest, spreading her open, just to watch her close her knees. " Do you trust me?" he asked as he watched her cheeks turn a rosy-pink. She just nodded not trusting her own voice. " You don't need to be shy Ash, you're beautiful." Slowly he felt her opening her legs and as if to thank her, he leaned over, in between her lovely legs and kissed her. Reaching down a hand, he softly put his forefinger between her already moist lips and as he did that she freed a soft moan into his mouth, her long finger nails taking hold of his shoulder, bring him down closer as her hips arched up into his touch. He continued to stroke at the softness between her thighs as he broke the kiss, his lips trailing down the curve of her jaw and into her neck. He took his time exploring every curve of her body with his lips as she moaned and arched onto him with every stroke of his fingers. By the time his lips reached the lowest part of her flat stomach, Ashley was completely at ease under him. Her legs were spread open wide as if inviting him to take her, her breath was rushed and her eyes dark with lust as her body welcomed the feeling of pleasure. With one last kiss to her soft skin Charlie dropped onto his stomach, took a soft hold on her upper legs and dipped his head in between her long smooth legs and found the soft pink button between the moist lips. He barely had a chance to get into good rhythm when Ashley arched her back as she laid her head back, crushing the pillow between her and the bed, then her gasp changed into a high scream of his name in pleasure as she came, surprising him a bit with the amount of force. " Charlie, please! Please make love to me!" she begged as he licked at the moist running down into his mouth. With a smile Charlie sat up on