HEY! This is my brand new story! (I don't know why I'm doing this to myself) It is based off a character that I created for "The Mentors" by glb-03. So, obviously he's going to win, but pretend I didn't say that! :D DISCLAIMER: I don't own the Hunger Games. But I do own Damon, Dawn, and the other characters I create. :) "Damon. Wake up." Dawn's voice is awkwardly close to me. Of course, I can tell that her face is only inches from my own. She's going to try and scare me. So, instead of opening my eyes, my hands inch up and pinch her sides. She shrieks and throws herself off of me, landing hard on the ground. Laughing, I prop myself up on one elbow and turn to face her. "Backfired!" She tries to keep a straight face, but every time she looks at me, she can't help but giggle. Dawn looks at her elbow and proudly states, "It's developing a bruise." And then she says, "If I go to the Capitol today, I don't want to look pretty for them. I hope it swells." I sigh and push back my blanket, hopping off the bed and kneeling down beside her. I take her elbow in my hands, examining it, and say, "It's not going to swell." She curses under her breath. "You won't be going to the Capitol today." "How do you know that?" "We twins have that special power that warns us if one will be put in danger. Remember when you saved me from that cougar all those years ago?" True story. When I was twelve, I decided to hunt early in the woods that day to help my dad work less. He was exhausted, so I was going to take some game to the Keepers of the Kill (workers who preserve, pack, and ship off meats to the Capitol). Hunting is what we do here in District 9. But anyways, I was wandering through the woods with a bow and arrow strapped to my back when, suddenly, a doe came sprinting from one direction and ran right past me. Being the careless kid I was, I brushed off the panic I saw in that doe's eyes and walked towards the direction it was running from. And that's when I saw it. It was a cougar, chewing on a bloody bone, and it looked up and saw me. It dropped the bone and began stalking towards me. Fear set in as I pulled out my bow and arrow and started to load it, but the cougar was faster. It used its paw to strike away the weapon (and leaving me a scratch on my arm in the process) and then it pushed me to the ground and pinned me down. I swear to you, I saw my life pass before my eyes as the cougar snarled. But right as it was going for the kill, it stopped, the black eyes turned cloudy, and it collapsed. I pushed it off, shaking, and saw the arrow protruding from its back. To my left stood my dad, his bow in hand, and Dawn, who had started crying. Later that night, as I messed around with the bandages that wrapped around my left arm, I asked Dawn how they knew I was in trouble. And she told me that it was a feeling deep inside her; we've been joking about the "power" ever since. I stroke the thin white line on my left forearm as I remember the memory. "Yeah, I know what you're talking about," Dawn says. "Now then, let's not worry about the reaping and go eat breakfast instead. Okay?" I nod, and she leaves the room so I can get dressed. As I change into brown slacks and a beige colored shirt, I can't help but feel that something bad will happen today. Something horrible that I'm not expecting. And I hope, of all things, it has nothing to do with the reaping. I try and shake the feeling off as I exit my room and head over to the kitchen. My father's booming voice greets me. "I don't even know what happened in that dream. One minute, your mother was there. The next, she was a tree. I have no clue how that happened, or why, but it was very, uh, interesting. Oh, good morning, Damon!" He sits down at the table and begins to eat some bread and cheese. "I was just telling your mother and sister about the dream I had last night. Did you hear?" I nod, chuckling. "You dreamed that mother was a tree." Father points to me, his face serious. "Granted, she was a beautiful tree. But, a tree all the same." I glance over to my mother and say, "How do you feel about this?" Now, one thing about my mother… She is very quiet. She doesn't really talk a lot, but when she does, it's short and sweet. So, in response to my question, she simply says, "Well, it's your father for you, that for sure." She grins slightly. I smile back as I grab myself a piece of bread, take Dawn's hand, and start to pull her towards the door. "Let's go," I say. "Where?" "You'll see." I grin mischievously and close the door behind us. Here in District 9, you can venture into the woods about two hundred yards before the fence divides us from District 7. My family lives in the southernmost part of the district. In school, we learned that we live in a place that, long before the infamous Dark Days, was once called Canada. We get lots of snow every single year, and during summer, you usually never sweat. We finally enter the woods. Dawn doesn't know it, but we are meeting my best friend, Trevor, out here before the reaping. She has a little crush on him. About five minutes later, I spot his shadow around fifteen feet ahead. "Trevor! My man!" I shout. "What?" Dawn whispers, punching my arm playfully. "You didn't tell me he was coming!" I chuckle as he appears from behind a tree, a basket in hand. "Hey, guys!" Trevor waves, and out of the corner of my eye Dawn's cheeks turn a light shade of pink. "I brought the usual pre-reaping meal," he says, lifting the basket. "Bread, cheese, berries, and some good ole dried deer meat!" Dawn's eyes go wide. "Wait, you two meet up out here every year with all this food, and have never once thought to invite me? Might as well make up for lost time." She rubs her hands together. "Let's eat!" "I agree!" Trevor shouts, patting her back before walking off to find a good spot to sit. Dawn's cheeks turn even pinker, and I grin. Trevor and Dawn have a pretty interesting relationship. Dawn has a pretty big crush on him, while he thinks he might be in love every time he sees her. And neither knows how they feel about each other. Except for me, of course. Trevor tells us from up ahead that he has found a spot to eat, and I recognize it immediately. This is where Dawn and I came to celebrate our 15th birthday earlier this year. I laugh quietly out of merely recognition and plop down onto the ground. When everyone is seated, I take the basket from Trevor and divide the food evenly between the three of us. We start eating, and sit here in silence as the sun creeps its way up the sky. "Who do you guys think will be reaped today?" Dawn asks. "No clue. It's a lottery; you can't exactly make predictions," I say, popping a berry into my mouth. "If one of my friends is reaped, I'm volunteering for them," Dawn whispers. I shake my head. "No, you aren't. I couldn't live without you." I look to Trevor. "You haven't said a word. Any thoughts?" "You two know I couldn't volunteer for anyone. I would, but I can't bring myself to do it. Not after…" His voice cracks before he can finish, and I pat his leg reassuringly. Trevor lost his older brother to the 24th Games. He was killed in the bloodbath. His parents still struggle to recover from the loss of their eldest son. I'd have a hard time if I lost Dawn as well. That's why Trevor wouldn't be able to volunteer for anyone (personally, I'd rather go to the Capitol myself than have him volunteer for me). "Hey," I say. "You know the best thing about today is secretly making fun of our dang escort, Chanel, right?" "Yes! Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds—" We all finish in sync, "—be ever in your favor!" The three of us burst out laughing, and every time one of us tries to stop, it sets us all off again. By the time we finish, my sides are killing me and tears are streaming from my eyes. "I say that we finish up our meal and wander through the woods for a little bit," I suggest. "What time is the reaping again?" "Noon. It's probably around two o'clock right now." Dawn nods, and we eat in silence as everyone eats everything on their laps. I almost don't want to stop eating, but when I look at my lap, the food is all gone. Dang. I wait for Trevor and Dawn to finish up their own food, and when they do, we hide the basket in a bush and set off to our right. As our journey goes on, we happen to run into our favorite Peacekeeper (yes, we have a favorite). "You guys shouldn't be out in the woods on reaping day," he says with a serious tone, and then he chuckles. "I'm only kidding. Everyone's out here today. Good luck to the three of you!" He goes back to whatever he was doing. Trevor scoffs. "Peacekeepers…trying to socialize with us...who do they think they are?" "Um, Trevor, they think they are Peacekeepers. Trying to keep the peace." He stares at me like I'm stupid, and then he laughs. "Good point!" We wander some more, and eventually we run into some of our schoolmates. Unfortunately, being me, every girl at school thinks I'm cute. They want nothing more than for me to ask them on a date. As I glance over them, I see them blush, giggle, blow kisses at me, but there's only one girl I've got my eye on. "Hey Damon, there's Hope Vile over there." "Shush!" I say. I've liked her for as long as I can remember. But I have no idea if she likes me back. "I think now is a good time for us to leave. It's ten o'clock, and we need to get ready for the reaping." Dawn and Trevor nod, and we quickly turn on our heels and run off (good, I think some of those girls were ready to tackle me and plant my face with kisses). Within half an hour, we arrive back at the spot we ate at earlier. Trevor grabs his basket and waves goodbye to us as we head our separate ways. A warm bath in the bathroom awaits me when I arrive home. I wash my hair and body, enjoying the feel of the water running over me. When I'm done, I wrap a towel around my body and head over to my room. But not before I run into Dawn. "Damon! Jeez, put some clothes on!" She covers her eyes with one hand and waves me away with the other. "I'm wearing my underwear." "Ugh! Just go!" I laugh as she throws a stray pencil at me. I dodge it, and quickly take off to my room before something worse is thrown at me. Once I've arrived, I take off the towel. And then, I notice that my mother has ironed and laid out some clothes for me. It's