Percico: All's fair in Love and War Chapter One: The first encounter… *DISCLAIMER: I own nothing except the plot and ICDAT!* Hi, my awesome friends and readers alike. Hope you enjoy this Fanfic as well! Percy really hated Private schools. He had never thought that he would dislike his second year at The International College of Drama, Art and Technology – or as most referred to it, ICDAT ( A/N: pronounced, 'i-see-dat') – sure he'd turned sixteen and really wanted to make something of himself, except that he was already a billionaire anyway. His father, Poseidon, was the owner of the most successful hotel chain in the world, Lotus Hotel and Resort. His mom, Sally, was a formidable artist, sculptor and romance novelist. Guess she decided to write based on the fact that she and Percy's dad met rather romantically. Anyway, he groaned as his alarm went off. He sat up, looking at himself in the mirror directly across his circular king-sized bed. It was draped by a translucent blue curtain and was laced with blue comforters and white silk sheets. He looked rather pleased at his physique since he was absolutely muscular, but not too muscular, had a beautiful tan with piercing sea-green eyes. His black hair was slightly disheveled but he still managed to look good, nevertheless. He got off his bed, dressed in his underwear and gathered his stuff from his walk in closet. He had a shower in his suite, but saying it was a shower was the understatement of the century. When you walk in, there is a Jacuzzi right in the center of the room and above it, hung an elegant shower head about the half the size of his bed. He showered, picked out a blue tank top and pure black jeans. He set his hair, however in vain, since it remained slightly tousled. He walked pass multiple rooms through his hallway until he exited and was greeted an even wider hallway just before every door was a beautiful sculpture – made from different materials ranging from gold to jade – and the floor was draped with a beautiful Persian rug. He passed a pair of large cream double-door with golden-handled doors. The door were intricately designed along the edges with fine gold line. However, he knew better than to waltz into the master bedroom uninvited. He walked a little more until he reached and enormous staircase with black handles. He quickly raced down the stairs and walked behind them. He was greeted by the usual, a huge set of solid oak double-doors and at each door, was a vase with fresh flowers. He picked out an orchid and pushed pass the doors. He was greeted by an enormous room with rather large windows overlooking the early New York City horizon as the sun lazily made its way over the already brightening city. There was a huge crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling and the dining table was almost as large as the room. A fireplace crackled in the center of the room shedding light and radiating warmth. His mother sat end of the table. Her hair lazily pulled into a bun and strands of brown falling over her face. Her warm brown eyes looked up and brightened at the sight of her son. "Good morning, Percy, dear." Sally greeted. She was rather busy reading the newspaper and sipping some coffee while the maids, chefs and butlers were scurrying all over the place preparing breakfast. Though, she waiting for Percy to greet her before she resumed her previous task. "Morning, mom," Percy beamed as he handed her the orchid. She gave another warm smile before she returned to her newspaper. The set of double-doors leading to the immaculate kitchen as many of their staff walked in with a lot of food for breakfast. Trays of food everywhere. Dishes such as eggs, bacon, and also a lot of fruits. Multiple cereals and loads of toasted bread were placed elegantly and gracefully on the tables. There was even more food, however, Percy didn't care that much for food in the morning. He grabbed two slices of toast and began buttering them. He began sipping some coffee after taking a bite of toast. Poseidon walked in. the man had startling green eyes and jet black hair. His face was regal and he scrunched is nose a bit while speaking to someone over his cellphone. "No, she's not allowed as a customer at our American branch because of what happened last time !" Poseidon practically bellowed, his voice ringing out throughout the entire suite. He cut the call, as a girl walked behind him – Racheal – and was taking down notes, handing Poseidon some files. Poseidon walked up to Percy, ruffled the boy's hair and then walked up to his wife briefly kissing her on the cheek. "Morning," he said. "I won't be able to stay for breakfast. I have to go to the main branch in Las Vegas to attend to some business." He smiled warmly at his wife and son. "Oh, sure thing, honey." Sally said, looking up from her newspaper. "No prob, dad," Percy said. He really didn't mind, though, that would mean that he really wouldn't spend time with his dad. He sighed. Poseidon walked up to him and placed a firm hand on Percy's shoulder. "Yeah, I know, kiddo. But, after your school classes, I'm meeting a new business associate. He has a son a little younger than you. So, perhaps you two could become friends?" Poseidon asked. "That's great!" Percy beamed. He loved making new friends. Percy stole a glance at his smartphone and quickly jumped up. He was going to get late for school. "Bye mom, by dad!" Percy jogged out of the double-doors, hearing his parents call goodbye after him. He quickly ran to his study – which was in the private living room – grabbed his backpack and bolted to the elevator that would help him leave. He pressed the call button and when the elevator dinged open, he hurried in and decided to go to the lobby. When the doors dinged open again, he was warmly greeted by the staff currently working in the lobby. He called for Leo, the only worker he trusted enough with his car. "Morning, sir!" Leo beamed. "I told you not to call me that," Percy huffed. "Oh, alright. Do you want your car?" Leo asked. "Yep, stuck with school for another semester." Percy sighed. "Oh, cool. Be right back with your baby," Leo called as he walked to the elevator. While Percy waited, he decided to greet the receptionist so that he could just check out the news. "Morning, Nyssa," Percy said. She had lovely short, dark hair and chocolate brown eyes. Her complexion was slightly tanned. "Morning, Percy," she perked up from her computer, with a smile, "Always a pleasure," she said. "Same here," Percy said. He looked at the flat-screen television screen suspended just behind the dark haired girl. There was reporter on, with some rather fresh news. She had curly blond hair and spoke into the mic. "Yes, Chuck. It seems as though the di Angelo family have finally decided to put their son into a surrounding school…" Percy had heard of the di Angelo family. They were absolutely wealthy. Even more wealthy than his family. Mr. di Angelo – mostly known as Hades – was the owner of Precious Metals Mining and Partners. He also had shares in Percy's dad's hotel and ran even more businesses. His wife, Maria di Angelo was currently the most famous actress in the world and also a supermodel. She was also a very popular talk show hostess. His children, Bianca di Angelo was a very successful musician, singer and teen actress, she worked for Warner Bros Entertainment and Nickelodeon. Lastly, there was his son. No one knew much about him, since his parents concealed him the most. It was not that he was a terrible son or anything. He just didn't want people going crazy over him or begging for an autograph or so he heard from his friend, Piper McLean. The voice of the reporter jerked him from his thoughts. "… and we can't wait to finally meet him. His name is Nico. However, we are yet to find out what the young man looks like. We don't even know his age since this is the first time he'll actually be appearing in public. We do hope to eat him up as we did with his family. Rumor has it that he might be going to Hollywood Arts or even a Private school. Wherever it is, we have reporters stationed at every private American school possible. This has been Jenna Garner reporting live from The International College of Drama, Art and Technology for Glamor News America. Back to you at the station, Chuck," So, people actually think it's going to be at our school, Percy thought. He chuckled to himself. He would really like to meet this infamous Nico di Angelo. Just then, Leo honked for Percy, cursing in Spanish because Percy took forever. Percy said goodbye to Nyssa and shouldered his backpack. "What's up with you, Percy?" the Latino asked, rather irritated. "Oh, nothing. Just that a di Angelo might be attending our school," Percy said. Leo's jaw dropped and Percy chuckled, handing him a twenty as a tip. Percy looked at his car once more. He loved the sleek design. It was a Jaguar and was the shade midnight blue and one of the latest models – like a two-door sports car. Percy got in and drove out of the parking lane into the wide street. He stopped occasionally at a streetlight of two and zoomed out of the city away from his dad's hotel – which happened to be a hundred floors high. He finally came up to his school – which was hidden by the trees since it was a rather private school. The student parking was a couple yards away from school since there were a lot of rich students in this school. The parking lot was covered by trees and was very neatly painted, specifying the space for each car. Percy pulled up in the space that was closest to the school's walkway. As he got out, he was greeted by a bear hug from a boy with blonde hair and electric blue eyes. "Yes, it's good to see you too, Jason," Percy said, thought his lungs were being crushed. "Percy! It's been a while," the blonde said. "Yeah, I know. I enjoyed Berlin over the vacation. It was a great experience." Percy said. "Pick up any hotties?" Jason asked. Percy smirked devilishly and Jason chuckled, seemingly understanding the message. And then, came another bear hug. This time from a girl, a little shorter than both Jason and Percy. She had the same electric blue eyes that resembled lightning and had hair as black as night. "Hey, Thalia," Percy said. This seemed to anger her since she smacked Percy upside the head. "Ow!" Percy whined. "You, idiot!" she bellowed. "You go off on a vacation and forget your friends? Not even a text or a call!" then she smirked and just stood next to Jason, her brother. Next Percy was greeted by an entire lot of his friends. The Stoll twins, Travis and Connor. Both had brown hair and blue eyes. Then, came Calypso Ogygia, Piper McLean, Will Solace, Reyna, – Percy still had to learn her last name off – Annabeth Chase, Silena Beauregard, Charles Beckendorf – her boyfriend – Luke Castellan, Frank Zhang, Hazel Lavesque and Lou Ellen. Well, roughly. These were Percy's best friends since Kindergarten. He enjoyed their company, always. They were all talking, catching up when the bell rang and everyone made their way into the school. It had a set of oak double-door entrance but had an elegant look to it. The building in front was white.