Author's Notes: Ah, yes. Welcome to my new story. So, I hope you enjoy this FanFic. I had stumbled across the idea while reading up on some stuff. Of course, I'm not stealing it or anything. I do hope you enjoy this and that you will stick with me to the bloody end. Unlike my other FanFics, this will be my biggest project – the first of its kind in my FanFiction career. Please note that each chapter in this FanFic will be much longer compared to chapters in other FanFics that I have written prior to this one. So naturally, updates for this FanFic will not be consecutive, or uploaded timeously, so to speak. Anyway, I do hope you enjoy this. Now, on to the story! *DISCLAIMER: I own nothing except the plot and some other stuff* It had always been the same dream, over and over and over again, for months now. It ravaged through Percy's mind every night and haunted him every day. It had no mercy. It wasn't scary either. It seemed to be a historical moment in the family. He really had no idea what to make of it. He would enter his room, greeted by his large canopy bed. He would look around to find his textbooks and table he did homework on. His parents had set up a forty inch flat screen television onto his wall. The room was almost as huge as simple apartment with rather large windows a space heater and even his own, personal air-conditioner. He would remove his clothes and collapse on be, only to be greeted by the same dream. SALEM, 1705 Fifteen people would be gathered in majestic room. It was bedecked with amazing decorations. However, they seemed to be from another century. Fifteen different thrones, all of different varieties, one ranging in obsidian black and another pure gold would be in a majestic hall or room of some kind. The thrones were arranged such that it formed an inverted U. In the center of the arrangement of thrones, fourteen people would be speaking until a woman would enter the room. She was slender, beautiful and had hair as black as the night. Her eyes were grass green and her face nearly looked timeless. She had on a warm smile, but her eyes always bore the coldest emotions imaginable. Everyone would cease their mumbling and take their seats while she waited. "Greetings, members of the House." She said in a harmonic voice that reminded Percy of singing angels. "I trust all of you are well. Now, on to tonight's meeting." She walked over to the largest throne that looked earthen and took a seat, her black dress billowing around her. "I call the council to order." Her voice rang out through the hall. "Now, it has been brought to my attention that we have new rivals to the House," "Yes," said a man who looked sickly pale. He had eyes that were deeply golden and brown hair. He looked quite young, but seemed to be older than what Percy saw. He sat on a throne next to the woman with green eyes. His throne looked like a grandfather clock, made of dark oak and velvet cushions. "That would be the House of Olympia. They're ravaging the city and tearing apart people with their…magic." The man spoke. He said the last word as if it were a sour grape that had been rotting for weeks and had the incredible displeasure of eating. "For some reason, they think they can challenge us." A beautiful woman pointed out. She had high cheek bones, beautiful lips that were a deep shade of red and blonde hair that fell well past her shoulders and curled at the tips. "That mere imbecile, Venus thinks that she can compare to me!" The woman said, inspecting her well-manicured nails. "She should burn to death," the woman carried on. "And, I for one, think that false beauty must be defeated with pure ugliness." "Silence, Aphrodite!" The woman with the timeless face snapped. She motioned to the man who spoke first. "Continue, Kronos." She said. "Yes, thank you, Gaea." Kronos said. "Yes, well, they're dabbling in other kinds of magic. They want to overthrow us." Whispering broke out between everyone. The woman who was called Gaea sighed heavily, rubbing her temples. "Need I remind you, that the House is more powerful than some idiots who have started out in the Arts of Warlocks and Witches? We stand for the good, trying to protect our home." Gaea said. Some of the people in the room calmed down, silencing themselves. But, as Kronos took his seat, another man stood. He wore a very dark blue pinstripe suit and had a stern look on his face. The man had pitch black hair and intensely green eyes. "We must protect our children, our home and our magic." He said in a stern voice. "If we have no one else to continue our legacy, then it pointless to have these gatherings. We must act now and destroy the House of Olympia before the House of Olympus goes down in flames." Gaea seemed to consider this. "Very well, Zeus. I will conjure a spell shortly to enhance the defense of Olympus. I think it is time that I blessed the House once more. Take your seats of power, my brethren." Gaea said. Just as everyone sat down, Gaea stood, her eyes ablaze with green flames and her dress shifting between a robe made from dust and grass. She raised her hands to the ceiling and she erupted into green and blue flames. She still stood there, unharmed by the flames. Everyone's seats began to glow with a different colored light. One was purple, like lighting. Another was black and another was blue. Those thrones seemed to glow the brightest. " Kronos, Zeus, Poseidon, Hades, Hera, Athena, Aphrodite, Demeter, Artemis, Apollo, Dionysus, Hephaestus, Hermes and Ares! " Gaea said in a much more intimidating voice. " I name you protectors of Olympus House! From this age and onwards, your children you shall protect without a doubt. Fight with magic and bestow upon them your gifts, let no mortal know your secret twist. Do not allow mortals into our coven, for surely, your bones will be broken. I issue this blessing, upon you the Crests of Magic, nor shall your ending be tragic! " when the last word was uttered, the golden chandelier that hung directly above Gaea exploded into lighting, arcing all over the place and finally striking each throne, slowly the tendrils of light thickening. The three thrones that shone the brightest erupted into flames – purple, blue and black. All three occupants began speaking. " I am the sky, " Zeus said. The next man to speak looked a bit like Zeus but had sea-green eyes and a slightly darker tan. " I am the sea, " He said. The last man to speak was sickly pale and had eyes that were pure black. His hair had been combed to one side and when he spoke, his voice scared Percy the most. It sounded like … well, Percy didn't know what it sounded like. " I am death, " he said. The next thing that happened, shocked everyone. A fireball, as big as a meteor, struck the room and blew a crater into the wall. What was outside seemed to be a really old-fashioned city. Immediately, Gaea spun to face the crater. A woman walked in with a smug look on her face. She had the same grass green eyes but rather different facial features. She looked more disciplined and authoritative. "Terra," Gaea sneered. Terra seemed to be amused by this. "Well," Terra said, in a sickly voice, "it looks the Olympians were busy." The rest happened in a flash. Terra lifted her hands and created a dust storm around her. When the dust cleared, there were fourteen people around her. They looked similar to a specific person in each room and had smirks plastered onto their faces. "Be gone, Terra! This is a matter for the House of Olympus!" Gaea flicked her wrist and the people that joined Terra just moments ago were thrown back into the wall behind them by an invisible force. Terra stood there, her hands erupted into flames. "You wish to challenge us?" Gaea said, her voice laced with rage. "You have no idea what you're playing with!" Terra sneered and launched a fireball at Gaea. Gaea moved her arms in front of her, forming an 'X' pattern. Immediately, the fireball stopped – midair – and grew larger. It turned into miniature whirlwind made from sand. Gaea surged both arms forward and the whirlwind of dust stormed towards Terra. It exploded as soon as it came into contact with Terra. But, when the dust cleared, Terra still stood there, her black robes billowing around her, her face contorted with rage. Gaea still had her hands in front of her, as if to fend off another attack. After the fourteen people around Gaea seemed to snap out of their shock, they all stood on either side of her. Seven to the left, seven to the right. Terra sneered as the people that she summoned dropped to the floor and joined her the same way Gaea's ranks already did. Immediately, Gaea spoke, her voice blazing with power. "You dare interrupt us?!" Gaea bellowed in rage. "You will suffer greatly for this, House of Olympia!" "Please, you are pathetic!" Terra scoffed. She flicked her wrist and Gaea's face contorted with pain, dropping to her knees. Finally, the warlocks and witches around her decided to act. Zeus spoke a word that immediately ceased all chaos and holds on their side. Lightning broke out, arcing throughout the room and striking at people the people who stood with Terra. Some of them summoned whirlwinds of ice, dirt, fire, et cetera and diverted the lighting strike while one man in particular deflected the lightning off of the palm of his hand. "Jupiter," Zeus sneered in disgust. The man named Jupiter smirked and appeared to be carrying a cane. He struck the ground beneath him and immediately thunder shook the building. Cracks appeared in the walls all around them. Terra cornered Gaea somehow and summoned boulders that floated in the air. She urged her palms forward and the boulders sailed towards Gaea. Gaea brought up her palms to her face and shattered the boulders to dust. There were other battles happening, but oddly, only between two people – all of whom who looked sickeningly alike except for minor differences in their facial features. The man who claimed to be the sea had a trident – a three-tipped spear or even a large fork, if you will – in his hand. He spun it around in the air and immediately a miniature hurricane – about the size of an F4 tornado – swirled around him like a never-ending vortex. The man levitated off of the floor of the room to the middle of his hurricane and shot blasts of water and ice at anyone dared come near. One brave soul did. He looked a lot like the man in the hurricane, except he had a cold grin in his eyes. "Poseidon!" The man outside of the hurricane shouted. "Leave your little ticks out of this and come face me!" The man in the hurricane – who was obviously Poseidon – sneered. "You'll leave if you know what's good for you, Neptune!" Poseidon shouted. Poseidon launched his hurricane forward and slammed into Neptune. But as soon as he did this, the hurricane evaporated into mist and Poseidon came crashing down. However, he managed to save himself by slamming his trident into the ground, softening his fall. That was not the end of it. Immediately, cracks began to start from the points of the trident that were embedded into the ground. The building began to tremble violently. The