Summary: Prompt: "How—How long have you been standing here?" It's the last day of work this year. It's the last day of work, and I'm going to tell him. I mean, what could go wrong? Best-case scenario: he feels the same. Worst-case scenario? He doesn't, we feel awkward, but then he goes home, I go home, and when we come back next year it'll all be forgotten. Plus, we've definitely been flirting. Yes. That's a good sign, right?No, it's not. I can't tell him I can't tell him I can't tell him. He and I have been working together for five months now. Nine hours a day, four days a week, for five months. Surely, if something was meant to happen, it would already have. Notes: Posted on AO3 a few months ago but I wanted to post it here too. English isn't my first language, so I'm sorry for the mistakes I'm sure I made. Still, I hope you enjoy! Disclamer: I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians, or the Heroes of Olympus, and the title's from Holy Ground by Taylor Swift. It's the last day of work this year. It's the last day of work, and I'm going to tell him. I mean, what could go wrong? Best case scenario: he feels the same. Worst case scenario? He doesn't, we feel awkward, but then he goes home, I go home, and when we come back next year it'll all be forgotten. Plus, we've definitely been flirting. That's a good sign, right? No, it's not. I can't tell him I can't tell him I can't tell him. He and I have been working together for five months now. Nine hours a day, four days a week, for five months. Surely, if something was meant to happen, it would have. I sigh. It's been like that since this morning. I was determined to tell him, but every time I see him I lose my courage. That's the moment he chooses to come back from the break room. "Annabeth." I love how he says my name. Since I told him I didn't like it when people shortened my name, he stopped. Instead, he makes sure to pronounce every syllable for a good second. I know it's just to mess with me, but it doesn't really have that effect. I'll never tell him that. But the voice he takes when he says it, how he smirks and his eyes sparkle—Stop it, I scold myself. I'm ridiculous. "Hey, Percy," I try to say his name the same way he says mine. It must be a good enough imitation, because he laughs a little. "You're done with your break?" "I am. Well, I mean, my official break. Doesn't seem like there's a lot to do here either, right?" He looks around the deserted movie theater. "Yeah, true. But, at 10PM on December 24th, I guess people have other things to worry about than to go to the movies." "Except us." "Except us," I agree. We don't know what to say next. Usually we talk a lot, but somehow tonight feels kind of different. It's colder outside than it has been all year. And it's silent as hell. But it's not an uncomfortable silence, either. At least I don't feel that way. I like being there, next to Percy, smiling to each other from time to time. Finally, my shift ends. I ask Percy when his does, even though I already know he's done too. I looked at his planning when I took my break. When I was still thinking about telling him. "Do you want me to give you a ride home? You told me the other day your car was at the garage." He asks as he opens the doors of the theater. 'Coldest night of the year,' the weatherman said this morning. And I have no trouble believing him. I look at Percy. How does he manage to look this good even in a weather like that? His cheeks are red from the cold, his hair is ruffled by the wind, and his sea green eyes reflect the moon. Sometimes I think it's unfair to look that good. He looks like a god. Well, no, even he's not that perfect. More like a demigod, or something. I catch myself and realize that I haven't answered him. "Uh, a friend was supposed to pick me up." I look around the parking lot, but Leo's car certainly isn't here. "But apparently, he forgot. He probably got caught up in one of his new projects." "He?" Is it me, or do I hear jealousy in his voice? I look up at him, but he's looking away. "Uh, yeah. Leo, he's—you've already seen him, I think. He comes here sometimes. Scrawny, not very tall, and big, curly brown hair?" "Oh, I think I've seen him once or twice." He looks uncomfortable. "He's funny." I don't know what to say. I don't really want to talk about Leo anymore. My thoughts wander, and I find myself once again wondering whether I should talk to him or not. "So... If you're not too busy, a ride home would be great." "Uh, of course. Follow me." I give him the name of my neighborhood, telling him it'll be easier to direct him from there. We're both quiet as he drives. But it's not the same kind of quiet as it was when we were working. It's heavy, and I can see that we both can't take it anymore. Finally, he breaks the silence. "So, what are you doing this Christmas?" "I'm having dinner with my dad's family tomorrow. And I'm supposed to meet with my mum for lunch, if she, um, doesn't find anything more interesting to do." "What do you mean?" I don't answer right away, and take the time to curse myself. Why did I say that? "It's no big deal. It's just...she likes to spend time with her clients on big days like that. She says it's easier to find ways to defend them, once she knows them better." He looks confused. "Oh, I forgot to say, sorry. She's a lawyer." He smiles, then shakes his head. "Sorry. I'm not smiling because of your story. It's just...it seems so familiar. My dad's the head of this company that sells swimming pools. Believe me or not, it works really well. And he's often working on big days, too. Didn't even call to wish me a merry Christmas last year. Sometimes it's like he's completely moved on from his life with us." Percy's always talking about his family. My mom did this, my brother and I went there... It's clearly something important for him, and it's sad he can't have the same thing with his father. "It's his loss," I say. "I think he's making a huge mistake." I don't know what to tell him, exactly. I can't make it right, just like no one could make it right for me. "Thanks." He glances at me and looks back at the road. "For what it's worth...I think your mother is making a mistake, too, Annabeth." He has one hand on the wheel, and the other is just on his knee. Fuck it, I think. I reach over to him and squeeze his hand. He's not looking at me, but I see his lips stretching into a smile. I think I should take my hand back. He's going to think it's weird. I tentatively unhook my fingers, but he doesn't let go. So I keep holding his hand. I want to tell him. "What about you, by the way? Your Christmas plans?" "I'm staying at home with my mom, my stepdad and my little sister. My half brother—my dad's son—will probably come too. Christmas at his place isn't really fun." We arrive in my neighborhood, and I tell him how to get to my building. As expected, Leo's car is still parked in front of it. "You live here?" He asks, amused. I briefly wonder if he's mocking me, but I shrug it off—it's not really Percy's type. Well, mocking me does seem to be his favorite way to pass time, but he's never done it to offend me. "Yeah. Why?" He looks like he's fighting a laugh. I can't help but notice how good it looks on him. "Oh, nothing. It's just—see the tall building, over there?" He points to a building that looks about two streets away. "That's where I live. I pass in front of your place, like, at least twice a day." We both laugh. "How come I've never seen you here before?" "Dunno." He laughs again. "That's weird." I notice that my hand is still in his. He must have taken it again after parking. I take it back a little reluctantly. "Thank you, Percy. You probably saved my life." I grin. "Without you, I would've frozen to death out there." "What can I say. Rescuing people, saving the world. That's what I do." "Saving weird whales, too." I add, remembering the time he'd told me about the whale that looked like a cow he'd rescued at a camp. His smile reaches his ears, and I very much want to kiss him. "That, too." We stay silent, afraid to break the moment. But ultimately, I do. "Well, I'm gonna go. Thank you, Percy. I hope you have a wonderful Christmas." "No problem. And, Annabeth? I hope you do, too." I hear him calling my name when I'm about to close the door. "Wait. I'll walk you home." "You know I live, like, 20 feet away, right?" He smiles up at me. "I do." He walks with me to the door, and I let my hand between us, tentatively. He takes it. We stop in front of my building. And we don't let go. I study his face, his serious expression that I haven't seen that much. And I can tell he's studying me as well. "I'm happy I met you, Annabeth. These five last months have been really, really great." I look at his lips. Maybe I don't have to tell him. Maybe I can show him how I've felt since I met him. He looks like he's about to speak again, but then shakes his head. And then we hear a car, and that's when I feel like the worst case wasn't what I had planned, but what happens now. Because when Percy sees the car, he instantly looks horrified. And then he looks at me. And at the car again. "Shit. I'm so dumb. I forgot Rachel. Shit. Annabeth, I'm so, so sorry. I-I need to go. Merry Christmas." And then he goes back to his car and drives in direction of his apartment. Great. Annabeth Chase, dumped by her not-even-boyfriend-yet for another girl. I all but throw myself on the couch when I get to the apartment I share with Leo. "You forgot to pick me up," I say, glaring at him. "Sorry. I was working on this old TV remote. I wanted to light the lighting garlands with it..." He looks sheepish, but also rather proud of himself. I guess he succeeded. "'S okay," I concede. Because, truth is, it is. It was. I had a great time, until Percy remembered Rachel. Whoever she is. "So. I saw you with this guy you work with. Percy, right?" He wiggles his brows. "What happened? Why isn't he up here?" "Yes, Percy. And I don't really want to talk about that." "Okay." "Not at all, actually." "I said okay. Movie? I ordered Chinese food, if you want some." "Did you order fried rice?" "Yes." "Okay then. Movie, food, and no questions sounds great." Leo gives me my blanket, passes me the rice, and sits next to me. That's what I like the most about living with my best friend, I think. It's not like when I lived with my dad, and my stepmom always wanted me to spill everything, to 'bond'.