A/N Hey world! I finally got the first chapter of this story up. I know, it took forever. Sorry. Now please pay attention. I have a few notes to make. First off, this story was not originally mine. I adopted it from Trevor607 , and the first chapter contains all the stuff that was written by him. (Yes, I realize the summary says that.) I have not changed the chapters he wrote at all except for editing minor errors which aren't very important. If you have already read the stuff he wrote, then you can just skip to chapter two after you finish reading this author's note. Secondly, Trevor607 has given me the plot he was going to use, and I will follow it but will add my own ideas along the way. Also, when I start writing, it will probably be mainly third person with bits of first person here and there. (Sorry, but I'm better with third person.) Also, warning to those who don't like swearing: Thirdly, I make no promises on when updates will be for this story. I will try to update weekly, but I can't say when because I have another story that I am currently trying to finish. I believe that's it for now, so enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own PJO. Chapter 1: Perseus' POV Pain. So much agonizing pain. It's the only thing I've felt for a millennia in my prison in Tartarus. The 'gods" as they call themselves, locked me here after my neutrality in the Titan War. Pathetic. I was already weakened from when my 'brother' Kronos and the rest of my kin tried to destroy me for not helping them. Being the eldest Titan, I easily crushed Kronos, but in the end, he subdued me with help from the rest of my brothers. He tortured me for 5 years until I broke. I had no emotion. The only thing I knew was war. The Titanomachy was the war of ages. No war would be like it for the rest of eternity, For that's when the gods and Titans were at their strongest. Imagine this: 50 ft immortal beings fighting each other for a straight ten years, with nearly no rest. I had to have been the strongest. I was the only Titan the gods had trouble with after the war. They couldn't seem to subdue me, at least, not until the rest of the Olympians were born. I was able to hide, but not for long. Phoebus Apollo and Artemis could always see me, just like Helios and Selene used too in the Golden Age. They found me, called the rest of the Olympians, and dragged me into Tartarus. My last words to them probably left Zeus unable to sleep for centuries. I looked him in the eye as he watched the rest of the gods do his dirty work. I said, "You have subdued me for now, King of Olympus. But I WILL come back. I will crawl out of this Pit with my bare hands. Whether it be tomorrow, or a millenia. I will have my revenge. I will destroy both my brethren, the Titans, and you, the gods, and become this world's supreme ruler. I will tear down your precious Mount Olympus stone by stone. I swear it." Then he threw me into the pit, where I would rot until I had my vengeance. Today felt…. different somehow. My Celestial bronze chains felt loose. My muscles were most likely wearing them down. It has been a millennia since I've first came here. I smirked. 'It's time', I thought. I flexed and broke my chains. I cackled with laughter. "HA! PREPARE YOURSELF, GODS OF OLYMPUS! YOUR DESTRUCTION IS AT HAND! I laughed for another 10 minutes or so, and took notice of my surroundings. I've always loathed this place. The red, desert-like ground, the black mist. I was close to the Primordial Nyx's Palace, near the deepest point in Tartarus: the Pit of Chaos. After about 5 hours of walking, I came to a wall. This must be Hades's entrance to Tartarus , I thought. I looked at my hands which were calloused from years in the pit. I started climbing. The look on Hades's face when I come into his domain will be priceless. Hades POV After going through Thanatos's reports, I found everything back in order. It's been about 2 years since the second Gigantomachy, and the traffic is starting to let up. I picked up my Helm of Darkness, and morphed it into my pure black ipad. I checked my security in the fields of punishment and watched as Sisyphus tried to push his boulder to the top of the hill. When it fell down, I bursted into laughter. "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, PERSEPHONE, YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS!" I nearly tumbled out of my throne. What I saw next made me stop. I looked even closer at my screen. That's odd… It looks like a hand, coming out of Tartarus. My eyes widened dramatically when I saw it pull the rest of it's body up. A large man of at least 40 ft tall came out. He had tangled jet black hair, a stubble beard, and his clothes were in tatters. His eyes were like liquid gold. I realized who it was. Oh Chaos , I thought. I flashed to Olympus immediately. Poseidon POV Another one of my brother's pointless 'emergency' meetings. I don't know why he brought all of us hear this time, but I'm sure it was only because he was bored. I was about to depart back to my palace, when a pure black flash appeared in the middle of the throne room. It was Hades. "HADES! WHAT IS SO IMPORTANT THAT YOU MUST INTERRUPT OUR VERY URGENT MEETING?!" Zeus bellowed. Hades glared at him, but I swear on myself that he was was scared for some reason. "ZEUS! A TITAN HAS CLIMBED OUT OF TARTARUS!" The room seemed to grow dark. I stood up. "Hades, calm down. Who was it?" I asked urgently. Hades looked very stressed. He gulped, and brought up an image. What me and my fellow Olympians saw was shocking. Just like Hades said, A large man with enough godly or titanly energy to match Gaea herself. I would hardly call him a Titan anymore. Zeus paled. "I-Is that who I believe he is?" Hades only nodded. "Indeed, brother. We are about to face an enemy long forgotten. My Brethren, we must put aside our differences for one last time, for this can be our end. We must face the gods bane, the Titan's bane himself. We must engage Perseus, the Eldest son of Gaea and Ouranos." Chapter 2: Perseus POV After going through the River Styx in Charon's Ferry (Well, after I forced him to take me across), I decided to make an army. I was powerful but not as powerful as the entire Olympian Council. Yet , I thought. Kronos almost achieved this when he possessed that piece of demigod scum. Pathetic. It was even a son of the messenger. Even worse. Funny, he was defeated even before the gods came! I had a good laugh listening to this from my younger brother Oceanus. You probably wondering, Why don't I hate Oceanus? Well that's because in the first Titanomachy, he was neutral. He sent some kind of seal demon to tell me this. A telkhine I think? Anyway , I thought. How am I gonna build an army? I stroked my short beard in thought. A few minutes later, I suddenly came up with an idea. Ah, yes. That might just work… 3 days later I'm surprised the Olympians haven't come after me yet. I'm still in a very weakened state. Since I've been in the underworld, the only thing that has kept me alive has been willpower and sheer power alone. I haven't even had any food or water to eat or drink. The drink part will most likely be satisfied when I get to Oceanus's palace in what's now called the Atlantic Ocean. I came out of the entrance to the underworld in a place called 'Hollywood' in 'California'. Many things have changed since my days. Technological advances, new, better range weapons, and the lowly insects that walk around now are so much more civilised than they were in the Golden Age. Something us Titans would never have allowed during that age. We ruled absolute. Nothing could combat the might of the Titans! As I push these thoughts away, I try to sense Oceanus's divine energy near the bottom of the Ocean. I was near the beach, so it should be pretty easy to find him. Ah! There he is… I flash to the source and land in a large underwater palace. It had lanterns made of purple coral going up and down the hallways. The floor was made with aqua quartz, much like normal quartz, except more blue in color. It looked absolutely marvelous. With me being the Titan of the Sky, I was never really acquainted with designs like this. I looked around to see a certain large man with a double finned fish tail, big, puffy dark green hair with what seemed to be Lobster claws poking through at the top. He was lying on his back on the floor, most likely in surprise. When he realized who it was, he smiled widely. "Perseus! You're finally out of Tartarus!" He exclaimed excitingly. I nod. "Indeed I am, brother." I smile back at him. He straightens himself after picking himself off the floor. "Well, I hate to ask this, but what do you need, Perseus?" I smirk. "I need your help. We are going to wage war on Olympus, yet again!" Oceanus looked very skeptical. "I don't know brother, Kronos has already tried and failed. Our half-brothers, the Giants, have also failed." I shook my head in disgust. "Kronos was a brat. A very lucky brat. He was mother's favorite. That's the only reason he got the scythe. Might I need to remind you that I was going to be father's heir before our other brothers killed him? Plus, the Giants were born failures. They failed miserably the first time, and I have no doubts that the second time was exactly the same as the first. Am I right?" Oceanus nodded. "Kronos did indeed bite off more than he could chew, as the mortals now say. what is your plan brother, if we do strike against the Olympians?" I sighed. "First I have to recover. I need to be at full power, and imprisonment in Tartarus is not the best workout plan. I need to train, unlike what my brothers did in the second Titanomachy. Seriously, Oceanus, what were you all thinking?" Oceanus gave a heavy sigh. "We underestimated the gods. As much as I hate to say this, they were stronger than us. We are older, more primal, more time not training in my opinion. The gods are young, but they obviously have more power than us." I shook my head. "By Chaos, Oceanus! We are younger than the Primordials, but does that make us stronger than them?" Oceanus shook his head side to side. "We lost the war both times because we were lazy! Get the rest of the Titans that escaped unnoticed. Perses, Pallas, Lelantos! They will train, and help me raise this army! I will have my revenge on those that have wronged me. Kronos, Iapetus, Koios, even Atlas. I WILL DESTROY THEM ALL!" Oceanus glanced at me fearfully before going to arrange a meeting with the other Titans. This is perfect. I will go help him arrange a meeting. I need a palace to work with though…. Khris POV (Son of Poseidon in Percy's place) Life after the Titan War was great. I've been going around, hooking up with a bunch of the girls around camp. You might ask, 'Khris, don't you have Annabeth?". That, my friend, is true.