I don't owned all off the Hunger Games characters belongs to Suzanne Collins. Based on Taiwan TTV and Korean MBC drama series, " Fated To Love You ". This is the rewriting of my previous story, plot and details are changed for this remake version. Thanks to JLaLa who introduced me to this beautifull drama. The Fate Entrapment. ~~ Someday, Someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else. ~~ Preview. Sticky note is just a small pieces of paper with re-adherable strip of glue on its back. You can tear it off whenever you want to use it and easily throw it away when you finish using it. You won't remember where the notes that are filled with tasks have been thrown. But can you imagined when you get used to it and in one day you can't find it all around ? By that time you will realized that this small piece of paper is actually a very important paper. xxxx First Note. ~~ The Chip of Destiny and The Mockingjays Lollipop. " Excuse me ... excuse me. ", Gale pushing himself through thight-packed white hallway alongside his brother, Rory. He covered his nose as he smells mixture aroma of disinfectant and peoples sweating all around. Summer hasn't started yet they already smell like sulfuric vapor. Gosh, fish market is ten times better than this place. Both Gale and Rory blowing sigh of relief once they get in the elevator. Gale loosen his tie knot and taking off his suit while Rory unhooked top two button of his shirt and rolled up his sleeve, their eyes watching floor numbers keep changing as if their life is count on it. The siblings seemed doesn't want to waste any seconds as they pushed through and jumped out when the elevator door slowly slide open. Gale and Rory slowing down their pace as they see a doctor is talking with grey haired woman. Her left arm crossed around her ribcage with her right hand covers her lips as the doctor pats her shoulder and walk away. " What happened auntie ? Where's Ma ? ", Gale doesn't need further answers as the lady he called auntie step forward and sling around her arms at him and Rory. Gale clenched his jaws and tried his best to hold salt water spilled from his eyes as he heard silent sobbing between her long, unbroken grey sheets. Gale kiss her shoulder and rub his palm along her back before they parted and Gale guide her to nearest bench. " What doctor Aurelius said this time auntie Wiress ?, ask Rory. The mid fifty lady didn't responded, she wiped her cheeks and sighing. Gale pats her back when Wiress looked at both of them back and forth and smiled bitterly. " Where's Vic and Posy ? ", she asked. Gale told her that Vic and Evey is already on their way from Taipei while Posy will be arrived with her husband by tomorrow morning with first flight from Seoul. " I told Jane to picked up Sammy and Sandy at school, they should be here soon. ", Rorry added. Wiress takes a deep breath before she finally told them that apparently Hazelle breast cancer medication has no effect and it already reached her brain by now and that's the reason why she's got an attack this morning and they put Hazelle under strict surveillance at ICU right now and limits her visitor access. Gale pretty sure he could hear lightning storm strikes as he heard from his mother sister that Hazelle only got a year and a half if she's lucky and strong enough, while the worst case scenario will be four to six months ahead. " Your mother biggest concern is you Gale. ", Wiress wiped her tears. " She kept saying to me that she doesn't want to leave before she saw you standing you at the altar and hold your child in her arms. ". " But Ma never say anything to me. " " Thanks to your late father gene on your eyes and hair Gale. ", She looked at him with watery grave on her eyes. " Look Gale, I know that this isn't my business but I think it's time for you to forget her. You're about thirty, Posy is near her due date and and look where are you now ". Her voices seemed about to falling apart. " There's a time where we have to let go our grip so that our palms would open to something new. Unfortunately Gale, time is something we cannot have. " Gale gulped his about-to-say words back and leaned on the walls behind as he let his mind wanders elsewhere. This afternoon, he suddenly feels like all of his soul is draining out from his physical shell. " Uncle Gale ! ", two identical cheerfull little girl image snapped him back to reality and he smiled weakly to them. " Well, well, well look who we got here ? ", He leaned forward to the twins and let them placed a kiss on his cheeks and hug them. " Is grandma okay, uncle Gale ? Mommy told us that grandma is sick. ", asked Sammy, the one with the blue hairpin at her left temple. " Can we see grandma now uncle Gale ? We missed her alot. ", says Sandy who wear pink hairpin at her right temple. Gale looked at Rory who noddes as a silent message for him to deal with the little girls while his brother will taking care the adults. " Yes, grandma is sick and is taking rest right now. That's why doctor said we shouldn't disturbed her dear. ", Gale smiled. " But we want to see grandma now, uncle Gale. We want to pray for grandma's health. ", Sandy plea. " Of course you will sweetie. ", Gale kissed his nieces forehead. " But right now, let us have grandma sleep for a while and find something nice like ice cream. Who wants some ice cream here ? ". The identical siblings raised their hands and Gale laugh a bit. Gale looked again at the twins daddy before three of them leaving. xxx " Excuse me ... excuse me ... ", a blonde girl pushing herself out from tight - packed elevator and run into an office. She carefully delivered every items inside paper bags she holds to respectful owner while her colleagues stuck a sticky note filled with requests and tasks on her. There always people like this around you. People that needs to completed what they told to do and know when it's time for them to disappeared. A very kind person and offers help whenever asked. Someone that doesn't take space and forever quiet. They're subtle therefore their existence is as thin as paper. This blonde girl is that kind of person and her name is Madge Undersee, like her other ordinary days. She has to completed every menial task and orders that written down on the sticky note regardless her own work is pilling up. The best part is, no one ever say thank you after she helped them. " Gosh Madge, you should stop this. The last time I check, our boss is still Mr. Heavensbee. Not any of them ", Maysilee Donner, her best friend and her co worker who sat next to her cubicle for this past three years, hissing at her. " Owh, well. Not everybody like you May. It just that I feel so bad everytime I say no. ", Madge sighing and turning her computer on. She's typing her password and back to her work. Maysilee shaking her head and passing on a paper bag with big M logo to blonde girl she's looking at right now. " Here. You must be hungry. ". Madge grabbed it and open it right away. Mouth watering aroma burst out as she pulling out a big mac and large french fries from the paper bag. " Geez, thanks a lot May. " " You're welcome dear. ". xxxx The digital clock at the wall showed nineteen hundred and like always, Madge is the only person left in the office beside the security guards. This time, one of her colleagues Mary is having a birthday party and asking Madge to helped her do some reports which Madge agreed in no time. Madge jumped back as she see an arm stretch and dropped a plastic bag in front of her. " Ops, sorry. ", she turned to a calm and steady voice behind her. It feel like a magic has been cast down on her when Madge find out that the person is Cato, a new lawyer in Plutarch lawfirm and definetely one of the high quality bachelor around this office, is smiling at her. " I'm new at this office and I'm glad to find out that I'm not the only one who do over time for these whole two weeks. ", Cato stretched his arms. " Cato Eckhart by the way. " " Owh, Madge Undersee. ", Madge awkwardly fixing her nerdy spectacles before she shake his hand. " Nice name. ", Cato smilling widely. " I do hope you don't mind if I'm offering a little help right here. " " Owh, no. I mean - I don't mind it at all. Thanks for - that. ", Madge shrug and pointing at the plastic bag. Cato chuckle and reached for a small transparent box at the desk where he pulling out Madge name card. " Well, I do hate to leave a damsel in distress like this but I have an important client to handle tonight, so - would you excuse me ? ", Madge just nod and smiled awkwardly. " I'm also hope that you don't mind having some coffee and talk with me some time. ", Cato taking out an ivory colored card from inside his suit and slide it down to Madge before he leaves. Madge take it and read the card in a mixture of disbelief and amusement. Tonight, all of her prayers and hard work finally come with an unexpected result. Someone noticed her existence and it's not just some ordinary guy like before. The person is Cato and he's a prince. Madge kissing Cato's card for a few times before she slipped it carefully at her purse and finishing her reports. Unfortunately ... Madge Undersee is not a princess. She is just a sticky note girl that couldn't reject uncountable number sticky notes from her colleagues and has to face bunch of endless things to do. Therefore, ... " Owh allright then, since you loved your work much more I suggested it much better if you just stay with your over time and forget about me, Good bye Madge." ( click ). " No ... Cato ... Cato ... ", Madge tried to call out his name but all she can hear is just repeating beeping tone. Between pillars of papers, Madge sinking her head and breaks down in tears. Tonight, she got dumped ... Again ... xxxxxx " Hellooo ... Yahooooo ... " " Huh ? ". Madge snapped back into reality and turned her sight to left. She jumped back as she see Mr. Heavensbee is looking back worriedly at her. " Are you okay Mags ? ", Madge didn't respond, she just noddes. " It's Madge, Mr. Heavensbee. M-A-D-G-E and you're welcome. ", Maysilee hissing. Plutarch a little bit amused and grins, " Well, pardon me then. Are you sure you're okay - Madge ? Is that correct ? ". " I'm alright boss. What can I do for you today ? ". " Ah, some spirit at last.", Plutarch rubbed his palms. " My daughter is about to come from abroad and she likes candies. ". Plutarch handed a sticky note to Madge. " I want