Author's Note: Éomer is one of the most vibrantly interesting of Tolkien's characters, in my opinion, and the pity is that we don't see more of him. There is much that is half-said or hinted at, regarding Éomer's actions from the time he first meets Aragorn until Gandalf arrives to rouse Théoden, not the least being his unexplained threat against Grima Wormtongue's life. Thus here is my exploration of what may have happened, both behind and amidst familiar scenes. A tip of my cap to Steve McDonald's "Sons of Somerled" Celtic CD, the closest I've found to the music of the Rohirrim, "rich and rolling in part, and else hard and stern as the mountains." ASHES, EAST WINDS, HOPE THAT RISES by ErinRua We left the enemy's reeking ashes as carrion for the crows, and regretted only the good earth thus fouled. A blow struck - but not enough. It may never be enough. I am twenty-seven years old, and I have lived to face the end of days. Even the Moon hid her face as we waited in the dark and we let the enemy see our watch fires and know that their deaths came with the dawning. Aye, and even the night that shielded them was no comfort when they found my Riders' blades and arrows in the dark. Then red dawn brought us battle and red dawn saw us victorious, even though my King forbade our very presence there. Yet the Enemy has trod too long and too boldly upon our lands - our lands! - and not a man among us hesitated. We hunted them down like fleeing dogs, and slew them as we found them. Their chieftain at least dared await me at the edge of the Fangorn, and there we fought and there he died, and black my sword is yet. Regret lies only in the fifteen men who will not ride back with us. Fifteen men, good and true, are gone, gone into the Shadow that creeps like a thief upon us, and twelve of our best horses lost, as well. Ah, let us sing of the fallen sons of the Riddermark, for thus we must remember them. Sing weeping, sing proud, and let us remember who we are, though soon all the world may forget us . . . I have forgotten when we did not fear. I have forgotten when we did not have such skill at building mounds for our dead and pyres for the enemy. I have forgotten when my King was bold and I was a free man, and the Rohirrim knew no master. Our master now is fear. The Enemy is ever around us, and where once our horse herds were tended by stripling boys, now we dare post only warriors. It is horror to even think of it, these magnificent animals who have known only the touch of our loving hands since they first stood to suckle their mother's milk, lost to the enemy's foul, cruel governance. They take the black horses. Black as their purposes, I deem, and they leave us only the old and lame blacks, now. They leave us penned and hemmed by fear and doubt and half-heard tales, and whence comes our counsel? Whence comes our hope? My presence here is in defiance of he who is both my king, my uncle and my foster-father. Where once he would have led us with sword and spear, he listens now to one whose words sap his will like a wasting sickness. Not even Théodred his son can win his ear, though he commands the Westmark and awaits what Isengard may send. Théodred shares my fears, and if blood and friendship were not bond enough, now we find ourselves united against enemies both without and within. Too often we must plan our defenses between the two of us alone, for seeking our king's guidance gains us only the mechanizations of the Wormtongue; do nothing, wait, delay. Not four days ago came word of orcs down from Emyn Muil upon our eastern marches, and yet even then that false counselor bid my king be still. Thus I called my men in darkness and we fled away like thieves to find the foe we should have marched on openly, and here I wet my sword in payment for their audacity, and for all that has been taken from us. We have heard no word from lands south. The shadow grows to the east, the raiders from the west become bolder, and the dark-winged messengers of evil fly brazenly across our lands, yet no news has come. Boromir of Gondor borrowed one of our horses weeks ago, but of his errand we hear naught, and his horse has returned riderless. Of the many things that could signify, none are good. We must presume he found no aid for any of us, and perhaps we will fall together and separately, Rohan and Gondor and all the free lands. But I shall fight. My Riders shall fight. So long as we breathe, so long as we have homes and loved ones to defend, whether our King leads us or sickens and fails upon his throne, we shall fight. We fight, but alas, the victory we carry back is bitter. Would that I could bring instead some joy or promise. Yet none comes. Hope lies in ashes, even as we left the bones of our enemies. We are done now with burning and burying. I turn to my lieutenant, whose taut, still face must mirror my own. "Come, Éothain. We must away home." He nods, once, and says wearily, "To whatever awaits us there." Yes, he fears and despairs even as I do. *** The land at least was unchanged. How I love this country of my fathers. My heart beats within its earthy breast, and my spirit soars to see the sweeping expanses of grass that ripple beneath the hand-stroke of the wind, like waves running across a golden sea. Even in the fading days of February, when spring was but a soft green blush, the long hills rose and fell before us in soft heaves of space and distance, and the great blue dome of sky arced unhindered above us. To the thunder of our hooves we flew between heaven and earth, and lacked only wings to leave mortal dust behind. And I was proud of them, these men who rode with me. My kinsmen, my brethren, their spears like a forest and their faces fierce as eagles'. If I had no other joy, at least I had them. We rode now at a swinging trot, the powerful reach and surge of Firefoot's gait thudding into my bones as my own heartbeat, and if I should die so, there could be no better death. Let there be but one perfect day, one perfect battle, and I would regret nothing. No other hopes had I, any more. Then from the day and from the sleeping plains, and from beneath our very feet a ringing voice cried out, where none but empty grass had been. "What news from the North, Riders of Rohan?" It was as if the earth itself suddenly rose up in human form - if indeed mortal these three strangers were. Clad in grey, they appeared in our vision from lands that could not have concealed a lone fox. However, we had seen too much to let shock overcome us, and at a mere lift of my hand my éored wheeled into the running circle of attack. Be they Men or be they sorcerers, these intruders would know our measure. I will credit them, these strange three held fast before our rush, and they remained still and watchful as we closed around them. The heavy circle of our horses huffed and stamped, as one hundred and five spears and bows fixed upon our trespassers. However, two of them did not even rise to their feet, while the first stood facing my spear without as much as a blink. Aye, and a closer look might gentle his manner. I nudged my horse forward until he could have touched my spear point by simply raising his hand. Speaking in the Common Tongue, I addressed him plainly. "Who are you, and what are you doing in this land?" "I am called Strider," he said calmly. "I came out of the North. I am hunting Orcs." Hunting Orcs? The three of them afoot and alone? He either was mad or thought me a fool and we had not time to bandy with either. I dismounted in the same moment Éothain leaped down beside me, and I handed him my spear. The stranger bore a sword at his side, and I let him hear the ring of my own good steel, ere I faced him. And the shock of his gaze nigh stopped the breath in my throat. Grey eyes he had, unblinking and impassive as the stare of a hawk, and I had the ridiculous sense that if a man offered him anything but truth, he could flay that thought naked with a mere glance. Suddenly I was very glad of the bare blade in my hand, although looking into those eyes I doubted very much that swords would ever be enough, against this man. My wits had scattered like quail, and I seized upon the first thought to settle. "At first I thought you yourselves were Orcs," I said, and drew courage from the cold, watchful readiness of my Riders. "But now I see it is not so. Indeed, you know little of Orcs, if you go hunting them in this fashion. They were swift and well-armed, and they were many. You would have changed from hunters to prey, if ever you had overtaken them." I may as well have spoken to carved stones, and my unease grew. Who were they? This one was without question their leader, neither young nor old but grim with care and the simmering power of his presence could not be denied or underestimated. I would know his purpose here, if only by the strength of our spears. "But there is something strange about you, Strider," I said, and met that grey hawk's stare once more. "That is no name for a Man that you give. And strange too is your raiment. Have you sprung out of the grass? How did you escape our sight? Are you elvish folk?" "No," he replied mildly, and might have been responding to a query about the weather. "Only one of us is an Elf, Legolas from the Woodland Realm in distant Mirkwood. But we have passed through Lothlorien, and the gifts and favors of the Lady go with us." The one named Legolas stared back at me, his princely face as remote and flawless as the face of the silver moon, and I felt the small hairs crawl on the back of my neck. Many were the allies of the Enemy, and not all were foul to look upon. Nor had we heard aught from the realms of the elves that gave us reason for trust. "Then there is a Lady in the Golden Wood," I replied. "As the old tales tell. Few escape her nets, they say. These are strange days! But if you have her favor, then you are also net-weavers and sorcerers, maybe." Enough, then, of dancing with words! If their leader would not speak plainly, perhaps the other two could be goaded. "Why do you not speak, silent ones?" The bearded one rose - or at least so far as his short stature permitted - and leaned his hands upon the sturdy haft of his ax. Nor did I see welcome in his snapping dark stare. "Give me your name, horse-master," he growled. "And I will give you mine, and more besides." "For that," I replied. "The stranger should declare himself first. Yet I am named Éomer son of Éomund, and am called the