Disclaimer: I do not own any of the concepts owned by Stephenie Meyer, because none of the characters are featured, in this fic at least. I am not making any money from this, although I wish I was. Thank you! A/N: Wow, I'm kinda ashamed I've taken so fucking long to post anything on here and I hope you guys like this! Basically, I was re-reading the Twilight Saga which I borrowed from my cousin a couple of years ago and recently re-borrowed and decided to write a fic. But I'm more of one for original ideas and decided to make up all my own stuff for this one! This chapter is sadly just an introduction to my protagonist, Nelle Lucy Hillon, and doesn't have much going on sorry guys, but I hope you can look past it and get to know/like Nelle! The romance will take a while to start, because as any good author will say, love takes time! I hope you enjoy! My eyes flicker openly slowly, uncertainly, everything being blurry as they adjust to the light above me, shining down upon me, like heavens have opened. Only it's artificial, and kills the dream of being the afterlife finally coming to greet me. The same light greets me every morning when I get up from my usual slumber of at least ten hours and get up to start my routine day. I don't particularly feel up for getting up today, and I don't really have to. It's a Sunday so I have no school to be rushing off to, and I haven't organised any plans with my friends, so I'm just relaxing for today. I think I deserve the rest for once. I've never exactly lived the normal lifestyle for a girl of sixteen. When I was a baby, my father left my mom for another woman; she was never certain who this woman was, but she had a feeling it was a lawyer who worked at the same law firm as my father, who was young, single and attractive. Not that long after that, we moved to Northwest, North Carolina. My mom, Helena Jessica Hillon, was surprisingly born in England in a small village just outside the city of York called Weldrake. She moved to the states when she was eighteen to attend university in Chicago, where she met my father, Britt Hillon. Oddly enough, we still keep photos of my father around the house, but I can tell he aired a certain atmosphere of grace and glamour around him when my mom first met him. Even the photographs showed that. According to her, they fell in love too fast, got married too fast, and had me too fast. They had me when my mother was just nineteen and he'd only recently turned twenty. The relationship deteriorated in a matter of months, because they didn't truly love one another; they'd loved the idea of having a little baby, living in a small town like Northwest, and growing old together. But the reality sadly had proved them very wrong, very fast. My mom doesn't regret having me at such a young age, she just tells me she regrets having me with my father, because of what he ended up doing. Apparently when I was two he attempted to gain custody of me, but his attempts were futile and nothing ever happened. He currently lives with his new wife, Misha, in Salt Lake City, with their two children aged nine and six respectively. The nine year old is a boy named Owen and the six year old is a little girl named Sallie-Barbara, both of whom I've met on numerous visits to his house. In my opinion, my dad isn't too bad, but then again, he isn't my ex-husband; our relationship is nowhere near awkward, but I don't get to see him as much as I'd like to. Misha isn't bad either, and in fact, is nice for a stepmother. She treats me like her own kid and talks to me. My halfies (the nickname I've given my half-siblings) are pretty sweet and I enjoy babysitting to get to know them better, so all in all, my family life is okay. Same cannot be said for my social life. I go to the smaller of Northwests' two optional high schools and once I graduate, I've chosen to move to Salt Lake City to attend university because I want to try living with my dad for a while, and see how that works out. The more typical high school people attend is Northwest Guilford High, but my mom didn't like the school system too much and opted to send me to the other school. According to her it's too strict when it comes to simple things such as dress code and others, which, based upon the few times I've seen students from there, I have to sort of agree. Northwest Overman High is cheaper and a lot smaller than Northwest Guilford. Only 321 students, including myself, attend and getting a place is surprisingly hard because of the sheer rush of people who want to send their kids here. Why? Well, we have two of the best English and languages departments in North Carolina, apparently, so a lot of people knew to the area of Northwest want their kids here; despite the fact Guilford offers much better sciences, physical education and maths. But because today's world is all about travel and racial commodity, speaking good foreign languages and having non-illiterate children is apparently more important to most people who decide to move here. But you're more likely to get in the longer you've lived in the town, and because I've been here practically my entire life with my mom, Helena, I was automatically accepted. You either have to be incredibly influential or incredibly rich to score a place otherwise. And not many people who move here tend to be that. Then again, you could argue people prefer Overman because the mayor's son attends our school, and is coincidentally in my year, as well as one of my friends. That's probably one of the most interesting factors about my life, being friends with the mayor of Northwests' son, Isaac William, Richard William's son. I met Isaac after accidentally giving myself a rather nasty paper cut on the first day of middle school and our teacher, then Miss Olivia Parstowe, now Mrs Olivia Burnholme, chose Isaac to be the one to escort me to the nurse's office so I could get a dinosaur plaster put on my arm. I don't have a tendency to get papercuts much, but when I do, they tend to end up pretty messy and I leak blood everywhere. I think she chose Isaac because according to himself, when he was younger he'd found it hard making friends because his mother was fussy on whom he became friends with. She apparently had this insufferable habit of deciding whether a child was 'good enough' to hang out with her son based solely off their name. I don't remember Lorie William well because she died when Isaac was six, and that was before we met. All I remember was that she had wonderful flame red hair which Isaac inherited. Isaac took after his mother according to pretty much everyone in Northwest, and it shows, based upon the framed photographs which litter his expensively furnished front room. He inherited her flame red hair which is constantly in a state of messy, unbrushedness and burns around his slim face, which is fair skinned like the rest of his lanky body. His face is slim and has a sharp point at the chin, with his nose ending in a similar point, and his cheekbones even seem to have a slight point to them. His eyes are the same colour as his father's though, a relaxed, misty grey colour which tends to soothe people. And of course, being incredibly rich, he only wears designer clothes. He even owns a genuine leather jacket from Italy, but he's pretty kind when it comes to birthday presents and Christmas gifts. He's also kind enough to give me lifts to school in his blue Mazda, and it beats having to do the usual half an hour walk I used to do before he earned his driver's licence two months ago. It's currently October, and my birthday is in November, so I have a month to go before I can get a car of my own and start driving myself around, not having to rely on Isaac anymore. Sure, it won't be something incredibly expensive like Isaac's Mazda, but it'll be something that can get me places when I need to and will save me a lot of time taking trains to airports when I need to visit my dad if mom can't drive me. You're probably wondering what my name is by now, well, it's obvious my surname is going to be Hillon because that's the surname of my parents even though they're divorced. My name is Nelle Lucy Hillon. Like the normal first name Nell only with an extra 'e' on the end because my mother wanted me to stand out in cause there were any other Nell's in my classes at school. There never have been though, I've always been the only Nelle and I guess I'm glad because of that. My friend, Markus Moon, more commonly just known as Mark tells me it sucks to be one of three Markus' at our high school. The rest of my friends surprisingly don't face the same problems. I'm one of a group of five, consisting of myself, Isaac the mayor's son, Mark Moon or 'Double M' as some people call him, Alyssa Graham more commonly known as Lissy by pretty much the entire school, Vanessa 'Van' Hooper my overall best friend, and of course, me. I'm not part of my school's 'in crowd' but I'm not unpopular either, I kind of sit inbetween, and I like my position because no-one picks on me, but I'm not constantly being pestered. Probably a good thing. I can…Do something no-one else I know can. I can control plants, or chlorokinesis as it's more commonly known as in the comic book world. I asked my friend Mark the technical term because he's always been big on comics, and he especially loves DC which features femme fatal villain, Poison Ivy, who shares my power. I can make dying plants come back to life, create them and shape them. It'd be even better if I could talk to them but I can't because they lack mouths. None of my friends know about my chlorokinetic abilities, again borrowing the word from Mark, because I'm not sure they'd believe me. Even though I've known them for pretty much my entire life, telling them would be painfully awkward and the chance of them not believing me would be even worse. Besides, in a world where supervillains don't exist, being able to manipulate and control plants isn't too revolutionary nor something which can enhance my life in any particular way. Oh well, I guess keeping the garden nice for mom and being able to bring back the prettiest plants we own saves money, so it does have some benefits. But I'm not planning on going all Poison Ivy on the world and valuing plants over humans, that's just insane. Although I have a strange connection to the plants I own, which means I can tell when they're dying or if they're sick, I don't view them as my family really so there's no particular emotional attachment, at least to an extent. I don't even really look like Poison Ivy, luckily, because neither of my parents had red hair or green eyes. Unlike most the girl's I know, I take more after my father when it comes to generalisation. I've inherited my mom's slim jawed, slim face which isn't heart shaped like Van's is but apparently still looks