A/N: so here it is the first instalment of the MDLS sequel, enjoy and please tell me what yu think constructive criticism is welcome. Chapter I — Loverboy Edward POV Letting myself into the flat, I brought the shopping through to the kitchen and putting them onto the counter top before taking off my jacket and scarf it was now December and although already quite cold it had started to rain on the way back. "Jake? Jake come help me with the shopping" he should have been back from work around now, right as usual he came out of the bedroom, his shoes were off and his shirt was half unbuttoned. Smiling at me and walking towards me, he snagged the tin of beans I had been holding and put them down on the counter top before taking my face in his hands and giving me a long hard kiss. "Not that I'm complaining or anything, but what was that for?" "Can't I kiss my boyfriend without having a hidden agenda?" "You can, but I know it's only because you want something so go on. What is it?" he opened the fridge and put away the vegetables, before turning round and sighing. "How do you do that?" walking over to me he pressed his chest against mine, kissing my cheek. "I've know you for long enough, so what is it and is it going to cost me a lot of money?" "Can we get a dog?" he blurted out, I wrinkled my nose. "I hate dogs" his mouth fell open like I said I'd rather boil one alive. "How can you hate dogs?" I shrugged then put my arms on his shoulders. "I'm more of a cat person" he rolled his eyes. "Of course, sometimes I wonder with us being such opposites, how we even get along" "We have our days...a dog really?" he nodded. "Can't we just get goldfish, fish are easy to look after and you don't have to clean up their shit on the carpet" "They also swim in the same water the pee in, no thanks. Please, can we get a dog? Peter at work has a couple of adorable Jack Russell's, one of which just gave birth and he can't keep all of the puppies" "Puppies?" he frowned, doing his own puppy dog face as he sighed. "Fine, fine" I said giving in after only a few seconds. "But it is not sleeping in our bed and I am not doing morning walks" he smiled widely and I sighed, I was so fucking whipped. "Thank you, you are the best" "Sure, sure. Let's just put the rest of this away and we'll make dinner" kissing me again, we cleared away the rest of the shopping in relative silence and he smiled at me the whole time, at least he was happy. Later that evening, as we were relaxing in front of the television my phone rang, Jacob was nearer to it and picking it up glanced at the screen. "It's your mom" he turned down the volume and took away our empty beer bottles while I took the call, it was his way of giving me a bit of privacy. "Hi mom" "Edward, how are you and Jacob sweetie?" "We're good thanks, what's up you haven't called in a while?" "There is no easy way to say this, but your father and I are separating" I almost spat out my drink, out of all the people I knew the last ones I expected to split were my parents. Since permanently moving to London over six months ago to be with Jacob, after breaking off my engagement and telling my family I was gay my mother called every few days as did my brother, but my father refused to talk to me, not that I held it against him. He was set in his ways and I had gotten over the fact that he couldn't accept it and as long as I still had the rest of my family, the pain of my father's rejection would be stifled. "You're getting divorce?" "No, it's a trial separation to see if we might be happier apart, that's all" "Why?" "Well, to put it frankly Edward your father is a bigot and if he cannot get over his prejudices then he is not the man I fell in love with" she meant me, oh it was because of me. "Mom, I'm so sorry" "Edward Anthony Cullen, you have nothing to be sorry for. I know what you are thinking, but as long as you are happy then it doesn't matter to me whom you choose to be with" I missed her, phone calls every couple of weeks wasn't enough I really missed my mother. "I miss you mom" "So do I, dear. So I'm coming to London" "Really, when?" "In three days' time, I've booked my flight and hotel room already" "Well, I'm really looking forward to it. Thank you for telling me in advance so I could prepare for your visit" I knew she heard the sarcasm but she choose to ignore it. "Good, because your brother is coming as well, Rosalie has some sort of family function to attend to and we will spend a week in London" I smiled widely and Jacob sat back down next to me, I leaned my head on his chest and he put his arm round my shoulders. "That's brilliant mom, well email me the details and we'll pick you up" "Okay, bye dear" "Bye mom" hanging up I looked at Jacob, putting my phone down on the arm of the sofa and intertwining my hand with Jacob's. "So what's going on with Esme?" filling him in on the conversation he raised his eyebrows and pressed his lips together. "Well, it would be nice to see them, are you sure that they are both okay...you know with..." he motioned to the two of us. "With us? Remember what I told you, after I broke off the engagement or when Bella did? They were understandably a bit shocked but they got over it soon enough, it was only my dad who couldn't get over it" he started running one of his hand through my hair and it felt pretty good. "Do you think he will...get over it?" "I don't think so, he's stubborn it took him ages to forgive me just for not wanting to be a doctor like him and his grandfather and so on. I think the thing he was most disappointed about was the fact that me and Bella wouldn't go on to have loads of little Cullen's. Though I guess he has to put his hopes in Emmett now" "Don't you ever want to have kids?" "I never thought about it too much and I never talked about it with Bella, but I don't think so. I work with a load of kids every day and I get them only for a few hours a day, don't get me wrong I love my job I just don't think I could do that all the time" "I think you would have made a good dad" "Thanks" "No I mean it, what about...marriage? Would you ever attempt it again?" I shrugged. "I don't know, maybe" I smiled and then sat up, turning round and kissing Jacob deeply, nibbling his bottom lip like I knew he loved. "What's your rush?" "In two days my mother and brother are visiting and as much as I have missed them, I know we won't get a moment alone for the next week" I slid my hands down his body as he started kissing me back. "I am pretty sure I won't last three days never mind a week, so I am going to make the most of it now" "Strangely I am okay with that" "Good" he silenced me with his lips, moving so that I lay on top of him on the sofa I dropped butterfly kisses down the side of his neck. He was already rock hard and moaning deliciously as he thrust his hips upwards, reaching between us I cupped his crotch rubbing his member slowly as his groans grew louder and he fisted my hair. "Stop, fucking teasing me" he growled out as I released him and went back to kissing him. "You love it, really" his response was another groan and unintelligible string of words as I undid the zip of his trousers and reached inside his boxers, squeezing him lightly and running my hand up and down the shaft. "Oh, oh fuck" were the only words of his that I could make out, with my other hand I tugged down the trousers and his boxers and increased my pace as I licked the head of his cock, he threw his head back and let his eyes close as I slowly took him in my mouth. In a matter of minutes of minutes he was no longer groaning but screaming my name as he reached his high, he smiled at me as I wiped my mouth on the back of my hand and sat up. Then grabbing me by the front of my shirt, he pulled me back down and kissed me hard holding me close as our breathing became rapid and my pants became increasingly tight. "When did you get so good at that?" "I learnt from the best" smirking he tugged off my shirt and jeans and I got rid of his shirt as well, dipping his head he let his hot tongue circle my nipple teasingly before grazing his teeth again it, making me swear loudly and grip his hair as he continued his assault, his hands wandering lower. "We should go to the bedroom, there are condoms in there" I whispered in his ear. "Leave it baby" "Really?" he nodded and then turned so now I was the one on my back, taking one of my hands he sucked my index finger, hollowing his cheeks and getting my finger coated with saliva before motioning for me to get him ready. Slowly sliding in my finger, he clenched his eyes shut but as he got used to the feeling he relaxed and moved along with my movements. Even as I added another finger he moved his body with my movements, letting my name fall from his lips as I found that sweet spot and hit it with each thrust of my fingers. Then slowly, slowly as I possibly could I entered him, I was still until he told me I could move then with a grunt and my hands on his bottom I set a pace, his cock slapping my belly with each thrust, so reaching down I gripped his yet again hard cock and matched my movements. After a while we changed positions with him on his knees and me behind him, so I could move faster. He gripping the side of the couch, as droplets of sweat fell down his gorgeously muscled back reaching round as he fisted himself, my hand went to his pierced nipple and I gently flicked it as I bit the base of his neck, where it joined his neck as I came hard as did he. A sweaty mass of limbs we collapsed onto the sofa, breathing hard with my head on his chest and his arm wrapped round me. "We should clean up and go to bed" I was the first to speak, kissing the side of his neck and sitting up. "I guess, so a shower?" "If by that you mean another round?" "You are insatiable" "But you love me" "I do love you" "I love you too" oh that never got old saying it and hearing it back in return. ~X~X~X~ "Mr Cullen?" turning round as I was about to shut my classroom door as it was the end of the day, one of my student's parents walked in. She was a fake blond woman in