Summary: Rosalie and Emmett are the worst couple, they fight and break up only to get back together and start the whole thing again. Married twice, they never seem to make it work, so after separating they don't see each other again. Until two years later when Emmett bumps into Rosalie in Seattle, after getting a job there. The spark they once had is soon ignited, and they soon end up in bed together, but what Rosalie doesn't know is there is a reason he came to meet her. Chapter I – I'm Not Okay (I Promise) Rosalie POV Half asleep as I walked into the kitchen, I poured myself a large cup of black coffee, from the pot that had been brewed by Alice my best friend and flatmate. Taking a small sip of the wonderfully caffeinated drink, I heard a knock on the door. With another gulp of hot coffee I went to the door, thinking it was Alice who had forgotten her keys or something on her way to work. Throwing the door open, I was stunned as it was not Alice standing there in the hall. Instead of see my tiny, pixie like flat mate I saw her tall, muscular older brother, who also happened to be my ex. For some reason, I shut the door in his face just as he was about to say something. Staring at the door for what felt like ages but could have only been barely a minute, I looked down at my fluffy slippers and polka dot pyjama's. Then I ran a hand through my mess of hair, almost groaning at what he must have thought. Opening the door again, I poked my head round. "Hello Rose, can I come in?" he made that face, where he pressed his lips together and raised his eyebrows; he was trying not to laugh at me. "Just a minute" and before he could respond I shut the door, all but running back to my room. He was here, here after all of these years like nothing had happened between us. Damn it, I had no idea what to do now, the last time I saw him I was screaming at him and telling him to 'get screwed', it was unlikely that he would have forgotten that. Forcing myself to breath slowly, I went to the mirror by my wardrobe, breathing in sharply when I saw the birds nest that was my hair, and the smudges under my eyes from the eye makeup I forgot to remove before I went to sleep. Trading my pyjamas for dark blue skinny jeans and a white ribbed tank top, I reapplied my makeup expertly and quickly brushed my hair, looking much more presentable five minutes later. Going back to the front door, I took a deep breath before, opening the door yet again, more apprehensively this time. "Hello Emmett, come in" he looked well, dressed in loose black jeans, red chucks and my favourite Rolling Stones tee. He looked at me without that look as if he were going to laugh, but rather he wore an expression reaffirming my feeling that I looked much better out of the pyjamas. He walked in and sat himself down at the kitchen table, leaning back in the chair casually. "Would you like something to drink?" "Coffee sounds good" "Milk, two sugars?" "You remember?" he sounded surprised, good. He had surprised me with his unannounced little visit, knowing that I hated surprises or being caught off-guard. Not replying I simply poured the coffee and we stayed silent as I did so, placing the cup in front of him and choosing to keep some distance between us, by leaning against the counter top near the window. "So why are you here Emmett? The last time we saw each other, we didn't exactly end on...amiable terms" I kept my tone neutral, not letting him any insight into what I was thinking. "That's a little conceited isn't it Rosalie? What make you think I didn't come here to see Alice?" "First of all, Alice has been living here for six years and to my knowledge, you have never once come here to see her. And secondly, you know as well as I do, that she works Saturdays as she has for the past five years. So why are you here Emmett?" he smiled at me, actually smiled at me like we had just shared a private joke. And damn him, that was my favourite smile and it had always made melt, especially when we fought. "I did come here to see you" "Why, did I not make myself clear the last time we saw each other?" I had asked him to stop calling me, to leave me alone. He should remember that, seeing as I had yelled them at him after hurling a mug at him, unfortunately he ducked and it missed his head. "You made yourself, crystal clear. But that was two years ago, I am in town for a few nights...for business and I thought we could meet up for dinner or drinks. Surely we can put the past behind us?" I raised an eyebrow, eyeing him suspiciously as I crossed my arms over my chest. "Why now?" "Do I really need a reason?" he raised his eyebrows, sitting up his gaze unwavering. "After all you may not remember this, seeing as you screened all my calls and ignored my emails, but we are still married" he said all this with a casual manner which made his revelation all the more distressing, we were still married. "How?...we're...what?" he had stunned me, and I didn't really know what to do or say to him. "When you left, we technically separated but we never legally got a divorce...ergo, legally you are still my wife" he spoke very deliberately as if speaking to someone simple minded, knowing fully well how clever I was. I did not like the way he said 'my', like he took particular joy in thinking of me as some sort of possession of his to do what he pleased with, but that could just be the feminist in me crying out, as earlier I had rushed to make myself pretty for this man. "Oh, right...so do you want a divorce ?" my voice was uncertain as well as slightly high pitched towards the end and he picked that up instantly, which made me curse myself for being such a pansy when it came to him. "Yes" was his blunt answer. For some reason his bluntness, made me angry, I wanted to slap him or punch him, but I couldn't pinpoint why exactly. "Okay" that was all I could think of to say, which made me want to slap myself. Ten years ago I would have come up with a witty/bitchy comment that would leave him gobsmacked, allowing me to flounce off with the upper hand. But now I just sat there and agreed with him. "That was relatively easy" "Did you think I was going to refuse you a divorce?" it was my turn to look amused as his omission. "You're Rosalie Hale, no one ever knows what you're going to do" yes, the eighteen year old Rosalie, who was the bitchy girl who inexplicably fell in love with her best friends boyfriend, she was unpredictable. "People change" "Not you, Rose. You are still as stubborn as ever, but that's part of the allure isn't it? A girl who knows what she wants and exactly how to get it" I didn't know what to say, yet again. I was caught off guard, out of my element and he had caught the chink in my armour, like he did ten years ago. Like he always did. "Right, well get the divorce papers ready and I'll sign them" "They are currently in my hotel room, would you like to meet later tonight and go through them?" it couldn't be straight forward could it? I couldn't sign them now and get this over with, no it had to be dragged out painfully, typical Emmett. "That is fine with me, the sooner we can get this over with, the better" he put a hand over his hear, mock hurt over his face. "That's pretty harsh, Rosalie. After all we had our good moments, didn't we?" I rolled my eyes at the theatrics and he broke into a smile. "Sometimes...when we weren't busting each other's balls" "We were good together" he said matter of factly, I glanced at him sceptically he couldn't be serious. "We were terrible together, throughout high school and when we got married...we split up more times then I can remember, Emmett" "I was being sarcastic Rosalie" "Oh" pushing away his now empty cup away, he stood up and took a few steps towards me, a smile playing on his lips as he got very close to me. "So what time shall I pick you up?" "What?" I said dumbly. "For dinner, we can look over the papers then. There's this place I've heard about, rave reviews Eleven Madison Park?" "Really?" "Have you heard of it?" he didn't sound surprised, just intrigued. He was still standing much too close for my comfort, so taking a step away, I went to the table picking up his mug and putting it in the dishwasher, to put more distance between us. "Yes I have, it's very posh though. Five stars...is that not a little too refined for your taste buds?" arching an eyebrow, in a way that was bitchy and teasing, he smiled again as he turned to face me. "You forget who my family is" "No, but I do remember you preferring hamburgers to caviar, beer to prosecco" a hand on my hip, I saw how his gaze lowered, than snapped back to my face barely a second later. I secretly revelled in the fact that I still had it, I bet if I wanted I could have him, exactly where I wanted given a chance. "People change" "Not you, Emmett. I know how you hated those stuffy charity events your family hosted, in fact I bet you still detest them" he said nothing, but his stoic expression gave away, how much he disliked the gatherings forced upon him by his mother and the charity she had chosen that month. "You can pick me up at 6:30pm, tonight" I made my tone curt and final, ending the conversation. If he was in any doubt I walked to the door, opening it and waiting for him to leave. "See you tonight Rosalie" he walked to the door, talking his time pausing just at the door to turn his head to look at me, over his shoulder "...by the way you're looking good, but you were always the most beautiful girl in the room" then he promptly left, leaving me wanting to slap him. At five Alice found me chucking clothes onto my bed, as I decided on what to wear tonight. She stood by the door, looking from me to the bed and the pile of clothes along with stray shoes chucked on the floor by my bed. "Um...have you got a date, tonight?" "No" was my answer as I held up a light grey dress up to myself and looked in the mirror, then shaking my head before adding it to the rejects pile. "I am I missing something here?" "No, Emmett came round" after seeing the deeply confused look on her face, I assumed she did not know her brother had business in New York. Turning round and motioning for her to come in, I filled her in on Emmett's impromptu drop in and his invitation to dinner. Her response was to walk round the bed, where she picked up a simple nude coloured body con dress. "This dress, simple yet you'll look gorgeous, have your hair wavy a little messy like you're not bothered by what he thinks. Makeup as you would