Also for you know fun. "What is that?" Everyone looked at where the ellon was pointing. Coming down Mirrormere River was an elvish canoe with a large canopy over it. They immediately drew their bows that were already strung with an arrow. They aimed at the canoe as it slowly drifted on down. But ever so quietly their Lady came from the trees. They all gasped and put down their arrows and kneeled down. "My Lady." They all said in unison. She smiled with kindness and waved them to stand. They all then stood and put their right hand over their heart and bowed. "What is it that made you come from your home all the way to here, my Lady?" The Marchwarden asked with the utmost respect. "I saw this coming and came down immediately." She said just as the canoe stopped on the shore. "What do you intend to do with the boat, milady?" He asked and she started to walk towards it with him close behind. "I wish to see what is inside. Even I cannot see what is inside the canopy." She said while slowly withdrawing the sheer fabric. And inside was something no one would have thought would be in there. There laid on a makeshift bed was an elven maiden. Her eyes were hidden from them with her eyelids and long lashes. Her hair was like the rolling fields of wheat, and her skin was of delicate porcelain. And atop her head was a silver circlet with a jade in the middle of it. She seemed about 6'5" and had a curvy body. She was dressed in a golden dress with a silver shawl and white slippers. Galadriel gasped and kneeled down and touched the cheek of the unknown maiden. And immediately, the eyes opened. And they were the most beautiful green that anyone has seen. It was greener than their forest was. "You must be…Galadriel…" The maiden whispered with the most beautiful voice they have heard. Galadriel widened her eyes slightly but smiled. "Yes, my child. I am she." She said softly. "And what would be your name, fair maiden?" Galadriel started to pull her up and the maiden followed. "My name is Calithilwen, daughter Gil-galad." Calithilwen said with a low bow while Galadriel's eyes widened considerably. "Did you say…Gil-galad?" Galadriel asked with shock. "Yes, milady. Gil-galad was my father and my mother was Belegves." She explained. "Ah…Belegves….such a wonderful elleth. Did she…pass?" Galadriel asked with fear in her voice. "Yes….my mother could not bear that my father was gone to the Valinor without her so she went as well. She faded." Calithilwen said with a shaking voice and Galadriel closed her eyes at the sad revelation. "My dear friend….." Galadriel trailed off but then hugged the maiden tightly. "She was a strong elleth with so much strength and love. I will miss her but the Valar has sent me you and I will take whatever is left of my friends." She said as she slowly pulled away to get a good look at her. She had soft, flowing golden hair to her waist. Her eyes were shaped as large almonds but the iris was an everlasting green. Her nose was like a dainty button and her lips were full and the color of roses. Yes she was definitely their child. She had Gil-galad's hair but Belegves' eyes and features. It was so identical that it made her silently cry. "Milady, why is that you shed tears?" Calithilwen asked quietly while wiping away the droplets. "You look…so much like them that it makes my heart ache." She then closed her eyes again and leaned her forehead onto hers. "Please, stay with us." Galadriel looked into her green eyes with her own blue ones. "Of course, milady. That is why I am here." She said simply and Galadriel nodded and then took her hand. "Come; let us find you a flet." She started to pull Calithilwen's hand but she did not follow. Galadriel gave her a confused look. "My bow…I wish to retrieve it." Calithilwen said with a bite of her lip. Galadriel laughed at her haste and nodded in agreement. "Very well." She let go of the maiden's hand and Calithilwen swiftly walked to the boat. She pulled out her bow. It was beautiful. The wood was a beautiful shade of white and the carvings were breathtaking. There were words skillfully carved into the slick wood. It said: Fear me for I am wielded by the swift Calithilwen so fear my name that is Gyrthil (Death). She quickly grabbed her white quiver filled with arrows and the fletching was close the color of the green in her eyes. She softly stepped towards the wise elleth again. "Let us go now." Galadriel said curtly and took her hand that was not carrying the bow and took her deep into the forest. "My, my…isn't she a beauty, Haldir, my brother?" Orophin asked with a smirk at the Marchwarden. Haldir's eyebrow twitched slightly in annoyance. "It matters not so get back to your positions." Haldir said curtly as he headed back to his regular position. Orophin looked over at Rumil with a smile. "How much you want to bet that he will fall for her?" He asked Rumil who smirked. "I give him a week if not I will make him arrows for a month." Rumil said with determination. "I give him 5 days and if not I will scrub his boots for a month." Orophin bet and they shook on it. In the home of Galadriel and Celeborn, two elleths were speaking. "Now, my dear, Calithilwen, why is it that the Valar has sent you to me?" Galadriel asked while holding the maiden's hand. "When my father passed and soon after my mother did as well, most of my people left to the sea while Lord Cirdan took the throne which I gave willingly. I would not be fit to rule a realm as glorious as Lindon. Cirdan is doing a wonderful job but our people keep leaving so the realm is slowly fading. And I have not yet felt the pull of the sea so I remained there with him until time came. And then….wait…..what is the date, milady?" Calithilwen asked with a frown. "It is January 11h the year of 3019." She stated. Calithilwen nodded and then proceeded. "About a thousand years ago, one of the enchanters cast a spell on me so that I would sleep until the touch of Lady Galadriel has been blessed upon me. They did not wish for me to be alone since my friends have gone to the Valinor and the pull was too strong for them so all they could do was to send me on the way to your realm once they sailed." She finished. Galadriel nodded and smiled. "Then, you must stay with us." Galadriel insisted and stood with her hand still wrapped around Calithilwen's. "But where?" Calithilwen asked as she got up and let Galadriel lead her somewhere. "We have a flet near ours that has been empty since we have settled in. The reason is simply that no one felt right to be so close to us and those who did feel the right stayed inside our flet. So you must stay in there. I will not take no as an answer." Galadriel said with a smirk and a mischievous look in her eyes which made Calithilwen chuckle slightly. "Of course, milady!" she said with amusement in her voice. Galadriel led her down the stairs and off to the left onto a bridge and crossed it then turned left again. And there stood a nicely sized flet. Galadriel smiled and opened the door for her to enter and then told her that she had some things to attend to so she could explore. When Calithilwen stepped in, she was greeted with a cozy living room. In the back were two white cushioned chairs and a table between. On the side of it was a shelf full of books ranging from fantasy to history and a simple white couch. Across there was a beautiful golden harp that was aching to be played. She strummed it a bit but then went back to exploring. She entered the kitchen that was to the left of the living room. It had all the necessities and was pristine clean with a small dining table fit for four. She then went into the bedroom. It was simply breathtaking. It contained a silver linen queen sized bed with numerous pillows and a white canopy overhead. Across the bed was a small, low shelf to put simple things such as jewelry and other things. On the left side of the low shelf was the closet and beyond that was the door. And on the other wall was a vast window displaying the wonders of Lolthorien. She set down her bow onto the shelf and her quiver on the floor next to it. She exited the room and quickly found the bathroom. It also had all the necessities though the bath was rather large. And then a knock sounded through the home. She quickly strode to the door and flung it open and revealed Galadriel herself. "Milady!" She said with a bow. "My dear, you need not to bow to me. You are much like a daughter to me now." Galadriel said with a smile. "Of course, my Lady." "Also call me Galadriel." She stated with warm eyes. "Yes, my la- Galadriel." Calithilwen said and Galadriel chuckled. "Anyways, the reason for my coming was to deliver some gowns that I have for you." Galadriel withdrew a very large, neatly wrapped package out to her. "No, Galadriel, I cannot take what is yours!" Calithilwen protested. "No, it is fine. I have grown out of these and they would look lovely on you." Galadriel gently pressed them into her hands. Calithilwen sighed in defeat. "Oh…alright. Thank you so much for everything, Galadriel. I will do anything that is at your command." She said with a bow and Galadriel let her do that for the last time. "Very well. But first, you must bathe and change. Now go, my child." Calithilwen nodded and closed the door after Galadriel left. She zoomed to the bathroom and quickly undressed and filled the bathtub with warm water and scented oils. She dipped into the heaven and sighed in contentment. She finally forced herself out of the bath and came out smelling like roses and lilies. She opened the package and gasped at the vast amount of gowns. There had to be about 10 or 20! She quickly hung them all to make sure none of them wrinkled. The colors had a large range with all the colors of the rainbow. She skimmed the selection and then picked out a beautiful baby blue with gold stitching and lace. She slipped into it and put on her white slippers again. After drying her hair, she swiftly and skillfully braided her hair. Then she heard a knock again but this was louder than Galadriel's. She swiftly walked over and opened the door slowly. Standing there was an ellon with hair so golden that it was almost white. His eyes were of a beautiful blue and a ring of gray. He was dressed a dull gold armor and a majestic red cloak. Unlike most elves, he was very masculine looking. "Hello, Lady Galadriel has requested your presence at for dinner. Allow me to escort you." He said with utmost respect that should have been spoken to a queen. Calithilwen nodded and he held out his arm for her to take. She took it and could feel his muscles even underneath all the armor. "Thank you….." She trailed off while implying for his name. "I am Haldir the Marchwarden." He said with a slight bow as they started to walk to the home of the Lord and Lady. "Ah, I am Calithilwen,