Death brought us together. I was running through the empty streets of New York, void of any form of traffic because of one small and simple fact: zombies, as of the moment, ruled the streets with absolute, unquestionable, and undisputed power. " Shit!" I hissed when I smelled rotting flesh ( Just a heads up —it ain't a scent you want for your car .). They caught up to me, I could tell that they're near me because of the metallic scent of blood that floated through the air. 'Aah, they've already committed murder somewhere else.' The hoard of zombies running towards me was a sight I never wanted to set my eyes on again. Sure, as a pre-adolescent, I loved zombies ( What can I say, I was a geek back then! ), but when the actual apocalypse broke out, let's say that my high-school fantasy didn't appeal to me that much anymore. Before, it was probably a dream for me—act all smart and heroic to get the girl the end and save mankind, and to not die a virgin. Now? Eh, not so much. I almost cried out in joy when I saw a convenience store some few meters in front of me. As if I saw food at the end of the race, I ran faster until I reached the door and sealed it shut. I was panting and leaned against the wall when I felt something cold collide with my throat ( A hint—it was metal, sharp, and deadly!) and lifted my head to see a woman. My expression was probably a cocktail of shock, happiness, exhaustion, and irritation. "Who are you?" honestly, if it weren't for the fact that I had once been ambushed by other survivors, I would dare and act so bold, tell her who the boss is. The sad part was that, when I scanned the convenience store, I saw that the windows were blocked with metals sheets, the shelves half empty, and the deadly knives laid across the floor—it was a fitting sign that said ' OCCUPIED' . "Again, I ask you," she added pressure to her hold on me. I felt like it could draw blood at any moment now and if I spoke up, I would have a cut for everyone to see. "Who are you," she demanded for an answer, her expression deadly calm. "Are you alone," her calculating eyes were captivating, even in this compromising situation. "Or are you with somebody?" her eyes narrowed down at me and I gulped, feeling scared. What ? She was quite intimidating. "I'm Percy. . . Percy Jackson ." I stuttered and I was trying to hide my desperately terrified expression. It failed horribly, by the way. She gave me a look and that made me gulp again. "And I'm alone―I swear! I swear to fucking God!" I held both of my hands up, in defeat. She kept her eyes on me and went to check every single corner of this damned convenience store. "Convinced?" I asked her and she gave me a snarl in return. 'What a reply!' I thought sarcastically, to myself, of course. She would gut me, zombie or not, if I said that out loud. And I was thankful, fucking grateful, for the fact that I've decided to hold my pretty little tongue because little did I know, that moment was the start of a beautiful relationship. Her name's Annabeth Chase, she's from San Francisco, and she's a Wise Girl. How did I come across this wonderful fact? Well, I was bored one day and she went on a raid, trying to replenish some of her rations. Like I said, I was so bored ( Even on a day of the zombie apocalypse, it was so uneventful! ), so I went through her stuff ( That almost got me killed, to be honest! ) and saw a year book. It was from Harvard's School of Architecture. She was the magna cum laude of her batch. I smiled as I read her speech. It was amazing, like the one who made the said speech. It was both polite and intellectual, yet it was quite funny, really funny that it was both sassy and sarcastic to a point even. I was shocked, least to say. I never thought that she had it in her to joke around on a special occasion. I had a good laugh over the photos though, I loved the " Annabeth Chase: Pre-Apocalypse Edition". In short, the yearbook helped me a lot. However, when Annabeth found out that I went through her stuff, let's say that she didn't take it pretty well. Annabeth, apparently, lost many things when the apocalypse had started, like the most of us. She lost her whole family ( The sad part was that she couldn't really do anything about it —she wasn't there because she worked here in New York and they were in California .), whereas I lost my Mom. She lost her fiancé, Luke Castellan, who died trying to protect her only to be bitten and be reanimated into a walking corpse and tried to devour the person he had died for. What's my sob story? Well, it's nothing much, really. . . I lost my Mom at the beginning of the apocalypse. But as the apocalypse raged on and as I battled the urge to commit suicide while I was facing and accepting the loss of my mother, my best friend, Leo Valdez, had been bitten and shot himself in the head, letting his body drop into the Hudson River. Now, although losing Leo was painful, the sight seeing him and my girlfriend, Calypso Atlas, share a final kiss before he shot himself was the main attraction. Yes, they had been cheating on me for quite some time now. When they came clean, it was like a dagger to the chest. That was a rather painful ordeal. But what I regret the most was that I was drunk when the apocalypse had started. I have always speculated that Calypso was having an affair with somebody. I knew, deep down inside, that the people I have trusted the most were back-stabbing me but I couldn't bring myself to believe that—I guess that I was either too blind, too in love, too trusting, or just in denial. I guess that I've always knew of their betrayal, and when I caught them, I decided to let some steam loose, let my sorrows go with the only way I knew. Of course, being the face of our company meant that I had to wait until 5. But once I was inside the bar, the façade was gone and I knew that I was pulling an all-nighter with the bottle of whiskey in front of me. That was probably the most pathetic moment of my life. I was at my lowest point, and when I thought things couldn't get any worse, I was proven wrong. Boy, was I wrong. My mother was mauled by a zombie in front of me and I didn't do anything to help her. I just ran until I was safe. I was a fucking coward. That was my ultimate regret, leaving my mother to die. For Annabeth, it was acceptable, but for me? I had the freakin' choice to save her and end my life in this wretched apocalypse. For Annabeth, it was painful because all she could do was imagine how her family died, how she could have saved them if only she had never moved to New York. For me, well I had been killing myself for the fact that it took me a zombie apocalypse to realize that the girl of my dreams was cheating on me with my best friend and that I should've fucking let go of her when I should've fucking let her go. That mistake had cost my mother and I knew, no matter how many zombies I kill, I will never be able to redeem myself. So, I ran away and I thought everything would be better. I ran away, left my mother to be devoured by a zombie while fooling myself, thinking that she'd be alright and that I'd go back for her later. Here's a little confession from me: I never went back. "You're so stupid, aren't you? Damn you, Percy Jackson. Damn you for being so fucking stupid!" Annabeth narrowed her eyes at me. I gulped nervously. Fighting the thousand of the undead? That was virtually no problem for me now that I've gotten myself acquainted with my new weapons and I've gotten quite used to the whole world I live in now―the world that's infested with zombies. We teamed up after saving each other numerous times from near-death encounters. What can I say? Death brought us together. We grew closer, as expected. I mean consider this: we're, for what we know, the only survivors ( Within a fifty-mile radius who won't rob and then kill each other .) alive. We're of opposite genders. She's a female ( A magnificent and gorgeous one at that! ) and I am a male ( Yes, even in the most compromising of situations, like a zombie apocalypse, for instance, we males are still prone to these desires―I mean, hot damn! She's a freakin' goddess! ). You do the fucking math! You know what happened next? Biology kicked in. We both hungered for human touch. We both needed the attention, the fiery passion, and we were more than happy to oblige. "Going on a solo hunt? At night? Have you fuckin' lost it?!" she fixed my bandage. I got scratched (by a tree branch or something) and broke my leg when I was running from a pack of wild and rabid zombies. "Now look at you!" she chided, disinfecting the wounds I've garnered throughout my great marathon of survival through New Jersey ( I've participated in some charity runs, and just a heads up, there are no water stations or pit stops. Also, it's not fun .). "I was only trying to help, Annabeth." I tried to explain myself but she wouldn't hear it. No, she wouldn't accept that. I was sick, probably blood poisoning, and I was just recovering when we ran out of food. Annabeth, of course, had made it her duty to take care of me and when we lacked the food when I required it, she had gallantly set out for the world unknown to get us something to eat ( And who says chivalry is dead? ) so that we wouldn't sleep through the night with an empty stomach. I panicked when she didn't come back, and it was way past her curfew. She promised me that she'd be back, safe and sound, after three hours. She had been gone for more than eight hours, actually ( So much for promising .). I, of course, went on a hunt and found food and Annabeth. . .and a pack of zombies to come with it ( It was a package deal—buy one, take the pack of running and starving zombies trying to claw and run after you .). I tried to outrun them, but they were too fast. I had to outsmart them, which wasn't a common decision for me ( If it's Annabeth, then by all means, I wouldn't be surprised .). I took this short-cut and ended up surviving. . .and, apparently, injured. "Oh, come on! We're out of food! You were missing―you've been gone for more than 8 hours! What the hell was I supposed to do? Sit here and be fucking useless?! Wait for you to return―" she cut me off, not letting me finish, her expression mirroring my own: furious. "What else? You're sick, Percy!" she countered and pointed to the thermometer. I sighed before giving her a look. A look that said 'What-the-fuck?!' . No matter how hard she had argued, her point failed to click with me. "What? You're