This is a future fic. I suggest you read "A Son's Eulogy" first to understand the story thoroughly, seeing that this is a companion one shot and continues on that particular timeline. Rated T for the suicide-ish theme. I do not own PJO or HoO. "Luke," I grabbed the insect repellent lotion and squeezed a generous amount into my hands. I rubbed it on Will's skin as he complained lightly, his eyes shining and brimming with excitement for his Summer stay at Camp Half-Blood, a place he had been dreaming of staying at for so many years. And now, he's going to get his wish. I turned to Luke, who was taking the bags from the SUV. "I want you to take care of your siblings, okay?" Luke laughed at me before nodding lightly, as if he was practicing, as if nodding to everything I said was something so constant that it would be his reflex action. "I've been taking care of those brats," he teased Will and carried him up and he (Will) squirmed in protest while Charlotte was watching, yelling and throwing out his threats playfully at his brother. It was a sight to behold, a memory that I'd freeze in time for all of eternity. "I've been taking care of them," he fell down and gave out an ' oof ' as he collided with the ground, "since they was born!" his voice and tone was strained, which was reasonable seeing that he took the fall and that Will was on his chest. Charlotte stifled a laugh as her twin brother glared at their older brother. " Still ," I stubbornly persisted, "If anything—and I mean anything —happens, I want you to give me a ring, okay?" I helped my boys up and brushed off the dirt from his shirt and pants before spraying some moisturizer around Charlotte. "If it weren't for my project with GNB, I would stay with you guys," I gave them an apologetic look, but Luke, as always, told me that it's fine and brushed it off with his charming grin, a trait he got from his equally charming father, Percy. "Mom!" Charlotte whined. I ignored Charlotte and gave Luke a condescending look. " Fine ," he eventually submitted, dusting off some of the dirt, leaves, and twigs that caught on to his maroon Harvard sweatshirt, a prized possession he refused to have anyone else, besides himself, touch or wash. I gave him a satisfied smile when I felt a tugged down at my jeans and I saw Will looking up to me, his grey eyes all big and stormy. It was an astounding sight to see, his grey eyes. I've seen those pair of eyes my whole life, even before Will was born, and yet I have never been so enchanted by the sight. It's like seeing something I've been around with and being re-introduced to, but in a whole new, different perspective. "But, Mom," his eyes were filled with curiosity, a trademark Athenian characteristic. "Aren't phones, technically, illegal around," he looked around, looking over his shoulders, watching out for anything that could have been lurking out in the woods, yet another typical Athenian trait, "these places?" he squeaked out, much to Luke's extreme delight, and made him burst out in laughter at his brother's high pitched voice. Charlotte rolled her eyes and face-palmed herself, watching the scene and seeing how her twin brother is acting. " So busted!" he couldn't contain his grin as he swung his arm and bag over his shoulder, studying and cherishing the SUV that's about to become his, the same SUV that I bought solely for the purpose of my living, weekly nightmare—Will's dreaded soccer practice. Of course, being the dutiful mother I am, I never told Will of my, erm, dislike of his annual Saturday activity, but it irked me to no end, and honestly? I would rather spend the day in and just download a movie from uTorrent ( Which is now controlled by Cabin 6, the Athena cabin .) and enjoy being a pirate. "Mom?" his voice jarred me back to reality, snapping me back to the world I live in. He gave me this look and I placed a hand on my hip, gave him a knowing look. "William," I started off, taking a deep breath of air as I tried to think of a less biased way of explanation. Alas, I couldn't. "Honey, dear , your father and I happened to be the Western Civilization's most important heroes and assets," I gave him a wink as Luke gave out a whoop, "I bet that both the gods and Chiron could make an exception for Percy and Annabeth Jackson's kids." Will gave me a look and Luke kept laughing. "That's a bit biased, Mom," He retorted and Luke ran over to Will and gave him a high five. "The world is biased—no one said that the world is fair." Luke raised a brow as he cocked his head to a side. "That's not very motherly, not something I'd expect from my friends' mothers, too." I gave out a short and unamused laugh, my face morphed from cheery to serious. "Well, Lucas, honey , I'm not sure if you know this already, but being my son and all that, I'd expect you to know," I crossed my arms and gave him a daring look, "I'm not like most mothers out there." Luke let out a hearty chuckle and shook his head slowly. "So I'm told," he breathed out and placed all the bags down, walked towards me, and enveloped me n a tight embrace. "You don't have to worry about us, Mom," he gave me a reassuring smile. "I know that you're still worried, but there's no need to be," I opened my mouth to protest, but he cut me off. Something he got from his father. "And if some idiot camper decides to attack them, well , they'd be sorry." He looked over at Will and Charlotte, they were fussing over one of Chiron's ancient leather journals. "They'd be sorry that they ever thought of messing with the Jackson siblings." I hugged him tighter, breathing in his scent. "Just take care of them, Lucas." I ordered him and I felt him chuckle. He buried his face into shoulder, something he did when he's either thankful or scared. "Besides," and then, there was this confident tone in his voice. "Who woud want to mess with them? Their arrival at Camp would be the second biggest thing ever, second to my arrival of course, but rest assured, they'll be celebrities!" I released him from my embrace and gave him a curious look. "They'd be asking about their totally awesome big brother, after all!" I snorted at that and sent them off. "I was kidding!" he shouted out, in between his laughter as they went ahead the woods, leaving me alone on the isolated highway. I began driving home. I had to go home and get some sleep. I had to travel to California to attend this meeting with an executive from GNB to discuss the details for their new headquarters because he thought that having video conferences were unethical and stupid. Of course, being a single mother of three, I found it nerve-wracking, how I had to turn my schedule upside down because of a single client. Barnabus Stinson , that was his name. I felt the urge to kill him, to subdue him. But I couldn't do that, I'd have a little too many witnesses for that, and the fact that I still have to put Will and Charlotte through middle school, high school, and college ( And by Zeus, he wants to be a doctor! I mean, first a lawyer, then a doctor, and then a politician? When am I going to rest ?). Stupid Will Solace, being around my son, inspiring him to become a radiologist. " Baby, baby, baby, oh !" the song sounded throughout the car. I cringed at the high pitched noise. Immediately, I turned the radio off and began to lean to the other side when I realized that this was the Ford Ecosport, not the my work car, the Hyundai Accent. I mentally berated myself for leaving the pack of music CDs at my car. Turning the song off had snapped me back to reality and realized how quiet it was. Without the kids to make noise, I never realized how long it was, the drive home. No music or radio ( I've lost faith in radio channels .), no kids to make noise to keep my mind off the noticeable silence inside the SUV. The silence eventually swallowed me whole as I drove finally made it inside the private subdivision. I drove through the street, the orange hue of the sunset gracing and touching the asphalt as the broken line (the white paint) disappeared over the hill. Soon, I spotted my cozy, two story home. My hand automatically went to my right, the passenger seat, and felt something plastic and rectangular. I felt particularly satisfied, grabbing the remote at one try without having the need to turn my head. I opened the garage door and drove in. I was about to get out when I heard a familiar ' ding ' and, on reflex, my head shot to the back, looking over my shoulder to see my bag and I instinctively grabbed out for it. My hand, once it had a grip on the white leather of Hermes ( A gift from Aphrodite, actually .), grabbed it and placed it on my lap. I started searching for my phone. I finally found it and unlocked it and saw a missed call from my kids. I found myself frowning, thinking of situations of what could have happened to them. I rushed to call them back when I saw a message saying they got there fine and a message asking me to call immediately. Feeling tired and all, I decided to make it a task for later. I was about to place the phone back in when I saw a name, something I had not paid much attention to recently. I let out a short breath of air as I examined the number and the contact picture. I tapped the picture and gingerly ran my fingers through the screen at the enlarged picture. My breath caught on a hitch as I held back a sob, as I felt my eyes brimming with tears. I clenched my jaws as my breathed in fast and heavy. Suddenly, not sure if it was against my will or not, my finger went for this green telephone icon. Soon, I pressed my phone on my right ear and heard it ring and felt something around me vibrate. I let the tears run as the ringing continued, as the vibrating continued. I felt sick to the gut when I realized what I was doing to myself. I felt sick and disgusted at how I'm acting, but I continued and refused to let it rest, to remove it. I braced myself for the his voice. I closed my eyes shut, but they flew open when I heard his voice. " Hey ," I wanted to reply, so badly. I wanted to believe that he had finally answered the call, out of the thousands I sent to his phone. " Who is this ?" his voice was groggy, like he had just risen from his sleep. There was a long pause. I braced myself for his laughter, and when it came, I felt my world shake as he tried ( And failed .) to control his laughter, which slowly faded. " Ha! Hey, sorry about that—bet I fooled you there for a second, didn't I ?" I wanted to be fooled, to wake up as an idiot and to believe what I wanted to believe, but I couldn't. I couldn't believe because I've already been