This is only my second SYOT, so please don't flame if it's terrible. Please let me know what you think and if you want to submit a tribute, the form and details are at the bottom. Enjoy. The first reaping in this chapter is of Finnagen Gold submitted by Redwut, I hope I portrayed him how you imagined. Disclaimer: I am not Suzanne Collins and I do not own the hunger games, I am merely writing this for my own pleasure, and yours I guess. Paylor's POV I sigh as I step onto the platform to make the public announcement. I don't want to do this, but Coin had suggested it and the victors voted on it. Even after Katniss shot Coin the ones that voted for the games pestered me until I said I would look into it. Johanna Mason can be surprisingly irritating when she continuously rings you at 2 am asking you about it. I put together a committee with a few representatives from each district. I didn't know either of the ones from District 1. District 2 had Enobaria and someone else I didn't know. District 3 was Beetee and some other victor from years ago. 4 was Annie and another random citizen. 5 and 6 didn't have any victors that weren't dead so they were just random citizens. 7 was Johanna, when I tried to suggest otherwise she offered to rip my head off, plant flowers in my throat and then water them with my blood. I changed my mind quickly, she probably would carry out the threat. There was also some other guy that Johanna sort of knew before the rebellion. 8 was someone called Twill who turned up almost dead in the Capitol just after Coin was killed. She claimed she was from District 8 and had run away with a girl called Bonnie just before the revolution and they had tried to make it to 12 but Bonnie had died on the way so Twill gave up and walked back to the Capitol to give herself up. Katniss vouched for her. 9 and 10 were again random citizens. 11 was Rue's mum and Thresh's grandma. I wasn't really sure why the victors choose them at first but they proved pretty helpful. 12 of course was Katniss and Peeta. 13 was Plutarch and anther random citizen. We didn't get a representative from the Capitol because I knew there would be no point. The districts would have just overruled them. "We need to heal rifts between the Capitol and the districts, we have voted and we feel the best way to do this is to have one last hunger games with the children of the Capitol." Yells of anger erupt from the crowd here, but I continue none the less. "One last hunger games to symbolize the start of a new era, rising out of the ashes of an old one. After these games, we can move on. Build up a new country where those from the Capitol and the districts are all treated equally." People are getting angrier and screaming. "That is all." I say. I don't want this, but I need to get the districts on my side. The Capitol will be angry for a time, but they forget things quickly enough. I turn around and I'm just walking off the platform when I hear one scream above the rest. "Where was our vote?" I stop. Maybe if I tell them they may calm down, just a little. "Did you see us protest like this at every reaping?" I ask them. "Did you see our vote on whether we would do the hunger games or not 76 years ago?" I look at the crowd who are silent. "No! This is a necessary evil. You want revenge on us for this, don't you?" I ask the crowd. They scream yes. "Well we haven't had any revenge for 75 years' worth of games. If we do this, less people would die than the alternative option. The people who normally run the hunger games would have had to be executed. Anyone who personally worked for Snow, would have been executed. These games are a message to the children of the Capitol. So they understand what we went through. And then it will all be other. We can live in peace. This is for the greater good." Then I walk off. There are still shouts of anger, but not as many. I hope the victors were right. I hope this does work. Finnagen Gold's POV (Sector 1 reaping day) This is absolutely ridiculous. What did us Capitol kids ever kids ever do? Now we're being divided up into 12 'districts' and being reaped. This new president, Paylor, or whatever her name is, is bang out of order. "We need to heal rifts between the Capitol and the districts, we have voted and we feel the best way to do this is to have one last hunger games with the children of the Capitol . One last hunger games to symbolise the start of a new era rising out of the ashes of the old one. After these games, we can move on. Build up a new country, where those from the Capitol and districts are all treated equally." Was what she said when she announced it. How is it going to 'heal rifts'? It's just gonna make us from the Capitol hate them even more, come on turning the games against us though? Okay, yes I did used to watch the games. They were good entertainment. It's not like the kids that died in it had much to live for anyway. They'd just go back to their districts and live their lives there for the rest of their days while mentoring other tributes to go into the games. And before the games? Well their lives were even more insignificant then. They lived in poverty, the games gave them a chance for wealth. Well not that much wealth, not compared to here in the Capitol, but they have a lot more money than before. And anyway when was this supposed vote? No one here in the Capitol knows anything about it. They say they want to bring us together as one, but how's that going to work if they leave us out when voting for stuff. Especially when it affects us directly. This new government is just going to be corrupt. I unscrew the pot of pomade on my chest of drawers and start styling my short hair. I comb one side to the side and make it look sleek and shiny. It's the new range at the Capitol because we can't get many hair products to do really fancy styles at the moment anyway. I do it like this almost every day so I'm soon finished. I check in the mirror and see my pale reflection staring back, my bright teal hair looking startlingly vibrant compared to my pale complexion. I've always been pretty pale but this hair colour I tried out just before Katniss shot Coin and Paylor became president makes my skin look even paler than usual. I'll have to stop dying it soon. I've only managed to keep it this colour for so long because my dad owns a hair dye shop/ tattoo/ ear piercing parlour. I managed to persuade him to let me have all the teal coloured dye packs, but that was almost a year ago and they've cut back on the number of luxuries we get now. You can still get your hands on hair dye, it's just more expensive to get your hands on the stuff to make the dye so lots of people here don't bother now. I can't afford to buy dye now because Dad's almost gone out of business because people can afford less and less luxuries now. The new government is cutting a lot of wages here in the Capitol and raising taxes too. In the districts wages are going up and taxes are going down, somehow I don't understand how that's fair, but then I don't really do politics. I just know enough to understand what's going on now the rebellion is over. I walk over to my wardrobe and start trying to decide between the millions of outfits I own. A lot of them I've only worn once or twice. I decide to go simple and just put on a crisp white shirt and black skinny jeans. I put the shirt on, glancing in the mirror as I do so. My stomach is muscular and taut even though I'm standing relaxed. I work out twice a week and it's pays off. My shirt is a bit tight when I do the buttons up so if you look carefully, you can just about make out the outline of the skull tattoo on my back. It's not got any colours on it. I think coloured tattoos are hideous, black and white shows it how it is. Coloured tattoos draw attention to you. They go 'Hey look at me, I'm just attention seeking' I don't know why it bothers me so much. I haven't got a problem with colour or expressing myself, my hair's dyed bright blue for goodness' sake, it just annoys me. I pull on my black jeans and tighten them with my black belt with studs. I look in my full length mirror. Almost perfect. I just need one more finishing touch. I put on my stud earrings. Now I look good. Some people from the districts would say I'm making way too big a deal out of this. I don't think so though. None of us guys at school would admit it, but we always spend almost as much time as the girls looking good. In the Capitol looking your best is a big deal if you don't look your best when going out in public, well it's just weird. Why would you want people seeing you wearing ugly clothes or with a hairstyle that doesn't suit you? Your image is everything in the Capitol. I've spent years building up my image. My image tells people I know how to look good, my image tells people if I warn them to back off, then do. My image reflects who I am. "Finn, mum wants to know if you want pancakes?" Quint my very annoying younger brother yells up to my room. "Yeah." I shout back. My mum makes the best pancakes ever. She drowns them in maple syrup and then layers them one on top of each other with a couple of rashers of bacon in between each layer. We don't get them as much now because of the wage cuts and stuff. They're restricting how much of each item goes to the Capitol and how much is distributed to the districts. I can smell the bacon frying as I walk down the stairs. "Took you long enough to get ready." Cara, my older sister comments as I walk into the kitchen. She thinks guys just put on the first thing they find and hopes it works, she doesn't get that how you present yourself is everything. "Here you go." Mum delivers the mountain of warm pancakes onto my plate. "Thanks." I grin and start to attack it. I'm careful though, I don't want to have to change my shirt. As usual they are delicious. "Can you two get to the reaping okay?" Dad asks Quint and I as he walks in. I nod, chewing a large mouthful. "Make sure Quint gets there on time." Mum adds, glaring at me. I roll my eyes. Why do I have to be responsible for him. He's 14, that's old enough to be able to go the reapings without his older brother. "I don't need Finn to take me." Quint says quickly, while standing up to stack his dishes on the side. "You two will walk together. I don't want either of you to lose