And From Those Moments: Fallen "Look after my little Katniss." After the first moment I saw her, I promised myself that I would grow up to marry the most beautiful girl I'd ever seen, the girl with the beautiful voice: Katniss Everdeen. I hoped that the hardships we both faced when we were eleven and twelve would help us grow closer; I suppose I've got a few more years to try. Peeta: pre-Hunger Games Chapter One " We were five. You had a red plaid dress and your hair...it was in two braids instead of one. My dad pointed you out while we were waiting to line up. He said, 'See that little girl? I wanted to marry her mother, but she ran off with a coal miner.' And I said, 'A coal miner? Why did she want a coal miner if she could've had you?' And he said, 'Because when he sings...even the birds stop to listen.' So that day, in music assembly, the teacher asked who knew the valley song. Your hand shot right up in the air. She put you up on a stool and had you sing it for us. And I swear, ever bird outside the windows fell silent. And right when your song ended, I knew -just like your mother- I was a goner." (Peeta Mellark's POV) I am woken to the sound of loud footsteps outside my room and the voices of my two brothers hollering at each other down the corridor. I groan and cover my head with my pillow, pulling my threadbare blanket over me again. The sun's only just risen, why do they want to be up now, I wonder. When I hear the squeak of my door, I stay in the same place until I hear my mum whisper, "Pete, honey, time to get up." I push the pillow off my head and rub my eyes, sleepily mumbling, "Hey mum. Why do I need to get up so early?" "It's your first day of school," she explains, sitting down on the edge of my bed and gently rubbing my messy blonde hair. "You don't want to be late now, do you?" "I suppose not," I reply, sitting up and crossing my legs in front of me. I look out the window at the sunrise, through the ripped curtains and mutter, "It seems really early to get up though." "Well, school starts at eight and you need to be there before so you don't get in late," she answers, standing up and offering her hand out to me so I can get up too. I fall back onto the mattress and lay there until my mum's hands have grabbed me beneath the armpit. I squeal as she lifts me up and places me on the floor, tiggling me as she moves me. "Come on," she laughs, ruffling my hair. "Go and have a shower then I'll help you get ready." I nod and grab the thin towel of the end of my bed, making my way down the corridor to the bathroom. "Hey muffin," shouts my second oldest brother, James. "Morning Jim," I call back. "Morning Matt," I add for my eldest brother, wherever he may be. I put my hand on the door handle for the bathroom and begin to turn it as James asks, "Has mum sent you to get ready so you look nice on your first day of school? Recognise that this is the only day she'll care about your appearance-" "Be quiet, James," I hear mum shouting from downstairs. I smile and quietly answer to him, "Put you in your place, didn't it?" Suddenly, the bathroom door opens and Matthew walks out, to find me fallen on the floor, my heart racing unbelievably fast. "Woah, muffin, what happened there?" he questions, stifling his laughter a lot more successful than James, who is now lying on the floor in his room, his laughter ringing through the house loud and clear. "You gave me a fright, that's all," I complain, taking the hand he offers to help me back to my feet. I brush the dust from the wall off my shoulder as I feel my cheeks heating up. "I'm fine now though." I push past him and into the bathroom, shutting the door behind me, embarrassed by my reaction to any everyday occurrence. I sigh, dropping the towel onto the floor and taking off my too-small pyjamas before stepping into the shower and drawing the curtain around me as I start the water. As the first drops of cold water hit my head, I gasp at the temperature, finding it refreshing though. I quickly wash myself and my hair, knowing that I can't waste any water, and then turn off the shower. I step out again and look around for the towel, unable to find it where I left it. I search the whole room, under everything until the thought occurs to me that James never likes to leave things easy for me. I scream out in frustration and kick out, stubbing my toe on the bathroom cabinet. Grabbing the only thing available, I throw my pyjamas back on and storm into my brothers' room, desperately planning to give them a piece of my mind. When I walk in and find them both sitting on their own bed, I notice James holding my towel. He looks up at me and smirks, chucking the towel at me. "You may need another shower, muffin," he suggests with the hint of laughter in his voice as I catch the towel. "Why?" I snap, attempting to incorporate some fierceness into my tone. "Looks like you may have had an accident," he notes, looking at the dampness on my pyjamas from where I had to put them over my wet body. "That's your fault!" I shout, running towards him and throwing myself on top, trying to punch him. Within seconds, he's rolled us off his bed so I land on the floor with him on top. I try to roll us back over so I have the advantage but there's no point with him having been on the school wrestling team already for a year. After a few minutes of struggling to move, I attempt to punch him but he pins my arms down by my wrist and he stops my legs from moving by kneeling on my legs. I glare at him and he knows instantly what I plan to do because he quickly grabs my towel from behind him and stuffs it into my mouth. He smirks as Matthew says from the other side of the room, not at all worried about the fight in front of him, "There's no point fighting him. He knows every trick in the book, he tried them all on me." "James Mellark!" screams mum as she makes her way to the top of the stairs and sees him pinning me to the floor. "Let go of him at once." He pulls a face and mocks her quietly under his breath but doesn't actually move until mum grabs hold of his arm and pulls him off, throwing him against the wall. She then kneels down and picks me up, carefully hugging me to her chest. I hold back onto her tightly and hide my face in her hair. "James, you know not to hurt him in the slightest," mum continues her rant against my brother. "He's only five, for Heaven's sake! How do you expect him to behave?" "He started on me," argues James. I glance up and see him leaning up against the wall, arms crossed over his chest and a stony expression on his face. "He stole my towel from the bathroom which is why I'm in my pyjamas again," I complain. As his frown deepens and he throws death glares at me, he mutters under his breath, "Snitch." Something tells me that he should be grateful that I'm in the room with him but he does nothing to show this gratitude, quite the opposite in fact. "Don't do it again," mum warns simply and my idea is completely supported because I've heard her use much harsher words before. She walks out of their room quickly and back into mine, sitting on my bed and loosening her grip around me. I, on the other hand, possibly tighten my grip as I mumble, "Is everyone at school like that?" She sighs and rubs my back, which I now realise is throbbing from the impact of the fall plus the weight of my brother. "That's just your brother being you brother," she replies. "No one else is like that." "Good. I wouldn't want to go if they were like that," I admit, finally letting go of her and sliding onto my mattress next to her. "Well, you are, honey," she reasons. "Do you want to dry off whilst I get your clothes?" "I guess I should," I agree. She smiles and kisses my head. "I'll be fast," she promises, standing up and swiftly exiting the room. Once she leaves, I shut the door before taking my pyjamas off again as I wrap the towel around my body and beginning drying myself. At the sound of a knock on the door, I ask, "Who's there?" "It's me, darling," answers my mum. "May I come in?" "Yes, of course," I say. She walks in and shuts the door behind herself, kneeling down so her face is level with mine as she puts the clothes on my bed. She ruffles my hair and then brushes it flat. "They're brand new clothes," she promises, smiling. I look at her, shocked by the fact. I've never had new clothes that I've been the first to wear; one or both of my brothers have always had them first. I watch her carefully as she first shows me my new pair of grey shorts, then my perfectly ironed white shirt, a black tie, and finally a matching grey jumper with a dark blue lining around the edge. I quickly change into the new outfit, careful to not crease the shirt. Mum smiles again as she ties the tie around my neck and whispers, "My baby's all grown up." I laugh and hug her. "Thank you," I mumble. "Don't worry," she replies. She grabs my hand and leads me out of the room, downstairs into the bakery where my dad and two brothers are waiting to walk with me to school. James sniggers when he sees me, which results in elbow in the ribs from my dad, who also smiles at me. As he brushes the flour off his jacket, he says, "Are you ready yet?" I nod and turn to mum, where she places a kiss on my hair before I finish walking down the stairs to my dad. He takes his turn to ruffle my hair as my two brothers begin making their way out of the house and I follow them. As I make my way to school, I keep silent so I don't embarrass myself once again. I glance around the town as we walk and take note of the coal dust that covers everywhere in sight. I can't empathise with the coal miners who are the foundation of this District and can sometimes die from their job because my job will be much simpler as a baker, which has always been the work of my family. I wonder what the school will be like. Maybe the teachers and students will be like what my brothers have said they're like, or maybe they'll be completely different. I'm wishing that it will be much more exciting and interesting that I've heard tales of. I hope that I will make some good friends there that I can hang around with when I have free time from the bakery. My mum's really my best friend at the moment because she's always there for me and I can tell her anything. "Have