Katniss Everdeen had always lived a life of pure misery, from the moment she was born. Despite being told that her father was a kind man that the birds listened to when he sang, he died, just a few days after she was born. To support the two of them, her mother remarried when Katniss was three, but the man she married made their lives even harder than they had been. It was obvious that the marriage between her mother and Coriolanus Snow was not a choice of love, a fact that Katniss would have realised, even if her mother had not told her. The man appeared to love no one, other than himself and his two spoilt daughters. He certainly never cared for Katniss' mother, much less herself, so it was easy for him not to love them. When Coriolanus Snow came to live with Katniss' mother, he brought his two own daughters with him: Gliceria and Claudette. If ever there were spoilt girls, even when they were only five and eight upon their arrival, the two were certainly perfect examples. Whatever they asked their father of, they got, and Katniss was never given the same treatment. Five years after the marriage happened, when Katniss was eight, her mother died of unexplained reasons. The young girl mourned from the moment her mother's heart stopped, but no one else in her household did, and they did not allow her to mourn for long, either. The funeral of Katniss' mother was planned for just two days after her death, but Coriolanus Snow and his daughters abused Katniss just a day after that. First, it started as just the odd job, here and there, but it was enough to tire an eight year old. Of course, it was also enough to prevent her from ever having time to visit her mother and father's graves. However, as the years of life on her own increased, so did the intensity of her jobs. From the minute her mother died, Katniss had been written into a lifetime of servitude for Coriolanus Snow and his daughters. However, despite the hardships faced by Katniss and the abuse delivered to her by the family her mother had married into, she grew into a beautiful girl, who never retaliated. She was still kind and never held any hatred towards anyone in the Everdeen household, and she never dropped the smile from her face, when she was in other people's company. She even sang as she did her hard work for the day. It was somewhat lucky for her that she had the company of another servant on most days. The man, who was two years her elder and called Gale, had been forced to work in the Everdeen household, too, because he had seen Katniss' treatment outside of the house and argued against it. Coriolanus Snow said that, if he disagreed so much, he should help her, to lessen the load, although it was not something he had the choice over. In comparison to Katniss' good nature growing with age, the spoilt nature of her two step-sister worsened. They were sometimes worse than their father in their commands and they took great pleasure in mocking the younger girl. Therefore, they each gained their own nickname from Gale, which he often used in their company: Gliceria was named 'Glimmer', after her love for sparkling clothes; and Claudette was named 'Clove', after her absurd request once, for only four leaved clovers in a bouquet. It did not mean that Katniss ever had a name free of mockery, though. On the contrary, the two sisters took great amusement in her unusual name, as one of their many topics for amusement. They could also tease her for her relationship with Gale, and how neither of them would ever regain a decent place in society. However, no matter what they tried, Katniss would not stop smiling. "Catnip!" a shrill voice from the doorway called, using one of the many names that Katniss' step-sisters had thought of. Almost dropping the plate in her hands, in her haste to address them, Katniss span on her heels to face whichever one of them it was, wiping her hands on her apron as she turned. Then, as she let out a sigh of relief, she said, "I forgot how good your impressions of my sisters can be, Gale." "I need to have something to fill my time here, and it often seems as if copying Glimmer and Clove is the only option," Gale reminded his best friend. "You should be working," reasoned Katniss, turning back around to continue with the washing up. "What have you been doing this morning thus far?" "I began the day by cleaning the dining room and the hallway, before I made breakfast. Then, once everyone was out of their room, I tidied them and attended to those who needed my help. And, now, I am here," answered Gale. "That would impressive, if I were not for the fact that I recognise it exactly as my own list of chores," Katniss argued. Gale shrugged, pulling himself to sit on the draining board, where the clean dishes were being placed. "You will ruin your uniform, Gale," complained Katniss. "I am sure that you would be able to wash it, if that were necessary," Gale decided. Katniss paused the washing up, turning around slowly to face her best friend, with an eyebrow raised. "Of course. I never have enough work to do. I spend most of my time just sitting around." Sighing, she finished washing the last plate, before she asked, "And what are you due to be doing right now, Mr Hawthorne?" Looking a little abashed, Gale jumped down, off the draining board, so that he could walk over to the table. There, he looked down at his list of jobs, before he turned to look at his best friend, telling her, "I am due to be the horses, now." "And why are you still here, then?" Katniss replied, crossing the room, to pick up a broom from the corner. "Surely, as you finished your last task a while ago, you should be far into your next work." "I swear those horses hate me," muttered Gale, looking down at the floor. "I, on the other hand, believe you are a coward, who is only trying to avoid working," disagreed Katniss, walking towards the steps. "I am sorry that I assumed that when a horse has its ears back and its teeth bared, it is angry," Gale grumbled. Pausing in the doorway of the room, Katniss felt a faint smile creeping across her lips. "Fine. But I get to challenge you." Gale glanced up, so she knew she had his attention. "Complete this task in the time that it takes me to clean the house and I will do whatever you ask me to do, as long as it is not one of your own jobs. I have enough of my own to do." "Whatever I ask?" repeated Gale. His best friend nodded. "Challenge accepted, then. I hope you are prepared to lose." Even before Katniss got the chance to answer, Gale had already exited the room, so Katniss allowed her smile to grow. Without sounding too arrogant, she knew that Gale would not finish in the time she had given him; she could give him an extra few minutes and even that would not affect the outcome. She had been doing the same jobs for many years longer than he had, so she was practised in getting everything done quickly. However, to be fair, she did go a little slower as she went around the house, taking a minute or so longer in each room she cleaned. She decided it would probably equate to about ten minutes extra, which, for her at least, would be more than enough time. She could not help but not hold out the same thought for her best friend, especially as he was with the creatures he seemed to hate so much. It eventually got to the point, though, that, even though she knew she could take a little less time for preparing the midday meal, she no longer felt comfortable going at such a slow pace. Therefore, she soon began walking back downstairs, although, admittedly, she did waste a bit of time by taking no shortcuts. It did not surprise her that, when she reached the kitchen, no one was there. She started preparing for the next meal immediately, planning in her head what she was going to say to Gale, when he eventually arrived. As he had to, did he not, because he was due to help her with the meal. She did not question his lack of appearance, though, until she had peeled, chopped and cooked all the food, before it was plated up, and she only heard another person when she heading into the dining room. Once she had set the table, putting everything perfectly on it, Katniss waited for the three people to come in, before she moved again. Even then, she had to wait to dismissed, before she could leave the room, after curtseying and wishing them a good meal. She knew that she would only have a few minutes before she would be called back, to clear up and receive her next tasks, but she composed herself, before heading downstairs. When she reached the doorway, through which she would enter the kitchen, she could not help but stop again. In front of her, her best friend finally sat, with his back to her, although he looked as if he were slumped uncomfortably. Too, in his hand that rested on the table, he tightly held a glass, which was partly full of a liquid Katniss could not identify from sight alone, but could guess what it contained. "I did not realise you could drink whilst working, let alone this early in the day," she said softly, so she did not cause him to be frightened too much. "It is not the kind of drink you have made the assumption that it is. Unfortunately, I am not allowed to know where that is stocked. It is actually only one of your herbal remedy potion things," Gale admitted, after he sat up a little straighter at the sound of his best friend's voice. "I know you usually charge for these, a price I will definitely pay, but I could not help myself." "I will not charge you, Gale, but why ever would you need one?" asked Katniss, walking towards the man in the seat. "I told you that those damn horses hated me," stated Gale. Normally, Katniss would have objected to cursing in any form, but she understood his reason for doing so, when she knelt down in front of him. From only his flesh that she could see, she could tell that he had obviously not been lying about the hatred he and the horses shared. Any exposed skin seemed to be covered in bruises and deep wounds, which she guessed came from hooves and teeth of angry horses. Instead of making a comment on the wounds, however, she picked up the glass of the table, smelt it, and then put it back down. "You need something much stronger than that." "I must admit that, after all this time, I have guessed that," Gale agreed. Katniss stood up, without saying anything, and walked into one of the smallest side rooms, where she kept her medical equipment. She had never been trained as a nurse, but her mother had had a knowledge of anything she would need to become one, and Katniss often found herself reading one of her mother's journals at night. In that way, she had gained all her knowledge. As soon as she had collected the ointments she would need, as well as a stronger painkiller and some bandages, she headed straight back to her best friend. When next to him, she placed