My Dandelion, Hidden By Snow Living without Peeta will be hard, but I know that it's the right thing to do. I need to grow away from him, let him love someone better. That is until I hunt in the snow and recall some of the times that Snow has brought us closer. This storm has been raging on for much too long, and I only now realise that Snow has been hiding my Dandelion... In more ways than one. It's cold. Much too cold. Winter in District Twelve always used to be hard but I didn't used to mind. To me, it didn't matter that I couldn't always get food, just as long as Prim could. And then she used to like the snow, the rare privilege that would appear for sometimes months on end in the year. She loved to see it hiding all the horrors that our District possessed. Now it can't even do that, and she's not here to make me smile. Before this one, the hardest winter for us had to be the year after my father died. My mother is still kind of unaware of the world around her, even though it is the coldest winter that the District has experienced in living memory. She doesn't really listen to where either of her daughters are going, especially where her youngest wants to go, so she lets her play outside in the snow all day with Rory, although she doesn't really have a proper coat. I come back late from hunting with Gale, because we'd been working since before dawn, until many hours after the heavy snow clouds covered the weak winter sun. I walk in and find mother sitting as she usually is at this time of the night, but I can't see Prim trying to talk to her, or even playing with her disgusting little cat. I try to get mother to tell me where she has gone, but it is as much use as talking to a brick wall. So I go around to the Hawthorne's to ask Rory if he knows instead; he is a smart seven year old, so I doubt that he would have let her get hurt, especially as he knows that I would get him if he did. He tells me that they had been out during the day but, when it had started to get dark, he gave her his coat and she set off for home; did she not get back then? I shake my head and lie, just saying that she was a little too cold to talk, so I make up that I had come around to check with him what had happened. But, really, by this point, a heavy feeling of fear has filled my empty stomach and made me feel sick. Where is she and how did she get lost between here and our house? I know I have to find her, because she is my responsibility and I wouldn't be able to live with myself, knowing that I had lost her. I spend the next few hours first running around the main part of the Seam, then through all the back alleys, and then I make my way into Town. It is my last hope and, if it is where she is, I won't blame her because all the shut shops, their warm, golden light pouring onto the dark streets, look a lot more inviting than the cold and ramshackle houses of the Seam. But why and how did she get here? For a while, I wander around and peer into the shop fronts, looking for the thin frame of my sister, hopefully being looked after by someone kind. Often, I am shooed away before I get a long enough chance to look, but, by the time I have reached the last shop on the last street, I still haven't found her. I don't know what to do because that is my last light gone. I sink to the floor, my head in my hands as tears begin to slip down my cheeks, freezing where they stop and turning my cheeks to ice. At this point too, the snow begins to fall heavily, but I don't really care that I am in it; I just still want to find my little sister and take her away from it and to somewhere warm. "Katniss?" a soft voice that I have heard many times around the school but never directed to me whispers. However, I pretend not to hear him. I don't think I need Peeta Mellark's charity. It was only the week before when he threw those burnt loaves to me after I had fallen over in his back garden, unable to sell any of Prim's baby clothes for a decent price anywhere. He then came into school the next day with a swollen cheek and a black eye, making me feel incredibly guilty, so I looked down to find a dandelion on the ground. Hope. "Sssh it's okay," he continues. He kneels down on the floor beside me and takes off his jacket from his shoulders, putting it around my shoulders instead. He carefully lifts my hands from my face so his blue eyes met my grey. He smiles at me, but I can tell that he is actually worried for some reason and, because of the bright red colour of his cheeks, I can tell that he's also been wandering around in the cold for a while. I shake my head and try to look away, but his warm gloved hand on my cold cheeks pulls me back to him. I look up at his kind face and wish more than anything that he'll be able to make it better; stop the snow, find my sister, bring back my parents, make it better than it ever was. But he can't. He's no miracle maker, no matter what the rest of the girls in my year believe. So I bring my knees up to my chest and rest my chin on my knees, shutting my eyes as I sigh. "Katniss, I found your sister a couple of hours ago," he says quietly, his breath on my cheek beginning to warm the rest of my body. "I took her into my house to warm up. She's fine now." I open my eyes to stare at him. He's got a look of pure honesty on his face but he can't be telling the truth, can he? I searched everywhere for her and didn't find her, so how did someone who didn't care in the slightest about a Seam kid find her, and why did he then take her in? This boy is somewhat incredible, no matter how much I don't want to admit it. "Come back with me and I'll show you," he promises, taking my frozen hands in his, before slipping the gloves onto my hands as he puts my arm through the crook of his, his hands now stuffed into his pockets. After he leads me to my feet, I walk next to him in silence, possibly because I don't know what to say to him and I think my lips are frozen anyway, but mainly because I'm in awe of him. He seems so perfect and caring, even when he doesn't try to be. He's saved my family more times than I would like to count already, and he'll no doubt do it again, numerous times in the future. "We're going to have to go in the back way," he admits as we reach the back of his house, the garden already covered in a deep sprinkling of snow. "My mum doesn't know that Prim's from the Seam. She thought she was someone from the Town who got lost. She won't let you in if she sees you." Still, I can't find it within myself to talk, and I think it's probably better if I don't now. So I stay in silence as I follow him, sneaking up the stairs and trying desperately not to pause as the warm, sweet smell of bread fills my nostrils. It's only when I catch sight of my sister sitting on a bed, wrapped in blankets and close to a heater that I finally shout, "Prim!" letting go off Peeta and running forward to envelop her in a tight hug. After that, I took Prim back to mother, and she hardly seemed to notice that we had gone. But I never thanked Peeta for looking after her, and I still never have. I'm unbelievably grateful for every secret thing he did for us, I am just not the kind of person that can easily thank someone else. I sigh and get back to my feet, pulling the jacket further around me and zipping it up to the very top as I pull the hood up over my head. I'm getting no game whilst the weather is like this, I'm really just sitting here in the mere hope that some brave animal with venture out into the snow to find some food of its own. And I don't even need game to eat actually, I just want something to be the same as it was before the Games. I stretch out my fingers in the gloves, trying to bring some feeling back into them as I clasp the bow tighter in my hands, the arrow that is loaded in it balancing without me holding it. The Victory Tour started when it was snowy too, and I was in fact wearing this coat; I'm only wearing it again now because it's so warm in comparison to the outside world. I don't want to be reminded of what changed my world so much. I possibly hate the snow now. There's no longer my little sister playing in it to make me smile. She managed to quickly forget about the time she got lost in it but I never could forget, especially when I found Peeta looking at me whenever the white flakes began to fall from the sky. And then choosing to hunt in this makes it even worse. I no longer have my best friend to joke around in it with, because he was the one who took my little sister away from me. He was the one who kept me hunting all the time, the reason that I was able to kill people and why I had to come back with Peeta. Peeta. His name burns my tongue even when I don't say it out loud; I just have to think it for him to take over my mind, like the venom sometimes still takes over his mind and body. He still confuses me; he confused me for such a long time before, and he probably will forever confuse me, so I don't know why he still fascinates me. Why is it that I am so easily drawn to him, like a mockingjay is to a song? I know the reason why we broke up, and it makes me feel like there is a pain in my chest from the moment when I told him to leave me alone and to find someone better. As I sit down at the edge of the lake where my father used to take me, I realise that the truth probably is that I do love him. I mean, we went through too much to not feel something towards each other, and he even felt it before. But, the internal battle that still rages inside of me is based on the fact that I didn't actually tell him to leave me alone, I just ran away. Three months ago, we decide to just be friends. A week later, that promise failed and we began a relationship again, but as if we were starting a normal relationship, as normal people. We pretended to completely forget about the Games and to start over, but it was hard, especially with Peeta's