My Little Bit of Hope I saw my dad lose his life in the Games. I watched Rue lose her life in the Games, after she volunteered for me. I've watched Finnick fight for his life twice in the Games. Now the Capitol wants to know who else's life I am willing to give up in the Rebellion. This is the sequel to I Volunteer, so it is not necessary to read it, but it would be better if you wanted to know who some of my OCs are. This fanfiction is set around the exact same time as the books are- The 74th Hunger Games, until the end of the Rebellion. Enjoy! Prologue- My Little Bit of Hope The moon is high in the sky when Hope sits in her new garden, her legs crossed in front of her and her hands folded in her lap as she stares at the sky. A small smile flickers across her lips, joined with tears in her eyes, when she spots the group of stars together that she has been searching for: the constellation that they named Orion, long ago. Unknown to her family, she left her house to go into the garden as soon as she heard the sounds of sleep from every other member of her family. She knew that, like every night since her return to her house, she would not be able to sleep without nightmares. That night, if she were to sleep, they would be worse because she will leave her District, again, tomorrow. She sighs and shuts her eyes as she allows the comfortably warm wind to breeze across her face, rubbing her stomach gently in an attempt to calm the nerves already running high. It does not work. She's made it clear that she's not happy that she's alive without her best friend, so she sees no reason to celebrate. Why put herself on show for something she's not proud of? After a few more moments of complete stillness, the serenity not even disturbed by the thoughts that should be occupying the young girl's mind, she carefully gets to her feet and walks back inside. She knows that, even if sleep will not make her feel any better, everyone else will appreciate that she at least tried . If she won't sleep, she can always lie in silence in the "safety" of inside. However, as she quietly shuts the back door, before heading upstairs, she realises that she will never really feel safe again. She's seen and experienced too much to know that the world isn't as innocent as people always try to make it out to be. She doesn't even have her one anchor to the world to keep her safe anymore. The Games took him away, too. When she flops onto her huge bed, tucking her knees up to her chest and looking around, she spots the silver key on her bedside table that she was given, but didn't want to use. Wrapping her pale green dress around her legs to compensate for the loss of her arm's warmth, she reaches over and picks up the key for her best friend's old house, turning it over slowly within her fingers. A few days ago, his mother had come over to talk to her on her own. She explained to the younger girl that she had been the one to look after her whilst she was barely conscious of the world around her, because she had known that her son would not have wanted to see his best friend suffer, but also because she knew that there must have been a reason for her being on her own. She then went on to say how sorry for her loss she was- although Hope soon argued that her loss was nothing compared to the mother's- but she had her mind set on the fact that it would soon mean more to Hope that he had gone. She gave no more information on the subject, however, because she did not think that it would be right to fill the girl's head with worries. She finished by giving her the key to the window of his room, and another to the front of the house, saying that she would be welcome to come around whenever she wanted, especially if she wanted an escape from her life as a Victor. She was given the key to Orion's room because she didn't think that anyone else would use it after him, but they didn't want to have to clear the room out. Hope stares at it for a few minutes before jumping silently onto the floor and slowly walking out of her room, then back downstairs. She picks up the key for her own house and leaves it without a second glance, stepping into the warm outside once again. Her footsteps on the path should be barely noticeable but, for her in the silence, she feels as if anyone could hear her, and then find her. Due to how she is wary of every sound around, she walks carefully and slowly on her way to the Square from the Victors' Village. She pauses for a few minutes there, looking around her, before she turns away and heads towards the part of her District that used to be where both her and her best friend lived. She takes longer to walk there than she should, but it is because she takes in everything around her as she goes. After just over half an hour, she spots the two houses that used to be home to them, before she stops and sighs. She wishes more than anything that they could both be still living there, instead of only one of them living in the Victor's Village, whilst the other, unfortunately, does not even live at all. Before she sets off again in their direction, she finds the key within her pocket and holds it tightly. When she reaches the ground beneath the window to his old bedroom, she holds the key up and finds the lock in the darkness, replacing the key into her pocket once she's heard it click. She pushes the window open after she's calmed her nerves, and then pulls herself up, into the room, not looking up straight away when she lands silently on the floor. After a few minutes of preparing herself for what she will see, she looks up to see the room in complete darkness, apart from the little amount of silver moonlight that makes its way through the window. Therefore, she gets to her feet and walks to the far wall- careful not to disturb those that actually are asleep in the house- and shields her eyes from the bright light that she switches on. When she finally uncovers her eyes, her breath catches in her throat and she has to bite her lip to stop herself from crying. Unfortunately, his mother was right: they aren't going to clear out his room. It looks as if he is still living in the house. The room is ready for him to walk into, where he'd smile, and then laugh at the girl in his room, who would have blushed at being caught looking around. The dark blue bed sheets are still folded back onto the bed, somewhat crumpled from where he had been laying the last time he had slept there. When he had last been there, it would have been hot during the night, so he would have slept on top of the covers, why his form is still present on the sheets; there, too, because he had left the house in such a hurry that morning to wake the girl. The sky blue painted walls reflect his influence on everyone in his life, particularly the girl who had been his District partner in the latest Hunger Games. Photos were meant to be a rare privilege in District Eleven, but his parents were lucky to own an antique camera from their families long ago, from District Four. Every birthday, his friends and family had printed out pictures for him to stick on the walls. The main subject of his pictures with him was his best friend, who would appear laughing and smiling with him. She was the only one who did not give him a photo for his birthday, so the inside of his bedside cabinet is filled with things exclusively from her. In fact, as she stands in the room, she remembers his latest gift that she had been saving up for before, and bought early that day. She makes a mental note to bring the cushions to their house one day. Once she stands next to his bed, she glances in its direction, before switching the light back off and returning to sit down on the edge, which is when the tears begin to slide down her cheeks. She tucks her knees up to her chest and rests her chin on the top of them, staring at nothing in particular. Without even realising what she's doing, she reaches to the side and feels the form of her best friend that is still present there. On the morning of the Reaping, Orion woke up with the sun and smiled, thinking of what he had planned for the next few upcoming weeks. He quietly got out of bed and dressed into his smart clothes for the Reaping, although he didn't worry about making them too perfect, because he was sure that he'd spoil them, somewhat, when he would go out with his best friend. Once he finished getting ready, he jumped out of the window and locked it behind himself, smiling when he began to walk towards the girl's house. In comparison to his, her room was a little higher off the ground, so he had to climb up the side of the house to land on the balcony, leaning against the railings without making a noise to wake her. Instead, he tipped his head to the side and watched her sleep. It took less than a couple of minutes for Hope to wake up and see her best friend outside, smiling when she saw him. "You woke me up," was the first thing she said to her best friend after she opened the window to her room, allowing the boy to climb in. "I did not," Orion argued, folding his arms over his chest when he sat on the windowsill. "You simply woke up when I arrived." Hope laughed lightly, kissing his cheek. "Good morning, Orion. Was there any reason for disturbing me so early on such an important day?" she asked, turning away to sit on her bed, meeting her friend's eyes when she looked back. "I thought we had agreed to go out this morning," Orion began, a smile still on his lips. "Yes, but not necessarily so early," reasoned Hope, waving away his comment. "Some people need their beauty sleep." "What are you doing, then, still sleeping?" challenged Orion, causing his friend to blush bright red. However, Hope chose not to say anything, playing with the ribbon on her nightgown instead, before focussing her attention onto the lace around the sleeves. "I can go home if you want me to, though," Orion pointed out, getting to his feet and unlatching the window. Hope was by his side in a flash, taking his hands away from the window and holding them tightly in her own. "I never said you could actually go." "And since when have you been in charge of me?" replied Orion, laughing. "Well, it was never officially dated, but for a while, I think," Hope decided, spinning away from her best friend, although one of her hands was still linked to his. "But when have you ever complained?" "That's true." Orion sighed. "I've never been able to complain about you." "Exactly." Hope stayed still as Orion kissed the back of her hand, before bowing deeply. When he