Now Give Us A Kiss "Mr Odair. You survived with your ally; of course you won't both be guarded. You broke our rules. She may be safe right now, living under your roof with Annie Cresta as her name, but neither she, nor your blood relations can be safe forever. One day, you'll have to choose between your family or your love." Chapter One- One Victor "Stop, Finn." My voice is firm as I grab hold of the bloodied trident in his hand. Despite my voice, he stares forward with a haunted look in his sea green eyes, the shake in his hands passing to mine through the trident. As he goes to move again, still seemingly unaware of me, I slam the weapon down onto the floor so that it lands with a loud thump in the sand. "Stop it!" He finally looks up- not at me, though- as I ask, "What are you doing?" "I couldn't see them killing you," he replies angrily. "You wanted to kill me yourself?" I suggest, taking a step back. "No." He grabs his trident from the sandy floor and then stomps away. I sigh, running a hand through the bits of blonde hair that blow into my eyes. What made him do that? What brought about the sudden change in his heart that made him kill all his fellow Career allies but me? I always thought he wouldn't be able to anything like that but maybe the Games have now changed him. After a few minutes, I finally pluck up the courage to follow him and walk along the beach, copying his tracks in the sand. I soon find him at the edge of the island, his Arena boots thrown to the side so that he can finally stand in the water, resisting the temptation to just jump straight in and swim away. I know the Arena reminds him too much of home and it's been paining him to try to avoid it. However, now, it all seems to be hitting him even harder, and I'm scared he just going to disappear any second now. "Stop, Finn," I repeat from earlier, but softer this time, to stop him from swimming away instead of stopping him from supposedly killing me. "Move," Finnick instructs, lifting a hand to push me away, although all the determination he had has now disappeared. "I'm not going anywhere without you," I argue, taking his hand in mine. "And that includes home." He looks at me standing in front of him for a second, as if searching for a lie in my dark eyes, but he soon finds his quest obviously unsuccessful. He sighs and sits down at the water's edge, and I follow his movements straight away. "We can't go home together, Gina," he whispers, lying his head back onto the sand and shutting his eyes. I sigh as well when he drops my hand, leaving me free to brush a stray bronze wave off of his forehead. I refuse to believe what he's saying because there's no way on this earth that I'm going home without him, especially not now that- and as a potential Career before I was reaped, I hate to admit this- I've unfortunately fallen in love with him. I lie still as I examine him closely, my eyes wandering across his whole image. For his age and probably many ages older, he is extremely handsome, with an athletic build, accentuated by his muscular body, which probably came from the limited training he got in his District's newly built Career centre. Thanks to the years he spent on the beach, his skin is naturally tanned, only making his never-seen-in-such-amazingness-before incredible sea green eyes stand out more, although I can't see them when his eyelids are shut. My eyes then go to focus on his face, the one thing that I have learnt every detail of since my name was chosen for the Arena. At first, I was sent by my fellow Careers to see what the tributes from Four were like and if they were worth allying with; they sent me because they knew that the boy was like me: the same year in school and not a volunteer. It was the wrong choice to trust me with an unbiased opinion, though, because I saw him and immediately knew that my life was destined down if I was going to have to compete against him in a death game. It's only now, when we are sitting in silence on the Arena's beach that I finally can begin to relax, wondering if we could maybe have a chance together. Before, someone had always managed to interrupt us but it's now only the two of us. Maybe, we could somehow manage to twist the rules so that they could have two Victors once. The Capitol have needed the Games to be stirred up for a while now. When I come back to reality from my dream world of where we are both Victors, I only then realise that my hand had absentmindedly been tracing all the well-defined features of his face. However, my blushing of the fact only causes my ally to laugh, kissing the fingers that had stopped their journey across his face at his lips. "You're beautiful when you blush," he mutters, only meaning that he increases the blush to make him smile more. "You're beautiful, whatever you do," I answer without thinking, cringing slightly when I hear myself speak. It's the first time that I've ever said something like that out loud to him, although I have thought many similar things over and over before in my head. The truth is, I know that saying such things will buy me no favours, but, now I've said one of those things, I know that I had to say those things to him at least once, and the way that his soft lips curl into a smile after I spoke only makes me want to say more. "I'm sure I'm nothing compared to you," he disagrees, sitting up and moving closer to me. "You'll be beautiful into your old age, whilst I won't live until a time near that." I know what his words mean: that he doesn't plan to live until the end of the day. I know that he won't let me die, but I also know that he knows that I won't let him do that. It is a lose-lose situation for the both of us. However, I don't want to say anything that he will argue to, so I decide to stay quiet, lying on my side in the sand, my back to Finnick. "Gina," he whispers softly, shuffling along in the sand so that he's closer to me, his chest almost touching my back. "Gina, I don't want to hurt you, but that's why I can't come home with you. You know we can't both come home, despite how much we both want it." He drapes his arm over my side and reaches for my hand, which, when he finds it, I take a tight hold of his and plan never to let go. "If you don't come home with me, I won't really be going home either," I answer, so quiet that he has to lean his ear against my cheek so that he can hear me properly. "If you die here, Finn, I won't ever be able to live properly again." He groans. "But we can't both-" "I'm not listening to that anymore!" I shout, turning over to face him, my face mere centimetres from his. "I believe we can both go home." "And what would we do if we both went home?" he asks, sighing. I'm stumped for a second; I haven't thought about this before. Would we go back to our separate Districts with our families and just meet up occasionally, or would we live together in one of the Districts or even the Capitol? "I don't know," I finally say. "And now what?" he questions. "Do we just wait for one of us to die?" "Now?" I think, before blurting out my answer without thinking. "Now give us a kiss." As I hear my answer, I cover my mouth with my hand. What did I just say? "Really?" He sits up and looks at me, trying to work out if I actually mean it; I don't even know if I do. I sit up as well and then drop my hand to answer. "I'm sorry, Finn, I just-" My words are cut short as my heart stops when Finnick closes the gap between us, his lips connecting with mine. For a second- although I asked for it- I don't know what to do, until his hands slips over mine and I kiss him back, my other hand tangling in his hair. The kiss is nothing like I've experienced before, but it's something that I never want to miss again; I don't want this to ever stop. However, we have to break apart at the sound of metal hitting metal. I give him a soft smile, my eyes glancing down to his gentle lips, before jumping to my feet and walking over to Cornucopia. Without a second thought, I climb up onto the silver horn and to where the silver parachute is. I flip the lid up and remove a single red pill with the words "Play dead. ~ Luna" written on an attached note. Confused, I take the pill between two of my fingers, rolling it around. What does she mean? "Gina, what is it?" calls Finnick from the sand at the bottom of the Cornucopia. Then it hits me. It was well known that Luna would always favourite the tributes who had a love to go back to, or who was in love. She was in love before she went into the Arena, until she got home and found out that he had been killed because of something that she refused to do. She saw me with Finnick- I hope at least- and saw us in love, and then thought of what she missed out on, but what I could maybe manage to experience. She wants us both to live. I take a deep breath before taking the pill into my mouth, swallowing it. "It was a note from the sponsors, telling us to end it soon," I lie, walking over to the edge. I jump down next to Finnick and land gracefully but, as I go to stand up, a stabbing pain shoots up my leg and causes it to buckle beneath me. I shout a curse as Finnick runs over to me, catching me in his arms. "What's wrong?" he asks, brushing a stray strand of blonde hair out of my eyes. I shake my head, clutching at my side as the pain moves up, quickly through my body. "I don't know- it just hurts. I can't breathe-" "For the love of tridents, Georgie, don't die," he whispers, holding my face between his hands as he lays his forehead against mine, his warm tears falling onto my cheeks. I laugh weakly, a slight smile making its way onto my lips. "You know, Finn, after all that time when I tried to get you to say my name properly, I prefer the way you say 'Gina'." He laughs slightly as well, bringing a hand to my lips. "Sssh then. Don't use up your energy. You don't need to waste it on me." A sob catches in my throat as I shut my eyes, curling up in his arms. His thumb runs up and down my arm, the hot sunshine beating down on my back, but still making shivers run through me. "I love you, Finn," I say, my words breaking up as I try to speak them. "I love you too, Gina, but don't say things like that," he complains. "It makes you sound like you're going to die." "I am," I argue.