Prologue The golden rays of sun had only just begun to appear over the garden's tall fence, yet Katniss had already been up for hours. For over thirteen years, she had not been able to sleep peacefully, but it was always worse on her daughter's birthday. However, she used the excuse of wanting to prepare properly and just started decorating and baking cakes early. As always, on her daughter's birthday, she was more than simply nervous. Every year that drew on was a year more without her husband and her daughter's father, as well as a year closer to the date when her daughter would have to take the throne, due to her father's absence. Katniss dreaded the day when she would have to let her take the crown. Despite how her daughter constantly told her mother that she did not care about the responsibility that she had inherited, Katniss knew that was far from the truth. Like her, she longed for the outdoors and the freedom that the woods could provide someone, especially when coupled with the thrill of hunting. Her daughter was lucky to never have to be tied down to an indoor job, but Katniss always had. Too, Katniss may have loved her daughter, but she never fully appreciated having another job that meant she had to stay inside. When she married, she thought that her jobs would cease and she would be allowed to what wished, to provide for her husband. Instead, she had to keep some jobs, to make up for her husband not being there, and she had to stay at home to look after her daughter as well. The ring of the phone pulled her from her thoughts and she looked at the clock on the wall, as she dusted her hands on her apron. She was surprised to realise that it was ringing at a time, long before most sane people were awake; however, she did not question it as she walked out of the kitchen and into the hallway, where it stood on a small table, and picked up the receiver. "Hello?" she said quietly, not wanting to wake her daughter, even though the ringing probably had. "Katniss?" answered the voice on the other end. Katniss allowed a soft sigh to pass her lips as she recognised the voice of the King's butler, so turned to face the table, her shoulder leaning against the wall. "Haymitch, what is with the early morning call?" "You sound far from sleep and I know that you do not sleep on this day, anyway," the man reasoned. "Even so, I do not wish from Willow to be woken before she wants to," Katniss argued. "Wish the princess happy birthday, then, but you may send her back to sleep, if that is what you want," decided Haymitch. "But I had no choice but to ring you at this time. It is a matter of urgency." "What is?" Katniss could not help but let the panic slip into her voice as the hand that did not hold the phone dropped from her cheek and back to the table. "I cannot speak it over the phone, but it is only something you can sort out, sweetheart," Haymitch muttered. "Bring the princess if you want her to, but you do not have to. It could hurt people either way." "Do not dare say things like that," whispered Katniss. "Tell me what has happened." "I cannot say," repeated Haymitch. "But I swear that it is important." For a second time, Katniss sighed, but it was because she was giving up, rather than because she was relieved. "Will you come?" Haymitch asked. "I suppose I have little choice, do I not?" replied Katniss. "You need to know first," agreed Haymitch. "And Willow?" Katniss added. "It could do her well to find out, too, but she could be told at another time," Haymitch told the mother. "However, let us speak the truth. Would she let you go on your own if she knew that you had to come here?" "I guess not." Katniss paused for a second, before speaking again. "May I allow her to wake naturally, at least?" "See how long she sleeps for because I need you here as soon as possible," answered Haymitch. "Would the King not be a suitable reference?" Katniss suddenly thought aloud. "It is not power that is needed here, it is you. A tie to the past is necessary and there is no one better than you for that," Haymitch admitted. "Please come." "I will in less than an hour," promised Katniss, almost reluctantly. "Thank you," said Haymitch, the relief obvious in his words. "Thank you so much. I will see you then." Katniss put the phone down, instead of saying another word, and then rubbed her forehead with the palm of her hand. She had not a clue about what the old butler needed her help so desperately and so early for, yet she felt as if she could not say no. Haymitch had played a big part in her life and her daughter's for years, so she did not feel she could deny him one small favour. Sighing for a third time, she stepped away from the wall and turned around, about to head to the kitchen. Even if she was due to be at the Palace in less than an hour, she still had time to finish her daughter's cake, before she would wake her. Then, they would both dress appropriately and head down as early as possible, so that they could spend the rest of the day together. However, as soon as Katniss was facing the stairs, she saw her daughter sitting there, her long nightgown drawn up to her knees and her head tipped slightly to the side, as she watched her mother. In the dim light, Katniss could see little of the young girl, but she knew that she had been woken by the phone call and had been watching her since, but she had not made her presence known because, similarly to her mother, she had a hunter's step. There were many similarities between the two females, though. As well as their love for freedom and the outside world, where they could hunt, they also looked remarkably alike. The younger girl had inherited her mother's hair, her skin, her face shape, her temper, and the overall way she carried herself. What she had inherited from her father were his bright blue eyes and his soft smile. Trying to smile, Katniss crouched down and opened her arms of, for her daughter to walk forward and into. When their arms were wrapped around each other, Katniss whispered into the younger girl's ear, "Happy birthday, princess. I am sorry you were disturbed before you wished to be woken." Her daughter shrugged and rested her chin on her mother's shoulder. "What troubles you so?" Katniss was always angry with herself for being so distant with her daughter on her birthday, no matter what she tried. Every year, she just thought of how her husband never got to see their daughter, and how she could never fill that gap for her. This year, especially, her thoughts were elsewhere, at the Palace, where Haymitch was urgently awaiting their arrival. Despite her faraway thoughts, Katniss replied, "Nothing worth you distracting you from yourself today. It is your day and nothing else matters." "Why must we be the ones for consult today, then?" asked her daughter. "You understood that?" questioned Katniss. "More often than not, people consult us, rather than the King. What right did I have to assume that today would be different?" the young girl admitted. "Willow, you do not have to come if you would rather you stayed at home," promised Katniss. "I do not plan to be away for long, so you could either return to your room, to sleep for longer, or you could continue to bake cakes whilst I am out, if you would prefer." "If you believe that I would allow you to go to the Palace on your own, you have obviously been misled," said Willow, a smile playing across her lips as she leant away, to look at her mother. "I thought that something along those lines would be your answer," Katniss agreed. "Therefore, shall we just finish off the cakes I started, before we leave?" "We will be in a terrible state if we do," Willow argued. "Why not wait until we have returned to finish them?" "You are thirteen now. I would like to imagine that you know how to wash yourself," teased Katniss. "I was simply suggesting that it could be better to just get the visit out of the way," disagreed Willow. "Unless you are trying to avoid spending time with me. Please do not tell me that, now you are thirteen, you do not wish to spend time with me!" Katniss complained, with a fake, overdramatic flourish. "You know that I would never dream of such a thing," Willow moaned, grabbing her mother's hand and dragging them both to their feet. "I love you more than words can say, so do not panic, you silly old flour-covered lady." With a chuckle, Katniss followed her daughter into the kitchen, watching her grab her apron off a hook on the wall, whilst she picked something from behind her. As soon as Willow turned back around, she was met with a handful of flour, thrown by her mother, who only added, "Who is the one covered in flour, now?" Willow gasped, and then initiated a flour fight with her mother, which mainly resulted in a messy kitchen and flour angels on the floor, but they eventually finished baking the cakes, too. They left them to cool by the window and Katniss promised to tidy it later, when they got back from the Palace, as they both agreed that they should probably start getting ready to leave. Then, they both retreated back upstairs, to their separate rooms, to shower and get dressed. Katniss, after showering, left her hair to drip down her back, as she looked through her wardrobe to find a suitable dress. She did not want to be wearing an elaborate dress for her daughter's birthday, as neither of them ever did, but she also knew that she would have to dress up to go the Palace. When she had dressed, she braided her hair quickly, before leaving her room behind her. However, as soon as she stepped into the hallway, she could not suppress her laughter as she saw her daughter sneaking out of her room, dressed in her old hunting clothes. Immediately, Willow straightened up and turned to look at her mother, but she said nothing. "You are mad, are you not?" Katniss said as she walked towards her daughter, still laughing. "You may be the heir to the throne and you may be allowed to get away with some things, but they hate seeing you in clothes like that. They expect you to be dressed like a lady." "They expect me to hunt dressed in a corset and a petticoat?" Willow repeated. "No. Remember, they do not wish for you to hunt, as it is a violent and unsuitable sport for ladies of your type, but they tolerate it," argued Katniss. "However, to see you in trousers and a shirt like that is far too revealing for them to even imagine." Willow blushed heavily and wrapped her arms around herself. "You have never complained before." "I care not what you wear because I was exactly the same as you when I was your age. You have your own voice and your own rights, do you not? Anyway, you normally go straight to and from the woods, through our garden. This time, on the other hand, people will see you, and people with status most of all," Katniss reasoned. "People see me normally," muttered Willow. "Yes, but those people are only me