Summary: When a person decides to take their own life, aka suicide, they certainly don't expect to be born again… much less into a different universe where war was visible on the horizon. A suicidal person does not want to live, so who the hell thought it would be a brilliant idea to have her reborn. Besides who the hell would ever want to experience puberty twice, only now Nicolasa gets to be a hormone driven teenager with a wand and fucked up visions of her classmates intimate deaths. Chapter 1: Prolog- Goodbye Rosie, Hello Niki "Sup." = English 'Hi…' = Thought "Hey." = Spanish "What's up!?" = Japanese (Trigger Warning!) Drip. Drop. Red droplets panged hollowly onto the ground as a puddle of her life source formed disturbingly beneath her. Plip. Plop. Darkness began to cloud her vision. Enthralled, a smile tugged at the corners of her lips. A ragged sigh escaped her lips before hysterical giggles filled her small dreary bedroom. Her cot was an old bare lumpy mattress on the floor that, despite its hideous apparel and smell, was often far more comfortable to sleep on instead of the ground. The old flower wall paper was stained yellow from age and was peeling in certain areas, the smell of mold and marijuana was predominant in the air, mixing with the metallic smell of fresh blood. The hard wood floor was dull in color and had various suspicious stains permanently scarring its surface. Pling. Shuwak. The stained razor tore through her small wrist once more, scars, young and old, licked her skin precariously, they crisscrossed in a tantalizing fashion all over her skin. They were hideous. They were beautiful, liberating. She was freeing herself from reality. Gravity seemed to hit her at full force as her hands fell listlessly beside her, the razor clanging loudly onto the floor beside her, thin bony fingers rubbed fascinatingly against the blood staining the hardwood floor. Using the blood as ink she slowly traced her name with her fingers, 'ROSIE.' "Hehe, beautiful…." Rosie sighed tiredly as her vision continued to fog over slightly before it cleared once more. Thin, frail bare legs were stretched out in front of her littered in multicolored bruises varying different sizes. Her thin, hole-filled gray t-shirt was baggy enough to cover her otherwise naked state as it pooled around mid-thigh. Rosie looked over to where the razor had fallen onto the ground; a ratty tan plush dog, that had definitely seen better days, lied almost sadly by it. It's one coal black eye stared at her almost imploringly as she weakly reached out to it and lifted it up to her face, not caring anymore if blood stained her most prized possession in this world. Despite the underlying scent of mold, the stuffed animal still seemed to faintly smell of the rose perfume her beloved grandmother used to wear before she passed away. It's shaggy 'fur' was soft as she rubbed it on her cheek, comforted immensely by the stuffed dogs presence she gently placed it onto her lap as she rubbed a frayed ear lovingly. "Woof, woof." She weakly mimicked the sound of a dog, "Hmmm, Boo. I'm gonna miss chu…" she slurred, "You were always su-such a loyal puppy. You'll stay with me until I fall as-asleep right?" she asked the golden retriever stuffed animal that had been by her side since she was a babe. "Hehe, I know chu will… y-you've neber let me down 'fore." Looking away from her first-and only-friend she peered outside the dirty broken window from where she was sitting on the floor. She could hear a pair of birds chirping in the crisp early evening air as the sun began set over the horizon; its warm rays of light landed on her small broken form gently caressing her as if to say goodbye to a little girl who's only wish in life had been to free. Rosie's breathing was slowing down and her vision continued to darken, her grip tightened feebly on Boo as she hugged the plush closer to her body without looking down at it, "B-Boo… I tink its 'ime… lub chu. 'ight, Boo…" she whispered as the last of the sun's golden rays disappeared, stealing the light from her eyes as it disappeared, a gentle smile caressed her face as she stared unseeingly out the window. Despite her suffering finally ending, Rosaline Louisa Thomas was found dead one week later (when her school called the cops in concern for her disappearance) smiling serenely in a pile of dried blood as her blank, glassed over eyes stared outside of her window as she clutched onto the ratty stuffed dog. She was buried two days later with Boo in her arms. Her 'parents' didn't find out of her about her death until an entire month after her burial when they stumbled into their 'home.' It was an ugly awakening for the deadbeat, druggie couple. It was warm. It was dark. It felt safe, as if she was encased in love. And wasn't that just a foreign concept for her. She was constantly floating freely, that's what it felt like. There was a steady 'Bu-bump, Bu-bump, Bu-bump, Bu-bump…' that constantly seemed to put her at ease. But overtime, her safe haven seemed to get smaller and smaller, until she could barely move a muscle. She hated that she couldn't float anymore, but the sound of the constant 'Bu-bump, Bu-bump' often put her to sleep so she didn't mind so much. Something was wrong. Her safe haven was twitching, squeezing. She could feel herself move downwards, as if being pulled or- in this case-pushed out by an invisible force. Pain. The pressure on her head was killing her. Her body ( 'Wait body? B-but I died right?' ) felt contorted as she was pressed into painful positions. Something grabbed her head and suddenly… She was out! "¡Está perdiendo mucha sangre!" A panicked voice screamed. Cold. Freezing. Loud! The sensations felt so foreign after being under total sensory deprivation, but for now she was more concerned over the fact that she felt like she couldn't breathe and the fact that something or someone seemed to be holding her effortlessly. The change from warm to cold was so drastic that she felt as if she'd been paralyzed. "¡Doctor! ¿Qué está pasando? ¡Que le va a pasar a mi esposa!" a man asked desperately in the background, "¿La bebe… como esta mi bebe?" Suddenly the giant that had pulled her out of the warm and safe place smacked her ass. "La vámos a perder!" the same worried voice shouted as people began shuffling around in panic at the voice's shout. A terrified scream broke out of her mouth. 'Who hit her! What was going on! She died. She knew she died…. This entire situation felt almost as if… No! That was impossible! She couldn't have been born again… she was not a baby nope!' Her terrified wailing reached a higher pitch as she screamed in denial and fear. She had killed herself for a reason! At least she was breathing now. "¡Señor Santos! Tu esposa está perdiendo mucha sangre… no creo que vamos a poder salvarla." "¡No! Porfabor no! ¡Tiene que haber algo que podemos hacer! ¡Te lo ruego!" a different, and somehow familiar, panicked and pain filled voice shouted horrified, making her cry harder in fear. 'What in the world was going on! What language are they even speaking right now! They sure as hell ain't speaking English!' she thought as she panicked. She tried to open her eyes to find out what was going on, but the world was a bright painful blur, squeezing her eyes in pain she continued to cry in confusion and anger as the giant-she was not ready to accept that she was a baby just yet-finally wrapped her up in something warm. "Ricardo. Sabiamos los riesgos. Porfabor, Ricardo, déjame ver mi bebe mientras tengo la fuerza." A tired and weak voice spoke softly. "Ángela…" the male's voice broke painfully, "No sé si lo puedo hacer sin ti." "Mi bebe…" the woman's voice pleaded. "Felicitaciones Señora Santos, es una niña. Se ve muy sana también." The giant's voice carried over sadly to the whispering couple and she was placed on top of someone's chest, her ear was placed right over the bosom of a woman-because guys don't have boobs, so it had to be a woman-she could hear the steady 'Bu-bump, Bu-bump' that she had grown to love when she was still in her safe haven. 'Oh, god. It was a heartbeat. This-this was her mother, wasn't she? NO! No I'm not a baby, I'm not!' "Mi amor, se ve preciosa." The woman, her mother, said in awe, "Tiene tus rulos y tus orejas, incluso tiene las marcas de belleza como tú tienes." A beautiful laugh escaped her lips as she gently caressed the top of her head. 'Bu-bump, Bu-bump… Bu-bump, Bu-bump…. Bu-bu-bump, Bu-bump….' The man chuckled painfully, "Si, y tiene tu nariz y boca… la forma de tus ojos también." "Jeje, mi preciosa bebe…. La vas a cuidar con tu vida verdad, Ricardo. Ella y Luka son mis tesoros. Las pruebas de nuestro amor." Her mother pleaded the man she assumed was her father from the way they seemed to treat each other. 'Bu-bump… Bu-bump…..Bu-bu-bump, Bu-bump…..Bu-bump…..Bu-bump…..' "Ángela, te lo prometo. Te lo prometo amor." Her father said in pain. "¡Gracias! Gracias Ricardo, por convertirme en una mama… la única cosa es que lamento no ser parte de su vida, pero yo siento que puedo morir en paz porque tú vas a estar aquí para ella." She could feel her face getting wet from her mother's tears as she spoke to the man…. Something was terribly wrong; she could feel it in the pit of her stomach. 'Bu-b-bu-bump… B-b-bu-bump….. Bu-bump….' "Ricicardo… Su nombre es... Nicolasa, Nicolasa Candelaria Santos…." Her mother breathed out lovingly, "Mi preciosa Niki….. te amo…. Dale un abrazo y un bezo a mi Luka… dile que mama le ama con toda de su corazón." She whispered in her ear before pressing a trembling kiss to her temple. 'Bu-b-b-bu-bu-bump….. Bu-b-bu-bump…Bu-bump…..Bu-bu-b-bump….' "Ángela, gracias por entregarme este regalo precioso… gracias por casarse conmigo, por ser mi amante esposa y por darme una hermosa hija para amar…. Gracias por amarme. Ángela, te amo." Her father choked out as he shifted above her, she was positive that her new parents were kissing 'Bu-b-bu-b-bu-bump… Bu-bump….. Bu-b-bump….' "Yo también… te amo Ricardo….." she breathed out tiredly as all the air seemed to leave from her chest, to-the newly named, not that she knew that just yet-Nicolasa's rising horror her mother's chest wasn't rising anymore. 'B-b-bump…. Bu-bump… Bu-bum….' Silence. Nicolasa screamed in horror, and a bit in grief, as her new mother passed away. Her sobbing father cradled her under his chin as he rocked her in his arms in comfort. 'What a horrible way to come into the world.' Nicolasa thought privately to herself when she fell asleep that night after being bottle fed by her grief stricken father as he brokenly hummed a lullaby to her. It was peaceful, she could feel nothing. All the pain from the beating her dad and mom had given her when they were drunk had disappeared. She looked down at her lifeless body unflinchingly; she appeared to be some sort of ghost as she seemed to be floating gently in the air above her broken body. Ah, so this was death. 'What a rip off.' Rosie thought, what was the point in killing herself if she was just going to be an eternal specter haunting the earth? 'Then again, the bible says that people who suicide go to hell… I guess this is better than that.' She huffed. "Rosie." A voice said lovingly behind her, causing her eyes to widen in shock as joyful tears threatened to spill over her eyes. Slowly Rosie turned around in disbelief, "Nana?" she asked hesitantly, looking at the