A/N: Hi. This is the first oneshot I've ever written. It's based on my life…well, kind of. Haha. Anyways, hope you like it and please, read and REVIEW! Disclaimer: All characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. Unfortunately. Freshman Year I take a deep breath and push the doors of Forks High School open. This is it. Today is the day I have been dreading all summer. First day of high school, that too, in a new town. At least I am not going to be the only new one here. Hopefully, all the other freshmen are just as nervous as I am. I know it's not going to be easy. While I am looking forward to taking challenging classes and having new teachers, I am not looking forward to dealing with all the drama that comes with high school. But it's just a matter of four years and then I'm out of this town, free to chase my dreams. I sigh and make my way down the corridor. All around me people are hugging, screaming and talking at the top of their voices. It's not even been five minutes since I got here and I already want to go home. Ugh, just suck it up Bella. You're tough. You can get through this. I keep my head up high and continue down the seemingly endless corridor. And that's when I see him. He is tall and lanky, his hair, which is a very unusual shade of bronze is sticking out in every way as if he just rolled out of bed and came to school. But it is his face that makes me stop dead in my tracks. Full lips held up in a crooked smile, a long, straight nose and eyes… his eyes . His eyes are such a beautiful shade of green, green like a sea after a rough storm, green like emeralds. His eyes have so much depth, I feel like I can get lost in them forever. He is the most beautiful boy I have ever seen and I can't take my eyes off of him. I don't know for how long I'm standing there, just looking at him like a lovesick loon but I'm soon startled out of my reverie when a tall boy with developing muscles walks up to him and throws his arm around him. "Eddie boy! Sup man?" he booms. Eddie? I'm disappointed. He is too beautiful to have such a common name like Eddie. He laughs and shoves him away. "How many times have I told you to not call me that, Emmett? It's Edward." Yeah. That suits him much better. Edward , I think to myself and start walking again with a smile on my face and a spring in my step. Freshman year is going to be better than I thought. Sophomore Year Edward Cullen is the devil himself. Ever since that first day of school, it has been impossible for me to get him out of my mind. His messy bronze hair, the sound of his laugh, the way his jeans hang perfectly on his slim waist and, his eyes . Every time I see those green eyes, their beauty leaves me breathless. I feel disoriented and forget about everything except him. It's like no one else exists except me and him. But to my extreme disappointment, it's now halfway through my sophomore year, and I have still not said a single word to him. It's pathetic really. I mean, how difficult is it to go up to a gorgeous guy and just start a conversation? Yeah, right. Like that's ever gonna happen. To add to my problems, I don't think he even knows I exist. The bell rings and pulls me out of my thoughts. I sigh and slowly start packing my things away when I hear him say something to Lauren about some party tonight. See Bella? That's his type. Skinny, popular blondes. Not mousey brunettes like you. Why do you even get your hopes up only to have them shot down day after day? I have been having this same conversation with myself for the past year and a half and still everyday, I think someday Edward will miraculously come up to me and profess his undying love for me. I smile ruefully and make my way down the almost empty corridor. "Bella, Sam switched out of this class since he had a scheduling conflict. So from today, Edward will be your new lab partner." I sit in stunned silence after Mr. Banner is done making this announcement. I guess God finally heard and answered my prayers. I am bursting with happiness on the inside. I can't believe this is happening! But I am soon brought down from my high when I realize what this new situation means. Edward being my new lab partner means that I am going to have to sit next to him and work with him in close proximity every single day without hyperventilating or doing something stupid. Which is very unlikely. I groan when I realize that the chances of me making a fool out of myself in front of him are very high. I get up and make my way towards his table. My face is on fire and of course, I trip over the leg of his chair. Classy Bella. Real classy. It's not been even two minutes and you humiliate yourself. This is gonna be a long semester. Once I settle down, Mr. Banner begins the lesson and I try to calm down. Okay Bella. Chill. It's just a guy. A very attractive guy who smells amazing but, a guy nonetheless. You've got this! Just talk to him normally. And please, PLEASE don't say anything stupid! I'm done with my internal pep talk just as Mr. Banner finishes explaining the lab for the day. I take a deep breath and turn around and face him. I am expecting myself to react the way I usually do every time I look into his eyes but for once, instead of losing my breath and feeling completely awed by his beauty, I just feel calm and safe. Every worry and care in the world just seems to melt away. It's just his eyes staring into mine and that's the only thing that matters. I stare into his eyes for what seems like days and then my eyes break contact and roam hungrily over his perfect face. Over his sharp cheekbones, his long nose, his full lips that are just begging to be kissed, and his strong jawline that is so sharp it could cut glass. Suddenly I'm not so nervous about this new arrangement anymore and I give him a small smile. "Hi, I'm Bella." I say. "I know." He knows?! Cue internal happy dance. "I'm Edward," he says with a crooked grin, which this time makes my heart stop. I smile and shake my head and we get to work. Some things will never change. Like being completely dazzled by none other than Edward Cullen. Junior Year Wow. Life sure has changed a lot from last year. Last year, Edward Cullen didn't even know my name. But this year, I am his friend. That's right, his friend, not some random girl who sits next to him during bio. These past few months being his friend have been amazing. But still, it is pretty disappointing that we are just friends, nothing more. But then, what am I expecting? He is way out of my league. "Hey, Bella." I look up and see Edward slide into his seat. I smile and say, "Hey. What's up?" "So. Emmett's having a party tonight. You wanna go?" Wait. What?! I can't believe this is happening! Edward Cullen is inviting me to a party! This is the first party I have been invited to ever since coming to Forks. I know, sad right? And the fact that Edward invited me makes it all the more special. "Sure!" I say, as causally as I can. In reality, I want to jump up on the table and do my happy dance but I have to control myself. Can't have him running off right after inviting me to a party. Still, I should not get my hopes up. We are still going as 'just friends'. I sigh in disappointment and the excitement starts to wear off. The day of the party finally comes around and before I know it, I'm finally at the party. I'm expecting loud music, alcohol and drunk people but I am not prepared for the ear-splitting, thumping bass that's making my ears ring or drunk couples almost tearing each other's clothes off in dark corners or on the dance floor. Edward is nowhere to be seen and I feel uncomfortable in the short, black dress I'm wearing- the only dress I own. I want to go home and am just about to; when Mike sidles up to me and starts talking my ear off. Oh God, please help me. I sigh in relief when I finally spot Edward by the bar. He's looking at me with his signature crooked smile, which immediately makes my stomach flip. The effect that boy has on me is ridiculous. I give him a wide grin in return and walk towards him, leaving Mike alone, talking to himself. "Hey." I say, once I reach him. His eyes slowly roam over my body and it makes my knees go weak. I'm suddenly nervous. At home, I thought I looked pretty good but what if he thinks I look stupid? He has never looked at me this way before. When his gaze finally returns to my face, he says, "Hi. You look nice." Nice?! That's it? I'm disappointed. I don't know what I was expecting; I mean I should be happy just at the fact that he complimented me. But after the way he had looked at me before, I was kind of expecting for something more than just 'nice'. The action had seemed really intimate but I guess I was just reading too much into it. I shrug it off and casually say, "Thanks. You don't look too bad yourself." That's an understatement; he looks great. But then, when does he not? We talk about school and the upcoming bio test. After some time, he goes off to look for Emmett and Jasper and I go upstairs to look for the bathroom. Behind closed doors, I can hear drunk couples doing God knows what. Finally I find the bathroom and once inside, I look at my reflection. I've put on some makeup for once and it makes me look prettier and much more mature than usual. My eyes are bright and are framed by thick lashes, my lips look fuller, and there's a faint flush on my cheeks. I smile; satisfied with the way I look and walk out. It's a fatal mistake. What I see immediately wipes the smile off my face. Edward has Tanya pinned against the wall and is passionately kissing her like there is no tomorrow. I swear I could hear my heart breaking into two. I feel like I've been punched in the gut and I want to throw up. Do you see now? You got your hopes up earlier, after the way he looked at you. You thought it meant something. But it obviously didn't. And now look how much it hurts to see him kissing someone else. Just forget about him. Accept the fact that he is never going see you that way. It will save you from a lot of pain. I'm desperately trying to hold the tears in. I quickly brush past them and I don't think either of them noticed since they were so caught up with each other. But for some reason, I look back at them just before I turn the corner. And to my shock, Edward's eyes lock with mine. The pain I'm feeling is unbearable and I'm