Disclaimer! I don't own harry potter or any of the charictors! k, Thanks for reading this! you are very smart and wounderful, of course your going to like this! may have review problem or you may not have read it A WEASLEY SECRET Fred and George are starting their second year at Hogwarts in two days, Ginny thought bitterly. It was not fair that they made you wait until you were eleven. She was ready now! She told as much to Charlie, one of her other older brothers, and he just smiled, ruffling her hair. A second later his hand stopped and he arched an eyebrow at her. "How old are you, Ginny?" "Eight and a quarter". She replied, instantly regretting that last bit. "Really"? He asked, looking over her head and scratching his chin thoughtfully. "What?" She asked, defensively at first, then intrigued. "What?!?" She repeated, poking him to get his attention. "Wait here." He whispered, looking around as if someone might be listening in. "I may have just what you are looking for." Without another word to her he ran off calling for their other brother, Bill." Ginny shifted from foot to foot for what seemed like hours until Charlie returned, bill in tow. Bill held out a bundle wrapped in a pillow case. "You can't tell mom that we gave you this." Bill told her and pulled it away from her reaching hands. "Promise." Charlie said, crossing his arms. "I promise." Ginny told him, unable to tear her eyes from the tantalizing bundle. Once again Ginny found that a person would promise almost anything when a good surprise waited on their yes or no. Bill gave her a smile and handed it over. Ginny opened the sack like a Christmas present, nearly ripping the pillow case in her hurry. Inside was an old, leather bound book with several pages sticking out. She frowned down at it, not sure what she had expected. "A manky old book?" She turned the book in her hands, disappointed. "Manky? Ginny this is a spell book!" Bill tugged it out of her hands as he said it, showing a picture on the inside. "Real spells?" Ginny's hands tried to reclaim the now magnificent, if still manky, old book. Charlie rolled his eyes and retrieved the pillow case where she had discarded it. "Of course their real!" He told her, pulling a brittle looking stick from the sack. "And this is what your wand will look like." "Well, once you make one anyway." Bill added. Ginny took the "wand" and looked at them frowning, causing Charlie to sigh and shake his head at the clear doubt on her face. "No faith in us at all?" "Come with us." Bill intervened. He handed her back the spell book and looking towards the house. The two brothers made quite a show of making sure that they were not spotted as they led her to the little pond behind the house. Ginny had to run fast to keep up with her tall brothers and was breathless with anticipation as they entered the tall grass. Charlie took a last look over the grass and then hunkered down to address her on her level. "Ok, look at the wand and tell me what you see." Ginny turned the stick in her hands slowly, inspecting each side carefully. "It's some kind of reed." She told them with impatience plain in her voice. Just give me a new one and let me have a go! She thought, trying hard not to tell them to hurry it up. Charlie took the twig and showed her the bottom. "Yup, and it's been hollowed out." Ginny looked at the bottom so closely that she almost poked her self in the eye. "There's something sticking out of it." "That a girl!" Bill said, patting her arm. "All real wands have a core." Charlie pulled out the pebble that was plugging the wand and dragged out a long blade of dead grass, coated in some kind of jelly. "Normally it's a unicorn hair, phoenix feather, or a dragon's heart string." Ginny had heard little about wands, other than that they were costly and cool. She nodded anyway and resisted screaming what she was thinking. Shut up and give me a wand already! "That is because spells need a strong magical core to perform them." Bill continued, fully away of his sister's impatience. "Wait, can't I get into a lot of trouble for using spells? I'm only eight." "Are you sure you don't favor Percy, just a bit?" Bill asked, one eyebrow raised. "It's not that." She said, waving a hand. "It's just that I don't want to end up in, you know, Azkaban ." The two brothers smiled at each other. "We wouldn't do that to a sibling!" Charlie said. "Well maybe Percy." Bill admitted. "Anyway, we made sure that these spells were tiny and undetectable, so no worries." Charlie continued. "Most wands have a strong core, yours will have glow grass. If the ministry picks up anything it will appear as an under age wizard's unavoidable acts of release." Ginny peeked over to the garden where the glow grass grew. It had seemed so useless tell now. "The core of a regular wand helps to focus and resist the magic you release thru it so you won't over do a spell, making it go wrong. Its resistance would prevent some one as young as you from doing more than spark firing." Bill pulled her head down as he explained this, telling her to stay out of sight. Charlie went on as if she had not tried to stand up. "As for your wand, that's over there." He gestured to the reeds, a few feet from them. "Compare the reed before breaking it off, then take a stick and poke it into the reed tell its hollow." Charlie produced a twig for just such a use. "Then all you have to do is get the conductive potion and choose a bit of grass big enough to fill the reed." Bill produced a tiny pot made out of a soup can and an old pill divider full of ingredients. "Don't stir the potion with your wand." Charlie grinned behind his hand as Bill brought out a tiny set of metal measuring spoons. "For water." He poked a thumb over his shoulder at the pond. "Once made, the potion will be sucked into the wand automatically after you put the open tip into the solution. Plug wand with appropriate sized pebble." Bill stood up then, making sure he wasn't being watched by any parents. "I'm going back to the house before mum gets suspicious. Tell her the rules and get back in side." Once he was gone, Charlie informed her of the few rules for her new found freedom. "Practice only when you're sure you are alone. The best time is when mom is working and dad is at work." Now he looked at her directly, holding her gaze. "First, don't use this by the road. Don't go too far from the house and avoid the garden gnomes." Her eyes were wandering to the reeds now. She was quite desperate to get started and this git was talking rules! Charlie lifted her chin and brought her back to attention. "Most important of all, never go into the west woods." That rule got her to listen. "Why? What's wrong with the west woods?" He looked to the west woods then and rubbed his arms, as if he'd just gotten a chill. "When I was your age, I wandered into those woods. It was a moonless night so I had no defense." He gave a shake and grabbed her arm. "There is a wraith in those woods and you would be no match for it even with your wand, so stay away from there." Ginny had forgotten about the reeds now. This warranted all her attention. "What's a wraith? What happened? How did you get away? Why does the moon make a difference?" She fired these questions at him so fast that he didn't get a chance to answer one before the next was tumbling out of her mouth. He held a hand up to stem her questions. "It is a bit like a ghost and I barely got back to the house before it attacked me. Before you ask, mum and dad have spells protecting us here in the house and yard which is why you shouldn't stray too far. It never comes out when there is any kind of moonlight out so you should be safe those nights." He poked her with a finger. "Stay close to the house! If you just listen to that you will be fine." She couldn't let him change the subject before she knew one more thing. "Do they, uh, eat people?" "Nah. Mostly they scream until their prey goes mad. So what are you going to do?" "Stay away from the woods, stay close to the house, and avoid the road." She told him. Her attention was again wavering between fear of his possibly fake story and the reeds. "And?" He asked her. She snapped back to him and tried to remember exactly what he had said. "Oh yeah, avoid the gnomes. I got it." He patted her shoulder and stood up to leave. "Oh, I almost forgot, you may need to change out the grass and potion. It sometimes gets weak and the wand starts to falter." "Ok!" She shot over her shoulder as she sprinted towards the reeds, fear and brothers already forgotten in the thrill of her first wand. Reed in hand, Ginny ran towards the glow grass, unaware that Mrs. Weasly was heading towards the garden as well. "Coming to help in the garden dear?" Misses Weasily asked her as she slid to a stop. Ginny's mother looked down at the book in her hand and then back to her face. "I…Uh," Ginny stammered, heart racing. Her mother only smiled and knelt down to begin weeding. "Writing in your diary, are you?" She smiled at her daughter's expression. "I had one at your age. Don't worry, I won't read it. Ginny nearly collapsed with relief. "Thanks mum." She promised herself to be more careful in the future and helped her mother for as long as she could stand as punishment for nearly blowing the whole thing. That lasted thirteen minutes before she slipped a blade of grass up her sleeve and made an excuse to get away. "Get your fun in while you can, Ginny, home schooling will start day after tomorrow." Ginny waved over her shoulder and tried not to run around the house. If anyone else tried to delay her she would kick there shins tell they went away! Five minutes later she was putting a pebble into the bottom of her first wand. She had almost stirred her potion with her wand like Bill had. I don't even want to know what that does. With vibrating hands, she opened her book to look for a spell. The first pages were for how to make a wand and the same warning that her brothers had already told her about. She flipped those so hard that they ripped a bit. The third page held an index and a scale for difficulty. One star for easy and so on. Better try a single star first. The next page had an easy spell that didn't seam to be noisy or flash so she gave it a try. She waved her wand and softly said: Pollen Arom. When nothing happened she sniffed the air around her new wand. Either "Pollen scent" was a dud or she did it wrong. After rereading the spell she saw that she had forgotten the swirl at the end of the hand movements. Ok, armature mistake, I can do this! Ginny pinched her eyes shut and tried again, swirling at the end this time.