Chapter One New Years Eve, December 31, 1917 A butler took my coat and directed me towards the ball room. I followed my parents through the long entry hall, taking in the opulent furnishings. I tried not to stare but it was difficult at first. We, soon, entered the large, brightly decorated room. My family were comfortable, at least, I thought we were. We never struggled to pay bills and were able to purchase anything we wanted. This - mansion - was beautiful and breathtaking in every way. The Greys were much more than comfortable. Much, much more than comfortable. The hall opened into a true ballroom. The large wall in front of us was made of glass. The panes were set in ornate frames. A set of double doors were in the center of the wall. To the left of the doors sat a string quartet and a grand piano. Balloons and streamers decorated the room with a large banner welcoming 1918. The music was light, drawing a few couples to dance in the center of the room. I recognized the piece the string quartet was playing - Mozart. When we entered the room my parents went in opposite directions, my mother to the left, my father to the right. Each stood with friends, talking happily. Looking around the room I noticed I was one of the few young people. That depressed me a little bit. "Edward!" a deep voice called. I turned slowly, not thinking the person was calling me, many people had my same name. It was a very popular name. I saw a large, rotund man staring directly at me. My father stood to the man's left. The voice had not belonged to my father. "Yes?" I said, hesitantly. "Son," my father said. "Come meet our host." "Of course, Father." I joined the small group of men. We were all similarly dressed: black suit, rigid collar, black bow tie. Father introduced me to Mr. Grey, our host and client of my father's law firm. The firm had recently won a large case. This party was to celebrate that win and to ring in the new year. "Edward," said the large man to me, "it's wonderful to meet you. Your father spoke of you often. A real pleasure, my boy," he finished, patting my back. "It's a pleasure to meet you, sir," I replied. "It's uncanny how much you resemble your mother, though I see much of your father in you, as well." "Thank you, sir." "What are your plans for the future, my boy?" My Grey asked as he passed me a drink. "Please, sir, I shouldn't -" I began to protest. "Edward," Father said, "tonight is special. It's all right. Just don't overindulge." "Yes, Father. Thank you." I took a small sip. The amber liquid burned my throat. It seemed to make me more thirsty rather than quench my thirst. "My plans, sir? Mother is distressed because I want to join the army when I'm of age. It would be a great honor to serve my country. Father has been pushing for me to attend his alma mater. I'm sure Mother would be pleased if I went with that course. I'll have time for that after the war." I didn't miss the look that passed between my father and Mr. Grey. It was very telling. Of course, I had seen the news articles in the paper about the war in Europe. Casualties were high and devastating. Horror stories were coming out of several war zones in France. I didn't believe I would go there and end the war. That wasn't possible. I just wanted to do all I could. Bringing the drink to my lips I took another small sip. The liquor burned again but I felt a warmth grow from the trail the liquor took down the throat. It was a soothing feeling. My father, Mr. Grey and the other men had moved from me, talking amongst themselves I noticed the pianist was playing a newer piece by a French composer. A favorite of mine, actually. Claude Debussy. The song wasn't my favorite written by him, Clair de Lune, but it was as beautiful. My mother had started to teach me to play on our little upright piano when I was very young. She always felt I had a natural affinity for the instrument. At first, I complained about practice but came to enjoy playing. I felt a hand move into the crook of my elbow and a soft voice say, "I would love to hear you play such a beautiful instrument. "Yes, it would be nice," I had to admit. "Have you made your circuit of the room?" She looked up at me and smiled, her green eyes - so like mine - shining. "Not yet, you scamp. Mrs. Grey wouldn't let me get a word in. I've never met such a pompous woman in all my years. I would prefer to not speak about her again." I smiled at that. Mother was devoted to Father and myself. If she was unwilling to talk about Mrs. Grey, she must be something else. "You're bored, aren't you, dear?" "I didn't think I would be the youngest person here," I replied. "You are so wrong about that. There are several young women present. They are standing close to the piano. I thought you had seen them," she said, nodding in their direction. As we talked we were slowly walking along the back of the ballroom, our backs were toward the windows. I turned with my hand on Mother's on my arm. Five ladies stood beside the piano close to the double doors that led outside. Two were older and, from the resemblance were mothers to the younger blonde girls. The blonde girls were pretty but then I saw - her. She was a vision with long, dark hair with alabaster skin and what looked to be dark eyes. Her lips looked very red and kissable. I looked away when that thought crossed my mind. I had no right to think of her in that way. I didn't even know her name. "Mother," I began, softly, "do you know that girl's name? The brunette?" "What did you say, dear?" I cleared my throat gently. "The brunette? Do you know who she is?" She glanced at the group. "I believe Mrs. Grey mentioned she's new to Chicago. She's staying with the Simmons until her father can get everything settled back home." I wondered what had happened to her mother. "Do you know her name?" "I'm sorry, dear. We haven't been introduced. What's wrong, Edward?" "I must meet her. She is so - lovely." I could feel my mother staring at me but, at the moment, all I saw was the lovely young woman across the room. She laughed at something one of her companions said. She didn't cover her mouth demurely as the others had. She laughed heartily with a hand on her midsection. I wanted to be the one to put that smile on her lips, her beautifully kissable lips. "Edward, she's with Mrs. Simmons. She could introduce you. Dear," she said, placing her other hand on my forearm, "you're quite smitten with that girl, aren't you?" "I can't take my eyes off her. I must meet her." "Come along, Edward," Mother said as she brushed non-existent dust from my arm. "Escort me." As we went across the room Mother noticed the drink in my hand. "What is that?" "I'm not entirely sure. Mr. Grey gave it to me. Father thought if would be fine. I was going to have this one, Mother. I'm not very fond of it. It burns my throat. It's rather uncomfortable." "I agree with your father, for tonight. I suppose it would be all right." We were close to the group of women. "Stay calm, dear. Remember your manners." "Of course, Mother," I said, rather confidently. She was right there. She was even more beautiful the closer we were. We were very close now. "Claire," my mother said, "my son and I were wondering about your companion. We have heard someone new had arrived. Would you introduce us?" "My pleasure, Elizabeth," the tall woman replied. "You know Lillian and her daughter, Anne?" "Yes, pleasure to see you again," Mother said. "And, Grace, that is a lovely dress." "Thank you, Mrs. Masen," said the tall girl, Grace, Claire Simmons daughter was nearly as tall as me. Being over six feet tall, this was very uncommon. Lillian Davis and her daughter, Anne, were opposites in every way. Lillian was a robust woman. Her daughter, on the other hand, was very petite. She must take after her father. Claire Simmons said, "I'd like to introduce Miss Isabella Swan, from Seattle, Washington. Isabella, this is Mrs. Elizabeth Masen and her son, Edward." "Pleasure to meet you, dear," Mother said, as she took Isabella's hand. "You as well, Mrs. Masen," Isabella said. She, then, extended her hand to me. I gently took her white-gloved hand and brought it to my lips. I let my lips barely touch the back of her hand. As I did this I smelled flowers. "It is my great pleasure to meet you, Miss Swan," I said as I stood to my full height. "You as well, Mr. Masen," she said, her voice shook slightly. A smile came to my lips as I heard her voice. It had a quality to it that I couldn't describe. I wanted to hear it for the rest of my life. "Miss Swan, is your father still in Seattle?" My mother asked. "Yes, he is, finishing up the details of the move. The last of our things will be arriving in a few weeks with him." "What does your father do for the living?" Mother asked. I was glad she was here, because I wasn't able to speak at the moment. "He will be joining the police force." "What a noble profession," Mother commented. "You must miss your father," I said, finally finding my voice. Her gaze moved to mine. When that happened I almost stopped breathing. I've never had that feeling before. Her brown eyes seemed to surround me. "I do miss him but Mr. and Mrs. Simmons have been very kind and generous. I have enjoyed my stay with them." "I'm glad you've settled in," I said. "Thank you, Mr. Masen. That's very kind of you to say," Isabella replied, smiling at me. Isabella's smile was like a ray of bright sunshine on a cloudy day. It was as if I had never seen the sunshine before. I knew I had to leave before I did something to embarrass Mother - or myself. "Ladies, if you would excuse me?" I said as I bowed my head to them. "May you all have a pleasant evening." "Good evening, Edward," several of them said, including Mrs. Simmons and her daughter. Lillian Davis and her daughter were speaking with Mother. Isabella was looking at me as if she didn't want me to go. I will see you again, lovely Isabella, I thought as I turned away. Since I didn't move very far from them I heard Mrs. Simmons say, "Edward is so polite and kind. He's a model son." "He does seem quite nice," Isabella said. She thinks I'm nice. That's more than I expected. I glanced back and noticed she continued to watch me. I continued on my way wearing a small smile. "Edward, what's your hurry?" a voice called as I walked by. I turned to Mr. Grey and my father standing nearby. "My apologizes. I wanted to get a breath of fresh air." "Nonsense, my boy. Come with us to my study," Mr. Grey said. Watching my father's expression told me he didn't want me there. "I believe you and the other gentlemen would talk me under the table, sir. If I may speak to my father for a moment, I would be grateful.