Bella I held my breath, keeping as still as my new body would allow, making sure to stay downwind of the scent of the one I was hiding from. But he was close…and getting closer. I shifted, moving behind the tree slowly, and chanced a sniff. He was getting closer, and once he caught sight of me, I was done for. I was the last one left…he'd gotten the rest of my family. The wind shifted and I contemplated climbing up in the tree…but he was good. He'd probably see that. My only hope was to wait until he moved on and then run in the opposite direction. I inhaled almost silently. I was getting better at that, analyzing scents, learning where things and people were without looking. Vampire senses took a while to get used to, but I was learning. Jasper had been teaching me just the day before, helping me out and training me. I was still a bad fighter…he said that, like many newborns, I went for the easy kill, and could be easily outsmarted, so I'd shoved him out of the tree. He'd laughed, catching himself easily and promising that he wasn't trying to insult me. The footsteps faded and I reminded myself of the situation at hand. 'Stay or go, stay or go…' I had to make a decision…fast. I was the last one left. Even Edward hadn't made it. I pivoted, placing my hands on the tree, and got ready to climb, telling myself that I could use the trees to get me away, and hopefully he'd give up soon. I would have to wait him out…even the house wasn't safe. I lifted myself, moving silently and carefully, being patient as I let my instincts take over. I could climb a tree with no problem, but doing it silently…well that took getting used to. But I was doing well. I made it to the lowest branch and hoisted myself up easily, staring down at him with a feral grin. He was moving away from me, his sharp eyes going back and forth across the clearing, his senses obviously on high alert. I took a step back, still silent, and looked over at the tree behind me. All I had to do was step…the trees were so close together here, and I was grateful for a moment before moving back, making my way through the thick foliage, avoiding touching the leaves as much as I could. I just had to stay upwind…Jasper had taught me that too. It applied to hunting and…well this situation as well. If he couldn't smell me or see me, then maybe I could get away…and then what? Wait him out, I reminded myself, forcing myself to be patient and wait for him to get a little further away. He lifted his nose to the air, turning in my direction, but not looking up, and then began walking back to the tree where I perched. I held my breath once more, freezing into a statue, then told myself to move, getting as far away as I could. 'Higher.' I told myself firmly. 'Higher and further away!' I climbed upward, making no noise as I pulled myself higher, climbing the tree easily until I ran out of tree, perched above the foliage. I could see the roof of our home in the distance and felt a pang of regret. 'If only the house was safe! I'd be fine…but it's not.' I glanced around, then leapt from the tree I stood in to another, easily maneuvering and making no noise. My newborn speed had gotten me further away than any of the others. Edward might have gotten away, but he'd gone after my fiancé first. I hadn't looked back, knowing that my only chance would be to get as far away as possible, and I'd been on my way to the heart of the swamp when he'd come along. If I could just get a little deeper into the swamp…there the smells were nearly overwhelming, animals and plants and water to cover our tracks…wash away the scent. I hardened my resolve. If I could get to the swamp, I decided, I would be safe. I moved faster, taking a chance that he was far enough away that he wouldn't see the trees move or hear me. I could probably outrun him, but I didn't want to chance it. He'd proven himself excellent at outsmarting people. The trees thinned out a little, but if I could find a good hiding spot in a place he wouldn't think to look, then I might have a chance. I slipped down the tree when the water came into sight, looking around just in case. He was nowhere to be seen, and I couldn't smell him anywhere nearby. I landed in the water with a quiet splash that could have belonged to a deer or even a fox or wildcat. These swamps were full of animals. I hurried through the water, looking around, then crouched in a bush, backing into more foliage, my eyes open and ears alert for any sign of…footsteps. I heard them approach and felt worry start to overcome me. I'd backed myself into a corner…if he got closer, if he picked up my scent, he'd scour the area…I berated myself for thinking he wouldn't come here. What was I supposed to do? I heard him come closer and panicked, jumping up and making a run for it. I needed to get further away…the footsteps were behind me now, not catching up but tailing me, letting me know that he saw me, that he had all but caught me. If he managed to get a hold of me, I had no chance. I couldn't fight to save my life! I ran faster, using my strength as I dodged through the swamp, splashing loudly in some places where the water was deeper. I made a sharp turn, trying to lose him again, but he tailed me easily, his footsteps growing closer, and I leaped, reaching for a tree branch and pulling myself up as quickly as I could, racing through the trees like a monkey, swinging from branch to branch as I turned corners and changed heights, hoping to lose him, and after climbing to the top of one of the taller trees, I stayed absolutely still. I couldn't hear him anymore. I leaned my head back, letting myself exhale marginally, finally relaxing a little. 'Okay, again. I just have to stay here…or find a better hiding spot, and then….' My thoughts were cut off when I heard a loud snarl, and someone was tackling me. I hit the ground first, and although it didn't really hurt at all, I cried out, twisting and fighting his hands. 'Get away get away get away!' I told myself over and over, trying to use my strength, but teeth brushed against my neck, a low growl coming from the man pinning me to the ground, and I went completely still. "Gotcha." I sighed, my arms going limp at my sides while my brother chuckled, climbing off of me. "I win." He announced cheerfully, and I rolled my eyes. "I almost got away!" I argued, sitting up, and he snorted. "Yeah right. I had you right where I wanted you." I pouted, scrunching my nose, and he put an arm around me. "You did really well. Better than anyone else." He admitted softly, his hand on my back, and I smiled at him. "Who did you get first?" "Edward, but he can't be it, so Emmett's next." I nodded, just glad it wasn't me. I'd spent the last four hours hiding just so I didn't have to be it again. When we'd played our first game in our new home, as the newest member, I was declared to be it. So feeling like the new kid in preschool, I'd stood in the house, my eyes closed as I counted, my nose in a corner. Finally, after reaching twenty, I'd scoured the area, trying to make my new senses work for me, but my siblings had years of experience, and I'd been overwhelmed by the new smells. It had been a full two hours before I'd caught Edward's scent, the most familiar to me, and had raced through the swamp, feeling more like a bloodhound than a vampire as I tracked him. However, I'd been proud of myself when I'd caught sight of him in a tree, easily overtaking him with my strength, and he'd chuckled as I'd celebrated, after pinning him to the ground of course, my lips against his neck as he'd wrapped his arms around me. "Bella, you still have to catch everyone else." He'd told me, laughing. "I can't be it anyway." He'd reminded me, pointing to his head, and I'd groaned, dropping down on his chest in the circle of his arms. "Good luck." After a quick kiss, he'd gone back to the house. After an incident that Esme referred to as 'the time Emmett and Edward destroyed an entire house,' we were forbidden from playing in the house, especially not hide and seek or wrestling, so it was out of bounds. She had allowed them to hide on the roof…before Emmett had tackled Alice and sent them all the way down to the first floor. Therefore, it was only used as a waiting area. Helping was also not allowed. They had a whole different game for that, apparently. I'd found Emmett next. He wasn't great at the game, but he was strong enough to get away if he was caught. They'd explained to me that in order to be out, the other person's teeth had to touch their throat. Of course, as they'd demonstrated when Emmett had tackled me in order to give me some first hand experience, we never actually bit one another. Still, it had been frightening for a second when I'd looked up to see my giant brother on top of me, his teeth at my neck. But I had a feeling Emmett had been gentle with me. After I'd tackled him, finding him hiding in the moor by some bushes, he'd gone down pretty easily, giving in when I'd gotten close to his throat. I hadn't had much training in fighting, and only the guys were really rough with one another when playing. The expansive moors and swamps on our property were an excellent playground, and as I'd learned while living with my family as one of them, they loved to play together. Baseball. Soccer. Tennis. All extreme versions of course. But one of my favorites was hide and seek. While Carlisle and Esme sometimes played, they'd opted out today. Carlisle was arranging for Charlie to come visit, and Angela as well. Alice wanted to have the wedding as soon as possible, but I wanted to wait for Charlie and Angela to arrive. I was sure Charlie would bring Sue and Leah and Seth, and they could all be there as well….honestly that sounded better than a big wedding. It would just be my closest friends and family, and I was fine with that. "I didn't think you'd ever catch her!" Emmett grinned from the porch. Edward smiled as well, flashing over to my side and kissing my cheek. "She's good." Jasper agreed easily, releasing me to Edward, and sitting beside Alice. "Again? Emmett, you're it." "Nah." Emmett wasn't as big of a fan of this game as I, preferring games that allowed him to use his massive strength. We would often drop games and pick them up later, as I'd learned in the last week. Nights were fairly boring, and even with our hobbies and personal pursuits, we still had plenty of free time. Esme was spending most of her time with the blueprints for the house, deciding what she wanted to do with the outer walls…if she wanted to install glass like she had with the last one, or