Part I Jasper This was a bad idea. I knew better than this. All I had to do was look back on the last time I'd seen the girl...but even now, standing outside her house, I couldn't bring myself to leave. I needed to check on her. I had to….to apologize. It was all my fault, and I'd never even gotten to tell the girl I was sorry. It had been two months…two months of living with my now depressed family, minus Edward who I had to blame alongside myself. What had he been thinking, abandoning her like this? He loved the girl, and I'd never felt him so completely desolate as when he'd come back and demanded we all leave. More than once I'd caught him running off to the woods in the days following the move to one of our other houses, his emotions distraught, and I was sure he was running off to cry alone. And then when he'd left us…of course, leaving us with the orders that we were not to make contact...Esme and Carlisle had been devastated. It wasn't until after I'd found Alice, curled into a ball on our bed, sobbing painfully, that I'd finally realized that I couldn't do this…I couldn't do this to her, I couldn't do this to Bella…I couldn't do this to our family. Edward couldn't hurt us all like this and then leave. I'd climbed onto the bed beside Alice, pulling her into my arms and begging to know what was wrong. After a little coaxing I'd gotten her to tell me that Bella had been sending her emails…emails that she'd had to return plus a little hacking to make it appear as though she'd changed her address and that they were undelivered. But from the sound of it, Bella had been utterly destroyed by this…and it was killing Alice. But this wasn't just affecting my wife. Emmett was different. He didn't want to spar. He didn't want to play video games. He mostly just sat in front of our TV staring into space, his emotions heavy and painful, ignoring the rest of us. Rosalie, perplexed by her mate's behavior, had tried coaxing him away from the TV and into their bedroom, which had resulted in a screaming match that had finally ended with Emmett's disappearance for a full week. I'd been afraid that he'd gone back to Forks, but Alice assured us that he was just blowing off steam and hunting. After his return, he'd been a little closer to his normal self, but he refused to speak to Edward…up until the day Edward left us. Carlisle and Esme were more affected than they liked to let on. I'd felt them begin to feel affection for Bella in the same way they felt it for all of us, and Carlisle had begun to see her as his own daughter. His love for her had been apparent to all of us, and if we'd needed another reason to welcome her into our family, our parent's affection for her had sealed her position. Then again, it wasn't just them. Emmett had fallen for the little human, seeing her as a baby sister to be protected and teased. Alice had become attached to her at once of course, deciding that they were best friends and sisters. Even myself, I had to admit, had grown attached, mostly because it was impossible not to unless you were blinded by your own prejudice…like Rosalie. From the day I'd first met her…first felt her hesitant friendliness, her wariness of me that was more stemmed from fear of rejection than actual fear, I'd wanted her to be happy with us. It was obvious to me…or it had been before Edward had made such an idiotic move, that she was going to join our family in a more permanent sense, especially considering Alice's persistent visions. So now, as I found myself outside of her bedroom window, I felt less like a creepy stalker and more like a concerned family member checking on her…by climbing in through her window. I brushed the thought aside and climbed the wall easily, holding on to the ledge and peeking into the window. Her truck was in the driveway although it was a Friday afternoon Her father's cruiser was gone, and I could only assume that he was at work or possibly fishing…she'd spent many weekends with us over the summer because her father was out with Billy Black. Looking in through the window, I found her bedroom exactly the same as the last time he'd seen it…maybe a little messier. But then looking more closely, I realized that it wasn't' the same…her meager CD and DVD collection was gone. There were no books in sight and her CD player was lying on the floor next to a box with wires poking out that I recognized with a wince. 'The stereo.' I realized with a jab of pain, but then thought of how hurt she must have been to do this. But it wasn't her room and the realization that her books, CDs, and movies were all gone that startled me the most. It was her. She lay on her bed, her eyes shut as she faced the wall although she wasn't asleep. Her face was thin and haggard looking and I froze in place as he took in her pale face, the bruise like shadows under her eyes…the spots of red on her cheeks. 'She's sick?' I couldn't tell…I certainly wasn't a doctor, nor had I ever studied human medicine unlike my father and brother. 'Could that be why she looks so terrible?' I truly hoped so. 'Please tell me this isn't my fault. Please, please don't let me have been the one to do this to her.' Because ultimately I knew that it was my fault. Placing my hands against the window frame, I slowly pushed it up, taking a deep breath of the air that was saturated with her scent, which was not as potent as I remembered. But I breathed it in, glad that I'd hunted several times on the way. The burn in the back of my throat was uncomfortable but not unmanageable, and I took a second to congratulate myself before lifting the window even more, just enough to slip in silently. But even as I placed my feet on her floor, she didn't open her eyes…or even stir. I approached her hesitantly, pausing by the window before deciding against touching her. If she didn't know I was here, alerting her to my presence by getting too close wouldn't end well. I took a second to sample her emotions, surprised that I hadn't been hit with them yet. Bella felt things strongly for a human, although they were nearly always positive in my experience. She was usually happy when she was around us, although she was often frightened of Rosalie. But now she felt…nearly empty. I felt her emotions like I would feel the emotions of a coma patient…barely there, muted…an indiscernible mess of numbness that I could barely make sense of. But she was in pain...although she was suppressing it to such a degree that I wasn't sure if she was aware of it. Deciding that standing here and staring at her without her knowledge was just a little creepy, I decided to speak up. "Bella?" I spoke softly, reaching out with my own emotions to rouse her. If she was sick, I'd find help, but first I needed to speak to her. "Bella?" I spoke up when she didn't respond, either physically or emotionally. Stepping up to her bed after a moment, I reached out and touched her shoulder over the blankets. "Bella." This time I spoke in a normal tone of voice, starting to worry about her lack of response. "Hey. Bella? Can you hear me?" Her emotions shifted a little, a flicker of confusion and surprise, then stilled again. Sighing, I knelt by her head, reaching out and touching her face with a hand I knew would feel cold to her and she jumped a little, cringing away. "Bella, open your eyes." I ordered gently, ignoring the pain in my throat. My worry was overriding my thirst at the moment. "Come on Bella. I came all this way to see you. Can't you look at me?" I asked, my tone gently teasing, and I tried to surround her with comfort and affection. Her eyes opened hesitantly then, regarding me with an emotion I couldn't quite identify. "Hello Bella." I greeted her, withdrawing my hand and smiling a little at her. She looked at me in bewilderment, her body curling into a protective ball as she stared at me. "What's wrong?" I asked gently, starting to reach out to her again, but she closed her eyes once more, and for a second I was bombarded with her emotions…agony that was crippling, pain and abandonment and just a flicker of hope that was too quickly crushed, and I clenched my jaw, trying to sort through it all before she suppressed it once more. I let myself touch her once more, my hand stroking her face, which felt too hot now that I thought about it, although humans always felt too warm to me. "Come on. Talk to me." I pleaded. She shook her head, turning her face into the pillow and cringing back, and I felt a wave of hurt. "Bella…I'm so sorry." I decided to go ahead and apologize. I certainly owed her that and deserved her loathing, but I hoped that she would try to understand…it was unlike her not to. "I understand if you can't forgive me…" I paused in my apology when she opened her eyes and continued staring at me, eyes full of tears that spilled over after a second. "Don't be afraid. I won't hurt you…" But the truth was, I couldn't make any sense of her emotions. She shook her head, a pained cry escaping, and she closed her eyes once more, prompting me to return my hand to its place on her cheek. "Can you talk to me? I don't understand what you're feeling. Please, Bella." I begged when she shook her head, my worry escalating. "Not real." She whimpered into her pillow, making me frown in confusion, then shock when she clarified. "You're not real." "I'm…what? Not real?" I shook my head incredulously. "Are you sick, Bella?" I asked, now more concerned than before as I cupped her cheek in my hand. "You left. You're not real." I flinched at the pain in that statement and suddenly wondered how many times she'd dreamt that one of us had returned. I clenched my jaw, filled anew with rage at both my brother and myself. "Look at me." I sat on the bed beside her, leaning over her where she was propped against the pillows, and framed her face with my hands. "I am real, Bella. I'm also worried." She shook her head, the bits of hope I felt from her ruthlessly crushed, and I fought against her pain. "No, Bella, listen to me. I'm real. You can feel my hands." I reached down and caught one of her own, squeezing just firmly enough to press her fingers together. "See? I'm real. I came back to see you…or to apologize, rather." She stopped shaking her head, staring at me with a mix of hope and fear, and I squeezed her hand once more, surprised when she suddenly lunged forward, dropping my hand and throwing her arms around my neck, her hot face pressing into my shoulder in a way I knew wasn't comfortable for her. Her body convulsed with sobs, but it wasn't the pained cries that tore at me…it was her emotions. As if a dam had broken loose, I was flooded with pain and sorrow and abandonment and a hollow emptiness and a thousand other horrifically painful emotions that made me stiffen, my eyes closing