Hello everyone I hope you are all doing well. This is a one-shot that I really wanted to write, so I thought I'd share. I hope you all enjoy. Edward I stood outside the hospital, trying to convince myself that I had to go in…that I had to face him. I owed him that much. Before I went back, I had to speak to him, and as desperate as I was to see Bella, I needed to see Carlisle first. I'd hurt my parents when I'd left…I'd know that it was going to hurt them when I decided to leave. I hadn't even said goodbye. If I had, Esme would have begged me to stay, and I couldn't. But now, after a failed attempt at tracking and the realization that, without Bella, I couldn't function, I was going back to Forks. Before I went back to Forks, however, I needed to speak to my father. It had been months since I'd seen my family…I'd gotten rid of my phone, making it impossible for them to contact me, although Alice could probably see me regardless. Still, they hadn't come looking for me, so I assumed they were going to leave me alone until I sought them out. I missed my family. I missed them more than I had thought possible. I missed living in a home with my parents, and playing with my brothers and spending time with Alice and even Rosalie! I missed Rosalie. Chuckling a little, I stepped through the automatic doors, looking around the waiting room and, much to my surprise, almost ignoring the smell of blood. Of course it was there…and I couldn't help the venom that pooled in the back of my throat, but I could ignore it, much to my surprise. After resisting Bella's blood for so long…well, I couldn't even compare this to the difficulty of resisting her blood. Nonetheless, I'd gotten pretty good at it. The man sitting behind the front desk looked up at me, and after a brief second of surprise, he smiled. "Hello. How can I help you?" "I'm looking for Dr. Carlisle Cullen." I told him, glancing around the waiting room once more. "Oh…um…do you need to make an appointment or…" I chuckled. "No. He's my father. I'm Edward Cullen…can you tell me where to find him?" "Well…" He was glancing down at his computer, unsure. In his mind, though, I got all the information I needed. Third floor. "I'm just going to use the bathroom first." I told him with a smile. "I'll be right back." "Oh…okay, sure. I'll have the nurses page him…" I nodded, stepping past him towards the bathrooms, and then, making sure he wasn't watching, pushed the door that led into the corridor and shut it behind me silently. There weren't exactly very many people around. I was thankful as I headed toward the door that would lead me to the stairwell, and then hurried up to the third floor. "Yes, please make sure you keep an eye on her blood pressure. I'll be back in about an hour to check on her." I froze right before I opened the door. I hadn't heard my father's voice in months…surely he could smell me…or hear me? Or maybe he was distracted. I searched through his thoughts of patients and charts and other doctors…in his mind I saw Esme, halfheartedly sketching a landscape as she sat on the porch of the new house. I saw Alice leaning against Jasper's side, lifting a hand to tell him goodbye…and then dropping back against my brother, sighing sadly. I watched Jasper kiss her hair, squeezing her more tightly for a moment before turning back to the TV. My family was still upset. I pushed the door open, spotting my father immediately. He was nodding at a nurse, pointing to something on a chart…when he suddenly froze, turning and meeting my eyes. I gave him a hesitant smile, hoping that he would return it… "Excuse me, Roberta." The young woman nodded, glancing back at me in surprise, then took the chart, turning back to her work. But I was watching my father approach, his gait almost too quick for that of a human. "Carlisle, I am so…" Before I could get the apology out, his arms were around me in a surprising display of affection, and his thoughts were overjoyed. 'You came back…Son, I've missed you so much.' "I missed you too." I murmured, wrapping my arms around him and letting him hold me for a moment. "Come. We can speak in my office." He told me, excitement in his eyes as he led me down the hallway, ignoring the looks we were getting from the nurses, and then we were in a small room with a desk pushed against the wall, and his hand was on my shoulder. "Have you spoken to Esme?" He wondered, shutting the door behind him. I shook my head, holding up a hand. "I need to speak with you first…I need to apologize." "Edward…" "No…Carlisle, I was wrong to do what I did. I…I was terrified of losing her." I tried to explain, and there was nothing but compassion in his steady gaze. "But I can't do this, Carlisle. I cannot live without her. I have to go back." "You…you want to move back to Forks." He nodded thoughtfully, his mind already going back to the house, to his old job. My family had liked Forks. "I cannot ask you to do that, Carlisle. I cannot ask that of any of you. I already forced all of you to pack up and leave once. I have no right…" "Edward…" Carlisle shook his head with a soft smile, his hands on my shoulders. "Son, we are your family. We've all missed you so much…" He paused. "We've missed Bella as well." Of course, I'd known they would. They loved her. Once a vampire became attached to someone…once they loved someone, that was forever, and that love wasn't limited to our mates. My parents loved Bella. Alice saw her as her best friend. Emmett…well, he'd begun to see her as a sister. In my father's mind, I could see for myself how much they'd all missed her. "I know. I'm so sorry." "Alice hasn't checked up on Bella…like you asked." He hesitated, and I heard him gather his thoughts. "Are you sure, Edward? Because, leaving like you did…we've probably hurt Bella a great deal. If you're going to go back, and then leave again…" In his thoughts, he was picturing the girl, feeling immense guilt. He missed her, but more than that, he worried about how much we'd hurt her. Over the summer, she'd spent almost every day with us, and my parents had gotten attached to her. He worried about the effect our leaving had had on her, especially since I'd told Alice not to check on her. "I won't leave again." I told him firmly, looking into his eyes and trying to show him how serious I was. "I can't…I can't live without her." "So you're going to change her?" I froze, my own eyes widening. "Edward, Bella is human." "I know, but…" "She wants this, Edward. She will die if you don't change her, and then you will lose her. You'll have to spend the rest of your existence without her." He must have seen the determination in my eyes, because he immediately guessed my plan, gripping my shoulders almost too tightly. "No! Edward, I will not lose my son! I will change her myself if I must." I shook my head, but he continued on fiercely, not letting me argue. "You are my son, Edward. Esme and I would be devastated…how could you even think…" He broke off, dropping his head and relaxing his hands until they only rested on my shoulders. "How can I take away her humanity?" "You're not." He told me softly. "She's giving it away. This is her choice. She's giving it up to be with you, because that's what she wants. You think you can make all these choices for her…you think you can decide what's best for her, but Edward, if you love her, you'll let her make her own choices. You'll let her live her life however she chooses to do so, and you'll support her. We want her in our family. She wants to join us. Can't you see that?" I didn't want to think about this…I didn't wan to have to have this argument again. "I need to see her." "You need to understand that, if you do go back, if she still wants to become one of us, I won't deny her." He was deadly serious…he was already working it out in his mind. After high school, he would change her at the house…she could say she was going to college. There were plenty of alibis. We could move…he would give her plenty of morphine beforehand…hopefully that would decrease her pain. And I knew he would do it…if that's what Bella wanted. "I have to go back." I whispered finally. The thought of staying away from her forever…the thought of keeping away, of never speaking to her again, of never holding her in my arms again…that was unbearable. I wouldn't survive much longer without her. I needed Bella to live. Even if she was furious with me, even if she never wanted to see me again, I had to try. And if that meant taking away her soul, I suddenly realized, I was selfish enough to agree. "Will you come?" Maybe if he was there...well, maybe she would take it better. Plus, my father could deal with Charlie, who was sure to be upset with us, especially considering how Bella had been when I'd left her. That thought made me wince. Carlisle nodded, hugging me quickly and patting my back. "Of course. Let's go." We took his car, since I'd come without one. He drove too slowly for my comfort, and I found myself shifting restlessly in the passenger seat. He'd spoken to Esme briefly on the phone, explaining what was going on, and I'd heard Alice shriek in excitement as my sister had furiously began barking orders to get packed. Now, we were on our way as my family began packing. For a moment, I wondered if she would even take me back, but I pushed that thought away before it could fully develop. I had to be with her. That was my only option. "Edward." My father's voice was mildly scolding, but mostly amused, and I realized that I'd cracked the armrest where I'd been gripping it too tightly. Apologizing softly, I released it. "I'll fix it." I murmured, embarrassed, and he chuckled. "She's going to be happy to see you." He assured me, but I shook my head. "I left her in the woods, Carlisle. I told her I didn't love her, and I left her in the woods. She was crying…begging me to come back." I closed my eyes when the image wouldn't leave my mind, and he sighed, the disapproval warring with sympathy in his thoughts. "There was most certainly a better way to handle that." He scolded me, his voice almost too soft for me to hear. "But you love one another. Apologize to her…she'll forgive you. It may take time, but if you explain to her what happened, she'll understand. We should all apologize to her." I had to agree…although I didn't feel like he had anything to apologize for, nor did the rest of my family. Well…maybe Jasper. But the thought of letting Jasper near her again had me terrified once more. Bella liked Jasper…she liked my whole family. She'd thought, however, that he didn't like her until I'd explained that I'd warned him to keep away. Still, she was always insecure around Jasper and Rosalie, afraid that she was making life difficult for us. But Jasper cared about Bella. I'd even caught him