I hated Twilight. Seriously. Just on principle. I thought it was stupid and ridiculous and I just decided that I hated it. (Bad idea…I should really never do that…) And then one day I decided to watch Breaking Dawn Part 1 just as a joke with my roommate….and I laughed all the way through it. Seriously it was ridiculous to someone with no prior knowledge of the series… (EJ? Renesmee? Really? Come on, that's still silly) but I was interested in spite of myself, and my roommate (a guy I am so grateful towards for so much more than just this) was like, the books are better. So I checked out the first book on my Kindle….and told myself that I could like it ironically. And then I decided to read the second one ironically…and watch the rest of the movies that we had…as I was devouring the last book I finally admitted that I wasn't doing anything ironically. Even though they are sort of silly, I love what these books say about love and fate and family…and even though the movies aren't all that great, I love them too, because they are just as fun to watch. So only about three months after decided to watch the fourth movie as a joke (Still haven't seen BD part 2….I've heard it's good though) I decided to try writing fanficiton about it, since it's something I had fun with for Skip Beat and LOTR…and I just want to take a minute to thank everyone for your kind responses. Seriously. One of the most rewarding parts about being a writer is feedback, and getting that instantly with fancfiction is really cool and something I appreciate so much. So I hope you enjoy the third installment of something I planned on being a oneshot. People Will Talk "Lonely?" I jumped, and then turned to glare petulantly at my blonde brother. Chuckling, the unrepentant vampire belatedly rapped his knuckles against the doorframe. Rolling my eyes, I turned back to my book, recrossing my ankles in the air as I lay on the bed. Despite living with them for months now, I was still unused to their ability to enter my room so quietly. Not willing to be ignored, Jasper just laughed and entered the room, perching on the bed and reading over my shoulder, ignoring my glare. "Jane Eyre?" He guessed. I sighed and nodded. His smile faltered and he focused back on me, using his strange ability to read emotions to try and figure out what was wrong, obviously picking up on my anxiety quickly. "Don't worry, Bella." A cold hand rested on my back, fingers splayed toward my neck. Hesitating for a moment, he leaned forward and looked at me, his perfect features arranged into a worried frown and I remembered a time when I'd been too intimidated to interact with Alice's brooding movie start mate. "You don't have to go back tomorrow if you don't want to." He reminded me softly. I'd insisted though…the school was reopening the next day, and since Carlisle had been able to find nothing unusual in my blood work, he had no real reason to keep me from going…no one was particularly happy about it though. Carlisle and Esme, along with Edward, had all offered to stay home with me if I wished to take a little more time off, even though my shoulder was, for the most part, healing fine, and I had no other injuries. Of course, they were more worried about my emotional state, but I wasn't about to let that keep me from school…not that I enjoyed school overly much…I just wanted to get all the uncomfortable stares and rumors out of the way….I wanted things to go back to normal, or as normal as they ever got for me. "Edward would stay with you…any of us would. No one would mind." Carlisle, Esme, and Edward weren't the only ones anxious to have me back at school, and I had to admit, I was nervous as well. The thought of walking back into the school where…I flinched and shifted my weight off of my arm, the ache in my shoulder reminding me better than words ever could. "You okay?" I sat up, giving up on lying on my stomach, and curled my arm to my chest, trying not to move it. A glass of water that had previously been on the nightstand materialized in front of me, and a little white pill was held out. "You're supposed to take them when it starts to hurt." He chided me gently, and I mumbled an embarrassed 'thank you.' Although everyone except Emmett had hunted about a week ago, Edward and Jasper had apparently spent more time goofing off and playing than feeding. Besides, they all wanted to hunt again before going back to a school full of humans…apparently it made it easier. Jasper had hunted with Alice a few days ago, but Edward, Emmett, and Rosalie had decided to wait until that night to go…mostly just putting off leaving me here without everyone. Esme and Carlisle were going on Wednesday while the rest of us were at school, not wanting to be unavailable on my first day back. I sighed again, swallowing the pill with most of the water and placing the glass back on the nightstand, feeling immensely annoyed with myself. 'What is my problem. Everything is fine….everyone will be in school with me tomorrow. I only have two classes without them! Gym and calculus…surely I'll be fine. I'm going to have to go back some time.' Despite the mental pep-talk, I was still worried, a fact that frustrated me. "I'm sorry…I'm bothering you." Jasper said quietly, standing, but I reached out and grabbed his wrist, the action stopping him. "No…sorry Jasper. It's not you…" I wasn't irritated with Jasper…he had been right. I was lonely without Edward around…otherwise I wouldn't have left my door open. "Then what is it?" "I'm being an idiot." I said ruefully, making him frown as he sat on the bed next to me once again. "I shouldn't be worried…it's just school." I mumbled, clutching my hands in my lap. Taking one of mind, he held it between both of his. "It's completely normal to be worried, Bella. But we'll be with you. I promise. One of us will be nearby all day…all you have to do is call for us or text us, and we'll come get you…we'll bring you home if you want. Okay?" I nodded hesitantly, offering him a grateful smile. "You're brave…going back right away. Most people couldn't." Glowing a little from the soft-spoken praise, I wished him goodnight as he squeezed my hand one last time, then left my room, shutting the door behind him. Turning out the bedside lamp, I crawled into the covers, dropping the book on the floor beside my bed, and closed my eyes, slipping into sleep and praying that there were no more nightmares. It was the same nightmare every night…or a variation of it. Jackson. The school. A gun. The first night it had been me…the pain from the bullet so real that I could almost feel it in full the next day. Then it had been Emmett…once I had dreamed that little Alice had crumped in front of me, Jasper's accusing eyes watching me with hatred as I sobbed over her. One night it had been Edward… I'd watched helplessly as Edward stepped between the gun and me...something so easy to imagine, his face furious as he took a threatening step toward the man that threatened me…and then he had fallen, his face agonized as he lay on the tile floor. I'd rushed to his side, but in the strange way of dreams it seemed to take hours as I screamed, forcing my sluggish body forward. Over and over I screamed his name, dropping beside him, shaking him as hard as I could, calling for Emmett or Jasper or Carlisle….anyone to help me. I couldn't lose him….the thought of going home to his family…to telling them that it was my fault they'd lost Edward, made my chest feel tight and painful in an oddly familiar way, and I remembered my mother's hand slapping me and lying on the floor, unable to breathe as she left, and I couldn't scream anymore…. A cold hand on my face, not slapping me, but gently holding my head still, finally woke me, and the calm tried to flood my system, tried to ease my pain, but I couldn't stop screaming and crying as I fought Jasper, desperate to find Edward but unable to make myself call his name. Finally he'd taken me from Jasper and pulled me into his arms, looking desperately into my eyes as he held me as close to him as he could, his eyes pained. "I'm here, Bella. It's okay. No one is going to hurt you." He'd whispered, rocking us back and forth as he kissed my forehead. Unable to explain to him how little I cared about that I had thrown my arms around him and held on for dear life, crying painfully into his neck while Jasper tried vainly to get me back to sleep. "Is it not reaching her?" Carlisle's worried voice had been just loud enough for me to hear, and Jasper had sighed, giving up. "She's hysterical…she's too afraid to sleep." He'd said sadly. "I'd rather not force her again…she'll probably just have more nightmares." Carlisle had sat beside me on the bed then, keeping a hand on my back while mumbling a conversation with Edward and Jasper that I didn't care to hear. It wasn't until several hours later that I had relaxed my hold, and then only because it was killing my shoulder, but I didn't move away…I was determined to bear the pain, a small price to pay for the assurance that Edward wasn't dead. His cold hand had covered my shoulder, trying to offer me some relief, but I was tense for the rest of the day, refusing to let my eyes close for too long, not matter how tired I was, and unable to keep any kind of food down. It wasn't until I had seen how truly terrified my behavior was making everyone that I had made a concentrated effort to calm down…but even then I'd needed Jasper's help. I woke briefly when someone climbed into bed with me, knowing immediately that it was Edward whose arms I was pulled into. One thing about living with the Cullens…I never needed to worry about intruders. I shuddered to think of the untimely end any would-be murderer or thief would meet should they decide to choose the Cullen home as a target…especially with Jasper around. Rolling over, I curled up against him, resting my head on his shoulder and breathing deeply. "Did you have fun?" I mumbled, clutching his shirt in my hand. He chuckled softly, the almost silent sound the only noise I could hear. "I suppose…I missed you though." "Missed you too." I mumbled, reaching up to kiss his cheek, and then was asleep again, barely registering his cold lips against my forehead. The next time I woke was to his hand on my face, the cold contact waking me abruptly. "Sorry." He smiled, pulling away and sitting on the bed. "We have to leave soon…you overslept." I frowned, jumping out of bed and throwing the closet open, rummaging through and grabbing the first pair of jeans and the first shirt I could find. "Why didn't you wake me earlier?" I wondered, hurrying into the attached bathroom and shutting the door. "You looked like you needed the rest." He said mildly, raising his voice a little so that I could hear through the door. Sighing, I pulled the jeans on then started to pull the shirt off, freezing when my shoulder pulled sharply. Biting my lip, I let my arm hang down, closing my