Yes, I know I have two other stories going. Yes, I know I'm supposed to be doing homework/NaNoWriMo/sleep/school work. Yes, I know this idea has probably been done to death and that several people wanted me to continue with Bad Idea and I'm sorry…really. But I've been writing this for a while and…and...and authors don't get to choose the ideas that won't leave us alone and we just have to write them and if we don't they drive us insane and...well, I hope you enjoy anyway. One of my followers, Olga Q, was kind enough to translate this story in Russian! To read this story in Russian, go to: (slash) forum (slash) 156-15470-1 Friday Bella 'It hurts.' I opened my eyes, surprised at the thought, but it was true…everything hurt. But why…I looked down at myself, disoriented and confused, then felt a jolt of shock when I found that my shirt was ripped open, and my underwear and pants were around my knees…and suddenly the horrific memories came back. Jacob, grabbing my arm, telling me that he loved me, the way he pressed his mouth against mine, gripping my lower back…then his hands on my shirt, ripping…the pain in my head as he pushed me down onto the ground, the hard rocks digging into my back. 'He raped me.' The thought was involuntary, but I immediately knew it was true. My breath caught and I bit down on my lip hard, looking around wildly at the forest, able to hear the sound of the waves as they lapped at the beach. I couldn't remember blacking out…had no idea if it had been the pain or my mind rejecting the events…but he was gone, I was sure of that. Looking around, shaking so hard my teeth were chattering, I remembered walking with him to the beach…sitting together on the sofa in his house…the food network. I tried to reach down and pull my underwear up, but my hands shook too much and I could only cover my mouth, bringing my knees up and shaking. 'Think.' I ordered myself. 'Stop it…think. I have to think.' This worked sometimes when I was clumsy and hurt myself or when something painful happened…when other kids were cruel when I was little, or when I crashed my bike at ten. 'Think. He raped me. What do I do?' Forcing my hands to work, I stood shakily, pulling my pants back up and gripping a tree, wincing at the pain when I moved, then leaned on it. 'Help. I need help. I need to get away from here. A doctor…I have to see a doctor…' The thought of letting a doctor touch me made my stomach rebel and I gripped it painfully when my lunch made a reappearance, falling to my knees and trying to hold my hair back, then gasped for breath for a long minute. "Think." I said the word aloud, my voice weak. 'Charlie's gone…fishing with Billy.' I processed this, then tried to stand, using the tree to help me. My father had decided to go on a fishing trip all weekend, leaving me alone at the house. Edward didn't want me to stay alone… My body felt weak and drained and my thoughts were panicked and random. 'Carlisle. He'll know what to do. I need Carlisle.' I wanted my family with a suddenness that surprised me. But I knew that Carlisle's compassion had no end, and Emmett would be glad to fight anything that threatened me, and Jasper would help take the terrible feeling in my chest away, and Edward….no, I didn't dare think about Edward's reaction. I remembered as I stumbled forward, remembered Edward talking to me. Telling me that I was going to stay with Jasper and Emmett…begging to stay with….I cut the thought off, going back to his words. Emmett and Jasper were home. Carlisle was at the hospital. 'Hospital. I need the hospital.' I wanted to shower. More than anything I wanted to scrub every inch of my body with hot water, remove every trace of the filth that now covered me. 'No…not supposed to yet. Carlisle. Have to talk to Carlisle.' I swallowed, reaching into my pocket with a shaky hand and pulling out the cellphone Edward had given me. I was grateful that he'd programmed his entire family's numbers into it for me. Each of them carried cell phones in case of emergencies so that they could easily get ahold of one another. I looked around, leaning against another tree. I hadn't made it twenty feet, and already my legs shook and my stomach ached and I was dizzy…I slumped to the ground, dialing the house. I didn't care who answered. It could be Rosalie and I would take it. I just wanted someone to help me. "Hello?" Emmett's voice was nearly curt…it was how they always answered their home phone. People so rarely called them…. I tried to keep my voice steady, but he must have heard the desperation in it. "Emmett?" I choked out. "Bella?" His tone changed, moving from distant to concerned in half a second. "Bella, are you okay?" "No." I felt a sob building in my chest and tried to stop it. "Can you come get me? Please?" I begged, putting a hand over my mouth when the tears began to fall again. "Where are you?" He asked immediately, and I heard Jasper's voice somewhere in the background. "La Push." I cried harder, knowing he couldn't get to me. Knowing that he was forbidden to come here and not caring. "Please. Please, Emmett." "Where? Where in La Push?" "First Beach." I heard him swear, loudly, and heard Jasper mumble something. "Can you get to the border, Bella? Or closer to it?" I cried in earnest then, rocking back and forth, my mind rebelling at the thought of running into him again…or any of his pack. They must have known…must condone it if they'd allowed it. I'd come to think of them as my friends. A knife twisted in my chest. "I can't." I whimpered, shaking my head and knowing that Emmett couldn't see me. He swore again and a different voice came on the phone, this one a little calmer, his calm seeming to leak into me, and his voice was gentler than I'd ever heard him. "Bella, are you with Jacob?" "No." I sobbed. To his credit, his voice never wavered…his patience didn't run out. "Can you get to him? To give you a ride?" "No! No no no…" I shook harder, sobbing the word over and over until he interrupted me, his voice a little surprised. "Bella, did Jacob…did he do something to you? Did he hurt you?" He didn't actually say it, but the implication was there and I wondered if I could die from shame. "Yes." I choked out the word and wrapped my arm around myself, shrinking against the tree, then forgot about shame when I thought of him coming after me again. "Please, please don't let him hurt me again, Jasper." I pleaded. For all I knew, Jasper didn't even like me very much. He certainly did his best to keep his distance. But I would beg if he would just help me. "Sh Bella. I won't." His voice was cold now, the fury evident. "We're coming. Listen. We're going to hang up, and call you from my cellphone. We'll stay on the line with you after that, okay?" "Mmhm." 'They're going to get me. They're coming to take me away from here. I just have to wait a little longer. Then I'll be safe.' "Okay. I'm just going to hang up for a second." I heard the line go dead and hit the end button on my phone. It wasn't a full second later that he called me back and Jasper's voice was back in my ear. "Bella, are you there?" "Mhm." "Good. Okay we're on our way. Listen, can you try to get closer to the border? Do you know the way?" "I can't. It hurts." I whimpered, shaking my head. There was dead silence for a moment, and I heard a snarl on the other end. "It's alright darlin. Just stay where you are. We're coming to get you, then we're going to get you to Carlisle, okay?" I cried softly, looking around the woods fearfully. I was vaguely surprised when he kept speaking to me, his voice soft and gentle, and it reminded me of how he would soften when he looked at Alice. But he continued, assuring me that they were close, telling me that no one would hurt me again, promising to get me to Carlisle as soon as they got here. "Okay, Bella, Emmett's on the phone with Carlisle. He's going to meet us…Sam will probably let him cross the border to get you, alright?" I didn't answer, biting my lip hard. I was making Carlisle leave work. I was causing him trouble. And what would he think of me now? "Bella? Darlin, are you there? Bella?" His voice grew urgent and I hummed in agreement, not able to speak through my tears. He continued to speak, his deep voice soothing me as I heard wind rush by on the line, until finally it came to an abrupt halt and I heard a door slam. There were other voices then, tense, angry ones, and I wondered what was going on. 'What if they won't let them get me? What if Sam says no?' I shook with the cold, resting my head on my knees once more and sobbing. "Bella?" Carlisle's voice came from the phone now, and I wondered vaguely how he'd met them so quickly. I felt a rush of relief and tried to wipe my face quickly. "Sweetheart we're outside of La Push. Are you there?" "Carlisle?" I chocked out, my jeans damp with tears, my body aching as I realized that I was probably covered in bruises. "I'm coming, Bella. We have to talk to…Sam." He kept the phone to his ear, and I heard Jasper speaking to the alpha wolf. "We just want to get Bella." I could imagine Jasper's calming influence as it wrapped around everyone present. "She called us…she asked us to come and get her." I leaned my head back against the tree, my face wet as I tried to curl tighter into a ball without causing my muscles to cramp. "Bella?" Jasper's voice was once again in my ear. "Listen they're letting Carlisle come, and Sam's going with him… Bella?" I managed a little noise and heard him sigh. "It's okay darlin. He should be there in a minute." The sound of rustling in the woods made me gasp, my arms going around my knees, and I rested my head on my them, tears streaking down my face as I did my best to stop crying. I didn't want to see Sam…or anyone else. I couldn't bear the thought of facing him. I just wanted my family. Any of them. Hesitant footsteps approached, and I froze, tensing and praying that Carlisle would show up soon. But the hand that reached out and brushed against my arm was ice cold, and I looked up into his face. Sam stood beside him, his face grim, but I only saw Carlisle, his hand hesitantly moving to touch my face. "Sweetheart? Talk to me Bella." He requested quietly. "Carlisle…" I felt another tear fall down my face as I dropped the phone and gripped his hand. He moved closer then, sitting next to me and holding me close. 'Safe.' My entire body seemed to relax then and I began to sob in earnest, clutching his shirt in my hands as tightly as I could. "Oh sweetheart." He murmured in a quiet, pained voice. "I'm going to get you to the hospital, okay? Come on." He carefully moved a hand under my knees and lifted me, moving so quickly that I barely noticed. He was as