Blood of the sea Date: 17 th august 2015 Location: Atlantis, throne room Time: 22 p.m. New York time Zone *Poseidon pov* My wife, Amphitrite, Triton and I had an argument, again. It is every year the same topic, my currently only demigod child, Perseus, or "Percy" as he liked to be called, Jackson. Now, you may wonder why we would be arguing about him, again. To answer your question, it is because of his birthday tomorrow. Now, this wouldn´t be that big of a problem if it wasn´t his 18th birthday tomorrow. Now, you may think that it is no big deal. Okay it is old by demigod standards, but this is definitively not a problem. It is actually very good that he can live this long. So, if this isn´t it, then what is it? It is the thing we are arguing about right now. "But, father. This CAN´T be true. No child of yours, other than me, should be able to inherit that gene. He… he is merely a demigod! He can´t have this power. And even if he had, then it would kill him!" Triton ranted. He did this funny thing, I am sure you have heard of. He shouted and walked in a circle while doing so, his hands clasped behind his back. I looked at Amphitrite, hoping to get a little help from her, but no such luck. She just sighed and shook her head. "My husband, you and me, we both know that he will not accept this, at least not at first. You know how strange he thinks of his body with him already having many strange powers. A lot of his friends already started to fear him for his powers. Even that girlfriend of his, what was her name, Anniebell, Anne, ah yes, Annabeth started to get distant. What do you think they´ll do to him when they discover what it means to be a true child of the sea?" She asked softly. I won´t say that she loved Percy, but she tolerated him, and even if she won´t admit it, she also cares about her stepson. She and Percy bonded when he was here in Atlantis for two weeks, helping in rebuilding my castle. After the war against the Titans it was destroyed because of Oceanus´ forces. And with Gaea coming along, there was no chance in rebuilding it this time. So we started after the war, and Percy, being the helpful, and very kind persons he is, decided to help. Anyway, I think I should finally explain what we were talking about, shouldn´t I? Well then listen closely. My children, all of them, inherit the gene of the sea. It connects them to the water, to all the creators living in it. Now, in some of my children, the gene is weak. They don´t have that much connection and powers over the sea. It´s a bit like the children of my rival, Athena. All of them are smart, but some are extraordinary smart, others only smart smart. Doesn´t make much sense? Okay, doesn´t matter. So, besides the weak children, which I loved as much as the others; there were the strong children of mine. Great heroes, I am sure you heard about them. Theseus and Orion for example, just to mention two of them. The stronger the gene, the greater are the powers. They had much of the gene in them, thus stronger power, better skills and so on. Now, what never happened is that the gene of the sea was completely passed to one of my children. That is, until Percy was born. I could feel it, sure, but I didn´t think much of it at first. But as he grew, so did his powers. And the gene didn´t only alter them. It began to change his body slowly, of course he wouldn´t notice this at first. It was his insides that changed. First, his lungs became slowly smaller over the years, making room for gills. His skin, even if firstly not noticeable became softer and held more water in it, perfect for scales to cover it. It shifted and changed him slowly, so he shouldn´t have noticed much of it. The greatest change though is that his body built an uterus. Yes, you heard right. The sea isn´t said to bring forth life for nothing. All godly children of mine are able to bear children, but it´s never really used. It´s also the reason why my children were treated as freaks by the romans. A male giving birth was an absolute disaster. And I think it wouldn´t be much different today. I am not even sure if Percy is aware of this, but I told Sally to tell him when she thinks it´s the right time for him to know. Anyway, what I didn´t know is that the gene would change his body completely as soon as he turned 18. I heard of it from Apollo, who foresaw it. After that, I also did some research, and what I found worried me to the core. "..seidon! Poseidon!" Are you even listening to me?" Amphitrite asked. She looked mildly annoyed. Ups. "I am sorry my dear, but I was just thinking about this situation." I said; my shoulders slumped in defeat. "Poseidon, is there really absolutely nothing you can do to stop it from spreading? We both know that he will lose everything he worked so hard for!" She said, clearly attached to Percy´s wellbeing. "Yes, I already looked. There is no way to stop it from changing him completely. The only thing I can think of right now is to warn him. I´ll visit him in his dreams today, so the nightmares will stay away and I can explain all that will be happening. As soon as I am finished I´ll also talk to Sally. She´ll also need to know about this as well." "I agree with him, mother. If it can´t be changed, he should at least get the chance to know what´s going to happen to him now. It IS his body after all. And I think to inform the mother wouldn´t hurt either, maybe she is able to calm him and tell him what to do." Triton said thoughtful. Sometimes I wondered how fast his and Percy´s bond got stronger. "If you both think so, then it won´t be that bad of an idea. Just be careful not to rush in this too fast. This is a lot to process, after all." My wife said. I nodded to her and kissed her softly in thanks on the lips. I could hear Triton complain about not showing PDA, but I ignored him. He was old enough to see this. And if he didn´t want, then he should look away. As we parted, I softly brushed Amphitrite's cheek and whispered then in her ear. "It is already late. I must be going. My son will be asleep right now, seeing that it is already past midnight. His change should´ve already started by now. I must hurry." As soon as I finished talking, I disappeared in a thin mist, leaving a salty scent of the sea in the throne room behind. Date: 18 th of august Time: 2 a.m. Location: Perseus´ room, Manhattan, New York *Percy pov* ~ dream ~ I was very afraid of this dream, because I thought it would be like the other nightmares, memories of Tartarus. What I didn´t expect though was the beautiful beach shore I was walking along. I was taking in the soft sea breeze and the calming sounds of the waves as I spotted my father, Poseidon. He was sitting on a blanket, just a few feet ahead of me. I was very curious as to why he would join my dreams, so I walked lazily to him and sat down. " Percy, my boy. How are you doing?" He asked in his smooth, deep voice. His face held a very kind smile, but I could see in his eyes that he was afraid of something. As I looked at him, I couldn´t help but be amazed how alike we both were. We both had black hair, deep see green eyes (but his held way more power in them), tanned skin (but mine was way paler, because of the time I spent in Tartarus), and other facial features, like the high cheek bones. " I am fine, dad." I said. I knew this was a lie, at least mostly. Yesterday my girlfriend, Annabeth Chase, daughter of Athena broke up with me. She said that it didn´t work between us, that I was holding her back. And the worst of it? I understood her. She overcame the memories and the flashbacks of Tartarus very quickly, but I was still dealing with them. I was, and still am, broken. She had started to heal on her own and I was holding her back. And well, I needed her to get past the flashbacks, but now, I think it will be worse. " I can see that this isn´t true, Percy. You are very sad and your eyes, they look…broken. What is it?" He asked gently, worry showing his face. I thought about lying to him. I could just say that I was fine, that this was nothing to worry about. But I knew this wasn´t true. And my father knew it as well. Also, it probably wouldn´t be that good of an idea if I lied to the god of the sea, storms, and earthquakes. " I…I don´t know what to do anymore. I am worthless right now. Mom and Paul are building their own family right now, even going to be parents and I don´t want to be a danger to my little brother or sister. Annabeth broke up with me, not that I can blame her. And you know, I defeated Gaea in the war, the power I displayed was nothing an ordinary, a normal demigod should be able to do. I was controlling fucking blood, for the gods´ sake!" I hadn´t noticed I was crying until I felt a wet streak slide down my cheek. " And now, they are afraid of you, huh?" He asked quietly. I merely nodded. Nearly all my friends grew distant. And like I said, I wouldn´t, I couldn´t blame them. But then I noticed that he surely wasn´t here to listen to my problems. So I wondered what he was doing here. " Uhm, thanks for listening, dad. But if you don´t mind me asking, why are you here? I mean, it is nice to talk, but surely this isn´t why you needed to see me." I asked suspicious. Every time when I got godly visits in my dreams, they meant nothing good. " You are right son. This sadly is not just a friendly visit. When you said that you weren´t normal, even by demigod standards, you were right. This is not a bad thing!" He hurried to say, because I was about to agree with him and say that this was bad. I thought about interrupting him, but then came to the conclusion to not do that. " Well, I need to tell you something. You see, you are not only my favourite child, but also my most powerful. Percy, do you know why some of my children are stronger than others?" He asked. I wasn´t sure what this had to do with anything but decided it would be best to just answer. I was about to reply that I didn´t know but thought about it. " Well, I am not sure, but probably because they inherited more from you than from the mother." That was the only thing I could come up with. My father looked surprised at me, but I could see pride in his eyes. "You are right Percy. You see, the powers you have come from the sea. There is a special gene all of my