79th Annual Hunger Games ! Hey , my name is Cameron Bordeaux. BORDEAUX. Bor-dO. And O sound, not Eaux. Yeah, it's complicated, but you will get it soon enough. Yeah, you might think that my name is lame, or even dull. The truth is, that when my parents named me, they weren't really concerned about giving me a District 1 name like Jet, or Navy or... you know what i mean. But, I'm not from District 1. I'm from District 6. After the Quarter Quell, both our victors were killed. So we don't really have a mentor for 6, but 20 years after the rebellion, President Snow's Great-Grandson reinstated the games. They assigned each of the 7 living victors multiple districts to mentor. Enobaria got 1 and 2, Beetee got 3 and 4, Annie Cresta got 5, Johana Mason got 6 and 7, Haymitch got 8, Peeta got 9 and 10, and Katniss got 11 and 12. So we have Johanna Mason as our mentor. For the 76th Games, District 2 won, for the 77th, District 7, and for the 78th, District 12. And though everyone may think so, not everyone in our district is a Morphling addict. Actually, probably only 20%. I am 12 years old and a lot of people underestimate me, actually. I may look sweet and stupid, being only 5'1" and 90 pounds. I am kind of a ladies man, because of my charm and good looks. That may sound conceited, but it's true. I have semi-long, brown, messy hair, and bright blue eyes. I have dimples in my cheeks when i smile and light freckles on my nose. I am pretty muscular, working out a lot. Because i am friends with all the ladies, i get bullied, and sometimes have low self esteem, but i have a pretty darn good life! I am an only child, and we are pretty rich for being from 6. But, enough about me. Oh... no... tomorrow is reaping day... Well, i am only in once, they won't pick me. I got a pretty restless sleep last night, worrying about the reaping... I fidgeted around a lot in my sleep and woke up a few times sweating. Finally, at 10am sharp, my mother shook me awake. "Cameron! Get up! It's reaping day!" I groggily threw my covers off my body, and changed into my Reaping Outfit. It was a sky blue suit, with a cloud white bow tie. A button down jacket, same color as the suit, to go on top. I also had darker blue cargo pants, with black, leather dress shoes. I yawned as i walked into the bathroom and turned on the light. The brightness made me squint to see the mirror. Huh. Rare. For once my hair wasn't sticking up, but looked tosseled and slightly curled in the front. I liked it. I brushed my teeth, and, because were were running late, there was no time for breakfast. My father held open the door for my mother and I, and we ran from our home. We got in our expensive car, and buckled up. Because of our Districts' industry (Transportation), everyone here got awesome, expensive cars. My father got behind the wheel and we ran as drove as fast as we could to the Square. Most kids were already in their designated age areas, while Katerina Quinn, District 6's escort was smiling a little too broadly at us. She had extremely straight brown hair, with a purple bow siting upon her head. She wore a glistening red dress, coming down past her feet, concealing her shoes. She had pink lace covering her arms, and excessively long, red painted fingernails. She waved at the crowd like this was the happiest day of her life. I glared in her direction as i walked over to the sign in area for each reaping participant. When i got to the table to sign in, the woman sitting there violently grabbed my arm and stabbed it with a needle. She ejected my blood onto a machine, which then read, Cameron Bordeaux- Age 12 She waved my off, and i raised an eyebrow at her. "Get outta here, kid." I shrugged and walked over to the twelve year old Male section. I glanced over at the twelve year old Female section, and saw my girlfriend Baylor. She saw me and we smiled at each other nervously. A high, icy woman's voice spoke. "Hello District 6! I am your friendly escort, Katerina Quinn! Today, i will be reading the names for the District 6 Tributes of the 79th Annual Hunger Games! I am so excited, and I'm sure you are too! Now then, let's get started! I will now select the Female tribute!" She walked over to the pink Reaping Ball and hummed to herself, until she finally pulled out a name. "The female tribute from District 6... Baylor Johnson! " Baylor turned pale and i heard a shriek, and a body hit pavement and a few more screams. Baylor's mother had fainted. Her sister was yelling and crying, until Peacekeepers escorted her family out of the Square. Forcefully. Baylor trudged up on the stage, stunned. She has brown hair, which is always tied in a ponytail over her shoulder. She has dark brown eyes, also with dimples in her cheeks when she smiles. She is very shy, but extremely smart. She is only slightly taller than i am. She wore a sparkly blue sleeveless dress, and heels. She looked very pretty, as always. But under these circumstances... she can't go into the Hunger Games alone... She walked up and stood next to Katerina, stone faced and serious. Not crying like most District 6 tributes do when they are reaped, but calm and collected. Katerina walked over to the blue reaping ball. She pulled out a slip and read the name. "Xavier McCormick!" A boy from the seventeen year old section began to step up to the stage. But by then i had made my decision. I push my way through my section and yell, "I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!" Katerina looks surprised but i am not concerned with that. I sprint up to the stage as fast as i can and yell again, "I volunteer!" Katerina is stunned. "W-we have a volunteer from District 6!? Ladies and Gentlemen our first volunteer from District 6! And what is your name young man?" I say, somewhat shakily, "Cameron. Cameron Bordeaux." "And may I ask why you volunteered-" "My girlfriend. Baylor Johnson, my girlfriend." "Well then, OUR TRIBUTES FROM DISTRICT 6! CAMERON BORDEAUX AND BAYLOR JOHNSON!" Out of the corner of my eye, I see my mother crying, as my father is being wrenched away from her by the Peacekeepers. My mother runs after him, and the Peacekeepers grab him too. I am a tribute, in the 79th Annual Hunger Games... I sit in the room , before my goodbyes, thinking. About allies, and weapons and careers, and probably worrying way too much. I am pretty laid back, no matter what the circumstances... unless people i love are in danger. Then, my mother and father run and and hug me and whisper things I can't understand in my ears, in between sobs. Once i tell them i will be okay, they give me a token. My "C" necklace that I have had since i was three years old. I clip it around my neck, and kiss my parents goodbye. Next comes in my best friend and cousin, Xander and Allie, respectively. Xander and I do our secret handshake and do a fistbump. "Win, Cameron, win. You can do this. I know you can." "I will..." My voice falters. "I will win." He gives me a hug and Peacekeepers drag him out of the room, and Allie runs in. "Ayy cuz." She grins. "So now you're the new celeb huh?" She laughs, and so do I. She can make me laugh in any situation. She always cheers me up. "You're gonna win Cam. I know you are. 1 and 2 are so conceited, and 3 never makes it far. 4 relies on 1 and 2, and always dies before them. 5 is just a bunch of losers. 6 has always been better then 7-10. Just one year, 11 and 12 were notable. You have got this in the bag, man." "Thanks Allie." I said. We hug and she too is grabbed by the Peacekeepers and escorted out of the room. I think about what everyone has said and told me, and suddenly feel exhausted. Let's be real here, in 2 to 3 weeks, i will be dead. And i need my beauty sleep. I yawn. A Peacekeeper grabs me under the arms and shoos me onto the train. Baylor and Johanna Mason are avidly chatting about the games and Baylor waves to me, but I call back, "No thanks, I am so tired!" Which is partially true. I need some time to think about the games. But I realize I can't do that until i know who the tributes are. I turn back around and plop down at the table, next to Johanna. "Hey, Johanna. I am super tired, but i think it would be a good idea if we watched the Reapings first." "Oh, you think?" Said Johanna sarcastically. She walked over and clicked on the television. I sat down in a red chaise, on the end of my seat. District 1 Female: The girl who was reaped was named was named Emerald, and she laughed flirtatiously up to the stage and waved, and blew kisses. It made me sick. She was 17. District 1 Male: The boy was named Jet, and volunteered for his younger brother. He laughed maliciously to the crowd and waved proudly. He was 18. District 2 Female: The girl was named Maple, and when she was volunteered, she walked up smugly and glared at the crowd. She was 14. District 2 Male: The boy was named Arson and he volunteered for a random boy and ran up shouting that he couldn't wait to kill. He was 17. District 3 Female: She was named Amelia. She was reaped, and had a lot if ferocity in her for being from 3. She scowled at everyone and spat her escort. She was full of anger. She was 14. District 3 Male: He was named Logan. He had a lot of muscle, and was very intimidating. He volunteered for his friend and threw Peacekeepers out of way, with his bulging arms. He was 18. District 4 Female: Her name was Scarlett. She had curly red hair and sobbed all the way to the stage, or actually, when she was dragged to the stage. She was 13. District 4 Male: His name was Austin. He had messy black hair, and was also very bulky. When he was reaped he had tears in his eyed, but kept his cool. He was 15. District 5 Female: Her name was Josie and began bawling as soon as her name was called. When she got to the stage, she was on her knees, with her head in her hands, eyes puffy. She was 12. District 5 Male: His name was Tristan. He started screaming and yelling when he was called and was weeping next to his district partner. Their escort openly announced that district 5 would not be winning this year. He was 12. We then watched Baylor and my reapings. I have to admit, we did look pretty awesome up there. That might earn us some sponsors. We didn't weep like some of the others. I think i might want Austin as an ally. He didn't look like a career to me. District 7 Female: Her name was Faith, and she was ripped, and wore a somewhat revealing plaid shirt, and had a tight braid. She smiled when she was reaped, and by the looks of it, she was nimble. She was 14. District 7 Male: His name was