Finally the afternoon is here. I sigh. I have been sitting in my office for hours, going over the books for my restaurant. It's absolutely great being the business owner. Perks of free food anytime I don't feel like cooking, having a nice steady cash flow and still having plenty of time to be a mum. The only down side is the darn bookkeeping! I was in the process of looking for a business that I could invest my money from my other not-so-legal profession in, to ensure I stayed off the radar. I'd been really fortunate that Mr and Mrs Forge were retiring to North Dakota to be closer to their grand children. Their stationery store is now my restaurant. The restaurant is in the centre of my hometown and I'd really needed to make sure that I could capture the hearts of the young as well as the mature patrons if the business was going to be a hit. I had the whole place remodelled. When opening day came I had the whole town at my doors— both sets. See, my business is different... it's a diner and a take out store on one side and a restaurant on the other; with the kitchen smack bang in the middle. The restaurant is where you go to be a family – well ... that's what I've always thought. The uncle's thought I was mad with the idea but went along with me like always. It paid off like I knew it would and business has never been better. A smile creeps its way onto my face as I look over at the photo frame on my desk. The picture of my son and the uncle's. They are actually his great uncles but it's easier for him to call them, Uncle A, Uncle Marc and Uncle Cal. It was lucky I'd had the camera pointed at them at that very second to capture the moment. It was a picture from when my boy turned 4, the day he finally got the upper hand on them. To be honest it was their own stupid fault for willingly laying down their water guns. Standing before them by the river, under the big oak tree, looking so smug with his water gun was JR. In the branches above hung three buckets with a mixture of slime, feathers and glitter. My baby kicked a rigged rock and the buckets fell straight onto his uncle's. I couldn't stop laughing that day, it was the funniest shit I'd ever seen — and pulled off by my little man — you could say, I was a very proud mum! My son. From the moment I found out I was pregnant my whole world changed. I would have never thought that my own father would behave the way he did ... or the town for that matter... It's funny how they both enjoy my business though when they don't bother with me or my son. Closing the accounting books, I neatly piled them on top of each other, leaving them on my desk. Clearly having enough of seeing numbers! "Com, afternoon report please?" I ask, leaning over the side to grab my coffee cup. "Good afternoon Bella. Uncles and JR are currently in the gym, all system operations are normal, security of property active, nothing to report." The robotic voice answers. "Thank you, Com." I shut the door to my office, walking down the hall to the stairs. Coffee is always a good stress reliever even if mine always has a touch of scotch, but 4 flights of stairs is punishment for not restocking my kitchenette. Yes, you heard me right, my house is huge! It has everything I could ever want. Unlike my shop I didn't remodel the house after I brought it – no, I just revamped it, I didn't have the heart to remodel. I knew the previous owners really, really well, they were— are my family— his family... That is if you can call them that, after they up and left without so much as a goodbye. In my heart I still love him and them deeply. Hurt by their actions but the house held to many memories for me to gut it. The layout of the house remains: First floor – Kitchen, lounge/TV room, study/library, guest room, laundry, bathroom, toilet and a garage on the side. Second floor – Three bedrooms with own bathroom and a games room. Third floor – Master bedroom with own bathroom, two offices and a spare room. I have only modified it; scouts honour! The guest room is now an operating room. It has everything I'll ever need to patch me up - from stitches, broken bones to full on surgery and resuscitation. The only other thing I changed on the first floor was the study. Between my illegal activities and my tormentor I thought it would be best to have a panic room. I needed to make sure my son is protected. It looks like any other room but once it is locked down by 'Com' a hidden door appears at the back of the room. The door leads to stairs that takes you underneath the house, which leads to an underground apartment. It comes complete with 5 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, kitchen, lounge/TV room and escape tunnel that opens up into the forest surrounding the house. Overkill? Humph... if only you knew. The second floor stayed the same aside from turning the games room into another bedroom with own bathroom – this is known as the guest floor... I always knew deep down that one day he and his family would end up back in my life. I transformed the master bedroom on the third floor into a room for Uncle A, Cal and Marc. They'd said that being triplets they've always shared a room and that it wasn't going to change now. I'd asked stupidly if they wanted female company, to which they replied, "That's what hotels or the second floor are for," accompanied by, "I'm a free spirit, it's not like they haven't seen me go at it before," and, "That's what the great outdoors are for, can't contain that shit to a bedroom now!" Gross — I think I just vomited in my mouth. Shivers still run through my body when I remember those replies. We put a door between the two offices making it into my son's bedroom and play room. The spare room, I turned into a small study for when he starts school. Finally, there's the top floor, which is a complete add on to the house, is my floor. The whole floor is sound proof and can only be accessed through one door. The stairs that connect each floor usually takes you straight into the hall of each level but the one on the third floor has a 3 metre walkway between the stairs coming up to the door. The door has a punch lock pad that opens the stairs to my floor. Only the uncles, my son and I have the combination to that door. My floor is completely independent of the rest of the house. It has one half of the floor as my room inclusive of bathroom, medium size nursery that I've never had the heart to change, a compact kitchenette, my office and lastly Com's 'room'. 'Com's' room, you're asking? Well good question. 'Com' is not a who but more a what – confused? 'Com' is a high-tech security system, super computer. Com runs the whole house; he is wired into the entire property in fact, so that is why I have a room on my floor to house his mainframe. Everything sci-fi that the shows on TV say they can do Com can. He's voice operated and can tell me everything from what I have in my fridge to where JR and the uncles are located, to who is calling; you get my drift. Behind the house is the outdoor entertainment area. There is a big under cover area with tables, chairs, a bar, a dance floor and pool tables. Off to the left is the swimming pool that also has slippery slides. It's funny that the adults actually have more fun on them than the kids! Then to the right is my new addition to the property - well it is a year old but still new - the gym! Just like my house it has everything, all the machines are at one end and then a gymnastics mat at the other. I have punching bags, bench press, treadmills, weights and more. You're probably wondering why in the world would I have that for four adults and child, right? Well you see it is not just my son, uncles and I; there is also my crew. They're the extra security detail I have around the house when I'm away for my special business trips and they're also my employees at the restaurant. Most of them are ex-forces of some sort, trained to kill in combat. They were looking for a quiet life and to settle down so it killed two birds with one stone. Considering I don't trust the people of my home town in a pink fit to work for me without ripping me off, especially after the way they'd treated me in the past, I sourced elsewhere.That's how the crew got together. There's Sam, his wife Emily and their two kids, Jim and Rhonda. Then we have Quil and Angela, with their only child Rachelle. Next are Embry and Jessica with Sarah, Jayne, Alliyah and baby Daniel. Embry wanted a boy and wasn't going to stop until he got his son. Poor Jess, she was ready to sew her legs shut at one stage just to keep Embry out! There's also Paul and Gianna, and Jared and Bree with their godson Jack, and Seth and Maria and their son Roger. Jared is the head chef, Seth is the sou chef and the rest of the boys are kitchen hands. The wives are the wait staff, three works on the restaurant side, while another two work the diner, with the last one looking after the kids. Everyone got along great, and for a long time everyone thought that I was a very private person. That was until one late night when I arrived back in town badly banged up after doing one of my special jobs. I barely managed to get to the shop. The crew was closing up, about to head home when they spotted me. Needless to say after that night I had to confess my story to them. With the help of the uncles I explained my story to them and the importance of keeping my son and heir a secret. The men in the crew were outraged, needing to step outside to calm down. The girls cried and said I'm the strongest woman they've ever known – now, I don't know about that, all I do is the same thing I have always done; protect my son and the family . After that night, we all get together every Sunday at my house and have a big family bbq as the restaurant is closed on Sundays and the diner is only open till 8pm. Consequently the guys started training again, they also thought it was wise to teach the girls; they had a big fear that their wives and children would be sitting ducks if they were taken out. God, we had some hilarious training sessions . We are a family; now don't get me wrong we aren't perfect – far from it. Just like any family we do have our fights and quarrels, but we always sit down and talk it out – well almost all of them . The biggest and reoccurring argument is him . How can I still work for him ? What happens when he finds out? Maybe I should tell him , see