I really appreciate everyone's support for my first fanfiction. Thank you to Nats-chan , who told me I didn't post the translations for the French sentences, totally slipped my mind. I used google translate so it should work in reverse, sorry about that my only language is English. I own nothing in any relation to the Harry Potter series or otherwise, just ideas and manipulating characters. Really OOC here for everyone. Please be kind, I'm still getting the hang of things. Enjoy! Veela and Coffee Don't Mix Sixteen year old muggle-born witch Hermione Jean Granger was so thankful for her understanding parents more than ever at that moment. Standing on a small balcony in the morning sunshine as she looked out to the glistening blue waters of the ocean; a sigh of content escapes her lips. She could die any second and be totally fine with that. It was turning out to be the best holiday she could ever imagine. After suffering a long and torturous fifth year at Hogwarts with that horrendous 'teacher' if you could call her that and then that Ministry incident Hermione swore she knocked off a few years of life with that one, she was so glad to be free for one summer; A summer in France to be exact. Completely finished with her O.W.L's and returned home she was surprised when her girlfriend of nearly two years sent her owl with an invitation to stay at her luxurious beach house for the summer. Beach house was more like a beach estate but Hermione wasn't complaining. It took a little convincing but her parents reluctantly agreed and here she was, waking up to a beautiful day that was only to get better. Leaving the railing to wander back into the room where a still sleeping occupant of the large bed laid sprawled with the sheets half tangled around her. Hermione sat herself on the edge and gently ran her fingers through long silky blonde hair, gently untangling any knots she came across after a night's sleep. The figure began to stir and open glazed blue eyes to the brunette before a lazy smile spread across their face. "Good morning…you seem to sleep well" mumblings sounded as the lying occupant shifted under the sheets. "Bonjour ma belle. Why are you up so early? Today we relax" she reached her arms out and pulled Hermione down back onto the bed and against her chest. "Maman and Père 'ave gone out for ze day and I 'ave you all to myself like zis. No one can interrupt us 'ere" she snuggled her face into the brunette girl's neck with a small giggle. "I hate to break it to you oh affectionate one, but you have a younger sister within these walls remember? You know, small, blonde, looks like you…and your mother…and your grandmother…" Hermione had to stop herself there for a moment "Merlin. You Veela girls all look the same" she said to herself softly. "Least I know what your kids are going to look like" Hermione shifted round to face the still sleepy French witch who gave a half groan in reply to losing even a minor bit of bodily contact. "Zey will be our bébés ma cheire. Little darlings I can spoil and lavish wiz gifts and 'ave my beautiful wife beside m…" she was silenced by a finger on her lips. "Ok…stop right there. I haven't finished my schooling yet and you're going off in your vision of a future I know don't even want to think about for a few years to come. Move out of your parent's house first young lady" Hermione said right to the French witch's face which instantly became upset. "You won't 'ave bébés wiz me...?" tears were starting to crowd those blue eyes causing Hermione to start panicking. "No Fleur! I didn't mean it like that, I…" she was suddenly flipped over to lie in the middle of the soft mattress with a very happy Veela sitting on her stomach. "So you will make bébés wiz me. Oh mon amour I knew you would see it my way. I zink we shall should right now" Fleur replied as she stole a deep and breath-taking kiss. Hermione couldn't help but respond with a moan, sliding her hands over toned arms to a slender neck where they circled and held. She felt her love grind against her body earning a shiver, but the moment was broken by a chuckle. Fleur pouted, she didn't like being laughed at. A Veela thing Hermione learned early on; they really hate being insulted. A soft hand traced across her cheek in apology, which she nuzzled into. "You had your take last night Mademoiselle Delacour. Its morning, we're awake and I want to start my day. We can return to this later on but I want to see more of France. You, my darling girlfriend are going to show me, so up for the day" Hermione stated with an unwavering tone of reason. "As your girlfriend I demand my payment in full right now" Fleur stole another kiss from the girl, hands sliding down to her ribcage. Once more she was gently pushed away. "Ah, ah. No, bad little Veela. You get your reward after the chore. You should know me better than that" She gave Fleur a playful glare along with the tone. Fleur smiled. "But I am a good little Veela…" she nuzzled her way down to Hermione's neck "You are never a chore to me ma belle. I will give you anyzing you wish. Ask and it is yours. Including me…" she placed light kisses over the skin as her hands went further down to curvy hips where they held, exploring, grasping. "The one thing I want most…you can give it me Fleur…please…give it to me…" Hermione whispered sultry into her ear. Fleur groaned. "I want breakfast. Now" Was all Hermione said as she grinned. Fleur blinked repeatedly down at her love completely stunned. It wasn't until she was pushed back onto her knees that she snapped out of it. By this time Hermione was already back on her feet and heading to the door. "'Ermione! You are a cruel little…" Fleur finished her sentence with a grumbled growl as the brunette leaned against the door to her room. Hermione just giggled at the look of the poor denied blonde. "You said what I wanted. C'mon sleepy head, the faster we get our day started the faster it will go. You'll have your night again baby. Don't worry so much" she said with a small smile. Her only reply was a grumble before the girl extracted herself from the bed and lazily followed Hermione out of the room. They headed down to the kitchen hand-in-hand at a rather slow pace thanks to a still sleepy blonde not ready to begin her day. Hermione sat the girl into a chair before going to start their breakfast, their very English breakfast. She heard a low groan from behind, turning to see Fleur lying with her head on the table made her giggle. "Fleur, it's not that bad. You told me you loved the food I made in the past. What's wrong now?" she didn't get any reply. The French witch supposedly fallen asleep at the table. Sighing quietly a thought came to mind. "Fleur! Wake up for a second would you?" she started going through the cupboards looking for one particular item. "What is it 'Ermione? I am still sleepy…" She looked at the brunette with her head at an awkward angle keeping it flat on the surface. "Have you ever had coffee? I remember your father drinking it the other day. It's a good wake up call for late starters like you" A concentrated look grew across Fleur's face. "I believe zere is. It should be up in ze shelf. But I've never 'ad coffee before amour. Mamon said zat we shouldn't touch it. It is Père's, plus she said it's nasty stuff" Hermione pulled down a cylinder container and grinned. "It's just one cup, I'm sure your dad won't mind. The way you're going about yourself we need the energy boost or we'll never get anything done today" she went about making the girl a steaming cup, mind working on auto as she multi-tasked. Placing the heated beverage before the French witch and going back to finishing their breakfast; Hermione barely noticed Gabrielle entering the kitchen. "Gabby. Good morning. You have a late start too?" she grinned as she placed the last of the toast onto plates. The youngest blonde nodded her head. "Oui, I was up late reading. I must stop zat. Mamon says it's bad for me" she rubbed the last of the sleep from her eyes before she sat at the table. "I can make you some breakfast if you want. I've just finished Fleur's and my own so…" she stopped in her tracks for a moment. "Where's Fleur?" "I didn't see 'er leave as I came in 'Ermione" Gabby looked about the kitchen then out the door. "I zought it was only you in 'ere…" "Geez, and she hasn't eaten yet either. What is wrong with that blonde today?" Gabrielle just giggled. Hermione passes over the breakfast meant for Fleur and the two begin enjoying themselves. Halfway through a mouthful, Gabrielle picks up Fleur's discarded cup. "What's in zis? Argh..Smells 'orrible" She near threw thing away from her face. Hermione looked up. "I gave Fleur some coffee to wake her up. She said you girls never had it before. Guess she liked it if it's all gone…" she just shrugs as she finishes her meal. "You gave Fleur coffee?! 'Ermione zat's…" a large bang came echoing through the halls, freezing the girls in their tracks. "What was that?!" Hermione said as she jumped out of her seat to look out the kitchen door, Gabrielle following behind her. It wasn't long before another loud smash echoed followed by a crash that sounded like glass shattering. "Zis can't be good…" the two shared a look before slowly making their way down the hall. Rounding the corner all they found was a shattered window and curtains ripped to pieces. The corridor, now silence except for the light breeze flowing. "Alright, now I'm starting to worry. Even in the world of magic this just doesn't happen. Except perhaps in haunted houses or…This isn't haunted right?" Gabrielle simply shrugged before they heard a thumping coming from the floor above then. What sounded like heavy footsteps making their way down to the far end of the house; every loud thump or crash only added the tension the two girls were feeling. They cringed every step that echoed its way through the floor. "Well, I zink we found our culprit. Ze 'ouse is taking ze brunt of ze force too… 'Ermione!" following the older teen towards the staircase, Gabrielle had to jump two steps at a time to catch the other witch before they reached the second landing. She didn't know what to assume but this wasn't going to end well. "Oh bollocks… This cannot be good…" Hermione groaned. The hallway was in a near state of total destruction. Paintings, curtains, furniture, everything was ripped apart. The carpet looked like it lost a fight with a very angry animal. The stone walls were cracked in odd places from ceiling to floor. "Zis is what Mamon was warning us about. Veela's don't respond well to coffee or anyzing that gives excess amounts of energy. Our bodies cannot 'andle it. She said we can go out of control. Poor Fleur…" Gabrielle got a look of shock in return. "Poor Fleur?! What about us! We'll have to clean this up before your parents get back or we are all dead!" Standing at the far end of the hallway, hanging from a floor to high ceiling curtain was the mysterious destructive criminal, Fleur. Well not completely Fleur. Large black talons