Hey everyone! Back again with another multi-fic! This idea came about when I was reading other "what if" stories. So I thought I give it a try with the HP world being altered slightly and Hermione being the main character. This is her life and fun growing up, living in France with a certain family and ending up with special people. I want to make things clear right now! I mean in no way, shape or form ANY disrespect to the awesomeness that is the French! The people, the language, the country itself; NOTHING! I respect all European countries cause, let's face it, you guys have some kewl ass history + you're awesome (I have blood from at least three of you). I don't wish to imply any insult or assumptions, all French spoken here is translated from my knowledge of English into French via the Google program. Besides that accent you guys have; so amazing; makes me weak in the knees when you say….NEVERMIND on with the story, Hope you enjoy! The Lost Child Apolline Delacour was a very collected well-made woman of French decent and as she sat alone outside a small café within the wizarding community near the Ministry she silently thanked her Veela mother for raising her with patience and respect. Her co-workers were pressing down on tightly woven strings over the past week but the line was crossed two days ago when documents containing a trade agreement between the French and English Ministries were destroyed. Because of one person's mistake, she as Head of Department took the responsibilities upon herself. The minister requested she travel to oversee the new agreement and return with new papers. Two days she was staying in the country with its fine architecture and busy streets; only to have the disorganised lot below London make her grind her perfect teeth every hour of the working day. However, Apolline was putting that all behind her as she enjoyed the rare sunshine and a nice cup of coffee during the afternoon hours. She was without rush at the place called the 'Goblin's Vault'. The witch found it oddly cute in its own way. The backstreet was quiet and there was no one else seated outside with her in the tucked away place. Apolline looked round to soak in the atmosphere. It was peaceful, serene almost but something wasn't quite right. Frowning lightly, hard blue eyes scrutinized every inch of brick, stone and woodwork surrounding her; trying to pinpoint what was making her hair stand on end and nerves on edge. Accepting her heritage was stressful on the French born especially within the 'Being' community itself; for most of her young life, Apolline saw herself as an outcast being half human unlike the full-blooded Veela of her mother, aunts and cousins. Lines were drawn within her wanting to both belong to the family yet not give up any of herself; her sisters were her rocks when it came to understanding the 'Veela' is simply there. It always would be. But it was times when her instincts took over that the witch didn't bother with questions or limitations. She was a proud half-blooded Veela woman; one who's maternal side was yearning for her to…walk forwards? Collecting her purse while leaving a few Knuts as a tip, Apolline observed her surroundings. It was a simple street like any other around London; quiet, simple and peaceful but the aura of it changed as soon as she stood. It was only then did she notice the alley across the street and an uneasy feeling, something coursing through her veins was compelling her to enter the narrow path. Normally Apolline wouldn't listen to such odd feelings but it was instinctual and she never denied that for fear of karma taking hold. "Odd indeed" Hesitantly she entered the deserted alley following her gut as it told her to venture far from the safe open streets to the back roads of the community. Turning one way then another, she was well on her way to getting lost and very ready to turn back when she heard the faintest of sounds; a soft whimper. Tucked away in the dark corner, behind a pile of trash bins was a cardboard box. Such a thing wouldn't seem out of place in the area but whatever was making it move and shuffle definitely was. Slowly approaching it, the Half-Veela listened as soft whimpers escaped the half closed top and when she crouched down to get a proper look inside a gasp escaped her lips. A red faced baby was tucked in a woollen wrapped blanket with a small hat upon its head; by appearance it seemed only days old and getting upset very quickly. Before a cry could escape Apolline had the child firmly secured in her arms and pressed into her warm chest. "Shh, shh petit. Je suis ici. Je suis ici" holding the infants head carefully as she looked over its flushed skin. No signs of abuse, cold or injury had the Half-Veela sighing with relief before she held the child closer still. Whimpers turned into small cries against her blouse but the blonde mother didn't care. Her internal thoughts and feelings had nothing against what her maternal instincts were screaming at her to do. Protect the child . The earth shifted gravity and Apolline was now a lone guardian against a world set against her. Trust no one, find shelter and protect. That was what the Veela within her spoke and all for one unknown baby. Collecting her discarded purse before standing, Apolline quickly backtracked her way through the maze of alleys until she was at the starting point across from the café she rested at not ten minutes before. Her blue eyes snapped back and forth, taking in every inch of cobblestone and brick; every leaf on the ground and colour filled paint work. Like a soldier going into battle the Veela woman calculated every step and each movement; noting the higher number of people walking the pavement she quickly found a hideaway behind a wall. With the coast clear she apparited from the small street to the hotel she resided in for her stay; mindful that the child would not be used to such travel Apolline decided the entrance to the building was close enough. Her instincts were spot on, no sooner had they landed safely the child started to cry out in displeasure; heavy tears falling down reddening cheeks. The mother of one gently pressed the child into her breast as her powerful strides took her through the hotel lobby. No mind was given to the watchful eyes following her; some in sympathetic worry while others blatantly scowling at the distraught noise maker and the mother who could not handle her own child. They only stopped when an intense atmosphere suddenly dropped with each step of the distracted woman; bodies reacted automatically in fear from the threatening predator they challenged unknowingly. "Shhh petit. Je suis là" Apolline tried her best to release her pheromones over the child; a defense mechanism Veela's used to help control their surroundings but her own feelings of distraught were battling against the ones wanting the child to know safety. "'Ow could someone just leave a child out zere in ze cold. It is not exactly warm and ze colder mon'zs are closing. Oh my poor babe" the French born didn't notice her stumble into the English language as she entered her high-tale suite and tossed aside her bag like it was nothing. "Alright ma petit. Let's get you warmed up oui? Elf!" after the strong call Apolline waited until the familiar crack was heard. "Did the Madam call for an elf?" a squeaky voice called from her left; standing beside the large bed that served the witch well, was a house-elf of small stature. While most of the creatures wore used dishtowels for attire, this one was dressed in more appealing actual clothes, most likely for being present among the magical guests of the hotel. "Oui, I need a small ba'z in 'ere for my babe. I also need food. Whatever you 'ave for a new-born will do. Bring it quickly" Apolline spoke fast but politely. She was never one to disrespect another magical creature; be it mighty or small. "Of course Madam. Nash will bring only the best for the child" the elf disappeared with another crack; the sound of which had the small one crying again. The mother of one looked down with distress upon the wailing baby with understanding. "I know; you are 'ungry and cold. I will fix it. I promise ma petit. I promise" gently placing the squirming bundle onto the lavish bed to slowly and carefully undo the mass of blankets keeping the child protected from the outside elements. The fabric was woollen, the thickness enough to fight the cooler temperatures but it was the only thing the poor infant was wrapped in and given the time of year, if Apolline had not found the box when she did; there would be no child to save. "So you are a little fille. I 'zought so" soft blue eyes gazed down at the fleshy squirming jumble of limbs. A smile wove its way across her features when two small tear-filled orbs peaked open. Brown; they reminded the witch of the delicately made bon-bon's her daughter loved to indulge in every Sunday afternoon after dinner. They were gentle, pure and unyielding as they soaked in every inch and detail of her face. Chubby hands waved about in a silent symphony of music while her fingers clenched into tight fists. Her colour was returning after her bout of emotion and when the familiar crack sounded, there wasn't even a flinch. "The bath is ready for Madam, Nash has also brought assortment of food for the little one" the elf had returned with the requests. A small oval tub was sitting in the open floor space filled with water while a trolley carrying covered platters sat near a dresser on Apolline's left. Upon a lower level of the trolley the witch saw neatly piled baby blankets, towels, bottles and diapers; the elf went beyond commands. "Merci. 'Zis is exactly what I need" the Veela woman gently removed the hat to place aside before sliding her hands under the baby with practised ease. Moving in a swift but gentle motion she moved the girl from the bed to the tub. "Is there anything else Nash may get Madam, or the young one?" the polite creature didn't move from his spot by the trolley only bowing his head in respect. His eagerness betrayed his want of service through voice. "Oui, zere is. I need an owl sent to my room. I 'ave an urgent letter to send to ze Ministry zat must be received today" "Of course. Nash will fetch our fastest owl for you Madam" with a snap of his fingers Nash was gone. Apolline smiled down to her little pink squirmy baby. Taking care to kneel on the floor gently and with practiced ease she removed her long sleeved coat before testing the temperature of the water. "Perfect. You will enjoy zis ma petit. A nice warm ba'z to cheer you up" blue softened as she watched brown eyes take in what was happening around her. As soon as the girl was placed into the warm liquid her legs started kicking and her arms waving back and forth, the feel obviously confusing her yet soothing at the same time. With a hand still firmly on the child's upper back, keeping her upright with her arm support her head, Apolline used her free hand to move the water around, letting it climb over soft skin in waves and bringing forth a small smile upon pink lips. The girl had no name, she had no parents and as of that moment no future but all of that didn't seem to matter. She was safe,