"Marriage isn't between a man and a woman, but between love and love." -Frank Ocean The two women stand on the dance floor with their arms around each other in the middle of the bar, listening to the music vibrate off the walls and reverberate against their skin, pressed together. The one with the dark hair sways her hips, one hand against the slender girl's back and the other tangled in her flaxseed hair that cascades down in messy waves. Her lips mouth words into the blonde woman's ear, singing the song that plays through the speakers in the musky room. The blonde woman has both arms secured around the taller one's waist, cradling her body and at the same time pulling her impossibly close to achieve the feeling of unity, totally inseparable from each other. Even in the awkward silences between when one song stops and the other begins, they dance together as if they were the only people in the whole city, as if they had the whole world to themselves, moving to the music that generates within themselves from just the other woman's presence. Each hold their inamorata with such reverence and love that it exudes from their bodies in nearly tangible waves of energy: holy. Pure. Languid. Even with the gyrations, the salacious sheen of sweat clinging to breasts and foreheads, the hands and high-heeled feet that is to be expected of a Rabelaisian bar atmosphere such as this, the two women stand out in the crowd. A charged radius is left around them, where it is impossible for the other people in the dim-lit building to go without feeling uncomfortably out of place, sensing the intoxicating, tempestuous aura of the couple. A spark is ignited between the two women, body to body, hand to hand, cheek to cheek, heart to heart. Flames burn through their veins instead of blood. There is heat. There is heat, and the two women continue to move on the dance floor unhurriedly. And when the blonde presses her lips to the brunette's neck, the hollow just below her jaw, the air escapes the darker girl's lungs and she can't think. Her eyes shut. She sees flashes of deep, rich colors beneath her eyelids. And her hands find their way under her shirt, pressed flat, the crevice of the lean girl's spine humming against her palm. They are impassioned. "I could dance forever with you, Katniss," Peeta whispers into her lover's neck, lips brushing against earthy skin. Katniss's arms encircle around her closer, fingers trailing against her bare body, raising familiar goosebumps in their wake, pressing the woman's hipbones into her own. Stomach against stomach, ribs against ribs, breasts against breasts, they are the same being. They fit together. "I love you," the taller girl murmurs into her golden hair. "I love you, Peeta." Katniss revels in the feeling of being held by the woman she loves, by the woman who loves her with all her soul, intoxicated by her scent, her laugh, her muscles, her freckles. She's hooked. She finds paradise when she is with her. And here the two are, holding each other, finding paradise in the middle of a sea of heterosexuality. They disregard the frowns directed at them and the not-as-inconspicuous-as-the-homophobes-had-thought pointing. The young women's hearts dance together as their feet do, in the sex-saturated room, ignoring everything but themselves. Their pulses mimic their eyes as they flit over each others faces, a gentle smirk resting on Peeta's perfect pink lips. Fingers intertwine with fingers, arms raise into the air, a victory stance in celebration of them , thumbs brush, tongues flick out to wet lips. And there is always eye contact, heated and so alive. Power runs between the two, around their ankles like a brisk autumn breeze, swirling up the leaves of morning kisses, coffee breath, Friday pizza nights, slow dancing in the middle of the street, drinking hot chocolate out of wine glasses, sharing mittens on cold winter days. The smiles that play upon their lips could make flowers grow. Peeta draws back from their embrace slightly to run a hand through her honey tresses, still crimped slightly from the braid she had it in the night before, further exaggerating their natural waves. Her hair frames her thin, delicate face and falls past her athletic and somehow- in a way that Katniss has always found somewhat enticing- simultaneously feminine shoulders, toned arms, down to her narrow waist. The loose-fitting top she wears right now covers the strong muscle of her upper body that she developed through years of hauling bags of flour and crates around the bakery that she now owns. Peeta flutters her fingers quickly as they run through her hair, trying to untangle a knot at the bottom, and scrunches her face. A laugh rumbles in Katniss's chest as she places a small kiss on her wrinkled nose. She glances up at Katniss, her eyes flitting just a fraction of a second until resting, preoccupied, back to the tangled split ends of her hair. Katniss wishes she hadn't looked away; she wishes she never would. Peeta's eyes hypnotize the people she speaks to, rimmed with thick eyelashes that make them even more distinctive. And when she smiles at you, this quality of her is awoken that makes it unthinkable to hate her; Katniss swears that at least five guys she passes on the street every day fall for her, just from simply flashing her teeth at them. Being with her is like wrapping yourself in the comforter that is too big for you the second it has come out of the dryer and feeling home as you inhale the homey scent of fresh cotton and warm detergent. Being with her is like running your hand through your hair immediately after you've woken up, only to be surprised by the complete and utter lack of tangles in it and the ease at which your fingers run through the silken strands. Being with her is like... seeing the first blossom of spring. And smelling the crispness of the air that had departed for the winter, clear and fair anew. It really is too bad you're gay, Katniss would joke. 'Cause you've got those guys hook, line, and sinker. They don't even have a chance, Peeta would reply, pulling her girlfriend close and rubbing her arm up and down casually. Especially when they're competing with you. The best thing is that with Peeta, her smiles are always genuine. She's the kind of girl who doesn't even have a clue about how much she means to people. Peeta smiles and leaves everyone in her wake feeling happy, leading a better day because they know that she sincerely cares about those around her. Optimism, compassion, generosity. Katniss can never wrap her mind around why such a perfect girl as Peeta would want to be with such an ordinary, even subpar, girl as her. It is astounding, mind blowing, a miracle. Before Peeta, Katniss hadn't even put it together that she was different from all the other girls around her. Peeta had been there for her when Katniss was racking her brain for reasons as to why she could possibly have possessed romantic feelings for all her previous boyfriends and still had the capacity to love Peeta, a remarkable person, but a girl . She helped her cope with the fact that maybe some people wouldn't like her for who she was or who she chose to love, and that that's okay. That is something people like us just have to learn to live with, she would say. People like us, Katniss would ponder. Is there really such a strict definition of what, who we are? Are we all truly exactly one thing? Neither thought so then, and neither do now, but the fact remains that the majority of the population- the straight population- did. And Peeta was patient with her. Most of all, the sweet girl, all smiles and honey hair, was the catalyst that helped the girl with the braids come to terms with and learn to feel pride in who she is and was. Now, in this moment, Peeta tilts her head and plants a soft kiss on Katniss's lips. "I love you," she whispers back, her voice cracking in the middle of the sentence, leaving her chuckling as her warm breath mingles with Katniss's. "And I particularly love you in that dress," she murmurs into the hollow of her neck. "You always say that," she smirks as her lover slips her slender hands into the craftily hidden pockets inside the folds of Katniss's short, loose dress. As her girlfriend moves, Katniss gets a whiff of her scent, her trademark Peeta smell: the rich, wholesome scent of flour and a certain delicate aroma that reminds Katniss of spring dandelions. She breathes in deeply, filling her lungs to their complete capacity, not wanting to have it be replaced with the sticky scent of the bar. (And also, admittedly, getting her fill of eau de Peeta. She might be slightly addicted.) Katniss moves her arms down to meet Peeta's, rubbing circles with her thumbs over her bare wrists. "Only because it's always true." How matter-of-fact. Always, indeed. "I'm going to go get some beer. Want me to grab you an IPA?" Peeta asks, her nose wrinkling slightly as she eyes the less-than-modest movements of their surrounding company. "Yeah, sure. Thanks, P." Katniss presses a quick kiss to her knuckles as she draws her hands out of her pockets and goes to wait by a corner booth as the golden-headed girl's hips sway lightly all the way over to the counter, where the bartender runs back and forth from the cooler to the taps. Katniss makes her way sedately to the booth, weaving through pairs of sweat stains and beer goggles as if they were photocopied. As she tries to get around one exceptionally physical couple a young man brushes past Katniss, his shoulder bumping abruptly against hers, throwing her arm across her body roughly. The corners of her lips drag down. "Dyke," he mutters maliciously, just under his breath enough for it to go unnoticed by those around them, but loud enough for Katniss to hear him clearly. The jolt unnerved her and she clenched her fists, shoving them back deep into her pockets to keep from acting out in a way that very well could get her and her girlfriend kicked out of the bar. Bigot, she muses about calling back, mocking him. Watch out, I might endanger your family values. Don't get too close, it's contagious! She does not say anything though, and she lets the man walk away with his big ignorant ego, thinking he righted the world of another wrong. Only a handful of seconds later, Peeta comes back with her seasonal pumpkin ale and Katniss's IPA. "I got one homophobe over here. You?" "I was honored to be the recipient of various glares and one stool-scoot away from me," she brushes a stray strand of gossamer hair out of her face and flicks her eyes over to her girlfriend for a brief moment. "I had the pleasure of hearing yet another completely original gay slur," Katniss states as she puts the bottle to her lips. "I think I win this time," Peeta mumbles. And the two young women lean up against the booth people watching, one hand holding their chilled, deep brown tinted glass bottles and the other holding each others, fingers intertwined and thumbs casually running against against their skin, against each other. They clink the hips of their beer bottles together and exchange a quick smile before they begin pointing subtly and making up humorous conversations between scantily-clad women and their male rubbing posts. Sneaking a glance at her inamorata, Peeta has a hard time swallowing as her cheeks refuse to stop grinning, her lips pulled tight in a broad smile around the mouth of the thick glass. "Gender preference