A/N: Disclaimer – JK Rowling is the genius that owns Harry Potter and who keeps ruining my next gen head canons. A big thank you to DaftDruid, who so kindly volunteered to be the Beta of this story and worked meticulously to make this chapter run far smoother than anything my editing skills are capable of. If you find yourself here and you have not read The Revolt: Volume I, I highly recommend you go do that now. Enjoy! — CHAPTER ONE— The cavernous kitchen was plainer than the original Order members remembered it to be. The tiled floor was dirty with neglect and the sink was bare. As Ginny swept around the table dominating the room, she directed her wand at the fireplace, setting a blaze dancing. The red flames reflected off the iron pots and pans hanging from the ceiling above, and lit up her flaming red hair. She walked around the length of the table, squeezing past those who were forced to stand (namely Hagrid) and sat beside her husband, clutching his hand tightly, out of sight, under the table top. Ron and Hermione sat a few places away. Hermione was poised with the quill and parchment she usually used for notes. They gave Harry a look before resuming their conversation in low murmurs. Most of the room had been talking reservedly, but had fallen silent when Ginny sat. "I'm sorry we had to postpone this meeting," Harry began. "We needed to get our situation sorted." "You don't need to apologise," Katie cut in, from where she stood beside Angelina and George. "You've had a bounty on your head." "Still. Two weeks is quite a delay," Harry frowned. "And I left you all in the lurch." "Stop being so morose, Mister Undesirable Number One," George replied, rolling his eyes. "Let's get on with the meeting." Harry studied the group assembled. It was the largest it had ever been in number. There were the familiar faces—his friends, like Seamus and Dean, Dennis Creevey and Parvarti Patil, Katie Bell and Lee Jordan, Hannah and Neville. They were all looking at Harry with expectation in their eyes, the way they had on that very first day in fifth-year at the Hog's Head. He felt very young, very green. His eyes met with Neville, remembering that it was he, Ginny and Luna who had led the rebellion at Hogwarts during their last year, during the final hurrah of Dumbledore's Army. A sudden pang hit his chest, and he leaned into Ginny's shoulder, Neville grimacing at him in understanding before looking away. They were missing one in their number. Of course, the familiar faces were mixed with the familial faces. A row of flaming haired Weasleys were either sitting or standing in various points around the room, along with their spouses; everyone from eighteen year old Fred and Molly—he with his burly shoulders and dark serious face, and she with her chipped black nail polish and bleached hair—to the elderly Molly Weasley, a knitted shawl draped around her shoulders. Teddy sat a few seats away, his hands resting on the table in front of him, his eyes determined and protective. Remus' eyes, Harry thought. The youngest ones, old enough to join the Order, but hardly even adults… It scared him, seeing faces so young around this table once again. A few of his former professors and colleagues were there too, Kingsley Shacklebolt and Minerva McGonagall and a handful of others, and under their gaze, he felt even younger. Only a few weeks ago, he had almost been killed by a goblin who had taken his place in the Ministry. In a way, the event had set his nerves on fire. He had been underestimating the enemy for far too long and it was time for action. "We're officially underground," he began. "This will be our Headquarters." "Charming," Seamus said, looking around the room. "Like what you've done with the place, Harry." A rat scurried from the pantry across to the stairs and Ginny aimed a well-timed Stunning Spell its way. Parvarti squealed while Seamus erupted with laughter. "We try to jazz things up best as we can," Ginny said, winking at her old housemates. Harry ignored the rat on the floor. A part of him was convinced he would need the help of house-elves to straighten out the place. "I wanted to begin with making our cover story clear—that is, the Potter's cover story," Harry started. "Let me do it," Ginny interrupted, sanding up. "I mean, I thought it up." "This'll be good," Bill mumbled to George. Fleur shushed them. "Firstly, regarding our domestic situation I will be living with the kids at our house in Ottery St. Catchpole for as long as possible. Harry will stay here. This place is unplottable, so it's our best hiding spot from both the Ministry and the goblins. As for our cover story, Harry is supposedly on the run—" "On the run where?" George asked. "Spain, for all I care," Ginny replied. "Brazil. Haiti. It doesn't matter. We want to make it seem like he's gone pretty far, too, to throw off the Elite Squad's scent." "We also want it to sound believable," Percy added. "So perhaps not Haiti." "I dunno, Harry could do with a tan," Ron remarked. "We'll sort out the finer details later. According to this cover-story, I have no idea where my husband is, so I ought to be convincingly unaware," Ginny said, silencing her brothers with a look. "For that matter, none of us have any idea where he is. And none of us knew he was behind the goblin assassination attempts, but we will act as if we believe the Ministry's story. We are as shocked and horrified as the rest of the world. I am the bereaved wife whose husband turned out to be a deranged assassin. Ron and Hermione are persisting with the rumour that Harry had a falling out with them after Ron was made Head Auror. As far as the public is concerned, we all think Harry is guilty, and if anyone asks, that's what we tell them." "I can' say tha'," Hagrid interrupted, aghast. "He's one o'the best men I know! I can' say he's gone an' tried ter kill some goblin thug. Harry wouldn't do tha' in a million years." "It's for the cover story, Hagrid," McGonagall growled, her lips disappearing into an impatient, thin line. "If any of us truly believed Harry is guilty, we would not be sitting in this room." "Which brings me to my next point," Harry said, looking directly at Neville. "We need Luna." The room was uneasy, especially among his old Dumbledore's Army comrades. Seamus and Dean both ducked their heads. Hannah sighed. "I've spoken to her twice about it Harry, and she won't budge," Neville explained, his expression crumpling. "She's backing Gladstone the whole way, and she's still pro-goblin." "Rolf isn't much better to argue with," Hannah added, biting her lip. "He may be wary of the goblins, but he's completely behind Gladstone." Harry was quiet for a minute. He studied the wood grain to avoid the weight of their collective gaze. "She thinks I'm guilty, doesn't she?" "She hasn't said that," Neville said quickly. "But she thinks I'm behind the assassinations. It's why she's not here and it's why we haven't spoken for the last six months." Harry slipped his fingers under his glasses, rubbing his tired eyes. No one had it in them to say anything contrary. Ginny spoke with her usual crispness, leaning forward to catch Neville's eye "I'll get Luna—I'll make sure she joins. I know how Luna's head works, and she's my oldest friend." Neville seemed content with this, so Harry relented and Ginny sat back in her chair. Somehow, the idea of having Dumbledore's Army reassembled gave Harry a new source of courage. From so long ago—more than twenty years ago–their personal resistance was still going. What had Rita Skeeter once dubbed them? The Demob? He couldn't help but grin at this, before wiping a hand over his mouth to stifle the smile. "We have a lot to get through this meeting, so it's best we start right away—" "Wait," the young Molly Weasley spoke out, her brown eyes wide and heavily blackened by makeup, half hidden behind a pair of frameless glasses. Her hand hovered in the air, as if she was asking a question at school. The entire room was still, all eyes turning to her. "I'm not asking because I doubt you, Harry, but before we get into the heavy duty stuff, what exactly happened that day at the Ministry?" "Molly!" "Oh, c'mon, mum, don't give me that look. I think we ought to know the whole story," Molly shot at Audrey. "You don't have any right to question your uncle," Percy scolded. "No, it's fine," Harry ran his hand through his messy black hair, thinking how to best condense the story. "She's right." He looked right into the face of his niece, where her freckles were hidden beneath her makeup. He smiled a little. Molly had always been the most wild of the lot, refusing to be tamed by her parents or any one for that matter. Even now, both her hands were balled into fists on the table top. Harry launched into the story, starting first with his meeting in the Goblin Liaison Office with Grigarex, his suspicion that he was about to be poisoned. Garrett Cresswell's timely arrival, but the feeling that he was not himself, Harry's fear that he is now under the Imperius. As he reached the end of the recount, his pulse picked up. The memory of the claustrophobic elevator, the scuffle and the narrowly avoided green beams of the Killing Curse made his heart skip. Selgrut the Sly's assassination attempt didn't feel real. He had underestimated the goblins completely. It couldn't happen again. Molly nodded once, relaxing back into her chair. However, a few of the people around the room who were hearing this story for the first time were stunned by the recount. Dennis Creevey had looked particularly mortified at the fact that one of his Ministry colleagues seemed to be under the Imperius. "I know that's a bit to take in, but we need to move on. Now; there are a lot of us here, which is good. This is not a war where two sides are fighting. We have a lot of different enemies, so we need different groups to take care of different operations. For many of these, we're still pretty much in the dark, but we will work with what we know. I'll have Ron talk you through the first." Ron nodded curtly and addressed the group rather frankly, as if they were in an Auror meeting. "Gladstone's basically created a dictatorship. Soon, he'll have no political opposition. It's why he's removed all the Aurors and why he's practically decimated the Wizenmongt. Our first objective is to figure out his weaknesses before the goblins do, and exploit them." Kingsley Shacklebolt lips contorted into a grimace. He spoke up from the other end of the room, his voice as slow and measured as ever. "Gladstone was my Senior Undersecretary, he was my protégée. When the time for elections drew near, I knew he would be vying for my position." Here, he looked directly to the golden trio on the other end of the table. "I always considered my ideologies on the moderate left, as Ms Granger knows. Gladstone…Gladstone has become the Stalin to my Trotsky." Half the room didn't catch the reference. "It was my fault that I did not try to stop him sooner. But I never fully grasped the extent of his character and ambitions until he was already campaigning. He was a Hufflepuff in his Hogwarts career; when he worked under me, he was quite preoccupied with non-human rights and obsessed with eliminating systematic inequality. He did not appear to be the sort