1. Play with my truck, I play with your heart. Set in Eclipse when Bella tries to go to La Push, but Edward tampers with her truck. "Edward, you'll regret the day you decided to play with something that doesn't belong to you." Hello guys! Ah I've been sick and I had a Twilight marathon and realised how much I've missed writing Twilight fanfics and such- so anyway, I was watching New Moon and remembered in Eclipse when Bella is about to go and drive to La Push, but Edward tampers with her truck so she can't go. So I got this idea, and I hope you guys enjoy it. Play with my truck, I play with your heart. Chapter 1. Bella's POV: With Jacob's note sitting in my back pocket, I finally decided to fix the mess I had made. The house was submerged in darkness, not a single light on, all apart from the porch light behind me. I power walked to my rusty red Chevvy and shivered slightly as I opened the door and slid inside, finally slamming the door shut behind me. My hand turned the key in the ignition, my foot double pumped the clutch- but nothing, only a pathetic splutter. The truck wouldn't start. Wind suddenly entered the cab and the door soon shut, causing a gasp to leave my lips as I turned my head. Edward sat beside me, his hand resting against the door and his head ducked a little. "You scared me." I breathed. "You're going down to the reservation" He stated. I furrowed my eyebrows and stared at him. "How did you...Alice." I inwardly groaned. Alice had seen my future disappear and decided to tell Edward. Great. His eyes were dark, angry. I clenched my fists and glared at Edward, soon realising why my truck wasn't working. "Hey, did you do this to my truck?" Edward sighed quietly, his face full of regret. "Bella you have to understand, your safety is everything to me." He whispered. "Jacob's not gonna hurt me." I explained, trying to reason with him. "Not intentionally, but the wolves have no control." "THEY have no control? They don't attack me if I start bleeding!" I half-shouted. Edward's eyes flashed in anger, his body moving away from mine. A part of me wanted to apologise to him, reach out and let him know I was sorry and I didn't mean it- but the other side of me was grinning like a Cheshire Cat, because it was true; the truth was Edward was a killer, it was pure instinct for a vampire to kill. I rolled my eyes and opened the truck door and slid out, slamming the door behind me and leaving Edward inside by himself. "Bella, don't even think about it." Edward warned. So much for him being inside the truck. I ignored him and started walking faster, knowing the odds of me escaping were slim to none; but that didn't mean I wasn't going to at least try and attempt to escape. His footsteps were barely audible behind me as I continued walking faster and faster, my feet splashing in roadside puddles. "Bella, this is ridiculous. Come home. Now." His voice was dark, dominant almost. I shook my head and started running, swining my arms and pushing forward in order to gain speed. The air whistled as Edward effortlessly sped after me. My breath came out in a whimper as I realised I just did something that no human should do. Never run from a vampire. I had no idea how long it'd take me to run to La Push, and considering my poor level of fitness I probably wouldn't make it there at all. But as soon as I was over the La Push line I would be safe from the Cullens, because they couldn't cross the treaty line. And Edward knew it. As I panted and whimpered and made my way to La Push, Edward never once tried to touch me- he only followed in my shadow at a crazy speed. My conscience begged me to turn back, slow down and hope Edward would understand and forgive me. Yet I had no intention of stopping until I was passed the treaty line. I had no clue how long I'd been running, or even how far I'd gone- but I knew it was almost pitch black outside. There were no cars, no motorcycles either, but only the dim light of the moon and lights from the few houses in the area. After a while I could finally see the border to La Push, it was almost as if it was illuminated with neon lights so I would know of its destination. Edward made no attempt to stop me, but I expected him to wait until I was an inch away from the border before he finally grabbed me and carried me home kicking. 10- I was at least twenty metres away from the borderline. 9- My breath was coming out in quick puffs. 8- My hair fell around my face in a thick curtain of darkness, blocking my vision. 7- I moved my hair out of the way and panted unhealthily. 6- Edward seemed closer then he previously appeared to be. 5- I turned my head back to face forward, swinging my arms forward. 4- 3- Edward's arm reached out in a haste to grab me. 2- My foot was a foot away from touching the borderline. 1- I hurtled forward, throwing myself to the borderline. 0- I crossed the borderline, my knees finally giving way when I was at least five feet from the line and Edward. I rested on my hands and knees, gasping for air and hearing Edward snarl behind me. After a seconds of laboured breathing I finally got back to my feet and jogged, taking a shortcut through the woods in order to reach Jacob's house. Snarled branches whipped at my cheeks and arms, logs sprawled out across the forest floor- waiting for me to trip over them. I stumbled numerous times, my knees being stabbed my various forest debris. The forest soon separated and a gap in the tree line allowed me to see the light emerging from the confines of the little red house across the grass. Tears were running down my face, either tears or trails of blood- I wasn't too sure. My feet felt like lead as I trudged through the soggy grass to get to the house, my hands hanging heavily by my sides. The door was in my sight, only a few more steps. Laughter boomed from inside the house, soon followed by further laughter from various people. The pack was there. My hand pressed up against the wood of the door, my heart pounding in my chest and my breath coming out in wheezing bursts. Few people stopped laughing and footsteps approached. "Who is it? I didn't hear a knock." "Yeah, me neither." The footsteps came to a stop, the front door opened to reveal Jake's illuminated face. I looked up at him and choked slightly. "J-Jake." His face looked horrified as I fell forward, his arms soon reaching out to catch me and pull me into his arms. "Bella!" The room span. People shouted, and more footsteps approached. "Bella. BELLA! What's wrong? Jake-" the person's voice started warping slightly as he finished his sentence, "whaaaaat'sssss happennnnnedddddd?" The room continued to spin, everything grew hotter- and then suddenly...I was floating in an eternal darkness. Jake's POV: Bella's body was limp and hot in my arms as I carried her to my room; flanked by Emily, Embry, Quil and Sam. "What on Earth happened to her?" Emily asked confused. She pulled my sheets back and helped me lay Bella down, adjusting her limbs and head. Embry frowned and wandered closer, his finger tracing over a small cut on Bella's cheek. "She's bleeding." He murmured. "Not to mention, she reeks of leech." Quil retorted. I kneeled at the edge of my bed beside Bella as Emily quickly left to get some water and towels. My hand gently pushed her hair away from her face as I looked at her. "Poor Bells." I whispered. "Do you think she was running from the leech?" Sam asked. I shrugged. "We would have heard her truck just before it hit the border, and considering we didn't hear her truck, we can only assume she walked-" "Plus she's sweating bad, so she probably ran all the way from Forks just to get here." Quil interjected. Embry and Sam nodded in agreement. I raised my head and looked at Sam. "Someone needs to call Charlie...tell him Bella is here." I explained. Sam nodded once and moved out of the doorway as Emily came back through bearing an armful of towels and a bowl of water. "I'll call Charlie and tell him she's here, and I'll ask if the truck is there too." He clarified before leaving the room to find the phone. Emily placed the water on the beside table and dabbed a piece of a towel into the water, soon wringing the cloth a little and dragging the blood from Bella's face. "Quil?" He looked up sleepily. "Hm?" "Get Jared and Paul to patrol the res and the treaty line, don't want any leeches trying to get past. You go with them." Quil pouted and looked at Embry. "Make Em go." He crossed his arms over his chest. "Quil, just go. Don't be a baby." I growled. He finally gave into defeat and trudged out of the room, calling Jared and Paul. Embry soon followed behind him, yawning quietly. I looked down at Bella and sighed quietly. "She'll be okay, Jake. She's just exhausted." Emily said gently, trying to calm me. I nodded and smiled a little, turning to look at her. "Whatever she said or did to him to get chased...can't have been good," I turned back to Bella and took hold of her hand. "I'm proud of her." I added. "Just be glad she made it here in one piece, things could have been a lot worse." Emily wrung out the wet towel, the water soon turning a pale pinkish red. I nodded in agreement and rubbed my eyes with my free hand. Embry coughed gently as he re entered the room, leaning against the doorframe. "Sam called Charlie." He gestured with a half eaten chicken leg. "And what did he say?" I asked, rolling my eyes. "Well, he told Charlie Bella was here and her truck wasn't around- so he guessed she walked here. Charlie said her truck was still in the driveway when he got back from work about ten minutes ago, but he didn't know where she was so he guessed she was at the Cullen's place. He said that Bella was tired and she crashed out almost as soon as she got here, and that Billy said that she can stay the night." Sam quietly sneaked up behind Embry and added: "And because Charlie thinks sooo highly of Jacob here, he immediately allowed Bella to stay the night." I felt my cheeks flush slightly. "Uh...well, uh..." Sam and Embry chuckled at my response. "How's Bella doing, Em?" Embry asked. Emily leaned back on her heels and placed the towel beside the bowl. "She's fine, just tired. I'll give her a few hours before she wakes up, but I'm guessing she'll be kinda jumpy she's finally awake." "Thanks, Emily. You've been a great help." I said quietly. She smiled and nudged my shoulder gently and nodded. Sam barged Embry out of the doorway, causing him to yelp, and walked towards Emily. "We should be going, it's getting late." He clarified. I nodded and squeezed Bella's hand gently. "Thanks guys." Sam nodded and took the bowl from Emily and left the room to dispose of the bloody water. Embry leaned against my dresser and put his hand on his knee, hoovering off the rest of