A/N: Hey babes! This here is an Antonin x Hermione that I've been thinking about a whole lot, so I am excited to finally share it with you. It is based off the movie Leon the Professional, which you might be familiar with because of Gary Oldman's "everyone!" scene, haha. I also got inspiration from the Elliot Moss song, Slip. This will definitely be a darker story than what I usually write, but still not too bad I don't think. Still it is definitely a manipulative and slightly evil Order of the Phoenix, so if you don't like that, I would skip this one. Oh, I should also say in this story, Dumbledore and Sirius didn't die, but Remus did. I think this is going to be about 10 chapters, and I plan on updating about once a week. You can follow me on tumblr (nauticalparamour) where I will post sneak peeks, story updates and answer questions! I would love to hear what you thought of chapter one and please be on the lookout for chapter two soon! At first she had been concerned. Then, annoyed. And finally, just plain angry. No matter how hard Hermione Granger pushed, the Order of the Phoenix wasn't taking the threat the Death Eaters posed to her parents seriously. Headmaster Dumbledore told her not to worry. Mad-Eye Moody told her that they certainly weren't on the Death Eaters radar. "What would they want with a pair of tooth healers in London?" He had groused at her. It was true that the Order fought for the "light" side, and were against the eradication of muggleborns. It was just that...they didn't really give much thought to the muggles that they lived nearly side by side with, worlds never crossing. Except when their worlds did cross. Death Eaters were known to go into the muggle world and kill randomly. It was worse when the muggles were parents to the Hermione Granger, brightest witch of her age with OWLs to match, best friend of Harry James Potter. Harry himself had been so distraught over the death of Remus and then obsessed with following Draco Malfoy that she didn't even try to bother him with her fears about her parents. And Ron...well, they hadn't been speaking for a lot of year six. In the end, she'd decided to go to Professor McGonagall, a woman who had introduced her to being a witch, always supported her through her schooling and difficult decisions. "Oh, dear." Professor McGonagall had said over cooling tea. "Your parents will be perfectly safe, if Headmaster Dumbledore thinks so." She'd returned to her dorm room that night and cried into her pillows. Hermione knew what was coming. She wasn't blind to the changes being made in the wizarding world. Harry and Dumbledore were planning something and she would be there for them, but...her parents were the only family she had, never having been quite welcomed into the Weasley clan like Harry had. And she wasn't just going to let them be overlooked because they were muggles! After her cry, Hermione had gone to the library, naturally. She couldn't bare the thought of her parents being killed just because of something she did. Tortured for information on her whereabouts. Or worse, have someone use legilimancy on them, since they would be powerless to stop it. It was the legilimancy that got her thinking. They couldn't be tortured for information if they didn't have any information on her whereabouts. They would be even better off if they didn't have information about Hermione Granger at all. She started looking at memory charms. The charm was easy enough to perform and she'd even figured out a way to plant a memory in their minds as well. That they'd always wanted to go to Australia. Australia. That should be far enough away from the wizarding world to escape the Death Eaters. And then once the war was over and they were victorious, she could go and find them, and they could be a family again. Or, if the war didn't end well...they would never have to mourn the daughter they never knew they had. Now, though, the day had finally come that Hermione was going to have perform the spell on her parents. She couldn't put it off any longer as the days towards Bill and Fleur's wedding ticked closer. If she was going to remove her parents memories, she couldn't just keep waiting around. Each day that went by was a day closer to that nebulous time when they had to begin looking for horcruxes. She didn't know how much time she had left. Hermione had made a big production about spending her afternoon in the library at Grimmauld Place and how she didn't want to be disturbed. Perhaps because of how volatile her moods had been that summer, no one made any move to dissuade her. Instead of heading to the library after breakfast, though, Hermione stole into the back garden of the townhouse before aparating away to the quiet street her parents lived on. The Order couldn't stop her - she was an adult after all, and she'd gotten her apparition license. Her parents were pleased to have her pop in for an unexpected visit, so happy to have their daughter home that they didn't question her thin appearance and the dark circles under her eyes. She spent the morning cooking with her mother, before sitting and reading with her father on the couch. Then, she told them she was just going to go pack up a few things in her room. Feeling the tears already forming in her eyes, Hermione bounded up the stairs to her room, which was still princess pink. A time capsule of a little girl who didn't know that she was a witch, and was focused on being a ballerina. How far fetched those dreams seemed now, Hermione thought, wiping the tears from her eyes. Outside it was raining quite heavily, the sky a light grey. She sighed. It was as if the world outside was matching the mood that she felt. Hermione knew that this was an impossible decision to make, but she knew that it was also the right decision for her parents. They wouldn't be happy at having their memories taken against their will, but...it was the only option she had, really. A wave of her wand had books and photos stacking neatly, ready to be put in her little beaded bag that held an undetectable extension charm. But, she was quickly side tracked from her task, surprised by the sound of a doorbell. Hermione moved the curtain of her window, only to see Sirius Black and Bill Weasley standing at her doorstep. Cursing her bad luck, Hermione wondered what had alerted them to the fact she wasn't under Order protection. Maybe she could actually convince them that her parents needed protection now that they were here. She scoffed, seeing how they were dressed, in long black robes, not even trying to hide the fact that they were wizards. Blood traitors though they may be, neither wizard had bothered with muggle fashion. Deciding to head them off, Hermione walked to the top of the stairs only to be shocked when one of them blasted the front door off of it's hinges. "Avada Kedavra!" Sirius shouted, hitting her father directly with a killing curse. Hermione shoved her hand in her mouth so that she wouldn't scream, pushing herself back, hoping that they wouldn't see her. Sirius had just killed her father! Why would he do that? Moving into the home, Bill set the door to rights, while Sirius went in hunt of her mother. Soon a similar jet of green from the kitchen was echoing off the walls, alerting Hermione to the fact that her mother was dead as well. Were these doppelgangers? Death Eaters under polyjuice, trying to cause confusion within the Order? "I don't like doing this." Bill said, watching as Sirius levitated the body of Hermione's mother into the kitchen. "Hermione has been so focused lately." Sirius dropped her mother without care or concern. "You heard Dumbledore. Harry needs Hermione's full attention and worrying about her parents will distract her. This will put her more firmly on our side, if she thinks her parents were killed by Death Eaters. She will have no one left, except Harry." Hermione slumped to the ground, careful not to make any sound while her body shook in violent sobs. She couldn't believe that the Order was conspiring against her in this way. She knew that Dumbledore manipulated people to get what he wanted - to do what was right for the greater good - but she didn't know that it stretched into murder! And she couldn't believe that Sirius and Bill would agree to go along with it. She had admired them both so much. "Now help me cut them up a bit - we want it to look like a real Death Eater attack." Sirius said, before mumbling cutting hexes and spells. Hermione thought that she was going to be sick right there, but she couldn't alert the two men to her presence here. She didn't think that they would kill her, but she couldn't be positive either. She didn't want them to know that she'd stumbled onto their staging of a crime scene. "Mosmorde!" Bill called, leaving the Dark Mark floating over her house, just before the two men apparated away. Hermione peeked over the top of the stairs and all she could see was blood, dark red and everywhere. She felt her stomach roil in revulsion at the sight, bile swirling in her stomach, before coming up, up. Hermione lurched to her feet, just barely making it to the toilet before she threw up. She felt so betrayed. And she'd done absolutely nothing to stop them! It had been too late for her father, but she could have at least gotten to her mother in time. Reaching a hand up, she wiped at her face, body wracked by sobs. It felt as if she was spiraling out of control. Of course, she came today to say goodbye to her parents, but she never expected them to meet such a violent end. Shaking, she knew that she couldn't just return to Grimmauld Place as she'd planned to earlier that day. She could never return to those people, who had thought so little of her parents that they could kill them without batting an eyelash. If she was forced to return there now, she just knew that she would go berserk and… Hermione stood up from her spot on the floor. Even if she couldn't go to Grimmauld Place, she did need to get out of here now. She wasn't supposed to be here and she couldn't be waiting here when her parents lay dead in the living room. Suspicion would fall on her immediately and the Dark Mark floating above the house was sure to attract aurors sooner rather than later, especially since it was in a muggle neighborhood. Gripping her wand tightly in her hand, she thought of a place that no one would even consider looking for her. It was only when she was standing in the alley that she realized she'd left everything - even her little beaded bag - in her bedroom. Cursing under her breath, she reached in her pocket, glad to find at least a little bit of money. Enough that she could get a room tonight. She couldn't exactly go back to her home now, but perhaps tomorrow it would be safer. The rain was coming down quite heavily now, threatening to soak through her jumper. Wrapping her arms around her body, she ducked into the closest pub. She needed a drink and to sort out her whirling thoughts. Antonin Dolohov was having a rather boring day. Although Dumbledore hadn't been killed, when Severus Snape removed him from the school by throwing him off