March 20 th , 2005 The burning stops. For long seconds, that is the only thing I am aware of. Next comes the sound of rushing water, all around and above. After that, there is the feeling of it surrounding me. It seeps into my ears, weights my hair. There is fabric on my skin that now clings uncomfortably. Somewhere in this same room there is a female whimpering in agony. It is this that makes my eyes fly open at last. Time seems to stand still as my brain comprehends what I am seeing in milliseconds; a metal roof with metal beams, pipes that gush water onto every available surface, metal walls, and a large industrial door featuring a broken padlock chain. In another millisecond I have pushed up onto my elbow. I'm wearing a skintight, soaked red dress. This is the sight that triggers what remains of my memory. " Just stuff her in the back and let's go-" " We can't, the other one is in the trunk-" Muffled screams coming from the back of a sedan. " Sedate her, then. We have to go." An endless road, a hazy feeling in my mind… two hooded figures in the driver and passenger seats. " Let's see how healed this leg is… oh, look! Not at all!" After this, there is only pain and bright red blood; my blood. They break every bone, lacerate every inch of available skin. Next to me, the girl that had been in the trunk is hanging from the ceiling by her arms in heavy chains; she screams while a vampire drags its teeth through her abdomen, taking chunks of flesh with it. I flinch away from the brutality of the muddy human memory. It is the only memory I have so far, and I am happy to tuck it away. Ah; this writhing new vampire, her heartbeat already fading fast, is that other girl then. " They're going to kill us." The drugs are fading from my system. They stopped for supplies in a large city. The lights are blinding to my unfocused eyes. Her knee is dislocated; neither of us can run. " I know," she cries. Her fingers find mine. We hold on until they force us apart. After the last flash of memory is over, I move to crawl to the other girl when a piece of paper pinned to old machinery directly above me catches my eye. It is damp and the typed words are smeared from all this water. The water gets higher and higher every second. It is very distracting. Still, I am able to force myself to focus long enough to read the blurred words. Your name is Isabella. Well, that solves that, then. Not a bad name, as far as names on mysterious notes go. A high-pitched shriek sounds from the other side of the flooded warehouse. The other girl is down a flight of stairs, thrashing about in waist-deep water. She is still chained, but the metal shows signs of wear. It will not be difficult to break those. Her heartbeat has accelerated; I know from experience that this is arguably the most painful part of the transition, and the last. It seems to only take a thought, and I am there next to her. I break the chains first, tearing them to bits easily. Her wrists come free as she falls. I cradle her, holding her tight to stop her thrashing as her heart beats its last. I manage to catch the note pinned to her chains before it floats away. Your name is Bree. "Bree?" I ask tentatively. Waking is disorienting. Will she attack me? "Bree, can you hear me?" Her eyes open; they are a striking red, with pupils blacker than night. It is only then that I notice she is dressed in an identical red dress. She's young, around fifteen or so. How old was I? Am I older? Oh, no. Hopefully I'm not younger than her. I'm taller, but only barely. We're both small. I'm distracted from these thoughts by her snarl. "Where are they?" "Who?" " Them . The ones who did this to us." "Gone. They left these." I hand her the notes. She's fast, faster than me, even, when she twirls out of my grip and lands delicately at the top of the stairs. She glares at the damp papers, then mashes them into tiny balls. When she throws them, they dent the metal on the other side of the warehouse. "All I remember is that man-vamp torturing us," she spits, clearly furious. Something seems to occur to her then. She looks me up and down, comparing our outfits, our sizes, the way I had been doing before. "You're Isabella. I'm Bree. But what are we?" "Vampires," I say instantly. I don't have to think about the decision to speak. It's an odd feeling. My voice sounds like bells. She snorts humorlessly. " Well then . God, I'm thirsty. All this water is blocking out my sense of smell, though." I want to question how either of us know of the existence of vampires; humans probably generally do not. There seems to be some sort of context that our subconscious minds are aware of that we are not. I want to know how our new instincts seem to instantly correlate to our rational thought process. There is so much to learn. First I have to focus. What are Bree and I? Friends? Had we known each other before? I think of the vampires that turned us prying our hands apart. They had to break our fingers to do it. "I think…." I say slowly, trying to sort out what I feel for this girl, "I think we're sisters ." She raises one skeptical eyebrow; other than our build, we don't have much in common. Underneath the icing of pale, hard skin, she's darker than my own snow-white skin. My hair is dark brown with a reddish tint, where hers is nearly black. I can't quite remember my face, but I'm sure there are more differences there. Still, she eventually nods. "Yes. Sisters feels right." I nod back. Together, we turn and look at the door. There is no discussion or outward decision. First we are in the warehouse, and then we are rushing out of it with all the water. Neither of us are wearing shoes; I find myself grateful for it as we run, instinctively navigating the dark forested swamp we've found ourselves in. It doesn't feel as though we have run far; we make it to a large city in no time. A sign in one of the run-down out-skirting neighborhoods reads Welcome to New Orleans . We glance at each other. It is pure luck that we haven't seen a human. We wordlessly agree to hold our breaths. The burning in my throat only intensifies as we blur past house after house, business after business. Finally I can no longer stand it. I need to drink ; my throat is on fire, my nostrils ache, and my muscles feel tight, as though they need more fuel. I sprint into the first open business I see; it seems to be some sort of seedy bar, open into the wee hours of the morning. I sense Bree follow me. Everything afterwards is a blur. When I am sated, I drop the last body. Between the two of us, Bree and I did fairly well. Between approximately twenty-three people in the bar, she had ten and I had thirteen. There is a vague feeling of unease and remorse somewhere inside me, but mostly I am full. Blood coats my hands, my cheek, splatters dot my bare legs. Bree looks much the same; she tears a strip off the bottom of her satiny dress to wipe her mouth off. We light the bar on fire before we run. We don't make it far; we have to skirt traffic, lights, cameras, humans. Soon we get the sense that we're being followed. "Where are they? Do you think it's them? I can't smell them or I'll get thirsty again. What do they smell like, anyway?" Bree asks in a whispered rush as we run, careful not to inhale. "I don't-" I try to answer, but am abruptly cut off by another vampire slamming into my right side. The woman pins me by the shoulders to the wall. I am stronger, but she is older and far more experienced; she's definitely more controlled, and she knows what she's doing. She holds me with a practiced hand as I snap with my teeth, struggle, and snarl. Bree squeals across the alley, also pinned by a man. A man and a woman tortured us, turned us. Are they really just going to destroy us? It is too late that I realize I've questioned them out loud. The two share a glance; they have our blood red eyes. Faster than even my newborn-vampire brain can comprehend, they've carried us struggling all the while in the opposite direction from which we came. I take in blurred glittering buildings, cars that move very slowly compared to us, and then trees. The smell of mud, plants, and animals is almost overwhelming. There is something fresh and at once old in the air here; I decide I like it very much. The woman drags me through more water. This water is dirtier and heavy. It clings to the dried blood and my dress. I have stopped struggling, but Bree is still spitting and snarling. She seems to struggle with control more than I do. "Do not destroy this place," the woman hisses threateningly. She raises one eyebrow at me, catching my eyes, trying to make sure I understand. I lift my chin; she lets me go. I retreat as fast as I can to the corner. In one moment, I am next to this strange woman, and less than a second later I am across the room. It is enough to make me pause and consider how I got there. Vampirism will take some getting used to, it seems. Bree is free, standing still but in a defensive stance, hurling curses and accusations at our new set of kidnappers. It gives me a moment to look around. It takes only that moment to catalog the house; it is a mix of wood and brick, old plaster and fading wallpaper. The nineteenth century decor meets several modern amenities. Portraits hang on the walls; antique furniture blends with rustic chandeliers and wide, open windows. It seems to be a very nice home. Photographs of the two vampires reside in tidy corners, on the retro refrigerator's door, and in small frames. Out the window is a swampy bayou; the house is moderately sized, raised on a wooden platform that doubles as a porch. I look down and see water through the thin cracks in the floor board. " Bree ," I say quietly. She pauses in her tirade, looking away from the two with hesitant distrust. "Bree, I don't think these two are them. Look around. This home is beautiful and cozy. I doubt they would have tortured and turned us only to invite us over for some sweet tea on the porch." Bree studies my earnest expression, now posed to flee. She glances around, taking in all the details as I had before. "Why don't you both calm down and allow a proper introduction," the woman says. She is small, with that strange tan-pale skin similar to Bree's. Her hair is black and her eyes wide. She would have been Hispanic in her human life. The accent lingers underneath an obviously newer Southern one. It makes her voice sound strange. "That would be great if we remembered anything about ourselves to tell you," Bree snaps, but it doesn't have nearly as much (literal) venom as before. The man observes us quietly, his eyes far away, almost as if