Disclaimer: All the characters and settings of Middle-earth belong to the Tolkien Estate, no money is made with this fic. All recognisable quotes were taken from J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings . Looking back in later years, Sam could never clearly say when it had been, precisely, that he had realised that his feelings for Frodo were more than the love of loyalty and friendship. The understanding had come to him gradually, like a road that winds on around many curves, and with each step the wanderer gains more understanding of the destination that lies at its end. There was only one thing that he knew for certain, and that was that if he had not gone with Frodo on the Quest of the Ring, he might never have understood it. At times, when he missed Frodo the worst, he almost wished that he had indeed never gone, but even then with the pain of bitter loss flaring up in his chest, he knew that he did not truly mean it. He would not have given up those feelings and the short, happy time they had had in Ithilien and Minas Tirith for any bliss in Middle-earth. It might have been after Frodo was wounded at Weathertop, when he was hovering between life and death, looking too small and pale in the big white bed at Rivendell, that Sam knew that he could not bear losing him. Before, he had been scared for all their safety, and especially Frodo's, for the Old Forest had been frightening and the Black Riders had been terrifying, but to see Frodo so close to death, it seemed, had given his heart a jolt, and now, sitting beside Frodo's bed, he wondered how he could not have known before. " You don't know what you've got until it's taken away , that's what the Gaffer says," Sam told himself. He had never experienced the truth of it before, and now only the scare had been enough for him. "It's not going to happen again. Not if I can prevent it." "And it might very well be that you shall have to, Master Samwise." When he turned to the side, there was Elrond standing next to him. Sam made to get up, but Elrond laid a gentle hand on his shoulder and held him back. "You should sit and rest," he said. "You have watched over your master for many days with barely any sleep and must be tired. He is no longer in danger. His sleep is one of healing now." "Well, he's still looking too pale for my tastes," said Sam. "I'll be glad to see him up and about again, and home at last." "I dearly wish to see the same," answered Elrond. "He took great peril upon himself, and so did all of you who came with him. But we do not know what road might still lie before us, for not even I can look into the future. Yet I feel that before all of this ends for better or worse, you shall have an important part to play. Take good care of Frodo; more so than you have already, if you can." "I said it before, and I'll say it again, I am going with him, if he climbs to the Moon!" Elrond smiled and nodded at Sam with knowing eyes. "You have found something on this journey already that surprised you, and it frightens you as well. But I deem it good for both of you and the fate of us all, for love might prevail where all else fails." Sam shifted uneasily in his chair, not knowing how to reply. "Gandalf will come shortly to sit with Frodo," said Elrond. "Maybe he can convince you to lie down and take some sleep at last." When he had left the room again, Sam left his chair to sit on the bed, nearer to Frodo, looking at him closely for a long while and shaking his head. "To the Moon, if I must," he muttered, and as if to answer, Frodo sighed in his sleep and smiled. .-.-.-. They had not set out for the Moon, but when they fled through the East-gate of Moria into Dimrill Dale, with Gandalf fallen only minutes ago, Sam felt that they might as well have set that goal. The Moon or Mordor – without Gandalf, both seemed equally impossible to reach. When they were out of range of the orc bows, Frodo suddenly sat down on the barren ground of the Dale. Sam saw Gimli and Pippin do the same, while Aragorn stood with his drawn sword clutched tightly, his face grim, tears running down his dirty cheeks. Sam himself felt tears welling up inside him, and so he sat next to Frodo, one arm wrapped around his shaking shoulders and for a long time, they cried together for their lost friend. "What will we do now?" murmured Frodo finally, so softly that only Sam could hear it. "I don't know, Mr. Frodo," said Sam. "It will be a whole lot harder, and I'll miss him terribly. But now I shan't leave your side for a minute. Aragorn and Legolas and Gimli, and Boromir too, they're great warriors all right, but without Gandalf, I'll feel safer not letting you out of my sight." Frodo looked up and smiled through his tears, then, and was about to say something when a cry from Aragorn interrupted them. "Farewell, Gandalf! Did I not say to you: if you pass the doors of Moria, beware? Alas that I spoke true. What hope have we without you?" When he bade them to get up and get going again, Sam and Frodo dried their faces with their sleeves and followed him, though secretly, Sam agreed that there was little hope left. They trudged on in silence until they saw the Mirrormere and then reached Durin's Stone. When Gimli called Frodo to follow him and look into the water, Sam, too, came with them, drawn by a force he could not explain. Like Gimli and Frodo, he bent down to see, but unlike them, he found no jewels glittering in the water. He did not see Durin's crown. Instead, he saw only himself in the dark pool, but a wheel of fire was whirling on his chest, hanging on a chain from his neck, and when he shifted closer to the water to have a better look, the fire extinguished and he could see that it was the Ring that he bore. Sam nearly cried out, but he held back just in time. Now he wished even more than before that Gandalf were still with them, for he of all of them might have known an explanation. But since he could not ask him, Sam thought it might be best to think it over alone, and only later would he ask Aragorn for his advice, though he was now frightened more than ever before. "Me, carry the Ring?" he thought. "I don't want it, don't even want to look at it if I don't have to. Or did this mean to show me that I'm tempted by that horrible thing even if I don't notice it?" "What did you see?" asked Pippin as Sam came back to the road, but Sam was too busy pondering what he had seen to reply to him. When night fell, they finally reached Lothlórien, and for a while, in his wonder Sam forgot about his fear and the Mirrormere. The next day, when they were brought before the Lord and Lady, all that he could think of was the beauty of the Golden Wood and the Elves. And when the Lady Galadriel spoke to them, other images stirred in Sam's mind as her eyes met his. He saw himself back home in the Shire, wandering along Bagshot Row and the meadows surrounding Hobbiton, drinking ale at the Green Dragon , and tending a little garden that was nobody's but his own. Would you not choose to return there now if I gave you this choice? To return without peril on your way, in this very moment? her calm voice inquired, though her lips never moved. When Sam realised that her voice was in his head and only he could hear it, he cringed, for he felt uncomfortable, as if he stood naked before her. When he heard her offer of going home, he did feel tempted, but for no more than a moment. He was not going anywhere without Frodo, even if he were to have the greatest garden in all of the Shire. And what if he could go with you? Again, images formed before his inner eye, and he saw Frodo and himself together at Crickhollow. They were sitting under a tree in the garden, smoking their pipes and their hands were clasped between them. Sam blushed and looked down, but again, he refused the offer. When afterwards, Pippin asked him what had happened, he could not tell him everything, and when some days later he looked into the Lady's Mirror, he was grateful that she did not mention in Frodo's presence that she had tempted him with more than going home alone. That night, after they had left the hollow and the Mirror, and the Lady had left them soon after, Frodo and Sam strolled for another little while through the forest, until Frodo said that he was tired and returned to the tent of the Fellowship. But Sam stayed behind, sitting under a great mallorn at the edge of a clearing and looking up at the stars. They seemed unfamiliar to him so far from home, and he wondered how it could have happened that a hobbit like he, who was not an important person even in his own country, should have come to journey so far and see such things as he had seen, especially the Golden Wood. He did not know how long he had sat when he saw Galadriel appear again between the trees. Her hair was shimmering like silver in the pale light of the stars, and the branches of the trees seemed to sigh and bend towards her as she walked by. Sam got up when he realised that she was approaching him. "I should like to speak with you for a while, Samwise," she said when she had reached him. He nodded as an answer and she bade him to follow, leading him to a bench not far away, under another tall mallorn tree. "Sit with me," she said, and for some time they sat in silence, listening to the rustling of the golden leaves, Sam watching her gaze up into the sky, beautiful beyond any words he might have found to describe her to his friends at home. She smiled, then, and looked down on him. "Yet there is one you deem fairer, though courtesy would not permit you to say so." As he made no reply, she went on. "I know what you have seen in the Mirrormere, and when I first learnt it, I marvelled at it. Few have ever beheld anything but Durin's crown, and unlike my Mirror, these waters tell only what shall be beyond any doubt." "But," Sam jumped up and looked at her in despair, his worries now returning to him for the first time since they had entered Lórien, "but it's Mr. Frodo as is supposed to carry it! I couldn't . . . I couldn't betray him, could I?" "Do not fear," said the Lady, and her voice was warm and gentle. "Not for this at least. By this kind of treachery your heart is untouched, and I sense that it shall remain this way. As for your other fear, nobody can foretell Frodo's fate, but still you need not despair. You may have to bear this burden in another way than to carry the Ring after his death as the image you