CHAPTER ONE A Curious Event Ogilion, Forty-second day of Iavas, F.A. 15 "I wonder, is it my brother I race, or a slug?" The words, yelled through the trees were accompanied by a hearty laugh and the near silent sounds of quick footfalls against the old forest floor. The night air was chilly, as was typical for so late into Iavas but it bothered not the two racing ellon. Though darkness encircled the forest it did not bring with it the dangers that it once had, nor the ominous feeling in one's chest. To the East the Forest River could be heard and if looked too closely could be seen to Elven eyes, shining in the distance through the slim spaces between dense trees. Legolas answered Thalion's goading with a chuckle, grinning as he heard the gleeful whoops of his brother. Biting wind whipped sharply against his face as he changed course, avoiding the roots of a large beech tree. He looked to Thalion, surmising that they were at about the same pace. It was impossible to tell which ellon would win. A consciousness brushed against his mind and Legolas ducked quickly, narrowly avoiding a low hanging branch, sending a brief, silent thanks to the tree that had warned him. "Tell me, who was it again who took great joy in teaching you that one should not claim victory until they have crossed the finish line?" Thalion laughed in response and Legolas turned in time to see Thalion jump suddenly, as if he had not even seen whatever had been in his way, a dwarfish curse leaving his mouth in a quick exclamation. They ran in silence for a few minutes, neither paying much attention to who was winning, only the enjoyment they felt at being able to run through the forest unhindered by darkness or shadow of evil. Legolas, lost in thought, found himself breathing deeply. He was unfatigued and the action unnecessary yet it had been years since he had felt his forest sing to him through the wind. Ithilien thrived under his care and the land sung out its thanks but it was not home. Their settlement, though great, would never know the richness of Greenwood the Great and his heart, torn between the call of the sea and the call of the land, had ever longed to see his father's halls once more. Thalion gave a low whistle, signalling for Legolas to halt and the elder did immediately, coming to a graceful stop against an ancient Oak. The tree was silent, its spirit having been driven out by the darkness that once resided in Northern Greenwood and Legolas allowed a second of grief for the consciousness that had fled. His hands, flat against the trees blackened bark, flexed once, offering a silent prayer of mourning. Thalion had stopped beside him, his hands placed in a similar fashion, his eyes closed briefly in prayer. Legolas watched his brother, mapping the surface of his face, the contours and the dips. Living among men, watching them grow old while they worked together to rebuild the land – it had made him feel as though he had been gone an eternity, when in reality it had only been thirty years. Thalion opened his eyes, a crystalline blue so similar to the colour of the pools in the Glittering Caves that Legolas found himself hard-pressed not to think himself back in the glorious expanse. Thalion gave him a wide smile, taking a hand from the bark and holding a finger to his lips to signal quiet. He turned, straight silver blonde hair – the same shade as their father's – flipping around as he pointed West. Legolas frowned, following his hand. They had run closer to the Forest River than he had thought, it flowed smoothly, almost soundlessly in front of them as they hid behind the old oak, the Grey Mountains looming in the distance. It wasn't the river though, that Thalion pointed towards, but the people beside it. Instantly, Legolas' interest was piqued as he watched the men, women and children disembark from their boats and begin to set up camp for the night. They wore strange garbs, fine silks and expensive furs far more colourful than anything the men in Dale had produced in recent years. Their skin, dark and sun-kissed glowed under moonlight. Speaking a strange language their leader, a man with a heavily lined face called out orders interceded by deep chuckling as two children ran around his ankles. A fire was started and a woman began to sing. Long, lilting notes filled the air while a man picked up a small drum, hitting it in time to the woman's voice. The group was no more than fifty; small by elven standards but for a group of men? Quite large. Legolas watched them, fascinated, until their tents were erected and they had begun to cook a meal. They seemed jovial, spirited. Here, an old woman tended to a young girl's hair. There, lovers, whispering softly as they gutted fish. The leader sat on a large stone, whittling a hunk of wood absently, casting furtive glances at his people as he hummed along with the singing woman, albeit off-tune. Legolas looked to his brother, eyebrow quirked in question. Thalion grinned in response, leaning towards Legolas in a conspiratorially nature. "They came from Dale," he whispered. "Though before that we know not whence. Travelling west along the Forest River. I do not think they know how close they came to us. Nomads, perhaps. Respectful, they take only what they need and barely disturb the forest. We've been tracking them since they arrived though this is the first time they've set up a full camp. Bailon will be upset he missed it." Legolas grinned as he turned from Thalion and looked back towards the curious sight before him. The largeness of the group still confused him. The Beornings and the Woodmen rarely travelled outside of the Vale of Anduin, and even if they did it was usually in groups of no more than five or seven. Hunting parties. "Haradrim?" Legolas murmured, hearing Thalion shift beside him to get a better look. "No, we do not think so. Their garbs are strange. We have not seen them before." Legolas was about to ask if they were perhaps Easterlings from Rhun when a woman he had not seen before emerged from the edge of the forest. Her hair, long and dark was wet, it hung in long, curling curtains down her back. She wore a baffling two-piece outfit. A tightly fitted leather top that lacked sleeves moved with ease as she walked while her bottom half was swathed in a thin beige material, overplayed by shimmering cream silks. At her waist, a strip of golden cloth seemed to hold the ensemble together. Legolas' eyebrows pitched downwards as he watched her walk bare foot towards the leader of the group, her soft skirts rustling against the cold grass. Time seemed to slow, her footsteps echoing loudly in his ears. The call of the sea was far from where this strange woman was. She leaned down, golden bangles on her arms jumbling together as she placed a kiss onto the man's cheek. Legolas' eyes narrowed at the action, his entire focus singled onto their body-language. Though she was familiar with him, there was no further intimacy. Her hand, small and dark had risen and she ruffled the man's hair before she sat at his feet, twisting her heavy locks of hair to rid them of excess water. So intent was he, to watch her slowly comb her fingers through her thick hair that Thalion had to touch his arm to get his attention, his attempts to rouse the prince with his name having proved futile. "Brother?" Legolas turned, eyes wide, a slightly guilty expression on his face, as though he was an elfling once more and he had been caught doing something decidedly undesirable. Thalion only smiled at his response, patting Legolas' shoulder. "They are interesting aren't they?" Legolas nodded, glancing swiftly towards the woman once again, only to find her now staring in their direction as though she could see them. Legolas watched with bated breath as her dark eyes narrowed. Their eyes, his, a bright sky blue and hers, as black as the night, seemed to lock despite the fact that she couldn't possibly see him. His breath caught in his throat and he scarcely breathed for fear of ruining the moment. He was under her spell. He had no idea how long they stared at one another, it could have been seconds or decades. He did not know. After a while she blinked and the spell was broken. Legolas stumbled back from the old oak, blinking rapidly. Thalion looked at him with mild fright, hand outstretched, features taught with worry. "What is it? Are you well?" Legolas opened his mouth to try and reassure his brother but then – suddenly – he was well. Everything was well. The night a little more tepid, the air a little cleaner. The singing from the camp had grown more wonderful and behind Thalion, the woman had grown ever more beautiful. Legolas smiled reassuringly at his brother, nodding and grinning until Thalion relaxed, all the while his mind lay with the woman. The woman. Thalion began to ask if they should go back. Something about Feren and dinner at the outpost. Legolas was hardly listening but he nodded anyway, allowing Thalion to guide him away from the travellers' camp. They walked quickly, Thalion already whispering enthusiastically about a new recipe Bailon had learned from the Woodmen for roasted rabbit and how, though at times tough, the meat and mint leaf worked surprisingly well. Legolas nodded, laughing and smiling and hm'ing at the right moments all the while his mind worked to imprint the image of the woman in his memories. As they neared a bend in the path he turned his head, allowing himself one last glimpse of the camp and was startled to find the woman standing by the tree they had just vacated, watching them go with a curious expression. Orithil, Fifteenth day of Ethuil – F.A. 45 Legolas had walked for days. He had drunk little, eaten even less and though his body showed little sign of fatigue, his mind had grown weary in his wanderings. Days had passed him by, as had nights and dusks and early morning lights. He remembered vaguely and with some shame that he had lied to the guard at the Great Gate as he had left. His voice had been low, pleading in its rapidity. The guard, Eithillim, had narrowed his eyes at the Prince's approach, his mouth already opening to turn Legolas away. I go to see Galmîr , he had said. Eithillim made a face, shaking his head, brown braids flying about his face as he held out a hand to stop his prince. Legolas no longer remembered exactly what had happened next, only that it took time and much pleading before Eithillim had eventually conceded, lowering his hand and giving one stiff nod of agreement. He allowed Legolas walk to the end of the Bridge, watching with some concern at the bend in his shoulders and the way his feet had dragged across the polished stones. Legolas turned at the last moment, offering what he hoped to be a reassuring smile. From the tightening around Eithillim's grey eyes, he thinks perhaps it had been closer to a grimace instead. To add some semblance of truth to his lie he walked West at first, towards the dwelling of Galmîr. He walked until he could see her large talan and then turned East, picking his way through dense foliage until he reached the great River. From there he had switched to a waking state. His feet moved and bore him onwards but his mind was blank. He did not think. He did not speak.