1 Let My Love Open the Door Chapter 1 Ginny Weasley stood and watched as her brother, Ron and his fiancée, Hermione Granger, had an argument. That in of itself wasn't an unusual occurrence, hell at one point they seemed to be an hourly thing. One of their friends, Neville Longbottom, swore you could set your watch by them. That was back before they got together as a couple, instead being just 'friends', though to Ginny it had been painfully obvious that they'd been arse over kettle for one another since at least their second year. Thinking of their second year made her remember that it had been her first and potentially last, at doing anything. It had been a disaster to put it mildly. Someone had slipped an enchanted diary in with her school books and without realizing what it was, she had started writing in it. To her amazement, it had written back. Little did she know at that point that it had been an actual piece of Lord Voldemort's soul. It had slowly ingrained itself into her confidence until it was too late. By the time she had realized what was happening the fragment of Voldemort's soul had enough control over her to keep her from saying anything. Much of how she ended up being saved was still a mystery to her, though she knew a lot more than she let on. She had memories of a small boy with raven black hair and startling emerald eyes saving her. She had seen the carcass of the dead Basilisk and the bloody sword he had been holding when she had awoken. How Fawkes, Dumbledore's Phoenix, had healed the boy, crying into his wound to neutralize the venom that was killing him. It was right after that that things became hazy. She had been somewhat disoriented by what had happened to her and had lain back down. She smiled subconsciously at how the boy had taken care of her, resting her head in his lap, telling her everything was going to be okay. She vaguely remembered Fawkes flashing away but returning quickly with the Headmaster. The next thing she knew she was waking up in the Hospital Wing with her parents by her side. There had been no sign of the boy that had saved her. Feeling something was amiss, she had never mentioned him to anyone. To this very day, she wished she knew more about him, who he was and what he had been doing. Why had he saved her and then disappeared like he had never been there. She was snapped out of her reminiscing by Ron finally saying hotly, "Fine, send Ginny if you want too. Let it be on your head," before he stomped angrily away, leaving his fiancée watching him go with a frown on her face. Ginny waited patiently for Hermione to collect herself before she came over. With a sigh she looked at Ginny. "Unfortunately we don't have anyone else to go and make sure that Harry comes to the wedding. Will you please do that for me?" the bushy haired girl asked. Ginny eyed the girl closely. She had often wondered what was so special about this Harry that Ron and Hermione mentioned on occasion. Never going into any details at all about the enigmatic man. All she knew for certain was they knew him from the War but nothing else really. She couldn't understand the secrecy that was wrapped around him. If it had been one of the Twins, she would have doubted his existence but she didn't worry about that with Ron and Hermione, especially Hermione. She'd never dream of pulling a prank like that. "Whatever," Ginny replied nonchalantly, though on the inside she was quite intrigued, excited to be actually going to meet this mysterious "Harry". Hermione breathed a sigh of relief. She knew Ginny was the perfect one to go and fetch Harry as she was quite determined and wouldn't let anything that Harry said deter her from her task. Ginny did harbour a feeling deep down that she knew or at least suspected who Harry was though she had never let on to that fact. If she was correct, this mysterious Harry was none other than Harry Potter, The-Boy-Who-Lived, the Saviour of the Wizarding World, Defeater of Voldemort and at least half a dozen other monikers that he had been given. She knew that Hermione, and through her, her brother Ron had been somehow involved in bringing about the defeat of Voldemort, working with Dumbledore's Order of the Phoenix. Though once again, it was all very hush-hush, something that no one talked about. That's not to say that Ginny hadn't done her part during the war. She had remained at Hogwarts and worked against the Death Eaters who had taken control of the school that final year. She had helped form and led the student group that became known as Dumbledore's Army. The DA for short, had resisted as best they could within the walls of Hogwarts. Ginny gave a shudder at the memories of the punishments she and the other members had endured and though the physical scars had faded away, the mental ones still gave her nightmares on occasion, though not nearly as often any more. Driving those melancholy thoughts from her mind, she went back to helping Hermione plan the final arrangements for the wedding. Harry and Ginny It was the night before the wedding and Ginny had finally managed to make it to her room. She quickly changed and flopped into bed. Though she felt exhausted, she knew that sleep wouldn't be coming any time soon. Her mind was just too active for that to happen. She smiled ruefully at the memories of the rehearsal and following dinner. Ron had moaned and complained the whole time during the rehearsal, saying how hungry he was. She was really surprised that Hermione hadn't hexed him right in front of everyone. Luckily the rehearsal hadn't taken that long and Ron shut up when they sat down to the scrumptious dinner their mum had prepared. At least he'd finally learned to not talk with his mouth full and thankfully he had kept it stuffed the whole time, much to hers and everyone's relief. Her thoughts then turned to her assigned task for the following day. Fetching Harry to the wedding. Not that she minded really, she was actually looking forward to finally meeting this mysterious Harry. Though she did wonder how things would go. She had overheard Ron talking to Hermione and what she had heard made her pause, wondering what she had gotten herself into. According to Ron, Harry was a recluse, a drunken one at that, claiming every time he had seen him he had been unkempt and reeking of Firewhisky. If that was the case, why were they so insistent that he attend the wedding? Ginny didn't know or really care. It wasn't her decision to make and she'd just do her best to make sure he attended, it seemed quite important to Hermione. She had on more than one occasion mentioned that Harry was like a brother to her and insisted that he be there. Sleep finally over came her and she dreamed of being in the Chamber again, though this time it was different from all her previous dreams, nightmares really, of that incident. Though there was the horror of her being taken down into the Chamber and the appearance of Tom, her dream focused on the young boy who had saved her. The way he had looked at her with his startling emerald eyes, the compassion and worry she had seen in them. When she awoke the next morning, it was with a small smile on her face and she knew it was because of her dream. Sighing she got up and prepared herself for the trying day she knew she was going to be having. If Hermione was anything, she was a stickler for details and woe to him or her who messed with her perfectly laid plans. She dressed casually, not wanting to put on her dress until it was almost time for the wedding. She certainly didn't want to floo wearing it. Hermione had given her Harry's floo address just the night before and it had confirmed to her who Harry really was. The address was Potter Manor. Ron had made some snide comment about how rich Harry was and how opulent the manor must be, though no one had actually been there. Hermione had stressed that Ginny needed to floo there precisely at one o'clock as that was when she'd be allowed access to Harry's home. She explained that he normally kept his floo blocked off, not allowing anyone through. Ginny didn't care, though she was from a humble background, she didn't begrudge anyone what they had, as long as they weren't like the Malfoys and throw it in your face, that was. After a quick breakfast in the chaos that reigned in the Burrow, she helped with the last minute details that needed to be taken care of before she would need to go and get Harry. Ginny was both glad and annoyed that the wedding would take place late in the afternoon. Glad because things weren't so hectic because they had time to get things done and annoyed because it seemed like the time would never come to get the damn wedding over with. As much as she loved her future sister-in-law, she was really starting to have her patience tested by the way the girl was acting. If Ginny had a list shoved under her nose one more time, she wasn't going to he responsible for her reaction. Bat-bogies just might fly. Finally, virtually everything on Hermione's endless lists was checked off and Ginny breathed a sigh of relief. Though sorely tempted she had managed not to hex the bride-to-be. All she had to do was go fetch Harry and then change into her dress robes for the wedding. At precisely as the clock began to strike the hour, Ginny threw the floo powder into the grate and with a whoosh of green flames she said firmly "Potter Manor" and was gone. Ginny stepped deftly out of the fireplace and took a look around. Far from being some opulent manor, she found herself in a small, nicely appointed parlour. She was startled by a croaking voice. "Welcome, I will tell Master Harry you are here." She looked at the ancient house elf standing before her. He looked vaguely familiar and it took several moments for her to put the pieces together. "Hello, Kreacher," she said warmly. The old house elf smiled at her. "Miss remembers Kreacher," he said with a small bow. The were interrupted by the appearance of another house elf. "Kreacher, hows many times will it take before you's remember that Master doesn't like to be called Master?" the diminutive elf scolded. Ginny couldn't help but smile at the elf, calling Harry Master while chiding Kreacher for doing the same thing. "Perhaps a few more, Winky," Kreacher teased with a smile. Ginny was gobsmacked at the difference in Kreacher. She had gotten to know him a little when they had spent one summer at Grimmauld Place and then he'd been a surly, combative and very unhelpful elf. To see him now, all cleaned up, wearing a type of uniform and being playful, was a lot to take in. Before Kreacher could depart, Ginny heard someone enter the parlour. Turning she looked at the young man before her. Though he did look a bit unkempt, he certainly didn't appear to be drunk. He was holding a book in one hand while he looked at Ginny. "It's that time then?" he said lowly. Ginny felt an underlying sense of melancholy in his question and she wondered why. "Yes it is," she replied with what she hoped was a friendly smile. Harry sighed.