After the Battle Chapter 1: A Different Celebration Harry sighed as he watched Riddle fall, brought down by his own rebounding Killing Curse. Without really thinking, his hand shot up and he snagged the Elder Wand from the air and he looked at it in disgust. Before he could react, a great shout of jubilation shattered the silence and a horde of people descended on him, offering their congratulations, shaking his hand and pounding him on the back. Though he put his foot down when they tried to lift him up onto their shoulders. Though he was happy it was over, in reality he felt a bit numb and he knew it would take some time for it to really sink in that Tom was truly and irrevocably dead and his life was now truly his own. As much as he appreciated everyone wanting to congratulate him, all he really wanted to do is find Her and set things right between them. He had a brief glimpse of her across the room but then she was gone, hidden behind the swarm of people who wanted to see him. Sighing, he vowed to track her down as soon as humanly possible as she was the only one he really wanted to see. Right at the moment, he'd about had his fill of Ron and Hermione. Spending months with them constantly had worn the shine off their friendship some. He tried desperately to accept all the congratulations without losing his temper, though it was a trial as it seemed to go on forever. Then relief came in the form of three of his former Gryffindor house-mates. Dean, Seamus and Neville came and rescued him. They were quickly joined by several other members of Dumbledore's Army and they formed up around him, leading him away from the Great Hall and the adoring crowd that was overwhelming him. Harry glanced around at his "honour guard" and smiled. He met each of their eyes and gave them a quick nod of his head in thanks. As they left the Great Hall they were joined by other members of the DA and former Gryffindors. Harry accepted hugs and kisses on the cheek from Angelina Johnson, Katie Bell and Alicia Spinnet and a hearty thumping on his back from Oliver Wood, all former members of the Gryffindor Quidditch Team with him. Harry had tears in his eyes, overjoyed that they had all survived the battle. If anyone noticed Harry's emotional state, no one mentioned it, just giving him warm reassuring smiles. "You did it," Neville said with a huge smile. Harry blushed and dropped his gaze. "I had loads of help," he muttered shyly, drawing a laugh from everyone around him. "Always down playing yourself," Dean laughed. "That's why we rescued you," Neville said, grinning widely. "We know you hate being the centre of attention." "I know what you need," Seamus remarked, his eyes gleaming as he produced a bottle of Firewhisky. Harry eyed it apprehensively, unsure if accepting it was a good idea. "Come on, Harry. If anyone deserves to celebrate, it's you," Dean teased, grinning just like everyone else. Harry shrugged, figuring why not, and took a healthy swallow. He choked and sputtered as the dark amber liquid burned his throat on the way down. Harry blushed, feeling embarrassed until more than half the others had the same reaction and then he didn't feel so bad. In fact Oliver, Angelina and Alicia were the only ones who didn't react the same way, obviously having imbibed the potent liquor before. In the close camaraderie that they were feeling, Katie called out, "Party in the common room!" just like after they'd won a Quidditch match. The others roared out in agreement and they all began the long climb up to the Gryffindor common room, passing the bottle of Firewhisky back and forth between them as they went. When the bottle was almost empty, Seamus produced another bottle and it also began to be passed around. By the fourth or possibly the fifth time Harry took a drink, it no longer made him choke and sputter but slid down smoothly, leaving a warm glowing feeling in its wake. Not having eaten anything in Godric knew how long, Harry felt his head start to spin as a very pleasant feeling engulfed him. He knew he was grinning like a maniac but he found he didn't care, it just felt so good and different. Suddenly someone was kissing him and he almost started to kiss her back but something in his mind told him it was all wrong as he knew it wasn't Ginny. He gently pushed the person back and found Katie giving him a sad look. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have done that," she murmured sadly, staring into his eyes. Harry gave her a shrug, realizing that if things had been different, if he didn't love Ginny so much, he would have welcomed kissing her. Katie gave him a reassuring smile. "I'm sure she'll be here soon," she said softly. "Thanks for understanding," Harry replied sadly. "She's one lucky girl," Katie whispered, giving Harry a soft kiss on the cheek. "I'm the lucky one," Harry replied sheepishly, giving the young woman a hug. "You're both lucky," Katie laughed with a sad sigh. A short time later the group finally made its way into the Gryffindor common room. Fortunately it had suffered only minor damage during the battle with several of the windows having been shattered by stray spellfire. Several people pulled their wands and after a few quick Reparo's, things were put to rights. As if by magic, more bottles of Firewhisky appeared, a mix of both Ogden's and Blishen's, not that anyone seemed to care which one they were drinking. Harry found it impossible to refuse when anyone handed him a bottle and he drank freely, not that by that point he had any inclination to refuse. Several house elves showed up, bringing a veritable feast with them, something that Harry was eternally grateful for as he stomach growled as soon as he saw the food. He greedily grabbed a couple of sandwiches and began to devour them and just as he'd polished off the second sandwich, he sensed more than heard the portrait hole open. He turned and froze, there across the room he saw Her standing just inside the door, Her eyes scanning the room until they met his. Harry wasn't even aware that he had moved but he suddenly found his arms wrapping around Her halfway across the room. "Ginny," he breathed huskily and then her lips were on his and he wasn't aware of anything but the warm, wonderful feeling of her lips on his and her body moulded close around him. Unlike the first time, there was no stunned silence, only a couple of chuckles and light laughter, not that they were cognoscente of the other's reactions. Slowly their lips parted but they remained in their tight embrace. Harry stared into Ginny's beautiful, amazing chocolate brown eyes. Eyes that held such powerful emotions that it took his breath away. "I missed you," he whispered lovingly. "I missed you too," she whispered in reply, her love equally evident. Harry led her over to one of the couches in front of the fireplace and pulled her down into his lap, kissing her soundly. As they broke apart and before either could say anything, someone handed Harry a bottle of Firewhisky. Ginny raised an eyebrow at him. "Just how much have you had to drink?" she asked evenly, her voice giving nothing away. Harry smiled goofily and shrugged. "Don't know, don't care," he replied flippantly. Ginny giggled and grabbed the bottle. "I guess I have a lot of catching up to do," she said as she lifted the bottle to her lips. She took several large swallows before she began to choke and sputter, her eyes watering as the dark amber liquid hit her, burning her throat. "Wow," she breathed out huskily as she blinked rapidly to clear her eyes. She took a couple more swallows before Harry pried the bottle from her hand and took another drink himself. Ginny pouted playfully as Harry drank, causing him to choke as he started to laugh. Ginny took the bottle back and took a smaller, more normal swig. They began to pass the bottle back and forth, laughing and enjoying being together. In between swallows they shared kisses, starting rather tamely but escalating as time went on. Somewhere in the midst of all that, Harry suddenly pulled back and stared at Ginny sadly. "I'm so sorry about Fred," he whispered heartbreakingly. Ginny shushed him by placing a finger on his lips. "Not tonight, there will be time later to mourn. Tonight I just want to be with you and celebrate your being alive," she muttered emotionally, tears pooling in the corner of her eyes.. Harry nodded and kissed her deeply, letting her know he understood and agreed wholeheartedly. Tonight was for them to get reacquainted and spend time together without worrying about anything else. Harry and Ginny were thoroughly enjoying themselves. Scattered about their feet was a small army of dead soldiers, not that they had all been full when the pair got their hands on them. That's not to say that they were almost empty either. As the day progressed and evening came on, things had become more heated between the happy couple. As more and more alcohol had been consumed, inhibitions were lowered and hands began to wander. Ginny took great delight in wiggling her bottom into Harry's lap, causing his body to react just how she wanted it to. Hands had also began roaming, straying further and further into uncharted territory. Both were moaning deeply and thoroughly enjoying what they were experiencing together when they were suddenly interrupted by someone flopping down on the couch next to them. They were tempted to ignore the intrusion but then the person cleared their throat, drawing their attention as they refused to be ignored. Harry's eyes widened in shock when he saw it was Katie sitting there looking at him and Ginny. He couldn't help himself and he blushed deeply, turning as red as any Weasley ever had. Ginny eyed him and then looked at Katie, raising an eyebrow as she stared back at Harry. Katie sighed and looked at Ginny. "I need to apologize to you," she said contritely. Ginny glanced back and forth between the young woman and Harry. "I assume this has something to do with Harry?" she asked calmly. Harry groaned softly, wishing the couch would swallow him whole. Unfortunately for him, like most of his wishes, it went unanswered. "Yes," Katie sighed. "In a moment of weakness and being caught up in celebrating, I kissed Harry." Harry groaned again, turning even redder, something that Ginny hadn't believed possible. "I want you to know that Harry immediately pushed me away and told me he couldn't because he wanted it to be someone else," Katie explained, a small grin growing on her lips. Only years of experience at keeping from reacting kept Ginny from bursting out in laughter, or showing any reaction whatsoever. She glanced at Harry, who when he saw her looking at him, ducked his head, unwilling to meet her eyes. She looked back to Katie and gave her a small smile. "So we're good?" the former chaser asked. Ginny nodded, her grin growing as she and Katie shared a knowing look. "Well, I'll just leave you two alone again," Katie smirked as she gave Ginny a quick hug, stood and left. "Ginny, I want . . ." Harry began hesitantly, still not looking into Ginny's eyes. "Oh Harry," she chuckled. "Only you would think you'd done something wrong because some over excited witch gave you a kiss," she teased. "You're not mad at me?" Harry asked incredulously, his head popping up as he stared into her eyes in disbelief. "No I'm