Ginny's Revenge Ginny awoke the next morning with a smile on her face as she remembered what she and Harry had done the previous afternoon and evening. Yes it had started out because of the potion that Hermione had slipped her but afterwards, it had been all them and not because of the potion. She groaned a little as she moved for the first time, her body still aching slightly from the ordeal she had gone through, mainly centred in her pussy and arse, though her breasts and nipples hurt some too. She blushed as she recalled the reasons why but she found she actually didn't mind. She had experienced so much pleasure from the experience and she found she couldn't wait to experience it again. Sitting up, she grabbed the vial of potion sitting on her night stand and as she uncorked it, she smiled at the memory of Harry retrieving the pain potion for her before they headed off to bed. She grimaced slightly as she swallowed the bitter liquid but smiled in relief when it began to take effect. Her smile grew when she thought about how she'd thank him for being so thoughtful. Though she knew she'd have to spend a couple of hours finishing her homework that she didn't get done because of Hermione slipping her the potion, she knew that they'd have plenty of time to spend in the Room of Requirement that afternoon and evening. Feeling much better, she rose, threw on her dressing gown and headed for the shower, wanting to get down to the common room and see Harry once again as soon as possible. She ran the water in the shower as hot as she could stand it and that did a lot to ease most of the residual aches she felt. As she dried herself, she felt a thrill run through her body as she rubbed the soft fluffy towel over her breasts and nipples, though when she dried between her legs she winced slightly because her labia and the entrance to her vagina were a bit red and inflamed. While it had felt good before, it was now quite more intense and she wondered if it was because of how much she had enjoyed it when Harry had used them for what they were intended for. Slipping her dressing gown back on, she headed back to her bed. Sitting on the edge, she studied her nether region. She had a healing balm she wanted to apply but she figured out that it would probably make a mess in her pubic hair that surrounded her labia. Smiling, she decided what she needed to do. Grabbing her wand she used a hair removing charm to clear the area around her labia and vagina, leaving a small triangle on her mons. As soon as she was done she gently applied the balm and she sighed in relief when it took away the fiery, stinging sensations. She smiled smugly, thinking that Harry would probably like what she had done. She gasped and gave a small moan when she put on her knickers, the silky material giving her a thrill as it slid over her newly denuded nether area. While she knew she'd probably get used to the new sensations, she figured she'd enjoy it while it lasted. She finished dressing hurriedly, wanting to get down to Harry as quickly as possible. She smiled as she descended the last couple of steps when she spotted Harry sitting on one of the couches in front of the fireplace. Her smile widened when she saw the brilliant smile he sent her way when he spotted her. He rose and met her half way, enveloping her with a big hug and a quick kiss. "How are you feeling?" he asked softly, his eyes full of concern. "Pretty good now, but I'm glad you gave me the pain potion," she responded warmly. She was happy to see his look relax as he smiled once again. "I'm just glad I thought of it and had one to give you," he murmured. "So am I," she agreed, giving him a brilliant smile. Looping her one arm through his, Ginny turned and pulled him toward the portrait hole. "Come on, lets get breakfast so I can get back here and do my homework I didn't get to do yesterday," she said eagerly. Harry looked at her in surprise. "What's the rush?" he asked bewilderedly. "Because as soon as I'm done, I want to take you back to the Room of Requirement and thank you properly for all you did for me yesterday," she replied coyly. Harry's eyes lit up as he figured out what she was implying and it was all he could do to keep himself from dragging Ginny down the stairs. Ginny laughed at his enthusiasm, knowing that he was just as eager as she was to have a chance to repeat what they'd shared the day before. While they ate quickly is was nowhere near the speed at which Ron normally shovelled his food into his mouth. They also spent a great deal of time sharing glances and smiles as they thought about what they'd be doing later that day. They had just finished and were exiting the Great Hal when they ran into Ron as he arrived. "Have either of you seen Hermione?" he asked with a frown. "Not this morning, why?" Harry replied with Ginny nodding in agreement. Ron shook his head. "I don't know, she was acting all weird yesterday afternoon," he said with a scowl. Harry gave him a questioning look. "I found her sitting in the common room looking all out of sorts and when I asked her what was wrong she just glared at me and ran up to her dorm. I haven't seen her since," the gangly redhead explained. Harry and Ginny shared a knowing glance which Ron totally missed because he was staring longingly into the Great Hall and all the food piled on the tables. "Well, if we see her we'll tell her you were looking for her," Harry remarked. "Whatever," Ron replied as he headed into the Great Hall. Harry and Ginny shared a chuckle as they watched him go. They hurried back to the common room and both retrieved their books, wanting to get their work done as quickly as possible. A couple of hours later, Ginny set her quill down, cast a drying spell on her parchment and stretched sinuously with a sigh. "I don't know about you but I'm ready to take a break," she murmured, her eyes gleaming. Harry's head snapped up and he smiled when he saw the look in her eyes. "Just let me finish this paragraph," he replied with a grin. He hurriedly scratched out a couple more lines before casting a drying spell. They both quickly packed up their things, obviously eager to leave. Both all but ran up to their dorms to drop off their books and met back in the common room a couple of minutes later. They smiled when they spotted one another and joined hands as they hurried toward the portrait hole. Just before they got there it opened and Hermione came through. Her eyes widened in fear when she saw them. Because she was blocking the opening, Harry and Ginny stopped and glared, taking a good look at her. She looked in a word, terrible. She had big bags under her eyes and her bushy-hair was even more disarrayed than normal, on top of that her usually immaculate robes were all rumpled and creased. "Wh – what are you going to do?" she asked, looking terrified. "I haven't decided yet," spat Ginny. "Harry and I were just going off to discuss that . . . along with doing some other things," she added suggestively. The bushy-haired girl's eyes bugged out as she looked back and forth between them in shock. Ginny smiled smugly before she glared at her. "You'd better be here when we get back or I'll be going straight to McGonagall and tell her everything," she threatened. "No, please. I'll be expelled," Hermione moaned. "You should have thought of that before you gave me the potion," Ginny sneered. "I . . . I . . ." Hermione stuttered. "Just be here or else," Ginny reiterated. "How long will you be gone?" Hermione asked fearfully. "What's it matter to you?" Ginny sneered. "I . . . I was going to go to the library," the bushy-haired girl replied mornfully. "Well, we probably won't be back for a couple of hours or more," Ginny replied with a shrug. "But Godric help you if you're not here when we return." Hermione nodded her head, tears forming at the corner of her eyes. Dropping her gaze, she slipped passed Harry and Ginny, heading for the stairs to the girl's dorms. Ginny closed her eyes and huffed in irritation. Taking a couple of deep breaths to calm herself, she opened her eyes and looked at Harry. "Come on, I really need to spend some time with you now," she muttered, trying to get the confrontation with Hermione out of her mind. Once they were outside the portrait hole, Ginny pulled Harry into her side, giving him a hard hug. "Thank you for letting me handle that," she whispered gratefully. "You were doing fine and I saw no reason to get involved," he replied with a smile. Ginny glanced at him out of the corner of her eyes and smiled. "Humm, capable of learning, I think I'll keep you," she giggled. Harry chuckled and hugged her hard, "Godric, I love you," he murmured humorously. "Good thing, cause I love you too and like I said, I think I'll keep you," Ginny laughed. In no time at all they arrived at the seventh floor corridor across from the tapestry depicting the attempt of Barnabas the Barmy to teach trolls ballet. Ginny smiled impishly as she paced the three times to reveal the door. Harry grinned as she took his hand and led him inside. The room was almost an exact replica of the one from the previous day, the only addition being a couch that sat behind the bear skin rug in front of the fireplace. Harry looked at Ginny questioningly and she giggled. "That's for later when we get around to discussing what to do with Hermione." As Harry nodded, Ginny kissed him passionately. "Enough talk," she murmured when she broke the kiss. Harry found no reason to disagree with her and he swept her into his arms, carrying her to the bed. Ginny wrapped one arm around Harry's neck, using it to pull her head up so she could kiss and nibble his neck while her other hand began to unbutton his shirt. Harry groaned when he felt Ginny begin to attack his neck, it just felt so bloody good and he felt his manhood harden, straining in his jeans, wanting to be set free. Ginny had Harry's robes shoved off his shoulders and pulled his shirt free from his jeans so she could unbutton the last couple of buttons. Harry couldn't get to the bed fast enough and he lay Ginny down as soon as he got there. He shrugged off his robes and shirt hurriedly and unbuckled his belt, undid the button on his jeans and shoved them down, taking his boxers with them. He had to sit on the edge of the bed to take off his trainers and socks and once he did, he kicked free of his jeans and boxers. As soon as Harry laid her on the bed, Ginny began to remove her clothing, never taking her eyes off Harry as he quickly divested himself of his own. She had to wiggle, squirm and roll from side to side to get her robes off and she tossed them off the bed as soon as she did. Once free of her robes,