2 Saving the Saviour Chapter 1: What a Fine Mess You've Gotten Yourself Into Harry Potter, Wizard, Saviour of the Wizarding world at the age of fifteen months, Protector of the Philosopher's Stone at eleven, Basilisk Slayer at twelve, Tri-Wizard Tournament winner at fourteen and at that moment, none of it mattered. His school year had just ended where he had seen the death of a fellow student, Cedric Diggory who was also a competitor in the Tri-Wizard Tournament. He had been murdered right before Harry's eyes when he and Cedric had taken the trophy together. This had led to Harry being used in a very dark ritual that returned Voldemort to a human form. Now he was being sent back to his prison, the home of his relatives where he was unloved and unwanted. Harry's return to Privet Dr. was anything but welcoming. His aunt and uncle seemed more hostile than ever. He had been sent immediately to his room when they returned home. He was glad he had something to eat left over from the train because he wasn't allowed any dinner. At the moment he heard his very large Uncle lumbering up the stairs and down the hall in his direction. "Boy!" said Uncle Vernon, forcefully kicking Harry's door open. "The name's Harry," Harry replied hotly, rising off his bed. Vernon eyed Harry malevolently. "I'll teach you some manners," he threatened, raising what looked like an old oak table leg. Harry's eyes widened in fear, realizing that his Uncle had finally lost it. Instinctively Harry raised his left arm in defence as he tried to move back towards his night table where he had left his wand. With a sickening crack, Harry felt his forearm snap as the first blow landed. Grunting in pain, Harry kept his eyes on his Uncle as he blindly reached behind him, feeling for his wand. His fingers scrabbled across the tabletop but his wand eluded him. Chancing a quick glance, Harry finally lay his hand on his wand and as he brought it up to bear on his Uncle, out of the corner of his eye, he saw the next blow swinging at him. "Bombarda!" he cried out just as the blow struck the side of his head. Harry saw stars and he was vaguely aware of his Uncle flying back and striking the door frame. Then blackness took him. HP + GW – GW + HP Nymphadora Tonks was just passing by the office of "The Underage Use of Magic" office when someone bolted out of the door, almost hitting her in the process. Mafalda Hopkirk looked up in surprise. "He's done it again!" she screeched, not even bother to apologize for almost hitting Tonks with the door. Who's done it again?" Tonks asked, looking at the older witch in annoyance. "Harry Potter! That's who!" Hopkirk yelled, waving a piece of parchment under Tonks' nose. Tonks grabbed the parchment out of the startled witch's hand. "I'll check it out," she said over her shoulder as she hurried off towards the Atrium. As soon as she was able, she Apparated to Little Whinging. It had only taken her about a minute to get there. She looked at the house quickly but carefully and was relieved to find nothing amiss. She hurried forward, not even bothering to knock, she burst through the door. Standing at the bottom of the stairs she found Harry's Aunt. She was looking up the stairs, her face white in fear. "What's going on?" Tonks demanded. Petunia Dursley looked at her in shock, what little colour that remained drained from her features. "Noth – nothing," she stammered, her eyes darting once more up the stairs. Tonks didn't buy it for one moment. She pushed past the frightened woman and bounded up the stairs. "Stop!" she heard shouted behind her. Ignoring Harry's Aunt, Tonks made her way up to the hallway. The sight that greeted her took her totally by surprise. Laying at the far end of the hallway, right outside what she knew to be Harry's door, she saw the remains of an arm. She ran the length of the hall and spun into Harry's room. The sight that greeted her chilled her heart. Laying inside the door was Vernon Dursley, his right arm missing from the shoulder on down. He was bleeding profusely and without emergency treatment he would probably bleed to death in minutes. "Cauteris!" Tonks shouted out, pointing her wand at the injury. A searing flame shot out of her wand, sealing the bleeding wound. The stench of burnt flesh filled the room. She then focused her attention to the other occupant of the room. He was laying beside the bed. "Oh, Harry," she cried as she took in the sight of the boy laying before her. His left arm was draped over his body, multiple bones sticking out of the broken appendage, blood flowing freely. Worse was the injury to his head. Tonks shuddered as she looked at the second wound. A part of Harry's scalp was peeled back exposing his fractured skull. It appeared to Tonks that it had been pushed in at least an inch. Laying next to his damaged head lay the table leg, fallen near where it had struck Harry. Tonks sent an emergency Patronus and hurried to Harry's side. She breathed a slight sigh of relief, Harry was still breathing, if a bit labouredly. "Hang on, Harry. Help is on the way," she whispered, tears forming in her eyes. Within moments several others arrived. Kingsley Shacklebolt arrived with two other Auroras and took in the scene. "Tonks, I want you to portkey with Potter to St. Mungo's, stat," the senior Auror commanded. "Proudfoot will take the Uncle while Smithers and I take control of the scene here." Tonks nodded and quickly placed the portkey on Harry's chest and within seconds, they were gone. "Holy Mother of Morgana," whispered Kingsley as he looked at all the blood that was splattered around the room. His attention was drawn to the sound of someone hurrying up the stairs. He turned, wand at the ready only to drop his arm as Remus Lupin came into sight. "Where's Harry?" he asked desperately, a panicked look on his face. "Easy, Remus," Kingsley said, taking the older man by the shoulders. "We've taken him to St. Mungo's." "How bad was he hurt?" Remus asked with a pained look. "I don't know," Kingsley replied sadly. When Remus looked at him pointedly, he added "It didn't look good, his head wound looked really bad." He then proceeded to tell him what had taken place, about how it looked like Harry had been forced to defend himself against an attack by his uncle. Remus' eyes scrunched up in obvious distress. Taking a few deep breaths he tried to calm himself. He then looked around the room. "I'm taking Harry's stuff with me," he stated forcefully. "No way am I letting him return here." Kingsley nodded slowly as Remus gathered the few things Harry had taken out of his trunk, hoping that Harry was able to return anywhere. He was surprised when the older man knelt down by the bed and reached under, lifting up a loose floor board and checking under it. Remus smiled wanly at the Auror. "Harry's secret hiding spot," he told the other man. Finding it empty, he replaced the floor board, closed Harry's trunk and Apparated away. Kingsley watched as the last of the Ministry clean-up crew restored #4 Privet Drive to its former state, removing all the blood stains along with the piece of arm that was laying in the hall. It was so mangled that there was no way to reattach it, even magically. They descended the stairs where they found several members of the MLE taking Harry's Aunt into custody. Several others were going to remain behind, waiting for Harry's Cousin to return. With a shake of his head, Kingsley departed, wondering how things had gone so terribly wrong. HP + GW – GW + HP Ginny Weasley was sitting in the parlour at the Burrow, the familial home of the Weasleys. She was idly flipping through an old copy of Witch Weekly , bored beyond belief. She hadn't even been home from school for one day and didn't even want to think about starting her summer homework. So as usual, her thoughts were on the one person they always drifted to when she had time on her hands, Harry Potter. Sure she used to have a deep crush on him in the past but ever since he had saved her from Tom Riddle in the Chamber of Secrets, her feelings had grown. Her experiences during her first year had totally changed her. She was no longer a shy, unworldly eleven year old. The things she had experienced and done had aged her beyond her now thirteen years. Even at sixteen, Tom Riddle had been completely evil and Ginny had seen all his memories up until he had made his Diary. It was a much more mature young woman who was contemplating Harry than one would have suspected. Ginny was very worried about his current mental state. He had seemed so broken after the horrendous events surrounding the end of the Tri-Wizard Tournament. She was suddenly startled by the sound of someone Apparating just outside the back door. Curious, she rose and stood just outside the kitchen where she heard her mother welcome Remus Lupin in. "Remus, what's the matter?" Molly asked with great concern. "Can you keep Harry's things here?", Remus replied shakily. "Certainly, but why and where is he?" Ginny chanced a peek around the corner and saw how pale and upset their former DADA teacher looked. Remus tried to answer, his mouth opening and closing several times, but nothing came out. "Would you like to sit down," Molly compassionately asked the distraught man. Remus nodded his head and sank heavily down into a chair at the kitchen table. Without asking, Molly immediately started the kettle for tea, giving Remus time to collect himself. Ginny felt goose-flesh spring up and down her arms, a feeling of dread washing over her. From Remus' reaction, she knew that something horrible had happened to Harry. She saw Remus shakily raise his cup of tea to his lips, having to use two hands to steady it, even then some spilled. Ginny chanced another look and she couldn't believe how white Remus' face was. With a look of utter helplessness, Remus looked Molly in the eyes. "Harry's uncle attacked him a little while ago," he said forlornly. Ginny's action mirrored her mother, her hand coming up to cover her open mouth to stifle her cry of surprise. Ginny felt her heart squeeze in her chest, and she couldn't catch her breath as tears formed in her eyes. "How bad is he?" Molly asked, tears flowing down her cheeks too. "Kingsley said it was bad, really bad," Remus replied, tears streaming down his cheeks. "He said Harry has a severe head wound along with a arm broken so bad that the bones were sticking out in multiple places." Ginny couldn't stop a whimper from escaping her lips but it went unnoticed by the two adults sitting at the table in the next room. Remus gulped down the last of his tea. "I need to get over to the hospital," he said hurriedly as he stood and rushed outside to head to the Burrow's Apparation point. Molly followed him out the door, watching the older man hurry off. Ginny stood still for several moments, her mind working feverishly, thinking about Harry and his current situation. Thinking quickly, she snuck into the kitchen and opened Harry's trunk, taking his Invisibility Cloak then shutting the trunk so no one would know she had removed anything. With her mother still outside she hurried back into the parlour, donned Harry's cloak, grabbed some Floo powder, shouted out "St. Mungo's" and disappeared