The Strange Cat Harry Potter and his best mate, Ron Weasley all but ran into the Transfiguration Class room as they were running a little late. One of the staircases had moved as they were descending and they had to find their way around, losing a lot of time. Ron breathed a sigh of relief, "We're in luck, McGonagall isn't even here yet," he chirped cheerfully. He had taken two steps into the room before he noticed Harry was no longer by his side. Turning around in confusion he saw Harry standing right inside the door, staring at McGonagall's desk. The thing that really surprise the gangly red head was that Harry's eyes were popped wide and he had gone extremely pale and appeared to be in shock. Ron turned to see what Harry was staring at and saw a tabby cat sitting on the desk that he hadn't noticed before. Then before he could move, the cat stood up, arched its back in a huge stretch before it leaped from the desk. Ron gasped as the cat transformed in mid air and by the time its feet had hit the floor, Professor McGonagall was standing there, giving a disproving look at the two late-comers. She was just about to reprimand them when she noticed Harry still standing just inside the door, staring at her in shock. "Mr Potter?" she called out softly in concern. Harry was now not only white as a sheet but he was trembling slightly. "Mr Potter, are you all right?" she asked as she approached the young boy. It wasn't until she was right in front of him that he reacted. His shocked face changed to one of rage and he glared at his Head-of-House. "It was you!" he yelled in outrage. "I can't believe it was you!" he yelled. Then he spun where he stood and fled out the door at a dead run. The whole class held their collective breath, waiting for their stern Professor to chase after the wayward Gryffindor and bring him back by his ear or at least show her displeasure at his actions. Instead they were shocked when she suddenly looked quite sad as she turned to Ron. "Please be seated, Mr Weasley so that we may begin class," she uttered softly, her voice laden with melancholy. Harry ran blindly, his eyes cloudy by his tears of anger. He couldn't believe what he had just seen and figured out. He didn't think he'd ever been so angry in his whole life. Because classes were now in session, no one saw Harry's flight or where he ended up. Harry finally slowed to a halt and glanced around, surprised to find himself out by the Quidditch Pitch. Feeling exposed, he made his way under the stands and found a reasonably comfortable spot to sit down. "I can't believe it was her," he muttered to himself, his anger rising once again. Shaking his head he let his mind wander back to his childhood. The first time he remember noticing the strange cat that seemed to hang around was when he was a little more than five years old. He called it the strange cat not only for how it acted, but for the strange markings around its eyes. It had square markings that almost looked like it was wearing glasses and it seemed to pay attention to him because he often saw it staring at him. At first it kept its distance, observing him from afar. He often saw it sitting on the stone wall between the Dursley's yard and the neighbour's or sunning itself on the pavement. Then he noticed it even when he wandered off his relative's property, down at the play park, when he had to go to the small grocer's way over on Mayflower Street and even on occasion when he was walking to or from school, though that was a rarity. By the time he was seven, he figured out he saw it almost daily during the summer but not near as often during the school year. He used to kid himself that it probably had to go to cat school. As he remember it, it was sometime around his seventh birthday when he noticed it watching him from a much closer distance, especially when he worked in the back garden. One day he spotted it laying under a nearby bush as he weeded his aunt's flowerbeds behind the house. He wished he could just lay in the shade instead of slaving in the hot Sun without any water for hours on end. He had tried to befriend the animal but it never let him get very close, always drifting away if he approached it, keeping the distance fairly constant as long as there was suitable shade for it to lay in. Then there was that fateful day when things had changed. It was right after lunch, a lunch where one of those strange things that happened around him on occasion took place. Even though it was really all his whale of a cousin's fault, he'd been the one punished severely. Dudley, the aforementioned small whale, had knocked Harry's plate from his hands as he was carrying it to the sink. Not something all the unusual, Dudley tried that trick at least once a month or so. The problem on this particular day was because of what happened that morning, (another minor incident that we won't delve into at the moment), Harry had been warned by his Uncle Vernon, (a much larger version of whale than even Dudley), that "There will be no more of this funny business!" screamed at an ear splitting volume while turning a fascinating shade of purple. That brings us back to the incident at lunch with the plate. As Harry watched in horror as the plate flipped end over end, headed toward its ultimate demise by colliding with the hard unforgiving surface of the kitchen floor, he wished with all his might that somehow the plate would survive the coming impact. Well, somehow his wish was granted when unexpectedly the plate stopped falling to the floor and it somehow reversed directions, returning to his reaching hand. Now originally, Harry wasn't going to be breaking the stricture laid down by his Uncle, but he didn't think of that at the time. No, he just knew if anything happened, like breaking the plate, (even though it had really been his cousin's fault), he'd be in trouble. The really unfortunate thing was this took place in the sight of his Uncle. He had turned several colours that Harry had never observed before and before he could move out of reach, his Uncle had caught him with a really hard slap that landed squarely on his left cheek, bruising it deeply and splitting his lip. Uncle Vernon had exceedingly large beefy hands. A side-effect of this blow was that the plate's reprieve was short lived as it flew from Harry's hand as he flew across the kitchen and shattered against the back door. Harry was taken by surprise when as his Uncle had grabbed him by his collar to drag him to his cupboard under the stairs, his Aunt Petunia had screeched that he needed to finish weeding the rear garden. His Uncle had glared at him with a maniacal gleam in his eyes and unceremoniously thrown Harry out the back door, where he landed in an inelegant heap as he skidded across the concrete patio, adding quite a few bumps, bruises, scrapes and cuts to his already damaged body. Knowing there was nothing else to do if he wanted to escape further punishment, Harry had crawled over to the flowerbed and begun to weed. He was having a difficult time of it, not only because of how much he hurt, but because his eyes were clouded with the tears he refused to let fall. He was taken by surprise when he felt something soft and warm bump into his hand as he reached for a particularly stubborn weed and looking down he saw the strange cat rubbing up against him, mewing softly. Harry sat down and slowly reached out and scratched the cat behind its ears. He was further surprised when it climbed up into his lap, placed its paws on his chest and stood up inspecting his bruised face and split lip. For a moment he was worried that it was going to lick at the blood seeping from his lip, but the cat just sniffed him heavily before it gave a low growl of disapproval. Gently he began to stroke the cat's back and he gave a wan smile as it arched its back every time his hand ran down it. "My relatives don't like me very much," Harry sighed. He was surprised when he noticed the cat give him an unhappy look. "This isn't the first time something like this has happened, but I guess you'd know all about it as you've seen me even worse than this before," he said sadly. He gave a small smile when the cat gave him a soft growl and for some reason he thought it was agreeing with him. "But that's not the half of it," he sighed. "I never get enough to eat and I can't tell you how many meals I've missed. One of their other favourite punishments is to send me to my cupboard without letting me eat. There have been days where I haven't gotten anything to eat at all," he continued as he kept scratching the cat. The cat hissed and for a moment he thought he'd done something wrong and started to remove his hand, but then the cat nudged his hand with its head, urging him to continue scratching it. He noticed it give him a strange look when he had mentioned his cupboard and without even thinking about how strange it was for a cat to react like that, he continued explaining. "Yeah, I know, I'm ashamed to admit it but they make me stay in the cupboard under the stairs. They lock me in every night and let me out in the morning to cook breakfast. In fact they make me cook all the meals, even if they aren't going to feed me," Harry whinged sadly. He chuckled ruefully when the cat hissed its displeasure. "Yeah, I know. I guess I could understand it if there wasn't any other place to put me but my cousin Dudley has two rooms. One has nothing but all his broken toys in it and he hardly ever goes in there except to add some other thing he's broken," he sighed with a sad frown. The cat meowed and butted his hand with her head and rubbed it gently. "Did you know I didn't even know when my birthday was until I started school?" he asked as he sighed heavily. "I've never gotten a present, not for my birthday or Christmas or anything," he muttered sadly. "Of course they shower my whale of a cousin with presents, constantly. They even got him a present when he got his first exam back. He got a D but he got a present. I got a B and received a beating and spent the whole weekend locked in my cupboard and then they told me if I ever cheated again they'd really punish me good," Harry sighed, looking very forlorn. He eyed the cat, sniffling softly. "I didn't cheat and I told them that. They just got angrier and said that the only way I could have gotten a better grade that their precious Didikins, was to have done something unnatural. I don't even know what they really mean by that," he said sadly. "Yeah, I know that sometimes strange things seem to happen around me but what does that have to do with me getting a better grade on an exam?" he asked with a shrug. Harry gave the cat a soft,