Happy Birthday, Indeed Harry followed his former girlfriend into her bedroom, fortunately Hermione prevented Ron from following by grabbing him by the elbow and pulling him up the stairs. Ginny halted and motioned for Harry to keep quiet and listened closely at the door. She waited until she heard her brother's and Hermione's footsteps fade before she grabbed Harry's hand and hauled him out the door, closing it behind her softly. When Harry went to ask her what she was doing, she once more motioned him to keep quiet. Listening carefully, she began to lead him up the stairs, walking softly and avoiding the steps that she knew made noise when stepped on, making sure Harry did the same. Harry was really curious now but he knew he'd just have to wait till Ginny would give him an explanation of what she was doing. She stopped on the landing one floor above where her room was, glanced around and then led him a short way down the hall to a door that Harry didn't even known was there. She glanced around one last time before slowly opening the door and dragged him inside. Harry was surprised to find them in a small closet and he wondered what Ginny was up to. She smiled and pushed a bunch of old coats on hangers to one side and then she reached down and felt along side an old trunk resting against the back wall. Harry saw her grin at him when he heard a soft click. Ginny grabbed the opposite side of the trunk and with a strong pull, twisted it out of the way. Behind where the trunk had sat was a small opening, just large enough for them to get through if they crawled on their hands and knees. She motioned him to follow her as she knelt down and crawled forward. Harry found himself watching her pert bum wiggle as she crawled and he had to take a deep calming breath before he could bring himself to follow. Once inside he found them in a small space that was about four foot wide, seven feet long and about four and a half to five feet tall. Glancing around he saw all sorts of decorations that he associated with a young girl. Along the one wall was a child's play cooker and cabinets and several small book cases. The far wall from the entrance actually had a small window that looked out over the back garden. The wall opposite the cooker, had a small rod on which hung a variety of small dresses and costumes, everything from a Mermaid to a Princess. There were also several posters and hand drawn pictures. Harry wasn't surprised to see one of a unicorn and he was only slightly surprised to see an earlier version of the Holyhead Harpies poster that hung in her bedroom. What made him smile the most was the Harry Potter poster and several hand drawn pictures that were obviously of him, or at least how a very young Ginny had envisioned him. He glanced at her and she shrugged and gave him a slightly apologetic look. Drawing her wand, she cast a couple of spells, before she turned back to him and smiled. "We can talk now," she said with a satisfied look. "Where are we?" Harry asked, looking around. Ginny sighed, looking around too. She gave him a small smile, obviously reminiscing about the past. "This is my secret place," she said softly. "Bill made it for me when I was about six. The Twins had really been giving me a hard time and finally made me cry. Mum was busy and asked Bill to take care of me while she gave the twins a piece of her mind." She gave a soft chuckle. "If I remember correctly they had a hard time sitting down to dinner that night." Ginny shifted and sat next to Harry, her eyes taking in a number of things in the small space. Harry's gaze followed Ginny's and he looked at a small simple crown or tiara that had a small stick with a sparkle covered star fastened to the end. Then to a small stuffed dragon and finally a small hand-made doll. When he looked closely at the doll, he noticed it had green buttons for eyes, black yarn for hair and a zigzag, lightening bolt line drawn in ink on its forehead. He couldn't help smile when he realized it was a small replica of him. Ginny grabbed it and pulled it into her lap, chuckling softly. "I guess you're wondering about this?" she asked with a small smile. "Only if you want to tell me," Harry replied giving her a warm look. "Mum made him for me for my fifth birthday," she said with a grin. "Needless to say, I carried him with me almost everywhere I went for many years." Harry gently took the doll from Ginny's hands and looked at it carefully. He noticed Ginny eyeing him worriedly so he smiled at her. "I find that rather sweet," he said softly, his eyes glowing warmly. Ginny took the doll back and stared at it for a second. "We had wonderful tea parties all the time," she said quietly, obviously thinking back to her childhood. Harry's smile took on a sad quality. "It's nice to think that at least he was having a good time," he said wistfully. Ginny reached across and gave Harry's hand a squeeze, giving him a supportive smile. She sighed and set the Harry doll aside. "This isn't why I brought you here," she said nervously. "Just why did you bring me here?" Harry asked. "So we wouldn't be interrupted when I did this," Ginny whispered as she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him passionately. At first Harry was taken by surprise but then as Ginny's kiss persisted, he began to return it with equal fervour. Ginny's hands began to roam to places that they had never ventured before. Harry pulled back in shock, staring deep into Ginny's chocolate brown eyes and found them ablaze with passion and determination. He looked at her questioningly. Ginny stared into his eyes. "I want this more than anything," she whispered fiercely. Seeing she wouldn't be denied, Harry nodded and pulled her back in to his body in a crushing kiss. His hands began to roam as much as hers and soon clothing began to be shed. Harry gasped as Ginny pulled her shirt over her head, exposing her naked chest to his view. "You're not wearing a bra," he said in shock. Ginny gave him an exasperated look, clearly saying, "No shite, Sherlock," before she reached for the hem of his shirt and began to remove it. Because they were in a fairly cramped place, he had to help her finally get it off. As soon as it was gone, Ginny crushed herself back against him, kissing him deeply, further fuelling the fire that was enveloping them. Harry loved feeling Ginny's pert breasts against his chest, her nipples hard as diamonds, stimulating his own as they rubbed together. Finally having enough of that, he wanted to see, touch and taste the little points of delight and he laid her back on the pillows that were spread on the floor. Ginny eyed him smokily, a smile dancing on her lips as she lay their waiting for him to join her. Harry paused for a moment, feasting his eyes on Ginny's treasures, before he laid down with her and took one of her nipples in his mouth. Ginny arched her back, forcing her breast tighter against Harry's hot, clinging mouth, sending such exquisite pleasure rocketing through her body. She moaned deeply, loving what he was doing but she found she wanted even more. Harry switched breasts, lavishing her other breast and nipple just as he had the first, this time taking the breast his mouth had just left into his hand and he massaged it and rolled the nipple between his fingers, adding to the pleasure he was giving the woman he loved. Ginny was moaning continuously, running her hands through his unruly raven coloured hair. She'd never felt anything so wonderful and she didn't want it to stop. She felt a growing warmth and wetness down between her legs and she felt a deep aching want inside of her nether region. "Harry," she moaned, "Please touch me." Harry was confused for a moment, figuring he was doing a pretty damn good job of touching her already. Then Ginny thrust up with her pelvis and he felt the hot dampness down below and what she was asking for finally filtered through his hormone fogged brain. He sat up and with Ginny's help he was able to pull down her shorts and knickers, exposing her most intimate place to him. As beautiful as he found her breasts, there was something more alluring about her centre, now visible for the first time. Her red pubic hair was rather sparse, exposing her swollen nether lips for him to see. He couldn't believe how wet she was, to the point that her pubic hair was plastered to her skin. Ginny found herself blushing as Harry stared at her most private place and it wasn't until he moaned and dropped his head down and kissed her there that she knew he wasn't put off by the sight of the sweet nectar dripping out of her. If what he had been doing to her breasts felt wonderful, what his hot mouth and tongue were doing to her centre was a thousand times better. She groaned as she thrust her hips up trying to increase the pleasure she was experiencing. Harry added a finger to his explorations and discovered her engorged nub, now protruding from its hood. Ginny gasped when Harry touched her nub, her pleasure increasing ten fold and she moaned loudly, letting him know she approved of what he was doing. Harry was forced to grab her arse cheeks to keep from losing touch with Ginny due to her writhing. Unable to use his finger, he made sure he used his mouth to keep lavishing attention on her nub as well as her dripping slit. Ginny felt a pressure growing inside of her, the likes of which she'd never experienced before. Just when she thought she'd lose her mind, the pressure released in an explosion of pleasure that ripped through her body. She saw splashes of colour dancing on the inside of her eyelids as a fiery sensation rocketed through her but instead of burning, it added more pleasure to what she was already feeling. She screamed out Harry's name, lost to everything but what she was feeling from Harry's ministrations. Harry felt Ginny tensing but he was still taken by surprise when she suddenly thrust her hips up so forcefully that he felt his head being pushed back and he heard her screaming his name. Ginny collapsed back, breathing raggedly and though she felt as limp as a rag doll, she felt a deep aching need down in her centre and she knew she was ready for more, much more. Fighting the fatigue she felt in her limbs, she pushed Harry onto his back and began to tug at his shorts. Harry raised his arse and helped Ginny remove his shorts and boxers, finally kicking them off his feet, leaving him nude. Ginny smiled hungrily at Harry's already hard member and she reached out and gently wrapped her hand around it, stroking it softly. Harry groaned in appreciation, feeling Ginny's soft hand touching him right where he had dreamed about. Ginny's eyes briefly darted to Harry's and she smiled seductively before she knelt down and guided him into her hot, wet mouth. Harry's eyes fluttered shut and he shuddered as he felt Ginny's mouth engulf his throbbing manhood. It was better than he had ever imagined and he moaned deeply at