Late Night Revelations Harry Potter was wandering the halls of Hogwarts under his Invisibility Cloak late at night, well after curfew. It was something he took to doing when he couldn't fall asleep or when he was awoken by a nightmare or vision from Voldemort. Normally he didn't see nor hear hardly anything other than a stray ghost or two also wandering the corridors but this night was different. As he was travelling down one of the more secluded corridors he heard a low moaning sound. Now in an ancient castle filled with ghosts, hearing something moan wasn't all that unusual and because of that fact one tended to become accustom to the sounds they made. That fact being known, Harry knew whatever was making the sound wasn't in all probability one of the resident ghosts. Another known fact within the hallowed halls of Hogwarts was the fact that Harry could on occasion be more curious than was good for him. His curiosity piqued, Harry followed the sound of the low moaning to find its source. The sound seemed to be coming from a storage room that was far down the hall. Harry slowly and silently opened the door and slipped inside. Once there he froze in his tracks, his eyes widening and his jaw dropping open at what her saw before him. There before him on a small makeshift bed knelt Luna Lovegood on all fours facing the door and positioned behind her was Ginny Weasley. The most astounding thing was they were both naked and it appeared that Ginny was pounding away into Luna like she was a bloke. Harry stood transfixed as he watched the two witches before him, his manhood becoming rock hard in an instant. "Oh yes, Ginny. That's it. You always can get me off better than I can myself," Luna moaned dreamily. "I just know you and want a woman wants," Ginny grunted in reply as she continued to slam into Luna hard from behind. While Harry thought Luna looked really hot with her long dirty blonde hair handing down around her and the way her breasts were swinging in time with Ginny's thrusts, along with of all things, her butterbeer cap necklace, it was the beautiful redhead that really drew his attention and his growing desire. Her breasts were also bouncing with every hard thrust of her hips and her long shimmering red hair was floating and dancing around her head as she pounded Luna. Harry had never seen anyone look so beautiful; to him it was if Aphrodite, Venus, Freya or some other erotic Goddess had come down to Earth and appeared before him. Her body was coated with a thin sheen of sweat and her skin was glowed in the soft light of the torches along the wall. Several tendrils of her long, silky fiery hair were stuck to her face. Just looking at her made his breath catch in his throat and his manhood throb painfully. "So close, Ginny. . . . please don't stop," Luna moaned as she threw her head back. "I have no intention of stopping, my little Luna Love bug," Ginny murmured softly to the near frantic blonde. If anything she picked up the speed with which she was slamming into the blonde. "I do wish you'd let me use our toy on you too," Luna pouted as she groaned under Ginny's assault. "You know why I won't, so quit asking, besides I love it when you go down on me," Ginny replied breathlessly. "Would you let Harry Potter?" Luna suddenly asked, her eyes gleaming as she looked back over her shoulder at the redhead. "You know I would but he doesn't even know I'm alive," Ginny grunted out in reply, obviously unhappy about that fact. "Oh, I'm sure he knows your alive," countered Luna with a huge smile. "Likely story," Ginny whinged. "I swear he purposely ignores me in the common room." "Well, he's not ignoring you right now, in fact he can't take his eyes off of you," Luna giggled smugly. "What!?" Ginny cried out, her eyes darting around everywhere. When she didn't see him anywhere, she relaxed a little and slapped Luna hard on the arse. "Don't do that to me," she chided as she tried to get her panic back under control. Luna reached back and rubbed her arse cheek that Ginny had spanked. "There's no call for that, and when have I ever lied you?" she pouted, giving Ginny a hurt look. Ginny slowed her actions though she did keep thrusting into Luna, it was with much less vigour as she thought about what the blonde had said. "But . . .," she said unsurely. Luna rolled her eyes. "Just cause you can't see him, doesn't mean he's not here," she replied smugly. Ginny's eyes widened and she began to glance around the room once again, wondering if what Luna was saying could be true. While she wanted nothing more to become his girlfriend and lovers with the raven-haired young man, she wasn't quite sure she was really ready to lose her virginity, even if it would be with Harry. Besides, he couldn't really be standing somewhere in the room without her seeing, could he? Luna turned her head and stared right at where Harry was standing under his Invisibility cloak. "Why don't you join us instead of just watching," she moaned softly with one of her dreamy smiles. Ginny felt her heart lurch as her eyes bugged out and she almost panicked but when no one appeared she began to relax once again. "Come on Harry," Luna teased, crooking her finger toward the door. Ginny's eyes almost popped out of her head when suddenly someone with raven black hair began to appear in front of her and Luna. Harry froze at first when Luna spoke directly to him, staring at her wide-eyed. He found it inconceivable that she might actually be able to see him. He had to admit to himself that the idea was very tempting, his manhood was harder than it had ever been and was straining against his pyjama bottoms quite painfully and his bollocks felt like they would explode if he didn't receive some relief soon. When Luna summoned him with her finger, he shook his head lightly, knowing that somehow the somewhat strange girl really knew he was there and really did want him to join her and Ginny. Giving in, Harry slowly pulled the cloak over his head, exposing himself inch by inch, feeling like he was in one of his erotic dreams. Once it was clear of his body he slowly made his way over to the small bed, stopping right before Luna and Ginny, his eyes feasting on their delectable flesh, especially Ginny's pert breasts that mesmerized him as they bounced. To him, they seemed perfectly shaped, not overly large but not small by any means and then there were her nipples. They were standing up proudly, hard little nubs of a warm coral colour that matched her areolas. Harry felt his mouth watering and he wondered what they would feel and taste like and it looked like he was going to be able to find out real soon. Ginny blushed deeply, well past the light pink she had been from her exertions from shagging Luna. While she was feeling mortified by Harry's presence, she also felt a growing desire deep down inside of her groin and she unconsciously let out a soft moan as she felt her sheath flood with her nectar. She felt her embarrassment recede a little when she noticed him staring at her breasts with a look of awe on his face, and she found herself smiling a little. Luna dropped down onto her elbows and reached out, grabbing Harry's pyjama bottoms, tugging them down sharply, freeing his rock hard member. "Oooh, Ginny, you're going to have such a great time," Luna cooed as she studied Harry's hard on. Harry couldn't hardly believe what was happening and he just stood there for a moment, his senses on overload as he took everything in. Not only was he seeing two beautiful, very naked witches up close, he could smell the powerful aroma of their sexual pheromones and feel the heat coming off their bodies. "Come on, Harry," Luna called, snapping Harry's attention back to reality. He kicked off his slippers and pants as he started to unbutton his shirt. While he didn't think he was all that much to look at he couldn't help but notice the way Ginny licked her lips and her eyes took on a burning look of desire. Finally free of his clothing, he stood there naked under the gaze of the two beautiful witches. Luna reached out and grabbed him by the hips, wanting Ginny to be the first one to touch his throbbing member. "Come on, Harry, we're waiting," she teased playfully, her eyes dancing merrily. Harry climbed a little awkwardly onto the bed, kneeling right in front of Luna, unsure of what to do. Luna giggled and looked up at him. As tempting as his manhood was right before her, she knew that Ginny was the one for Harry and deserved to be first. "Stand up and straddle my back," she whispered to him with an impish grin. Harry nodded and stood, then he moved forward until he was right before Ginny. Ginny's eyes locked onto Harry throbbing manhood and tracked it as it came closer and closer. She licked her lips again, wanting to feel it in her mouth, something she'd only dreamed of up to now. When Harry stopped right before her, she glanced up into his blazing emerald eyes and saw his desire for her. She felt her body responding to his look and she moaned softly, knowing that one of her dreams was about to come true. Tentatively at first, she opened her mouth, leaned forward and enveloped his manhood, sliding it as far in as she could. Both moaned deeply as Ginny's mouth surrounded Harry's manhood. "Oh Ginny," Harry groaned as the exquisite sensation of Ginny's hot, moist mouth engulfed him. He reached down and began to run his hand through her soft, silky, flaming tresses, adding to the wonderful things he was experiencing. Ginny began to bob her head back and forth, taking about half of his hard member into her mouth. She moaned as she felt its hot flesh responded to what she was doing, feeling it throb and pulse as she massaged it with her tongue and lips. She reached up and gently began to manipulate his bollocks, adding to what he was feeling. Harry's eyes drifted shut and his head fell back as he revelled in what Ginny's hot, moist mouth and hand were doing to him. He had never experienced anything so wonderful before. On their own volition, his hips began to thrust minutely into Ginny's mouth, adding even more pleasure to what he was experiencing. Ginny was in heaven, thoroughly enjoying sucking Harry's manhood, one of her dreams coming true. She loved the way he was reacting to what she was doing and she couldn't help but be pleased with herself as it seemed she was doing a more than adequate job for her first time. Luna giggled and slid off Ginny's strap-on, the redhead was now so thoroughly engrossed with sucking Harry that she had stopped shagging her. She rolled over and watched as Harry and Ginny enjoyed what they were doing. Deprived of Ginny's dildo, she began playing with herself, enjoying the show above her. As much as Ginny was enjoying what she was doing, she began to feel a growing need down in her centre and she couldn't wait until she felt Harry inside of her, all doubts about losing her virginity vanishing. Harry groaned out in frustration when he felt Ginny's mouth leave his pulsing manhood and he looked down at her questioningly. Ginny smiled at