A/N: This is my first fanfic so I'm going to try and make it the best! This is a Teacher/Student relationship with also fluff, smut and violence so beware. Also a non-vampire AU. I don't own Twilight or any of the characters here, I do own the story, though. I'm going to be using first person for the first chapter so the readers can get more of an understanding about how Bella is feeling about the move. However, throughout the rest of the story I will be using third person viewpoint. Thank you for reading and leave a comment to let me know how it is I had never given much thought to how I would die, but dying in the hands of someone I love sounds like a good way to go. The thing is about death is that most people are afraid of it and try to change the course of their life. I am not part of the category of most people. I am not afraid of death. What happens, happens and I believe that is a part of life. That is probably why I decided to move in with my dad, Charlie. After he and my mom got a divorce, I only saw him during summers and eventually, that stopped too. I missed him, not like I would ever admit it out loud. It was hard on Charlie when mom got remarried to Phil, most likely because he didn't have anyone to fill the void that mom had left. I honestly felt bad for Charlie. He is a police chief in the town of Forks, Washington, so that probably takes up most of his time. One look at Charlie and anyone could tell what kind of personality he had, same as me. We are both introverts and are completely okay with that. However, mom is a different story, she's always been very outgoing and willing to help anyone she thinks is in need of it. That is probably why she and Phil are a great match. So, the reason I am moving to Forks, one of the gloomiest places besides Seattle, is to give mom and Phil some time to settle down and live their life. Also, Phil was barely home and mom stayed home with me while he was away, but I always knew she missed him. Phil is a minor league baseball player and mom never got to see him much since I was younger. So I figured I could see Charlie but also be able to give mom and Phil some time together. Mom was taking me to the airport around noon to and I had about thirty minutes to get everything together and tell her and Phil goodbye for now. I grab my red and black plaid coat that was laying on the bare bed and slung on my backpack that was stationed on the carpeted floor of my old room. I was going to need it when I start my classes for my first year in college in Forks. My mom and Phil could be heard from the kitchen, chatting about where they are going to chat. The happiness in moms' voice makes me smile. I move towards the cracked door and pull it open by the door knob. While my hand is on the doorknob, I lean down and grab my busted up slip on vans and set them out in front of me so I can easily slip them on. After I pushed my foot inside the shoes, I kicked them to make sure they are riding my feet comfortable and won't bug me while I am on the plane for my 'hometown'. Granted the flight is only about two hours, it's still a must for me to be comfortable, that way I am less anxious about flying. With my shoes now on I take one last look around my empty old bedroom and inhale the smell of memories that the walls had captured over the years. I was really going to miss Arizona and most of all mom. After I took in the bareness of the walls and emptiness of my bedroom I stepped outside of the doorway and pulled the door shut behind me. I made my way down the hallway and glanced at the black and gray small watch on my wrist and noticed the time was 11:45. With my backpack slugged over my shoulder and my scrapped up vans, I made it into the living room and smiled at Phil when he saw me coming down the hall. Mom was on the phone, probably with Charlie, talking about when we are leaving for the airport. I smiled back at Phil as I moved into the kitchen and leaned against the counter with my backpack still strapped on my shoulder. One strap hung to the side and when I leaned against the counter the backpack smashed against my back and the counter top. "Ready to go, kiddo?" His raspy voice called out to me over moms' voice while she as telling Charlie bye and that I would be there at the airport around 2:30 pm. I nodded at Phil's' question and smiled at mom when she flickered her watery eyes at me. "Oh Bells, I'm going to miss you so much." Mom said as she wrapped her arms around me into a tight hug. I returned the hug and inhaled her perfume. With my mom crying, I might have to as well. I was going to miss the hell out of her. "I know mom but during the summer I can visit you and Phil in Florida once you guys get settled down?" I said in a voice that was in question, but I already knew the answer to it. "Of course you silly girl. I wouldn't want it any other way." I nodded when I heard her speak into my ear while she hugged me and smiled. "Mom, as much as I am going to miss you, we need to leave or we will be late catching my flight." She nodded and didn't pull away at first, she took her time and when she finally did she looked into my eyes and her warm hands rubbed my arms affectionately. "We will be seeing you soon, and you're going to call me every week for an update." Her voice left no argument so I had no choice but to agree. I nodded once in confirmation and rolled my eyes with a small smile on my lips. After the heartwarming moment in the kitchen, we all grabbed the rest of our bags and made it to the airport with less than a few minutes to go. I gave mom and Phil a few more hugs and goodbyes as I made my way to the lines for security, which took forever for them to check my two suitcases and backpack that I was allowed to carry on the plane. I rolled my eyes as I finally passed through all the security, I put my suitcases on the ramp that stored the onto the plane I was getting on and made it to where the boarding for my plane was. I looked back and saw mom and Phil waving at me. Mom's eyes were watery and a few tears leaked and she had a cheeky but sorrowful smile on her face and it looked like she was saying goodbye to me for forever. Phil had his arm around her and his face was happier, not that he was happy I was leaving, just happy that I was happy. He was a good man like that and I smiled and waved back at both of them. I turned back to the boarding entrance of my plane and clutched the strap of my backpack on my shoulder. I closed my eyes as nerves and butterflies fluttered in my stomach and I inhaled deeply through my nose. I was going back to Forks; a place I hadn't been to since I was younger. Not only that but I was going to start my first year of college there and will have to make new friends and change the routine I have in Arizona. I sighed softly and pulled myself together as I opened my eyes. I walked up to the counter at the entrance and pulled out my ticket for boarding the plane. I showed it to the lady at the desk who scanned it and smiled as she handed me my ticket back with a receipt. I smiled back and moved to the side and walked onto the plane that was already boarding. I lifted my watch and flickered my eyes down to the digits that illuminated and read the time, 12:00 pm on the dot. I smiled and walked down the aisle and sat in my seat and buckled up. I pulled off my backpack and put it at my feet. This was going to be a fun flight. It was 2:25 pm according to my watch on my arm when I landed, the plane came to a stop on the runway and I sighed in relief that the flight had been without problems. The flight attendants spoke over the intercom and told us to unbuckle and gather our carry-on baggage. I unbuckled my seatbelt and grabbed my backpack. I pulled it on both shoulders and fixed my black V-neck shirt to fit my form better. I walked out into the busy aisle and shouldered past people carefully to exit the plane. My nerves are showing themselves again as I move closer to the plane exit/entrance. I was going back to Forks and going to see Charlie again. When I was younger Forks was never my favorite place, I always loved Arizona, even though I am extremely pale for someone who lived in Arizona. While I walked out into the lobby of the airport I looked out the windows to the gloomy weather of Washington. The sky was gray and in the distance, I could see fog and mist across the land. Forests could also be seen the closer I looked. My vision left the windows and moved over to where the suitcases were being distributed. I walked over and found my two suitcases and pulled them off of the belt. They had 'Bella Swan' on the tags and I pulled one of the suitcases behind me while one of my hands carried the other. My backpack hit my back as I walked and I was careful not to have the wheels on one of the suitcases hit the back of my ankles. I moved towards the entrance of the small airport, it was quite smaller than Arizona's, most likely due to it not being as crowded in the rural area. Out of all the people in the port, I could see the top of Charlie's head peeking out from everyone else's. I smiled slightly and made my way over to him. He had his hands in his pockets and he was almost overflowing with nerves, oh how easy he is to read. I walked over to him and his face started to shift, from excitement to nerves to happiness. His lips curved into a smile and his hands started to reach out to take my suitcase I was carrying so all I had to do was pull along another. "Welcome back, Bells," his gruff voice said. I smiled in appreciation of him taking the suitcase and nodded a little awkwardly. "Good to be back…" I said quietly with a hint of sarcasm, and as much as I hated to admit it, it might be a good thing I decided to move back to Forks. We made our way to his truck that was parked in the front. The temperature dropped and I had to pull on my red and black plaid jacket I had carried in my backpack on the airplane. It was actually colder than I thought it