THE EXPERIMENT - Part 1 . . March 20th, 2004 Her hair was hideous. No, it really was horrible, resembling something that could have come out of an Alien film. And, as if her big hair occupying most of the shop wasn't enough, she was drenched and shivering, droplets hanging from her wild curls and her dark eyelashes, the water soaking her clothes and shoes puddling onto the old carpet covering the floor. Can't manage a simple Impervius Charm, girl? Tom sneered inwardly, plastering a pleasant smile across his face when the girl walked up to the counter. "Hello," he greeted her smoothly, his wand hitching to dry the mess that she was since she seemed oblivious to her ghastly state. "How can I help you?" "Oh, erm, good morning," the client said absently, her eyes busy surveying the place around her. Tom had the feeling the woman was growing nervous with each second spent in there- nervous and confused considering that it was afternoon, not morning. Granted, the sky didn't look much different from that of five hours before, still dark and pouring down rain like it'd been for more than a week. It was March after all. At last, deciding that in order to leave it was better to hurry, the woman looked up at Tom with an uncertain smile. "I ordered a book. Mr Burke sent word that it was to arrive this morning..." she trailed off, tilting her head. When Tom didn't move but merely kept smiling down at her, she raised her eyebrows and gave a little jerk of her head, expectant. "Many articles came in this morning, I need a title," the young man drawled, pulling a notebook from the counter's drawer. He skimmed the pages until he reached the one containing the list of items acquired that week. There weren't really that many items, but better let the clients think the shop was swamped by orders and offers, or so Mr Burke had told him when he first started working as an assistant here. Glancing up from the records, Tom found the woman searching the pockets of her coat, cursing under her breath for a good thirty seconds until she felt what she was looking for in the pockets of her jeans. Clearing her throat, she slipped a small card on the counter. Tom's eyebrows shot to his hairline upon reading the scribbled words. His gaze flickering back and forth between the items' records and the girl's card, Tom checked if there was some mistake- there wasn't. "One moment," he muttered, swinging around towards the back of the shop. Heading to the chest where he'd put the books arrived in the morning, he wasted no time removing its wards and Summoning a heavy tome. Hidden from view by a curtain, the man awed over the book in his hands, opening it gently, careful of the binding falling off. If I make it disappear now, Burke will have my balls later. The girl, on the other hand... she didn't seem that bright. I can take her money and Obliviate her easily enough. Yes, that would do. Returned to the front of the shop, Tom arched an eyebrow at the sight of a completely different person from the one he'd left minutes before. So she does know how a wand works , he mused, peering at her from under his eyelashes while crossing her order in the notebook. The woman was dry now, her mane still wild but appearing less of a creature and more like actual hair. The pool of water on the carpet was gone. " The truth of Magick – Beyond the Dark and Light Arts by Hereward," Tom read the book's title laid between them on the counter. "What could a girl like you want with such a reading?" The woman curled her lips in a stiff smile. "That's this girl's business." Bitch . Tom kept his own smile in place. "Of course. It isn't my place to ask questions, I hope I haven't offended you-" "You haven't," she reassured him, even though her guarded eyes said otherwise. "It's one hundred twenty galleons, right?" "And eleven sickles," Tom nodded, waiting for her to find her wallet or wherever she kept the money. "Eleven sickles," she repeated. "That's what I said- Do you need help?" Tom asked, seeing her struggling in her quest, her hair beginning to stand as if electrified. "Thank you, but no," she said, huffing. She eventually found a small mokeskin pouch in the breast pocket of her coat and drew out a handful of golden and silver coins. She quickly counted them before handing Tom half of it. Soon as he finished verifying the payment and put it in the cash register, the sound of a bell ringing had Tom's head snap towards the door. "Hey!" Tom called after the girl, rounding the counter in a flash. He lunged for the door through which she'd left without so much as a 'thank you', but she was already half-way in the busy cobbled street, her figure a blur under the shitload of rain lifting dust and a thin layer of fog off the ground- and within the next blink of his eyes she disappeared. . . April 18th, 2004 When April rolled around, a new wave of clients hit Burke's shop, much to the owner's happiness and irritation, and business picked up a better pace. That meant more missions for Tom to rescue objects of value and to sell items from and to knut-pincher collectors, something he always handled with the best of his skills of persuasion and deception. Burke still complimented his employee for the more than positive results he presented him, always amazed with how much ease Tom managed to obtain both money and invaluable articles, but what the old man didn't know was that Tom had had years of practice as a student at Hogwarts and a poor boy in a Muggle orphanage. If there was something that hunger and poverty had taught Tom as a child, it was how to sharpen his abilities and not give up from trying to get what he needed and wanted. "Only two hundred for this locket?" Burke whistled, looking intently at the silver locket dangling from its chain in front of his nose. "This is a treasure. You really know how to work your charms on that old hag, boy." Without anything to say, Tom gave his boss a small smile and the man shooed him away with his hand, dismissing him for the day. The afternoon sun was a pale disc in the sky, its rays not enough to chase away the cool air lingering after weeks of rain, so Tom hugged his coat closer around his limbs, too lazy to draw out his wand and cast a Warming Charm on himself. Tom liked solitude, or liked the familiarity of it, having always found himself alone, in an empty room or in a crowd, since a child, but today, strolling through Diagon Alley, his eyes half-heartedly roaming over the passers-by and vendors, the shop windows lining the busy street showing new products and goodies, he didn't feel like going home just yet. The prospect of stepping in his ramshackle flat just to sit in bed and get his head in a book wasn't appealing. Ambling down a narrow side street, Tom thought about sending an owl to either Malfoy or Nott, but, again, the idea died just as it came, knowing that the company of his Knights wasn't what would fill the emptiness that was starting to yawn inside his chest- the sensation that was gradually leaving him utterly frustrated. Walking back to the main street, Tom sighed, deciding just to go back home and be done with it. Pushing his way through the horde of people heading in his opposite direction, he clenched his jaw not to snap at the jostling bodies stumbling in his feet. It seemed that people were stubbornly trying to get in his way this afternoon. Whatever , Tom thought, his gaze catching the signboard of Flourish and Blotts two shops down the road. The bookshop wasn't packed, but it looked busy enough with the number of customers huddled around the counter and the occasional person wandering down the aisles between rows of floor-to-ceiling bookcases. Tom hadn't visited the shop in a while, not since the last time he'd had to buy school books- more than five years ago. And at the age of twenty-three he was still here, working as a shop-assistant in a notorious shop of Knockturn Alley- a hole, really, facing on a dark alley frequented by unsavoury people looking for dark artefacts, illicit products or a cheap fuck. But it wasn't the people that bothered Tom, and neither his work did. No, what made him grit his teeth was the fact that he was still here, that the strings his followers were pulling for him were slow to work and easy to break, that after six years his name was still Tom Marvolo Riddle. Young and gentle Tom Riddle. Patience , Tom reminded himself, eyeing the books stacked in the shelf in front of him. Patience. When Tom approached the front of the bookshop after an hour of idle roaming between the bookshelves, dread rose from the pit of his stomach as he got in line. "Thank you, sir. Have a good evening!" a cheerful voice exclaimed from behind the counter. Nodding, the man in front of Tom tucked his purchase under his armpit and walked out of the shop, making the voice's owner come into view. The corner of Tom's lips curled downwards. Oh no, not the bitch woman. As if reading his mind, the woman glanced up from the cash register, her smile faltering, but only for a moment. "It's you," she stated, blinking. "Me," Tom confirmed, refraining himself from rolling his eyes. He placed a pile of books on the counter, pushing it slightly towards the girl to remind her of her duty as shopkeeper. "Oh, right," she laughed, busying herself with Tom's purchase. "Big reader?" Tom shrugged. "Something like that." Indeed he was buying quite the number of books, enough to keep his hands full for a few weeks. While the girl checked each volume, Tom peered down at her, noticing that her hair wasn't as big as last time. Several soft dark-brown curls framed her face, escaping from her neat ponytail and swaying with the tilts of her head. Not like an Alien film at all , Tom thought, surprised of the stark difference between this girl and the one who'd entered his shop weeks before. He had to admit that she was... pretty. She had pretty eyes, warm and chocolate-like. Her nose wasn't bad either, it was little and pert, a faint sprinkle of freckles covering the bridge- "-a bag?" A voice snapping out of his contemplation, Tom met the girl's eyes again. He frowned at her smile. "I asked, do you want a bag?" she said, her smile widening. "Yeah," he nodded. He clenched his jaw, annoyed for some reason that he didn't want to acknowledge. Shoving the odd feeling out of his head, he inquired, "That book you bought from us, have you read it yet?" The girl didn't have the time to shoot Tom a warning look that a disembodied male voice cried from the back of the bookshop, "'Mione, you traitor ! You bought a book from another store!?" The girl exhaled, glaring at Tom as if it was his fault if the unseen man had heard. "It's not what it sounds like!" she replied loudly, chucking Tom's books in a white plastic bag. "That cliché line only proves you are guilty!" "Will you throw me in Azkaban if I admit my sins?" A tall man appeared in the doorway giving to the back. "Depends on the book," he said, grinning down at the girl, who was now scoffing