This is how I think Katniss and Peeta's kids find out the truth about their parent's past. Hope you like it! Rue (Daughter)'s POV I plop down my backpack alongside my little brother's as I walking into our family's bakery. I walk into the back room to see my mother chopping up strawberries and my father taking out a cake from the oven. "Hi sweetheart," dad says with a grin. "How was your day?" "Ok," I shrug. "Tomorrow we're having this big assembly talking about the big Rebellion that happened years ago. The rebels' faces are finally going to be shown! The face of the rebellion is going to speak. I know the name of one of the speakers, Gale Hawthorn from District Four. That's the only name they gave us." "Gale Hawthorne, hu?" Dad growls a bit. "G-Gale Hawthorne's in town?" Mom stutters. Her gray eyes widen in surprise and she grips her knife even tighter. "Did you know him or something," my little brother, Haymitch, asks while looking up from his book. "How would she know him if he's from District 4," I ask, honestly wanting to know. "Maybe he changed districts after the Mockingjay Rebellion was over," he shrugs. I nod my head in recognition since that is a probable answer. "Mom, do you know Mr. Hawthorne?" I ask. "Know him?" Dad snorts, "if I wasn't around, he would've asked her to-" He's cut off by a knife lodged into the wall where his head was seconds ago. Dad gets up from his squatting position and glares at mom. She sends another knife at him, but this time she takes off a few wisps of his blond hair. "What the hell, Katniss!" Dad exclaims. "What was that for?! Gale's back in town and now you're trying to kill me off?!" "You know what it's for," mom glares at dad. She turns around to leave room, but stops at the door way. She flings another knife at dad, earning her another few hairs off of his head and a glare. "I've had several chances to kill you, Peeta, and I haven't taken any of them. Just because Gale's back for a while doesn't mean I'll leave you." With that, mom leaves the room. My brother and I exchange shocked glances and look to our dad for an answer. "Nope, I'm not getting killed just to answer your question. Katniss is capable of a lot more than knife tossing," Dad says with a shake of his head. "Will we get our answer?" Haymitch asks. "You will tomorrow." Dad tells us. "Until then, Rue, finish decorating this cake, I need to go see your Grandpa Haymitch and Grandma Effie." I nod my head and pick up one of the frosting dispensers. … "Hey Oliver," I say while slipping into the seat next to my best friend, Oliver Odair. "Are you excited for the assembly? We finally get to see the face of the people who won the Mockingjay Rebellion!" "Yeah," he nods with a slight shake of his golden hair. "My mom says she was alive during it, but she refuses telling me anything other than that and we're originally from District Four." "My mom started chucking knives at my dad when I mentioned this rebel named Gale Hawthorne. Apparently the three of them have a history and dad ended up with her instead of Hawthorne." Oliver smirks and amusement lights up his sea green eyes. I fight the blush from my cheeks, he's so handsome. I think he knows the effect he has on people and loves it. Damn that handsome face of his. Thankfully, there's a tapping on the microphone and a handsome man with dark brown hair, olive skin, and gray eyes immediately grabs the school's—especially the girls'—attention. From the looks of it, he is from District 12. "Hello, my name is Gale Hawthorne," he introduces himself. There are a few cheers from the senior's section of the auditorium. I shake my head in amusement; those girls sure are dauntless, aren't they? Hawthorne grins at the crowd and chuckles. "I know I'm handsome, but please, I'm old enough to be your father! I don't look it, do I?" He gives us all a wink and a smile. I can feel Oliver straighten up. I can tell that Oliver has an automatic liking to the man. Oh lord, I can't have two Oliver Odair's around, it'll be too much! "Moving on to the point of this assembly," Hawthorne says with a slight hardening of his gray orbs. "Thirty years ago, Panem was under a cruel tyranny, as you've read in your history books. Every year, one boy and one girl from every district were forced to go into the Hunger Games and forced to fight to the death under severe circumstances. Of the twenty-four kids that went into the Games, only one was able to come out victorious. That is, until the Capital had to deal with Katniss Everdeen, the Girl on Fire and our ultimate symbol of hope." No, it couldn't be my mom. It must be someone else. After all, Katniss is a common name Panem now. "I'd love to tell her story and how it lead to the Rebellion and much more, but I'm sure she would like to tell it herself. Welcome up the strongest person I know, Katniss Everdeen- Mellark." I stare in awe as my mother comes from behind the certain of the stage adorn in a somewhat tight black v-neck, a black jacket with red lining, green jeans that grasp her waist but fit loosely on her legs , and a pair of brown combat boots. On her back is a quiver of arrows and a very impressive-looking bow. "Hello," she says lightly. "As my old friend introduced me, I am Katniss Mellark, formerly known as Katniss Everdeen. I'm one of the few remaining tributes who survived." Mom grips the podium a bit and tilts her head down for a good minute. "I'm sorry, I haven't had to say that aloud in so long." Hawthorne stands up from his seat behind her and places a hand on my mother's shoulder, "Katniss if you don't want to you don't have t-" "I'm fine," she lightly brushes him off. She takes in a deep breath, "I won the Hunger Games when I was sixteen with who is now my husband, Peeta Mellark." My eyes widen even more, if that's possible and Oliver squeezes my hand for a second. My dad, of all people, was in those cruel games? He couldn't even hit a fly! Mom takes a jagged breath, "my sister's, P-Primrose's, name was called in the 74th Hunger Game's reaping. I wasn't going to let my little angel go into those dreaded Games. I worked so hard to make sure she survived, so I wanted to save her one last time. I was the first volunteer for District 12 in the history of the Hunger Games. Then Peeta Mellark, the boy who saved my family's and my lives with a simple, kind act when we were eleven was picked to fight to the death with me." Mom gives a bitter chuckle, "it's funny how he's the one who gave me a new reason for life and I was prepared to take his in the long run, isn't it? If it was to make sure I came back to Prim, I would do anything. I didn't give it a second though. Apparently, he did. He, alongside our mentor and the victor of the 50th Hunger Games Haymitch Abernathy, devised a plan to help me get out of there. Though I was annoyed and even made Peeta bleed because he made a public confession of his love for me in front of the whole continent. I felt like I was going to look weak, so I lashed out on him later that night. It turns out, he saved my life, once again. He made me look like something I never was, desirable. That got me sponsors and stirred up the Capital. They were full of pity for the Star-Crossed Lovers of District 12. "During our Games, Peeta joined the Careers to protect me. He knew where I'd hide and he wanted to make them go the other way. At the time, I just thought he was just one other person who wanted me dead, so I sawed off a hive full of tracker-jackers, poisonous wasp-like creatures that kill, depending on how much venom you receive. Though Peeta didn't die, a Career tribute named Glimmer did. She held the weapon that would lead me to victory, a bow and a quiver full of arrows. I snatched my precious bow in the mists of my hallucinations since I got stung by the jackers, too. Then a Career named Cato came back to get me. Peeta told me to run and distracted Cato. That earned him a stab in the leg by the brutal Career." I cringe, I can just imagine dad crying out in pain. I think that's why dad has a very realistic fake leg now. "After that, I ran and passed out. A little angel named Rue found me and took care of me while my body fought off the poison." Oliver squeezes my hand, that's the girl I'm named after. "She gave me herbs that sped up my healing and I allied her. Not because she helped me, but because she was so small, innocent, and pure. I honestly loved her, she was perfect. One day we decided to blow up the Career's supplies so they'd starve. Rue was to set off fires as a distraction and I'd light their things on fire. I discovered from watching the girl from Five dance through the trap, the boy from District 3 bobby trapped their things so they would only be able to get it. Luckily for me, they had some apples on the top of their pyramid. It took two arrows, but I cut through their bag and sent the apples topping to the floor. The whole thing blew up into bits. It even blew me back out of my tree and messed with my hearing for a while. I hid as some of the Careers came back and saw what happened. Cato snapped the boy's neck as I thought he would. "After they left and I was able to come out of hiding, I heard a scream that still echoes through my nightmares to this day… Rue . That was the only thing I could think, Rue. She was screaming for me and I was foolishly screaming back for her. I didn't care if Cato or his district partner Clove, that was undeniably good with knives," I wonder if she was better than mom is now, "heard me. I wanted to save the girl I basically adopted as my own sister. When I reached her, she was caught in a net and Marvel, the boy from District 1, threw a spear into her stomach. As soon as he released his weapon, he dropped to the floor dead by my arrow. This may sound cruel, but his death is one of the ones that don't haunt me. No, he took one of my angels, so I unremorsefully returned the favor. "I sang Rue to sleep and plaited her hair with flowers. I knew that they had to show the tribute being picked up out of the arena. That was when the outer rebellion began. My love for Rue, her lullaby, her decorating, and my three fingered goodbye started it all. "Later that night, they announced that there can be two survivors of these Games. I hunted Peeta down, nursed him back to health, and did everything in my power to make sure we survive. The next days pass by. I'm almost killed by Clove when retrieving medicine for Peeta's leg, Thresh, Rue's District Partner, kills Clove as a payment for avenging Rue's immediate death.