Summary A discovery forces Draco to change his views and beliefs, and he finds help to confront the entire wizarding society in the person he least expected it to. N/A: Beta'd by the lovely and amazing SrishtiMalfoy! Thank you so much! May 17, 2006 Draco paced in the great dining hall of Malfoy Manor, eyes unfocused and thoughts far away from there, an uncharacteristic demonstration of anxiety. Narcissa Malfoy was sitting on a comfortable velvet red chair, looking at her son with a discreet smile on her lips. Lucius kept the blank and disinterested expression he always wore. Draco threw an anxious glance to the clock on the wall, above the fireplace and resumed pacing. Time moved extremely slowly while they waited. "Draco, sit down here for a moment", Narcissa's calm voice snapped him out of his anxious state for a second and he silently obeyed. "Everything will be alright, you'll see", she reassured him, finding his behavior extremely amusing and endearing. "It's taking too long", he protested in a tone she only remembered hearing when he was a child, and laughed, relieved in seeing him behaving as something other than the unfeeling mask that he portrayed to the world. differently from the calculated disinterest he showed the world. "Well Draco, babies do tend to take time to be born, it is normal. As soon as Scorpius is born they'll let us know, don't worry." Draco grumbled in distress. He knew it was customary for only close female relatives to be around at childbirth, but pure-blooded traditions or not, he wanted to be at his wife's side. It took still two hours until the fireplace lit and a nurse's smiling face announced that Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy had finally been born. -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-. 2007 "Scorpius, you have to cooperate", Draco tiredly complained, sitting on his heels with a green robe in his hands. But Scorpius didn't seem willing to hear him, walking everywhere with his wobbly baby steps. Draco still remembered how happy he felt when his son started taking his first steps, but right in that moment, when they were already late to the Greengrass dinner and Scorpius dodged all his attempts to dress him properly, Draco wished he hasn't learned to walk yet. It was so much easier when he couldn't escape! Despite the horrible cries and all the drama he made when they tried to dress him, at least in that time he couldn't run away from Draco's fast hands, (that only couldn't get him now because Draco kept the robe's collar open in his hands to pass his son's tiny platinum-blond head through it the first chance he got). He had never imagined, in all his life, that the thing that would tire him out so easily would be a little one year old boy who called him "Dada". "Scorp", Draco called out again before huffing and standing up, stretching his legs that had fallen asleep. Maybe he didn't need to get dressed in the end. He was the host's grandson anyway, nobody would say a thing. "Draco! Why isn't he dressed yet?" Draco reluctantly turned around to look at his wife, standing in the doorway in her black high collar dress, her dark hair firmly trapped in an elegant bun. "He doesn't want to get dressed", Draco answered simply, shrugging his shoulders and offering Scorpius' robes to her. Astoria made an amused and irritated sound then arched an eyebrow. With an almost debauchery smile in her lips she said: "So you're telling me that Draco Malfoy, the Draco Malfoy, can't even dress a baby?", she laughed at the ridiculousness of the situation and at her husband's incredulous expression, and soon they started laughing together. "You'll see Tori, this little devil is awful!" Astoria calmly walked towards her son with the tiny robe hidden behind her body, a playful smile on her lips, feeling Draco evaluate her every movement. Learn from the master , she thought and kneeled down before her son, who now stared at her with wide curious grey eyes. "Hey baby", she cooed warmly, "Let's get pretty for mamma? Who is mommy's pretty boy? Who is?" Scorpius didn't really understand what her words meant, but he happily laughed the way he always did when she spoke like that to him. Astoria kept saying random things, praising him, drawing his attention and very slowly, taking advantage of his distraction, got him dressed a step at a time. With a victorious and very, very smug smile, she turned to Draco and said jovially: " That's how it's done". Draco simply laughed, shaking his head, incredulous with how easily she managed what he couldn't do in almost half an hour and leaned forward to kiss her lightly, enjoying the warmth he could only feel when he was right there, with his family. -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.- Lunches at the Burrow were always big events, especially on Sundays. But this one was special. Between shouts of congratulations and tight hugs, everybody celebrated the announcement that one more Weasley-Potter would be arriving in a few months period. Harry was the proudest man at the table, with a mile wide grin and his arms around his wife in a half embrace. "I hope it's a girl this time", he said and everybody laughed. That would be his third child with Ginny, after James and Albus. "If the Weasley blood is stronger", instigated George playfully, "We'll have one more little brat running through the house, and this time, a redhead!" Little by little the conversation changed in focus and everybody turned to Ron and Hermione when Molly asked them when they planned another child. Hermione choked on her pumpkin juice and have a sideways look to Ron who seemed unsurprised and unaffected by the question. "We're not thinking about having another child so soon", he calmly said, sipping his juice, "It's already a little complicated to conciliate our work and Rose." Molly seemed flabbergasted at the answer. "I already said you can leave her with me whenever you want! It must not be that hard to conciliate both things". "Molly", Arthur Weasley intervened, "They know when it's time to have another baby, or even if they want another baby", it didn't go unnoticed by Hermione the significant look he sent their way. With an ability and tact she wasn't expecting from him, Arthur changed the subject to something absolutely trivial and harmless and they were left in peace. Ron intertwined his fingers with Hermione's under the table and gently pressed her palm, smiling fondly at her. Hermione knew the question would come as soon as Harry and Ginny announced their pregnancy and she was still not prepared to answer it. She also knew, by the look Arthur gave them just moments earlier, that Ron had told him what was going on and silently thanked him for the support. Hermione felt Harry stare at her, studying her from the other side of the table, and moved uncomfortably in her chair. She took her's and Ron's glasses and walked to the kitchen saying she would wash them. It didn't take long for her to feel Harry's presence behind her. "Hermione, what's wrong?" She didn't turn to face him, keeping herself busy looking at the sink instead, washing the glasses the muggle way. "Nothing is wrong Harry", she answered lightly. "I know you Mione, I know when something is bothering you". This wasn't a talk she was eager to have with him, especially here, where everybody could easily hear them. "Hey Mione, let's go home?", Ron's voice broke the quick silence that installed there and she let out a relieved sigh. "Yes, just let me say goodbye to everyone", she answered drying her hands, completely ignoring Harry's eyes on her. -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.- "I think it is time we tell them", Ron's voice was so quiet she thought she imagined it. He looked at his hands, sitting on the couch, and she was standing in the middle of the living room, halfway through picking some of Rose's toys scattered on the floor. "What?" He raised his eyes to her, looking serious, and repeated louder: "I think it's time we tell them". Her eyes filled up with tears and she fought hard to push them back. "Tell them what?" He could see she was in denial, and his eyes softened. "It is time we tell them we're getting a divorce", his velvet voice filled with tenderness, barely concealed the sadness he felt hearing his own words. The tears she fought so hard to contain fell silently down her cheeks. "Isn't there anything we…?", she trailed off, her shaky voice disappearing slowly and she felt alone. She felt vulnerable standing there in the middle of the living room with her arms limp at her side. Ron stood from the couch and walked towards her, engulfing her in a tight embrace, feeling his own eyes water. She laced her arms around his neck, feeling small and helpless. They cried together, because this was all they could do now. They had realized their relationship wasn't the same anymore, little more than two years before. Despite the affection they felt for one another, they realized the prolonged distance – caused by Ron's Auror missions – didn't make her long for him anymore. They realized bit by bit, that the need for each other's body had decreased and that they felt more comfortable sitting together on the couch, talking in their pajamas. They looked for a therapist, for advices, for anything and everything that could bring their relationship back to life, but nothing seemed to work. Until one day, unintentionally, they found out Hermione was pregnant and all hope turned to that small little creature. Maybe this was what was missing, maybe forming a family would make their love stronger. In fact, Hermione's pregnancy period seemed to have brought the dawn of the old love, of the lost passion, but it wasn't long after Rose was born when they started questioning if those intense feelings weren't just excitement over the new life they had created, over the changes that were coming their way. Excitement over sharing a beautiful bond with their best friend. It took them much more time to understand, however, that they were just that: best friends. Ron realized it before her. He realized that other women seemed more interesting to him, that she wasn't the one he thought of first when making plans. But he also realized that she was searching for any way to save what they had, and he worked hard to help her. He loved her. He loved her deeply. Loved her enough to fight together with her, and to take any kind of therapy or counseling that existed. It hurt to let go of what they had. It hurt to see that, no matter how hard they tried, they couldn't find a solution. Because in the end, love is not supposed to be solved. Love should be natural, light, simple as breathing. The way it had been. Nobody knew it yet. Until last week, his father also did not even suspect anything, but he had needed to talk to somebody, he had needed a grown up advice, from someone who would think objectively about the situation and he thought his father was the better choice. They had decided not to tell anyone about their problems to not cause worry, and, most of all, to keep at bay disastrous tries, though filled with good intentions, of keeping them together. He knew how much his mother, for example, was an incurable romantic. They didn't need this kind of idealism in that moment, because knowing they were far from the ideal hurt. It was a great decision in the end, because they could think quietly and the conclusion they reached after everything was that they were friends. And as friends, they would face this new situation together. -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.- 2009 "Yesterday", Astoria broke the heavy silence with a calm voice. Draco only raised