Beginning to Live Chapter 1 Hi! So, this is a new story that I started about two years ago and I just recently began to add more to it and fix it up. It deals with eating disorders and could possibly be hard to read for some. I've had body issues ever since I was a kid, so I definitely do connect with this story in a way, even though it is not my own personal story. Despite my struggles, I'm not, and I do not know anyone with the severe eating disorders displayed in this story, so if I get anything medically wrong or just something wrong or offensive in general, do not hesitate to tell me. I'm relying on Google a lot with this story to help me make it as realistic as possible. With that being said, here's the first chapter, and afterwards, go check out my story Baby Be Mine if you want to! Don't forget to review - see you at the bottom! Disclaimer : I do not own Twilight. … The loud sounds of animated city life was something that slightly jarred me. People were bustling around, pushing past me and Renee at a speed that was just a little too fast, suitcases trailing behind them and briefcases swinging in their hands. Cars honked loudly in the long, exaggerated line of traffic and people hurried around to locate their Ubers or cabs. "Well, I certainly didn't miss Philly, I can tell you that," Renee huffed indignantly. "It smells like car exhaust and homeless people." I gave her a look, but didn't necessarily disagree. Back home in Olympia, the mood definitely wasn't quite as unsettling and rushed. It was calm and easy to be comfortable in. Renee and I had a nice, two-bedroom home in a neighborhood that was close to the Port of Olympia, where you had neighbors that waved to you every morning when you got the mail and every night when you locked up. Renee grew up in Philadelphia, but quickly moved across the state with her then boyfriend, Alec, to escape the smothering air that she insisted only resided in Philadelphia. The only reason why she was here is because my grandfather, George, had passed away a few days ago. He'd be laid to rest the day after tomorrow, right beside my grandmother, who died ten years ago from a long battle with ovarian cancer. In his will, he'd left a hefty sum of money to his only daughter and his townhouse, regardless of their rocky relationship. After hearing the news, Renee kind of had this stoic expression on her face. Her and her parents hadn't had the best relationship, mainly because she moved so far away and visited on some Christmas days and Thanksgivings, but I knew that beyond her often hard exterior, my mother was heartbroken. I immediately noticed the way she, almost mechanically, made arrangements for us to move to Philadelphia without really once mentioning her father's sudden demise. She had put up that apathetic facade, something she regularly did when palpable emotion was too much for her to handle. "Oh, I think that's our ride," Renee said, pointing to a large Escalade. We hurried over to our ride and began lifting our suitcases into the trunk. We'd only brought two each, and mom decided to have the rest of it shipped out, including her car. The ride to our new home took almost thirty minutes because of all the traffic from rush hour. My mother was on her phone with the company she was employed with, who had a corporate office downtown. She was the VP at Samsung Semiconductor, which is what mainly caused her life to be so busy and hectic at times. While she was on the phone, I busied myself with peering out the window and soaking up the vivid city life of Philadelphia. The streets were long and filled with cars, although people were also milling about the pavements and parks that we passed. The blocks are filled with different kinds of stores and restaurants, seemingly busy with the amount of people entering and exiting. Olympia can sometimes be busy at certain times of the day, but not like Philadelphia. The various buildings, shops and townhouses definitely contributed to this attribute. When we pulled up to our new home, I instantly liked it. It was a narrow townhouse with a brick exterior and dark wooden door. It looks small, but knowing that my grandparents had very successful careers before they retired assured me that the house was going to be gorgeous on the inside. "Hurry, Isabella," Renee snapped. She was already out the car and had her suitcases from the trunk. I scurried after her and grabbed my own bags before we entered the home. It was beautiful, as expected. The dark, hardwood floors were beautiful and the furniture surprisingly modern. Renee's heels click clacked against the wood as she inspected the house. Her nod of approval was all that she did before grabbing the handles of her suitcases and lugging them up the steps. I followed behind her, grunting at the weight of the bags as I lifted them up. "This is your room," she said, pointing to a near empty bedroom with light grey walls and a queen bed with simple chevron bedding. I pulled my heavy bags into the room and sat down on the bed. It was extremely comfortable, but being in the room just felt… uncomfortable . It was so impersonal and bland, and the fact that I was sitting in it made me feel like an intruder. I got up from the bed and decided to wander around a little bit. Renee was already in her room with the door shut, although I could still hear her shouting into her phone. I walked down the stairs and outside. Washington was extremely rainy, but I knew that Philadelphia wasn't as much. I sunk down onto the step and let the sunrays warm my skin and the minimal breeze to glide against me. After a moment, I leaned back on my elbows and let the quietness surround me. It thankfully didn't seem busy around here, so maybe I could bring a chair out and sit once in a while. It was calming. "Who are you?" I jumped at the sudden voice and my eyes snapped open. A little kid, maybe six or seven, stood in front of me while sitting on his bike. I stared at him for a moment, before sitting up straight and answering. "I'm Bella. Who are you?" He looked at the house, then back to me. "Masen. Why are you sitting in front of Mr. H's house?" "Mr. H?" I questioned, then realized what he meant. Higginbottom. "Oh. He's my grandfather." "Oh, okay." He immediately seemed to relax. "I sweep for him and he pays me twenty bucks every room." I smiled at the ridiculous price. "Oh, that's sweet." "Yup. So, are you visiting him?" I frowned. He must not know that he died. "Oh, um… no." I wrung my hands and tried to figure out a way to say it. The door besides us suddenly opened and out came a guy. I froze a little upon seeing him, both from surprise and his defined and irrefutably attractive features. He was tall and lean, wearing khaki shorts and a crisp, white button down shirt. His hair was ragged and sticking all over the place, but it added to the appeal in some weird, perfect way. Since he was closing the door, his back had been turned, but when he turned, I took what felt like an embarrassingly loud breath. His eyes, even from a few feet away, were an impossibly bright green, standing out patently against his pale skin. They fit so well with his hair - a deep, russet brown with a slight smattering of bright red that noticeably glinted in the sun. He noticed Masen and I and his eyebrows rose. "Hello," he said. I stood and tried desperately not to stare too much at his face. "Hi. I'm Bella, um, Mr. Higginbottom was my grandfather." Did he ask, you moron? "Ah," he said, nodding his head curtly. He then turned his attention to the little boy as he shuffled down his steps. "Mase, I'll be back in a few. Head back inside." "I wanna say hi to Mr. H," Masen whined. "I haven't seen him in, like, two weeks." My eyes bounced back and forth between the two, hating how uncomfortable the atmosphere suddenly turned. The guy frowned and gave Masen a stern look. "I'll talk to you when I get home. For now, you gotta head back inside." Masen sighed before kicking his kick stand back into place. The guy helped him lift the bike into the house and the door shut closed behind him rather roughly. This left me and the guy alone for a few seconds, before he nodded at me once again and headed to his car. I tried hard not to gawk at his retreating form, unsure at these feelings that suddenly enthralled my body. Never have I ever felt such an intense yearning for know someone as I had at that moment. Our door swept open suddenly, causing me to latch onto the banister to keep from being pushed over by its abrupt force. I looked behind me at my mother, whose face was pinched in noticeable annoyance as she held her phone in her hand. "I need to speak with you," she just about snapped. I swallowed and followed after her into the house, letting the door close softly behind me. Renee was often in a sour mood, especially when it came to me, yet she seemed especially irritable at the moment. I stood awkwardly by the foyer, waiting for her to speak as she clenched and unclenched her jaw in a steady rhythm. "I just got off the phone with your father," she started. "And do you know what he found in your drawer from this summer?" I figured she didn't really want me to answer, so I just stood there. "He found diet pills. Diet pills." She laughed cynically, dryly, and glared over at me. "For my daughter, who weighs eighty-eight pounds." I clenched my jaw shut and mentally lashed out on myself for forgetting my pills. I figured I'd left them at his house, but I didn't think he'd actually go in my room there and find out. My voice was small and meek as I tried to muster up an excuse, "T-they were from years ago." Renee narrowed her eyes. "I'm not stupid, Bella. And frankly, I'm appalled that you would think that I am." She crossed her arms and stared at the floor for a moment, thinking. "I'm making an appointment with a really good doctor for as soon as possible." "Mom, I can do better," I said, stepping closer. "I-I just need time to –" "Time to what? Kill yourself?" She scowled and opened up her phone, scrolling immediately, no doubt searching for a doctor to fix her problem of a daughter. "This is a big city, there's loads of treatment for you to get over this irrational, disgusting disease." She paused and looked up at me, her finger poised carefully on her phone. "I mean, have you even seen yourself recently? I've tried to read up on and understand this… this sickness that you have, but I don't understand how your idea of perfection is looking like a goddamn skeleton. And no matter how much treatment you go through, you're not getting any better." Her words hurt deeper than I think she even realized. Knowing my mother, her words were always used as a way to get her point across, and her point in this matter was palpable. She always wanted her words as lethal as possible as a way to ensure they'd be listened to, but it