Prim kicks her in the shin so hard that she thinks it might actually bruise. She drops her menu, but that's mostly just so that she can glare at her. "What was that for?" she asks. "It's him !" Prim hisses, gaze fixed somewhere over Katniss' shoulder. It must be someone important, if she thinks that he's worth the assault. Katniss cranes her neck, but the restaurant is mostly deserted and Katniss doesn't recognize either of the guys sitting behind them. "Who?" she asks. Based on the glare this earns her, she's pretty sure her sister would disown her right now if she could. "Peeta Mellark!" Prim says, right back to staring at him. "Honestly, Katniss. We just marathoned his movies last weekend." Katniss didn't. Katniss sat in the living room, computer on her lap, and ate Prim and Rue's popcorn. She thinks she actually put headphones in, at some point, if that gives you any idea of how invested she was in the series of chick flicks. But she nods, anyway, turning back around. She actually does vaguely recognize him. "Oh, yeah," she says. He's wearing a baseball cap. Katniss strongly suspects that it's to cover his signature blond curls, but it doesn't do much good. Based on the manners he's displaying – elbows on the table, laughing at whatever his redheaded friend is saying – she wouldn't be against saying that it's just because he's enough of a dick to wear a hat in the restaurant. "So, you want to get a picture with him?" Katniss guesses. This earns her another swift kick in the leg. "Say it a little louder!" her sister says, rolling her eyes. "Oh, come on," Katniss says. "I think anyone who's seen your bedroom wall would be able to guess that you want it. Isn't he your lock screen?" she asks. She reaches for her sister's phone, where it rests on the table, but Prim swats her hand away. "I'll take that as a yes, then." She's blushing. "Come on," Katniss continues. "None of your friends will believe you saw him and you know it." "It's not the biggest stretch!" Prim defends. "He grew up in the Merchant Quarter, and he likes to stay around there when he's not filming." The Merchant Quarter? She didn't realize he was from anywhere so close to them. She's gotten very good at tuning her sister out. "Do you honestly think you could forgive yourself – or me – if you don't get your picture taken with him?" Katniss challenges. Prim tugs her hair over to rest on one shoulder and looks at herself in the reflection of her phone. "Well, I'm just thinking, you know, if I'm inconspicuous, like maybe I don't know him . . . you're oblivious. What's something you would say?" "You know it would be illegal for anything to happen between you two, right?" Katniss says. "I'm seventeen, Katniss. Not twelve," she protests. Katniss just raises her eyebrows, waiting for her to realize what she's just said. "What's your plan, then? Just walk up, say hi to the redhead –" "His name is Finnick," Prim interrupts. Katniss hopes that isn't something creepy for her to know. Does MTV have a show about obsessed fans yet? "– or are you going to let me be a good big sister and take care of it?" Katniss asks. She takes Prim's silence as agreement. "The good news is, since we haven't ordered, we can leave if they laugh at us!" she says brightly, since being a good big sister doesn't always mean she has to be nice. She'll get a pass, anyway. Prim will be talking about this for ages. When she's sure that Prim is going to follow, she lets go of her hand and fishes around in her pocket for her phone. The blond sees her first. He straightens up a little bit in his seat. This cues the redhead, and he turns around in his seat, arm stretched out over the back of his side of the booth. He plasters a big, phony smile on. "Hey, darling," he says. Based on Prim's giggles, she thinks it's supposed to be charming. It just comes across as fake as hell. "What can I do for you ladies?" She already dislikes him, so she addresses the other guy instead. "This is my sister, Prim. She's a huge fan of yours, Peter, and –" " Peeta! " Prim cries, like maybe Katniss has just ruined her entire life. The boy – Peeta – doesn't seem to mind, though. He looks amused, actually. His grin is much more genuine than his friend's was. Katniss had been determined not to be embarrassed, but with those blue eyes trained on her the way they are, she can't help it. "Peeta," Katniss repeats, correcting herself. "Prim is, clearly , a huge fan of yours. So I was wondering if I could get a picture of the two of you." The smile falls from his face. "Oh, man," he says. "I'm about to ask something that's going to make me sound like the world's biggest ass. I'd love to take a picture with you two, but can we wait until after dinner?" "No, that's fine!" Prim says, way too quickly. "I'm sorry. We just . . . well, once Katniss puts her mind to something, you can't talk her out of it. She's stubborn, you know?" "Katniss?" he repeats, questioning. "No, I'm sorry. It's just, well, one picture gets posted on Facebook," he glances over at Prim, but his eyes are back on Katniss when he continues, "or someone sees you taking it and tells their friends, well, the whole town is here. And this is one of my favorite places." Her sister had been ready to leave, but as soon as Peeta spoke, she was frozen in place. "Have you ordered yet?" Peeta asks. Katniss shakes her head. "No. But we're sitting just over there, so if, when you're finished, you'll come and get us, it would be great." "I'll do you one better," he says, scooting down to make room. "How about you ladies have dinner with us?" She wants to say no. The word is forming on her lips, because she got off work early and she was excited to get to see her sister, but Prim is nodding frantically before she has the chance. She doesn't even glance over at Katniss for permission. "We'd love to!" she says, already heading for the empty spot beside Peeta. Thankfully, he stops her. "Tell you what. Katniss, you can sit by me, and – Prim, was it? You can sit with Finn over there." Her sister is clearly a little disappointed by this development, but Katniss is more than willing to sit beside Peeta. She's a little afraid that if she doesn't, her sister's hand will end up on Peeta's thigh, and that won't end well for anybody. "So," Finnick says after he's exchanged pleasantries with her sister. "Katniss, was it? How is that you're the only girl in America that doesn't know Peeta's name?" She laughs awkwardly. "Since he doesn't seem to want to introduce himself to you – this is my friend Finnick," Peeta says, addressing Katniss directly. "He's . . . protective. And naturally distrustful. Don't take it personally." "I'm only distrustful because you're naïve," Finnick returns. "I'm serious. I'm about to check this girl for cameras and wires." " Finnick ," Peeta warns. "Fine, fine. But when this whole thing leaks on TMZ, I'm not doing damage control." "You're all talk," Peeta says, but he's smiling, so Katniss figures this is probably a pretty common thing between them. "You don't have to worry about Katniss," Prim says, talking to Finnick more than Peeta. "She doesn't even like Peeta's movies." Is this her sister trying to get payback for not being able to sit next to Peeta? Katniss gives her a death glare, but she can't help but to notice the way Finnick is staring her down. She steals his menu and starts to look over it. What was she going to order? Maybe she'll get a glass of wine with it, if Peeta's buying. She'll need it, if her sister is going to keep being a bitch tonight. "Is that so?" Peeta asks. She doesn't respond. "You can tell me. I'm not going to get offended. Finnick rags on the chick flicks often enough for me to be thick skinned." Prim looks at her, eyes wide, like Katniss shouldn't even be considering telling him the truth. But he should know better than to claim he's thick skinned if he isn't. "I think they're sexist," Katniss admits. "I think they pretend to be progressive and they do more harm than good. It doesn't count to have a badass lady character if her only defining trait is that she's badass. And that director you work with – Cato? I think he's disgusting and does the same thing in every movie he makes." It's quiet for a moment. She can tell that he's trying to take in what she's just said. Finally, he breaks the silence by laughing. " I love them," Prim says. " To the Moon and Back is my favorite. I've watched it probably a thousand times." "Oh, thank you," Peeta says. They talk about the movie for a little while. Well, Prim talks about the movie. And Katniss actually feels sort of bad for Peeta, because she knows how long Prim can go on if she's given the chance. He seems to have it covered, though. Prim listens in stunned silence to the story he tells about filming. "Is it true that that's going to be your last romance role, though?" she asks. Finnick glances over at her for a second and then goes right back to staring at Katniss. Shouldn't Prim be on the threat list, with the way she's trying to interview him? What has Katniss done? "If things go according to plan. But I don't want to say last ," Peeta answers with a winning smile. Could this guy get any faker? Katniss wonders if maybe he does think that they're recording this, and he wants the conversation to get out. It would definitely explain the invitation. "All of my favorite action movies have some sort of romance subplot," he adds. "So, you never know." "But you're so good in the roles you normally play," Prim insists. Katniss wonders if she's trying to flatter him or if she thinks she can convince him not to move forward as an actor. Peeta sort of laughs. "Would you believe me if I told you they weren't ever the kind I wanted?" This gets Katniss' attention. He glances over at her when she puts the menu down. "I mean, they've been great. And I've met so many people because of them, so I'm clearly not complaining. It's just . . . well, we agreed to do the first one –" " From Now until Forever ," Prim informs Katniss, her voice hushed. "Right," Peeta says. "We thought it would get my name out there, but all it did was make them want to stick me in the same type of role over and over again. So suddenly I became, like, the poster boy for romantic comedies, and there was nothing I could do about it." It's quiet for a moment. Prim looks a little bit like her heart has been torn in half. Suddenly, Peeta grins. "I'm sorry. First world problems, right?" he asks. Katniss surprises herself by laughing. There's something familiar about him, but she's not sure what it is. He keeps glancing over at her. Does he think that she's playing hard to get, or something? That she's some sort of a challenge because she doesn't like his movies? If he's going by the types of relationships that get modeled in his movies, it could certainly make sense. Prim always thinks that everything