The scene in front of her is all too familiar. A blond boy, traipsing through the woods as the sun begins to set. Katniss, not too far behind him, with her fingers itching for her bow and her arrows. It isn't the same as it was the first time. Of course it isn't the same. She's not in the arena, for one, even though every fiber of her being seems determined to think that she's in direct danger. There's something strange about the sensation, at this point. Something weird about caring whether or not she's in danger. She's not in danger. Even though her heart is racing and she's keenly aware of every movement the boy in front of her makes as he heads through the woods. Not that it's hard with those footsteps. That was how she found him. He was walking so loudly that she could sense his presence almost as soon as she slipped under the fence. Snapped branches, quiet birds. None of it could be good. It was wrong. All of it was completely wrong. No one ever comes to her woods. Hell, she barely ever comes to her woods anymore. Only, the house was stifling, and she needed fresh air. That's clearly not what the boy is out here for, though. He's searching for something - someone? No. He's not looking for anyone. She's been following him for ages, now, and he hasn't noticed. He's not a predator of any sort, she doesn't think. Predator . The word is almost startling, but if she learned anything from the arena, it's to sort potential threats out in her head as soon as she sees them. For her safety – and, to a lesser extent, for the sake of her sanity. And though it's an old habit by now, sorting people as she sees them, predator seems to be a particularly harsh word. Or maybe it really only seem that way because he doesn't seem like a predator in any sense of the word. Not from behind, at least. Those loud footsteps of his are scaring away everything in the area. Except for her. For some reason, though she knows he isn't a threat, she's not ready to turn her back on him. He couldn't sneak up on you , she thinks, adjusting her bag. Only, she's not positive that she's afraid of him. Or that she should be afraid of him. Of course, fear is an exhausting thing to try and muster up these days. It doesn't seem worth the energy, most of the time, to even bother with worrying. To test her theory about him not being a threat, she brings her foot down hard on a branch on the ground. It splinters with a satisfying crunch, and she grinds the toe of her boot against it for good measure, breaking it in half. If the boy hears, he doesn't care to find out what the noise is. Maybe that's a good thing. She realizes a moment too late that he could whirl around on her if he heard her, and that she might need to be relieved. He doesn't look like a threat from behind, sure. But he could have a knife clutched in his hand. And then where would she be? And yet, she isn't afraid. Not in general. Not in her woods. She's certainly not afraid of him. But he isn't prey, either. She burns with shame as soon as the word floats through her mind. Prey . It's the next option, after predator, and yet she feels wrong even applying it to this nameless boy in front of her. It's just, if he isn't a predator , and he isn't prey , then what is he? What is he doing in her woods? And are they still even her woods, given all the time she's spent without even thinking about them? Maybe they've become his woods. He's not a hunter, but he could easily have a line of snares waiting for him. Or maybe they're his in a way that has nothing to do with game. He's merchant, after all. That much is obvious from his blond hair, even if there is dirt and mud clinging to the ends of it. He's probably never wanted for food enough to risk the woods for it. And yet she's following him. For no clear reason. No reason, other than curiosity. Because she can't figure him out. Just as she's thinking that he's out here for some silly merchant reason – a dare, maybe. He isn't prey. She's not going to hurt him. Has no reason to – no reason at all. But the only other option is companion and you surely can't have someone you don't know as a companion. But she can't help but to think of walking in these same woods with her father. Of them not speaking, for fear of scaring away what precious little game they could find. This isn't the same. All that thinking of her father serves to do is to threaten to double her over with the pain of losing him all over again. The boy in front of her distracts her from the numb pain, though, when he finds a patch of berries that she's been carefully avoiding since she first found them. He drops to his knees instantly, fingers working at the vine clumsily. But then he must find purchase, because he looks up at the sky with a shaky little sigh of what must be relief. Is this suicide? It doesn't seem like it. Can't be. He seems too grateful for the berries for him to know what they'll do to him. So when, in the little shaft of sunlight peeking through the trees, she catches sight of the glint of the berries in the sunlight, she can't stay silent. "Stop!" she barks, mortified at how frantic her voice sounds. But that doesn't matter so much, because it's enough. The boy hears her and jumps , so frightened that the berries fly out of his hand and into the air, scattering in a way that might be comical if she didn't understand the gravity of the situation. But she does, and her stomach knots as she watches him scramble on his hands and knees to try and retrieve the nightlock. He's more concerned with the berrier than he is with her. Because he doesn't know who you are , she reasons. If he knew he was alone in the woods with a victor, he would run. But he doesn't run. He just chases after his carefully picked food. "That's nightlock," she continues, leaning against a tree. Trying to sound cavalier even though her heart is racing somehow harder now at the thought of this nameless boy dying right in front of her. "You'd be dead before they hit your stomach." Why are you in the woods if you don't know this? Do you not value your life? "So you might want to leave them alone." That gets his attention, and he stands and turns to look at her. Finally . He looks miserable and though it's hard, in her mind, to reconcile the word merchant with the word hungry , but she's spent plenty of time around hungry people and been hungry herself, and that's what's wrong with this boy. It's plain to see. He's dirty, too – dirtier than any merchant kid she's ever seen. There are smears of mud across his forehead and his nose, as if he's swiped at his face with one of the dirty hands that he tries to brush off on his corduroys. It doesn't do him much good. Or any good at all. His pants are caked with enough mud to make matters worse. "I didn't know," the boy breathes. Now that she's looking, it's hard to believe that she didn't recognize him right away. It's obvious, underneath the dirt and the bruise high on his cheekbone that bleeds towards the bridge of his noise, threatening to eclipse the bright blue of his left eye. She's jolted back in time. "Thank you," Peeta Mellark says, and when his voice wavers, he looks away and clears his throat, looking embarrassed. "Thank you, Katniss. I thought – well, it doesn't really matter what I thought they were, does it? It's . . . it's just a good thing you were here. I had no idea." "You wouldn't have picked them if you knew," she says softly, trying to act as though her gut doesn't twist at the idea of happening upon him if he had eaten the berries. Maybe that's why she followed him, after all. If it was obvious that he didn't know how to keep himself alive out here. Maybe she wasn't acting like a tribute after all. Maybe she was thinking like a mentor. "I only know because . . ." she doesn't finish that sentence. But he must know it's because of her father. Or maybe he thinks that she knows because of her training before the games. Either way, it seems to be enough that she knows . "What are you doing out here?" Peeta bites his lower lip. "I was looking for food," he admits. "Preferably the kind that wouldn't kill me. But, hey. Looks like my standards are low this afternoon." Her mouth opens and closes a couple of times, but she can't come up with a good response for that. Is he actually joking ? She half wants to grab him by the shoulders and shake him. Do you not realize that you almost died, boy?! But then she realizes that if he's desperate enough to risk poisonous berries – and the woods in general – he may still die. And she can't let that happen. "Um, here," she says, unzipping her game bag and digging out the pouch that she packed her lunch in. It's not much – an apple she grabbed off of the counter as she left her house this morning, old enough to have gone soft but not rotten – but it's something. "Catch," she warns, tossing the pouch towards him. His eyes go wide when it smacks against his chest, but his reflexes are fast enough for him to reach up before it can fall. But then, once it's secure in his hands, he just stares at her. There! There's that natural distrust she's come to expect so much since she's become a victor! This boy has watched her kill – and maybe he's just now remembering that fact. She considers backing away – putting her hands up, maybe, so that he knows that she means him no harm. That he's the only person in the district she can think of that she would mean no harm to, given the chance. But then he clears his throat. "Really?" he asks. "You don't have to . . ." he begins, his voice wobbling. Then he gives his head a little shake. "Are you sure ?" "Of course I'm sure," she says. Before the words have even left her mouth, he's working to loosen the string holding the bag shut with shaking, unsure fingers. She bites the inside of her cheek, resisting the urge to crow at him for finally getting it. There you go , she thinks. That's it. He glances up at her, and she can see now that it's hesitance in his eyes, not distrust. He's afraid to admit that he wants it, maybe, because he doesn't want the food to be taken away. Maybe not by her, but just in general. How long has it been since you've eaten? "It's yours," she assures him. I won't let anyone take it from you. In truth, he's practically the only person in this district that she would willingly share food with, at this point. He looks so grateful when he takes that first bite of his apple that her stomach threatens to bottom out. Neither