01: He's stiff beside her. Shoulders rigid, jaw clenched. His eyes close every now and then when her hand brushes against his. As if he's trying to remind himself to hate her. Other than that, he's the perfect guest. Laughing and talking with everyone that was deemed important enough to get an invite to the Mayor's mansion tonight and welcome them home. His family was at the train station, but they didn't come to the meal. Her family did. Prim and Mrs. Everdeen sit across the table from them in dresses that must have been sent in when she was declared a Victor, looking every bit the merchant family they could have been, if it wasn't for Katniss' father. Peeta tells stories about growing up in the bakery, anecdotes about their time in the Capitol. It's amazing, the things he decides to talk about. Things that she's forgotten about completely. Bread meant to look like it was from each of the different Districts. The art that hung in the penthouse apartment at the training center. Everyone is captivated by what he has to say. Except for Katniss. Madge keeps looking between Katniss and Peeta, lips pursed as if she knows. As if she knows . Katniss' heart seizes up with a mixture of dread and guilt. And suddenly, while Peeta is talking about his prep team, she kisses him. Haymitch's warning is ringing in her ears, especially when he doesn't kiss back. But he doesn't push her off, and his hand comes to rest somewhere between her shoulder blades. Somewhere that she hopes could at least be misconstrued as intimate by someone in this room. 02: Haymitch makes it clear that the dinner party he's hosting is not something she can skip. He says that, as her mentor, there are things that they need to talk about. Her mother is disappointed. Says that it feels like they never see her anymore . Probably because they didn't make the list for the second and third meals at Mayor Undersee's house. She's been home for a week, now, though, and they've stuffed her with food every chance they've had. Holding her wrists up and saying that she's too thin. As if she should have put the weight she lost in the arena back on so quickly. Maybe it would be possible, with all of the food in her house. Her house was built to be exactly the same as his. But his is a mess. Bottles and trash spilling out into the yard. She can practically hear Effie Trinket's voice talking about how people like Haymitch bring the property value down, the way she did when she was here. Peeta is there by the time she lets herself into Haymitch's – unlocked – house. Perched on the edge of the couch, as if to avoid touching any of the trash. She doesn't want to sit beside him, but Haymitch is in the armchair, and the floor is filthy. She clears off part of the far cushion. "Look at you two lovebirds," Haymitch says, waving his bottle from Peeta to Katniss before taking a big drink of it. "Can see why the Capitol fell in love with you. I'm having a hard time keeping it together just looking at you." "Oh, be quiet, Haymitch," Peeta warns. "You said this was important." "It is important. The two of you think you can just go on like this – acting for the cameras and ignoring each other in real life, you've got to think a little harder about all of this. You think people don't talk?" Peeta scowls, moving as if to stand up, but he stops at the sound of Katniss' voice. "He's right, you know." His head whips around to look at him. "Yeah, you'd say that, considering –" "He is," she says. "We're never going to convince anyone if you can't stand to look at me." He sets his jaw. It looks like he's going to argue, but they just stare at each other for a long moment. "I'm sorry," she finally says. "I should have been honest with you." "No," he says, breaking eye contact and staring down at the couch. "You saved us. You had to do what you did. I told you to. But . . . I can't even have time to get over this?" "No." They both turn to look at Haymitch. "Look," he continues. "Touching as this is, that's the truth of it. You've gotta get over it, boy. And fast. And you, Sweetheart, have gotta start being a little more open. He's in the same boat as you, like it or not." "And we didn't even get dinner," Peeta says, and he actually does stand up this time. She follows him when he leaves, but doesn't speak until they're on their mentor's porch. "You can eat with us." He turns to look at her, dragging a hand through his hair. "I'm sorry. I will get over it. I promise," he gives her a weak smile. "We'll go out around town tomorrow and be the perfect couple. But I just . . . can I at least have the night?" She swallows hard and nods. "Yeah. Okay." 03: "Ms. Everdeen, this is amazing," Peeta says once he's tasted her mother's stew. "We need to get some lamb," Katniss says. They did go out today. Walked around the town hand in hand and tried to talk about things that didn't matter, exactly. But things are still sort of uncomfortable. "For that lamb stew you liked? They have it canned, you know," he says. "They're selling it with your face on it, actually." She nearly chokes on her bite. "What?" "Yeah. I was watching something on TV last night. It was late, so it was mostly just advertising, and it's part of the Victor's Favorite collection. Along with Finnick Odairs sugarcubes." Prim sort of giggles. "Really?" "Really," he agrees. "I'm surprised you haven't been sent a complimentary can or something." "The nerve of those people," she says quietly, trying to joke. "Using my face to sell things." He reaches over to take her hand under the table. Something about that is reassuring. Probably because nobody else knows. "Just wait. Won't be long until they're selling something with my face. Or my new leg." She bites her lip and wonders just how much they're planning on taking from them. 04: Lamb stew is waiting for them on the train. She sets in on the meal, not tasting any of it, with her nerves being the way they are, and not even looking up until Effie says that she needs to try and pace herself. "Wouldn't want your dresses not fitting, now would we?" their escort asks, and Peeta chuckles. "What, Peeta?" she asks. "What's so funny?" "Oh, it's just, with Katniss' metabolism being the way it is, she could probably eat everything on this train and not have to worry about her outfits not fitting," he says. "I'd know. I tried really hard to fatten her up when we first got back." This is unthinkable to Effie. Her eyes widen, as if this is the cruelest thing Peeta could go to her. Maybe, by Capitol standards, it is. But Katniss certainly isn't complaining. "It's true," Katniss says. "Bread, cake, everything you could think of, really." In the six months since they've been back, they've eaten dinner together nearly every night, and he's brought some sort of baked good nearly every time. In fact, she's not sure how she's going to make it through the next two weeks without the cheese buns he's been spoiling her with lately. "And she hasn't gained an inch," he says. "I know guys from my old wrestling team that would kill to be able to put away food like that." Haymitch is laughing. Katniss tries to keep a straight face, but this is fun, getting to Effie this way. 05: District Eleven is horrible. The speech she gives doesn't scratch the surface of everything she wants to say, and it still manages to get a man killed. She doesn't think she'll be able to make it through dinner. Not knowing that she had to look at all of the starving children and then be expected to eat what they put in front of her. Peeta's arm ends up slung over the back of seat, and when she leans into his arm a little bit, he draws little circles on her exposed shoulder with his thumb. 06: The meal after they're rewarded for everything they've done with a tiny, almost imperceptible nod of President Snow's head is the first one she tastes in ages. And she eats everything she can. Makes Peeta eat what she can't. Rich, dark chocolate cakes have been put out for dessert. She's sure she isn't supposed to eat them first, but Peeta comes along with her when she drags him towards the table. He does laugh at her, but she doesn't care. Suddenly, she's starving. 07: She's coming back from an attempted trip to the woods when she runs into him. "Hey," he says, his eyes darting down to her game bag. "Been hunting?" She shakes her head. "Tried. Fence was on." He nods. She doesn't think he looks like he's disappointed, exactly. "Where are you going?" she asks. "I've got some baking stuff coming in on the train," he answers. "Do you want to come with me?" "Okay," she says, falling into step beside him. "What do you have planned for today?" "Not much. I'm supposed to have dinner with my family." She frowns. She's gotten so used to him eating with her family. "Why?" He laughs. "Well, my mother has to find some way to get her hands on my winnings, right?" He's trying to be funny. It isn't working. "I want to come with you." This makes him stop. "Um, okay. Are you sure?" No. "Yes." "It's not going to be like a dinner with your family. I'd love to have you, don't get me wrong – but it's uncomfortable enough when it's just me." "I mean, I can stay home . . ." "No. Come," he says. "I'd be happy to have an ally." An ally . She reminds herself of this when they trek back out to Town in the snow. She's a little bit concerned about his leg, but he's more than able to keep up with her. "You know you don't have to give her your money, right?" she asks. He thinks about this for a long moment. She doesn't think he's going to respond until he does. "Yeah. I guess." "You don't," she presses. "You earned it." "But I don't need it. Not all of it," he says. She doesn't argue, but she does sort of sigh. The Mellark family is laughing and talking, but as soon as Mr. Mellark leads them into the room and they see that she came with them, they stop. She wants so badly to leave, but then Peeta reaches over and takes her hand, and she laces their fingers together. They will go into this as one. He's right. This is not the same as a dinner at her house is. Even with how uncomfortable she gets at the way her mother pretends to be an involved parent, that has nothing on how uncomfortable this is. Mrs. Mellark scowls down at her plate nearly the whole time. Mr. Mellark is silent, for the most part, but at least offers his congratulations on their engagement. Their engagement. Right . "Of course, we did expect him to marry someone from a decent family here in Town," Mrs. Mellark says, finally breaking her silence. "Someone to be proud of. Like Delly Cartwright." His brothers run with the subject before she's even finished speaking. Teasing Peeta and telling Katniss that he's probably had the speech from his proposal planned out since the first day of school. Peeta is actually sort