Her mother was right. Of course her mother was right. But she didn't listen. She didn't want to believe her. Now that she's really thinking about it, she genuinely can't remember what it was that she expected could have happened in Twelve while she was gone. District Four was only just getting back into a routine before she left, and they didn't have to start from scratch. Scratch. That's probably the best way to describe what was waiting for her here. Flat, empty, burnt scratch. All too similar to what it looked like when Gale had to practically drag everyone away. The Town was particularly bad, but Katniss actually managed to hold it together. Until she reached the Seam. And then the nothingness became far too much to bear. That was when the noises started. These awful, choking, sobbing noises that ripped their way out of her throat. It was survival instinct, really, that sent her feet hurrying back to the only part of the District that was spared. And it was because of the thunder that she sat down under a tree. She still had a little bit of time before the storm came in. And besides, if the smoke coming from the chimney was to be believed, all of the houses in the Victor's Village were inhabited. This was the best she was going to get, as far as shelter goes. "Bread delivery!" she heard someone call. Some blond haired, broad shoulder boy was making his way down the row of houses. He didn't go in. When he got to the ones that were a little bit closer, she could hear him making small talk with whoever it was inside She couldn't imagine how anyone has recovered enough to make small talk, but there he was. Reminding her so much of a Mellark boy, making his way closer and closer to her. She realized that she was going to have to move if she wanted to remain unseen just a few moments too late. But the rain was starting to fall, and she wasn't willing to give up the little shelter that she had. So instead, she just buried her face in her forearm and tried to will herself to disappear. It didn't work, of course. "Katniss?" a voice called, incredulous. She didn't know who it could possibly be. Who could talk to her with this level of familiarity? It was a Mellark. The famous Mellark, at that. Crouched down in front of her, last loaf of bread still in his arms. "Katniss?" he asked again. "Are you okay?" She took a shuddering breath. Looked up at him. Then she started sobbing again. And Peeta didn't even really have to think about it before he tugged his jacket off and wrapped it around her shoulders. Then he set the loaf in her lap so that he could secure the first button around her throat, keeping it there. The warmth radiated from both the jacket and the paper-wrapped loaf of bread. "Let's get you out of the rain," he suggested, and reached a hand down to help her stand up. And it took a moment for her to realize that she shouldn't have let him. Or let him lead her to his house with a gentle hand on her shoulder. She tried to give the bread back, but he shook his head. She didn't mind, exactly. When they reached his house and he turned the key in the lock, all of the reasons she should have said no come rushing back to her. The fact remained that she didn't know him. No matter how familiar he may have seemed, this was the first time they had ever spoken. His house looked even bigger on the inside. Or maybe bigger wasn't the right word. It looked emptier than she would have imagined it to. Like it hadn't really been lived in. Maybe it hadn't. She followed him through the entryway and into the sitting room, where he instantly crouched in front of the fireplace to start building a fire. "Did you just get in?" he asked, and she nodded when he glanced over his shoulder at her. "I figured. I've been making deliveries lately, and I haven't seen you around. Or heard that you came back. Where will you be staying?" She was reminded again of what a horrible idea this was, coming back, when she was forced to shrug in reply. He frowned at her, lines creasing his face. "Well, that's no good." It was an understatement. A massive one. But she nodded her agreement. This was no good. "You can stay here, at least for tonight," he offered. "They've been assigning the vacancies out. They've got a sign up sheet down at the first house. It's all very . . . regimented. But it works, I guess. I think they do a family to a room or something like that. I'm just amazed at how many people are coming back." Peeta cleared his throat a couple of times, like he was going to say something. He didn't, though. Not for a long moment. "Then, of course, there's this place. It's massive – I mean, obviously it's massive. You can see that. It's just, it's weird that it's just me. It shouldn't be. It's only ever really just been me. But . . . well . . ." He sighed, seeming more than a little exasperated. "That was awful. I mean, I don't even know how I thought that sentence was supposed to end. I just sort of . . . kept going," he says, sort of chuckling. It sounded like District Thirteen, if you asked her. She didn't like the thought of Twelve being anything like it was in Thirteen. Did Peeta hate it as much as she did? It didn't seem like it, exactly. Not when she saw him striding down the hallways or giving speeches to stir the citizens into war. But she saw him one night, walking down the corridor with just Haymitch Abernathy and another man that she vaguely recognized as a gamemaker. Saw the way his shoulders hunched forward. The way his hands twitched at his side. Heard him snap at his mentor, voice more a growl than anything when he asked "Does it matter what I want?" "So," he continued. "Normally, Sae would come by – do you know Sae? She used to have a table at the Hob. Anyway, she's been coming over to make breakfast and dinner, but she can't when a storm like this hits, she can't. And it's not like I need my meals cooked for me. I mean, I can do that plenty. But she offered, and, well, things being the way they are, you can't blame her for wanting to keep tabs on familiar faces." She watched him, trying to reconcile this Peeta with the one she's seen on the screen in District Four tons of times. She had never seen him – even late that night from the slats of the closet she locked herself in during her sister's shift at the hospital – at a loss for words before. It didn't take much longer for him to get a good fire going. Then just as quickly, he stood up and headed off towards what she assumed was the kitchen. Was he not planning on warming up by the fire? Would it be rude to stay there alone? She figured that it would be and followed him, regretting the loss of warmth instantly. She was still carrying his bread, though, and he'd want it sooner or later. "Thanks!" he said when she passed it over. "It was supposed to be for Haymitch, but I keep him pretty well stocked – we don't have to feel guilty about eating it tonight. You can have a seat, if you want to." She sat at the far end of his table and watched while he worked on putting something together. Some sort of soup, most likely, it seemed to come mainly from the leftovers that were in his icebox. The thunder was rumbling more insistently now. She didn't like it, exactly, but she was relieved that he had her come inside. Especially when, after a particularly loud clap, the room was plunged into darkness. She jumped, and Peeta sucked in a deep breath. "Okay. Um, okay," he stammered, and she heard him looking around for something. Opening and closing drawers. "I've got to have a flashlight around here, somewhere. Maybe . . . okay. Here it is." A beam of light came shooting straight up when he found the button, and she caught a glimpse of his face that maybe she wasn't supposed to see. Lips set in a hard line, jaw clenched, his whole face looked white as a sheet, though the flashlight probably wasn't the best thing to see clearly with. "Good thing the soup already got warm," he said, and then explained that the oven ran on gas instead of electricity, so they were fine. She held the flashlight for him while he dished the soup out into bowls, and then he surprised her by bringing them out to the sitting room instead of to the table, so that they could eat by the fire. She wondered, listening to the thunder, if he was thinking of his second arena, too. Of the lightning tree and the blood rain. "We'll get you set up with a room when we're finished eating," he announced. "I don't think it's the best idea, exactly, for you to head down and try to get a house tonight." She gave him something that she hoped passed for a smile. He offered her more soup, and even though it was good, she wouldn't take it. How much was he going to want if he opened his house up for her? If he gave her any more of his food? If the video Finnick Odair released was to be believed, the way that Victors operated when the Capitol was running things is much different than anything she'd be willing to trade with. Besides, even if Peeta wanted them, she had no secrets. And that's not even to mention her complete lack of money. "Well, I'd see if you wanted to stay up and talk a while, but . . . " he trailed off. "I'll, ah, I'll show you upstairs. Okay?" She nodded. He offered her his hand when they reached the stairs, and even though she regretted it instantly, she took it. It would be much better, she thought, to keep hold of him then to just stumble blindly through his house. "Take your pick," he said when they reached the landing, shining his light down the row of rooms. "I'm down at the end, but like I said, it's always been just me here. So to the best of my knowledge, none of these other rooms have even been used before." She walked forward and pushed the door to the first room open. Mostly just because she was ready to be alone. "Nice choice," Peeta said. "This one shares a bathroom with the one beside it. Of course, it's all yours, but it's through that door. Do you need any help getting anything unpacked?" She shook her head. "Well, uh, I guess this would be goodnight, then," he said. "I'll see you in the morning. We'll talk more then." She brushed her teeth twice that night, just to have something to do, because the bed was far too big to even think about getting into right away. It took a long time for sleep to come that night. She couldn't help but to think that she would fit in the bed better if she had Prim to help her fill it up. What was she doing here? Why did she think this was a good idea for even a moment? It took two days for the lights to come back on.