She holds onto her paperwork tightly, trying to figure out where exactly she's supposed to be. The train station is more than a little bit hectic, but she sees more than a few of the girls and boys from the train being led around by brightly dressed citizens and feels embarrassed that she can't figure out where it is that she's supposed to be. Even just that would be bad enough, but everything about this place is incredibly hard to take in. All of the colors are too harsh, too bright, and hard to look at. The colors are everywhere , really. Saturating hair, clothes, skin. She wonders what color her husband will be. How she's supposed to act if the man that picked her out is some strange shade of purple. What she's supposed to do if he expects her to get dyed some strange shade of purple once she's settled into his house. Is that the sort of thing she could say no to? It's while she's thinking about this that she notices the man looking at her from about twenty feet away. She shifts uncomfortably under his gaze. He's normal looking. At least, compared to some of the other people that she's seen today, he is. His hair is carefully styled, sure, but it's a shade of blonde that she's positive is natural if his eyebrows are any indication. Even his suit, which is much nicer than anything she's ever seen in District Twelve, is almost understated in its simplicity. She just can't quite figure out why it is that he's watching her. Sure, she sticks out like a sore thumb here, but not so much more than the other people from the Districts. She's even wearing the dress that her mother had sent with her, and while the blue isn't close to the vivid hues that surround her, it's not even tattered or ripped. Finally, the man reaches into his suit pocket and pulls out a folded piece of paper, which he quickly unfolds and holds out in her direction. Katniss Everdeen Mellark , it reads in careful, almost familiar cursive. When she glances up and sees the way that his eyebrows are drawn together, she wonders if the paper is missing a question mark. Either way, she nods, taking a hesitant step towards him and watching for his reaction. He's some sort of hired help, she decides. That would certainly explain the lack of alterations. Her husband must have been busy, must have sent him here to pick her up and have her waiting at the house for him when he gets back. So she's really far too relieved when he smiles at her, but the thought that someone from here could at least pretend to approve of her is a nice one. He refolds the note and slips it back into his pocket, taking a few steps towards her. He opens his mouth as if to say something, but before he has the chance to, a woman jostles Katniss from behind, knocking her down onto her hands and knees and sending the envelope of documents skidding across the floor. Someone kneels down to pick them up before she has the chance to chase after it and she feels completely helpless. What happens if she has no forms to present to her husband? Will she be permitted to leave the station at all? She's more surprised than she really should be to look up and see the man from earlier in front of her, envelope secure in one hand and the other stretched out to her. She hesitates but winds up taking it and letting him help her to her feet. His hand is big and warm and soft, not small and cold and calloused like hers. She wonders if maybe that's why he's so quick to let go of her and hand the envelope back over. "I'm sorry. Katniss, right?" he asks in a voice somewhat lacking the Capitol affectations other than the way that he says her name. Kaht niss. She nods. "Excellent," he says, giving her the same smile that he did earlier and digging into his other pocket to produce a receipt that he presents to her almost shyly. It's fairly basic; Peeta Mellark has purchased Katniss Everdeen from District Twelve through the Ordered Spouse registry, confirmation code 6483316291810 . She pulls her receipt out from the top of the stack inside of the envelope, sure that he doesn't want to bring back the wrong bride. He scans it quickly and then smiles, handing it back over. "If you don't mind my asking, where's your luggage?" "It's . . . they lost it. In District Six." He frowns. "I am so sorry. I'll get that straightened out for you, I promise. In the meantime, can I get your papers?" She's just afraid enough of being knocked over again to hand it over. He slides the stack out and shuffles some of the papers around, probably checking to make sure that everything is in order, and glances over one of them for a second before looking up at her. It's the first time that her eyes have directly met his and she's taken aback by how blue they are, but they suit him just well enough that she doesn't think that they're artificial, like the sort she saw advertised on the train. "Are you ready to get going? It isn't a terrible drive to the apartment, but traffic tends to get pretty bad after the trains come in." She nods and follows him as he begins to lead her out of the station. He keeps glancing over his shoulder at her. She wonders what the man he works for is like. He's obviously concerned. She doesn't blame him, honestly. It would be an awful investment, really. Buying a bride and having your worker lose her in the train station before you even meet her. He pushes the door open and hangs back, waiting for her to go through. She can't help but to pause once she's outside. It looks nothing like home, all pavement and spindly, candy colored buildings. It's much brighter than it looks on television. She almost feels sick. "What do you think?" the boy asks. She notices the way that he's examining her and tries to keep her answer diplomatic. "It's not what I'm used to." "Oh, I can't even imagine," he says, and she doesn't doubt it for a second. "Are there no trees?" she asks before she can help herself. "Trees?" he asks. "There are some in front of the buildings and in vases. We have some national parks too, though, and they're not too far of a drive. I imagine you'll like those a little bit more." She looks over at him and he gives her a smile that's almost shy . "I will say, though, that the skyline gets a whole lot more interesting when you know which building is which. We'll have to get you out there so you can see what I mean." We ? She wonders how much time this boy will spend around her and her husband. She hopes that it's a lot, because he seems kind and she doesn't dislike him. Maybe that's all she needs out here. Someone who she doesn't actively dislike. "Is the house close to town?" she asks. "Oh! The complex is actually – if I'm not mistaken – right behind that blue one," he says, stepping a little bit closer and hesitating a little bit before his finger stills in front of the right building. After a second, he chuckles. "You'd think I'd be sure by now." She looks over at him, not entirely sure how she's supposed to respond to that. "I parked over here," he says, nodding towards the lot. "So, if you're ready . . ." She nods when he trails off, not wanting to get him in trouble for being late. It's impressive, honestly, how quickly he locates his car in the sea of them. He has her in front of an orange one within a few minutes. He unlocks it and opens the door for her, waiting for her to get in. "Do you need help with the belt?" he asks once she's seated, and she wonders if it's obvious just how uncomfortable she is. She's never been in a car before, but it doesn't seem like particularly interesting information, so she doesn't bother telling him, she just nods. He reaches behind her to pull part of the belt around and across her lap to connect on the other side of the seat with an almost shy smile. "My brothers hate these things, but I don't think you can ever be too careful. You know? All right, could you do me a favor and lean forward? Just to make sure it isn't locked." She does, surprised that she can actually move. "Perfect," he says, closing the door and coming around the front to get in on the other side. She realizes that she could have probably figured it out herself when she watches him buckle himself in. "How was your trip, Katniss?" "Fine," she says automatically and then changes her mind. "Long." He smiles as he pulls out of the lot, glancing over at her. "You had to go through every District, right?" "Right," she agrees. She gets the distinct impression that he's waiting for her to continue, but she's not entirely sure what she's supposed to say. "We aren't far," he says after a moment. He isn't lying. He's parking in the lot of a tall building within minutes. She's surprised when he comes around to open the door for her. "It's the red button," he tells her, nodding towards the belt. She locates it easily enough, pressing it and freeing herself. He offers her his hand, helping her out of the car and down onto the pavement. "Thank you, Mister . . .?" she trails off, waiting for him to supply his name and he looks confused and maybe disappointed . "Mellark," he says after a moment. "I would really prefer it if you called me Peeta, though." She feels her eyes widen. He's Peeta? But he's so young! Why would he resort to ordering someone like her so early? "I . . . oh, I'm sorry." "About what?" he asks. "I'm sorry. I should have introduced myself. I can't believe I didn't, actually. I guess I just figured you knew." She shakes her head. "Sorry." "Don't be," he says, and she's surprised that he doesn't let go of her hand. In fact, he keeps hold of her hand all the way through the parking garage and the lobby, only letting go once they're in the elevator. . Katniss has been in an elevator exactly two times in her life. First to accept a medal for her father and then again to sign up for this and that elevator had been absolutely nothing like this one. He presses a button, completely nonchalant. What sort of a life must he live for this to be commonplace? It shoots up, leaving her stomach feeling strange, like it was left behind. It's almost thrilling . If she wasn't sure that it would sound absolutely childish, she might ask if they could ride it again. It opens to a hallway and he smiles at her and then begins to lead her down it. She glances at all of the numbers that they pass, sort of astounded. "Here we are," he says, unlocking one of the doors and opening it for her. She looks around, surprised at how big it is. The living room alone must be at least twice as large as her – old – house. The walls are a spotless white. There's not only a huge black couch but two matching plush armchairs facing a huge television tied together with a black and white rug. There's a huge canvas hanging