DISCLAIMER: I am not the owner of twilight, though I wish I were Prologue: Running. Flying. Swimming. Smelling. Watching. Hunting. Always hunting. Not here. Never here. Where is it? Where? Must find. Must hunt down. Need to have. Where is it? Where is she? Angelapov CRACK I winced at the sound of the ball connecting to the metal bat. The ball became invisible to my eyes and undoubtedly the others could still see it. Edward ran after the ball while Emmett ran rapidly around the bases. "OUT!" Esme called. I didn't know how she did it, but somehow she kept track of everyone. Must be the vampire speed. Emmett whined but listened to Esme and jogged to the sidelines. Edward came running out of the woods holding the ball and grinning at me. I smiled back at him. He was so sweet to me. He threw the ball to Alice at the pitchers mound. I smiled at Alice's cute look. She was wearing a tight older baseball uniform and her pixie cut hair was erratic. Jasper walked up to home plate a swung the bat, setting up for his hit. Alice grinned at him almost menacingly while he sent the same back at her. It always made me sad when I had found out they weren't together, but just really close. Just how they acted made me think they were in a relationship, but when I had told Alice that she had laughed in my face. Apparently they had tried but neither seemed to have those sort of feelings for each other. The sound of the ball hitting the bat again drew my thoughts back to the game. Jasper had hit the ball in a line drive that got passed Carlisle and Alice and was now in the outfield. Next up, Rosalie. Rosalie walked up to bat, but she never got to hit. Alice gasped, "I didn't see them!" Immediately everyone's attention was on her, the game forgotten. Edward strangely snarled while everyone else asked Alice what she saw. "Nomads, they were supposed to keep going south. But they heard our game." Everyone's eyes flickered to me. Crap. Nomads. Blood drinkers. And me with some of the sweetest blood vampires had ever smelled. My eyes caught Edward shaking his head at something Esme had said, but I decided to wait on asking. They started putting together a plan on what to do, and before long Edwards eyes moved to the woods. They were standing in formation with Carlisle at front, with Jasper at one side and Esme at the other. With Emmett, Rosalie on his left and Alice, Edward and I on the right. Edward was standing protectively in front of me, but I still peeked around to see. Three figures stepped out of the woods. As they walked over I studied their features. The male in front was a blonde white male with his hair in a ponytail. While his blood red eyes were startling, his friendly smile was actually reassuring. The female was shorter with bright red hair and a gorgeous face. Her eyes were flickering around the clearing, nervously. The last male was the most confusing. He was walking completely relaxed, and his dark skin, along with his long black dreads. The strangest thing about him, was his eyes, which were a bright gold. Clearly the Cullen's were as shocked as the nomads were about the vegetarian as the nomads were about the Cullen's. "Hello, I'm James and this is my mate, Victoria, and my coven mate Laurent," The blonde one said. Carlisle smiled, "Hello, I am Carlisle and my mate Esme, along with my family, Jasper, Alice, Edward, Angela, Emmett and Rosalie. And might I say it is strange to see another vegetarian." Laurent smiled, "Yes, I recently switched diets, it's still difficult but for personal reasons I found that it is nicer with animals." James cut in, "Not to be rude, but would you mind if we joined you? It has been awhile since we've met such a large group of vampire's and I do love a good game of baseball." Carlisle smiled apologetically, "I'm sorry, perhaps another time. Most of my children were leaving." James sighed sadly, "Very well, perhaps we could meet soon though?" I could tell that Edward to leave as he turned me but everything changed when a breeze blew through my hair and straight to the nomads. They stiffened and looked incredulous at me. Edward stood in front of me cutting off their vision of me. "You have a human that knows?" James asked incredulously. Carlisle tried to pacify him, "She is my son's mate, so she is spoken for." They still didn't look reassured, clearly not liking me being here. "You will not hurt her," Edward warned them. Victoria scoffed, "We only hunt those who prey on other humans. An innocent is fine." James nodded, "We will not hurt her, but I do not want to be near a human for safety reasons. We will vacate your territory immediately, I would recommend changing her soon." Carlisle nodded solemnly, "Perhaps that would be best." The three turned to leave but Edward stopped them, "What do you mean that the Volturi are coming here?" The other Cullen's gasped but Edward stared at Laurent. Emmett growled, "Are they threatening to go to the Volturi?" The nomads shook their heads quickly and Laurent responded, "No, I swear. We, like all others, try to avoid the Volturi. Rumor has it that Hunter is on the East Coast. So no doubt the Volturi are trying to track it down." The Cullen's sat back confused, Carlisle asked what they were all thinking, "Hunter?" The nomads looked just as shocked, "You haven't heard about Hunter?" Carlisle shook his head, "No we haven't." James looked like he couldn't decide to tell us or to leave but he sighed. "Laurent, perhaps you could use your gift." The Cullen's tensed but Laurent reassured them, "My gift just recreates certain memories in the air. It's pretty much just a television. I was there when we first encountered Hunter in Volterra." The Cullen's looked at Edward who nodded after reading Laurent's mind confirmed his honesty. Laurent sat on the ground and focused. After a few seconds above his head a strange mist appeared, revealing three thrones, with three incredibly old vampires. Lpov I bowed to the kings, "Thank you, my lords." I had just finished business with them when the shouting started. We all turned to the closed large doors as vampires were telling others to catch something. Aro stood up frowning, "Jane, Felix, go check what is happening." The two vampires ran to the door and made to open the door. But before they could they were blown apart, smashing into the two vampires and launching them back. Then something flew through the doorway. It was a bird of some sorts. Small and white. It quickly circled the room and landed on the top of Aro's throne. It scanned the room before jumping up. It was in the next second that everything changed. The bird dropped toward the ground, yet right before it hit the ground, a ripple occurred. The creature that landed on the floor wasn't a bird, but a bloodhound. Everyone gasped and stared at the shape changer. Aro was grinning like a lunatic, "Hello, may I ask who you are?" The dog ignored him and kept sniffing around, it made a weird whimper, and then started trotting toward a door of the side. As soon as it got close the door was blown inwards. Aro was looking upset as the creature ignored his continued attempts to communicate. He turned to Jane, "Catch its attention." Jane grinned menacingly, "Of course Master." She turned to the dog as it sniffed around the large room next to the throne room. We all stood in anticipation, waiting for the dog to drop. However nothing changed. Jane's grin fell and she began to look angrier. Still nothing changed. Jane snarled and stormed up to the dog. Raising her fist as to hit the dog she lunged forward. I looked to see if Aro would stop her, but he didn't. The second before Jane hit the smaller dog, it shifted again. This time into a large Siberian tiger. It sidestepped Jane, and swung a massive paw into Jane's back as she passed by, launching Jane into the wall. The rest of the vampires stared in shock, but Aro smiled even more. Whatever this creature was, he wanted it. The now large cat began sniffing around. Snarling when it couldn't find it. That's when we heard it first. Not here. Where is it? Find it. Hunt it. Have it. It was a quiet voice that seemed to appear in the air around the creature. It was almost female, but almost feral in sound. Aro, ecstatic at communication, tried again, "What are you looking for, my dear?" The cat shifted again, into a different bird this time. Not here. Leave. Hunt. Find. Always hunting. Hunting. Find. Hunt. Aro snarled, and Caius, annoyed at this creature, ran forward. But the creature just jumped to the air and started flying around and aimed over our heads to travel out of the throne room. "STOP IT!" Aro ordered. The entire guard, and myself, lunged up to grab at the bird, but it easily dodged the grabbing hands and flew back out of the room. We all ran after the bird through the hallways, but its speed easily rivaled ours as it sped away. When we reached the last doorway it burst into the sunlight, leaving us lingering in the shadows of Volterra. Cpov This was strange. The creature changed form from one creature to another. I looked at the nomads. "Was it just able to shift between those four animals?" James shook his head, "Not from what I've heard. That scene was around seventy years, since then it has been spotted multiple times. The Volturi has put out an order to find and attempt to capture it. It doesn't appear to have any limit on animals, regardless of size. Mammal, insect, fish. It changes form constantly." Jasper leaned forward, "And it's immunity to Jane's gift?" Laurent answered, "It appears that it is immune to any gift. Demetri cannot track it, Alec cannot stop it, we are unsure if any gifts affect it. It is as fast as we are and no doubt as strong as we are. But based on its thoughts, mentally unstable." James looked around and once again his eyes rested on Angela. He didn't look at her viciously, just uncomfortable. He looked to me, "I would love to discuss Hunter with you, but with you having a human with you, I would prefer to leave." I nodded, it was unkind to try and force them to stay, "Of course, thank you for telling us about this Hunter." He nodded and turned and the three of them ran into the forest. I turned to Edward and Angela. "Were they telling the truth?" I asked Edward. He nodded, "Yes. They withheld a bit though. The creature has been nonstop hunted by the Volturi, even the kings have gone out for periods to search for it. They have attacked it full out, Laurent was on one of those missions apparently and it beat all of them but left them alive." I frowned, this was an interesting development, something that easily beat the Volturi. I shook my head to clear my thoughts. "Edward, did they say why they called it 'Hunter'?" Alice asked. He nodded, "Yes, apparently, Aro sent a single vampire to try and talk with it. And while almost everything was incoherent, what they did understand is that it is 'always hunting'. So they just started calling her Hunter." "Her?" Emmett asked. Edward nodded again, "In nearly all of its forms, they were able to tell that it was female, plus the voice sounds female as well." We