Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight though I wish I did. Summary: Alice had visions of Bella coming to Forks. The shy one from Twilight. Edwards mate. However what happens when two people randomly met and no decisions were made? What happens when this meeting changes one of them entirely? But Alice didn't see any of that and the Cullen's are prepared to meet the shy, clumsy Bella, so what happens when that's not who shows up? Read and find out! Oh and I think that the majority of the chapters will be written from everybody BUT Bella's…mostly, may be tiny parts. Don't ask I'm weird like that. ENJOY! Epov It had taken weeks for Alice to convince me that this human girl was my mate. I had already seen it in Alice's hundreds of visions, most of which showed us together and smiling. The rest of the family took it pretty well that I would be a mate with a human girl. Carlisle and Esme were ecstatic that I had finally found a mate, Alice was excited for a new best friend (visions told her they would), Jasper was too but concerned how well he could handle her blood, and Emmett was thinking all about how he could tease me about it. Rosalie was the only one. She was the only one, but after reading her mind I could tell that she was jealous that I picked one that wasn't her, not that she wanted me to, but she just wanted me to swoon at her feet. "Family meeting!" I heard Alice call out from the living room. In her mind I could hear this had something to do with my mate so I quickly blurred down and beat my family. Rosalie also figured what this was about and in her thoughts I could hear her frustration. The rest of the family filled into the room and Alice started off. "Okay, so Bella is coming to her first day of school tomorrow. We are going to play this exactly like my visions except for the part of Edward having difficulty with her being his singer." I frowned again at this; my poor Bella is in so much danger from me. I could hurt her so easily. Plus the visions showed my reactions to her blood and I was in no way anxious to scare the shy girl. I looked at Alice and noticed her in a vision and I caught the brief ending with me smelling one of Bella's shirts, eyes pure black. Alice looked at me and I nodded back. "That could work," she added. "What could work?" Emmett asked, annoyed in our one sided conversations. "I am going to stop by Bella's house and borrow one of her shirts for Edward to get used to her house," Alice replied. Rosalie scoffed, "Is there any reason for me to actually be here?" When no one replied she simply blurred out of the room and into her garage to play with her cars. Emmett looked disappointed but he ran after her. Carlisle and Esme looked at Alice. "What is she like?" Esme asked. "She's shy but kind, sweet, totally innocent, and incredibly clumsy, she has broken so many bones from just random falls. Plus I can't read her mind," I responded, cutting Alice off. She looked annoyed that I did but she was my mate, well not yet. Alice turned to Esme and started talking about my Bella while Carlisle and Jasper seemed curious as to how she can block my telepathy. We talked about her throughout most of the day, all of us anxious to finally meet her. Bpov (A.N. Lol I tell you no bella pov and second persons is hers) I was ready for this. I looked up at the countdown, under two minutes. I kept my breathing down and my heart rate calm. Panicking was not a smart thing to do now. Not that I would panic. Done this at least a hundred times now. The sound of my phone ringing pulled me from my thoughts; I unzipped the pouch on my pants and pulled out my phone. I grimaced at the name, he had to call now. "Hey dad," I answered the phone. " Hello Isabella ," crap he's pissed, " I would just like to point out my surprise when I grabbed your bag from the pick up zone like you asked, and the attendant informed me that the flight it came on was only a cargo plane, no passengers. Now, would you like to tell me where you are?" "Um, I'll be out of the plan in about one minute," I added sheepishly. " Really?" I heard him shuffle around, "I don't see any planes on the tarma-…Bella are you doing it again?" I sighed, "Yeah dad and before you say anything look up and notice the only semi cloudy sky. This is easy. Relax and take a deep breath. I'll see you on the ground." I heard him sigh, 'Fine Bella, be safe." "I will, love you," I finished, throwing my phone back in the pocket. Less than thirty seconds. I stood up and walked over to Sparky, one of my friends even though he's kind of a dick. We weren't really hugging friends so we simply fist bumped and walked over to the red light on the wall. "Come on Door Bell, time to go," he told me. I smiled at him, "See you later Sir Sparks-A-Lot." He rolled his eyes before looking up at the red light. I followed his gaze and placed both my hands on either side of the open door, wind whipping around my face. I heard the beep the same time I felt him tap my shoulder and I launched myself out the open door. Epov We were waiting in the parking lot. Today was supposed to be the first day with Bella. I had been practicing her scent as much as I could with her shirt and though I was better, it still hit me like a wrecking ball every time. I looked around at my family all who were waiting for Bella Swan to show up as well. Even Rosalie was curious, though she tried to hide it as she worked. Something had happened to the engine and she was . I smirked internally; at her mental debate about how to find out what car she was driving without coming out as interested. "It's an old rusted Chevy, Rose, thing is supposed to be falling apart," I commented at her. She glared at me before turning and going back to finish her work, slamming the hood shut and looking on her arms for grease, satisfied that she was clean she leaned against the hood. I smiled at her planning on telling her that her elbow had a small amount, but the sound of an older engine driving closer pulled all of our attention. We sat there waiting in anticipation, Alice and I were the only ones who had actually seen her…sort of. It was actually Rosalie that noticed it first. He said older Chevy right? That doesn't sound like a truck, more like a…hot rod. I frowned at this, maybe it was just because it was falling apart that it sounded off. But my thoughts were proven wrong as the car got closer and Rosalie became more and more positive that it wasn't a truck. I scowled as both Jasper's and Emmett's thoughts began pointing in the same direction. Rosalie figured out the vehicle the same moment it pulled into the parking lot. 1967 Ford Mustang Shelby GT 500. All of us stared confused as the deep blue muscle car drove around the lot revving until it expertly backed into a parking spot. After the car cut off everyone stared, anxious to see who would pop out. And pop out they did. She looked gorgeous and confident as she scanned the parking lot with a bright smile on her face, as her eyes began to get closer to my family I stood taller and smiled at her. Her eyes scanned me before moving on, no change in her look. Oh rejection I heard Emmett think. I snarled quietly at him but continued to watch her as she reached back into her car and grabbing her backpack and an apple. She closed her door and elegantly strode across the parking lot, only stopping near the office door to look back to us. I smiled thinking I had caught her attention, but as her head tilted as if thinking I heard a thought that put me off. Why is she looking at me like that Rosalie wondered. After looking at her again I realized that Rosalie was right and she was being looked at, but not in lust, more in curiosity. She shook her head as if clearing her thoughts before strolling into the office. Everyone stared at her disappearing figure, or in Rosalie's case, the midnight blue Mustang that had no purpose being in this lot. "Alice, who was that?" Emmett and Jasper asked at the same time. Both Alice and I stared at each other completely confused, she forced a vision, but regardless of what she pushed, all she got was Bella pulling up in red Chevy. This didn't make any sense. "I don't understand," I told her. "Guys, come on, who was that?" Emmett asked exasperated while Jasper tried to judge our emotions. "That was Bella Swan, the shy clumsy new girl at Forks High School," Alice replied as if it was nothing, but her thoughts betrayed her internal conflict. It was silent for a moment before their thoughts started shouting. THAT WAS HIS MATE? She wasn't embarrassed with all the looks, she wasn't shy at all. Plus she was actually quite balanced walking away from her car. Are they sure? That Mustang is defiantly not a broken down Chevy, looks gorgeous and in great condition. Wonder if she has… I tried to block out their thoughts before responding, "Yes Emmett, that was my mate. I'm not sure why she wasn't embarrassed Jasper, maybe it's just with us. And she might have more than the one truck, and stop focusing on the car please." We all started walking towards the school when the bell rang, each focusing on their thoughts, except me who was focusing on Mrs. Cope as she handed Bella her slip before Bella flashed her a brilliant smile and backed out of the office. Now back outside, I watched her as she quickly scanned over her classes and shoved the list into her jeans pocket. She started walking forward before Eric Yorkie interrupted her. I growled as the boy thought about asking her out as he introduced himself to her. She smiled back at him. Then she spoke for all of us to hear, "Hey, yeah, I'm Isabella Swan, just call me Bella though. And yeah I would really love the help getting around. I swear I could get lost in my own house." Eric laughed at her and internally he jumped thinking that she was into him. Again I growled but I could only watch as he escorted her away, giving a running commentary all the way. I watched her walk out and as soon as she disappeared Alice was pulled into a vision and I followed her. It showed Bella with bright gold eyes running along someone. It looked like they were about to turn so we could see who it was but the vision ended before we could. "No," I snarled at Alice, "I've told you that's not happening. I will not condemn her to this life of being a monster." Alice frowned as our siblings around us asked us what we were talking about. "Alice had another vision of Bella being one of us, a vampire." They all rolled their eyes at our continued debate but I focused on Alice's thoughts. She was thinking back