DISCLAIMER: I am not Stephanie Meyer and I do not own Twilight. Tis but a shame I know for if I was Madam Meyer, I would have a swimming pool filled with, I do believe the current times have dubbed them "Benjamins", and I would be "rollin in it". Today's current slang is quite baffling. Regardless, enjoy my story. Not sure if going to have any new relationships, leave a review if ya feel like it. Oh and if at some point during reading, a demon is summoned to you and requests bus pass money, ignore that, he doesn't require worldly capital. This is awkward. Here I am. A twenty four year old guy, stuck in my sixteen year old body. Sitting in a high school cafeteria of a school I never attended, and trust me, I attended quite a few (record being 4 in one year). But hey, I mean it can't be all that bad right? You must be reading this and be like, wow, second chance! Do over! Yeahhh…..no. This could be bad, like really bad. Life or death bad. Because right now I am staring at five vampires, one is freaking out, two are confused about what is going on, another is trying to keep control, and the last is looking at me like she would like nothing more than to walk over and remove my head from the rest of my body (or worse, she may get creative). I mean what could possibly go wrong attending Forks High and knowing exactly what is going to happen? So here I was, I had just left the apartment starting the drive to a surf competition when I saw the headlights. You might be like, "well Alex, if you see rapidly approaching headlights, it may be a wise decision to move your ass to any other place that is out of the way," and I would entirely concur. Advice kids, if a large vehicle is approach at a high speed then move. However, back to me, in the moment I found myself frozen at the sight of the two headlights approaching rapidly. Then it hit me. As in the vehicle hit me. Stories or movies seem to say that time seem time slows down in car accidents. Trust me it doesn't. The truck or whatever monster vehicle that had been the cause of my demise hit my tiny car on the passenger side and sent my car flying into the wall of some building, a movie theatre I think. My head had hit so many parts of the car that I wasn't sure which way was up. Some part of my mind registered the screams that were going on in the distance. However for some strange reason my mind seem to focus on the advertisement that had been posted between the wall and my passenger window. Looking at the red apple resting in those hands as the black spots began to cover my vision and the sounds began to buzz together, all I could think was, I know that movie, before everything disappeared all together. It was the airplane's rough landing that woke me up. What the hell? How did I get here? Overhead the Captain's voice came on "Ladies and gentlemen please remain seated until the seat belt light turns off. We have arrived at Port Angeles, Washington. Outside the weather is-" He droned on, but I was in Port Angeles. What the hell was I doing here. It's cold. I don't do cold. I do desert. LIke 90 degree weather. Port Angeles is in Washington. And btw Washington is right next to CANADA. It's raining like 100% of the year. Okay Alexander, think, why are you here. Washington. Wait Jade is living in Washington. Okay, so maybe that annoying older step-step-sister of mine is up to something. Alright, just relax and take this one step at a time. When I had been younger my family had often travelled and I had learned to follow a procedure to make sure everything went alright. The light for seat belts turned off and I watched as everyone practically stood up at the same time. It is easier to be patient and wait. With everyone trying to get of at the same time, people were pushed, shoved, hit with travel bags. And patience has always been my strong suit. I waited as the number dwindled down as people grabbed their bags and began forcing their way out. Once it reached a lower number and the flight attendants were starting to look at me funny I stood up and looked at the storage space above the seats. Bingo. One bag left and it was my old school backpack. Wait, I thought I junked this a few years ago. Huh, guess not, must have found it befo-. Before WHAT? Okay steps, Alex, follow steps. The next step to do after departing your plan is to look around. In most airports immediately after exiting the plane there will be a large sign that will state where you are, just to double check. Alright definitely in Port Angeles. After collecting my bag from the loading area, I decided to walk outside to see if I could figure out what the hell am I supposed to do next. Before I could get there I heard an incredibly annoying ringtone. One that my pain in the ass step-sister set for me years ago. Don't Cha by the Pussycat Dolls. Needless to say, I hate Jade, with a passion. But with that damned ringtone, I figured out what was going on, I was dreaming that I went back in time. Probably laying in my bed relaxing and soon this thing would end. But strangely this dream is really vivid. Most of my dreams are dull and forgetful. Reaching into my pocket I pulled out my phone, a grey Motorola flip phone. I smirked, this thing is ancient. I flipped it open. "Hey sis, what can I do you for," I asked, knowing it was her. "Come on lazy, get your ass out here. I'm freezing my ass off outside, I already grabbed your suitcases," An annoyed whiny voice replied. "Gotcha, be out there in a jiffy." My step-sister Jade is annoying. Not the fun, loud, enjoyable annoying some people are. No she is the obnoxious, squeaky, high pitched annoying that you figured most girls would grow out of in middle school. She looks nothing like me. She has long black hair and an oriental face. She is practically all bone, she looks like a bean pole. Since I went back in time I decided to doom my ears and began asking her a few questions about how she's been, what she's been up to and stuff like that. When she told me that this was her third semester at college I did a little math. Alright third semester, she's what, almost 3 years older than me. So what she would be 19 or 20, guess that would make me 16 or 17. So that would make this around 2005? Awesome! Looking up I grabbed the mirror and flicked it down. And wouldn't you know it, young teenage me was staring back. Surfer dirty blonde hair down to my neck, badass emerald green eyes (if I do say so myself), a Californian tan, and an overall semi-attractive face. I'm not the hottest thing since sliced bread, but hey my killer confidence makes up for it. As my pa once said "you could look like a dump, as long as you're a confident dump the girls will still fall at your feet"...just kidding my dad never said that, but still, always be confident. After giving myself a once over, figuring that I was right on the year, I decided to use my super power and block out the stream of annoying drable that seem to be pouring out of the step-demon's mouth and focus on the finer things in life. I looked out the window to the dismal, depressing, downcast, and other d-words that describe the overall depressing feel the green forest gave off. Give me the beach, palm trees, and a surfboard anyday. "-once you start your classes I'll leave you alone at the place." at this I focused back to Jade. "Huh?" She sighed annoyed, clearly expecting me to listen to every word like it was delivered from God himself. Yeah, right. "I said, that I am staying with a friend in her apartment next to the college, so once you start your classes at Forks High School then I'm leaving you." Ah, crap. High school, the bane of my existence. Surfer/Californian jokes here I come. Can't this dream end soon. Wait, Forks High? That sounds familiar. It still hadn't ended. I was looking at a large bedroom with a king sized bed. I was in love. This bed and I were going to become best friends. Who cares if I'm dreaming, I love sleep so much I do it while I'm dreaming. I usually go to bed around nine voluntarily. You must be like "what a loser, he must have no life". Well no to the first a no to the second, ya jerks. I just like sleep and you can go suck it. The room was empty except for the bed, a small wooden dresser and an even metal smaller desk (with no chair, I mean seriously). The walls were painted a deep blue that reminded me of the ocean with the bed following the same color scheme. I liked it. The room had plenty of space for me to throw on some headphones and dance to the tunes like a complete fool, yup thats me. Down the hall I could hear Jade talking on the phone with one of her many "friends", or squeaking/screaming/whining plus whatever other synonyms of the word annoying. I really can't wait for her to leave. The house I was moving into was a cozy 2 bedroom 1 bath cottage nestled into the woods away from the road. It wasn't really furnished cept for the basics, parents figured out if they were moving me around so much then it wasn't really necessary to furnish the place. Not that they couldn't afford it, Mum's family owns an international oil company while Dad works as a plastic surgeon….in Beverly Hills. "Oh hey have you ever met any celebs?" Sigh. Yes. Yes I have and no I'm not going to give you their cell numbers. Grow up. They are just people. Anyways yeah my family is really rich, I already own three cars, well two at this age in the dream. However, I will get another when I graduate. The only one I drive is my red Mini Cooper, but my father seemed to think I needed a more professional car so he also bought me a black Audi S4. But the Aston Martin Vanquish that my grandfather on my mother side bought, well that more for showing off. Two days have passed. Two days of exploring the woods around the house and reading some of the books I brought with me. I apparently didn't plan on staying long..…..only one of my giant suitcases was completely filled. I have an addiction. What do I read? Uh well. Fantasy, Romance, Drama, Historical, Cooking, Medical, Language….okay let's just say that if it has words I will read it, 'kay? Cept poetry….we don't get along poetry and I. Jade left yesterday. Didn't even offer a goodbye. Doesn't really matter, been living by myself for five years now. I could handle this. So guess what, been here two days and I'm getting less positive this is a dream. 1st clue, ran into a door. It hurt. 2nd clue, I still sleep and dream, so inception much? 3rd clue, this is way to vivid. So guess I traveled back in time, changed something and now I'm in Washington. Cool. Except I went back to junior year. Of high