Full Summary: Twelve Teenagers got their big chance. Three weeks alone on a lonely island near Rio de Janeiro they are the main actors of a movie, the plot of which they alone decide. But not just for the 17 year old Mia, who has her very own reasons for being on the island, the paradise turns into a golden cage- What is the melancholy Solo hiding. Who is the beautiful Moon, the soft Pearl, the provoking Joker, who are they all in real life? They are all coming closer to finding out the truth when a eccentric director surprises the teenagers with a game that nobody is prepared for. A game that soon turns deadly serious. A/N: Hello everybody! You've probably already read it in the description, but I'm going to repeat it anyway: This whole story isn't mine. I am merely translating a german book I used to love (Isola by Isabel Abedi) and chugging my favourite Harry Potter characters in it. As far as I know there is no official translation of the book, if there is, just tell me and I might just take this whole thing down. Obviously the characters are going to be very OOC. Because mostly I'm just changing the names and the physical features. Also obvious: this is a muggle AU. And just for the record: just pecause people were or weren't related or the same age in Harry Potter, doesn't mean they will be in this story. This whole thing is also just a test right now. I want to find out if anyone even wants to read a story like this (that's why it's unbetaed for now, if you like it and want to be my beta just contact me, I really nead one!) Even if the response to this will be positive, I can't really say how often new chapters will be uploaded. It all depends on how long they are and how stressful uni is. As you've probably already guessed: I'm German and English is my second language, so there will probably quite a few grammar mistakes in this whole thing. That's the main reason I would need a beta, if I continued this. So, after this way to long authors note: Enjoy the story! ISOLA A Movie by Severus Snape starring Hermione Granger as MIA Nymphadora Tonks as FAIRY Luna Lovegood as MOON Angelina Johnson as PEARL Ginevra Weasley as VIXEN Lavender Brown as DARLING Ronald Weasley as ALPHA Remus Lupin as WOLFIE Draco Malfoy as LUNG Neville Longbottom as NEANDER James Potter as JOKER Sirius O. Black as SOLO ONE He was the only person in the hospital garden, just like very year at this time. It was six in the morning, the moon was still high and the little lamps illuminated the meadow like small eyes. Classical music could be heard out of one window. He tilted his head and listened. La Mer, by Debussy. He smiled as if the music was a sign, which it was. He slowly walked towards the white marble-angel. The little statue was standing in the far corner of the garden in front of a birch. Carefully he unwrapped the orchid from its brown paper and laid it in the hands of the marble angel. The Angel didn't smile. It stood as still just like as it always did. A cold wind was coming from the north and fog lay across the meadow like a thin blanket. But the red blossom radiated warmth. Warmth, light and life. He never liked graveyards and didn't understand why people went there to visit dead people. Marlene spent her last hours here, behind one of those windows, nineteen years ago to the day. He considered this a sign as well. It was a good day for saying goodbye. The wind got stronger and colder. One of the last leaves of the birch flew away, slowly sinking towards the floor. He caught it between his hands and wiped away the frozen dew from its surface, looking back at the orchid. The music behind the window stopped playing and the deep red of the blossom suddenly reminded him of fresh blood. "I am so sorry," he whispered. Then he turned around and left the garden. It was time. His plane would start in three hours and the next day he would be on the island. Earlier than all the others of course. He would already be there, when they were still in the air. He tried to remember all of their faces and all the names they chose for their stay on the island. How fitting they all were, especially Sirius's name. I believe in the meanings of names. I always did. There is a quote by John Steinbeck I one memorised when reading it for school that I suddenly remembered on the plane. "I've never known," says Steinbeck in East of Eden "whether the name is moulded by the child or the child changed to fit the name. But you can be sure of this- whenever a human has a nickname it is a proof that the name given him was wrong." But in my case it was entirely different. Hermione was the name that Jean and Richard chose for me, but I don't feel like I ever became a Hermione. My reak given name was Mia and I would now finally return to that name. While the plane got faster and faster I said my goodbyes. Goodbye to England, to the cold and the rain, to Jean and Richard and goodbye to Hermione Granger, my English name. It is hard to describe the turmoil of emotions in me as the engines roared louder. Suddenly my body was pressed to the seat and everything vibrated. I dug my nails in the armrest and for a short moment I thought that my decision to fly to the island was insane. Then everything got still. We had started. "Your first flight?" The seat next to me was free, but a older man sat in the one by the aisle smiling friendly at me. The Brazilian accent in his voice made my heart beat faster. I nodded, thinking that you didn't have to speak to lie. I looked out of the window. London was slowly fading behind the clouds. Severus Snape would already be on the island. He probably took the plane from Manchester while the rest of us, the cast, hae to fly from London. There were twelve of us, but I didn't know the others yet and the older men next to me surely wasn't one of us. Six boys and six girls and we were all sitting on the same plane. That was pretty much all the information on the cast that I was given by Snape, when he offered me the place in his movie project last October. Girls and Boys , I only just noticed how unfitting that sounded. But would Men and Women fit better? What was I at seventeen? If it is true that the English language consists of circa half a million words, then I have to wonder why such a important word between Girl and Woman is missing. In Brazilian it's just the same. Menina means Girl, Mulher means Woman. But in everyday language there are countless other words for the female gender. Gathina, the kitten, Gata the cat, Flor, the flower, Brotinho, the bud ... Above my seat the seatbelt-signs turned off. I used my tongue to wet my lips which were still dry from the cold at home. Just like so often the winter came over night to turn England cold for the next few months. But we flew towards the summer and the English grey would be replaced by the sea and all the colours. I looked for a stewardess that was still busy in the first class. It would probably take some time before I would get something to drink. Instead a head of wild, purple curls appeared in the row in front of me. „Hey, you're part of it, too?" I winced. The purple curls belonged to a chubby – I decided on girl . She definitely looked younger that me. She wore a long, loose dress made out of countless blue, purple and green patterned fabrics. Some of them hat pearls and little mirrors on them. The girls lips were painted black and turned upwards in a bright smile while her golden-brown eyes mustered me curiously. Before I could even answer, the girl shuffled by the older man with a mumbled sorry to be able to sit next to me. She smelled sweet, of musk or patschuli, definitely something Indian. "You're flying to the island too, aren't you?" The black smile grew even brighter before a hand extended towards me a hand adorned with several colourful, beaded bracelets and the girl introduced herself without waiting for my answer, as "Fairy". "That's my name on the island. I suppose the real one isn't necessary, is it? I definitely bet you are with us. What's your name?" For a moment I considered whether I wanted to be friends with this hyperactive Fairy. Imagining that I had to sit the next twelve hours next to her, breathing in her sweet scent, made me even more nervous than I already was. But there was something about her that I instantly liked and maybe she would be able to distract me from myself. "Mia" I said. "Mia?" Fairy frowned. "IRL or on the island?" I hesitated for a moment. "On the island." "Hm." Fairy undid her shoes and tried to sit Indian style on the tiny seat, hitting the older mans side with her knee. "Sorry ..." She took a piece of paper out of the pocket of her dress. It was a newspaper article that she shoved in my face. A photograph of Severus Snape was visible. "You have to read what it says about our project," she said and before I could even begin reading she tapped her finger on the picture. "Have you been in Snapes studio, too? What do you think about him?" Fairy scrunched up her tiny nose. "Weird eyes, don't you think? Did he watch you weirdly, too? Where did he find you? Sorry!" Fairy hit the older man again with her knee, but didn't look like she would give up her sitting style anytime soon. I had to smile. I didn't understand much about movie production, let alone about projects like this one, but if the other members of the crew would be half as crazy as this Fairy, we would be a wild mix. I looked at the picture of Severus Snape. Just like at our first meeting I noticed that his shoes were differently coloured. They were sneakers, shining and probably made of expensive leather one of them was red, the other black. Maybe it was some kind of trademark sign. And his eyes really were weird, I had the same feeling at the casting. Small, black and completely round. And so fast. The way they had moved behind the red glasses, just to suddenly fix on you with this piercing gaze had been pretty disconcerting. The rest of his presence had felt much the same. His arrogant, almost scary authority was mirrored by the way he moved his face and his entire body. He hat a slim face, with sharp cheekbones and a cleft in his chin, accompanied by hard lines around his mouth. Jean had called these lines painlines and started speculating that the directors had probably had a rough childhood, Richard simply shook his head smiling as if to say "You and your Psychologist-Disease, always trying to read the past off of peoples faces." But Snapes voice had been deep and warm. He first talked to me after our dance performance, but I had naturally read about the project before that, being sure that thousands of teenagers had applied to be part of it. Severus Snape