AUTHOR'S NOTES This story would never have been written if not for a post on Tumblr by vowel Legolas in reply to Orlameobloom. orlameobloom asked: Imagine a legolas by laura rewrite where instead of all the weird sh*t it's literally just Legolas trying to look after a baby by himself and not knowing what the hell to do omg Leeeeeeeeeegooooooooolaaaaaaaaas answered: That sounds so cute omg! This is the result of that post. Thank you Orlameobloom for coming up with the idea, and vowel Legolas for posting it. I hope you all enjoy the real story of Legolas by Laura as told by Dayna, without all the weird stuff. LAURELIN Legolas was riding along the north side of the Forest River toward his father's halls, exhausted from destroying a rather large spider den. He had separated from his patrol to gather his thoughts and make a proper report to the king; Thranduil never took the loss of an elf easily, especially when it was kin. Miraear was a fierce warrior and she was well respected among the elves. It grieved him to watch her release her fëa instead of fighting for survival, and he had taken great pleasure in killing the spider that took his cousin's life. The emptiness in his chest grew. He could hear the sound of occasional battle on the opposite shore as his archers protected those carrying the bodies of Miraear and Fion. Authiel had sent him across the river to grieve in peace, and while he had been angry with her at first, he knew she had done the right thing. He trusted his patrol to her, knowing his elves would allow him as much peace as possible before delivering the bodies home for burial. The sound of the running river and the chance to catch some occasional sunlight helped ease the heart of the prince as Tinnuroch ambled along the bank. They approached a large open section of the river and Legolas sighed as the sun washed away the darkness that tried to suffocate him. He looked up and saw the Valar Stone standing at the edge of the water and offered thanks for the sun and the feeling of peace that lived there. He smiled and shook his head as he realized Tinnuroch had brought them this way of her own accord, and patted her neck with love. "You are a good horse. It is good to have a place of peace in Mirkwood," Legolas said in Sindarin as they paused at the stone. He was so lost in thought that he didn't hear the distant cry. Tinnuroch however did not miss it and she twitched her ears, gave a sharp nod and snorted. "Tinnuroch, man te?" (What is it?) The horse began to canter, heading north into the forest and away from the river. This time he heard the cry and urged his mount to move faster. They were about a quarter mile from the river when they located the source of the noise. Legolas had knife in hand as they approached a small copse of trees. The sun broke through the canopy and shone down on a laurel tree and the noisome bundle at its base. Tiny arms waved above the cloth ending in little pink hands clenched into fists, the voice from within shrieking its displeasure. The elf dismounted and cautiously approached the small bundle of rags as Tinnuroch snorted. "Henion mellon nin, tanya raumo kuile i' ba!" (I understand, my friend, that noise could wake the dead!) He turned to the baby and squatted beside it. "Ya hyarya lle sinome, pinig? O van oduleg?" (Who left you here, little one? Where did you come from?) He unwrapped the child from the cloth and blinked in surprise. "Adan! You are a human child," he said in Westron. "Where is your family?" He gently picked up the baby, wrinkling his nose at the smell. "Oh you are a dirty orc!" He thought back to when he was an elfling and had gone to visit his aunt and uncle with Naneth to see his newborn cousin. "Isn't she beautiful, Legolas? Here, hold her." He took the squirming bundle in his arms and arched an eyebrow at her as Miraear did some rather loud and messy business, then smiled in relief. "She smells like an orc," he said in disgust as the adults laughed. "Here, take her back." His uncle chuckled and put his arm around his nephew. "She chose you, little green leaf. Come, I will assist you in cleaning your 'dirty little orc.'" It hurt his heart to know she was now gone to the Halls of Mandos, but Manwë had sent him a distraction from his grief in this smelly little bundle. The infant was happy to be free of the wrap and to be held, and stopped crying. It stared at the elf in wonder as he spoke, and a bright smile crossed its face. The elf responded with a more contained smile. "You smell worse than the humans in Esgaroth," Legolas continued in Westron. "Look at your clothes," he brought the child closer to him and gave a careful sniff, "Ai little one, you do have the scent of orc upon you. Why would a foul beast bring a human child into Mirkwood?" The baby began to squirm and fuss in the elf's grip. He sighed, picked up what had passed as swaddling and patted the horse. "Lead us back to the river, Tinnuroch. This little orc needs a bath." Of course the elven prince had never actually bathed an infant before and was quite shocked to discover just how slippery a wet baby could be. There were many colorful elvish words spoken as he tried to properly wash her, and Legolas eventually gave up hope of staying dry himself. It took close to an hour to complete the task of cleaning the child and all her garments, partially because the slippery baby was very nearly drowned by her savior. Twice. Legolas pulled out the extra tunic from his saddlebag and wrapped it around his little charge as she wailed and struggled against him. She eventually fell into an exhausted sleep and he lay her on the grassy bank as he finished washing her clothes. When the diaper was dry enough to use again, the elf struggled with folding the cloth around the sleeping child. "It has been too long," he muttered, "Much too long indeed." Finally satisfied with his handiwork, he scrutinized the sleeping child. "What is your name, little one?" The sunlight glinted off her blonde hair and Legolas nodded. "Ech Laurelin estathon. Yes, I found you by a laurel tree and your hair is golden. In honor of Yavanna I will call you Laurelin." He clicked his tongue, calling Tinnuroch to him. She ambled over and nuzzled his face, giving a contented sigh. "Yes, I too am enjoying the peace and quiet," the elf laughed and stood up to get some lembas from his pack. He took a bite and stared at the baby. "I am certain that you will require food when you awake. We are a day's ride from my father's halls, it will be dark soon and I am hard-pressed to find a nursemaid here in the wilderness, let alone your family." The elf paced the small area, trying to come up with a solution to a very real problem. He thought about various plants and fruits that might offer sustenance for the child and then remembered the limpe yave that Elladan had given him on his previous visit to Rivendell. The melon had a milk-type substance in the hollow center that might suffice until he reached his father's halls. Legolas had brought some seeds back with him and the trees flourished in Mirkwood, to the delight of all the elves. Unfortunately he was at least an hour's travel from where he had planted seeds long ago. "Come Tinnuroch, we must set off before Laurelin awakes. Walk with all care and speed!" He gently scooped the sleeping child into his arms and mounted the horse without disturbing her. He hummed a lullaby that his Naneth had sung to him and the baby slept soundly. Legolas was feeling rather proud of himself and was looking forward to sharing this story with his patrol; that is until Laurelin woke up. Her little coos and gurgles quickly became the cry of hunger. When the elf didn't provide the requested breast, Laurelin got angry. And loud. Try as he might, Thranduil's son could not soothe the upset child in Elvish or Westron. "Ai, din ooma beleg pinig!" (Oh you are so loud for a little one!) After twenty screaming minutes they reached the limpe yave tree. Legolas took his cloak out of the saddlebag and laid it on the ground, then put the baby on it. "I am going to get you some food little one," the elf said in a soft voice. The baby cried louder and the horse snorted her disapproval. "I shall be as quick as I can," he said as he patted the horse's flank. He walked over to a large tree and shimmied up like a monkey. Thankfully the limpe yave was plentiful and Legolas was able to put five ripe melons in his bag. He took a deep breath, relishing in the quiet up in the canopy. He knew the child couldn't help herself, but it was becoming quite wearisome listening to her wails. Just as he realized that he should be hearing her wails Tinnuroch gave a whinny of distress. The elf slid down the tree and landed in an attack stance, but there was no one around. The horse whinnied again and pawed at the cloak on the ground. The baby had rolled herself off the cloak and into the scrub lining the river, landing face down in the dirt. In one fluid motion Legolas dropped the bag and scooped up Laurelin with one hand while wiping her face with the other. "Av-'osto pinig. Don't be afraid little one." She screamed in fury at the elf as he finished cleaning her nose and mouth. " Lasto nin… listen to me. Tiro nin, odulen an gi meriad. Look at me, I'm here to protect you. Shhhh, shhhh… av-'osto… " Laurelin's wails soon became whimpers as Legolas continued a steady stream of elvish while walking her up and down the riverbank. Tinnuroch even walked over and snuffed the baby's head which startled her into silence as her eyes went wide in shock. As the baby continued to catch her breath from her crying fit, the elf walked back over to his cloak and sat down. Tinnuroch knelt down beside him, nodded her head to her left side, then touched the baby's head with her muzzle. Legolas understood the gesture and smiled. "You want to hold her?" He looked down at the baby and spoke in Westron. "Tinnuroch is a little mother who thinks I am no good at caring for a baby, so she is going to hold you, little one." He propped Laurelin against the horse's shoulder and set about preparing her food. As he worked, he sang a song about Yavanna, and how she brought forth Telperion and Laurelin, the trees of light. The infant was transfixed by the song and watched as the elf cracked open the fruit, careful to keep the sticky liquid inside. He added some water to thin down the milk and offered a spoonful to the baby. "Try this, Laurelin," he said as he put the spoon to the child's lips and laughed at the face she made. "Oh come now, my skills are not that bad." Her frustrated wail said otherwise. Tinnuroch turned away from the noise and snorted loudly. She wouldn't look at the elf as he explained the situation to her, and he became frustrated. "I was not trained in child care, little mother. I cannot nurse her as a