Disclaimer: I do not own Hunger Games. :( Authors Note: Hello! This is my first Hunger Games fic. And its an AU focusing on Finnick and Annie. There will be side pairings. I haven't finalized those yet, but I'm leaning towards Katniss/Cato, Clove/Peeta, Haymitch/Effie. But these aren't final yet. It would depend on how the story plays out I guess. This is an AU that focuses on the timeline of mid-1800's kind of thing. Hopefully I'll be working around that. Kindly review and tell me what you think. :)))) Thank you. I hope u guys like it. Please review and tell me what you think. A Day with Annie Cresta A lithe girl with her flowing brown hair , and beautiful sea green eyes, walked the halls briskly, making her way to her master's bedroom. Every morning, said girl was tasked to bring breakfast to her master's room, which she had done on routine the moment she was tasked to do so. That started about a week ago, when she was rescued, albeit surprisingly, and brought where she was now. Her name is Annabel Cresta, better known to her friends as, Annie. Annie did her job as she was told, after all, she was grateful to these people for saving her from that life. She shuddered with just the thought of it, and continued to walk towards her destination. If Annie were to be truthful to herself, she would have wanted nothing more than to have another job around the house, or rather, mansion. But beggars couldn't be choosers, and she accepted whatever it was the was given to her. She started a week ago, and on routine, she had decided to do her job on the clock. She found out about his daily schedule, including what time he woke and was out of the house. Annie then decided that she would deliver breakfast minutes before he would wake. And so, for the past week, her day began as follows. She would wake early around 6am, commence with housework, prepare the meal, and deliver it to her master's bedroom roughly before 8am, placing it by his bedside. She noted on her first day that he tended to wake up around that time, so she followed her schedule as it is, so that once he was awake, he would have his meal by his bedside still warm and she would be gone and out his bedroom door. Unfortunately for her, she slept in this morning, and by the time she was done making the meal it was already past eight. Annie shuddered and chanted in her head "Everything is fine. I'm fine." She stood by the door of the room and asked herself quietly "How did I end up like this?" ~Flashback~ Annie was seven years old when she was left on the streets to fend for herself. Life wasn't too kind towards her and her family, and with the fall of certain parts of the economy hit their small town, it was no surprise that her not so wealthy family had begun to scavenge for funds to afford life's daily necessities. Small town businesses had begun to crash and burn and there was difficulty in living in general. And to make matters worse, the economic fall was followed immediately by the rise of the Cholera Epidemic. The sickness had killed dozens in her small town, and it wasn't long before her parents caught it too. Once her parents had passed away, she was declared an orphan and had to find out how to survive on her own. Annie didn't know any relatives that would have been willing to take her in, so she had tried her best to survive on the streets for a couple of days. That was until, that one evening when she was barely scraping for food that someone had grabbed hold of her shoulder. Annie immediately turned around to look at who had touched her, and saw a beautiful woman with blond hair and hazel eyes. "W-who are you?" she asked, frightened. The woman smiled and knelt in front of young, small Annie. "Hello there young one. My name is Maysilee Donner. May I know your name dear?" she asked kindly. Annie fiddled with the worn out clothes that she had been wearing for days, her shyness showing immediately towards the stranger. "I'm Annabel. But, my mommy and daddy call me Annie." " Well hello there Annie. Can I ask you were your mommy and daddy are?" Asked Maysilee, although she already had a thought that she knew where Annie's parents were, or rather, where they weren't. Annie's small stature immediately began shaking, and pools of tears began to form in her eyes. "They're gone." was all she said. Maysilee reached out to the child. She was here alone on the streets, she was alone and lonely, and she guessed that she had no other relatives to take her in either. She reached out and took Annie's small hands into her own and asked "Annie, can I ask you to trust me?" Annie blinked for a few minutes, seeming stunned. "But, mommy and daddy always told me not to speak with strangers..." " I know sweetie, but I promise you that I'm not here to hurt you. I just want to help." Maysilee promised the small child in front of her, hoping Annie would allow her to help. Young, small Annie seemed to think on the offer. And, as her young heart allowed her, she decided to trust this woman. "Okay." she looked over at Maysilee and gave her a small nod and tried her best to muster a smile. Maysilee held her hand out to the little girl in front of her, and slowly Annie reached out to clasp her small hand with hers. "Hold on to me now. I wouldn't want you to get lost on the way." She said with a smile. " Okay, Miss .lee?" said Annie. She looked up at Maysilee, apologizing silently for not being able to immediately properly pronounce her name. Said lady just smiled at the little girl and continued to walk along the town. Soon enough, the two of them reached a two story house. As they reached the front doors, Maysilee felt Annie hesitate and halt her steps. " Something wrong sweetie?" asked Maysilee. Little Annie scrunched up her nose as he looked over the house. "Do you live here?" she asked. " Yes, I do. I brought you here, hoping that maybe you would want to live with me?" asked Maysilee. She watched as the little girl's eyes widened with surprise. "I know that this may be a surprise to you Annie, but you don't have to worry. No one is going to hurt you here." Annie looked up at the woman and asked "But why? Why help me?" she asked in a small voice. Maysilee simply offered a sad smile. "I know that you may not have a home to go back to Annie, and I'd like to offer you one. That's all I'd like. I wouldn't want you to go back on the streets dear. And there are other kids inside just like you, and I also have a niece that's younger than you, but she's a sweet girl." Annie digested this information and asked again "Do you take many kids with you? Do you give them all a home?" " What a curious child you are." Maysilee said with a small chuckle. "Unfortunately no. I can't rescue every child I see on the streets. But I try. There are currently four little girls inside, and I'm sure they would love to meet you." " You really want me to come stay with you?" asked Annie quietly. Maysilee just found the little girl absolutely adorable. " Of course!" she said with confidence. "And one day, when you're old enough to leave, then I would let you. But for the meantime, I'd like to give you a home and a place where you can come back to. So, would you like to stay here with me Annie?" Annie started to tear up. She was being given a chance. "Y-yes please." And with that, Annie had come to live with the lady known as Maysilee Donner. She came into the house and was immediately acquainted with the other children. The Everdeen sisters: Katniss and Primrose, a little brunette girl named Clove, and Maysilee's niece Madge Undersee. Annie had taken some time to adjust around the house and still remained rather shy and reserved but had opened up to the people around her, and eventually she learned that these children too had lost their parents through some series of unfortunate events. ~4 years from prior from current events~ Now, Annie was at a rough age of 16, and happy with her life. She began to learn little tricks and trades of her own. With the economic downfall that happened nine years ago, the town had decided to utilize their surroundings. The town wasn't far off from the seashore thus fishing soon became a thriving industry. Thus, Annie decided to help Maysilee by making nets for the local fishermen. This helped in earning them a little income at a time. Katniss had decided to help with hunting, along with Clove. And Primrose, or Prim, had wanted to immerse herself in medicine and animal care. And lastly, Madge helped out around the house and ran errands for her aunt. For that moment, everything was perfect. But, it seemed life was against the lasting peace. One night... Annie was walking back home, she just finished exchanging her nets at the port by the seaside. She smiled to herself as she continued to walk towards home. As she turned the corner heading to the next street, someone grabbed her neck and she felt an immediate sensation of pain after a blunt object struck her head, and she passed out. Annie felt herself moving, and heard the waves crashing around her. One thing she could have ascertained herself of, she was on a boat. " She'd be worth a high price. A beauty like that." was the first thing she heard when she began to regain consciousness. " Looks like she's wakin' up aye?" she felt someone pull her up by the binds she was in, and was tugged forward. What she saw were two strange men,both large and full of scars. Immediately her blood ran cold. Where were these men taking her? " What are you going to do with me?" she asked, he voice shaking. " Seems like we made a smart catch. She looks mighty innocent, the boss'd pay a high price for someone like her." said one. Annie didn't know what the man had meant at the time, but it didn't take long for her to put two and two together to find out. These men were slave traders, they sold children and teens to any buyer that would pay the price, and she was today's unlucky catch. Annie thought she knew what fear was. Having lost her family at an early age, she had lived through that fear. But it was when the boat docked, as she looked over the bigger town she was in, and met her new "master" that a new chilling kind of fear coursed through her. In the form of a man named Coriolanus Snow. ~A Week to prior events~ Annie had woken up from the floor that night. Her whole body ached, and she was sure that she could still taste the blood in her mouth. At 19, a few months away from turning 20, she had been nothing but miserable these past years. She had seemed to have lost all hope, and was simply functioning, not living. Her life had been dedicated to serving Snow and his family, the twisted and vile human beings that they were. It didn't take long for Annie to slowly succumb to loosing her sanity.