A/N- Okay, here's the deal. Just to let you all know that this story is not written from the book but from the movie script. And I know some of you will roll your eyes at this but this story was written as a favour for a friend so there will be romance between Cálena and Legolas - everyone knows it will happen. Again- story comes from movie script so I appreciate reviews but please don't get all worked up if there are any (and there will probably be many) inaccuracies. I'm sorry, but just take it as a stupid, unimportant story. Cheers! The Fellowship of the Rings Chronicle 1 Nienna was woken by the sounds of the birds outside. She sat up, ran her fingers through her hair and stretched. Pulling her long brown hair into a messy bun, she slid out of bed and walked out onto the balcony. The balcony was long, stretching across to the door's of another room; it connecting her room to her little sister's. She and Tarí used it when they were young, to run in and out of each others room. Now they used it to talk privately. Nienna looked out upon her father's kingdom, Ered Luin. It sat at the base of the Blue Mountains, and was why it was named so. She knew that soon all of it could be hers- very, very soon. "Good morning," Tarí walked out of her room and sat down at the breakfast table, "I didn't know you were up." Nienna sat down in front of her and pulled a piece of toasted lambas bread over. "What's wrong?" Tarí asked. "Hmm? Oh, nothing." Nienna looked her sister straight in the eyes and lied. In truth, she felt as if the whole of Middle Earth was upon her slim shoulders. The 2,987 year old elf maiden had been made to grow up very quickly and to take on the responsibilities of looking after a kingdom. "I was thinking we could go to the lake with Finrod, Lúthien and Lomondúil today." Tarí's voice pulled Nienna out of her thoughts. "No, you go to the lake. I'm going to stay here. I want to see father." Nienna finished her breakfast and stood up. "I can come too if you like." Tarí offered. "No, it's fine. I'll see to him- you go have fun." Nienna turned and walked into her room. "Oh, okay." Tarí muttered. Nienna sat at her mirror and brushed her hair out. She put her hand on her table to lift her ribbon and found only air. She searched her room and found it under the table. As, she reached to get it, her hand felt something else. She pulled her ribbon out and reached again to get the other object. She sat down and looked at it. It was the necklace she thought she had lost years ago. It was given to her by her mother, Uruviel, on her deathbed. Nienna closed her eyes and she could still hear her mother's gentle voice, though it seemed far away. 'Take care of your sister and your father. You have to be the brave one, and comfort them when I go. Make sure your sister studies and always does her chores. Help your father with anything you can and make sure he takes care of himself…' Nienna put the necklace on and, looking at herself in the mirror, whispered, "I tried Mamma, I really did! But I couldn't help him; I didn't make sure he took care of himself. I didn't do it right… I'm sorry…" She wiped away the teardrop that threatened to roll down her cheek and lifted her brush. She pulled her hair into a neat bun and straightened her dress before leaving the room. "Thank you." Nienna smiled faintly at the guards who let her passed into the corridor. Halfway down, she met Eámane, the nurse who had been caring for her father, "How is he?" "He became delirious during the night. I have called for the Isilwen to see him today. He should be here soon." Eámane placed her hand on Nienna's shoulder, "He tired himself out, but I don't know how long he'll stay calm for." Nienna cautiously opened the door into the bedroom, "Daddy?" She walked slowly over and looked at the pale, withered man who had once been her father, "Daddy?" King Nátulcien looked up at his daughter, "Nienna?" "Hello Daddy." Nienna sat beside the bed, "How do you feel this morning?" "How do I ever feel? Frustrated and bored. I want to get out of this bed." "I know Daddy, but soon you'll be better and you will be able to get up." She took his hand. "And how is your sister?" he asked. "She's fine. I sent her down to the lake with some friends. I don't think she would…be content in being here. You yourself said it was boring." They sat talking until the conversation dried up. Nienna looked at her father and her heart was filled with pity. What had once been a strong, athletic, healthy King was now a sickly, weak elf. Nátulcien stared out the window, longing to be out in the open air. She stood up and started to fluff his pillows, "Come Daddy, you need your rest." Nátulcien pushed her away, "Stop fussing over me Uruviel. You always do this. It is very irritating." Nienna tried to cut, "Daddy, Daddy…" "Uruviel, stop talking over me… it's most annoying." "Daddy, I'm not mother… I'm not Uruviel." "You're not Uruviel? What?" Nátulcien turned to look at her, "Then who the hell are you? Guards! Guards!" Nátulcien started to yell at Cálena, who backed away in fright- she had never seen him like this. Two guards burst into the room and looked at her. By this time Nátulcien had begun to talk to himself. Eámane ran in and tried to calm him down, which made him even wilder. "He's delirious. Help me." The guards rushed over and, as they forced him back onto the bed, Eámane made him drink a calming potion. His wild rambling soon became little more than whimpering. Eámane took Nienna by the arm and led her out of the room, "I'm sorry you had to see that. I warned you about him." "He didn't even know who I was. He thought I was Mamma," Nienna wiped away the tears from her face, "He's not going to last much longer, is he?" "I don't know," Eámane put her arms around Nienna's shoulders, "We'll just have to see what the Isilwen says." An hour later, the Isilwen came and examined Nátulcien. He spoke quietly to Nienna and Eámane in the corner, "The delirious fits will pass in a day or two. You need to give him more vitamin herbs- three times daily." Nienna looked directly in his eyes, "Is he going to live?" The Isilwen looked into her bright blue, imploring eyes and took her hand, "He will not survive this illness, of that I am sure. But it is too hard to say how much longer he will be in this world." Nienna pulled her hand from his grasp and looked away. "Thank you for coming." Eámane shook his hand and let him out. "Nienna?" Eámane turned back and placed her hand on the young elf's shoulder. Nienna turned and looked at her, tears pouring down her face. "I'm losing him," she cried, "I'm losing him, just like I lost Mamma. Why? Why have the spirits decided to take away both my parents? Why is life so cruel?" Eámane held Nienna close with no answers, only comfort to give, "Hush child." Eámane took her down to the kitchens and gave her a glass of water. "Nienna, look at me." Eámane took her hands, "Look at me. I was there when your mother died, I heard what she said. You must be the brave one. Your sister is hardly 2,500 years old. You must be strong for her." "How am I supposed to tell her?" Nienna asked, "How am I supposed to tell her that our father is dying? She took it so badly when she found out Mamma was dying, how do you think she is going to react to this?" "We don't tell her that the King is dying. We tell her we don't know anything for sure, because we don't." "I've known this for a long time. I've felt it in my heart. My father will die, and I think soon. I don't want him to die!" Nienna burst into sobs again. "Hush child. You need some rest; you're exhausted." Eámane pulled Nienna up. "But it's early yet." Nienna replied. "Child, it is close to the midnight hour. Come; to bed." Nienna awoke the next morning and soberly washed and dressed. She and her sister ate breakfast slowly and quietly. Nienna watched her sister, knowing that she was unaware of her father's fits. How would she tell? When could she tell her? Would she have to wait until just hours before his death? Could she even tell her then? Would she have to wait until he had died? All these questions spun round in her head, until Tarí broke in, "Is Daddy going to die?" "What?" Nienna looked up, startled. "I heard one of the maids saying last night that he was very sick and had taken another fit. Is he going to die?" Tarí asked. "We don't know anything for sure yet." Nienna continued with her breakfast. "But you would tell me if you did, wouldn't you?" Nienna reached over, took her sister's hand, looked into her eyes and lied for the second time in as many days, "You would be the first to know." Tarí smiled gratefully, "Okay." Nienna stood, "I have to go into the village today. Do you want to go with me?" "Yes. Just wait until I get my cloak." Tarí ran into her room. Nienna walked into her own room and took out her green cloak. She tied it on and pulled the necklace out over it. "Coming?" Tarí stood behind her. "Yes." Nienna looked at the necklace one last time and walked out. "Nienna!" Nienna turned to see the village Baker waving at her from his shop door. She smiled and crossed over to see him, "Good Morning, Morwen." She kissed him on the cheek and followed him into the shop. He put water on to boil and took out some fresh buns. This was a normal Saturday occurrence, although since her father's deterioration Nienna had not had time. Morwen was an old friend of her father's and like an uncle to Nienna. Since she was 1500 years old Nienna had been visiting Morwen in his Bakery every Saturday. "How is your father?" Morwen sat down and poured some herb tea for her. Nienna looked down, "He is very ill. There is no cure for what he has. We are not even sure what he has." She took a long drink of the tea and felt all her burdens lift. "Well, he's a strong elf. He'll live through this." Morwen tried to comfort her. "I'm not so sure. The Isilwen isn't sure if he will." "I don't trust that Isilwen," Morwen looked out the window, "There is something about him I don't like." "I know, but he's the best and my father needs the best." Morwen laughed, "You sound very like your mother. That's something she would say." He looked at her as though seeing her in a new light, "In fact you look more and more like her every day. You are as beautiful as she was." Nienna studied his face as he sighed and looked out the window again. "You loved her, didn't you?" she said softly. He sighed again, "We both loved her- your father and I." "Was it because he gave her the better life- the life of a queen?" she asked. Morwen turned and looked directly into