... Another AU. (I don't own HP obviously) Long first chapter, BUTTTTT there will be chapters from other character angles, and of course different parts of St Mungo's later on Tonks had always been an imaginative person. She had imagined a lot in the last year. When she got married, she imagined how she could grow old with Remus, that they could have decades together, with children and grandchildren. When she found out she was pregnant, she imagined what their child could be like, how they'd behave and how they'd look. She had even imagined her and Remus returning home together after the battle. Perhaps a little bruised and tired, but alive. Together . What she hadn't imagined was waking up alone- practically naked - on a hospital bed in St Mungo's with unfamiliar Healers yelling at her and touching her, prodding at her body, their wands flashing in her face as they talked to each other as loudly as they spoke to her. The hospital seemed deafening. Even though she couldn't see anything but the Healers and the curtains surrounding her bed, she could hear what she could only imagine to be thousands of terrified and angry voices. Between the sound and the pain and the Healers handling her roughly, she was terrified. Last thing she remembered was dueling Bellatrix, and now she was laying on a stiff hospital bed with no information about how she got there or what had happened at Hogwarts. And despite being a trained Auror, it all seemed to catch up at once, and she felt her eyes fill with tears. "I'm Healer Maeve O'Malley. Can you hear me?" A blonde Healer demanded, leaning over her. Tonks nodded slowly, pain shooting through her entire body at the slight movement and Healer O'Malley gave a quick nod. "Do you know your name? Do you know where you are?" She demanded, pulling Tonks' eyelids up and flashing the tip of her wand. The other three Healers backed off to give Healer O'Malley more space. Two of them left their curtained section completely, saying something about the next patient, but one stayed and grabbed a file and a quill. "Do you know your name?" Healer O'Malley asked again. "Lupin, Nymphadora Lupin." Tonks managed, even though she felt like she had swallowed a mouthful of ash and had a dragon sitting on her chest. "And do you know where you are today, Nymphadora?" Healer O'Malley asked, as the other Healer started writing. "St Mungo's?" "Good, and do you know why you're here?" She asked. "What do you remember?" "I was at Hogwarts." "Good, and what were you doing there?" "There was a battle." Tonks said slowly. "My husband-" Healer O'Malley shook her head. "We'll deal with contacting your family members later, visitors won't be allowed for a while, it's far too hectic-" "No, he was there, he was fighting-" Tonks began. "We need to heal you, we'll check for him later, it's not my priority. You're my only patient, so my priority is you, and you alone." Healer O'Malley said, and that seemed odd to Tonks, considering how loud the hospital seemed to be elsewhere. "Please, we have a baby." Tonks said, tears threatening to spill. "I need to know if he's alive-" Healer O'Malley nodded slowly. "I know you do, Nymphadora. I noticed early in the examination that your body is postpartum." Healer O'Malley said gently. "But I need to heal you. Let me take care of you, and then I promise. I promise , I will find out about your husband." Strangely, despite the fact she had no idea if Remus was alive or if the battle had gone in their favour, she suddenly felt relaxed, staring up into Healer O'Malley's dark eyes. She nodded after a moment, and Healer O'Malley reached down, adjusting the bed so the bed was no longer completely flat. Healer O'Malley walked over to a small table and grabbed a thin, papery gown. "Go give Head Healer Andrews her name for the list of survivors, ask about any other Lupins and then come right back . Got it, Healer Ryder?" She asked the young dark haired man who had been scribbling on a file. Healer Ryder nodded quickly, handing her the file and leaving. "I need to ask some basic questions, Nymphadora." Healer O'Malley said, tucking the file and quill under her arm and unfolding the hospital gown, helping Tonks sit up so she could help her put her arms into the sleeves. Healer O'Malley reached behind her, tying the back and helping Tonks lay back down and then draped a thin blanket over her legs as well. "Well, at least you're covered now, right? I know how it is- you wake up in a strange room in nothing but your undergarments, embarrassing, right?" "It's happened before." Tonks replied, and Healer O'Malley smiled softly. "Put yourself in these situations often, do you?" "I'm- I was an Auror." "Ah." Healer O'Malley said, grabbing the file and quill and writing. "Yes, Aurors have often found themselves in this position before. Quite often. Birth date?" "March 13, 1973." "Just turned twenty five, then. My youngest is twenty five." Healer O'Malley said. "Is Lupin your married name?" "Yes, my maiden name is Tonks." Healer O'Malley nodded. "Allergic to any potions?" Tonks shook her head. "Any chronic health issues, pre-existing conditions?" Healer O'Malley asked, and Tonks shook her head. "And for my own curiosity- how old is your baby?" "Almost a month, he was born April 7th." "Complications?" "None." "Lucky girl." Healer O'Malley commented. "First child?" She nodded. Healer O'Malley smiled. "I don't generally ask a woman about her appearance. However, it could be a curse. Your hair was black when the Healers were at Hogwarts with you, it turned brown right after you got here. Is that-" "I'm a Metamorphmagus, it's normal. It's brown when my morph drops completely." "Good, I truly hate trying to heal those terrible Transfiguration curses." Healer O'Malley said, and then she sat on the edge of the bed. "I need you to think, very hard, for a moment. What curses hit you?" "I don't remember, exactly. I know I was Crucioed-" "You were Crucioed." Healer O'Malley repeated, writing it down. "Can you remember anything else?" Tonks shook her head. "Okay, are you feeling any pain?" "A lot, yes." "Can you tell me where?" "Well, it's a little- kind of everywhere? My legs the most, my right wrist and left shoulder as well, my chest-" "Are you right handed?" Healer O'Malley asked, taking her right hand and examining her wrist gently. "Yes." "I'd say it's from dueling, possibly a sprain. I didn't see any bruises on your legs during our examination, so I would imagine that could be a simple case of sore muscles. There was bruising on your shoulder, it's possible that's from a curse or a break we healed. And your chest is probably hurting because every single one of your ribs was either broken or fractured, you were found under some debris from what I've heard. I've healed any broken bones you had, and once we treat any possible curses, I can probably give you another pain potion." She said. "However, because you don't remember what curses hit you, we can't know for sure that the shoulder or wrist are basic injuries, so we need-" "You need to treat the most basic dark curses." Tonks said. "You know the routine well." Healer O'Malley said as the curtain shifted and Healer Ryder appeared. "It's getting worse out there, apparently there were some attacks from escaping Death Eaters and now families of the Hogwarts students are showing up- it's absolute chaos out there." Healer Ryder said. "Still seventy dead, hundreds of survivors. No Lupin on either list." "That's a good thing." Healer O'Malley said as Tonks felt panic grip her. "Either that means he simply walked out of Hogwarts on his own, uninjured- in which case, he might be among the family members out there trying to find their loved ones. Or he's being treated by a Healer, but he's definitely still alive- the death list has been at seventy for three hours." "What happened at Hogwarts?" "I don't know for sure." Healer O'Malley said, standing and handing the file back to Healer Ryder. "I wasn't on the scene, we had Healers go to collect the most injured and bring them here. It was too chaotic for them to ask for identities, so we might also be working to save the lives of Death Eaters right now, which is horrible and I personally would let them die- but Healers are supposed to treat everyone fairly." "I meant with the battle. Who won? How did it end?" "I've heard a lot of conflicting stories." Healer O'Malley said patiently. "However, they all have the same ending- Harry Potter killed You-Know-Who." Tonks felt like every breath had left her body. It was over? It was actually over? Healer O'Malley spoke quietly to Healer Ryder for a moment, who left again. "He's gone to get some of the potions we need- I hope St Mungo's has enough for the amount of people here." She explained to Tonks. "Have you had to go through this before? Being treated for the most basic and most common dark curses?" "Yes." "Good, then you know it is complete Hell." Healer O'Malley said, walking over to the small table again and grabbing some small towels. She used her wand to dampen them, cleaning Tonks' face and arms gently. "We'll do better later, but for now, at least that's some of the blood and dirt." "Did your youngest go to Hogwarts?" Tonks asked, studying her face, wondering if she had known this woman's child. Healer O'Malley shook her head, as she moved her wand over Tonks' chest, examining her again. "No, they all went to Ilvermorny." She explained. "Do you really want to hear about a boring Healer's family?" "Aren't patients supposed to keep themselves alert, and isn't talking the best way?" "You really do know the routine." Healer O'Malley said, with a slight smile. "I have four children, all boys, the oldest is thirty two. We lived here in London until my oldest son was nine, and then I switched hospitals and began working in America. I came back nine years ago, and my three oldest sons followed- because they had finished school- and my youngest son simply decided to stay there with his father and become a Healer there." "Your husband's a Healer too?" "Ex-husband, but yes." She said, her hands gently prodding Tonks' ribs. Tonks supposed that now that she was awake and not dying, Healer O'Malley could be slower and a little more gentle with her exam. "He's the Head Healer there, and my youngest- Keiran- is training to become a Healer there." "And the others?" "Traveling mostly, my oldest just got married in Russia four years ago, they have a one year old daughter." Healer O'Malley said. "Now, Nymphadora, tell me about your son." "He doesn't cry much, and I thought that was strange at first, because babies cry, right?" Tonks began. "He's- he's like me." "A Metamorphmagus?" "Yes." She said. "But he looks like his father when he hasn't got blue or green hair, but most of the time his hair seems to be multiple colours." "What's his name?" "Edward, but we call him Teddy. We named him after my father." "Very lovely name." Healer O'Malley said, now examining Tonks' shoulder. "Tell me about your husband?" "He's brilliant." She said, smiling. "Handsome and kind, and really smart-" "You haven't been married long." "Under a year." "The best year, or so I've heard." Healer O'Malley said. "How did you meet him?" "We both joined the Order of the Phoenix.'' "Ah, right, I heard about that. Caused a lot of chaos a couple years back when the Ministry found out it had been reformed. We were told to report any injuries of known or suspected members