Summary: "Lómëlen they named her: dusk star, lonely star. She hated the songs; she hated hearing her pain sung for all to hear... but most of all she hated to remember what she had lost, that's why she travels, why she is here" Will take place before , during and after the War of the Ring. I am posting this now, despite my original plans, so that I can get a bit of feedback for this story so I can improve it. Any help, ANY, is fantastic. This includes anything you liked, any ideas it brings to you, any suggestions, any criticisms - I really don't mind. You could say this story is in BETA. Because of that the updates may be a little slow (I orinally placed a large capitalised underlined warning here about it being a slow update story but I seem to have gone back on my words - thus I deleted it) Also, for the readers of Black, White and Grey: Yes, Aríanna is very similar physically to Lara. What can I say, I never thought I would actually post this story and I happen to like silver hair. I don't own, believe it or not. Massive credit goes to J. R. R. Tolkien and the many fantastic people who worked with Peter Jackson. I will work from Book verse as well as Movie verse. I will use scripting from the book or film on occasion and I also have taken inspiration, characters, script, and plot from the fan made film ' Born of Hope ' (which is fantastic). This chapter may seem to start slowly. Chapter One Lómëlen, Lómëlen hear her voices on the glen Silken hair of star lit wind, Silver eyes of noble kin Pale feet on dusken land, with blade of fire in her hand Lómëlen, Lómëlen singing lone sweet Lómëlen Aríanna - Present I was tracking a host of orcs when I heard the great horn blowing. It was a unique sound and I knew it from a memory long past, though I could not remember in what context. I jumped to my feet from where I had been studying the tracks and raced with what elvish speed was given to me. I jumped over many fallen trees and twisted down many paths. I heard the clash of armour and metal and the harsh calls of the orcs. I had not realised they were so close. The horn sounded again and I picked up my speed, unleashing Nórui ( *fiery ) as I did. The eager blade flew out and it glinted in the sun, reflecting all the fire of its making. The screams of orcs grew louder and then, turning a sharp corner, I saw the host before me. However, they were no normal band of creatures, these were the tough kind that Saruman had been brewing, and I had heard only whispers of this new breed. I'd had suspicions, from the tracks they left, but that they were expected was no balm to my heart as I saw the horde. They were large and more proportioned like men and the scrawniness that many orcs habited had been replaced with wide brutal muscles beneath their leathery skin. In my younger years they would have shot fear to my heart but now I didn't allow such distractions. I did not stop to think of course. I ran into the clearing but even as I did I saw that the group had began to sprint off into the forest. Just one Ura'kai was left, standing proudly in the centre of the clearing. Before him, leaning helpless against a tree was a man. My elven eyes noted the black fletches of arrows protruding from his chest and a part of my mind told me that nothing now could save him from his fast approaching doom. Around this sight many bodies of Ura'kai lay slain upon the floor. The Ura'kai was raising a cross bow, a brutal contraption that would break bones and the hardest armour. The machine was raised and pointing at the man's face. I wasn't going to get there in time, was my desperate thought. I screamed as I continue to sprint to the beast and I saw it pause briefly. But I was not the first to reach it. Ahead of me sprang another man, dressed in dark browns and wielding a gleaming blade. He too yelled his anger as he engaged the Ura'kai. A battle ensued and the man and I fought viciously alongside each other. It was a struggle, for this individual seemed to be the hardiest I had encountered, even when one of its arms had been severed it still fought us on both sides. At last its head fell to the floor. The man gave little attention to me as he rushed to the side of his comrade, but I knew he had seen me, just as I'd seen him. It was startling, if not unexpected, to see him here of all places. He was dressed in his ranger garb and his skin and clothes were stained with the glutinous black blood of the orcs. But I would always recognise him. He was the mirror image of his uncle, though Arathorn's signature was there too. Aragorn was crouching next to the paled, fair-haired man speaking softly with him. I walked away, hoping to give them a little privacy at least. I busied myself with wiping the blood from Nórui. I could still hear every word, my elf ears being keen as they ever were, but I paid them no mind. Or at least I tried not to. "I tried to take the ring from Frodo, I have failed you" I had heard news of the one ring on my visit to Rivendell and it surprised me that it was so close. It was not comforting either to know how close it had come to the enemy hands. I frowned though in confusion, wasn't Gandalf meant to be with the company of the ring? "Hail Boromir, son of Denethor" I head Aragorn say and I gasped. Today was a sad day indeed, if the heir of the steward of Gondor had passed from this world. I had heard of his conquests through the years and knew him to be a valiant man. The steward would mourn deeply for his loss, just as any father. It was now that I recalled the horn I had heard through the trees and to my mind another lord raised the mighty horn to his lips and blew it out over the land, another steward. I bowed my head and sent up a silent prayer as I heard the last breath of Boromir. Upon the hill I sensed a new presence. I turned and looked up. There I saw two figures, as different as two people could be. There stood a tall pale elf, dressed in the semblance of a wood elf, and next to him a stocky dwarf leant against his mighty axe. Neither were looking at me, instead their faces held sorrow for the departed. Aragorn got to his feet and I turned to him. He gave me a rueful smile, grim and cheerless. "Well now, it is a shock to see you here, though I am not sure if I should feel the surprise, considering things" He said in form of greeting. "I only wish I could of come sooner" I replied looking sadly at the once proud man "and I thought as much the same when seeing you." "I think introductions are in order, lassy" The dwarf said, approaching us. "Of course, this is Legolas of the woodland realm and Gimli son of Glóin. Legolas, Gimli this is Aríanna of Rivendell. We can trust her, she's family" Aragon said formally, I nodded as his companions were introduced. I had heard of these two, Legolas the Prince of Mirkwood of course was known to me, though we had never met, and even the name of Gloin was in my memory. "Family eh? Wasn't aware you had such feisty women in your family and elven at that" Gimli said, gruffly. I heard the compliment in his voice and the glint in his eyes and I was puzzled briefly. A dwarf complimenting an elf? My, my, what do we have here? Aragorn smiled slightly. His face was just as worn as I had ever seen it and in my mind's eye I saw that expression implanted on the many faces of his ancestors. I saw his grandfather and my father wearing it; I saw his father and uncle wearing it, those two who had been like brothers from me; I shied away from their memory. Almost all the Dúnedain's acquired that look, gained from the rugged life of the rangers. Years of travel and danger had given them this look and yet they were more noble even that the proud Gondorians in all their shiny plates. "You look more like Arnor each time I see you brother-son" He chuckled and but looked at me with a little too much understanding in those grey eyes of his. I saw Legolas start at hearing our family relationship. What followed seemed to rush by me. We sent Boromir down the river to his city, the spears of the Ura'kai he'd slain beneath him. I watched with the others as the elegant boat of Lothlórien fell over the edge of the fall, its path laid out before it. I was deliberating my own path now. Should I follow this trio? The man, elf and dwarf? They were my kin, or at least two of them were. Aragorn my hanarion ( Brother-son ) and the elf, Legolas of the woodland realm, from my mother's birthing place. That to me seemed like where my heart and duty wished to lead me. I had been on my way to Lothlorien, to seek comfort there after my long journeys. These three were diving back into danger… "Quick! Frodo and Sam have reached the eastern shore!" Legolas said running to the river where the remaining Lorien boats were harboured. I looked over the crashing water and saw two small figures disappear into the foliage. I recognised them as Perian and wondered at the day we had come to in which the little people were seen in the wild so far from their tidy homes. I looked to my cousin as the Prince did and saw the same steely jaw and resignation in his grey eyes. "You mean not to follow them...?" "Frodo's fate is no longer in our hands." I turned again to watch the two Hobbits and my inner eyes drew up a long winding path before them, dark, dangerous and gruelling. "Then it was all in vain, the fellowship has failed" the dwarf said with a heavy sigh and Aragorn walked to him and placed a hand over his shoulder. "Not if we hold true to each other." He said bracingly "We will not abandon Merry and Pippin to torment and death, not while we have strength left." Aragorn looked to me, questioning, and I sighed. "I shall come, my heart tell me that is where my path lies" I said and I saw a fleeting smile on his face, reminiscent of his young days when he would grin learning I would be traveling with him and the Dúnedain. "Then let's hunt some orc" He said determinedly. The dwarf cheered and with that we rushed out of the small clearing and into the trees. Aríanna is 6 I was sitting on the hill that overlooked the path into Rivendell. The grass was lush and green and amongst the blades small purple flowers bloomed. I had picked one and was twirling it between my fingers. Next to me two boys were fighting. The brothers were tossing and twisting, though I had forgotten the reason. They were just silly boys; if they fell off the hill then it would be