A. N. : This is my take on a Pertemis story, although as the summary said, the ships are to be defined yet, so it might end up not being one. Please do comment on the pairings you would like to see. It has no Chaos, assassins, Percy with absurd powers or Annabeth being an awful human being and/or dead. It does have an awful lot of OCs and it might have some OOC Artemis and/or Thalia, so I would like to apologize in advance for that. Disclaimer: Percy Jackson belongs to Rick Riordan. And I'm deeply sorry for the situation these characters will be put in in this fanfic. On that note, this fanfic's later chapters might end up not being Safe for Work, Sanity and/or Life due to sexual situations and/or graphical violence, so read at your own peril. This is a work of fiction and any similarities to real events is pure and simple coincidence. Hopefully. The huntresses of Artemis were camping in a north-american forest. Their sturdy tents were set in a clearing nearby a clean spring. It was the beginning of winter and the sky was cloudy. Soon it would start to snow. A few huntresses were posted at the perimeter of the camp, keeping watch while others moved around, talking, playing and conducting their shores. The smell of venison came from one of the larger tents as they prepared dinner. The goddess herself was at the camp, inside the bigger tent. She looked like a young adult in her earlier twenties wearing hiking boots, cargo pants and a tracksuit jacket, all her clothing as silver as her almond eyes. Her long brown hair flowed freely behind her back. In front of her there was a small iron table with a map of the region on it. Across from her stood a man. He was bald and had a burly build, wearing a Kevlar vest over his white dress shirt and brown pants. He was sneering at her, his arms crossed in front of his chest. — I'm not letting you go near any of my huntresses, Inquisitor. — She said, her tone definitive, glaring at him. — This is the Church's business now, goddess. — He replied, scorn showing on the last word. She squinted at him. — She called to us and made the oath. She is my business now, Inquisitor. — She said, letting her disdain for him show on the last word. He groaned and opened his mouth to retort. — Now, now, Hammer. I'm sure we can reach an agreement. — Said a soft, melodious male voice coming from the side of the tent. The owner of the voice was a smiling man. He was fair skinned, his skin impeccable due to several hours of care each day. The most notable aspect about him, however, wasn't his beautiful skin, his soft voice or the elegant way in which he moved, but his hair, colored a bright sky blue, the same color of his eyes. He wore a dark blue dress shirt with a golden blooming rose embroidered over the right side of his chest and the left side of his torso and black pants with golden embroidered vines, leaves and small flowers on the hem. He gently touched the shoulder of the bald man, who looked at him almost disgusted and shrugged his touch off. — Lady Artemis. — He said, turning to her as he walked closer to the table. — I don't believe we have met. I'm Hydran of Thorns. — He smiled to her, taking a deep, exaggerated bow. — No, you aren't. — She said, glaring at him. — Excuse me? — He asked, raising his head slightly, a playful smile on his lips. — No one has a name like that. — She said, shifting her weight from one foot to another, uneasy with the situation. The blue haired man laughed, his laughter as melodious as his voice. — Fair enough. It is true that it isn't my birth name, but it is the one I chose for myself, so I believe it to be my true name. Am I wrong, my lady? — He asked, still bowing. She groaned, looking away from his innocent smile. — No, you aren't. — She answered with a heavy sigh. He grinned and finally straightened himself from the bow. — So, with the introduction out of the way, let's discuss business, shall we? — The goddess frowned at these words, glaring at him. — People and especially my huntresses aren't business to be discussed, mortal. — She said, her tone harsh. Hydran raised his hands in surrender, his grin turning into a sheepish smile. — Sorry, miss Artemis, it was just a figure of speech. I meant no offence to your or your huntresses. — Her glare didn't get any friendlier, but she relaxed almost imperceptibly at his words. — We just need to talk to your new protégé, is all. — He continued after a few seconds of silence. — I already told you, I'm not giving her or anyone to the Church. — She said, her glare turning to the bald man. — I remember Salem. — She added, in an accusatory tone so intensive that the man took one step back involuntarily. — I believe we all remember, and regret, that dreadful business in Salem, my lady. — Hydran said after clearing his throat to get her attention. — Even those of us who weren't there. — He added. The goddess felt a small pang of shame hit her at his words. It was true that she had been weary and angry at the Church since she had heard of what happened at Salem, but that man probably had no fault in it. Probably. She sighed. — I'm still not letting you take one of my huntresses. — Her tone got a smidge softer. It was still harsh and accusatory, but without edge. — Or anyone, for that matter. — She added as an after thought. Hydran gasped, his eyes widening. He covered his chest with his hands in an exaggerated gesture of surprise and indignation. — Take her? Heavens, no! No, no, no! — He said, shaking his head vehemently. — We just want to talk to her, is all! — He explained, smiling sheepishly to her. She didn't seem fazed at all by his display of indignation. The goddess closed her eyes, thinking for a few seconds. — So you just want to talk to her? — She asked the blue haired man, opening her piercing silver eyes, looking directly into his eyes. He nodded. The goddess sighed. — Very well. I will let you talk to her, but under my supervision. And he doesn't get any closer than ten feet from her or any of my huntresses. If either of you try something stupid, I'm killing both of you myself. — She said, her tone definitive. The blue haired man grinned. — Sounds like a plan! — Then follow me. — Artemis said, turning around and walking out of the tent. Hydran turned to face the Inquisitor. — Told you I'd find an agreement, Hammerhead! — The bald man groaned. — And I told you to not call me that, warlock. — He replied, walking past the blue haired man. There was a commotion in the camp as the goddess exited the tent followed by the two men, the huntresses coming from all sides to surround them, weapons drawn. The teenagers were uneasy, but one gesture from Artemis made them lower their weapons. They walked until they reached the line of trees farther away from the camp, where a huntress stood alone. She looked to be in her mid teens and was dressed in the usual silver outfit of the huntresses. The hood of her track suit covered her hair, but a few locks of her short red hair were still visible, covering her eyes. The light of the sun shined on her necklace, a silver pendant with a strange yellow image that looked like an inverted, curly "Y". She gently wiped the hair away from her green eyes, not noticing their approach. She was sitting by a small fire, warming her hands. The goddess cleared her throat from behind and the huntress jumped to her feet, turning around and saluting, her bow fell to the ground in the midst of the movement and she winced, closing her eyes. — You don't need to salute each time you see me, Heather. — The goddess said, a gentle smile on her lips as she approached the nervous girl, kneeling besides her. — Sorry, ma'am! I'm… not used to this… — The girl said, slowly opening her eyes. The proximity to the goddess making her even more nervous. She looked from Artemis to the two strangers who stood farther away. The bald man scowled at her, his face as harsh as the snowstorm that approached fast. The blue haired man smiled and waved at her. She looked back at the goddess, a mute question in her eyes. The goddess smiled reassuringly to her and the girl, who was starting to get cold despite the small fire behind her, felt a different kind of warmth filling her body completely, her cheeks flushing with sudden heat. — Heather, these men want to ask you a few questions… — The goddess whispered to her in a gentle, soothing tone, looking directly into her eyes. — Are you alright with that? Heather didn't answer. She was mesmerized by the goddess eyes, fascinated with the way they shined like the moon in a clear sky, how those eyes seemed to pierce her, seeing straight to her soul, how the contrast of the silver on the white was beautiful and the fascinating way that they curved slightly upwards at the upper corner, giving the goddess an almost faerie look. She blinked, breaking out of her trance and realizing she had just been asked a question. Flushing with embarrassment, she tried to remember what exactly said question was. — Sure! — She answered as she remembered, stammering a little, her voice going up a pitch. The goddess smiled reassuringly at her and at that moment Heather was sure that she would do anything that the goddess asked, no matter what. Artemis got up and went over to the two men, nodding her permission to Hydran. — Hurt her and I'll make sure that your death is slow and painful. — She said to him as he walked closer to the girl. Heather looked at the approaching man, suddenly weary. She picked up her bow and wrapped her fingers around the silver wood nervously. — Hello, miss Heather. I'm Hydran of Thorns. A pleasure to meet you. — He said, bowing exaggeratedly to her. She glared at him, uneasy. — How do you know my name? — She asked hesitantly. His smile grew. — That is not important right now. What is important is that you answer a question that I have for you, my dear. — He said and looked at Artemis for permission. The goddess looked at her, concerned. — You don't have to answer if you don't want to, Heather. — She said, making Heather's heart flutter in her chest. Lady Artemis was concerned with her well being! That notion by itself was enough to give her the courage she needed. She gulped and nodded to the goddess, who in turn nodded to Hydran. The man smiled and turned back to the huntress. — So, Heather, please tell me… What happened to Eli Blackwood? — The man's smile had disappeared and his tone had gotten slightly more serious. Heather's face went white, and she took a step back, feeling just like a recently closed wound had reopened. Eli Blackwood was the name of her brother. They had been happy, living with her mother on their apartment until a week