Hello fellow Scorbus fans! What you see here is technically the prequel to my already existing story: Advantage of Alone Time. Now, this fanfic is going to go through all of Scorpius and Albus' years together in Hogwarts, and so this is technically the prologue. After this story I will have much more Scorpius and Albus stories to come, mostly because I have already written them way before ' The Cursed Child', and because of that script, it's made me love these two even more. A while back I have written ' What the Future Holds', and it was a Drarry/Scorbus story way before the release of this new addition to the Harry Potter franchise. So if you didn't like the newest instalment and like to pretend it's not canon (which I don't blame you), you could go on and read that one instead. So there are definitely certain elements from that fanfic that I will use for this one like for characteristics and scenes. Unlike that fanfic however, this story has hints of Drarry, but they won't be the focus. I want you-the readers to decide for yourselves whether Draco and Harry get together at the end of this story, or Harry and Ginny stay together... Because I care ;) One last thing, I always had a head-canon that Albus loves creatures and aanimals, and so I'm sticking to it. Enjoy! Chapter 2 will be on its way by the end of this week! I won't leave you guys hanging! Bumpy, white, covered with forty-five glowing stars in all; that was the bedroom ceiling of Albus Severus Potter. These details were well known to the eleven-year-old because of that being the only thing his eyes were fixed upon all night until now early morning. However, because of it being early morning, the stars were no longer glowing. His parents knew that he loved stars and astronomy in general ever since he was very young, which was the reason that they were facing down on him from above every night. He was sure going to miss that comforting and beautiful view. The ceiling is what he saw, but what he heard was nothing, at least until about half an hour ago. He rubbed his dark and heavy-weighted eyes before letting out a stretch as he heard different familiar footsteps walking around the house and different voices. The loudest yet smallest footsteps of them all drew closer to his door, and without warning, the door flew open. In emerged Albus' young auburn-haired sister with a wide and perky grin upon her face. "Albus!" she exclaimed. She then ran over to her brother and jumped on his bed, almost landing directly on his feet. "Albus! Wake u-Oh, you're already up," Lily said, giggling. "Yeah," the boy groaned, sitting up with his eyelids half shut. He felt so drained and slow in the head, and the loudness of Lily's voice did not help the situation. "You're so lucky," Lily pouted. "I wish I was going to Hogwarts too." "Wanna switch then?" Albus asked grumpily. Lily giggled again sweetly. "I wish." Oh, how he wished as well. Albus rubbed his soar muscles and arched his back upward. "Well, I wish you luck today," she said kindly. Al finally looked directly at his sister and slightly grinned. "Thanks." Her loudness was not always pleasant to listen to, but her usual upbeat, caring, and positive personality was a welcoming change from both their older brother's negative and sarcastic one. They were both loud-mouths, but in different ways; James' was in the worst way. Smiling, the young girl hopped off the bed and shouted presumably to their mother and father, "He's up now!" This was it ... his first day of Hogwarts: School of Wizardry and Witchcraft. The school of which was practically like home to his famous father; where he had many friends and many accomplishments. The school of which his mother had learned all of her greatest magic spells, and the school of which his elder brother James always goes on and on about from friends, to Quittitch, and to magic. The school was the reason for his lack of sleep for the night that had just passed. Not because he was excited, but because he was anxious. What if he doesn't make any friends unlike James and his father? What if he couldn't master any spells like his mother? What if he doesn't hold up to the Potter name? But most importantly ... what if he is put in Slytherin? The house that most evil wizards and witches have come from? He could stay in this warm and comfortable bed in the dark the whole day if he could, but he couldn't...so he ultimately decided to get himself out of his bed — which was a very difficult task. His bare feet touched the chilly-feeling floor, and he lifted himself up so he could walk over to his door. Once he arrived at the door, he was between a candle-lit hallway and his dark bedroom with only a crack of light peaking its way through his curtains from the rising sun. If it was his decision, he would know in a heartbeat where he would want to go, but it wasn't. So, he gazed up into the ceiling with the illuminated stars one last time and with a disappointed exhale through the nose, he left his room. Eggs, bacon, and toast was all Albus could smell while walking out of his room and strolling down the stairs towards the kitchen. In the kitchen, his father was the one cooking over the stove as usual with two frying pans going on at once with a lift of his wand, while his mother placed the dishes on the table-where his siblings were sitting. "Whoa, Al. Love your new look," the brunette teen complimented playfully. "Shut up," Albus muttered, sitting himself down next to the two empty seats. "James, take it easy on your brother. It's his first day," Harry lectured over the sound of the sizzling bacon and frying of the eggs. Ginny kissed her youngest son on his head and examined his face for a bit; noticing the slight dark circles around his eyes. "Albus, did you get any sleep last night?" she asked, calmly. "Not really," Albus mumbled honestly. The corners of Ginny's lips remained slanted as she placed his plate right in front of him. "Well, at least you will be on a moving train for quite a few hours. You will get to rest there," she said. Harry scooped two pieces of over-easy eggs onto his youngest son's plate and some bacon with a piece of toast from the toaster. He firmly patted his back and said, "It will be great. You'll see." When Harry moved on over to his daughter, Albus only sighed and lightly tapped his fork along the side of the plate; not at all marking his father's words. "Son, it's time to wake up," a tall and darkly-dressed man stated to the young child who shared his exact features. The young blond slightly groaned and opened his steel-blue eyes to look at his father. "Good morning, Scorpius," Draco greeted, grinning. "Your mother just made some breakfast for you before we get to King's Cross. Come." Scorpius obeyed his father and let himself do a much needed yawn and stretch before following him to his closet to pick out a presentable suit and out of his bedroom. He picked himself out a dimmed-green turtleneck and a simple black suit. He marched over to the washroom, and Draco walked on ahead to their kitchen. While in the washroom to change, Scorpius replaced his pajama bottoms with his black pants. Afterwards, he slipped on his simple turtleneck and his dark overcoat to cover and buttoned from bottom to the top. Lastly, he brushed his messy hair so it could be slicked to the side and in the back. Doing all of this, he gazed at himself in the mirror while his eyes began to adjust to the light from the candles. Today was officially going to be the first day of being trained to be a wizard. He was very eager to learn so much magic and be in the castle of Hogwarts itself after all of the stories he had been told and what he read about it, but deep down he was truly frightened. Being the son of a past Death Eater was one thing to destroy a first impression, but being accused of being the son of the former Dark Lord was an entirely different subject. Who will want to be friends with him with those rumours involving the Dark Lord, or facts involving his father being a Death Eater? Draco was sitting at their excessive-long table — reading the Daily Prophet — and then he heard, "Father." He then turned his head. "Does this mean that I will be seeing one of Harry Potter's kids?" Scorpius questioned, curious with a child-like innocence. "Yes. You will," Draco confirmed, not really showing a specific emotion while saying that. Scorpius' anxiety then overcame with joy from that statement. He quickly strolled on over to the table that his father was sitting at and opened a book containing the History of Hogwarts. He had already read through each page over the past few months, but he still didn't get tired of it. "My, don't you look handsome," Astoria complimented, setting his bowl of oatmeal directly in front of him and kissing him on the lobe. "Thank you, mum," Scorpius thanked, looking up at his mother briefly but then gluing his eyes back on one of the pages in the book. "Scorpius, you can read that when you finish eating," Astoria lectured. "Alright," Scorpius said, taking a while to actually close it. "As of tomorrow, you will officially be a wizard," she said happily and soft. "Yeah," Scorpius agreed, smiling widely, but feeling his anxiety creep back up on him. It's almost as if the positive and negative side of his mind were going at it in a duel. After passing through the barrier to reach Platform 9 3/4, everything seemed to be a blur for Albus. Everything from the sight of the Hogwarts Express, the sound of the engine starting up, the hundreds and hundreds of people crowded around him, and his family joyfully speaking with his cousins, aunt, and uncle. His stomach was tightening with worry. Why did he have to be a Potter? Why couldn't he just be a normal student? That way people wouldn't expect anything from him. He checked his ferret Gerald inside his cage at the front of the trolley to make sure he was safe, and he grinned. He loved his pet so much that he chose to keep him right next to him during the entire ride on the train. The one and only thing he was actually looking forward to for going to this school was to meet Rubeus Hagrid and allow him to show him all sorts of different creatures, whether magical or not. His father and him were apparently very close, and he told Albus everything there was to know about him, especially his size. That still didn't disguise the fears that he was awaiting once he got there. Hoping to stall the time of actually boarding the train, he bent down to pretend to tie his shoe laces. Hesitant, he pulled on his father's robe while crouched down on the ground, and he knelt forward to match his offspring's height. "Do you think-what if I am-what if I'm put in Slytherin?" Albus finally blurted out. "And what would be wrong with that?" Harry asked, comfortly. "Slytherin is the House of the Snake, of Dark Magic...It's not a House of brave wizards," Albus stated, letting his anxiety now show in his voice. "Albus Severus, you were named after two headmasters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin and he was