I ACCIDENTALLY VAPORIZE MY PRE-ALGEBRA TEACHER Percy's POV Pillar-Look, I didn't want to be a half-blood. Percy-I didn't either. I like how you conveniently only add yourself. Pillar-Shut up and say the next part. Your interrupting the flow of the story. Percy-All right, sheesh. If you're reading this because you think you might be one, my advice is: close this book right now. Believe whatever lie your mom or dad told you about your birth, and try to lead a normal life. Pillar-Being a half-blood is dangerous. It's scary. Most of the time, it gets you killed in painful, nasty ways. Percy-They have no idea what a half-blood is, idiot. Maybe you should explain it to them. Pillar-Perseus Jackson... Percy-All right. I get it when my logic is not wanted. If you're a normal kid, reading this because you think it's fiction, great. Read on. I envy you for being able to believe that none of this ever happened. Pillar-But if you recognize yourself in these pages—if you feel something stirring inside—stop reading immediately. You might be one of us. And once you know that, it's only a matter of time before they sense it too, and they'll come for you. Percy & Pillar-Don't say we didn't warn you. My name is Percy Jackson and my twin sister's name is Pillar Jackson. We are twelve years old. Until a few months ago, we were both unhappily boarding students at Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids in upstate New York. Am I a troubled kid? Yeah. You could say that, though Pillar thinks mentally deranged sounds better. Like the dark, depressing music she likes to listen to. I could start at any point in my short miserable life to prove it, but things really started going bad last May, when our sixth-grade class took a field trip to Manhattan— twenty-eight mental case kids and two teachers on a yellow school bus, heading to the Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at ancient Greek and Roman stuff. I know—it sounds like torture. Most Yancy field trips were. But Mr. Brunner, our Latin teacher, was leading this trip, so I had hopes. Mr. Brunner was this middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair. He had thinning hair and a scruffy beard and a frayed tweed jacket, which always smelled like coffee. You wouldn't think he'd be cool, but he told stories and jokes and let us play games in class. He also had this awesome collection of Roman armor and weapons, so he was the only teacher whose class didn't put me to sleep. I hoped the trip would be okay. At least, I hoped that for once I wouldn't get in trouble. Boy, was I wrong. See, bad things happen to me on field trips. Like at my fifth-grade school, when we went to the Saratoga battlefield, I had this accident with a Revolutionary War cannon. I wasn't aiming for the school bus. Pillar decided she would sit on the cannon and swing her legs, changing the aim of it, but of course we got expelled anyway. And before that, at my fourth-grade school, when we took a behind-the-scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool, Pillar sort of hit the wrong lever on the catwalk—not the one I told her to hit by the way—and our class took an unplanned swim. And the time before that... Well, you get the idea. This trip, I was determined to be good, and I was going to make sure my sister was too. All the way into the city, I put up with Nancy Bobofit, the freckly, redheaded kleptomaniac girl, hitting my best friend Grover in the back of the head with chunks of peanut butter-and ketchup sandwich, while poking Pillar in the back of the head, ten times a minute. Grover was an easy target. He was scrawny. He cried when he got frustrated. He must've been held back several grades, because he was the only sixth grader with acne and the start of a wispy beard on his chin. On top of all that, he was crippled. He had a note excusing him from PE for the rest of his life because he had some kind of muscular disease in his legs. He walked funny, like every step hurt him, but don't let that fool you. You should've seen him run when it was enchilada day in the cafeteria. Pillar on the other hand, she was the complete opposite of Grover. Even though her sea green eyes were exactly like mine, she had a false coldness in them. She believed that it would keep the bullies away. She was someone that had a rough exterior, someone no one wanted to get upset. On the outside, she was rude and merciless, but on the inside, Pillar was the second sweetest person I know. Second. Anyway, Nancy Bobofit was throwing wads of sandwich that stuck in his curly brown hair and physically harassing my younger sister. It sucked that she knew Pillar and I couldn't do anything back to her because I got us on probation a few months ago. It was an accident, of course. The headmaster had threatened us with death by in-school suspension if anything bad, embarrassing, or even mildly entertaining happened on this trip. "I'm going to kill her," I mumbled. Grover tried to calm me down. "It's okay. I like peanut butter." He dodged another piece of Nancy's lunch. "That's it." I started to get up, but Grover pulled me back to my seat. "You're both already on probation," he reminded me. "You know who'll get blamed if anything happens." "We get suspended. Whoop-de-do. Big deal." Pillar said, dryly. She turned and slapped Nancy's hand, who was reaching out to poke her again. Looking back on it, I wish I'd decked Nancy Bobofit right then and there. In-school suspension would've been nothing compared to the mess we were about to get ourselves into. Mr. Brunner led the museum tour. He rode up front in his wheelchair, guiding us through the big echoey galleries, past marble statues and glass cases full of really old black-and-orange pottery. It blew my mind that this stuff had survived for two thousand, three thousand years. He gathered us around a thirteen-foot-tall stone column with a big sphinx on the top, and started telling us how it was a grave marker, a stele, for a girl about our age. He told us about the carvings on the sides. I was trying to listen to what he had to say, because it was kind of interesting, but everybody around me was talking. Pillar took it upon herself to tell them to shut up for my sake. She couldn't care about this sort of history, but every time she opened her mouth, the other teacher chaperone, Mrs. Dodds, would give her the evil eye. Mrs. Dodds was this little math teacher from Georgia who always wore a black leather jacket, even though she was fifty years old. She looked mean enough to ride a Harley right into your locker. She had come to Yancy halfway through the year, when our last math teacher had a nervous breakdown. From her first day, Mrs. Dodds loved Nancy Bobofit and figured my sister and I were devil spawn. I guess she always figured whatever one of us did, the other one had to have helped. She would point her crooked finger at us and say, "Now, honey," real sweet, and I knew we were going to get after-school detention for a month. One time, after she'd made me erase answers out of old math workbooks until midnight, I told Grover I didn't think Mrs. Dodds was human. He looked at me, real serious, and said, "You're absolutely right." That was the day Pillar just about smacked Nancy across the face. Mr. Brunner kept talking about Greek funeral art. Finally, Nancy Bobofit snickered something about the naked guy on the stele, and I turned around and said, "Will you shut up?" It came out louder than I meant it to. The whole group laughed, except for Pillar and Grover. They both gave me a satisfied nod. Though Pillar's had more of a spark in her eyes than Grover. Mr. Brunner stopped his story. "Mr. Jackson," he said, "did you have a comment?" My face was totally red. I said, "No, sir." Mr. Brunner pointed to one of the pictures on the stele. "Perhaps you'll tell us what this picture represents?" "Easy. That's the only thing I learned in his class this year." Pillar whispered beside me, more to herself than out loud. I looked at the carving, and felt a flush of relief, because I actually recognized it. "That's Kronos eating his kids, right?" "Yes," Mr. Brunner said, obviously not satisfied. "And he did this because ..." "Well..." I racked my brain to remember. "Kronos was the king god, and—" "God?" Mr. Brunner asked. "Titan," Pillar took over for me, explaining what she remembered. "And ... he didn't trust his kids, who were the gods. So, um, Kronos ate them, right? But his wife hid baby Zeus, and gave Kronos a rock to eat instead. And later, when Zeus grew up, he tricked his dad, Kronos, into barfing up his brothers and sisters—" "Eeew!" said one of the girls behind me. "—and so there was this big fight between the gods and the Titans," I continued for her, "and the gods won." "Good job, Mr. and Miss Jackson. Next time, though, and this is just a thought, let Percy answer for himself." Some snickers from the group. Behind me, Nancy Bobofit mumbled to a friend, "Like we're going to use this in real life. Like it's going to say on our job applications, 'Please explain why Kronos ate his kids.'" "And why, Mr. Jackson," Brunner said, "to paraphrase Miss Bobofit's excellent question, does this matter in real life?" "Busted," Grover muttered. "Shut up," Nancy hissed, her face even brighter red than her hair. At least Nancy got packed, too. Mr. Brunner was the only one who ever caught her saying anything wrong. He had radar ears. "How the world are we supposed to know that?" Pillar questioned aloud, raising her eyebrows at Mr. Brunner. "Perhaps you should be asking your brother the same question." She turned to me expectantly. I thought about his question, and shrugged. "I don't know, sir." "I see." Mr. Brunner looked disappointed. "Well, half credit, Mr. Jackson and partial credit Miss Jackson. Zeus did indeed feed Kronos a mixture of mustard and wine, which made him disgorge his other five children, who, of course, being immortal gods, had been living and growing up completely undigested in the Titan's stomach. The gods defeated their father, sliced him to pieces with his own scythe, and scattered his remains in Tartarus, the darkest part of the Underworld. On that happy note, it's time for lunch. Mrs. Dodds, would you lead us back outside?" The class drifted off, the girls holding their stomachs, the guys pushing each other around and acting like doofuses. Grover, Pillar, and I were about to follow when Mr. Brunner said, "Jackson's'." I knew that was coming. I told Grover to keep going. Then I turned toward Mr. Brunner. "Sir?" Mr. Brunner had this look that wouldn't let you go— intense brown eyes that could've been a thousand years old and had seen everything. "You must learn the answer to my question," Mr. Brunner told me. "About the Titans?" Questioned my sister. "About real life. And how your studies apply to it." "Oh." "What you learn from me," he said, "is vitally important. I expect you to treat it as such. I will accept only the best from you, Percy and Pillar Jackson." "I...I understand, sir." I clasped my hands behind my back, squeezing my bones. I wanted to get angry, this guy pushed us so hard. I mean, sure, it was kind of cool on