Red Eyed Edward Contest Title: Whispers in the Dark Penname: AutumnButterflylives Word Count: 4558 Rating: M Summary: Bella comes home for the summer after her mother dies to have some time with her dad before college, where she finds out that her mother's rambling was more than just the mind of cancer patient. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Thump. Thump. Thump. With a pounding heart, I jerked awake. I had the feeling I was being watched, like a nightmare from my childhood with the boogie man under the bed. But this time, instead of meeting darkness or the dim green light of a nightlight that was plugged in on the other side of my childhood bedroom, I was met with dark red eyes. My stomach sank in fear, my face paling. The red was as dark as a midnight red rose. They were cold and calculating as the eyes stared almost through me, like I was a piece of art. I was frozen in fear. My heart raced. I was sure that whatever this being in front of me could hear it trying to beat out of my chest. Thump. Thump. Thump. Fast and steady. Thump. Thump. Thump. Slowly, his blood red eyes widened in amusement, the small wrinkles created around his eyes with his wide lopsided smile. I was sure he had to be kneeling next to my bed as I laid there, petrified. But for how long, I wasn't sure. Thump. Thump. Thump. Slowly, he moved in closer to me, keeping his eyes on my own without blinking. He sniffed the air around me, but not touching, before whispering in a deadly, calm threatening smooth voice, "Run." Then he was gone, a light breeze left in his wake. In a blink, there was no sign of him in my room, like he hadn't been there at all. I took in a gasping breath, clutching my hands to my chest. Thump. Thump. Thump. What the fuck was that?! I wanted to scream, to cry for my daddy, like I had countless times when I was child. He'd come in, hold me and tell me it was nothing. He'd come in and look underneath the bed, checking for any monsters before promising that were was absolutely nothing there but my own fears and imagination. But I was no longer a child. I was an adult. I could deal with whatever it was on my own. I would be going off to college soon enough and daddy wouldn't be able to come save me from my wild imagination. It had to be dream. There was no other explanation on what just occurred. The wind blew against the windows, and no breeze came in so I knew that the windows were shut and locked, like the way they were before I went to bed just hours ago. I had looked out the window, seeing a red glow out just beyond the dark forest, and surly that was why I had dreamed of a red eyed creature. Red glowing eyes in the forest was a common occurrence with so many animals around. It was just a dream. My body shook from the aftershock with the red eyes burned in my brain. They chilled me to the bone. Instead of getting out of bed after seeing it was only a little after midnight, I pulled my body tight into a ball like I was a child once more, and closed my eyes. My heavy purple blanket covered my head and toes, as I always had this fear of the boogie monster grabbing me around my feet and pulling me into the darkness that consisted under my bed. I forced my eyes shut tight, knowing that sleep would not come easily as my body shook with silent fearful sobs. I prayed that once morning came, this would just be another dream and there would be nothing to fear in daylight. ~o0o~ The sun rose, and with it a new day. The nightmare – because that is what it was – a distance memory. I forced it to the back of my mind as I got ready for another day. Charlie, my father, was already out on a fishing trip as he left before the birds woke. I felt off as I made my way out of bed, my feet touching the cold wood floor. The feeling of being watched was still with me, and I did everything I could to shrug it off. Once I was in the shower, the bathroom door shut tight, and locked, I felt safe. There was only a small window that no one could possibly fit through, and no one would be able to get into the room unless they kicked down the door. The water was warm, and the steam began to fill the room. I was alone as I possibly could be in a house that no one else was in. I took my time washing my hair out, letting the warm stream of water sooth my frightened nerves. I kept repeating over and over to myself that I was only a dream. It's only a dream. It was nothing. I've had dreams of being stared at before, waking myself up and still seeing the eyes of the person watching me. The red eyes were nothing more than a pair of eyes, no matter how creepy I still felt hours later. Once done with the shower and dressed for the day, I got to work on cleaning the house. Dad was never the type to clean up after himself. There was a pile of dirty dishes in the sink waiting to be washed, and laundry needing to be thrown in the washer. As the day progressed, the nightmare was nearly gone from my memory as I dusted and remade both beds. The wind had picked up, and with it the heavy rain from the monsoon season. Lightening began to crackle through the sky. By lunch time, dad called and said he was staying at Billy's for the night as he had a few beers and didn't want to drive in such bad weather, his fishing trip cut short. "Of course I'll be fine," I promised my dad as another round of thunder shook the house, causing me to jump once again, my heart picking up speed. "I'll see you tomorrow morning then." With that, we ended the call, as neither one of us was a huge talker. Dad and I were the same. We said what needed to be said and moved on to whatever was next. Coming here this summer was the best decision so far. I just hung up the phone as another streak of lightening flashed, hitting a tree just outside the house and causing the power to flash off. Thunder following behind. Once. Twice. Blackness. The power was off, and bright red eyes were pushed up against the front living room window. Its nose was smooshed against the glass, almost like a pig's nose. I screamed, but was unable to move, my body frozen once more. My hands held tightly to the back of the chair I had been in just before the phone call. The pair of red eyes belonged to a boy – no a man – that had wild wet dark hair as the rain plastered it down against his forehead. His grin was wide, and not at all surprised by catching me frozen in fear. He looked thrilled at frightening me. And there was nothing I could do. Thump, thump. Thump, thump. Thump, thump. Once I was able to move, his eyes darkened as I bolted from the living room and to the bathroom, knowing it was the only room he wasn't able to get in easily, if at all. The house was dark, the only light was from the flashes of lightening, and I swear I saw those red eyes in every corner, in every window I passed. I was sure it was nothing, just my imagination. That's all it had to be. Thump, thump. Thump, thump. Thump, thump. Panting, I slammed the door shut, hearing a dark laugh somewhere from within the house between the rumbles of thunder. Was he in the house? I asked myself, leaning my back against the closed door, my eyes shut tight. Thunder shook the house as the bathroom lit up, but only just slightly through the small window as the rain pelted against it. I shook in fear, knowing that it was no longer a dream. Whatever that thing was, with wide thrilled eyes, was real. It wasn't just a dream. Wasn't just my own nightmare. Thump, thump. Thump, thump. Thump, thump. The floor on the stairs, that one stair, creaked as something stepped on it in between the flashes of lightening and the rumble of thunder. I clinched my eyes shut tightly, knowing I wasn't able to hide, but I prayed I was still dreaming and that I would wake up. I had to. "Come out, come out, wherever you are," the voice sang out, smooth and filled with laughter. I could hear him now. He was running his fingernails along the wall as he took slow measured steps across the landing. His steps were light, but in an old house each step was heard as though he stomped his way towards my hiding place. "I can smell your fear, dear child," he laughed darkly. "There is nowhere you can hide from me." I muffled a sob, my face pressed into my knees with my arms tight around my stomach. I couldn't make a sound. He was going to kill me, I was sure of it. Why else would he wake me up? Why else would he be in my house? Thump. Thump, thump. Thump. A door slammed downstairs as the man mumbled something in another language before disappearing as fast as he had appeared. I knew he was gone for the time being. I knew because I could feel it in my bones, I don't know how but I could. He was a monster, a dangerous monster that was intent on coming after me. "Bella?" a voice yelled out. A voice that I knew well. Shakily, I stood up and opened the bathroom door. The voice called for me again as I stepped out into the small hallway before making my way down to the main floor. "Where were you?" he asked out, seeing me as he left the kitchen with a can of coke in his paw. "Upstairs," I answered. I thought about lying, but knew he could tell. "What are you doing here, Jake?" At least with his calming presence, my heart was more of a normal rhythm. Someone, he always had made things look better, even in the total blackness. "Charlie sent me," he shrugged. "And I'd never pass up a moment to hang out with my blushing girl." On cue, I blushed deep red and he chuckled before wrapping me into a tight hug. "You're cold," he noted, taking a longer time to keep my body against his. "Well, it is storming outside, and the power is off," I stated in a no-nonsense voice, but didn't push away from my friend, seeking his warmth and his safety he always presented to me. We had grown up together through the years. I had come to visit my dad a couple times a year, and Jacob Black was always there to see me. We were like brother and sister, and the two year age difference never once bothered us. We were stuck together like glue most of the time. And I did miss him, as the last year I hadn't been able to get out here to the rainy town of Forks like I had hoped. My mother's health wasn't the best the past two years, as she was fighting brain cancer. I stayed with her until