Summary: This is a Jasper/Bella/Peter pairing. No vamps, but not human. Running for her life, Bella tries to escape her past but what happens when her past won't stay behind her? I am currently working on editing each chapter. Chapter 1 My bare feet slapped against the rough alleyway. I could feel glass and rocks cut the bottom of my feet. My legs burned with the strain of being used. My breaths came in heavy pants, burning with every inhale. With a pounding heart, I dared to look behind me and saw the man slow to a walk. I knew he had me cornered, as it was my fault I ran into the dark alley hoping to find safety as no one was out and about at this time of night. The man's shadow cast long from the street light. Glad I couldn't see the glint that was sure to be on his lusty face, I whipped back around and nearly ran smack into a solid wall. The wall was a man, about 6 inches taller than myself. He caught me around my middle, causing me to skid in a circle so I didn't hurt myself. He quickly pulled me backwards with a silencing hand over my mouth, my scream lost in my throat. My heart felt like it would leap out of my chest as I was walked backwards, my back to his chest, into an air conditioned room. The one chasing me whistled a tune, non-the-wiser about what was going on. Were the two men both from the same compound? Was my fighting for nothing? I began to panic as a door shut quietly in front of me and a low light somewhere turned on. I closed my eyes hoping my end would be painless. I felt the man lead me away from the door before lightly shoving me forward, as he turned us around. "If I take my hand off, no screaming. Understood?" he asked roughly in a low whisper, a slight accent to his voice. I nodded the best I could. My breaths still came in heavy pants. His hand moved slowly, waiting for me to scream. All I did, what my body would allow me to do, was fall gracefully to my knees as his arm around my waist slowly loosened his hold on me. Once I was on my knees on the cold dirty white tiles, I gasp, trying to catch my breath. I'm sure I looked a site to see. An underweight girl, dirty from head to toe, with barely any clothing on gasping for air. My entire body hurt, and not just from the few minutes I had ran. "Deep breaths in," the man spoke from beside me, causing me to jump as I had forgotten about him in my panic. "Breathe in. . . . breath out." It continued for a few minutes, maybe hours, before I was able to catch my breath. Never once did the man touch me again. My body felt weak, an effect from the panic attack, but I stayed as still as possible in my kneeling position. A bottle of water was sat before my down cast eyes along with a simple command of 'drink'. The water was cold and felt nice against my parched throat. When had I last had anything to drink? Let alone eat? I only drank half of the bottle before setting it back gently as not to spill it. While doing so, I notice my body shaking. "Let's get you cleaned up, suga'," mumbled the man as he helped me to stand. Good thing he was there supporting me weight, or I'd have fallen back down. I was used to my body being weak, but not this week. There had been a few instances where I was too weak to walk, though. I shuffled along as he guided me towards the small bathroom where the bathtub was already filled with steamy water. The man gently took off the flimsy gray gown I had on. He hissed through his teeth as he saw all the bruises, old and new, that I was covered in. I was used to them, but always avoided looking at myself at all times if possible. Instead of helping me into the water, he picked me up and sat me down gently. The water was perfect and soothing to my sore body. It wasn't too warm to cause me to have much of a reaction to my cold skin. "When was the last the time you had a bath, girl?" he asked calmly. I had yet to look at him. All my years of training wouldn't allow me to. Always keep your head down unless told otherwise. "A bath?" When had I ever had a bath? Being dunked in a cold pool of filthy water wasn't my idea of a bath. "Maybe a month?" I whispered with a one shoulder shrug. It wasn't often I was allowed to be clean. "No wonder," he said, almost like he was disappointed. "There's soap, shampoo, other girly products, you can use to get all cleaned up. Use whatever you'd like. I'll be back in a bit with some clean clothes for you." He said, standing up. "If you need anything, just yell," with that, he let the bathroom, closing the door most of the way, but leaving a small crack so he would most likely be able to hear me. I wouldn't call for help even if I needed it. Not knowing how long I was allowed to have to get cleaned, I grabbed the body wash and lathered up the sponge. I scrubbed my entire body to where my skin was a bright pink. The water was a murky brown color by the time I was clean from head to toe. I attempted to run my hands through the tangled mess, but gave up after a short few minutes. Not knowing when the man would return, I pulled my knees up to my chest and wrapped my arms loosely around them. I am not sure how long I sat there, just waiting. I was used to having to wait, sometimes hours to be told what to do next, and I'd have to sit or stay in the same position the entire time. What would happen to me now? Did I run for nothing? I did I maybe run into the arms of a savior literally? A soft knock brought me out of my dark thoughts. The man was back. I didn't acknowledge him, as I was trained to do. "Here's some clothes for you. I'm not sure if they will fit, but it's all the small store had, I was told," he spoke while he walked into the room and set a small pile of clothes on the counter that was a few feet from the bath tub. "Do you think you can get dressed on your own?" Probably not, but I nodded anyway. I would manage, like I always have had to do. I was hungry, tired, and sore, although that was the norm for me. I slowly lifted myself out of the dirty water, pulling the plug, once the man was gone from the room. Stepping out, my legs felt like jello, but I ignored it and grabbed the rusty colored towel from the towel rack above the toilet soaking as much water from my hair as possible, I tried to hurry before my body would eventually give out. I hastily tossed the clothes on that the man got me. A pair of black yoga pants that ended up fitting perfect and a pair of simple underwear and a bra. The gray tank top ended up being too big across my chest. There was also a button up long sleeve shirt that smelt clean with a hint of cedar. If felt nice to be clean and out of the filthy scratchy gowns I'd always have to wear. The gowns all of us were expected to wear were never washed often and smelt horrible, but one could never expect it to smell anything remotely good at the compound. Knowing my hair was a lost cause, since I saw no brush anywhere, I slowly opened the door after hanging the towel back up. Taking a few steps out onto the carpeted floor, I tried to keep my head down as not to draw attention to myself. But I couldn't help but look around. The carpet was a dark brown and had stains in places. The furniture, what little there was, was scattered about randomly. A worn black leather loveseat was pushed back against the farthest wall from the bathroom and next to what looked like a door the man had dragged me into whatever this place. There was also a small tube TV which sat upon a chair in the corner a few feet from the sofa. Towards the kitchen area, which was small, stood the man with his back to me. The cupboards looked as if the doors would fall off the hinges with little force. A small two seated table sat against the wall closest to me next to the bathroom. The man wore a plain black shirt and dark blue jeans and appeared to not know I was done getting dressed. That, in the compound, could be a good thing or bad thing. This wasn't the compound though, so I wasn't sure what was expected of me. "Oh," the man gasped as he turned around and saw me standing there wide eyed before dropping my eyes to the floor. "I was just about to come check on you." After a short pause he continued, "You must be hungry. Come have a seat." I slowly shuffled my bare feet along the few steps to the little brown table to my left. The man sat at a small plate down to the chair I was closest to. The plate contained half a slice of bread folded into a sandwich with what smelt like peanut butter. There was also a couple slices of an apple. My mouth began to water just thinking about eating the food. Not knowing if this was some sort of test, I sat gingerly on the edge of the chair with my hands folded in my lap. I tried to look at anything but the food. "Eat girl," spoke the man from near the sink where he stood eating his own food. I gently and shakily picked up the apple slice and took a little bite. It was fresh and juicy. After that first bite, I tried to eat slow, but couldn't stop myself from eating everything within in a few short minutes. I swallowed the last bite of the sandwich right as a bottle of water, the same as I was had earlier, was placed in front of me as the plate was taken away. "Sorry I didn't have more food to give ya. I was planning to leave tonight, but had a feeling I needed to stay around for a few more hours," the man explained. "I had someone run to the store for me to pick up those clothes for you this afternoon when my 'feeler' started acting up," he continued. What did he mean by 'feeler'? And did I even want to know? "Name's Peter Whitlock, by the way. Sorry for not inducing you before," he stated. "Now, we are going for a road trip. And I am hoping that guy isn't out there trying to find ya. He's bad news." Did this Peter guy loose his mind at one point in time? I know I'm not like normal people, and my mark alone can tell me that, but he jabbers on about nonsense. He seemed like a decent guy, but there was no way I was trusting him. "Now, road trip time, girl. We are gonna meet up with my friend of sorts. He should have been here, but he ignored