Hedda Prince and the Hidden Family Line Authors note: I have not given up on SeidtoTama, my Gintama Fanfiction. I just took a break, but I'm still writing it. I had another idea for it last night at work. I wanted to post this for a while, I just did not have time to have it corrected for a while thanks to my super busy schedule this semester at school, and work. Ugh college. Okay, so I don't own Harry Potter, nor anything affiliate with it. Or any of the other TV shows, books, places mentioned that are real or were created by someone else. This is a fanfic I'm writing Yazziyous Daydreamer. She had a dream about it and I wanted to write one for her. I'm rearranging the years where Harry Potter took place in. Oh, and in case you're wondering, Hedda is two year older than the trio. One last thing, this will be done in three parts. Part two should be corrected tomorrow, then posted. Part three needs a bit more writing. This is a mix of Cannon HP and Lupin-Black story Notes: ' ' means thoughts " " means dialog -Beginning of Part One- Somewhere in the English Country side, 1999 The night was dark; there was no moon out on this cloudy mid-July night. A very secluded manor house stood amongst a strand of deep woods. There was only one light on in the many dark windows that faced the night. In that one lit room a man sat hunched at a fancy, ancient-looking writing desk. Longish, dark locks fell in his face as he glared at his quill. He placed it back into the ink well. The man lifted the candle as he rose from the burgundy desk chair, ready to retire for the evening. He turned back towards the desk to seal the letter in an envelope. The dim flame in the fireplace behind the man roared to life. It held the face of young woman with Hispanic features. "Severus Snape," she addressed the older man, with a Mid-Western, American dialect. He twisted on his feet, his black robed twirling with him like the flapping of an unkindness of ravens. "Yes," he sneered. 'Who would be as impudent as to use the floo network a few moments before the stroke of midnight?' The woman smiled. It was a charming, very professional smile. "I'm Stella Stanson." She paused, trying to offer him a crisp white business card. Severus ignored it. "Get to the point, Ms. Stanson." She hid her offense behind a polished mannerism. "Of course, Mr. Snape." "Professor," he corrected between gritted teeth. "My apologies, Professor Snape. I'm with Magical Children's services. Head of the Special Cases division." The wizard's pale face betrayed none of the curiosity brewing inside of him, only the irritation of being called upon at this late hour. 'What in Merlin's Beard could this be about?' Severus was a childless, bachelor. 'I suppose it must have something to do with one of my students. They might want proof or statements of them being neglected at home.' Stella cleared her throat before continuing. "If the manner of this case were not so urgent… I would send you a letter. Which is the general protocol." She raised a manila folder, careful not to ruin her fresh manicure. She had gone to one of her old-school friend's newly opened nail salon and had them painted with wonderful black and gold stripes with silver G's for the play in her home town's community theatre that she was just casted in, The Great Gatsby. "A child was just recovered today from Gnilrets, Illinois." She handed him the folder. "The circumstances were worthy of a boggart." Severus snatched it out of her hands and hurriedly scanned it. He did not have the time nor the patience to stay up until the wee hours of the morning for something like this. He had breakfast with his distant relatives Lucius and Narcissa in the morning. Then he had plans to run into town, he was almost out of his jar of Newts eyes for his potions. The species he was using for his creations were difficult to find and he only used the best ingredients for any of his potions regardless if it was for his personal use or business matters. The first page was of a little girl about five years old. She had hair like that muggle actress Severus remembered his mother was fond of, Shirley Temple? Large brown eyes and a slightly crooked nose—which is a common trait of the Prince family line. Most would not have noticed it, but as he was of the Prince family, he of course did. He did not usually find children cute, but she was adorable. Not that he would ever say that aloud. She was much cuter than Lucius's son, Draco. He was such a mean looking baby, unlike this child. There were many random jotted in notes to help wizards understand muggle terms, clearly by some witch that was proud of her high marks in Muggle Studies. Severus rolled his eyes at this. The files read: Name: Hedda M. O'Dailey Birthday: June 22, 1992 Sex: Female Age: 5 Biological Parents: Caitlin O'Dailey and Bob Convernly. Case Notes: On a Kindergarten (A sort of school for baby muggles) trip to a local National Park, the child was reportedly quietly playing with a plastic dinosaur (They do not come to life and roar, unless they have some type of power source called batteries) on a wooden park bench and watching the small waterfall before in a moment's notice appeared in a fifty ft. Spruce tree. The lady in charge of the trip, Ms. Smith, came running when another child reported this. When Ms. Smith reached the child, she was already trying to climb down, when her hand missed a branch and she fell. Miraculously, the child was not hurt. Nonetheless, they rushed her to the hospital because they thought she might have a concussion. The child's mother, Caitlin O'Dailey, picked her up after the doctors (Muggle Healers) discharged her with the warning for Ms. O'Dailey to keep her awake for several more hours and to watch for several signs. Report Cnt: The next report comes from Liz Mindo, a friend of the biological mother. She reports that Ms. O'Dailey dropped Hedda off at her house. Ms. O'Dailey told Ms. Mindo that she was going to be late for her tanning appointment (A skin appointment that takes place at muggle salons to make one's skin tan) Ms. Mindo was only supposed to watch Hedda for a couple of hours. However, Ms. O'Dailey never returned to get her. After a week of keeping the child and unable to contact Ms. O'Dailey, Ms. Mindo dropped Hedda off at DCFS (Muggle Child Services). Further Notes: the child exhibits several signs and displays of having magic. Very powerful magic. Severus felt a twang of pity in his heart. It reminded him of how neglectful his own parents were. He immediately squashed it. "Yes, this is very tragic Ms. Stanson. Despite that, what does this have to do with me?" Stella had watched him read curiously. She did not want this case. Normally, it would go to an underling, but all the other case workers refused the job. A majority of them said they would quit, if their superior insisted they take the case. MCS was already understaffed as it is. So, Stella begrudgingly accepted it. Knowing the potions instructor's reputation as an incredibly rigid and harsh man. "Well, the client would normally be placed with a relative after being taken out of the mother's custody. Unfortunately, no one could locate the biological mother. The biological father is in prison. There are no step parents or close relatives that we could get a hold of. DCFS placed her in foster care, and her foster parents, Tim and Andrea, both squibs, realized immediately that she was a witch and contacted us in hopes of reaching any magical family." With an annoyed sigh, Severus tapped a long, pale finger against the fireplace mantle. 'Ah. They want to contact one of my student's parents, who will turn out to be some sort of relative for the child.' He rolled his eyes. 'Why did they not contact Dumbledore or any of the school officials for this?' A short, greenish, spindly creature wearing a mini Victorian style dress entered Severus's study. The house elf carried an antique tray. Severus accepted the cup of tea, she offered mumbling. "Thank you, Dapper." He was unprepared for what the case worker informed him next. "Well, Professor Snape, according to the Heritage potion she is a Prince." There were a few moments pause. Stella's eyes lit in what could be considered an almost sadistic glee. "You are the closest relation we could get a hold of." Severus choked on his tea, causing Dapper, who had started to exit the room, to nearly drop the tray. Being the good house elf she was, she managed to place the tray neatly on the desk and assist her master. Severus quickly regained his composure and sent Dapper away, not in an unkind manner. "What do you mean she is a Prince?" He snarled. Cold black eyes filled with the promise that if she was joking he was willing to cast an unforgivable curse or two on the unfortunate trickster, caused a shiver to go down Stella's spine that she could not quite conceal. Stella gulped, but otherwise stayed perfectly professional. "Turn to page 394, Professor Snape." He thumbed through the pages until he found what he was looking for. It was the results of the Heritage potion. It was true. It says that Hedda's Grandmother was his Grandmother's sister, Danica Prince. But he had never heard of her. The heritage potion results only went as far as the closest wizarding relative. The MCS clearly used a cheap one, as it went past even the 1500s on the child's muggle relatives, but not only to the most recent Wizarding ancestor. Severus could make a potion that went a lot further, however he wanted to know now. Since the Heritage potion would require, a bit of Hedda's saliva and Severus did not wish to wait that long. Danica Prince was not in any of the family tapestries that hung throughout the halls of the manor, nor in any of the records he had read. Once Severus found out that he was from a great lineage, all those years ago, he had done extensive research on his genealogy. Usually so controlled, Severus struggled to maintain his racing thoughts. Turning away from the fire place he searched several cluttered shelves filled with all kinds of odds and ends: a humanoid skull, several rare gems that sparkled in the candle light, a couple of parchment pieces, and a few other random things. Until he found what he was looking for. A small golden bell. He rang it once. Dapper reappeared in the doorway. "Dapper. I need you to bring me everything you can find on the Prince blood lines," he ordered. Dapper bowed, hiding her smile as she scurried away. She was happy her master was not going to be all alone now. She had hoped that he would soon settle down, especially now that he had such a good job at the Wizarding school. 'He should find a wife and have lots of little wizards and witches for Dapper to look after.' Her green head nodded rapidly to herself. 'But having a niece is good, too.' She hummed as she made her way to the library to find the requested items. Severus turned back to deal with the American witch. "What must I do to claim guardianship of the child?" Stella had waited patiently, for him to finish with his elf. She hid her copy of Witch's Fab behind her back, then apparated it back to the nightstand in