Day 1: Train Tracks, Backwards Rivers, and Hot Chocolate Nico was one of the very few that Skipper trusted with her life. So, when a very territorial pack member from the French decided to blow up the train that they were on, Nico ended up tied to Skip from a long chain while he stayed in the run-away car. Skipper was above trying not to lose her balance for it was winter and the train car's roof was riddled with invisible sheets of thin but deadly ice. Nico was desperately trying to find a way to stop the car when it hit him: there was no way to go but down. So naturally, when Skipper won the match, the duo jumped off the still speeding train car into the freshly fallen snow. They could only wish that the snow had had a softer touch. And perhaps warmer. The sixteen-year old son of Hades had no clue where he was. Skipper sniffed the crisp, pine-scented air and stated that she knew exactly where she was. One hundred percent… Nico was sure to remind her of that later when they were both shivering walking the same stretch of land for what seemed like the tenth time. How did they know? They came across their own footsteps. Again. And again. And once more. "Face it. We're lost." "We," Skipper said matter-of-factly, "are not lost. I'm just retracing these steps so I remember them for next time." She kept walking. "Duh." Nico snorted and said, "What next time? Who says there's going to be a next time? If we don't find someone or somewhere soon, there won't be a next time!" She stayed quiet for a while after that. No need to upset the son of Hades furthermore. You see, Nico didn't really have a temper problem, but when you could already see an angry side of him… Well, lets just say you probably shouldn't push it. "Wait," Skip's voice rang out, as sharp as the frosty air. She crouched down low into an unnatural pose that was really more animal than human. A low growl echoed from her throat. Definitely not human. Nothing seemed to be out of the ordinary other than the teenage girl crouching and growling like a maniac. A snap came from the opposite direction where tall pines gathered closely together as if to escape the frigid cold… or, as if to hide something… Skipper strained her neck to look where the snap had come from but found nothing. Nico, who was carefully watching Skip to make sure she stayed put, already had his pure black Stygian iron sword out. He spun around checking his surroundings once, twice, and a third time for added measure. Nothing. "Well, whatever it is, it's gone now," Skipper said, straightening herself out. She cocked her head to the side and looked Nico up and down. "Hmm…" He furrowed his eyebrows. "Hmm, what?" Skipper shrugged nonchalantly and simply shook her head. "It's just," she started, " well I mean, we kind of stick out like sore thumbs with all this white so it's no wonder an animal or something doesn't want to be near us." Nico pondered what his friend said. "I suppose you're right." "Yeah, I'm right" "Okay, okay! Sheesh." After another half hour of shivering, swearing, teeth chattering, and some close calls with pine trees (let's not get in to that), the demigods had finally made it to what seems like new ground. Another five minutes and they were standing on a rather large cliff and could see their surroundings from miles around. To the right and left were forests, the left one seeming to have a denser population of evergreens. There were other pines scattered about but they stayed on either side of a clearing that seemed to narrow down the further away you looked, almost as if… "It's a river!" Nico's sudden change of spirit (and volume level) was enough to make Skipper jump. "Your point?" "My point is that we should follow that river and see if it leads to anywhere useful." "You can see as well as I do-well actually no, you can't, but you understand what I'm trying to say. You can see as well as I do that there is nothing but snow and trees and boring, cold nothing more miles. It would just be easier to turn around and go back for the train tracks." "Oh, so you can get us lost again?! I think we'll try my way." "Or, so we don't freeze to death, we can go back to the tracks. It rhymes. It's a sign from Apollo. There. That settles it. We are going to go back to the tracks." "No, we're not." Nico was seriously getting annoyed now. "Yes, we are." "No." Skipper huffed and turned away to scout the left forest. Nico grumbled about his protector pulling an 'Annabeth' while he trudged off a little ways to scout the right forest. The next thing that happened was so unexpected that both healthy sixteen year olds almost had a heart attack. BOOM. A chunk almost impaled Nico before he could turn around to see what had happened. Skipper stifled a scream as a large heap of ice landed right in front of her, obstructing her view of the sight. Both demigods recovered from their stupor and were both shocked and amazed to find that the solid ground they had been standing on not a moment earlier had burst from the pressure of an ice cold river trying to break through and be free to flow. Pieces of snow-covered ice were breaking off the size of Apollo's sports car chariot flowing downwards towards the edge of the cliff. It was a strange but spectacular sight. The river down below was still completely frozen along with the waterfall that must have been there. The teens both seemed to ask themselves the same question: what would happen to the water once it fell down the waterfall? Skipper seemed to have moved on to realizing the bigger problem. The river flowing from back the way they came was actually flowing. Chunks of ice were still dropping (that's the only thing they could do after falling down the 'somewhat' waterfall) down the cliff and they weren't getting any smaller, in fact, one that just passed her was easily the size of Nico's pet hellhound, Mrs. O' Leary. The river was too wide to leap across for Nico. Even Skipper knew she couldn't clear the wide space. So she did the only thing she could think of. She ran back the way they came hoping that she could catch up to the rapidly cracking river. The laws of physics didn't seem to matter to this river in particular, Nico thought. The river flowed forward but it was flowing uphill. Suddenly gravity didn't matter. None of that mattered to him after a crazed hellhound jumped out at him out of nowhere. Even though Nico was a son of Hades, no matter how hard he tried to tame the beast, he couldn't. The dog jumped at him and he sidestepped to avoid it. Nico hardly made it without getting his black shirt ripped to shreds. "Argh!" Nico tried to cut the beast but it was too fast for him. With the swipe of its enormous paw, it threw the son of Hades in the air. He landed with a thud about 30 feet away from the rivers edge and wouldn't move. The hellhound moved in for the kill. Nico was still lying in a crumpled heap in the snow, not moving. Skipper had seen the fight but hadn't been able to help him as she was still stuck on the other side. And she was starting to panic. That's it, she thought. "Enough!" A pure black wolf nearly the size of a cow replaced her. The dog backed up and broke into a sprint. With a mighty leap she barely made it to the other side of the river where the hellhound was advancing on Nico much too quickly. A low growl escaped from the mouth of the black wolf. A warning. The hellhound turned to face its opponent, snarling. Then it all happened at once. The hellhound lunged and the wolf ducked out of the way. The wolf ran towards Nico. He was still breathing, thank the gods. The wolf had just enough time to nudge the unconscious boy before the hellhound attacked again. The wolf countered and ended up slashing its maw. Howling in pain, the hellhound backed away a few yards and studied its opponent once again. It roared with rage. The wolf did not return the call but let out another warning growl. Ears back, lips curled, teeth bared, the wolf made it clear to the hound to leave. The hound grumbled and trotted off back towards the tracks. The shadowy dog turned to Nico and nudged him again. "Ughh," he groaned. The dog morphed back into the gothic looking girl and she knelt down to Nico's side. The boy tried to sit up but when he did, the color drained from his already pale skin. He lay back down and squeezed his eyes shut. "Shh, Kid. Don't move. Don't get up. Just stay still, kay?" "Yeah, no need to tell me twice." Skipper smiled and sat down. She pulled Nico towards her so that he could rest on her lap. She ran her fingers through his dark hair and just stayed there scanning the horizon. "Fine," she said after a moment. "Hmm?" "We'll try your way. We'll find a way down there. We'll murder whatever gets in our way." Nico stayed silent for a moment before answering, "Um… I'm not too sure about that last part." "Oh shh. You need to rest." "Riiight… Rest when it's like 0 degrees. Makes perfect sense," he said through clenched teeth. "Can't you like, be a man and suck it up?! C'mon," she said as she rose to her feet," just try to stand up." Skipper tried to help him up again. He stood up and stretched. He seemed alright until he started to take a step and almost ended up with a face full of snow. Skipper caught him before he could land. "Alright," she sighed. "Come on. I'll give you a ride. On my back, Kid. Hold on tight, don't fall off." As soon as she finished the black wolf from before replaced her body. The wolf watched Nico as he tried to get on her back. He fumbled a bit. She became impatient and gave him a boost with her head. She shifted a bit to make him as comfortable as possible, but they both knew that riding a wolf the same way as riding a horse was definitely not the same feeling. It was much, much worse. Eventually, about an hour later, they were safely down the snowy cliff. Now the question was which forest they would be going into. "Whataya think, Kid?" Nico half-waddled, half-walked around, trying to get feeling back in his legs. "Well, the right forest has less trees but the left forest might have more," he paused for dramatic effect," spontaneous events." "Meaning more monsters and schist." "Well, undoubtedly more monsters but their may be someone who is willing to help us," he said sounding pretty doubtful himself. "Kay. Left it is." "Bu- I mean- I didn't say-" "Dude. We're takin' the left forest. No more complainin'." Skipper took lead and Nico followed cautiously behind. He was shivering and his teeth were chattering and Skipper had had enough. She spun around and glared at him. He looked down in response but said nothing. They both just stood there saying and doing nothing. Except for Nico's teeth still chattering away. Skipper huffed and marched off. If she hadn't stopped and waited for Nico she would've gotten her head skewered by an arrow. A dark red wood arrow sprouted from the tree not