Suzume Crimson: FIRST PERCY JACKSON FANFICTION! WOOHOO! Yeah. I had this idea before. I even used it for a French story assignment-thingy, but excluded the Percy Jackson cast. And I think it's pretty horrible, in French. BUT THIS ONE IS IN ENGLISH! SWEET, CANADIAN/AMERICAN OR WHATEVER ENGLISH! Although, this is pretty different from it. Same idea, different events. I may, if I get it back, post the short French version, but... yeah. I made a beautiful prophecy in French! XD Melia: Crimson does not own the Percy Jackson and the Olympians or The Heroes of Olympus series. They both belong to Rick Riordan and whatever other company owns them. She only owns me, Jasmine, Christopher, Colin, Shannon and Chrysí̱ . Enjoy! Full Summary: Eons ago, Hera had made a promise to Zeus. Sworn by the River Styx, she was not to have any children unless if Zeus was the sire. For years, she has kept that promise, until that fateful day. Meet Melia Cross, sole half-blood daughter of Hera. Trained and raised by the wolves and other outcast demigods until the Big Seven finds her and a new Great Prophecy, once again , is born. Together, they travel the globe, meet new demigods, gods and monsters while trying to keep the greatest evil of all from rising. There was a time, eons ago, when Hera had made a promise to her brother-husband, Zeus. She swore to never fall in love with a mortal man, or any other Greek god. This promise was made in Hades' realm of the Underworld, over the River Styx and sworn by it. Every demigod, mortal, monster and deity knows what happens if a promise made with the word of the River Styx was broken, of course. It could result to many things. This promise was more like forced out of Hera, but it seemed like she did not mind. Even when Zeus was with their sister, Demeter, and bore Persephone, or with Leto, who bore Artemis and Apollo. The queen of the heavens kept her word. Until that one day. During some battle in the Middle East, the goddess of marriage stumbled across a wounded American soldier. She pitied him, seeing his whole life and how he could never find someone to marry. She was the Greek goddess of marriage, for the love of Olympus! She watched over him and healed his wounds, using her powers. But what she didn't know was that this mortal was one of the few who could see through the Mist. And, boy, was she in for a surprise when she saw his expression. "Y-y-you... H-how did you do that?!" the man freaked out. "Shh," the immortal woman shushed him. "Do not worry; I shall heal you." "W-w-what... who are you?" She finished up quickly before standing. "I am Hera, Greek goddess of marriage, queen of the heavens, brother and wife to Zeus." He stared at her in awe, but before he could say another word, she vanished. "Rise, my hero, for your army shall win this battle." her voice echoed through his mind. With a fresh layer of determination, he got up and joined his soldier buddies. Indeed they won. The man went to look for the claimed deity to thank her. He soon found her standing against one of the trucks that carried wounded soldiers. Even in the dark, he knew it was her. Some type of power radiated off of her that showed she was no measly human. "Lady Hera," he called out, reluctantly. "I-I'd like to thank you. The battle, my wound. Thank you." "You are a very faithful man; I can see that. I'm the goddess of marriage, after all." "B-But how? I never thought... Why couldn't anyone else see you?" "The Mist." the raven-haired queen replied. "A magical veil, mainly produced by Hecate, goddess of magic, crossroads and the Mist, to enable mortals to see monsters and the your-known 'mythical' creatures." "So," the soldier started. "Pegasi, Cyclopes, the heroes and demigods... The stories are all true?" "Mmhm." she nodded. "I see..." "Would you rather forget? It may help regain your... sanity. You wouldn't remember any of this." Hera stated. "No, um, your Majesty. Um, I must head back to my group now. Thank you, once again." he bowed slightly before running off. "Hmm." Over the months, when the man, who's name was Doon Cross, had returned to the States, Hera would watch over him. She pitied the man for not being able to find a wife. She even asked Aphrodite to help, but the goddess of love refused. "I'm sorry, Queen Hera, but I cannot force one to love another. I've learned my lessons over the millenniums." Aphrodite apologized. Hera was a bit angry, but she knew Aphrodite was right. The people she cursed, the way the children of those cursed had turned out; it was all horrid. Love shouldn't be messed with, especially in the 20th century where pretty much nobody believed in the Greek stories anymore. The dark-haired deity still watched over the human, sometimes making her presence known to him. Slowly, and without realizing it, she had become smitten to the lonely male. And soon, a child was born. The first demigod child of Hera. Ever. And the queen knew this would cause trouble. They named the baby, who was a girl, Melia, which meant "friendly", "soft" or "ash tree" in Greek. She had none of her mother's characteristics. She did, though, have her father's ash mauve eyes, and her hair was a silvery-white colour; none of her parents' characteristics. Melia was petite for a newborn baby, but both Hera and Doon could predict the strength that would come from her. Doon was content with the child, but a bit worried, too. He thought about the monsters that Hera had told him about, like the hellhounds, empousai , Cyclopes or whatever. Would they chase his first-born daughter? Meanwhile, Hera was a nervous wreck. Soon, Zeus would find out about her first ever demigod child and probably send the other Olympians after her. Or the Fates would try to shorten Melia's life. Heck, the Furies, or the Friendly Ones, could come and snatch the silver-haired babe away. She had to return to Olympus, as to not raise suspicions. Some people may see it as an unfair thing; Zeus is unfaithful to Hera, but Hera's bound to him. But as the mortals say; a promise is a promise. "Doon," she called to her "other" lover. "I must return to Olympus. The summer solstice is coming, and I must be there for the meeting." "I understand." he nodded. He didn't go crazy about the whole Greek thing. Instead, he'd laugh it off as if it was nothing. "Hm." The immortal woman returned to Olympus, leaving Melia and Doon behind. They lived in Olympia, Washington (oh, the irony), which was on the other side of the country, but of course, it was no problem for her. Doon had also said something about moving closer to New York, specifically, somewhere in Rhode Island. (A/N: I'm sorry, but since I'm not American, I don't know any city in Rhode Island or whatever.) Summer solstice had gone by like any other summer solstice; something, or someone, was missing or ran late, there was a big fight between Artemis and Aphrodite about getting married was a good or bad thing, the sorts. The goddess had decided to visit Camp Half-Blood a day before the solstice, and visited Chiron the centaur and Dionysus, who still watched over the camp. Now, remember, the year here is around the mid-late 20th century, so Percy Jackson, Annabeth and the eldest of the Big Seven would be around the age of 3. Nico and Bianca are still waiting at the Lotus Casino and Hotel, Hazel was still dead, the Great Prophecy of Gaia's awakening had yet to be told. The Oracle remained still inside a corpse, and satyrs were still on the search for Pan. It went well; nobody suspected a thing or questioned Hera. It went on like this until Melia was 13. Hera had left when Melia was 3, but still watched over Doon and her toddler. She had even visited them. But after the second Titan War broke out, she couldn't risk Melia's life anymore, because Poseidon had also broken an oath and had Percy. Percy and Annabeth were 15, and she had visited him, Grover and Annabeth in the Labyrinth. She was bitter when Annabeth claimed the goddess only wanted a perfect family, resulting throwing Hephaestus off of Olympus. It was not true. That same year, earlier on, though, the house in Rhode Island, in which Doon and Melia had lived in, had burned down. Doon passed away and Melia was about to be put in the foster care system. But Hera intervened. She summoned wolves and a small group of lone demigods who took in Melia. If Hades or the judges were to see her loved ones life, she knew she would be in trouble. Though Hades didn't favour Zeus, her brother could've easily snitched on her. The girl trained hard and become a master at the bow, guns full of Celestial Bronze ammo, and pegasus rider. Her past was revealed, though, she wasn't claimed. She made friends with the band of half-bloods; Jasmine, daughter of Hermes, Myriam, daughter of Dionysus, Colin, son of Demeter and Christopher, son of Morpheus. Her friends were her companions and the wolves were her family. They each had a sad history of their own. But none knew about Camp Half-Blood. Years passed until she was 16. The war against Gaia was over, and Leo came back. She was on a small quest with Myriam when they both ran into the Hunters of Artemis, who were also on this quest. They were hunting down a stray hellhound who was on a rampage. Melia was just about to shoot a bullet through its head before an arrow struck it and the canine turned to dust. Growing up, Melia became very competitive, yet still friendly, so when she saw a spiky raven-haired girl dressed in camo clothes with an bow in hand, quiver strapped to the back and other girls dressed in a similar fashion following behind, along with some timber wolves and hawks that were on some of their arms, she became quite offended. "Hey! My friend and I here had this all under control, so what's the deal, lady?!" Melia yelled out. Another girl, a blonde, in camo clothes stepped up. "How dare ye speak to our lieutenant thy way!" "At ease, Celine," the spiky-haired girl said, her silver tiara sparkled. "She is right, it seems like this was under control." She than looked at the two outcasts. "Who are you? I've never seen you at Camp Half-Blood nor at Camp Jupiter before." "What's Camp Half-Blood?" Myriam frowned. "You're a demigod, are you not?" the hunter raised a brow. "How could you see through the Mist?" "The what?" Melia asked. The hunter girl sighed. "First, I should introduce myself. I'm Thalia Grace, daughter of Zeus, lieutenant to the Hunters of Artemis." Melia's eyes widened slightly. "So, you're one of us?" "If you mean a demigod, than yes, I am." "So, there's more of us?" Myriam asked shyly. "More of you?" Thalia started to laugh. "There's like, a whole army of demigods!" "Really?" the two non-hunter females asked simultaneously, shocked. They had never seen another demigod before, so this was a surprise. "Yes! Roman and Greek demigods! Camp Half-Blood for the Greeks and Camp Jupiter for the Romans! I'm surprised you're not... you know..." Thalia trailed off. "Who raised you?" "Well, the wolves did and three other demigods. After my father died in a house fire, four kids, including Myriam here, and a pack of wolves took me in when I was 13. I've never met my mother, though." "I ran away when I was 7." Myriam explained softly. Thalia flinched slightly. Annabeth was the