Hello everyone! Two different kind of notes before we start. First, about the story: I read and really liked Cursed Child. I, sadly, did not like what the narrative decided for the character of Delphi (a character I liked and found fascinating even if heatbreaking) and I have all kinds of problems with page 314 of the scriptbook and the adults!characters behaviour. I knew I wanted to change that outcome but doing so in a post- or during-canon fic... it would've been too late for lots of changes and I settled for the current project, a set of different narrative "arcs", similar to the japanese light novel medium style. Second and probably more important: although I believe I'm presenting a readible piece, English is not my native language and this is the first time I write fiction in it. I did my best, but it's likely that some sentences will be affected by the italian structure and other problems that escaped me. For that, I apologize in advance. Comments, osservations and critics over plot/character's actions/language are more than welcome, but I'll be grateful for everyone who will decide to just spend some of their time reading it. Enjoy! CHAPTER 1 The echo unforseen It had been a quiet, normal day for Harry Potter. No raids. No arrests. Just training, paperwork and supervision of the new recruits. Ginny was off for a two-days training camp so he had to leave early and start cooking right away, otherwise James'd make a scene. He'd only hope his little monsters hadn't driven Andromeda crazy. He had just started packing when one of the fireplaces glowed and Neville rolled out of it, his expression deadly serious. "Harry! Thank Dumbledore you're still here! We'll need more people as possible" So much for getting home early. "Neville, calm down. What happened?" "Old acquaintances up to something" he said, clearly upset. Not good. Harry sighed and braced himself "Alright. Who?" "Death Eaters" Well. Shit. Only years of training and experience helped him recover as fast as he did. "Alright, let me contact Andromeda, I'd to ask her if she can look after the boys a little longer, or ask Molly if she can't. Ten minutes and I'll be yours". He dropped packing and headed for the closer fireplace. "Gotcha. I'll get all the veterans and chief. Drop a word to Kingsley too, you can never tell if he'll wants in" "Any idea of how bad it'll get? Any info?" asked Harry while getting a handful of floo. "An entire mansion out of nowhere. Dark spells and curses to hide it. Vayra said she recognized Euphemia Rowle. Overheard about "projects" already in motion. Doesn't sound good, does it?" No, it didn't. At all. "Big chances to go pretty bad pretty fast, then. Go warn Hermione's Department too, now that you're at it. I'd rather not have to deal alone against chimeras or Hagrid knows what else". "Yeah, better to avoid a disaster like with Morgenstern's bloody manticore pet. I still get the nightmares" And with that last reassuring bit, Neville disapparated. Harry threw the floo at the fireplace and shouted "Harry and Ginny Potter's home, London, Albion Street" before putting his head into the green flames. A little pop, the brief sensation of clogged ears, and he was looking at his living room, Teddy right in the middle of the carpet with James rolling over his back and… "Harry!" a worried female voice irrupted in the room and after few seconds Andromeda Tonks appeared in front of him, lowering herself to his level "What's wrong?". "Emergency" he lowered his voice to a murmur "Neville's got info of Death Eaters being up to something. We'll have a briefing within next minutes, and I don't know when I'll be back home. I hate to ask…" "Don't even try it, Harry. Teddy and I will stay for all the time necessary" she smirked "It isn't as they'll be sad to have more hours to play together, is it?". "Too true. Thank you, Andromeda. Send James and Albus my love" Feeling uneasy Harry retreated from the fire, back in a office now full of his colleagues. "Welcome back, Potter. Warned home?" Harry stood up and met the Head of Aurors, Kingsley at his side. Called it. "Done, chief. I'm ready" Duncan nodded and barked an "Attention!" that silenced every ongoing chatter "Good, gentlemen. Every one at their desk and eyes on the blackboard. Longbottom, if you please". For a moment the office was a mess, men and women clashing one with another while reaching their posts. Then, a perfect silence. Neville was standing alone in front of their biggest blackboard, already covered with maps and notes on parchment. "Since most of you have only heard "Death Eaters" before rushing here, let me give you a better brief. One of my best informants" here he looked at Duncan, he nodded and Neville went on "contacted me not even an hour ago. She had personally witness something that required the Auror's utmost attention and wanted us to meet in person. I'll make it short: today she was camping in the forest near Ravenscar when she saw an entire mansion, a Malfoy Manor sized one, her words, pop out of nowhere, garden and grove included. It was inhabited, there were people chatting on the outside while restoring protection and concealment spells. Lucky us, she was able to get near enough to recognize at least one person and overhear them. She recognized Euphemia Rowle; the family's infamous enough for us all, Euphemia herself was never legally persecuted, she was no Death Eater, and we knew she lived retired in the family official mansion. I've checked, and no Ministry logs register a magical residence near Ravenscar" Neville took his first breath "Rowle and her companions were talking about how something was "growing well" and would've been prepared enough in few years. They were arguing over the time gap and according to Vayra, Rowle was talking about a little more than ten years or "it will be too young to succeed". She pinned the location, left and rushed right to me. I have the map with the exact coordinates right here" he pointed the one on the blackboard before facing them again "I could trust Vayra with my life, she've proven herself countless times and both chief and the Minister known her: I believe we should act as soon as we can". Kingsley was the first to break the silence "I agree with Longbottom. This'd have been bad enough if ex Death Eaters were only hiding a mansion, but if they are working on something, and it seems that whatever it is started long ago, we won't act as soon as we can, we'll act immediately. Everyone in their best gear, and bring with you first aid potions. Gathering point in the hall of this Office, we'll depart within thirty minutes". He disapparated, likely to inform his staff of the Minister future whereabouts. "Alright men, you heard the Minister, so get ready! Potter, Longbottom, to me" Harry rushed to his side, Neville on his tracks. They were led in a corner, away from their colleagues crow. "Neville, once again: well done. Now go get your and Harry's gears; Harry, you go check if Granger and her team are ready. Give them advice if they need it". It was Harry's turn to nod and apparate away, right at the Magical Creatures's Department's door. He was about to knock when the door was smashed open from the inside and a hand grabbed him. It was Hermione, shouting instructions left and right while dragging him along. Harry had been in her Department before, but he'd never really appreciated the silencing charm put on the door as much as now. There were at least a dozen different creatures, all screaming, and two dozen of wizards and witches, half of them in raid gear and half busy controlling the creatures. And that was only the main hall! "We were waiting for Aurors to show up, glad it's you Harry, come help us finalizing the details". "Wait, have you guys being already informed of everything?" "Yes, we were able to hear Neville and Kingsley from the Head's office. And I believe Kingsley's absolutely right, better to strike now than risk having them transfer somewhere else, although Syda and others disagree" They were arrived, it seemed. The largest desk of the hall, covered with potions, protective paddings for clothes, parchment with description and drawings of diverse creatures and dozen others thing he couldn't recognize, with Hermione's usual team all around it debating. She pushed him right in front of that mess. "We've taken griffon and hyppogriffs and respective countermeasures into consideration. Dragons?" "Hermione! There'll be no dragon, there's no space or way to hide it, not even if they're keeping secret part of the forest. Do include the possibility of a chimaera or a manticore, tho" he spotted one of the youngster trying to interrupt him and raised a hand "Yes, I know that they're greek and very rare. But please, do try and say to chief that find a british dark wizard with a manticore is "unlikely". He and his scar'd like to disagree". Silence followed and it was up to Syda "I disagree but will tag along to save your assess" Adrisi retake the situation in hand. "Manticore and chimaera to add, alright. Everyone, go grab the necessary, and let's try to bring at least twenty of us. Those creatures must not be undervalued." She turned to face him "Potter, first, thanks, second, now get out of the way and back to your office, we'll be on time". Harry nodded and apparated away, puzzled. And I'd always thought Hermione was bossy! At 7 pm and not a second later, the Auror's Office main hall was crowded by at least forty or forty five people, so quiet that you could've heard a pin drop. Harry was standing with his team, near Terry Boot's, both of them nodding at various silent greetings. On such rare occasions, people known to have fought in the Battle draw more attention and since they inspired security in others, were usually distributed in different teams. They were the Aurors "tested in fiendfyre", as the saying went. Kingsley and Duncan were standing shoulder to shoulder on a floating platform; Neville, with them, was busy sending flying notes with the coordinates, a list of useful tracking spell and safety advices to every participant. Harry memorized the note and waited. "Last words of advice, everyone! We'll now reach Ravenscar city via Apparition and approach the exact point with brooms to avoid informing the Death Eaters of our arrival. Once at our destination, Blishen's team will open a breach in the protection spells. Five squads, mine, the Minister's, Boot's, Longbottom's and Potter's will infiltrate, the rest of you will stay outside, cast an anti apparition spell to cover the entire area and be ready to catch whoever will manage to escape us. Three Auror and at least two members of the Creatures Department for each team, and for the love of God and Dumbledore, do not wander alone and absolutely do not engage the enemy alone. The first one I'll see try something so stupid will regret it dearly. I don't care how much experience you have, how brave you feel: do not, at no time, try to take on a Death Eater by yourself". All forty five nodded in a perfect silence. As Duncan had predicted during the flight, break down the concealment and protection spells was proving to be a long process. They couldn't face the risk of having the inhabitants suspect a thing, so counter spells had to be precise and subtle, to outflank and bypass rather then make everything collapse with a boom. And while Richard and his team were working, Harry and the others could only sit and wait. He hated it. The war had ended not even ten years