A/N: This OS came roaring through my brain the other night and WOULD NOT let go of me until I wrote it down. I don't feel this is one of my better works but definitely one of my more persistent. ;) As always, SM owns Twilight and the characters. I'm just playing with a little What If. The road passed by me at what should have been an alarming rate but I couldn't bring myself to care. The sooner I made it out of the drippy, vampire overrun, depressing state of Washington, the better. I finally made the decision to leave and I was embracing it with every fiber of my being. I have needed this release, this freedom for a very long time. Graduating from the University of Washington with a degree in Forest and Wildlife Management had been my ticket out. The day I was offered my first job, I jumped on it. I didn't care where it took me as long as it wasn't here. The clouds overhead went dark, bringing the constant threat of rain to reality as I was nearing the state line into Oregon. I refused to look back over my shoulder. Nothing was making me go back. Beyond my mom and Seth, I had no reason to reconsider my actions. As the first raindrops started to fall on my visor, I let my mind wander over everything that had happened. Sam had imprinted on my cousin, seriously breaking my heart. Dad was dead. I phased into a wolf, effectively making me part of Sam's Pack, which was its own form of Hell all in itself. Everyone imprinted around me, watching as they found their soul mates through some mystical intervention. I hated imprinting with a fucking passion. I wasn't going to fool myself. There would be no perfect guy for me. I had allowed myself to wallow in a pit of loneliness and despair for a very, very long time, turning my every word and thought into spite and rage. My pack wrote me off as a hateful bitch, but what it proved to me was something more. None of them had truly made much of an effort to get to know me, to know why I was so angry all the time. With the exception of one. Embry. Not a year ago, we both decided to make our own futures instead of waiting for the Great Spirit to point us in the right direction. We were sitting around yet another bonfire late one night when we realized that we were the only ones not paired up. Everyone else had either left or was busy wrapping themselves up entirely in their mate. I looked at him. He looked at me. Mentally, we both said "Fuck this." Then that night went down in the history books for both of us. Both of us howling as we made love under the full moon in a rocky alcove on First Beach. Neither of us really expected anything to come of our moment of lust at first. That night turned into six months of hungry eyes and almost nightly love making wherever we decided to do so. We enjoyed each other's company and the sex was simply amazing when we both came to terms with the fact that it was sex for sex's sake, no obligations, no ties. We lost ourselves in each other's bodies, forgetting the loneliness that had once smothered us. As time passed and what had started out as just a physical release started to slowly evolve into something more. I noticed that Embry always put me in front of him when it came time to load up our plates with food over at Sam's place. He never once made me feel like I was a consolation prize or the last wall flower left at a Pack gathering. His soft words would calm me. His tender touch could soothe me. I slowly began to believe that we belonged together…for the long run. Then, everything changed. In a split second, my life was shattered into a million pieces. Embry had run into Forks to get a car part for Jake. He was headed back to the Rabbit, ready to go back to the res, when it happened. He heard someone trip to his right, dropping things out of a bag. Kindness was ingrained in every pore of that boy. He turned, immediately bending over to help the person gather up the items, the apple that was threatening to roll away. Embry turned his head to return the apple in his hand. His eyes caught hers and the imprint took hold. Katie was his. I was nothing now but a memory…. With a growl and a mental shake, I sped my bike up. I did not need to be doing this to myself. I had a long ride ahead of me. The Smoky Mountains of Tennessee were destined to be my new home. I had accepted their Forest Ranger position. Apparently, they had seen on my resume that I was native and jumped on the opportunity to have me work for them. I didn't hesitate and I sure as hell would not look back. This was the change that I craved. A year later… "Ok, Monica, all you need to do is lock up for the night. You got it, girl?" I smirked over at her. She was a middle aged, country girl, happily married and had become my best friend. "Hell yeah, I got this. You go on and grab yourself a tall, dark and handsome tonight." Monica wiggled her eyebrows at me. "Don't forget to give me details on Monday!" She laughed as I made for the door. "You do know that your husband probably wouldn't care much for you indulging so often in the sordid details of my one night stands?" I lean against her desk. "I mean Perry is a great man but there's not a man out there that doesn't have his own set of insecurities." I raise a brow at her. "Psssht….don't you worry none about me and Perry." She leaned forward at her desk like she was going to share a deep dark secret. "My man doesn't care if I look at the menu…as long as I don't order." Monica shuffled some papers, tidying up her desk. "Now go on before all the good ones get taken." With a snort and a wave of my hand, I head out the door. Monica was incorrigible but I couldn't admit that she had done wonders for my ego. She had grown up a local girl in a family of 6 boys. She could put up with my "cranky" side as she called it without ever showing any intimidation or fear. In fact, she did the opposite when my anger grew, threatening to explode all over the place. Rather than stand down to avoid the wrath that was sure to come, she got in my face, giving as good as she got. I had to admire her moxy. She was like a bulldog, not giving up or in. Within a month, we were close friends. Her kids thought of me as their aunt since they had nothing but uncles and not once did I complain. It felt nice to have a family feeling now and then without any of the ties or responsibilities that normally came with it. I walked into my small apartment just outside of the Pigeon Forge city limits; my hands automatically unzipping my jacket as I started to come out of my uniform. I enjoyed my job, working with the land and the people, bringing harmony to them both as much as I could. I enjoyed the tours that I gave as I walked through the reserve, pointing out both flora and fauna with a now expert hand. As the days turned into weeks and months here, it was if I could feel my heart begin to heal. I was beginning to feel whole again. One other great aspect of my job was that I had immediate access to a very large forest allowing me to phase whenever I needed. I normally phased in on Monday nights to touch base with Jake back home. He had stepped as Alpha after I left which made keeping in touch with the Pack much easier. We had learned quickly that the distance did not break our pack bond. At first, Jake with his usual cheerful demeanor chattered on about what was going on at the res but he soon learned that I had no interest in keeping up with anyone outside of him, Seth and mom. Then, our conversations became routine and….well, expected. *flashback to last Monday* Hey Jake. What's up Lee? Did you find any rabid squirrels this week? He teased. That was a onetime occurrence, Jake. I think I'm the only one who's ever been charged by a squirrel who was frothing at the mouth and ready to go for my jugular. I couldn't help but chuckle at the memory of that little tree rat as it tried its best to jump up at me with a frenzied look in its eyes. Jake went quiet, keeping his mind clear of the current memories of our pack family. Instead, he focused his eyes on the res, specifically the street where our house sat. Through him, I could see that mom had been hard at work in her flower gardens again or the fact that Seth had finally talked mom into letting him get a motorcycle. It did my heart good to see that they were doing well. I sighed, my heart calming the small twinge of homesickness that would pop up now and then. When are you coming home Lee Lee? We miss you. I stopped by a stream for a drink, sitting down on my haunches with a huff. I'll let you know, Jake. Take care of yourself, ok? Then, I felt him phase out. The night time was slowly turning into dawn as I sat by that stream, simply watching my surroundings and thinking. Unable to bring myself out of my thoughts, I wondered if I would ever go back to what I had once called home. *end flashback* Walking into the bar, I remove my bandana from my head and brushed my hand over my hair. The wonderful thing about having been "blessed" with Native American hair is that it almost always looked great, even if it was windblown. Not that I was there to impress anyone, I only came in to unwind. I feel the tension roll off of me as I heard my name called from the bar. "Hey Leah!" Nate called with a grin. He greeted me the same way every week as he poured another beer from his post behind the bar. He knew all of the regulars. I had been coming to this watering hole every Friday night since I had settled into my apartment. I preferred Two Rivers Bar because it was relaxed and did not have that air of desperation that I could feel at most any other place nor was it a tourist trap. I knew that here, I could be me, Leah Clearwater, and no one judged. "Here you go, hon." He slid a shot of tequila with a Corona chaser in front of me as I took my favorite spot along the bar. I liked being able to see the door and the small performance stage at the same time. "Thanks Nate." Settling into my seat, I picked up my shot and tilted it back. My eyes closed as the burn hit my throat momentarily. Leaning forward, I picked up my beer with a smile as I relaxed into the familiar atmosphere. Nate leaned against the bar with a playful grin. "When are you going to marry me, Leah?" He asked me every week. I knew he was interested in me but he knew that I was