A/N: This one shot was written for the latest Tricky Raven contest. I'm quite happy with how it turned out! :) Disclaimer : All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Promise Me Sun light shines through the meadow as I wander through. The birds are singing and a soft breeze floats through the trees on this spring day. I raise my face to the sun, smiling back at it, when I hear someone humming softly. I turn to my right to see not too far away, a young girl making a daisy chain out of the wild flowers surrounding her. I walk in her direction. You can feel the joy and happiness radiating from her as her hands continue to add more flowers to her chain. Stopping a few feet from her, I watch for a moment before introducing myself. "Hi, I'm Quil." A pair of big, beautiful, brown eyes look up at me. She is close to my age, about six years old. Her eyelashes flutter as her eyes adjust to the bright light shining from behind me. Then, she smiles. "Hi, I'm Bella." "Whatcha doing, Bella?" I sit down beside her, wanting to get to know my new friend. Stretching my legs out in front of me, I watch her nimble fingers work quickly and efficiently. "I'm making a crown of flowers." She replies with the slightest lisp. "I love flowers like my momma did." Picking up another flower, she decides that the color is all wrong before putting it down in favor of another yellow one. "Where's your momma?" I pick a blue flower and hand it to her. Bella takes the flower, twirling it in her finger for just a moment, lost in thought. Her eyes become sad. "She's gone. Uncle Billy says she's with the Great Spirit now." "Oh…..then she's with my daddy. He's there too." I look up at the clouds, remembering the story that Grandfather told me about where my father went after he died. "Do you think they're friends up there with the Great Spirit?" She looks up at the blue sky, her eyes brimming with unshed tears. It's clear to me that she misses her momma very much. "Yes, they're friends." I reply with the certainty born of youth and innocence. "We'll be friends too and that way, they will be even more happy." I nod, believing that our parents would approve. "Then, we'll be the bestest of friends." Bella's mood lifts and she smiles. Adding one more flower to her chain, she finishes off the end. Lifting the fragile crown, she is about to put it on her head. "Here…let me." Taking the flowers from her gently, I kneel before her with a playful grin. "You are now Princess Bella, the most beautiful girl in the land." I set the flower crown on her head. She blushes and covers a giggle. "Quil, you're silly." The afternoon carries on. Bella and I laugh and talk about our pretend kingdom, making up elaborate stories of evil dragons and knights in shining armor. We lose ourselves in our imaginations. "Quil! Time to come home for dinner!" My mom calls from the back porch. My house is just on the other side of the meadow. Her voice is agitated. "Coming, Momma!" I stand, not wanting to leave my new friend. On impulse, I pick a pretty little purple flower and hand it to Bella. She takes the flower, looking up at me. "My crown is finished. Why did you hand me another flower?" Bella tries to hand it back to me but I shake my head. "You keep it and promise me you won't forget. You're my Princess Bella." I continue with our previous story line, grinning at her. She laughs, her entire face lighting up again. "I won't forget, my brave Knight Quil. I promise." "Quil Ateara, NOW!" My mom's anger echoes across the meadow. "Well, I've got to go. I'll see you next time." With one last grin, I turn, heading for home. And so our friendship began - with innocent, impromptu play dates and lazy afternoons of slaying dragons or saving the helpless princess. (Eight years pass…) Our friendship continues. Gone are the days of dragons, knights and princesses. Now, we talk about anything and everything - music, school, friends, and family. We are as close as two friends could be. One afternoon after school, we're walking back home the long way, winding our way along the river bank. As we hop from rock to rock, I sense a change in Bella. She's not her normal chatty self. Instead, it seems that she's holding something back from me. I can feel it in my bones. "Bella, what's wrong?" I stop, balancing on a rock, giving her a side glance. She hops to the next rock in front of her, unknowingly putting some more distance between us. "Um….how well do you know Jacob Black?" A light blush crosses her cheeks. I stop, giving her a curious look. "Pretty well, I guess. Why?" My brows furrow as I try to figure out what is going on. She looks down at the ground, kicking a rock lightly with the toe of her Converse, watching as it hits the water. She mutters. "I think he's cute." My heart stops. She's…interested in him? She's my Princess, not his! I push my feelings aside. I've never spoken of my feelings for her. I did not want to ruin what we already had. Our friendship is too precious to me. "Oh." What a genius response Ateara! Ugh…. Turning back towards the river bank, I see a patch of buttercups. I pick one and hand it to her. She takes it, lifting it to her nose. "Why did you hand me another flower?" This little scenario has been a routine of ours. I've handed her countless flowers over the years. My nerves kick in and I have a hard time replying to her simple question. I know what my heart wants to say to her but I can't get the words out of my mouth. "I don't want you to forget about me." I look down at my feet, my cheeks tinged pink. "Forget about you, Quil? I could never do that. You're my best friend." Her eyes become sad for just a moment before she blinks that emotion away. "Come on Bella, I can tell that you're already falling head over heels for Jake." I shove my hands in to my pockets out of frustration. "Just promise not to forget me….ok?" "I won't, Quil. I promise." They've been dating for the better part of a year now. We don't hang out like we used to. In fact, I rarely get to see her alone at all because they're so wrapped up in each other. I can't stand to see the two of them together, the way he makes her smile or laugh. I can feel a vice squeezing on my heart every time she mentions his name when we do get a chance to talk. It's just not fair. Leaving school one afternoon, I sling my back pack up onto my shoulder, wondering if I can stay awake long enough to finish reading Frankenstein for Lit class. It's the most boring book ever. Monsters… seriously? Mr. Terry couldn't find anything better for us to read? With a sigh, I round the bend as I turns down the road towards my home. Suddenly, I hear yelling by the big oak at the corner. It's Jake and Bella. When did he get so big? Man … he's huge . I stop several yards away, not wanting to interrupt or interfere. "But why, Jake? Why do you want to break up with me?" Bella yells back at him, tears streaming down her face. Her body language tells me that her heart is breaking before my very eyes. "I can't do this anymore. It's not you, it's me." He fires back with eyes full of fury. "Go home Bella and don't come back." With that, he runs towards the woods without so much as a good-bye. I watch as the girl I love drops to her knees with her face in her hands, sobs wracking her body. A light rain begins to fall. I can't leave her here. "Bella, come on. Let me get you home." I gently touch her shoulder. "You'll get sick if you stay out here in the rain." She lets me help her up and we head over to her house. Walking through the door, I decide that I need to do something to cheer her up. Leading her to the couch, I take a seat, pulling her with me. "Let's watch your favorite movie." I offer, giving her an encouraging smile. "I'll even make you some popcorn…." Bella raises her face to look at me. Her cheeks are tear stained, her eyes red and puffy. She nods with a sniffle. "I'd like that." I know exactly where to find it. We've watched this movie at least a billion times through our childhood. Whenever she was having a rough day or was sad because she missed her mom, she would ask to watch Bambi again. The fawn's loss of his own mother helped her as Bambi began to find a way to live his life again, bringing my Bella hope. I know without a shadow of a doubt that this will bring her smile back. I pop the DVD into the player before heading to the kitchen for the popcorn. Several minutes later, I come back with the large bowl in hand to see her curled up under an afghan, quoting the lines from the movie. The scene of Bambi with Flower is on the screen, one of her personal favorites. "Pretty….pretty flower." She repeats the lines to me before she pats the spot next to her. I hand the bowl of popcorn to her and claim my spot next to her, settling into the cushions. Within minutes, she snuggles into my side and leans her head on my shoulder, holding the popcorn bowl on our laps between us. Grabbing a handful, an idea comes to me that makes me grin. I know how to keep a smile on Bella's pretty face. Later that night, after I know that she has gone to bed, I sneak back to her place with a surprise for her in my hand. Checking around the corner of her house, I see that her bedroom light is out for the night. Carefully, I tip toe over to the flower box that sits right outside her window, placing a single flower with a note in a prominent spot so she will be sure to see it. Sliding off to the side out of sight, I tap lightly on her window and then run as quiet as I can to hide back around the corner. I see her light flip on and hear her walking towards the window to check on that tapping noise. Then, her window opens. She picks up the flower to read her note. "Promise me that you won't forget…" She whispers softly into the night, a soft smile playing across her face. "I won't. I promise." From that point on, I make it my nightly mission to leave her another flower. Sometimes, it's a daisy, sometimes a buttercup, but I never miss my nightly delivery. I no longer tap on her window before I leave because I don't want her to miss out on sleep but I know that she always takes her flower. It's never there when I come back the next night. Instead, I see it placed in a pretty little vase, place prominently on the table by her side