A/N: So, reading through every fandom that peaks my interest may not be the best idea. I keep getting all these ideas for stories I want to write. And I usually end up doing so... Anyway, this is a Percy Jackson AU story, where his mother is killed by his abusive stepfather Gabe and he is taken in by an ancient god. I've read a couple where Percy is adopted or cared for by another god or goddess and it completely changes his life. The best two that come to mind are Intertwined Destinies and The Queen's Champion , both by Anaklusmos14, a very talented writer. Before anyone asks, Aurelius is an OC, not an original Greek God. If somewhere there is a god named Aurelius, this probably isn't him. Aurelius is adapted from 'aurum', which is Latin for 'gold'. WARNING: Mentions of child abuse and language. That's why it's rated 'T'. Okay, that's all there is besides the disclaimer. So read and enjoy, and if you like it leave a review! Disclaimer: Percy Jackson and all related characters belong to Rick Riordan. Only Aurelius and all OOCness belong to me. Line break Prologue: Son of Power, Son of Gold Percy's POV I run as fast as I can, stumbling only once on my bad leg. I was pretty proud; usually I get tripped a lot more than that when I run. But usually I don't have to run as fast as this. Even on his worst days I never ran as hard as I am now. The streets of Manhattan are crowded today, despite how cold it is out. It's late November, and winter is really close. I think I heard someone on the TV say it might snow tonight. I don't want it to snow tonight. I'll be cold, outside. It doesn't really look like snow either. The storm clouds are too fat, and I can hear thunder start to rumble. The crowds don't notice me running through them. They look only at themselves, or their phones, or the sky, or each other. They never look down and see the 7-year old boy running alone, tears of fear on his face. I don't want to cry. Whenever I cry he hits me, but that just makes me cry more, which makes him hit me more. It's a vicious cycle. I learned just not to cry in the first place, but that only stopped maybe a fifth of the beatings. But I can't help it; I'm too afraid of the monsters. I risk a glance behind me, but the monster is still following me. I can see it, but no one else can. They let out funny laughs or cute coos at the sight of it. "Someone let a dog loose?" "Aww, look at the pretty poodle!" "Hey, someone get a leash on that mutt!" All these shouts hit my ears as I run away. They can't see the monster, but I can. It is as big as a large dog. But it isn't a dog. The mouth is huge, full of drooling, gnashing, razor sharp teeth. The fur is pitch black and ragged, showing patches of burnt pale skin. But the eyes are the scariest part. They glow red, like they're full of fire. I try and lose it, ducking into a small alley that smells like trash and urine. Suddenly changing directions helped before, it made the monster confused. But not this time. The monster sniffs the ground outside the alley as I try to hide behind a dirty dumpster. It slowly enters the space between the two buildings, head to the ground, locking on to my scent. I back up slowly, but my bad leg drags and makes a scraping sound. The monster's head shoots up, its ears slide back and its flaming eyes narrow onto me. A low, scratchy growl emits from the monster's throat. I keep going backwards, but I trip on a beer bottle. I'm usually better at not stepping on them; when I do he makes me pick up the glass with my bare hands. After grinding his own feet into them, making them into far more numerous razor sharp shards, of course. I land on my butt, hard. I scoot backwards, until to my horror I find my back against the wall. "Help! Someone, please help!" I scream as hard as I can. But I'm too far away from the sidewalk for anyone to hear me over the sounds of New York. That, or no one cares. Probably the latter. My throat hurts from the yell, only further irritating the roughness left over from my sobbing. And both of those only reopen the cuts on the inside of my throat, from when he made me swallow a shot glass before hitting me and breaking it. I didn't mind that one as much, though. He had to take me to a hospital, and he couldn't hit me for six days as my throat healed with all the nurses and doctors around. But when we got home he made me pay for all the money the hospital cost... I don't think the six days were really worth it. The monster is getting closer now, saliva dripping from its maw. When it hits the ground it sizzles. I start to cry again. I really don't want to die. "Go 'way!" I shout at the monster. But it keeps coming forward, and I swear it's smiling at me. I close my eyes; I don't want to look anymore. I can smell its breath, more horrible than any scent I've ever smelled before. Dying won't be so bad, I tell myself. I'll see my mom again. And maybe my real dad. Mom said he wasn't dead, but I want him to be. Because if he isn't, then that means he left us alone on purpose. He left us alone with Gabe on purpose. Just as I'm sure I'm about to die, a flash of light fills my eyes, even though they're closed. I hear a loud thud, following a wet squelching noise, preceding a cut-off whine. I open my eyes again, and I don't believe what I see before me. The monster is slowly dissolving into golden dust, until nothing of its body is left; just piles of dust. Stuck into the ground, right where the monster's head was, is a golden sword. The sword is huge; it must be at least six feet long. The blade is wider than both of my hands side by side, with a shallow groove cut into the center, and is just about as thick as my good hand laid flat. There is no cross-guard, just the blade ending in a half circle before the handle sticks out. The handle is wrapped in leather, and is about a foot-and-a-half long. The pommel has a symbol shaped like an eight pointed star radiating from it. A pair of ribbons split off from where the leather meets the pommel. And the whole thing is golden. The blade is as gold as my mother's old necklace, before Gabe pawned it. The leather looks as soft as butter, and just a few shades darker. The pommel is the same color as the blade, darker than the leather. The two ribbons are the color of newly forged bullion, glowing with warmth and power. The entire surface of the weapon is engraved with row after row of strange symbols and characters. I slowly reach out with my left hand, my mangled fingers only a few inches away from the blade, when I hear a voice. "I wouldn't touch that, young one. The blade is still filled with power." I didn't see the man approach. I didn't hear the man approach. It was like he was suddenly just there . It was quite obvious the sword belonged to him; he was just as golden as the sword itself. His long hair was metallic gold, catching every ray of the poor lighting in the alley, making the neck-length strands glow. His skin was a caramel-like bronze, filled with an inner light. The clothing he wore was unusual; a long, thick overcoat the same color as the leather of the sword. The coat covered a sweater that looked like it was woven out of butter. His legs were covered by long, creased formal pants, matching the coat in color. He wore closed toe sandals that looked like they were made of solid gold. He was tall, at least six-and-a-half feet tall. He was also muscular, with wide shoulders a line-backer would be jealous of and arms and a torso that looked ripped from a magazine. But the most entrancing part of the stranger was his eyes. They looked like someone had taken two golden eagle dollars and slid them into his eye sockets. They glowed with an inner light and warmth that dwarfed the sun's pitiful attempts to breach the storm. The storm that had seemed to stop with the appearance of this man... "Are you all right, child?" His voice was odd. I expected someone so big to have a deep, angry voice. But his voice was soft, and kind. I don't know why, but it made me feel safe. "Th-that monster t-t-tried to e-eat me." I was still crying. I hoped he wouldn't hit me for it, like Gabe would. "B-but that s-sword killed it f-for me." I sniffled in as many tears as I could. He looked sadly at me, and I'm not sure why. But his voice was still the same, soft and kind, when he spoke again. "What is your name, my child?" I choked back another few tears so I could speak without trembling again. "Perseus Jackson." line break Aurelius' POV I can not help but feel pity for the young boy cowering before me. It is obvious he has no idea who, or even what he is. I had been soaring through the storm, conversing with some of the local storm spirits, absorbing the excess energy caused by the unseasonal lightning strikes. I had heard a child's cry on the breeze, and had flown closer for a look. Seeing an innocent child, so obviously in peril, stirred my heart. I had thrown my sword, Glorious , into the beast's skull, sending its essence back to Tartarus. The last traces of the Hellhound I slew finally fade away, and a stray breeze scatters the dust through the filthy alley. I take a good look at this boy, this Perseus, and I am infuriated and saddened even more by what I see. He is very young, perhaps seven or eight. His hair is black as charcoal, but it is messy and matted with what I hope isn't, but probably is, blood. His skin looks like it should be a healthy seaman's tan, but it is pale and sickly. His nose has been broken many times, and never set right; the bridge is swollen, and the tip is pointed to the right of his face, crooked by almost a few inches. His right leg is bent the wrong way, the calf at a 30 degree angle to the thigh, pointing to the right away from his body, starting at the knee. His left hand is also handicapped; the first and second fingers are curled in, while the thumb seems to not be able to move from the base of his ring finger. The last two fingers seem relatively unharmed, but the entire hand is covered in scars. Through the large holes in the tattered sweatshirt he is wearing I can see his ribs, showing through his skin. The skin I can see is all covered in scars, bruises, burns and cuts still fresh enough to glisten. But the worst part is his eyes. For the eyes of a child, they are full of too much pain and suffering. They are a deep sea-green in color, tickling my memory. He is afraid, afraid of something, probably