Hi everybody. I haven't been on this site in a REALLY long time, and I know a lot of people who are following me are waiting for more chapters of Bella of the Volturi. Honestly, I don't know if BotV is going to continue happening or not, but I can at least say that I will try to finish it. And sorry that it's taken so long. Anyway, I hope you all can enjoy this oneshot. It would take place in Eclipse sometime, I'm guessing in that whole last month of senior year where nothing really happens and Bella is trying to spend some time with human friends. The original plan was to go to the mall in Port Angeles with Jessica and Angela. Somewhere along the way, Lauren and her cousin got invited, and Angela bailed. So here I was now, being awkward and quiet in the back seat of Jessica's car. Jess was driving, Lauren was in shotgun, and the two of them were gobbling to each other like I didn't exist about every piece of gossip they could remember. I wondered how enough happened in other people's lives to sustain them talking to each other every day, and I wondered what they would be saying about me if they weren't at least semi-conscious that I could hear them. We were going to meet Lauren's cousin, Brienna, at the Port Angeles mall because she already lived there. Lauren had mentioned that some other girls Brienna went to school with might be there too, so now this was going to be a grand party of people I didn't know and might not like. I don't know how I get myself into these messes. I wanted to pull a book out of my bag and read, but I knew both of them would snap at me for being so rude, so I decided against it and looked out the window. The drive to the mall was an hour long, but it felt like three in the car with them. I wished, not for the first time, that I had driven myself up in my truck so that I could pretend I had somewhere to be and duck out early. But it looked like I was in this for the long run, so I decided to just brace myself and get it over with. We walked into the forever 21 and Lauren made a horrible, high-pitched squeal. A second later, it was matched by another, made by a girl who looked somewhat like Lauren. They ran to each other and hugged like they hadn't seen each other in years. I wondered how long it had been since they'd actually seen each other, and if they acted like that every time anyway. Jessica and I approached them. "Oh my god, did you get highlights?" Lauren was asking. "Yeah, I got them done a week ago. Aren't they, like, super cool?" Brienna flipped her hair, which was mousey brown with a few awkwardly placed white-blonde stripes. She nearly hit another customer in the face with it. Lauren acknowledged Jess and me, now. "This is Jessica," she said enthusiastically. Brienna shook her hand smiled, and said, "I love your skirt!" "Thanks, I got it here!" Jessica replied. Lauren turned to me now grudgingly, "and this is Bella." Brienna looked me up and down critically, and I wondered what Lauren had told her about me. "Hi," she said apathetically. Whatever she had heard, matched with apparently what she saw, she wasn't impressed. God I wanted to just be home. I could be curled up in bed with a book right now. Or better, curled up in bed with Edward. Or best, curled up in Edward with a book. Brienna, Lauren and Jess spent the next 45 minutes trying one nearly everything in the store. I sat in the chair outside the dressing room and 'ooh'ed and 'ahh'ed at everything as needed. Finally we left without buying anything. Lauren spearheaded the next adventure. "I hear they opened a new Abercrombie on level three." "Yeah," Brienna answered. "It's super cool. I was there the other week with Tasha. Let's go!" "Absolutely! I haven't been in an Abercrombie since I visited my grandparents in Seattle," Jessica said. She turned to Brienna, turning on her gossip-whisper voice. "It was horrible. The cutest boy lives next to my grandparents, but I was dating this guy, Mike, at the time–" "Oh my God, I hate that." Brienna agreed. "Like, I love having a boyfriend, but I hate not being able to keep looking, you know? I just dumped a guy two weeks ago because he got mad at me for flirting with waiters. I'm like, so what? It's just a couple waiters?" "That's stupid of him," Lauren said. "I hate it when guys get all weird and jealous." "Oh, I don't know," Jess said. "Sometimes it's cute when they're jealous." It was at that point I realized we were about to walk past a Barnes and Noble. I wondered if I just walked slower and stopped following them if they'd even notice. But Jess would probably be angry if I did, so I spoke up, "Hey, do you guys mind if I run in there?" I asked, pointing. Jess and Lauren glanced at each other in a way that made me think they'd already placed bets on how long I would last before I ran off, and Brienna looked at me confused. "Why? Do you need a book for a class or something?" The three of them were staring at me, and I knew Jess and Lauren weren't going to bail me out. I could feel my face turning red, and I had to remind myself that liking to read was not something I should be self-conscious about. "Uh, no. I just was going to pick up a couple new books," I explained lamely. Brienna still looked at me like I had a second head. "You know, for reading." Brienna look over at Lauren, who rolled her eyes and shrugged, then turned back to me a little distainfully. "Okay, well, we're meeting some other people in the food court in an hour. So… see you there, I guess." An hour of freedom! I wanted to fall to my knees and thanks the Lord for this gift, but instead I just said, "Okay," as nonchalantly as I could manage, and turned to leave before anybody changed their minds. They walked off in the other direction, leaning their heads in to talk in gossip-tines again, as I walked towards Barnes and Noble. Just as I entered the threshold of the store, I heard the three of them ring out in laughter, and I turned red again because I could feel in my spine that they had been talking about me. The hour passed too quickly, but I managed to find two new novels– one a love story and one about a man avenging his father's death. I didn't want to leave my haven, and I especially didn't want to spend any more time with Lauren and her cousin, but I walked towards the food court anyway. When I got there, I saw Brienna's too-bright highlights at a table with about five other girls. None of these girls were Lauren or Jessica, though. I thought about turning back and circling around in ten minutes, but Brienna caught my eye and now it was too late to back out. I walked over to the picnic-style table and sat down on the edge of one of the benches, next to Brienna. The girls all looked at me a little warily, but the dark haired one I'd sat across from smiled at me welcomingly. I guessed that Brienna had already told them all I was a weird bookworm who hadn't even tried anything on in Forever 21. Actually, with the hour alone she had with Jess and Lauren, she'd probably heard a thousand stories of my weirdness and shared those with her friends too. Once the girls got over my arrival, they launched back into their conversation. One of them was having a hard time with her boyfriend, because he never listened to her and she couldn't get him to stop playing call of duty unless she took her shirt off and even that was starting to fail her sometimes. The responses ranged in everything from, "Dump him and get a new boyfriend, girl. You're, like, super hot and you deserve better," to "If you want to keep a boy interested, you have to put out." Someone responded, "God Mila, you're such a slut!" to that last one. Finally, the consensus was reached that her boyfriend was too sexy to be dumped, and that the best way to keep his eyes off the screen and on her was to flirt with other boys around him so that he got jealous. I was about ready to begin banging my head on the table when someone said, "Oh my God, Soph, if want to make Bradley jealous with someone else, I just found the perfect candidate." Everyone's heads whipped around to where the girl was looking, and Sophie said, "Bradley who? I'll take one of him instead, please." I looked too, finally, and I saw the boy the girls were talking about. Tall, strong, beyond handsome, well dressed, bronze-haired, and yellow-eyed. Edward. He was standing with Alice, and they were laughing at something, probably they heard the same drivel I'd been listening too, and found it funny. I'd find it funny too, if I weren't stuck with it. "Wow, stare much, Bella?" I was broken out of my Edward-induced trance by one of the girls. "Huh? What?" I asked. Everyone at the table laughed, which made me blush uncomfortably, but even just knowing Edward was here made everything a little more bearable. I glanced back over at him, but he wasn't looking at me. Alice was explaining something excitedly to him. He smiled at her and mussed her hair. I wondered what they were talking about and why they weren't coming to rescue me yet. I brought my attention back to the table of girls, hoping to excuse myself, and I just barely caught the tail end of a conspiratorial smirk between Brienna next to me and the bleach-blonde girl, Mila, across from her. "You know, Bella," Mila started, speaking too sweetly, "I think you should go talk to him." I opened my mouth to agree, but Brienna cut me off. "Yeah! Go say hi. We'll even help you break the ice. His name is Ryan, and the black haired girl is his cousin, May. He's a soccer player, so talk to him about that." Brienna smiled at me with forced warmth, and I tried to add up her words. I couldn't figure out why she was lying to me until I saw some of the other girls trying not to snicker. They were trying to humiliate me. They wanted stupid, plain, gullible me to walk up to the hottest guy they'd ever even seen and make a fool of myself so that they could laugh about it. On the one hand, I wanted to tell them to stuff it because I knew they were lying. I could just tell them Edward was my boyfriend. I could prove it. I could walk up to him and kiss him and of course he'd kiss me right back and take me home and I would never have to put up with these horrible girls again. But suddenly, a different path became clear. "Do you really think he'd talk to me?" I asked, pretending to be shy about it. Brienna smiled– she thought she had me hook, line, and sinker. "Oh yeah, of course. He'd love to talk to you. And he's a big reader, too. You should tell him about the books you got today." Wow, so now she was hoping I would not only get his name wrong, and Alice's