Warnings, READ CAREFULLY AND DON'T SAY I DIDN'T WARN YOU: EXPLICIT SEXUAL CONTENT, UNDERAGE SEX(Hailey has sex for the first time at 13 years old), SEX WITH A MINOR AND OLDER GUYS AND MEN, PORN WITH SOME KIND OF PLOT, PROMISCUITY AND EXHIBITIONISM. BRAINWASHING - PETUNIA TURNS AN INNOCENT CHILD INTO A GIRL OBSSESSED WITH SEX AND ALWAYS IN SEARCH OF MALE ATTENTION. Other Warnings: Threesome - F/M/M, Oral Sex, Public Sex, Double Vaginal Penetration, Accidental Voyeurism, Sex Videos posted on the Internet, Vibrators, Nipple Piercing, Vagina Piercing, Vagina Tattoo, Nude Photos, Masturbation, Public Nudity, Public Blow Jobs, Public Hand Jobs, Public Masturbation, Multiple Partners, Sex Club, Sex Addiction, Anal Fingering, Anal Vibrator, Anal Play, Anal Sex. VeryOOC!FemHarry, Slytherin!FemHarry, Slut!FemHarry, Always-Horny!FemHarry, SEX-ADDICTED!FemHarry, Smart!FemHarry, Powerful!FemHarry, Unconsciously-Manipulative!FemHarry, Pretends-to-be-an-AirHead!FemHarry, EXTREMELY PRECOCIOUS!FemHarry. This story is AU, obviously. It's more Porn w/o Plot but you can find some vague plot in the story if you search hard enough. Actually, I know it doesn't seem so, but this story does have a plot, strange though it may seems, it'll just take a while to get there, especially since Hailey won't join the Wizarding World for a little while yet. Let's just say that these chapters serve as a way to show exactly how Hailey is as a character so that the (at-a-slow-pace) change in her will be more evident as the story continues. BTW I imagine a young Megan Fox as Hailey - but with larger breasts. HAILEY POTTER THE COCK SLUT Summary : Petunia and Vernon Dursley never married and they never had Dudley. Petunia has always wanted a child, a girl specifically, so when she finds Hailey Potter on her doorstep, the night of Halloween 2001, she's ecstatic. Petunia has never been pretty like her sister Lily and she has always found it difficult to have men interested in her. All the guys she had dated had left her when they had realized that she wouldn't have sex with them before being married. Because of this experience, Petunia has convinced herself that the only way to gain men's interest is to always be willing and eager to have sex with them. Petunia teaches this to Hailey because she doesn't want 'her little girl' to become a spinster like her. Hailey - following Petunia's advice - loses her virginity at 13. She soon becomes addicted to sex, willing to spread her legs for anyone who has a cock and that can give her an orgasm. When the Hogwarts letter arrives, bringing with it an enormous change in her life, Hailey is thrown into a very strange world where everybody there knows her name and has very set ideas on how she should be and how she should behave. They expect her to be the hero but all she has ever known is how to be a slut. At Hogwarts she will learn not only magic but also that she can use sex to her advantage. For the sake of this story, the Hogwarts Letter arrives at 14 years old, not 11. IN THIS STORY LITTLE WHINGING IS A LONDON DISTRICT. Main Pairing: FemHarry/Severus but in general FemHarry/Multi. Disclaimer: I'm not J. K. Rowling, ergo I don't own Harry Potter. I don't gain any money for writing this. I'm writing it just for fun. Just one more thing, I changed the story setting from the nineties to the 2010's. So Hailey is born in 2000, not 1980. Be aware that I'll erase every flame disguised as comment. This story is not a serious one, I'm not writing it because I approve of sex with a minor nor I am some kind of pervert or pedophile or whatever. This is fiction, it's not real. If some people writes about rape, it doesn't mean that they are rapist or they approve of rape. The good thing about fiction is that you can make do your characters whatever you want because they are NOT REAL. So, don't try to censure my work because I won't listen. If you don't like my story and don't want to read it, nobody will force you to, you're free to click the back button. For everyone who is interested, go on and leave me tons of comments about it. Prologue 31st October 2001 - 4 Private Drive, Little Whinging, London - Petunia Evan's Residence Petunia heard the crying first. It was the middle of the night and she wondered what was all this noise. She cautiously went towards the door and heard it again. It was the unmistakable sound of a baby wailing at the top of their lungs. For a second she wondered if she was dreaming but then she shook her head and opened the door. There, on her house's doorstep, there was a baby bundled up in a red blanket. She peered at it curiously and almost gasped in surprise when she noticed the baby's eyes. They were green like her sister Lily's were. She noticed soon after the letter half poking from the blanket and recognized immediately the handwriting, Albus Dumbledore's, Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. She realized what had happened then, her sister was dead and this was her daughter. Petunia and Lily weren't close by any stretch of the imagination but she had been invited to her sister's wedding and she had been with her in the hospital when Lily had given birth to Hailey Potter. Though she was a muggle, her sister Lily had kept her on the loop about the happenings in the Wizarding World and she was well aware of the threat the Dark Wizard Lord Voldemort posed to the entire World, not only to the Wizarding one. And she knew that her sister and her sister's husband were part of a group that fought against him, thing that put them and their daughter in extreme danger. Petunia had promised Lily that, in case of Lily's death, Petunia would take care of the baby like she was hers. Not that that promise had been difficult to make, Petunia had always wanted a child, a daughter particularly, but unfortunately she had never found a man interested enough in her to marry her. Petunia picked the baby up from the ground and smiled at her, humming a lullaby. She didn't remember the last time she had been so happy. This baby girl was hers now and Petunia would give her everything she would ever need and she would teach Hailey not to make the same mistakes she herself had made concerning men. She didn't want her daughter to end up an old spinster without a husband or a child. If she had anything to say about it, Hailey would become very popular with men, especially if she had inherit Lily's beauty. Chapter 1 3rd June 2006 - 4 Privet Drive, Living Room "Is that a penis, mom?" Hailey asked Petunia, watching in fascination the pictures her mother was showing her. "Yes, honey. And this" Petunia answered, showing her another picture "Is the vagina". "But it's different from mine mom. It's very hairy. Why is that?" "It's because this vagina belongs to a woman who has hit puberty". "You mean, when women develop breasts and such?" Hailey asked, her gaze fixed on the photo in her hands. "Yes, honey" Petunia said with a smile. "But I don't want my vagina to be this hairy. It's ugly" Hailey said with a pout. "Don't worry honey, as soon as you start develop hair down there, you'll do the Hollywood wax that will remove all your pubic hair. Men don't like pubic hair". "Yes mom" Hailey nodded, smiling once again. "Now, repeat what I told you. What you have to do to have men interested in you?" "Always be willing and eager for sex. Men don't like women who don't have sex. Oh, and my clothes need to scream 'ready for sex' too or it would be pointless". Hailey repeated obediently. "Very good honey" Petunia nodded approvingly. 10th August 2007 - Hailey's Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive Hailey was lying on her bed, bored out of her mind and browsing through a gossip magazine absentmindedly until she noticed a picture of a model, of about 14 years old, wearing a bikini. The model's face was not particularly beautiful - in fact Hailey was much more beautiful than her - but her body was slender and perfect and not at all flat-chested like most models were. Actually, for having fourteen years old, she had kind of big boobs. Hailey observed enviously every detail of the model's body and wondered when she was finally going to start developing. She wanted to have breasts - big breasts would be ideal - and turned men's heads. But for now, she had the body of a baby and it seemed like she was not going to develop anytime soon. Her mom had told her that usually a girl started to develop between 9 and 12 years old and before 9 was extremely rare. Well, she wanted to be one of those extremely rare cases, she didn't want to wait another two years - or god forbid even more than that - before becoming a woman. She wanted to start developing breasts now! A moment later, she felt a tingle of pain on both her nipples and winced. What had happened? She touched first one and then the other with some amazement. She could feel some kind of small, hard sphere inside, the tell-tale sign that she was starting to develop breasts. She smiled elated. She didn't know how it was possible but she had just willed her body to start puberty and her body had answered her. 6th May 2011 - Hailey's Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive Hailey woke up that Monday morning with painful belly cramps and something warm and sticky wetting her knickers. She pushed aside the blankets that were covering her body and immediately noticed the red stain on the sheets. She smiled, realizing what had happened. "Mom!" She shouted at the top of her lungs. Her mother entered her room a few seconds later and understood immediately why Hailey had called for her. "Oh, my baby girl all grown up!" Petunia said with a big smile before encasing her daughter in a strong embrace. "I don't want to go to school today mom!" Hailey said with a pout. "Of course not, honey. We are going to the gynecologist today to prescribe you the pill. You're a woman now and we have to think about protection. Safe sex is very important". "Yes, mom". 31st July 2013 - 4 Privet Drive Hailey woke up to the smell of breakfast and smiled. Today was her thirteenth birthday and her mother had organized a party for her for that evening. She looked at the clock and groaned, it was six thirty. She was late for her usual morning training. Since she was five, her mother had hired a personal trainer for her, so that 'her body could be modeled into the perfect shape', so that growing up, continuing to follow the regime her mother had created for her, she would never had to worry about cellulite, or body fat of any kind. The daily workout plus the special diet she was forced to follow, was the perfect combination to render her body a 'work of art' - her mother's words, not hers -. Not that Petunia really thought she would ever run the risk of going fat. Hailey was naturally slim with long legs and her mother said that if she ever decided to be a model, she would have the perfect body for it. Her mother had instilled in her, since the moment she could understand it, the importance of being hot and sexy. Men thought about sex almost 24 hours a day and they wanted women who 'screamed' sex while looking at them. In other words, Hailey needed to become every men's wet dream and no man would ever want her if