Hello, I've wanted for quite a long time to have a fanfiction of my own, so here it is. I have always loved and idea of a fem!Percy and thought that Will Solace never was mentioned enough, so I thought why not make them a couple. I have named the fem!Percy Cordelia because it means daughter/jewel of the sea. This is my first fanfiction ever and English is not my first language, but I hope that I've done well. Desclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson or any of the characters there. All right goes to Rick Riordan. Enjoy this chapter of Cori Jackson and the Lightning Thief! I didn't want to a half blood. It just happened ya know? If you possibly think you might be one, my advice is: close this book right now and throw it out of the window. Now that I'm thinking of it you can also put it in a really nice place, like the toilet for instance. But the best thing would be to burn it. Anyway off topic. Believe whatever lie your dearest, innocent, but-not-so-innocent parents told you( like a big, bird left you at their door enternace because they so wanted a baby) and try to lead to a normal life. Being a half-blood isn't all fluffys and unicorns and rainbows and stuff. It's a life-or/and-death situation, where you have to fight to live for another misirble day. Most of the time, being a half-blood, gets you killed in painful, nasty and creepy ways. If you're reading this, because you think it's fiction, then great, read on. I envy you for being able to believe that none of this ever happened. But, if while reading this, you feel something, anything strange stirring inside you, then stop reading immediately. You might be one of us and once you know that t hey'll sense it too, and believe me or not they'll find a way and come for you. Okay now, confession time done. I have no responsibility of what will happen to you in the future. Sooo, my name is Cordelia Melody Jackson. Call my anything, but Cori and I will personally make sure that your face is rearranged or that you loose the ability to have kids. Trust me, I've got my ways. I'm twelve years old and I go to a privet school for troubled kids at upstate New York. Am I a troubled kid? Hell, yeah. You, know I'm just your avarage, everyday, adorable, but sneaky troublemaker. You need just one look at me to think of that. My sea-green eyes are always sparkling with a mischievous glint thinking of the next prank. It doesn't take long, I'm a natural. I can't help it. Anyways, as I was saying before, it all started one beautiful May day. See, all my classmates and I were going on a fiel trip to Manhattan. But I don't think it's a really good idea to put twenty-eight-mental-case kids together in a yellow school bus with two teachers, one of them constantly yelling and glaring at them. You would ask: where is this sixth great class of Yancy going, hmm? (Notice the sarcasm please). Well, we were actually going to visit the Metropolitan Museum of Art tosee Greek and Roman stuff. I know and understand you very well my young and devilish fellows- it sounds like pure torture, and believe me when I say it- it is. You see- bad things happen to me on field trips. In my fifth grade class we were visiting the Saratoga battlefield. The historian was speaking so slowly to us and in such a monotone tone, you would think we were five years old. So I snaped ( and I don't regret it) and called him an ugly slug. Needless to say I instantly felt better. Not the same could be said for him. So, he literally kicked me out. Not like I really cared, though. There I saw a Revolutionar War canon. I knew that things wouldn't end really well if I came near it, so I decided to stay away. Now, please be at least a bit understanding for the things that come afterwards. I have no fault of what's coming next. Blame the ADHD and the stupid historian. I'm not telling how I got near the canon. I am only saying that it involved an annoying bird, a mental monkey and a flying banana. I swear I was aiming for the mental monkey and not the school bus, but of course I got expelled anyways. While on my fourth grade...hehe. Long story short, we took a behind-the-scences tour of the Marine World shark pool. I sort of "accidentally" hit the wrong lever on the catwalk and our class took an unplanned swim inside the pool. Now, now the sharks weren't as bad as they made them sound. They were quite friendly...at least twards me. One thing I learned from that. Never, ever let kids near dangerous, shiny ( especially) red buttons. While before that... Well, you probably get the idea. But this trip, unlike any other of them, I was convinced (mostly by Grover) to be good. Well, as good as I could be. Because there's no way in hell I'm going to stand there like a golden Mary Sue. No-o. But, I actually had hopes, because Mr. Brunner, our Latin teacher was leading the trip. Mr. Brunner was this middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair. Really cool if you ask me. He had thinning hair and a scruffy beard and a frayed tweed jacket, which always smelled like coffe. You wouldn't think he'd be cool, but he told stories and jokes and let us play games in his class. He also had this awsome collection of Roman armour and weapons, so he was the only teacher whose class didn't put me to sleep, which was something. All the way into the city I tried to put up with Nency Bobofit, the freckly, redhead kleptomaniac girl hitting on my best friend Grover in the back of the head with chunks os peanut butter-and-ketchup sandwich. Key word: tried. Grover was an easy target. He was scrawny. He cried when he got frustrated. He must've been held back several grades, because he was the only sixth grader with acne and the start of a wispy beard on his chin. On the top of all that he was crippled. He had a note excusing him from PE for life because of a disease in his legs. He walked funny, like every step hurt him, but don't let him fool you. You should've seen him run when it was enchiladas day on the cafeteria. Jeez, I swear he could've won the Olympics like that. Anyway, Nancy Bobofit was throwing wads of sandwich that stuck in his curly brown hair. I really tried to stay calm, because I was on probation, but luck wasn't on my side. "I'm going to kill her" I mumbled. Grover tried to calm me down "It's okay, I like peanut butter." He dodged another piece of the-most-likely-person-to-be-pranked-next lunch. "That's it." I started to get up, but Grover put me down back to my seat. "You know who'll get blamed if anything happens." He reminded me. "I don't care. I'm more than sure it'll be worth it." I said, but as he gave me a pointed look ( which looked remarkably funny on him)Then I added. " But this doesn't mean I won't prank her latter. I wonder how she'll react to having blue hair filled with peanut butter mixed with permanent glue." I smirked. Grover must've realised that he couldn't do anything more and sighted. "Fine." He said, but then an identical smirk started forming on his face too. " But don't forget to make a video of her reaction, I'm sure other people around the world would want you to share it on YouTube. Now, now you should learn to be generous." "I like the way you think Grover." But then realization came on my face. "Grover?" "Yeah?" He asked unsure what to make out of my expression. "I knew it!" I exclaimed. "I knew it, I would corrupt your one day." He started laughing uncontrollibly. " Oh, no! The devil has possessed me! Help me please!" "Oh, shut up! You know I'm awesome," "Arrogant much?" He asked. Mr. Brunnet led the tour. He rode up front in his wheelchair, guiding us through the big echoey galleries, past marble statues and glass cases full of old black-and-orange pottery. It blew my mind that this stuff had survived for two thousand years, three thousand years. He gathered us around a thirteen-foot-tall stone column with a big sphinx ob the too, and started telling us how it was a grever marker, a stele, for a girl around our age. He told us about the carvings on the sides. I was trying to listen what he had to say, because it was kind of interesting, but everybody was talking, and every time I told them to shut up, the other chaperone, Mrs. Dodds, would give me the evil eye. Mrs. Dodds was a little math teacher from Georgia that always wore a black leather jacket, and looked mean enough to ride a Harley straight into your locker, no kidding. She came to Yancy, when our previous teacher had a nervous breakdown halfway through the year. Since the first day here she figured that the red-freckled, annoying Nancy was an angel that fell from the sky (more like a gift from the devil if you ask me), and that I was the devil spawn. Honesty, I don't know what gave her the idea. In my opinion (and I think that I speak for all the poor students who have the horrid fate to be tought math by her) Mrs. Dodds is the She-Devil herself, or maybe a minion and that Nancy is somehow her child. Hey, you never know! She would point he crooked finger at me and say, "Now honey" real sweet and I knew I was going to get after-school detention for a month. One time she had made me erase answers out of an old math book until midnight. And that was just because I pulled a prank on the school director. Hey! It's not my fault he is and old bat! I just...wanted to cheer him up a bit. Yeah, that's all! Anyway, off topic, hehe. Stupid ADHD! That night I told Grover that I didn't think was human. He looked at me with a really serious expression stamped on his face and said, "You're absolutely right." Mr. Bruner kept talking about Greek funeral art. Noisy Boobfit (as I decided to call her at the moment) snickered something about the naked guy on the stele, and I turned and said, "Will you shut up." It came out louder than I meant it to. The whole group laughed and Mr. Bruner stopped his story. "Miss Jackson," he started, " did you have a comment?" My face probabbly resembled a tomato. "No, sir" Mr. Brunner pointed at one of the pictures on the stele. " Perhaps you'll tell us what this picture represents?" I needed only one look on the picture to realize which it was. I mentally thanked my mom for telling me all those myths from Greek mythology. "That's Kronos eating his kids, right?" "And he did this because...?" He continued obviously not satisfied with my answer. "Well, Kronos was the King Titan and he didn't trust his kids, because of a curse his father Ouranos had placed on him. So, he ate them, but his wife, Rhea, hid baby Zeus and gave him a rock instead. When Zeus was old enough he tricked his father into barfing up his brothers and sisters. They called themselves the gods and won the war between the gods and Titans." Some snickers from the group. Behind me guess-who-said-it mumbled to a friend. "Like we're going to need why