Full Description: Fate forges intricate paths for us - more often than not, they're not what we wish them to be. We can try to evade them, we can try to escape them, but in the end we will always be forced to follow them. This is a tale about how a seemingly insignificant decision can lead us to embrace our true destiny. A tale about loyalty, friendship and keeping promises amidst darkness spreading over Middle-Earth. - AU because of an OC, book/movieverse, my attempt at creating believable OC, firmly rooted in Middle-Earth. Possible romance, still undecided. Look out for violence in later chapters. The following contents are written for sheer enjoyment of the author. No profit is/was or ever will be taken from this story: all the places and characters are intellectual property of J.R.R Tolkien and his successors. I only own my characters and their story-lines. With respect Your Author I. (The Story Begins) The Sun slowly rose above wide, grey waters of Anduin, her fingers sliding over the shimmering surface, cutting the dispersing darkness like knives. The sky bloomed with pink and orange hues quenching the stars as they spread. The warm light slid across the vast plains and filtered throught the thick canopy of the woods. Its touch was gentle like a lover's kiss and the world stood up to greet it and start a new day. The birds were first to start their morning songs and other creatures followed, filling the land with familiar noises. The morning mists lifted and retreated back into their dells in the mountains, unveiling the wide line of horizon. The fox emerged from the forest, turning its slim triangular head up, as if it felt someone staring. Sensing no danger it trotted along, its fluffy tail standing above the tall grass. The eyes followed him though, before they turned toward the rising sun. The lone warden, straddling a thick branch a good 30 feet above the ground, leaned against the rough bark, waiting for their guard duty to be over. The night passed, once more, uneventfully. As did the nigh before. For the last few months not even the warning arrow was needed and the guard, one of the many seated along the northern border of the Golden Woods, didn't have much to do. Observe and wait was the prime rule of the border patrols. An ungrateful task sometimes, but as long as it done the deed, they had the no right to complain. No one ever said the job will be filled with thrills, but when they happen, everybody wanted the peaceful routine to be back as soon as possible. For the guards, thrills usually meant sharp teeth and long knives, and the possibility of giving up one's life, however unlikely, wasn't exactly to be anticipated. A little further in the woods, the hidden camp was waking up – a clear sign that someone will come to change them soon. The archer released a tired sigh and let their legs dangle loosely on either side on the branch. A parade of tingles ran along their tights when the tension accumulated by the long hours of stillness had been released. They turned their eyes back toward the thin line where earth met sky. The Sun slowly climbed her way up the blue strewn above their head and they kept watching the lines of swaying grass thumping their fingers against the rough bark of an ancient oak, they were sitting on. A squirrel ran up the trunk and stopped abruptly, turning its beady eyes toward the elf. It sniffed the extended hand cautiously and then allowed one, long finger to brush along its ginger fur, before scurrying away skilfully. At the same moment the slight movement caught with the corner of their eyes, disturbed the peace. The guard returned to their previous position, legs folded beneath them, ready to either throw them forward or toss them to the ground in one graceful jump. Their fingers instinctively glided over the white-feathered arrows, the other hand reaching for the length of the bow laying nearby. They didn't expect to recognize riders – it was a long time since travellers crossed this lands, especially coming from the North. Boat was faster and safer way to journey in this case. No matter, Elves or Men, since enemy grew bolder and bands of stray orcs didn't keep only to their hideouts and high, mountain passages, not many people decided to journey, unless their reason was urgent. Their confusion only deepened when they identified riders as elves. Before they could wonder, what made them travel like this and in such haste, another movement, a dust of cloud, crawling from between the low hills like a serpent, proved their assumptions true. A shrill scream cut through the air, alerting their companions, and than they jumped, landing softly and rolling across the ground, before ignoring their orders and leaving the shelter of the woods behind. The young prince turned a bit too slow to avoid the double attack, when the arrow flew past him, almost musing his cheek, and going straight between the goblin's eyes. He easily killed another, as the creature looked around stupefied, trying to figure out what had just happened. One by one, several, white-feathered arrows, found their targets, precise and deadly in their accuracy. He turned only to see the newcomer exchanging bow for a long sword, meeting the goblin's steel with a furious yell. Not without a good amount of surprise, he identified their helper as a woman, a thick, dark braid swaying behind her like a flag when she threw herself in the worst fray. He quickly lost the sight of her and become to occupied with his own troubles to search for her again, even if just with his eyes. The reinforcements wasn't far behind and the line of trees echoed with the clear sound of horns, before exploding with riders, closing the distance at full speed. More arrows flew, falling like a rain and finding their target even as they tried to run. The orcs that were spared from the arrows, met their end under the elvish swords. The turmoil was nothing more than a methodical slaying now and died quickly leaving only the stunned silence behind. The prince looked at his companions, trying to judge their condition. Few of them were beyond help, others were injured... Guilt twisted painfully deep inside him, rising to his lips like a bile. Than he spotted the woman again, pressing her hands firmly against the wounded elf's side. Blood seeped between her fingers as she yelled for help. He rushed toward her, when a horse stopped nearby and an ellon dismounted beside them leaning to whisper something into elleth's ear. They exchanged silent words that quickly became heated, but the quarrel was equally quickly put to end by the ellon, who only shook his head in resignation, before giving his last instructions to the woman and focusing his attention on him. He reached the prince in three quick strides and then bowed briefly, earning himself a few wondering stares from the other guardians. -Though the time is most unfortunate, I welcome you in Loth Lórien your Highness… My name is Galaren and I'm the captain of the border patrol… -Than I owe you my gratitude... - the other elf replied, still trying to see what was going on behind the captain's back. The dark-haired elf followed his line of vision. He smiled, but his honey coloured eyes didn't loose any of it's sharpness when he looked back at him. -And I appreciate it, but it is unnecessary. It is our job to keep this lands secure and if we only knew earlier about your journey, we could have avoided the skirmish altogether – Galaren ignored the angry glare he received in response. Showings of a wounded pride, even when they came from royalty, bothered him little. Besides they both knew, that he was right. -You do not have to concern yourself with the safety of your companions right now. We will gladly receive you in our camp and our healers will take care for them. They will be fine, my sister is responsible for their safety. Let us go then... The touch to his shoulder was gentle, but firm and it had him moving before he could react. He turned to look over his shoulder once more, but the previously occupied space was now empty and only a stained grass betrayed that something happened there. The ride wasn't long. They've got about a mile deep in the forest, when the trees became thinner and opened again to the wide sweep of grass. In the middle of the clearing a fire-place was made, surrounded by round stones. Several, tents were scattered among the grass, their green linen walls blending with the colours of the forest. Horses slowly strolled around, picking up the strands of grass. Elves that arrived earlier tended to some of the animals, while others rushed to get the orders done. One of the tents seemed to be the centre of their activity, and the prince turned toward it. Galaren however, only shook his head once and guided him toward the tent on the opposite end of the clearing. He obeyed, knowing that resistance might be taken as an insult. Besides, the captain didn't look like someone who would just ignore the insolent behaviour. The interior was sparsely, but comfortably furnished, clearly serving as a house for two. The captain urged him to get some rest and promised to be back shortly, before leaving him alone. He paced the narrow space for a while, before falling onto the one of the chairs, and swept his fingers through his long, blond hair. Guilt and remorse came back doubled and he paid no attention to his surroundings as his mind tried to decipher why everything had to go so wrong. He didn't know how much time had passed, before the soft rustling noise and the short gleam of light, alerted him to someone's presence. Galaren discarded his cloak and put a stray strand of hair behind his ear, before he took the seat on the opposite side of the table stacked with maps and papers. He rested his chin on top of his interlaced fingers and looked at the younger elf for a long while. Just before the silence could become a little to heavy, the captain sighed and began to speak. -As much as I hate to do it, I need to ask you about few things, my lord… The Prince had to still his temper and stop himself from lashing out. His pride may be tender right now, but letting it take the better of him, would not help the matters any. It won't reverse what had happened either. He was about to answer when the curtain flapped again letting another guard in. One he instantly recognized. -Please brother, do we really have to continue with this interrogation? – the elleth fought with the strap of her quiver and tossed it onto one of the beds, following closely with her cloak. - I hardly think this events, however unfortunate, are of any consequence to us. -Thank you for your input – the captain ground out between his teeth, obviously displeased with her boldness. - Did you chose to at least do what I told you to? -Of course captain – she answered, bowing mockingly. - I have sent the messenger to the lady and tended to the wounded, just as you asked. I wouldn't be here if I didn't. Your men were also taken care of, my lord – her tone warmed a little when she spoke to him. - They are resting now and if you would like to heed an advice from a healer you should do the same. Will there be anything else you would like me to do, brother? – her lips curled into smirk as she smoothed her