Chapter One She took his hand and squeezed a promise of her own into his palm. "Yes. I will be your wife." Gúthwyn was still half-dreaming when she awoke, enveloped in a pleasant haze of warmth, and she tried to catch the fading images, certain of their importance. Something about the stars… her hair billowing in the wind… Legolas… Legolas. Her eyes flew open; the covers were thrown back. Legolas had returned from the east. He had professed his love for her, not Tauriel, and he had defied his father's wishes. They were to be married. She was to be married! It was almost too much—her mind was racing faster than an éored at full speed, grasping at memories from the night before. King Thranduil still did not approve of her, but in the end he had relented, even giving Legolas one of his mother's rings for the betrothal. And Elfwine, her clever, wonderful nephew, had been the mastermind of it all. She would have to find him the perfect gift for his upcoming birthday. She would also have to tell Hammel and Haiweth. Her bubble of excitement burst, punctured by dread; she had no idea what to say them when they both returned to Edoras in June, how to tell them that their lives were about to be drastically altered. Instinct warned her that she could not ply Hammel with the promise of an Elven library to explore, nor Haiweth with the temptation of brand new gowns—they would not be able to see past Legolas, who to them was still a menacing echo of Haldor. They would feel betrayed by her, and perhaps they would not forgive her. Enough. You have well over a month to think of something, and for now you should be enjoying this time with Legolas. Although she was still worried about the children, she forced herself to take several deep breaths and let the matter go—or at least push it further into the corners of her mind. Casting around for a diversion, she blushed when she recalled the taste of Legolas's lips. She touched her own, as if searching for an imprint. With any luck, she would get to kiss him again soon. She had forgotten, or perhaps she had never known, how wonderful it could feel; her first kiss with Haldor had been irrevocably tainted by what had happened after. Yet even her daydreams about Borogor, she realized now, had never quite managed to capture the sensation… She flinched, for she did not wish to think of these things. Borogor was never coming back, and it was no use feeling guilty for having moved on, for loving the mirror image of his worst enemy. He would have wanted her to stop mourning him, and she hoped he would not begrudge her the choice she had made, so long as she was happy. As for Haldor… No. Stop. You do not even know when your wedding night will be. But there was no denying that there would be a wedding night, and she would have to walk into it just as she had walked into Haldor's tent so many years ago. Feeling suddenly queasy, she looked down and saw that her hands were shaking. She had enjoyed kissing Legolas, but what about lying beneath him? What about when he was inside of her, and there was no escape? Unable to bear it, she shot out of bed. She would not do this, she vowed; she would not tarnish her first day with Legolas. Instead, she would put on a beautiful gown, one that perhaps he might like to see her in, and she would go to breakfast and forget that she had ever contemplated any of this. A knock on the door interrupted her as she was opening her wardrobe. Thinking it was Legolas, she drew in a sharp breath, then scrambled to find a thick robe. "Who is it?" she asked, stalling for time. Yet it was not Legolas who answered. "Cobryn. May I come in?" She stopped, her hand on one of the hangers, and felt her shoulders deflate. She knew what conversation he had come to have, and part of her wished that she could delay it, but they would have to discuss their broken betrothal sooner rather than later. "You may," she answered, sighing. He entered her room, shutting the door behind him. "I believe congratulations are in order," he said; she could not tell if his smile was forced. "Thank you," she replied, unable to prevent a warm glow from stealing across her cheeks. "I do not know what Éomer told you…" "All of it. Including the desire for discretion." Cobryn gestured to the door he had just closed. "Are you happy?" he asked, fixing his keen gaze back upon her. "I am. But…" Unable to bear the guilt, she burst out, "It is not fair to you. I have led you on and now—" "You have done no such thing," Cobryn said sharply. "We had an agreement, and moreover I was the one who proposed it. And one of the terms of our agreement was that you would have the chance to find someone who loved you the way that I could not." He always had an answer for everything! "It is more complicated than that," she tried to insist. "We were going to… I mean, we were talking about children… and I saw the way you were with Elboron…" Cobryn could not disguise his reaction to the mention of her nephew, at least not quickly enough for her—not when he inquired after Elboron's wellbeing every time she received a letter from Éowyn. For a moment, he smoothed out a nonexistent wrinkle in his tunic; then he said, "I may not be as young as I once was, yet I am quite capable of finding another woman and siring children with her." "But will you?" she asked sadly, knowing what the answer was. Sure enough, he did not respond. "Cobryn—" "Do not worry about me," he told her. "Right now, Legolas is waiting to have breakfast with you." Her heart lifted at his words, but she did not allow it to soar just yet. "I am sorry," she murmured, wishing her happiness had not come at the cost of her friend's future. Although… "Cobryn?" she asked as he waved away her apology. "Legolas said—of course, you are under no obligation—although I would very much like it if you would consider—but you may wish to remain in Emyn Arnen—" "No need to keep digging, I think I have already found the question," Cobryn said wryly. "Yes, I will go with you to the colony, if that is what you are asking." "Y-You will?" "You sound surprised." She flushed, color rising in her cheeks. "It is only that sometimes I feel as if I am dragging you all over Middle-earth!" He shook his head. "Thanks to you, I have been an advisor to the king of Rohan, I have an open invitation to peruse the Prince of Ithilien's library, and I have dined at the table of the king and queen of Gondor. If your brother's charming wife had not interfered, I might even have had the chance to serve a couple of princes of Dol Amroth." She could not help but giggle at that. "And now you are offering me a chance to live among Elves. If we are to call this being dragged all over Middle-earth, then there is no one else to whom I would rather be tethered." Her eyes watered; abandoning all reservations, she crossed the room and flung her arms around his neck. "I am so lucky to have you as a friend," she whispered. As always, it took him a few seconds to return the embrace, but at length he answered, "And so am I." They stood there, Gúthwyn trying not to spill tears all over Cobryn's shirt, until he said, "You should go see Legolas before Elfwine claims him for the morning." She pulled back, stifling her laughter, and agreed. But what to wear? Her eyes darted to her wardrobe; as ridiculous as it was, she could not help but feel anxious now that she knew someone would be paying attention. "I would try one of the blue gowns that matches your eyes." Startled, Gúthwyn looked up, but Cobryn was already gone. With a rueful grin, she decided to take his advice. How much more perilous dressing was when one desired to impress! Legolas does not care what I am wearing, she reminded herself. He has seen me in travel-stained clothing just as often as a dress. All the same, she was unable to resist a lengthier session with her hairbrush… Nothing too excessive, however, for she was eager to see him. And when she hurried out into the hall, there he was: sitting at a table with Éomer and Elfwine, his head bent towards her nephew as he listened intently to the boy's chatter. She tried to approach quietly so as not to disrupt the adorable picture, yet he heard her footsteps and glanced up. Elfwine swiftly marked his audience's distraction, but the wrinkles in his forehead smoothed when he identified the cause of the disturbance. "Auntie Gúthwyn!" "Hello, Elfwine," she managed, her eyes still on Legolas. He had stood and was watching her with amazement, seemingly unable to believe his reversal of fortune. She blushed to see him admire her appearance, and she was glad she had followed Cobryn's suggestion. Éomer did not trouble to hide his smirk. "Good morning, baby sister. Or shall I say good afternoon? For it is almost lunchtime." "Good afternoon," Legolas said suddenly, as if he had just remembered how to speak. "I mean—good morning—" Out of the corner of her eye, she caught a glimpse of Trelan and Faelon, who must have arrived with Legolas the night before. Their backs were to her, but she had the distinct impression that they were trembling with silent laughter. "Good morning," she said to Legolas and her brother, at last reaching the table. "I am sorry I slept so late, it took me a while to fall asleep." Legolas's eyes widened, but he quickly realized that she was not alluding to a nightmare, and he smiled. "You need not apologize. I myself had similar troubles." She blushed at that, and decided it was in her best interests to sit down as soon as possible and wipe that knowing grin off of Éomer's face. The open space next to Legolas was tempting, but she did not think that it would be terribly conducive to discretion. Instead, she chose the one beside Éomer, whose amusement seemed to increase as he watched her. "Auntie Gúthwyn, guess what?" Elfwine asked when they were all seated. "What, little one?" " Uncle Leggy"—Elfwine's voice had dropped to an exaggerated whisper, but in his excitement it swiftly picked back up again—"has been teaching me Sindarin! Did you know that mellon means 'friend'?" Gúthwyn was finding it harder and harder to contain her joy. "I did know that, actually. I hope Legolas will not mind taking on another pupil." She locked eyes with him, and felt a horde of butterflies descend into her stomach. "Speaking of lessons," Éomer said with a faint cough, "Elfwine, it is time for one of yours. Come, I will bring you." Elfwine looked rather alarmed. "Leggy, are we still going to practice with your bow today?" "Yes, of course," Legolas assured him. "At the third hour past noon." This was enough to satisfy Elfwine, and he allowed Éomer to steer him away from the table; as they left, Gúthwyn could have sworn her brother winked at her. Then they were gone, and she was alone with Legolas… well, not quite. Trelan and Faelon were still nearby, and everywhere she looked she saw servants attending to their chores. With so many potential witnesses, she realized in disappointment, there would be no possibility