WARNING: Beginning with Chapter 26 ("A Sudden Change"), this story - and all subsequent parts of The Rohan Pride Trilogy - will deal heavily with the subject of rape. Although there are no rape scenes after Alone, there are many references and/or flashbacks to these scenes in Reunions, Terms, and the epilogue. As such, The Rohan Pride Trilogy may be triggering for survivors of sexual abuse. If you would like to know more about the triggering parts before you decide whether or not to read, please do not hesitate to PM me and ask for clarification. PLEASE NOTE: This is the only disclaimer you will see in Alone. I do not, in any way, shape, or form, own any part of Tolkien's brainchild. I am not making any money from this. The non-canon characters, however (with the exception of Raniean and Trelan, who are borrowed with permission from Cassia and Siobhan), are my original creations. The Rohan Pride Trilogy Part One: Alone Book One By: WhiteLadyOfTroy Summary: When Gúthwyn, the youngest child of Théodwyn and Éomund, becomes a slave of Sauron, she makes a deadly bargain with the Dark Lord. If she fails at the task he sets before her, then the lives of those she loves will be compromised. About the Trilogy: I have decided to do what Tolkien did with his books. The Fellowship of the Ring had two books within the text, as did The Two Towers and The Return of the King . The only change I have made is the first part in my trilogy: Alone. This will be divided into three books, the first book explaining how Gúthwyn got to where The Fellowship of the Ring started. Prologue Théodred anxiously strode down the street from Meduseld, the King's Hall, into the heart of Edoras, searching for his younger cousin Gúthwyn. The twenty-six-year-old prince had not seen her in awhile, and he was starting to worry, the evidence clear in his azure-colored eyes. His fair hair flew out behind him as he made his way through the everyday crowds, scanning the road for any sign of Gúthwyn. At last he found her, sitting near the edge of the road watching a group of boys wrestling. She was five years old, with dark brown hair (unusual for one of the Rohirrim) that reached her waist in a tangled mess. Her blue eyes were stormy and dried tears lay upon her cheeks. Her arms were folded across her chest. "Gúthwyn, what is the matter?" Théodred asked, sitting down beside her. She turned to look up at him, and her eyes flashed as she explained her anger. "They won't let me play with them!" "Who will not let you play?" "Them!" Gúthwyn exclaimed as she pointed in the direction of the boys. "They say that since I am a girl I should be inside sewing, because that is what their mothers do. They say that I am too weak. It's not fair!" she pouted. "That is ridiculous. Your sister could easily best them," Théodred responded, his eyes fixed on the fighting children, noting their level of skill. Gúthwyn sighed, and Théodred could tell she was close to tears again. "But she is nine! I am only five," she reminded him. "Well, my cousin, you have not learned to fight yet either," Théodred gently pointed out. This time the tears really did come, and as Gúthwyn buried her face in his shirt he instantly regretted his words. "It's not fair!" she sobbed. "I want to wre… wre…" "Wrestle?" "Yes, I want to wrestle with them!" Théodred's heart went out to his little cousin. "I will teach you how to fight," he offered. Instantly she perked up, and when she lifted her face from his tunic a toothy smile graced her features. "Really? Do you really mean it?" "Of course I mean it," Théodred replied. "Now come with me and we will get some lunch—I cannot teach you anything on an empty stomach." "Alright!" Gúthwyn eagerly agreed as she bounced up. After sending one last glare towards the other children she allowed her hand to be held by Théodred's and together they made their way towards Meduseld. Meduseld was a majestic hall, with a roof thatched as if with gold, containing King Théoden's grand throne room. On the outside, its walls were decorated with golden vines and horses, the latter being loved dearly by all the people of Rohan. A short flight of stairs led from the street to it, where its doors were guarded ceaselessly with men wearing armor and carrying spears and shields. Seeing Théodred and Gúthwyn, the guards moved aside so they could enter through the great doors; Théodred held one of them open for his cousin. Once stepping into Meduseld they were in the throne room, a long hall that also served as a dining room with a hearth in the middle of it. On a dais at the far end was the throne, upon which Théoden son of Thengel sat, deep in thought at the moment. Golden locks fell onto his shoulders, framing a face in which dark-colored eyes were set. When he saw the two enter, he smiled. "Hello, my son!" he called to Théodred, who gave a short bow. Remembering her manners, Gúthwyn performed a brief, wobbling curtsy, much to the amusement of her kin and other guards in the room. "Greetings, Gúthwyn my lady," the King said, trying to keep a straight face. "Father, we will be getting some lunch and then I will take Gúthwyn back outside," Théodred spoke, moving towards the throne with Gúthwyn close behind. He purposely omitted why he was taking her out, for he did not think the king would approve. Éowyn had had to wait until she was two years older than Gúthwyn was now to begin her training. "All right," Théoden replied. "Just be careful." "We will," Théodred promised. Taking Gúthwyn's hand again, he turned around and led her to a door on the right-side wall. Pushing it open, he held it for Gúthwyn and followed her into the kitchen. Brytta, the cook, was busy cutting up a piece of meat with a large knife when they walked in. "Hello, dears," she greeted them, hurriedly wiping her hands on her apron. "What can I get you?" "We would like a lunch for two, please," Théodred responded. Gúthwyn made no sound—she was staring at the knife in fascination. Théodred realized she had never been in the kitchens before, and that the only knives she had ever seen were the small ones they used to eat. Brytta quickly began opening cupboards, pulling out various eating utensils. "You two head back into the hall and seat yourselves at a table. I will bring your plates out soon," she told them. "Thank you," Théodred replied. In an undertone he said to his younger companion, "Gúthwyn, what do you say?" "Thank you," she echoed Théodred. "Oh, any time dear," Brytta responded, withdrawing a loaf of bread from a smaller cupboard. Théodred and Gúthwyn went back into the throne room and found a table in the corner to eat at. Théoden was now reviewing a report that one of the older guards had given him. Gúthwyn was silent as she stared around the room, and Théodred let her remain in her thoughts. Gúthwyn's siblings, Éowyn and Éomer, had already eaten, he supposed. The three children had come to Meduseld only two years ago, after their mother Théodwyn had died from grief and illness. Éomund had been killed in an Orc ambush only a little while before that. Stricken from his sister's death, Théoden took her children in and was raising them. Éomer, the oldest, had been eleven, thirteen years younger than Théodred. Only last year had the three siblings somewhat recovered. Théodred's thoughts were interrupted when Brytta placed two plates in front of him and Gúthwyn. A bowl of soup was in the center and a slice of bread lay on the plate. Next to the food, the cook placed a mug of ale in front of Théodred and one of water before Gúthwyn, along with a cloth napkin each. "Here you are," Brytta said. "It looks delicious," Théodred complimented her. "Thank you," she answered before returning back to the kitchen. Théodred and Gúthwyn ate the rest of their meal in silence, Gúthwyn occasionally fidgeting in her seat at the thought of finally learning how to fight. When she finished, Théodred was still consuming his meal. She began hopping around in her seat, impatiently waiting for him to be done. When he had drained his bowl, she breathed a sigh of relief, but then she saw that he still had half of his bread left. "Théodred, hurry up!" she begged. Her cousin merely grinned, and slowed down his chewing. Gúthwyn's face became pained. She had not yet learned how to be patient. "Théodred!" When the prince had finally finished, he insisted on stacking the plates and bowls neatly on top of each other. Gúthwyn was almost beside herself with anxiety. When all of the utensils had been arranged to Théodred's liking, she turned around and began to run towards the doors leading to the street. But something was wrong. She was not moving. Théodred laughed as he pulled his cousin back towards him. "Gúthwyn, we are not ready to go yet. We have to make sure you are clean." Gúthwyn sighed: She had forgotten about that. The prince knelt down and checked Gúthwyn's dress and face for soup stains. Seeing none, he stood up. He knew that he should get her in more appropriate clothing, but he thought he had tortured her enough. Gúthwyn needed no words before she bolted for the exit. Théodred jogged to catch up with her and opened one of the doors, sending a bright sunlight streaming into the hall. His cousin ran past him, holding up her dress so as not to trip on the fabric. She made a rather comical sight, Théodred thought. Apparently the guards agreed too, for underneath their helmets one could see a smile appear on some faces. At the bottom of the stairs, Gúthwyn turned to wait for Théodred, not knowing where he would take her. When the prince joined her, he took her hand again and began leading her around the side of Meduseld. Tumbled slopes surrounded the Golden Hall, but if you walked far enough past the armory you would see a spot where the land was as large as a grand clearing in the forest. When one stood on this piece of land, they had a spectacular view of the mountains and plains. There was a small path leading to this clearing, which Théodred quickly found and began to walk on. "Théodred, where are we going?" Gúthwyn asked, her eyebrows knitting together in confusion. "Patience, young one, you must learn patience. You will see when we get there," Théodred responded. Gúthwyn pouted, but it was only for a few seconds until the prospect of what was ahead re-entered her brain. A short while later found them coming into the clearing. Gúthwyn gave a cry of joy and raced around the enclosure, stopping at the edge and staring at the landscape below and before her. Théodred came silently behind his cousin and took a moment to appreciate the beauty of Rohan. Even this high up, he could see the mounds of kings before his father to his left, covered with the white flower simbelmynë . He noticed Gúthwyn looking up at him impatiently, and he tore his eyes away from the view and smiled down at her. "Well, let us start, shall we?" Gúthwyn whooped happily but quieted down a second later as Théodred's face grew serious. "Before we do, however, I want to talk to you about something." He knelt down so he was eye-level with the little girl. "The skills I will be teaching you are for your defense. You must never start a fight, never join