A/N: Allow me to apologize in advance for any confusion. The first sixty chapters of "The Lady's War and the Gentleman's Engagement" are originally from Part IV of The Rohan Pride Chronicles, "The Horse and the Swan" (formerly titled "Recovery"). Because Part IV was nearing two hundred chapters with no end in sight, I decided to split it into two stories: "The Horse and the Swan" and "The Lady's War and the Gentleman's Engagement." For those of you who read all 177 chapters of "Recovery," you can skip to Chapter 61 of "The Lady's War and the Gentleman's Engagement." For those of you who started reading "The Horse and the Swan" (or The Rohan Pride Chronicles in general) after all of these shenanigans and have absolutely idea what I'm talking about, just ignore me and keep reading. =) The Rohan Pride Chronicles The Lady's War and the Gentleman's Engagement By: anolinde Summary: In the fallout of her betrothal to Elphir, Gúthwyn must deal with the consequences - including an all-out war with Queen Lothíriel. Meanwhile, as she is increasingly forced to confront the reality of what happened to her in Mordor, she begins to question her aversion to marriage. About Part V: The upcoming events are based off of what I have learned from the appendices and various sources concerning the aftermath of the War of the Ring. I wish more was known, but unfortunately, it is not—thus, I have had to do much guesswork and fill in my own beliefs about what happened. Please bear with me. Chapter One Much to Gúthwyn's surprise and initial disappointment, life in Rohan did not settle down in the least after the departure of the Dol Amroth delegation. Their guests gone, the Eorlingas now had to turn their attentions to the harvest, upon which their hopes of being fed during the winter rested. Éomer and his advisors spent many an hour holed up in the council chamber, fervently discussing methods of adding to the Riddermark's revenues in case the year's crops did not yield as expected. Gúthwyn, however, took no part in these sessions. Her energies were now almost entirely devoted to working around her broken wrists, which had very quickly proven themselves to be the most inconvenient injuries she had ever received. For three weeks, she had needed Éomer's assistance to get changed; she stopped requesting him not because the bones were healing, but because she was too humiliated to let the practice continue. Although an arduous, time-consuming process in and of itself, dressing was but one of the daily tasks she could no longer take for granted. Eating was impossible, for she could not manipulate the utensils and she was unable to hold anything other than the lightest morsel of food. As a result, she lost a dangerous amount of weight in the first few weeks after Prince Imrahil's visit, despite her promise to Éomer to maintain a proper diet. Finally declaring that this could continue no longer, Cobryn labored for several days in an effort to find a solution to her problem. What he at length devised was, without a doubt, one of the oddest contraptions she had ever come across. He presented to her a hollow reed, explaining that if she positioned the straw in her soup and used her mouth to suck at it, she would be able to ingest the liquid with minimal effort. To her astonishment, it worked, even if it did look rather silly. Were it not for Cobryn, she doubted she would have lasted the first phase of her healing without going mad. Though Éomer was often tied up with appalling amounts of paperwork—only increasing as the winter months drew nearer—Cobryn accompanied her on walks around the city or simply visited her in her chambers, refusing to let her give into apathy even when she despaired of ever being able to use her hands again. He hardly had to make an effort: his mere presence would remind her that while her injuries were temporary, her friend's would be with him for the rest of his life. During one of their discourses in the privacy of her room, she had at last informed him of what she had overheard between Lady Míriel and Lady Aewen, but much to her astonishment he had been utterly unmoved by Lothíriel's plight. His sympathies lay solely with Tegilbor, who had been murdered from a crime he had never committed, and he was unyielding in the matter of the queen. "You have suffered far worse than she ever did," he reminded Gúthwyn darkly, "and you never turned to cruelty because of it." Gúthwyn, on the other hand, while still confused about Lothíriel's reasoning for continuing Lady Míriel's campaign of slander and deceit, thought the queen's behavior towards the court of Dol Amroth perfectly justified—despite her own private misgivings about its nature. Éomund's daughter did not condone blackmail and the spreading of rumors, having grown all too acquainted with them in her years, but she could not truthfully say that the likes of Lady Míriel were undeserving of a such a reversal in fortune. For a time, Gúthwyn tried to treat her brother's wife with more cordiality than before, but found that her overtures were received only with suspicion and, in some cases, outright animosity. Whenever Éomer was not around, Lothíriel made it perfectly clear that she did not believe Gúthwyn's version of Amrothos's assault. She often refused to dignify the other woman's attempts at conversation with more than a contemptuous glare, which grew fouler if Elfwine happened to be present and immediately gravitated towards his aunt. Éomund's daughter could have born such stoniness without grief if the mantle of Lothíriel's ire had not been taken up by nearly all of the young women in Edoras. No sooner had the Dol Amroth delegation left than there was an explosion of rumors regarding the events in the stables, and it became painfully obvious that the majority of them did not accept Gúthwyn's story in the slightest. She was all but ostracized from the washing circles; Hildeth, Brytta, and Wífled were among the few that made an effort to include her. Gúthwyn suspected that Nethiel was no longer the only one using their position in the royal household to spread gossip about the king's sister. Shortly after the appointment of Wífwen—Wulfríd's mother, as Hammel had been furious to discover—Éomund's daughter had made the colossal mistake of assuming that the woman would be professional enough to overcome their differences. She had not thought twice about the maid volunteering to assist her with her hair—the one form of help Éomer had not needed to wear her down into accepting—nor Wífwen's sudden sweetness, when before their interactions had been rather chilly. Cobryn had once mentioned to her that perhaps she should wait to see where Wífwen's allegiances lay before trusting her inside her chambers, but Gúthwyn had brushed him off, not wanting to be suspicious of the servants within her own home. It was not until highly detailed accounts of her time with Cobryn, including carefully selected snippets of dialogue chosen for the greatest damage to her reputation, began circulating around the streets of Edoras that Gúthwyn realized Wífwen had befriended her solely for the purpose of obtaining such information. Some of the conversations had been altered slightly, as if they had been overheard through a door and the person relaying them was not entirely sure about what had actually been said. Gúthwyn thereafter unceremoniously kicked Wífwen out of her chambers, after which she noticed a subtle yet alarming increase in the amount of bullying Hammel was being subjected to. She could never prove that there was a link between the two situations, but part of her guessed that Wífwen was almost encouraging her son's behavior—the other half of her, naturally, was horrified that she was coming to such conclusions about one of her own people. Hammel, mercifully, no longer seemed as affected by Wulfríd's taunting as he once had been. Even after the initial pleasure at having worked up the courage to ask Aldeth to dance faded, his spirits were improved, and he was less distant from Gúthwyn than he had been all year. Éomund's daughter made the most of this boon, and solicited him for walks as often as she could without pushing him away. He rarely revealed his thoughts to her, and indeed grew defensive if she inquired about them, but he did not spurn her company as he had before. Haiweth, on the other hand, grew increasingly moody in the weeks following Imrahil's departure. She was quiet and reticent at mealtimes, lay on her bed and stared at the ceiling for long spells, and had even stopped drawing. "I am worried about her," Gúthwyn confessed to Cobryn one afternoon, sitting with him in the great hall. She cast a glance in the direction of Lothíriel, who was on her throne next to Éomer and assisting him in conducting whatever business of the Rohirrim she could understand, but the queen was preoccupied with some papers and too far away to pay attention to Éomund's daughter. "She has never been this unhappy—I have tried to speak to her, but she says only that she is bored and that there is nothing to do in Edoras!" Cobryn shrugged, yet it was not the gesture of one who could care less. "She reminds me of Onyveth," he remarked quietly, after checking to make sure that they were not in a position to be overheard. "Her last years"—his voice cracked, and he coughed as if he had something in his throat before continuing—"were marked by childish trials and tribulations. I know Feride and Chalibeth"—here Gúthwyn was the affected one, sharply drawing her breath—"were not of similar temperament, but the burdens of slavery did not fall so heavily upon Onyveth. Of the three of them, she alone managed to retain as normal a life as possible." His voice was hoarse as it trailed off, and for a moment he and Éomund's daughter were silent, remembering the slaves at Isengard. Gúthwyn's eyes soon blurred as she recalled Chalibeth, her best friend for three years, who had been mercilessly torn apart by Wargs and had deserved far better than the death that was her lot. Never could she picture the girl without also thinking of the abuse she had suffered at the Serpent's hands—a crime that she had not fully understood the meaning of until Haldor. At length, she swallowed, asking Cobryn, "You believe that Haiweth's situation is not unusual?" Looking relieved that she had brought an end to their mutual brooding, Cobryn nodded. "Triggered, perhaps, by Alphros's departure, yet nothing out of the ordinary." "But it has been a month since he left!" Gúthwyn exclaimed. "She has other friends to play with." "Some of them have been sick lately," Cobryn reminded her. Gúthwyn nodded thoughtfully. This was true—a cold was going around Edoras, one that she had felt the beginnings of earlier that day. "I wonder if Haiweth was not so enamored by the Dol Amroth nobility that she finds the Rohirrim dull in comparison." While it pained Éomund's daughter that this might be so, the doings of high society had awed Haiweth from the moment she had seen her first dress. Gúthwyn herself did not care for gowns, jewelry, and dancing, but they delighted Haiweth and provided her with subjects for the majority of her drawings. Now that they were out of sight, and the shortcomings of the Eorlingas seemed especially heightened in their wake, it was altogether possible for Haiweth to feel as if she had no further sources of entertainment. "Have you ever considered sending her to Gondor?" Cobryn asked then, startling her. "Queen Arwen has begun inducting daughters of the more respected families into her service. They act as her maids, but have higher status than servants—ladies-in-waiting, if you will." Gúthwyn was appalled by such a suggestion. "I could never do that," she said immediately.