Author's Note: First LotR fic! Yay! This is one of my all-time favorite slash pairings, so I figure it's about time I wrote something for it. This is will have quite a few chapters, and it may be updated at a fairly slow rate, because I'm writing a lot of other fics at the moment as well. I'm aiming for one chapter a week, but it might be longer between, so don't hold your breath. Fic title is from the song Lothlorien, from the Broadway Production of the Lord of the Rings. Chapter title is from the Song of Beren and Luthien (most of this was written while listening to the musical adaptation by the Tolkien Ensemble). Warnings: Slash, non-graphic violence, some smut, mature themes. Sporadic doses of poetry. Disclaimer: I don't own the Lord of the Rings, more's the pity. That honour belongs to Mr. Tolkien the genius, who was brilliant enough to come up with that long-winded tale and stubborn enough to write it out. A.N.2: I feel compelled to start this with a warning. I am a dedicated, near-obsessional LotR fan, so I will try my utmost to get all the facts straight. However, some canon facts will obviously need to be altered to fit my AU. Also, I no doubt will occasionally make mistakes. It happens to all of us. If you catch anything major that I've messed up, that doesn't seem to be on purpose, please feel free to drop me a line and let me know. A.N.3: So, to summarize... basically, this chapter is what "really" happened during those sappy scenes in Rivendell. 'Nuff said. Most of the Elvish is, once again, courtesy of the Grey Company: I swear that site has saved my skin so many times. I speak fragments of a half dozen elvish dialects from different fandoms, but none comprehensively - hell, most of them don't even have a comprehensive elven language. A.N.4: The underlined dialogue is quoted directly from Peter Jackson's LotR Trilogy. ... Chapter One: Stars in Shadow Shimmering... On a bridge in Imladris, surrounded by the lush forests and the soft grey mist, above the gently tumbling river, two people stood. One a human man, handsome and noble, with the bearing of one whose royalty could be concealed but never cast aside. The other an elven woman, black-haired and pale-skinned, fair as the evening star. They stood close together, heads bowed, hands all but touching. Any who observed the quiet pair assumed them lovers and passed by, smiling and saying nothing, content that what they saw had been the truth of what there was to see. They were terribly wrong. "Are you certain of this, Arwen?" Aragorn murmured gently in Elvish. His voice was pitched low and warm, meant to sound like a lover's endearment. Arwen nodded, her dark eyes shining with determination. "Yes." she whispered, keeping her voice likewise soft and intimate. "I love you like a sister, Aragorn, and I would do anything within my power for you. Besides, you deserve this chance at happiness: all your life has been about duty, burdens, and destiny. So has his. You both deserve this one chance to have one true light in your lives. I knew that we were never meant to be, Aragorn, and my heart belongs to another now. I will do what I must to keep you both safe on your journey: see that you keep him close. You know how rare this kind of love is among our people, Aragorn, do not ever let him go." The Ranger smiled, a soft light dawning in his grey eyes. "I can certainly promise you that, Arwen. As long as I live I will never let him go." "Good." Leaning in close, she brushed her lips lightly against his cheek, a chaste kiss of friendship. "Now go. You have made your appearance with me, for the eyes of my kindred: go greet your prince. I am sure he is anxious to see you after all this time." Aragorn grinned. "Your wish is my command, my Lady." he murmured teasingly, brushing his lips lightly over her hand before turning and making his way back up the path to his own chambers in the House of Elrond. His blood was thrumming in his veins as he hurried along the twilit walkway. He was fortunate indeed to have such a kind, understanding friend as Arwen. All of Rivendell believed them to be in love: in all Middle-Earth, only Elrond, Arwen, Glorfindel, Gandalf, and Thranduil knew the truth. Aside from the lovers themselves, of course. Aragorn opened the door to his chambers and there he was, standing in a shaft of moonlight falling in through the open window, like some mystical angel of old. His eyes were radiant sapphires where they caught the light, bottomless oceans where they did not: his smile outshone the moonlight itself, warm and loving and breathtakingly beautiful. Aragorn felt an answering smile spread across his own face, warmth blooming in his chest as he stepped forward, closing the door softly behind himself. The other broke the silence first. "Aragorn." "Legolas." the name was barely a whisper, but he knew the elf would hear. In three long stride he had crossed the room and was holding the elven Prince in his arms. Legolas melted into his embrace, smiling his dazzling smile as he leaned in to brush his soft, coral-pink lips against the Ranger's own more weathered ones. " Cormamin lindua ele lle. " Legolas breathed, his musical voice instantly easing the weight on Aragorn's soul. "I missed you, A'maelamin ." The Ranger smiled and returned the kiss, with a little more force behind it this time. "I missed you as well, Lassë . Though only a month, it seems it has been a year." Aragorn murmured tenderly, lifting one hand to weave his fingers through silken strands of spun gold. "It is torture to be parted from you, my love. I only wish we had more time, to remain here and simply be together..." "As do I, my love." Legolas sighed, resting his head on Aragorn's shoulder, his light weight resting easily against the Ranger's strong chest. His sea-blue eyes slid closed as he settled into his lover's warm arms. "We have work to do yet, though. Perhaps when the Ring is destroyed... perhaps then we will be free to be together." Aragorn forced thoughts of the Ring from his mind as he cupped his fingers lightly under the elf's jaw, tilting his head back so that their eyes met as he whispered huskily, "We still have tonight, though. Arwen will see to it that we are not disturbed." A familiar, mischevious sparkle lit the Mirkwood Prince's smile as he gave Aragorn a delighted smile. "Perfect." They pressed together in another kiss, unsure of just who had initiated it, but not caring. Aragorn let his one of his hands slip down to the elf's waist, pressing him close, the other stroking his flaxen hair. Legolas's kiss was as sweet as he remembered, tasting of cool wind and clear brooks and starlight. Aragorn had never figured out how his lover managed to taste like starlight, but he quite noticeably did. Whenever he asked Legolas about it, the elf laughed and said that Aragorn was just flattering him. Legolas sighed with pleasure as the Ranger's hand shifted to caress the his pointed ears, teasing the ultra-sensitive tips. His own hands trailed down Aragorn's strong back, tracing well-remembered lines of muscle and sinew as he murmured, "Your mortal impatience is wearing off on me, love. There was a time when years seemed like days to me: now a single month seems like an eternity." Aragorn chuckled softly as he drew the lithe archer across the room to the bed. "And I must be picking up some of your famous Elven patience, considering I survived a month without you at my side." Legolas was already working at the ties of the Ranger's shirt, smiling wickedly, his earlier solemnity melting into the mischevious fire that Aragorn loved so much. Few indeed were privileged enough to see an Elf drop their mask of emotionlessness and admit to the passions that could run so strong in their veins: Aragorn knew that it was an honor beyond measure that Legolas trusted him so much. "Oh? Do you mean at your side, or in your bed?" "Both, as you very well know." Aragorn replied, grinning. Legolas finally got the tunic off and pulled Aragorn down onto the soft mattress, blue eyes sparkling. "Well, I suppose I can forgive that. After all, I am extraordinarily attractive, so..." "You talk too much." Aragorn said wryly, before silencing him with a passionate kiss. ~LotR~LotR~LotR~LotR~LotR~ Elrond scrutinized the map once more and sighed. "If the Enemy does indeed strike against Rohan first, and the Horse-Lords fall, then Gondor will have no allies close enough to help them. We must find a Bearer for the One Ring quickly, Gandalf." The old wizard nodded, but before he could say anything, Arwen stepped into the room. Elrond frowned at her. "Where is Aragorn?" "I've come to make his excuses." the lovely dark-haired elf said, a smile tugging at her lips. "He is... otherwise occupied for the evening." Gandalf smiled, while Elrond sighed. "You mean Legolas has gotten ahold of him. I don't suppose we'll see either of them until the Council tomorrow morning." Arwen smiled in acknowledgement, and Gandalf shook his head. "Do not be too hard on them, Elrond. I remember when you were evading your tutors in favor of slipping away with a certain blond Elf lover of your own." Arwen laughed delightedly at the rare sight of Elrond blushing. It was a well-known fact in Rivendell that Elrond and Glorfindel had been lovers for many, many years, though neither Lord ever expressly confirmed it. Elrond cleared his throat, forcing his face to become inscrutable once more. "Indeed. I suppose there is no harm in letting them have this night to themselves: if the Council tomorrow goes as I have seen, then both will be setting out on a dark and perilous journey. Let them have this one night of peace before the storm breaks." "Thank you, Ada." Arwen said warmly, smiling at him. "I must go: I received a letter from Haldir this afternoon, and I am most anxious to read it. Good night." She curtsied slightly to Gandalf and glided out. Gandalf looked at Elrond, smiling slightly. "Do you still think that she and Aragorn would not have made a good match?" "I think that perhaps they would have done well together after all." Elrond admitted grudgingly. "However, I am still deeply grateful that both found love elsewhere. I would never wish the heartbreak of loving a mortal on my daughter, you know that. And however alike she and Aragorn may be, Legolas is clearly the better match for him. Not even as a child was Aragorn so clearly happy as he is with Legolas." "True." Gandalf murmured. "Quite true. Arwen is clearly content in her love for Haldir - and Aragorn will need Legolas's strength and wisdom in the days to come. Dark times are in store for them, the Prophecy is proof of that much. Yet, I believe that with each other's strength to support them, they will both be just fine." ~LotR~LotR~LotR~LotR~LotR~ The next morning, the Council convened. Legolas was a bit surprised at the gathering: he had not expected so many dwarves to answer the call. He supposed that, in the face of a threat such as the One Ring, even long-ingrained rivalries seemed to lose their impetus. That, or (more probably) the dwarves simply wanted to ensure the elves did not steal the Ring for their own. As though a mere handful of dwarven warriors could have prevented the elves from taking the cursed artifact if they wished to. Though he was slightly on edge from the presence of the dwarven envoys, he