The game of love for Elves is not one so simple as many like to think. Having become based upon 'love at first sight', Elves do not linger in lost loves, for they only love one. Once bound, the bond is unbreakable, and they shall see no other in such a way. Most Elves find that the occurrence of love is destiny, that they cross paths in a seemingly insignificant way, but in truth, it has been planned since many Ages before their birth. Others put their trust into chance, that a twist of fate will bring together two souls. Whether it be fate or coincidence, it has become the belief of many that once the two Elves meet, they shall forever love one another… … But what if said love is unrequited? Haldir of Lothlórien never expected to love. He was not one to search for a mate, nor did he truly desire one. Being a Marchwarden of the outer forests of his home was a trying and demanding job indeed, and it would leave little time for him to return to his flet at all. Time would be limited with the other Elf maiden. No woman would want their partner to be gone for so long. It would be strenuous on their wishes to be in one another's company… and by now, Haldir had lost count of the number of centuries he'd told himself such things. It was true he did not completely desire a mate, but perhaps a small, seemingly invincible part of him did? He could never be sure. Most days and nights, he found himself content with being by himself. He was fine watching over the safety of Lothlórien, satisfied being the Marchwarden along with his brothers. He did not mind returning to his flet only to be welcomed to a lonesome home, an empty bed, and shutting his mind off to fall into a waking dream without holding another in his arms. But perhaps - only perhaps, and nothing more - on the rare evenings, as he walked the pathways of Lothlórien, he would silently envy the pairs that made their way past, speaking softly to one another, lowered words of affection and adoration traded and handed off so casually to the other… It pleased him. It made him sick to his stomach. He smiled gently as he passed. He wished to hide and be by himself, as he always would be. He didn't desire a mate, nor love. He wished for it more than anything. - The arrival of Thranduil, King of Mirkwood, was one of great anticipation. He was to bring his son, Legolas Greenleaf, along with him. It was likely an experience to begin his training of being a proper Prince and - when the time came to be - a proper King. Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel were to speak of the matters concerning Sauron and his movements. Word had spread of the shadow looming over Mirkwood, and despite his outward appearance, Haldir was no fool to believe that Thranduil had little reason to worry over the state of his forests, his people, and most importantly, his son. Given the task of leading them to Caras Galadhon upon their arrival, Haldir waited expectantly for the King and his son, eyes surveying the trees, listening closely… movement, just to the left was heard, and Haldir - along with his brothers, as always - straightened and watched as the horses and their riders came into clear view. Thranduil looked down to Haldir as he approached, and the Lórien Elf bowed to the Sindarin Elvenking. " Mae govannen, âr Thranduil, " he spoke in a proud, clear voice; impressions were always a priority to royalty, he found, "the forests of Lothlórien greet you, and your son. I will lead you to Caras Galadhon. Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel and expecting you." Thranduil, who had returned his greeting with a nod of acknowledgement, looked forward, his horse walking once more along the golden forests. Orophin and Rúmil walked in front of Thranduil, keeping watch, whilst Haldir remained behind Prince Legolas' horse, an eye behind the company. However, he could not help but watch the young Prince - he could have been no more than a century's age, perhaps two hundred years… - and notice his amazement. The Elfling had not likely seen leaves as golden as such, all around him… Mirkwood was a place of dense forests, green for much of the year despite the change of seasons. "Ada, Ada!" His eyes were still wide with wonder, not even looking upon Thranduil as he spoke. "The leaves, they are such various colors… Look, Ada!" Thranduil spared a glance back at his son. "I have seen them, Legolas. Pay attention to where you guide your horse. He is drifting." And indeed he was, to Haldir's amusement; quickly, the young Prince brought his horse back on the correct path. Walking in silence once more, he walked alongside the Prince's horse and found himself looking around the trees, smiling softly. A tug on his tunic brought him from his thoughts. "What is your name?" His hand never released his cloak, and he had leaned over the side of his horse, bright blue eyes peering into his own. The eyes that astounded him, such a color he had yet to see. They shined with his youth, curious and wondrous. Finding himself silent for a moment too long, he quickly collected himself. "My name is Haldir, my Prince." As added measure, he bowed to Legolas personally. "I am the Marchwarden of these northern borders you travel upon." "Haldir…" He seemed to think over the name for a moment, then smiled once more. "May I ask you something?" He laughed softly. "You need not ask permission of me, for anything, my Prince." He grinned down at Haldir, then released his cloak to point to the leaves, looking up as he did so. "These leaves… are they like this all year? Or has the season fooled me into believing so?" "You are not fooled, for they are always of this color, from autumn until spring. As spring arrives upon up, only then do the leaves appear green, and only then do the golden leaves fall from the very boughs they rest upon. The leaves of Lothlórien do not idly fall, even in the harshest of winters." The Prince's arm drops, and he still looks up in wonder. "That is truly amazing… I've never seen such golden leaves, not even in Mirkwood." He leaned forward, as if moving closer to Thranduil. "Ada, why are leaves not this color at home?" "I do not control the leaves' color, ion-nín. They are the color they were created to be." "I see…" Haldir frowned at the disappointment he could not only hear in his voice, but also see at the look upon his features. He could hardly comprehend the feeling that spread from his heart - which gave a dull ache with each beat of his heart - no less his sudden urge to make it right. Feeling a sense of guilt take over him, he stepped away from Legolas' horse, up to a tree nearby. This caught the Elfling's attention, only he did not speak, but merely watched. As Haldir grabbed a few leaves, whispering soft words of Sindarin before removing them from the low branch they had once rested upon, he turned back, catching up to the company. Smiling gently, he held out the leaves to Legolas. "Treat them with care, and they shall not wither, my Prince." Seeing how he only looked down in confusion, he lifted his hand in the slightest, a grin growing. "By all means, take them." "I…" He looked up finally, and said, "You are kind, Haldir of Lothlórien… Very kind, indeed." He reached out and took the leaves, but not before reaching down and bringing his small, lithe arms around his neck. Haldir gave a sort of yelp at the unexpected gesture, now stumbling beside the horse Legolas rode upon, not wanting to fall and drag the Prince down with him. Despite his minor situation, he felt a sense of satisfaction spread through him, for ever last trace of guilt was gone. It had felt good to do an act of kindness for the Prince, and even though he was tripping as he walked along, the grin was unmistakable. After a few moments more, Legolas gave a small cry - one of amusement - as he nearly fell from his horse. This in turn caught the Elvenking's attention, and he narrowed his eyes as he looked back at them. "Legolas. Sit upright, this instant." Haldir removed his arms from his neck, and helped him sit upright, but he shrank back at the look upon Thranduil's face, and his hands were removed instantly. Only if it were necessary would he lay a hand upon him. Now, obviously, was not the time nor place. The King would not have it, so Haldir would not make things worse if it could be avoided. Once again walking behind then, his eyes remained focused on the ground, somewhat regretting angering the King. He sighed, lost in his thoughts until he saw Legolas wave his arm out of the corner of his vision. Looking up, his eyes silently asked if he needed anything. The Prince grinned - Haldir had never witnessed a smile so beautiful - and gestured to the leaves as he mouthed two words: ' Hannon le. ' He returned the smile, all thoughts of regret or sadness gone in an instant. - Centuries passed before Legolas returned, but when he showed with the Elvenking once more - they had entered through the Western border, so Haldir did not have the privilege to lead then into the forests once more - Haldir could not say he was displeased. Again, Thranduil was on business with Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel, which meant that the Prince was under his care. For some reason or anther, Thranduil put trust in him to watch over the Prince. Whether it be because of their interaction on the way to Caras Galadhon during their previous visit or the leaves he'd bestowed unto him, he was to be the watchful eye. Satisfied with such new, he stood beside the Lord and Lady, a smile upon his face as he waited for the Prince. What brought an even wider smile upon his face was the fact the Prince remembered him. "Haldir!" Looking to the grown Prince - still of an adolescent appearance, no more than an early teen in the eyes of a Man - he grinned, bowing respectfully. However, he did not expect to be taken into his arms so openly. "Haldir, how I've missed you!" "O-Oh, it is a pleasure, my Prince…" Flustered, he returned the hug, seeming rather uncomfortable, mostly because he'd never been hugged in such a way before. Legolas stepped back, eyes glowing with amazement. "You have not changed!" "My Prince, it has been but a few hundred years; five hundred at the most." He smiled fondly, then continued, "You, however, have grown quite a lot." "Have I?" He looked down at himself, confusion written upon his features. "Indeed. Last I remember, you were but the height of a child, but look at you! I'd say you've grown at least a foot in length." "A foot, you say? I never noticed…" He meets Haldir's gaze again. Laughing softly, he says, "One usually does not realize their own growth." "Perhaps that is so," he says, then his eyes are bright again in excitement as he turns to his father. "Ada, may we leave now? I wish to look upon the forests, I've longed for them!" Thranduil nodded. "Yes, you may. Run along now, but cause no trouble to others." "Yes, yes, I promise. Come, Haldir!" He took Haldir's hand in his own, dragging him away from the three other Elves. Haldir never sees Galadriel's adoring