I watched the trees fly by the window as mom drove us to our new home. My father and the other Olympians had built us a house closer to camp ,no not just closer ,they extended the barrier so that the house is apart of the camp now. My mom and Paul got blessed by Athena and Apollo so they have more knowledge and can no longer lie very well ,but it is so that my mom will be there to be like a guideance counseler to the campers and Paul will be there to give them an education if they want it. I noticed then that the trees were now slowing down and the road had turned bumpier .I looked out the window and saw an amazing light blue three story house and a black iron fence starting at the house and creating a giant backyard for as far as I could see.' Why did they put a fence there?' I think to my self then shrug and forget about it as the car stops in front of the house. Mom and Paul climb out of the now fixed blue Prius (thank you Leo's dad) and started walking to the house. Slowly I opened the car and got out.I then jogged to catch up with them while noticing there was also a garage to the right of the house . Right as we got to the porch the door opened and my boyfriend stepped through the door to greet us, because he had helped build the house and he's my boyfriend , he's also going to be living with us. "Hello Sally, Paul ." he said to my parents before turning to me while my parents wisely walked in knowing they did not want to see me and my boyfriends makeout session. He walked over to me and looped his gorgeous ,tan ,toned arms around my waist as I looped my arms around his neck. He leanned down to kiss me and I gasped as he did, so he stuck his tongue in my mouth and we tongue wrestled until I was out of breath. "Well that was amazing Apollo but don't you want to show me the work you helped with ,like maybe our bedroom?"I asked him after pulling away slightly. He grinned widley and snapped his fingers transporting us to our room in a flash of gold glitter. All I could think was 'Wow' when I regained my focus and balance. He had painted the south and north walls gold and the west and east walls navy blue and up against the south wall between two windows was a king sized bed with a gold head board that was carved with different symbols the two biggest being a sun and a trident. On the bed was a navy blue and gold swirled comforter and 3 gold pillows and 3 navy blue colored pillows. the floor was covered in the softest ,fuzziest blue tie-dyed carpet. To the right of the bed was a gold door and to the left another gold door.I looked at Apollo curiosly while pointing at the doors, he grinned and walked to the right one with me following closely. He waited until I was right beside him to open it and when he did my jaw dropped; he had put a hot tub in our room plus an Olympic sized pool ,a shower and a rugular bathtub in the bathroom along with a sink ,washer and dryer and a toilet and the walls were a soft blue. In all our bathroom was huge. Apollo led me out of there and over to the other gold door which tuned out to be a huge room with a gold and red wall with closet doors on it and the oppisite wall was green and blue with closet doors and on the inside of the door was a note from Aphrodite that said: Apollo and Percy,I have stocked your closests with casual ,dress and 'fun' clothes .Some days I will pick something secial out for you so were it or be cursed wih bad ! Love ,Aphrodite "Oh gods,why us?!" I mutterd into Apollo's chest as he laughed and dragged me over to his closet, which opened at the touch of his hand . Inside was a single outfit that Aprodite had apperently chosen for him for the day. The outfit was a Sky blue shirt that matched his eyes , black skinny jeans and gold converse high tops .Apollo just sighed and started undressing in front of me until he was down to his black boxers. I ran my eyes over his smooth toned chest and amazing six-pack. I hear him laugh as he starts to put the clothes on .Once he's done though he drags me to my closet and I dread to think what that crazy goddess has chosen for me to wear. But i'm suprised at the clothes she chose apperantly going easy on me but helping to tease Apollo a little by giving me a tight black shirt ,dark blue skinny jeans and tall black zip up boots. Apollo is apperantly impaitent beacause he just flashed the clothes on and groans at the sight causing me to smirk. Suddenly I rember my earlier confusion of the black iron fence"Hey Apollo why is there a fence creating a backyard here?" I ask him . He snaps back to reality and grins wildley ."Come downstairs and I'll gather everyone then tell you ." He says kissing me quickly then runs out the door dragging me with him . I notice that there are stairs right outside our door and three rooms to the right and left of ours.I make Apollo stop at the stairs by pulling him back to me. "Wait why are there seven other rooms up here?" I ask confused. "There's a room for all members of the seven and thier boy/girlfriends and Jason and Piper are the first door to the right ,then Leo and Calypso, and last on the right is Hazel and Frank. First on the left is Nico and my son ,Will, then you have Annabeth and Reyna,and the last two rooms are a suprise that is waiting wih your other suprise downstairs so let's get going, Percy!" Apollo says frustrated and excited bouncing on the balls of his feet like he has ADHD like a demigod. "Fine come on i guess"I say groaning in defeat. Downstairs In Poesidon's PoV I was down in the kitchen with the other 10 Olympians ,Sally, Paul and Percy's suprises talking when I heard Apollo and Percy running down the stairs ,Percy cursing Apollo the whole way down.I chuckled at them gaining the attention of everyone at the table, they looked at me curious and I nodded sharply causing them to become excited . See Percy was not born an only child ,he was born as the oldest triplet of two identical boys and a sister . Today we were introducing him to his brother and sister, Theseus and Diana Jackson. The Olympians ,excluding me, and Paul walked to the stairs to greet Percy and Apollo while me and Sally stayed back with Thess and Ana who we had told the truth to yesterday. I then hear Percy and Apollo stop talking at the bottom of the stairs .I ask Apollo mentally' Ready?' ' Yeah he's anxious so hurry' Apollo replies "Thess ,Ana come on ,you have a brother to meet." They nod excitedly and wait for me and thier mother to get in front of them. Which we do but I appear first under the archway leading to the stairs and living room from the kitchen.I turn and look at Percy,"Percy ,my boy ,come here a moment please."I say to him. He bounces over to me with two running strides and stops two feet away from me. "Yes dad?" He ask curiously"Am I in trouble again?" I laugh and shake my head and he looks extremley relived at the shake of my head."No ,but me and your mother have some news for you."I say and Sally comes to my side with his siblings behind us. Sally takes the lead from here"Percy,honey you were born with two other the oldest triplet with a younger brother and your sister is the youngest of you three."He looks at us in shock then grins. "Really ?!" He starts bouncing"Where are they? Can I meet them?" Everyone laughs especially the two behind us. "Well brother glad you are happy to meet us. "Everyone turns to me as Thess speaks up."Thought you'd be mad about not knowing about us for 17 years." Ana says while she and Thess nudge me and Sally to the side ,which we slide over gladly,letting them come in to veiw. Percy, Thess and Ana look at each other carefully before surging into each others arms and hugging the life out of each hug for ten minutes and would have hugged longer had i not wanted to give them thier early birthday presents. "Hey Percy ,Thess ,Ana!"I yell at them gaining thier attention "I have early birthday presents for you in the back yard but you're to be blindfolded before going out there." They agreed so Apollo blindfolded Percy ,Artemis blindfolded Ana and Hermes blindfolded three gods guided the blindfolded demigods past the stairs straight through the narrow hallway that led straight to the back door which I opened for the twins and Athena and left it open for everyone else. "Okay everyone wait here I'll go get the presents." I yell out and flash over to the blue barn thats hidden from veiw of the front yard by the the ten stall barn is five horse so far one for Paul,Sally and one for each of the triplets. I walk to the first three stalls and find Triton,Tyson and Rhode tacking up the triplets horses."Hello my children ,is everything ready?" I ask them. Triton nods and says he's almost done then goes back to braiding Percy's horse's tail and mane. Rhode gives him a thumbs up while straightening the saddle and saddle pad on Ana's horse. Tyson ,who had become alot smarter over the years,said he was fine and kept adjusting the reins and bridle on Thess's horse. I nodded satisfied then summoned my dark gray stallion that I called Sea Storm for me and Triton's blue roan gelding Sea Star, Rhode's red roan mare Sun Charmed ,and Tyson's light gray gelding Sebastion and put them fully tacked up in sea green saddlepads with a black trident logo in the back corner ,black english saddles, and black bridles with sea green reins .(The triplets horses have the same stuff on them) Then i went to get Sally's gray Shire/thoroughbred pregnant mare,Sea Shell and Paul's Palimino quarter horse stallion Blowfish (Pun intended) . "Ok kids lets go give them the presents"I called out putting lead ropes on Shell and Fish while flashing Sea Storms stall door open and telling him to come to me ,I love that I created these animals. Shell and Fish stood still while I mounted ,then followed me and Storm out of the barn with Triton on Star leading Percy's horse behind us,Rhode on Charm leading Ana's horse behind them,and Tyson on Seb leading Thess's horse(I have not given them names yet other than Sally and Paul's horses) . We rode to stand in front of had covered Sally and Pauls eyes for me."Ok line up the blindefolded people ." Artemis moved Ana to stand in front of Rhode, Apollo and Percy stood in front of Triton ,Hermes and Thess stood in front of Tyson, and Aphrodite moved Sally and Paul in front of me. I nodded my head and the four gods untied the blindfolds. Percy's PoV Apollo untied my blindfold I gasped with my siblings and apperantly parents as it slipped from my front of me were two horses in identical gear .The blue roan carried my