Percy Jackson: Chaos Guardian By Josh Plater I do not own any of the characters that are canon, only the original ones. I do not own the Percy Jackson series either, or any other series it may cross-over with. A.N- I don't like how they killed off Charles Beckendorf and Silena Beauregard, so in my story, Charles and Silena leave to go to university after the battle with Kronos. This'll change a few scenes, but it'll be fine. They come back for the fight against Gaia/Gaea and stay afterwards. Chapter 1 Betrayal and a Second Chance Percy's POV As I made my way up to Olympus, via way of the Empire State building, I thought about what caused me to do what I was about to do. It all started 3 months ago. 3 months ago… I wonder what Annabeth wants. I thought as I walked to the sparring arena. Malcolm said it was important. I passed Clarisse, who looked at me with an odd expression. Was that, pity I saw then? Clarisse doesn't do pity. What's going on? I walked into the arena to find it empty, aside from training equipment and a letter on the floor, under an all too familiar knife. (Annabeth didn't lose it in my story) I picked it up, and saw that it was addressed to me. All it had on it was, Percy. Not Seaweed Brain, not Perce, not any other nickname she had for me. I opened it, and just stared as I read it. Percy, I am sorry, so sorry, but this is the end for us. I can't stand you always running off going on adventures, and almost getting killed. I want some normalcy in my life. I managed to get a place in an architect university, and I might even get the chance to re-build the St. Louis Gateway Arch, which you blew up on our first quest. It'll be amazing. I'll finally be able to realise my dream. I understand that you'll probably be upset, but I'm willing to give you another chance if you could come to the university with me, and help me re-build it. I'm sure you'd enjoy it. You have 2 days. If you won't, then I guess I'll see you when I see you. From Annabeth I just stared at it, I don't know for how long, until I heard the sound of hooves trotting into the arena. I looked up to see Chiron standing there, looking confused. "What's wrong Percy" He asked, "Why are you crying" I hadn't realised I was. I gasped, as I felt a pain in my chest. I was heartbroken. I gave him the letter, then just sunk to my knees and sobbed, for the first time in my life. I've cried before, who hasn't, but I've never actually sobbed. I heard Chiron gasp as he read the letter, before he mumbled, "That foolish girl" He crouched down and gently pulled me up, "Come on, let's go Percy. You need a good night's sleep. I'll take you to your cabin" I went with him in silence, and I saw a few campers watching us, Clarisse, Lee Fletcher, Leo, Michael Yew, Piper, Will Solace, Travis Stoll, Nico, Hazel, Frank, and Rachel, all looking upset or angry. I ignored them and keep going. I saw Malcolm peek out of the Athena cabin, and mouth 'Sorry' at me. I gave him a small nod and carry on. I also saw Calypso by the Big House, watching me sadly. I gave her a small smile, which seemed a bit cold. We reached the cabin, and I nodded at him. I walked in, and shut the door without saying anything else. I lay in the darkness for an hour, just sobbing my heart out, wondering how she could do this to me. Soon, that sadness turned to anger. She blamed me for destroying the Arch. She said she'll, 'give me another chance'. It's not me who's in the wrong. I jumped into Tartarus for her. I saved her from Arachne. And this is how she repays me. I jumped out of bed, and grabbed Riptide. I ran to the arena, and set up the Automatons that the Hephaestus cabin use for sparring practise. No one ever manage to land a hit on them, even at their lowest levels. I set up a fire in the middle of the arena too, to keep me warm as I fight. I set them to their highest level, and turn them on. Their eyes lit up and they scattered. I uncapped Riptide and unleashed Hades upon them. I swung, slashed, and jabbed at them, moving too fast for them to reach me. I made short work of them, and they were nothing more that piles of Celestial Bronze and Imperial Gold at my feet. I heard clapping behind me, and turned to see Hestia standing at the fire. "Well done Percy. That was very impressive" She said, with a small smile. I bowed, "Thank you lady Hestia. May I ask what you're doing here tonight?" "I was watching you. I couldn't help but overhear what Annabeth did to you. Most people would lay around depressed, yet you soldier on and train. I admire you for that. You've done so much for the gods, and for the whole world, more than anyone else has. For this, I wish to offer you the place of my champion. I would be your patron, and you would get all of the powers that the hearth grants. Power over fire, Healing powers, the power to make home cooked meals appear out of thin air, the power to calm those around you, and the power to travel from hearth to hearth. What do you say Percy? Will you be my champion?" I gaped at her for a few seconds, before pulling myself together. "I would be honoured my lady" She smiled, before shooting a beam of power at me. It was uncomfortable, but not that bad. When it stopped, I felt different. More powerful. Hestia snapped her fingers and a mirror appeared in front of me. I looked in it and gasped at how I'd changed. My eyes had turned to sea green flames; I'd grown taller, and gained more muscle. My clothes had grown to fit me, and my hair grew longer, so it reached the bottom of my neck at the back and sides. I bow to Hestia. "Thank you, my lady" I said graciously. "There's no need for that Percy, Hestia will be fine. To use your powers, just imagine it happening. Traveling from hearth to hearth is done by thinking the address, and walk into the fire. Fire places will work too. You can even send messages by just putting your head in, like an Iris message, but faster, and free. You're immune to fire as well by the way" She smiled at me. "I will do you proud my la…Hestia" I remanded when she mock glared at me. "I know you will. Annabeth won't know what hit her. I'd suggest helping young demigods find their way to the camps, or the hunters. I know a young girl in LA whose stepfather is planning to sell her to a paedophile" My eyes burned with hate as she said this. "Where!?" Is all I said. "Near the entrance to the underworld there, next door to Crusty's bed shop. Her name is Natalie and she's a 5 year old daughter of Zeus, who went mortal 'hunting' after you made them forget about the oath" "Ok Crusty's beds are how he'll die then, and I'll Get Charon to let his soul through, so I can take him to Hades. This'll be fun" I grinned evilly. "Just don't go too far, or Zeus will intervene, even though it's his daughter" She warned. "Of course. I'm only going to stretch or cut of his body parts, after castrating him, shoving a knife up his ass, healing him, doing it again, and then finally ending him" "That might be too much" She deadpanned. "So, the man deserves it. Monsters kill, but he's doing worse. He deserves worse" "I suppose. I'll alert Hades and Zeus as to why you're doing this." "Thank you. I'll be of now. Could I get a weapon that works on mortals perhaps?" "Of course" She closed her eyes, and two weapons appeared in front of me. A pen knife, and a sword similar to Riptide, both were made from stainless steel, and were as sharp as Hades' sarcasm. "Thank you Hestia" I bowed again, "I'll be on my way now" "Ok Percy. I'll tell Chiron what you're doing. Good luck, my champion" "And you, my patron, when speaking with Zeus" I grinned for the first time that night, and walked into the fire, thinking of LA. When I walked out, I was In the LA underworld entrance. "Ahhh. Percy Jackson. Drowned in another bath have you" A voice called out. "Hello Charon. How are you today?" I turned to see the Italian suited ghoul. "Annoyed. There's a man here complaining about a kid bankrupting him, and saying something about free appliances" I grinned as he said that, and turned to see none other than Smelly Gabe mulling around muttering to himself. "Hey Gabe, how are you today" I called over. He turned, and his face was one of shock, then pure anger. "You!" He snarled, and leaped at me, arms outstretched as if to strangle me. He just went right through me, and bumped into Charon. He just looked at him, causing him to back away back to the seating area. "You know him" He asked me. "Yeah, he's my abusive ex-stepdad, who got turned to stone after I gave my mom Medusa's head" "I see. What do you want done to him?" He grinned. "I'm going to rescue a young demigod girl from her stepfather selling her to a paedophile, and I'll bring the bastard here after a torture, I mean, interrogation session. I'll take them both to Hades personally, and perhaps give them to Alecto as a peace offering" I grinned, and his grin got even wider. "Good luck Percy Jackson" I shuck his hand, and walk out. I walked over to Crusty's bed shop, and saw that it's still empty. I then walked next door and knock on the door. It opened and a man with a cigar walked out. "What do you want?" He spat rudely. "Are you the one selling the pretty young girl?" I asked interestedly. He grinned, "Yeah. Real nice one she is. Wanna see her. She's a bit bruised, but that's cuz she tried to escape" "Sure. Lead the way" I followed him in, and go upstairs. He unlocked the door and shouts. "Hey slut, get out here. Your new owner's here" He pushes the door open, and a young girl slowly shuffled out, looking at the ground, wearing nothing but a pair of pink panties. Quick as a flash, I drew the pocket knife and slammed it into his shoulder, pushing him up the wall. "I'm here because her aunt on her real father's side told me what's happening. You're a sick, twisted, vile piece of work" I turned to the girl, who looked scared but hopeful, "Go get dressed, and get anything you want to keep. I'll deal with him" I jerked my head at him. She nodded and went behind the door. I took the man downstairs and drew the steel sword, which I named Ass Kicker, for good reason. "This is gonna hurt you more than it hurts me" I said with a grin, and rammed it right up his arse. He screamed and bucked around in pain, before suddenly stopping abruptly. "Huh. Must've been long enough to pierce his heart. Bummer, no pun intended" I chuckled to myself. I burned the body and walked back upstairs to see Natalie all ready to go with a big rucksack. "All