Percy Jackson: Reborn By Josh Plater Thoughts/Flashbacks (Thoughts in flashbacks is normal, like this) "Mental Speak/Telepathy" Primordial Speak Letters/Notes/Anything else like that Other Languages Prophecies A.N - Hi guys. So, major writers block on my Pokemon story, due to the fact that I don't really know Pokemon Omicron that well, or its characters. Therefore, i'm playing through it to familiarize myself with it, though I normally get sidetracked and play ARK instead lol. Here's something else I'll hopefully be able to do. Hope you enjoy it. Also, Mom... Read Percy Jackson, so you can actually understand my drivel that I'm about to type. Rated T for bad language, innuendo, and minor adult themes. Nothing graphic, just hinting and the like. I mean, Aphrodite's a total slut in it, so it has to have some. No complaining Mom :) Chapter 1 - Starting anew "That absolute bitch!" Percy growled angrily, as he paced back and forth in his cabin, "After all I've done for her. I jumped into Tartarus for her for fucks sake, and how does she repay me. By doing this" Percy was angry. Scratch that, he was livid. He was surprised he hadn't started an earthquake or a tsunami yet. Earlier that day... Percy jogged through the forest, towards the beach. He knew Annabeth was there, and he wanted to surprise her. He had a velvet box tucked in his hand. After the 2 wars, plus many hardships, their relationship had prevailed, even if it didn't start like this, and he was ready to propose. He slowed down, so he wasn't panting. Though he didn't really sweat, being a son of Poseidon, it just instantly dried, unless he wanted to get wet that is. He slowly walked towards the beach, and heard giggling, and a deep voice. He cursed lightly. Some couple was already here. He peeked through the bushes and gasped at what he saw. Annabeth was sitting there, with a near clone of Luke next to her, his hand up her shirt. His name was Reece Taltos, a son of Hermes. He dropped the box in his surprise, instantly forgetting about it, and turned and ran, making enough noise that the two heard it. "Who's there?" Annabeth shouted out, getting silence in return. She got up, and looked in the bushes, to see the velvet box Percy had dropped. She opened it, and gasped at what she saw. it was a beautiful ring, with an Olympian Marble ring, an Imperial Gold owl, and a Stygian Iron Trident. Engraved in the ring was, I love you always Wise Girl. From, your Seeweed Brain. She felt tears leaking from her eyes as she read it. She knew instantly that she'd screwed up. Present day... Percy grabbed a rucksack, filled it with the necessary things, from Ambrosia and Nectar, to Drachmas and mortal money. He mad sure Riptide was in his pocket, and that he had his prism for IMs, and grabbed his Minotaur horn. He quickly wrote a note with Riptide and pinned it to the horn. Sneaking into the Big House, he placed it on the Ping Pong table, and walked back. He calmly walked to the edge of camp, and petted Peleus affectionately. "Going somewhere Perry Johnson?" A male voice said from behind him. He sighed, and turned around to see Mr D, otherwise know as Dionysus, standing there. "I've had enough. Ever sine Jacob came to camp, everyone's turned their back on me. It's always, Oh Percy, please stop the Titans. Oh Percy, please stop Gaia. Oh look, a son of Zeus. Let's forget about Percy and ignore him 'till he's needed again. Then Annabeth goes and cheats on me. I'm done" Jacob was a son of Zeus who was frankly, a cocky little twat. He did everything he could to undermine Percy, and attacked him when no one else could see. He then went crying to everyone else to get sympathy when he got completely trounced. "I was wondering when you'd leave. Me and Chiron have a bet. I said after you kill him, Chiron said before. You lost me that bet. Now I have to stay an extra year" He grumbled. Percy laughed, "Have fun. I plan to head to Alaska, where I can't be called on again. Please don't tell anyone" "I won't. It's not like I care or anything. Just one less Demigod to worry about. Would you consider making it two?" "Unfortunately not. Zeus would have my head, and Thalia would likely be steamed. She's scary when she's angry" Mr D laughed, surprising him. "All women are. Just look at my sister" No names needed to be said. He was obviously referring to Artemis. "Well, this is goodbye. I'll see you... In another life I guess" Percy nodded, and headed down the hill, not knowing that he'd be returning sooner than he thought. Percy boarded the bus to Manhattan. He planned on saying goodbye to his mom and Paul before he left. He sat down, and instantly felt a strong immortal presence appear near him, stronger than even Tartarus' aura. He looked to his left and saw a person dressed in all black. He turned to Percy, and grinned. "There you are" He placed a hand on Percy's temple, and he knew no more. Hope you enjoyed, but I gotta end it there. See you in the next chapter. I can't do that to you. Read on. "PERSEUS!" A voice shouted. Percy shot up, and realised he was in his old classroom at Yancy Academy. And at the front, was Mr Brunner, AKA Chiron himself. "Yes sir?" He asked confusedly. "I expect you to stay awake in my lessons, or it will be one of my special detentions for you" Percy shuddered. He remembered those. They involved moving heavy things while he barked orders at you, then a sword fight, which was always lost, "Now, i'll ask again for your benefit. What is the name of the eldest Olympian?" Percy grinned. People always get this wrong. Nancy Bobfish raised her hand, "Yes Nancy?" "Zeus, obviously" She said arrogantly. "Wrong. Anyone else?" She looked flabbergasted, then angry. Percy raised his hand. "Yes, Percy" "That would be Hestia, Goddess of the Hearth and Hope. First to be born and eaten, and last one out of Kronos' fat stomach. "Correct Percy" Mr Brunner then went on to talk about Kronos eating his children, while Nancy looked at him angrily. He ignored her. Clarrise was more frightening. Instead, he thought about what was going on. I seem to have gone back in time, or was it all a dream. He reached into his pocket, and to his surprise, Riptide was there. Thank you Zoe, for our friendship that somehow transcends time itself. Percy tuned back in when the bell went. "That's it for today. Remember, it's the trip tomorrow. Bring your lunches" Everyone filed out, and Grover came over to me. "Nice one Perce. You really showed her" He was on his crutches, and Percy grinned. "She's an idiot. I'll meet you in the Cafeteria. I need to speak with Mr Brunner about something. If anyone annoys you, give'em a whak with your crutches" He grinned, and walked out. Percy walked over, and shut the door. "What do you need Percy?" He asked. "Mrs Dodds is a Kindly One and I know you're Chiron" Mr Brunner had a look of surprise on his face which he instantly covered up. "I have no idea what you're talking about Percy. Did you hit your head recently?" "Worse" He snorted, "I think I time travelled, possibly something to do with your father. I know about the Gods being real and all that, so cut me the bull and talk to me as if I was at Camp" Chiron looked bewildered, but knew the jig was up. "What happened Percy? Run me through it, bit by bit" Percy told him about what happened, from Annabeth cheating, to the Camp's betrayal, to the man on the bus. "Interesting. And you say their aura was more powerful than Tartarus?" "Yes, which leads me to only one conclusion. It was the Creator" He knew not to say their name. "I see. Let's move on for a moment. You say that Mrs Dodds is a Kindly One?" "Yes, Alecto to be precise. Should I take care of her?" He drew Riptide, in its pen form, and Chiron gasped. He went to his pocket, where an identical copy lay. He took it out in shock, "It followed me here. Can I have that one too? Zoe deserves it back, and I'll see her in 3 years anyway" Chiron nodded, and Percy clicked them (Always thought that was better. The movie version was a click pen). They immediately sprang to life, and Percy was in awe as they just felt... right in his hands. "When did you first find out about Mrs Dodds?" "The trip. I accidentally tripped Bobfish with my powers. By the way, I'm a son of the Sea" Chiron gasped. He was getting a lot of shocks today. "He broke the oath?" "So did Zeus. Thrice in fact. That idiot at camp, Thalia, and Jason, Thalia's full brother, apart from the fact that he's a Roman Demigod" Chrion sighed, "Is there anything you don't know?" He asked, exasperated. "Not really. We merged the camps, so that worked. Eventually. Anyway, you think I should kill her at the point I did last time, correct" Chiron nodded, "Great. I have her next. By the way, I know Grover's a Saytr too" While Chrion sighed again, Percy was overtook with a cold fury, which Chiron instantly noticed, "What's wrong?" He was very worried. "Gabe" He growled out, "He's abusive to my mom, and i'm gonna kill him" "Don't Percy. It'll just make things worse" "My mom did it last time, with Medusa's head. She felt guilty about it forever, and I had to help her with her depression. I won't let it happen again" "I'll deal with it. I believe you'll be going to Montauk soon" He nodded, "Good. Take anything important, and I'll deal with him" Percy nodded, and headed to the Cafeteria. "Hey Perce. What took you so long?" Grover asked as he walked up to the table with his food. "Sorry bud, I needed to talk to him about staying next year. It's unlikely to happen" Grover looked glum. "I suppose it's for the best though" They ate in companionable silence, then headed to their next class, where Percy ended up pranking the hell out of Mrs Dodds, with Celestial Bronze thumb tacks on her seat, which he had in his bag, which had somehow followed him too. He also shot spitwads at her, and she couldn't prove anything. She was apoplectic, but he didn't care. After saying goodbye to Grover, he headed home, after making a quick detour, where Gabe was waiting for him. "Finally punk. You're home. It's poker night, so gimme your money now" Percy raised an eyebrow, and resisted the urge to kill him. "No. Get your own money you fat pig" Gabe looked shocked, then angry. He roared, and lunged at Percy, who easily side-stepped, "Try again fatso. You know my mom'll leave you if you hurt me. She doesn't need you. You're so repulsive that you protect me with your stench. One word, and you're gone" He lunged again, and Percy dodged, before grabbing a knife out of his pocket. He'd detoured to a little known shop and brought it cheap. He'd helped the owner's daughter before, so she gave him a discount. Gabe looked at it in shock, and said, "Now now kid. We can come to some kind of arrangement" "Yeah. Leave me and my mom alone. We're going to Montauk soon, so you'll let us go, and we'll never see you again. Otherwise, it's bye bye tiny man parts" God he was sounding like one of the hunters. "Ok. Ok. Just put