Fair warning: I have not read Magnus Chase, and couldn't even be assed to do a Google briefing before writing this. (if you couldn't tell from the title—which is a literal pun—I didn't intend for you to take this too seriously). I'm an absolute sucker for bi!Percy and close platonic relationships and so when y'all started gabbing about how Magnus is definitely gonna think Percy is hot I saw an opportunity and I took it. When her cousin comes home gushing about a boy, Annabeth really can't find it in herself to pay attention. The first couple times it happens, her ears definitely prick, because, okay, Bobby and Matthew weren't just teasing, Magnus is actually gay. But after a few instances, she starts to tune it out, because, as she's learned, Magnus has a habit of becoming completely infatuated with a boy that he's never met and ending up seven different types of brokenhearted, and also, he exaggerates. A lot. Like right now, for instance: Annabeth seriously doubts that Magnus' current fixation really has eyes like the ocean and raven-dark hair. Annabeth's currently perched at the kitchen counter trying to get through Pre-Calc homework while Magnus gabs away enthusiastically with her stepmother, who is totally eating it up. Annabeth is working hard to tune them out, but her ADHD really doesn't help much with tuning anything out, and so here she is, with her pencil still poised to begin question three, listening while Magnus starts fussing over the new kid's cheekbones and jawline and oh my God, Aunt Angie, you really need to see his eyes, I'm not kidding. Annabeth thinks darkly that she's going to need to keep him out of bad YA fiction, and is about to say so, when Magnus plants his hands on the edge of the counter and leans in like he's about to tell the big punchline. "And. Get this," he says, glancing between her stepmother and Annabeth, who isn't even bothering to pretend that she hasn't been listening anymore. "I think he's gay!" Annabeth raises her eyebrows, because out of all Magnus' tirade, that's new. "How do you know?" she asks skeptically. Magnus buffs his nails on his t-shirt, looking very pleased with himself. "He hit on me." Annabeth stares at him for a second. "No he didn't," she decides finally, and Magnus huffs dramatically, shooting her a put-upon look. "He kind of hit on me." " Kind of," Annabeth scoffs. Magnus glares. "Okay, fine. I tripped in the hallway, and dropped my books, and he stopped to help me pick them up. And by then, I like, lost my shit, because I recognized him, you know, but we'd never met, and what a stupid way to meet someone, right? So I was just gonna say thanks and book it outta there. And then the bell rang, so I was like, making the excuse that I had to run to class! Except when I turned around," he stops again to glance between them, arching an eyebrow, and Annabeth is vaguely pissed off at herself for feeding his attention addiction because he's absolutely reveling at keeping her in suspense. "He said, 'Hey, Cinderella, you tryna leave me a glass slipper?' And I was like, flipping the fuck out, and then I turned around and I saw that he was holding my notebook. So I said, 'No, but I'll leave you my number.'" Annabeth's stepmother's eyebrows shoot up and she pulls her head back, letting a low whistle slip out of her mouth, but Annabeth refuses to give him the satisfaction of reacting just yet. "And get this!" Magnus says, yelling, now, "He said, 'Yeah, that would be great.'" He looks between them animatedly again, and then repeats himself, as though it wasn't dramatic enough the first time he said it. "'Yeah, that would be great,' Annabeth," he stresses. "Listen, bros don't exchange numbers that way. Gay guys do." Her stepmother hmms in conference. "That sounds pretty gay to me, too." "It does," Annabeth admits, and Magnus fist pumps the air. "I know, right?" And then he sighs. "It was just like a movie. And he was so witty, Annabeth, dear god, my heart. The bell rang and I left my notebook behind and he called me Cinderella. I mean, how clever, right?" "Very clever," her stepmother agrees indulgently. It is kinda clever, Annabeth has to admit, albeit a bit cheesy for her tastes, but Magnus obviously loves it, so she figures they're suited to each other. That is, assuming Magnus doesn't get over it within a week. Annabeth points a finger at his chest. "Hey! You're gonna start flirting with a gay guy, you better make sure you're really serious, this time." Magnus rolls his eyes, like she's being oh-so-childish. "Well obviously I'm serious now that I know he's gay, Annabeth, Jesus. Nobody takes straight guys seriously, everyone knows that." Annabeth raises her hands up in a sign of surrender. "I just don't want to see this backfire, you know, again. Like it always does." Magnus sticks his tongue out, and leaves the room to go play Smash Bros with her brothers, and Annabeth finally gets started on number three. — As though they're stuck in some cosmic twist of fate, Annabeth has her own run in with a Prince Charming the next day, only she's not half as excited to share it as Magnus had been. She's in English, which she hates by default, because it's the first class of the day and it's difficult for her, due to dyslexia. Annabeth is able to manage her dyslexia now, but not well enough to compensate for flunking all through middle school, and so here she is. Annabeth runs with the AP and honors kids, and therefore this is her only class without at least one friend, so she sticks to herself and tries to keep her head down, because yeah, even though she knows she shouldn't be embarrassed, she's embarrassed. She's pulling her essay out of her folder, when her hand accidently hits the coffee she has perched on the corner of her desk, and Annabeth's heart stops, because her phone is right next to her coffee and her essay is right next to her phone and she's going to lose all three in one fell swoop, she can just tell. She feels like it's happening in slow motion, and she still can't make her hands move fast enough to stop it. And then, miracle of miracles, somebody else's hand intercepts it. "Wow, that was a close one," he says, hand outstretched, offering her back her coffee. Slowly, as though in a trance, Annabeth raises her eyes up to his face, and oh, oh dear. She recognizes him, of course; he sits behind her in English every day. She only knows him to the extent that she knows his name is Percy Jackson and his hobbies mostly include sassing the teacher and roaming the hallway with his eccentric gaggle of friends. Annabeth would be lying if she said that she didn't wish she knew him just a bit better than that, but she's never gotten up the nerve to talk to him—contrary to her, plenty of his friends are in English with them so he's never short on people to chat with, and anyway, they run in different crowds. Annabeth's never been particularly good at making the first move anyway, and she's still a bit frustrated with herself for being so attracted to him in the first place. And now, with him hovering next to her desk, with those very sharp cheekbones and very nice jawline and very dark hair, looking at her with those very green eyes, Annabeth might possibly find herself just a little short of breath. Annabeth suddenly remembers that her mouth is hanging open, and she's staring, rather intently. Oh, shit. She blames it on her horror at the accident about to take place, and accepts her coffee from his hand. Their fingers brush, like some ridiculous rom com, and Annabeth simply does not have enough denial in her to ignore the tingle in her fingertips. "Thanks," she says. "I'm pretty sure you just saved my life." He smirks, and Annabeth's cheeks heat up. "Happy to oblige, princess." Normally, the comment would bother her, but coming from him, it just sounds kinda… hot? She raises an eyebrow at him anyway, because of course she's not going to let him know that she's quite the opposite of bothered by the comment. "Don't go pushing my gratitude," she says wryly, and he laughs. It's a nice sound, light and friendly, in contrast with the edgy and slightly obnoxious vibe that he sometimes gives off. Percy gets a mischievous twinkle in his eye. "Would it be pushing it if I asked for your number, too?" Annabeth's smile is slow, but genuine. "No," she admits. "It wouldn't." — A day later, she's stretched out on the couch texting Percy, trying to hold herself back from grinning like an idiot. It's not like there's anyone around to see it, but it's just the principle of the thing. It's just stupid stuff, but he's funny and she likes him and it's easy to think of a response, so she's enjoying herself anyway. She's just sent her latest response when Magnus comes and shoves his phone in front of her nose, blocking her view of her own phone. Annabeth frowns and tries to pull her head back, but since she's laying down, there's nowhere for it to go. "Gay, Annabeth, I told you!" "And I believed you," Annabeth sighs, swinging her legs around and taking the phone from Magnus to squint at the screen. The contact reads Prince Charming with a heart emoji, and Annabeth makes a gagging motion. Magnus swats at her half-heartedly and tells her it's rude to make fun, to which she laughs, and finally gets around to reading the texts. See, I was gonna invite you over after school tomorrow, reads Magnus' message. Any reason you're not? is the reply. Well, the GSA meets after school, and I was kinda guessing you'd turn up there anyway ;) You'd be guessing correctly, is the most recent message on the screen. Annabeth snorts and shoves Magnus' phone out of her face. "You are a shameless flirt." He does a smirk and a shrug, all, oh, you shouldn't have, and Annabeth rolls her eyes, pushing past him to go wander into the kitchen for a snack. "Wait, where are you going?" he calls after her. "What?" Annabeth asks. Magnus widens his eyes at her in horror, like this is the stupidest thing she's ever said. " What do I say?" he whispers. "Don't ask me," Annabeth says, splaying her hands. "I'm not the shameless flirt, or the gay guy. I dunno how these things are supposed to go." Magnus huffs and gives her a last lingering glare, but then Annabeth's phone buzzes in her hand and his face abruptly brightens, as though there's a literal lightbulb over his head. "Who's that?" he asks. "No one," she says, too quickly, and he widens his eyes comically. "Is that the same no one you were texting under the dinner table last night?" "You didn't see that!" she says defensively. "Oh, but I did," he says, and smirks at her. "Is it also the same no one that you were smiling about like a total dope on the couch just now?" "I was not," Annabeth insists. "To be fair, nobody else would have noticed, but I did," he says, as though the admission is very generous of him. "You've been holding out on me!" "It's none of your business," Annabeth says over her shoulder. She reads the text in front of him just to be annoying. He makes a swipe for her phone, but she dodges under his arm, squealing. "Oh come on!" he insists. "Does it at least say something good?" Annabeth purses her lips and reads the