Me, whispering gently, with silent tears streaming down my face: this was supposed to be short. This started as a cute percabeth oneshot in which Percy and Annabeth are both demigods but didn't meet at Camp Half-Blood, and Annabeth goes scouting for half-bloods and finds Percy's five year old daughter. Instead, it turned into a huge ass multichap in which Kronos and Gaea rise, Camp Jupiter gets active, the Seven come into play, and Percy and Annabeth get dragged into the whole mess. Now it's a novel-length multichap. I'm SO EXCITED about it though. — It's sort of ridiculous that Annabeth should be able to walk directly into a building swarming with underage children with absolutely no ID, no teaching degree, and no record of ever having stepped foot in this place, without being spared a second glance. It's almost frightening how little the security guards and faculty members pay attention to her. It does help to booster her confidence a little bit, though. These kids need her, because they sure as hell won't be getting any help from the mortal adults if a monster decides to worm its way onto the campus. One morning into her new job, and the most exciting thing that happens is a tryst with a dysfunctional copy machine. "Rough night, Beth?" someone says, and Annabeth cringes, because, Beth? Really? "Annabeth," she says automatically, and then maybe wonders if that wasn't the best thing to say, since whoever is speaking apparently thinks they know her, and it would probably not be good if they suddenly realized that they'd never actually seen her before in their life. "And no, not at all, don't be crude," she snaps. "Um, yeah, sure, whatever," the teacher says, looking at her strangely. "You're pressing the wrong button, that's all." She sighs internally at herself, but eventually figures it out and makes it to her classroom without a problem. She glances around the room, hoping to familiarize herself with it before the students arrive, so as not to make a bumbling fool of herself. She feels a momentary surge of panic when she sees the bright colors and kiddish drawings on the walls, because Annabeth hasn't been around kindergarteners since she was in kindergarten, but she takes a deep breath. They're just kids. Little kids. They'll go easy on her, hopefully. And anyway, she can manage the Hermes cabin, so really, it can't be too much of a challenge. Annabeth follows the teacher from the classroom across the hall to the parking lot where the kids are dropped off, lining up next to the other elementary teachers as though she's been doing it the whole year. She's only twenty-five, and most of the teachers look middle aged, so they can't expect her to be too experienced, but then, Annabeth makes it a priority to master everything as quickly as possible, so it wouldn't do to appear clueless. She can at least assure herself that she looks the part—she'd chosen her outfit meticulously, and has groomed herself to professional perfection. The truth is that she'd been more than happy to do it: if there is anything in this world that she loves, it is smooth pencil skirts and crisp button downs and blazers, the sharp click of her heels on the pavement, and the neat and polished look of nicely filed and modestly manicured nails. The kindergartners line up in front of her like they know her, which is a bit unsettling, really. She's obviously familiar with how the Mist works, but they hardly even look at her. A few of them even mumble, "Good morning, Ms. Chase." Annabeth plasters a cheerful, bubbly-young-kindergarten-teacher smile on her face and leads the kids to the classroom. The kids file past her and put their backpacks in their cubbies, and take their assigned seats. The last student in line stops in front of her, and looks up at her with disarmingly green eyes. "Who are you?" Annabeth's confidence stalls, but she forces it not to show. "What do you mean?" The little girl sizes her up skeptically. "They all know you," she says, pointing to the kids inside the classroom. "I don't know you. Who are you?" "Are you playing a joke?" Annabeth asks her smoothly, frowning. She feels a little guilty for lying to the girl, because she's a cutie. She has long black hair that hangs loose around her shoulders, setting her apart from most of the other girls with braids and pigtails. She has medium brown skin and bright green eyes, and she's frowning in a way that strikes Annabeth as kind've adorable. "I'm your teacher, Ms. Chase." Speaking declaratively and acting like you know what you're doing usually helps to reinforce any gaps in the Mist, but the girl doesn't look convinced. If anything, she looks more confused. "But… I don't remember you. Where's Ms. Elliot?" Annabeth laughs, trying to appear casual. Of course, the very reason she's here is to attract other half-bloods, so she shouldn't be thrown off her game by this. There was bound to be at least one in her class, or Chiron wouldn't have sent her here. "How about you take your seat, sweetie?" she says airily, brushing the little girl along in the same manner she remembers teachers doing to her as a child. She feels bad, admittedly, because she knows how scary it is to be the only kid in the class who can see through the Mist. It's for the girl's own good, she reminds herself. The girl trudges along without further protest, but she looks unsettled. She's so little, that it could work either way. Sometimes kids are the easiest to persuade because of their innocence, but sometimes they're the most resilient because of their imaginations. Annabeth was never fooled as a kid, but she has spent enough of her life arguing with new campers that she knows she's in the minority. Annabeth's main concern at this point is that the girl will go home to her parents and complain about a new teacher appearing in the classroom out of the blue with no explanation as to why, which could definitely prove a problem in the long run. She could always ask Chiron for help manipulating the Mist, but this is really the first assignment Annabeth has ever been given, and she'd like to do it well. It's far from the glory she'd envisioned as a child, but then, half-bloods in the twenty first century don't have the same crises that the ancient heroes did. Annabeth has accepted that. Mostly. So Annabeth does what she does best: teaches. It was initially the reason Chiron had prompted her to take the position in the first place, despite her lifelong dream of being an architect. And she still has high hopes of achieving it, she really does, but it's just… on hold, for a little bit. She has her degree already, and she's content to push it to a hobby instead of job hunting, just for now. Anyway, her schedule has been a little too erratic lately to be pulling a steady job. There's been quite a bit of commotion in the half-blood world recently, with strange new monsters cropping up and dangerously low camper recruitment numbers. Chiron had asked for all hands on deck, and Annabeth has spent so much of her life thriving at Camp Half-Blood that she's more than willing to help out when needed. She's a good teacher. She knows that. She's been teaching Greek mythology alongside Chiron since she was just a kid, and she's well-trained in handling emotionally distressed children. Anyway, Annabeth has spent her entire life surrounded by "problem" children. After fending off the Stolls for two decades, Annabeth is fairly certain there is not a student on this earth that could faze her. She struggles to appear interesting enough to captivate a class full of five year olds, but she thinks she does okay. Truthfully, Annabeth is a pretty interesting person by mortal standards, and rising to authority in the Athena cabin has taught her a thing or two about gaining favor from judgmental kids. She learns that the girl's name is Joy Jackson, and maybe breaks into the school office to go through her records after school. Joy's record is conventional, which hopefully means that monsters have left her alone so far. And it's going to stay that way, if Annabeth has anything to say about it. — She meets Joy Jackson's mother the next day. She's a pretty Indian woman, probably Annabeth's age, with the same black hair and skin that's a few shades darker than her daughter. She tugs Joy along behind her by the hand, and rolls her eyes when she reaches Annabeth. "I don't know what's gotten into her," Joy Jackson's mother says. "She's started talking about some teacher named Ms. Elliot?" the woman laughs, like it's the most ridiculous thing she's ever heard, and clearly expects Annabeth to agree. "I said, 'Joy, you love Ms. Chase,' but she was acting so strangely." Annabeth joins in with the woman's laughter uneasily, glancing at Joy, who is hiding behind her mother's legs. She knows it isn't fair to expect a mortal woman to be understanding of her half-blood daughter, but it still strikes Annabeth as cruel. She knows all too well what it's like to be treated like an over-imaginative child; her step-mother certainly called her a liar enough times. Her heart goes out to the little girl. Joy's mother tugs her forward. "Go on, J.J." Joy casts her eyes down and speaks so quickly that Annabeth almost doesn't catch it, but fortunately, Annabeth's senses are sharper than the average mortal. "Can I stay with Daddy tonight?" Annabeth frowns. Daddy? It's pretty obvious that the woman is not a goddess, and the resemblance is strong enough that it must be her daughter. Unless maybe the woman is her aunt, or something? Her aunt who raised her, clearly, because it's pretty obvious that their chemistry is a lot more mother-daughter than aunt-niece. Unless Joy's father actually isn't in the picture, and the girl is just in denial? But… no. The woman straightens and laughs in a forced manner that quite clearly strikes Annabeth as territorial. She glances at Annabeth uncomfortably, obviously not pleased that her daughter decided to bring this up in front of her teacher. "Joy, honey, it's a Tuesday, remember?" "Right," Joy mutters, cheeks flushing bright red and staring at her shoes. It's obvious they've had this conversation before. Joy's mother bids her daughter goodbye, attempts to share one last exasperated look with Annabeth, and heads on her way. Joy stares at Annabeth, and then drops her eyes back to the ground. Annabeth blows out a breath and offers her hand. "Come on, Joy," she says softly, and leads her and the rest of the kindergartners to the classroom. — Annabeth IM's Chiron that night. "How is it going, then, my dear?" he asks her kindly. "Well," she answers truthfully. Annabeth never considers herself to be a kid-person, but she always manages to pleasantly surprise herself when she is around children. They're sweet, for the most part, and their wide, curious eyes always speak to Annabeth's innate thirst for wisdom. Adults are so jaded, so stubborn, so set in their ways and unwilling to learn. Children are happy to follow and learn, even the rambunctious ones. "Yeah, really well." He seems pleased, until she mentions the thorn in her side that concerns a certain Joy Jackson. "You're certain she's a half-blood?" he asks her at least three times. "She can see through the Mist," Annabeth repeats. "And also… I know, Chiron. She reminds me of me. There's no way she's mortal." "And you're certain the mother is." "Assuming it's her biological mother, yes." "And you're sure that the father is a god, then?" "I mean… if her mother isn't then he has to be, right? I mean, maybe he's her stepfather,