Y'all are probably familiar with the colorbonding trope, but I don't think I've ever seen a canon-compliant percabeth soulmates fic, and I just couldn't accept that. — Percy is two when his mother first explains colors to him. They're in Montauk, on the beach, and she says, "Oh, Percy, the ocean is almost as green as your eyes today." She smiles at him fondly when he looks up at her curiously, running a hand through his hair. "I wish you could see it." "Green?" he asks her, wrinkling his nose. "Green," she confirms, nodding. Then she kneels down in the sand and picks up a seashell, turning it over in her hand, before giving it to him. "It's a color." "Color," he repeats, frowning. He has heard the word before, but he doesn't understand what it means. "See the shell, Percy?" she asks, crouching next to him and running her finger along the edge. "See how it gets light, down here, but turns darker, up here?" He nods in bewilderment, and turns to her for an explanation. She laughs at his expression. "You see it in gray. Lights and darks. But I see it in colors. Different shades, different tones." "I don't get it," he says, and his mother's smile turns different: a little wistful, a little fond, a little sad around the edges. "You will one day," she whispers. "One day, you'll meet someone who makes the whole world a little brighter, and you'll see colors." Percy still doesn't understand, but it's okay. There's lots of things he doesn't understand, and lots of things he needs to learn. For now, he tucks the knowledge away, holding it close to his chest, knowing even then, that it was important, somehow. — As Percy grows, he becomes utterly, completely enthralled with colors. There is a whole world at his fingertips—just out of sight, and he won't be able to see it until he finds his soulmate, whatever that's supposed to mean. Still, he can feel the colors simmering under his skin, just waiting to burst to life once he meets that special person. His mother explains it like this: one day, someone walks into your life and makes you see a whole new world of potential that you never would have imagined before. She makes sure to tell him that he doesn't need a soulmate, that he has everything he needs inside him already; that he's not incomplete without a soulmate, it's just that having them makes everything more, somehow. There are exceptions, she says. Some people can find colors on their own, without a soulmate. Some people have more than one soulmate. It's nearly always romantic, but it doesn't have to be, if you don't want it to be. Being soulmates doesn't mean everything magically works out, she warns, and he knows that, because it didn't for his parents. Sometimes there are uneven matches and sometimes there are deaths and sometimes there are people who are just unwilling to make the necessary sacrifices for a relationship. She doesn't talk about her own soulmate much, but somehow, he knows she met him on the beach—his father. He couldn't stay, she explains. Lost at sea, she would say. He doesn't understand how his father could find his soulmate and decide to just leave her, much less how anyone could decide to leave his mother behind, soulmate or not. It's his loss, Percy decides eventually. Percy doesn't know which type of match it will be, for him, but he knows what he hopes it will be. He hears the boys in his class talking about it in the locker room—telling stories about how they know people who got stuck with another boy for a soulmate, listing off requirements of what the girl of their dreams will have to be like, teasing each other that their soulmates will be ugly and won't put out. Horror stories and rumors spread around—someone's sister whose soulmate died before they met, someone's cousin who got colors randomly one day doesn't know who gave them to her, somebody's great aunt whose soulmate was already colorbonded with somebody else, somebody's friend's nephew who met their soulmate because they hit them with a car and accidentally killed them. There's the other kind that goes around too; the good kind—like kids who grow up with their soulmates, or people who are born with colors, or some new technology that can find your soulmate for you. Most kids his age spend their time fussing and squealing about their soulmates. Percy doesn't have any interest in these conversations, though. He never had a desire to put his soulmate in a box—that only leaves room for them to be disappointing. He doesn't worry about gender, or looks, or even personality—he just hopes that whoever it is will click with him, the way that it always does in the movies, the way adults always talk about. It's not that Percy doesn't care to find his soulmate; it's just that he can't find it in himself to worry about it. So many people have a list of requirements and a list of turn-offs, and panic over which cocktail of those traits their soulmate will have. There's excitement leading up to finding your soulmate, but also a fair mix of terror that they won't be what you hoped. Percy thinks this is completely stupid, though, because they wouldn't be your match if they weren't right for you. All relationships take work, of course, but the point is that your soulmate is the best possible person suited to being with you. If you have to stick your nose to the grindstone and struggle through a miserable relationship, then you aren't soulmates. If you don't like sex, then your soulmate is the most likely person to respect that. If you don't want a romantic relationship, then you're obviously not going to be paired with a hopeless romantic, because they wouldn't be the right person for you. If you're only attracted to one gender, then of course your soulmate will be that gender, otherwise they wouldn't be your soulmate. After all, how can you share a piece of someone's soul if you don't want the same things and love the same way and understand them in a way that the rest of the world doesn't? Hardly anyone else thinks of it in these terms, and Percy mostly sees it as a big waste. More than that, Percy wants colors. He spends hours trying to understand what they might look like, urging his mother to explain. She tries her best, but he has a feeling it's not the sort of thing that can be put into words. His teachers say that it's kind of like learning to read—how when you're little, you'll see strings of letters but can't make sense of them, and then one day, you can't see a word without reading it. Percy doesn't like this comparison, because reading was so difficult for him to learn, and he still struggles with it, and he really hopes that seeing colors won't be that hard. His mother tells him that explaining a color is as hard as explaining a sound, but not to worry, because when he sees colors for the first time, he will know. Percy is insatiable, though, and his mother tries her best to satisfy his curiosity. "You know, green was the first color I ever saw," she tells him one night, while tucking him in. "Sea green, like your eyes. Like your father's eyes. It's been my favorite ever since then." "But what does it look like?" he demands. His mother purses her lips, considering. "It depends on the shade. It can be sweet and fresh, like the smell of grass covered with dew in the morning, or the taste of mint, or the snap of a cucumber. It can be warm and soft, like the feel of sunbaked dirt between your fingers, or a gentle spring breeze. Or, it can be salty and cool, like the ocean." He smiles at the wordy description. "You should write that in a book." She looks down, embarrassed. "Maybe someday." After that, he asks her constantly to describe the colors. No one else can do it the right way. Red is hot and passionate, she tells him. It feels like the pull of excitement in your chest, it feels like anger, it feels like love. Orange is fun and quirky—it can be muted and soft, like the edges of a sunset, or wild and tangy, like a burst of citrus, or warm and homey, like a campfire. She says that yellow can be bright and fun like orange, or it can be even more gentle, like melting butter and the first rays of sunlight through the blinds, or the first breeze of springtime. She spends the longest time trying to explain blue to him, before they get interrupted by Gabe. She's going through the refrigerator, picking out the different colors of the foods, when he makes an offhanded comment under his breath that Percy doesn't really catch. Her spine straightens and she whips her head around, like he's personally offended her. "Sorry, what was that?" she asks politely, but he can hear the steel underneath. Gabe merely shrugs lazily and rolls his eyes. "It's stupid. The kid can't even see colors. Anyway, food can't be blue." "How would you know?" Percy says snappishly. "You can't see colors either." Gabe's eyes narrow and his features twist into an even nastier scowl, but before he has time to respond, Percy's mother grabs his arm and announces that they are going to the supermarket. The rule, she tells him, is that they are only allowed to buy blue things until Gabe apologizes. Percy tells her that isn't going to happen, but she only gets a playful twinkle in her eyes. "Blue can be cool," she tells him, grabbing a package of blueberries. "Like ice. It can make you feel cold all over." She pushes the cart down the candy aisle, stopping every so often to pick out blue gummies. "It can be smooth and steady, like the sky. Or, it can be refreshing, like when you dive into a pool. It can be deep and mysterious, like the bottom of the ocean. It can make a bold statement, like the edges of a gemstone," she continues, pulling a package of food coloring off the shelf and dropping it into the cart. "It can feel like an ocean breeze. It can feel like rocking in the water out at sea. It can be bright and pretty, like the blue of some people's eyes. It can be soft and chilly and sometimes a little sad, like waking up in the middle of the night and seeing the moonlight across your bed, or looking up at the night sky and suddenly feeling very small." As they're checking out, she says, "It can be consistent, steady as a compass needle. But you should never underestimate it, because it's very strong." When he sees the firm set of his mother's jaw, the gleam in her eyes when she unpacks the grocery bags in front of Gabe, the strong set of her shoulders while she puts the food away, he decides that blue is his favorite color. He carries his mother's words with him everywhere he goes. It makes him feel like he has a special secret, like even though he can't see the colors yet, he's still far ahead of everyone else his age. He would never discuss it with anyone other than his mother—it seems too personal, too intimate to share aloud. When she sends him off to boarding school, she buys him a copy of Spectra Color Key. He keeps it well-hidden from everyone at school, because usually the only people who buy it have recently colorbonded with their soulmate. It's a total cliché—the newly found soulmates will wander around arm and arm, pointing out different colors