Warnings: Mild descriptions of torture. Sequel to 'here's to drinks in the dark.' lay down on the cold ground She is watching the screen in the apartment, dutifully paying every bit of attention to Peeta and Katniss, hoping they can somehow manage another double victory. Haymitch was gone, in sponsor meetings all day, he said, and Effie might have thought that was odd if it had been any Tributes but Katniss and Peeta. When the explosion happens, she gasps. The screen fizzles as all the cameras shut down, and Effie reaches for the phone to call Haymitch, before remembering he's not in the building. She calls the Game Center, hoping they can redirect her, but the moment she introduces herself, the line cuts off. Her first thought is how rude , but it's followed by creeping terror. Something is wrong, the Games have never blacked out, and now she has no idea if Peeta and Katniss were all right. She can't just sit there, she decides, gathering her purse and heading for the door. It's locked, and the terror creeps closer to the forefront of her mind. "Well!" she exclaims, because she thinks she might scream otherwise. Everything is going wrong and nothing bothers Effie Trinket more than things not going the way they are supposed to. She goes back over to the phone to page one of the other escorts or someone in the building, because she can't be the only one having this problem (right?), but there is nothing but silence on the other end. She realizes that something is going on that she does not know about. The Capitol would never interrupt its own entertainment, which only leaves one other possibility, and Effie thinks of Finnick Odair sold every night to the highest bidder, and of Haymitch's family dead after he won the second Quarter Quell, and she trembles. She screams when the door slams open behind her, before it cutting off because screaming is not ladylike at all. She turns around to look at the Peacekeepers, batons out and charged with electricity. "Oh, my goodness, I'm so glad you're here!" she says, trying to calm down. "There's something wrong with the screen and the phone wasn't working—" "Effie Trinket, you are under arrest for suspected treason against the Capitol," one of them interrupts. For a second, Effie's mouth hangs open in a most unladylike manner, and she cannot find it in her to care. "What?" she barely breathes. The pieces slowly click into place; the way everyone from Plutarch to Haymitch to the other Victors have been so secretive. They are responsible for whatever has happened in the Arena. Two Peacekeepers step forward and grab her arms, while the first one tells her, "You are to come with us immediately. We are permitted to use any force necessary if you struggle." Effie Trinket has only ever struggled with getting Haymitch and her Tributes to follow her schedules. If she were the sort of person who would scoff at something, she would be doing it. Instead she simply shakes her head, even as the Peacekeepers pull her along. "No, there must be some mistake!" she says, and when they do not listen, her hysteria builds. "Please, let me speak to Plutarch or someone, I'm sure we can sort this all out!" She begs and begs, but does not struggle, because she thinks everything will be all right as soon as she can speak to someone in charge. She is taken to a holding cell, and she is crying, quiet little tears, because she is so very afraid. She has been a model citizen her entire life, because she knows what happens when someone is not. So she does the job she thought she always wanted and picks kids' names out of glass bowls to be killed for her entertainment. She has never, ever expressed discontent, except in the moments when the latest twelve year old she picked has been murdered, and her body is tangled with Haymitch's and her thoughts are tangled with alcohol. She is crying, because she has been left behind. There was never any love lost between her and Haymitch, not even when they would sleep together, but to be abandoned like this when Haymitch knows what the Capitol does to traitors hurts in a way Effie has never felt before. Effie smells roses before he enters, and then President Snow himself is sitting across from her with a congenial smile. "Miss Trinket," he says, as if he is her kindly old uncle. "Mr. President!" she squeaks, because she has only met him a handful of times, and even though she is afraid, the only thing she can think of is that she must look a mess in front of the president. She tries to sit a little straighter, but the handcuffs encircling her wrists don't allow her much movement. "I apologize for what I am sure is a most startling turn of events for you." He does not sound apologetic. "Has anyone explained what has happened at the Arena to you?" She shakes her head, stammering a little as she tells him no. "I see." He leans forward, and Effie's nose wrinkles at the coppery scent of blood underlying the smell of roses. The genial uncle is gone now, replaced with something threatening and sharp. "It seems that there were some traitors in our midst, Miss Trinket, including your three Victors." "T-traitors?" Effie repeats, dumbstruck. She has begun to figure out what is going on, but hearing it startles her. "Yes, your three Victors, as well as Gamemaker Plutarch Heavensbee," says Snow, nodding, and leaning back a little. "Seeing as how they made such a public getaway, we can only assume that this is some sort of rebellion against the Capitol." Effie does not know what to say to that. Snow sighs, and Effie thinks he's a little annoyed. The thought sends another shiver of terror through her. "Am I to understand that you had no idea what Haymitch Abernathy and his associates were planning?" he asks, and she can tell he has already made his decision. "Of course not, Mr. President!" she says as insistently as she can manage. If I was a part of it, do you think I would be here? she wants to scream, wants to shout at him that Haymitch Abernathy apparently trusted her as far as he could throw her, because he left her behind and he didn't even warn her. "If I had known any such thing, I would have reported it immediately, sir!" She wants to go home and sleep and forget all about the Games or being the escort for District 12. She wants to pretend she never met Haymitch Abernathy or that she never drew Primrose Everdeen's name. "I see." Snow stares at her for a long minute, and she fights the urge to fidget. "Miss Trinket, if you know anything at all, it is in your best interest to tell me now." She bursts into tears, because she cannot stand it anymore. "Please, sir," she sobs, "I don't know anything. I promise. Haymitch and I were colleagues; he didn't trust me with anything. I only tried to do my job as best I could, sir, please… You have to believe me, sir…" "Of course," Snow says with a kind smile. "Of course, I want to believe you, Miss Trinket. But in a time like this, you can never know who your enemies are." Effie's tears almost stop on command, shock running through her at the implied threat. The president walks out of the room, letting the Peacekeepers come back in. "Take her to a cell," he says coldly. "We'll see if she's telling the truth or not." She screams when they touch her and haul her out of the chair. She screams for Snow to come back, that there has been a mistake, that she is a Capitol citizen and she cannot be treated this way. Effie Trinket has never struggled against anything in her life, but as the Peacekeepers carry her down a dark hallway, she tries her best to struggle out of their grip, crying for someone to help her. After that first day, she couldn't keep track of her days and nights. She might have been in that cell for one month or one week, and she honestly couldn't tell anyone who asked her. After the peaceful interrogation with President Snow, she didn't see him again. She saw Peacekeepers plenty of times, though. It started off slowly, she supposes. They would come in, usually two or three, and they would have batons on their waists. "Hello, Miss Trinket," they would say almost pleasantly. Then they would ask her a question, like Where is Katniss Everdeen? or Did you know about the plot to rebel against the Capitol? Effie would always answer no. Then one would hit her, usually a quick slap to the face that left her cheek stinging. The first time it happened, she screamed, because she had never been hit before. She hadn't felt a pain like it before. Then they would ask their questions again, and Effie would always tell them she didn't know anything. They would hit her, again and again, hands and fists that left her crying. When she would beg them to stop, they would pull out their batons instead. When they were finished, they would leave her in a heap on the floor. "If you want this to stop, Miss Trinket, all you have to do is tell us where the rebels are hiding," a Peacekeeper tells her, voice low, like he's telling her a secret. She is a shaking, shivering mess in a tub with a thin line of water. She cannot find any tears to cry, so her sobs are dry and harsh. Every nerve feels like it is on fire, and she would curse Cinna for ever coming up with "The Girl on Fire" if she had not been forced to watch his murder. "Please," she manages to whisper hoarsely, even though begging has never made them stop before. She screams as another shock rips through her. When it stops, she can't think, she can't see anything except bright splotches of colored light, and she knows they must be asking her more questions, but she can't hear them. She braces for another shock, but it doesn't come. Her hearing comes back first, but everything sounds distant, far removed from her. Someone says, "We have a live one here," and she wonders if that is a really bad joke. Effie feels herself being lifted out of the tub, and she whimpers because everything hurts. Whoever is carrying her whispers something that sounds like comforting words, but Effie can only wonder what torture is about to be inflicted on her. They have never staged a fake rescue before, and she doesn't want to imagine how it ends. Maybe they think it will break her completely, her dreams of rescue finally coming true only to have them crushed at the last second, but Effie stopped hoping she would be rescued long ago. She doesn't know where she is taken. Her eyes are still not functioning properly, no matter how many times she tries blinking away the splotches of color or the blurriness. But someone around her gasps, "Oh my – I think this is Effie Trinket!" Effie whimpers, because of the contradictory impulse of wanting to confirm her identity and wanting no one to recognize her. She is a mess, stripped of her colorful makeup, wig, and dress. She doesn't even feel like herself anymore. "Someone get Haymitch!" the person orders, and Effie moans again. He is the last person she wants to see her like this. "Shh, Miss Trinket, it's okay. You're okay now." She feels something prick her skin, and then she can't remember anything at all. When she wakes up, her mouth is dry, but the constant fire in