Disclaimer: This is based on the book series written by Stephenie Meyer and is a tribute to her characters. It is purely written for fun and not for profit. Hyperfocus Fatigued after a long day, I flopped down on the sofa, sinking down into the cushions with a sigh of relief. Grabbing the fuzzy blanket off the back, I settled into the corner of the couch, covering my legs and feet. I checked my emails on my laptop and surfed the net, before becoming bored. I was tired, but not yet sleepy. Spying the book Twilight under my coffee table, I decided to read a few passages to entertain myself until I felt ready to head off to bed for the night. I'd read the whole series numerous times before discovering the almost never-ending supply of fan fiction on the net dealing with my favorite characters. Now it had been several years since I read the originals, though I was still very familiar with the storyline. I hunkered down with the first book, getting lost in the story once again, seeing it all in my mind clear as day as my eyes skimmed over the familiar words. Soon Bella entered the cafeteria with Jessica, and I could easily picture it: the room full of teenagers - sitting, standing, walking, talking, whispering, shouting, waiting, eating, drinking, laughing, reading, listening to music, texting, kissing, and cuddling all at the same time in the same space. I could imagine the cacophony of sound from a hundred simultaneous conversations and the unpleasant mixture of body odor, cleaning chemicals, and greasy foods, just like any other public high school cafeteria in the rural counties across America. Lastly, I could envision the table full of bored vampires, posing with their uneaten props, not even bothering to speak with one another as they attempted to tolerate their surroundings. I continued reading: " One girl sat next to me in both Trig and Spanish, and she walked with me to the cafeteria for lunch. She was tiny, several inches shorter than my five feet four inches, but her wildly curly dark hair made up a lot of the difference between our heights. I couldn't remember her name, so I smiled and nodded as she prattled about teachers and classes. I didn't try to keep up. We sat at the end of a full table with several of her friends, who she introduced to me. I forgot all their names as soon as she spoke them. They seemed impressed by her bravery in speaking to me." I couldn't help thinking of Midnight Sun at this point. This scene was so much more interesting when considering Edward's point of view of it at the same time. I focused on the vampires and could see them posed just the way Bella was about to describe them. The more I focused on them the closer my view got, as if I were zooming in with a camera, or simply moving closer. I watched Edward's head move slowly to the left and then to the right. Smiling to myself, I focused on him, moving closer again, noticing as his eyes looked up to the ceiling and then back down. He's communicating with Alice , I thought to myself, smiling wider. My smile faltered as I remembered why. Jasper . My eyes flicked to him and saw how dark his were, how uncomfortable he was. As I watched, Jasper's eyes darkened further and focused on a girl at the end of the table next to theirs. "Jasper!" Edward growled, kicking his chair. Jasper met Edward's black gaze for a minute, then dropped his head, a look of shame twisting his features. I scowled as Jasper muttered an apology. Edward shrugged, and Alice murmured, "You weren't going to do anything. I could see that." I frowned, knowing Alice was about to be condescending to him, talking about the girl's family, making Jasper feel worse about himself. As if talking to him like a child will help his self-confidence and drive to succeed. I rolled my eyes. "Seriously, Alice. Give him a break. Edward's the one you should be worrying about. He's the one about to …." I would've finished my sentence - I had a habit of talking to the characters when they did stupid things in the stories I read - except for the fact that all five of them were staring at me in shock. I trailed off and blinked a few times, surprised. That didn't usually happen, unless I was writing a story including myself as one of the characters. But I wasn't writing anything, I was just reading. Right? "Um, did you hear ..do you see me?" I blurted out confused, my words all jumbled together. They all frowned and nodded. "Who are you?" Rose demanded in a bitchy tone, clearly implying ' Who the hell do you think you are ?' My eyes flew around the room, my senses fully engaged, noticing how real everything seemed despite my mental reminder that I was only reading a book. Normally that would have been more than enough to bring me jolting back to the reality of my living room, yet the cafeteria was still clear as day. Frowning deeply, with furrowed brows, I looked directly at Edward and asked, "Can they see me?" "Who?" Edward asked, looking at me like I was crazy at the same time Rosalie muttered, "What the hell is wrong with her?" Ignoring Rose's glares, I rolled my eyes at Edward and murmured under my breath in a scathingly condescending tone, "The humans, duh ." All five of them instantly growled at me, but a quick scan of the nearby tables indicated none of the humans heard it. Why could I hear it? I wondered. Alice was spaced out, obviously looking into the future, Edward was concentrating with a constipated look on his face, and Jasper was watching me like a hawk who'd spied a juicy mouse after starving for a week. Emmett was surprised, but not worried, and Rosalie was constantly flicking her gaze from me to her siblings to the nearby humans and back again. "They don't see her. She's invisible to them!" Edward growled at the same time Alice admitted in a panicked squeak, "I can't see her! She doesn't exist ." "What the hell are you?" Rose demanded ferociously, reaching out to grab me. I didn't even have time to think about trying to dodge her claws before her hand passed right through my arm. They all froze, just as shocked as I was, giving me their undivided attention. Oh, I'm dreaming , I thought. Of course . Smiling, then grinning, I chuckled. "Well, obviously I'm not a threat, since I can't touch you and the humans can't see or hear me." I felt it was wise to point that out to them, so they could all calm down and stop trying to figure out how to kill me. I saw Edward shake his head minutely and realized he was answering someone's thoughts. "What?" Rose hissed in a near silent whisper. "Edward can't hear her, Alice can't see her, and I can't feel her," Jasper breathed. Oh, goody! I thought, then mentally smirked as I figured out they thought I couldn't hear them either. Rose's eyes widened in fear, while Emmett scoffed, "Well, duh, she's a ghost." Sure, I could be a ghost , I thought with amusement. "Exactly, Emmett! A+ for you!" I praised with a smirk. Jasper lifted an eyebrow and interrogated, "Why were you so surprised that Rose couldn't touch you?" I shrugged. "I didn't know I was a ghost. I was alive in my living room an hour ago." It sounded like a reasonable explanation to me, and it was absolutely true. This was one of the best dreams I'd had in ages. "How'd you die?" Rose questioned suspiciously, narrowing her eyes. I shrugged again. "No idea. One minute I was relaxing on my couch, reading a book, and the next, I was standing here with you. Maybe a vampire drained me dry," I suggested with a grim smile. I looked over and noticed Bella was getting bored with the conversations around her and starting to glance around the cafeteria. "Try to look normal," I hissed urgently. I shook my head and rolled my eyes, before correcting myself. "I mean human ." I chuckled to myself and added, "You all probably look a little crazy talking to the air right now." They all quickly shifted position self-consciously, directing their heads away from me, but still watching me in their peripherals. "The new girl is about to notice you guys, and the first thing she's going to think about is how inhumanly beautiful you are, how much alike you look, how none of you are eating or talking or behaving like normal teenagers," I warned. They grimaced and quickly began making corrections to their behavior, mimicking the gestures and actions of those around them. Rose and Emmett began kissing each other, their hands coming up to shield each others' faces in the guise of stroking each others' cheeks. I noticed Bella's eyes skim hastily over them, embarrassed by witnessing their public display of affection. Jasper hunched over, rifling through his backpack, as if searching for something. It put him out of her view, since the only thing she could see over the heads of the other students was the back of his jacket. Alice took out her phone and bent her head down to look at it as she began surfing the net. Finding nothing for her eyes to latch onto, Bella's eyes skimmed over them as well. Edward sighed and began pretending to eat the bread he'd been tearing to pieces on his plate. He brought pieces up to his mouth then tossed them rapidly into the napkin in his lap while pretending to bite and chew. After every five or six 'bites', he pretended to take a sip of his soda. The first time he started to lift it to his mouth, I huffed, "Open it first, idiot. You think no one will notice? You think that won't be incredibly weird? Don't answer that. If you move your lips to talk at vampire speed, she'll notice." "Who's that ?" we heard Bella ask. I was loving my new enhanced hearing and thrilled I had already changed the story. "Don't look at them," I quickly warned, just in time to stop Edward from turning his head in response to hearing his name in Jessica's thoughts. "Edward Cullen," Jessica giggled. "I know, gorgeous, right? His whole family is. But don't waste your time, he doesn't date. Apparently none of the girls here are good-looking enough for him." She sniffed, and the other girls nodded their heads in agreement. Bella raised an eyebrow, but didn't reply. "Edward, you should pretend to answer your phone and smile into it," I suggested. Jasper had taken out a text book and notebook and was pretending to do homework. Edward put his phone up to his ear and started to smile, but his smile turned into a grimace as he suddenly realized he couldn't hear Bella's thoughts. His eyes darted to mine, and he demanded, "Why can't I hear her thoughts either? Are you shielding her?" I snorted. "Nope, she's got her own mental shield. She's gonna be an incredibly powerful vampire, strong enough to protect your whole family." "What? Why would she become a vampire?" Edward growled, his question and growls echoed by Rosalie. "To keep her from dying, of course," I replied nonchalantly. "Oh!" Edward replied, his anger quickly draining away, though his brow furrowed at whatever he was thinking. Rose didn't say anything, simply huffed and rolled her eyes. I knew mentioning that Bella would be able to protect their family would make Rose interested. After all, Rose was all about protecting her family. Sure enough, her curious gaze, as well as Emmett's