Summary: An orphan was accused of thievery and was about to be punished for it when someone comes in for the rescue. With the help of a few friends of his, they inspire the orphan to be something more than just "an orphan." In just one day, her whole world has taken a new course where just one man was the shining light in her dark world. I decided to write this because I wanted to take a break from my other story. At first I forgot about this one-shot and then I was listening to "Capri" by Colbie Caillat. Then I looked up the name and decided I want to use that in a story sometime. That got me into thinking it would have to be a small story and so that reminded me of that idea for a FF oneshot I made up a loooonnnng time ago. And then this was spawned. The end. (: POV: 1st person I believe this is AU … if not, correct me and tell me what kind of story this is. Disclaimer: I do not own the one character I used from Tolkein's book (which I just realized … I only used one character. That's strange for a Fanfic …) These days were always the busiest for the market place. Citizens were getting their homes ready to celebrate love, family, and sharing. They would usually decorate their doors with red, yellow, and white flowers, which signified the loved, the friendly, and the forgotten. Gold paint would also adorn their doors, dripping off of the flowers as it was smeared onto the door frames for fortune and prosperity to the homes. I'm not quite sure who made up this tradition, but I thought it was silly. Not only did they waste money on flowers that would die in a couple days and paint that would wash off with the early showers, they would pay much for blessings on their home from the famous oracle Eden. I don't really believe in this so called "oracle," because all that veiled magician did was take the money and tell those fools what they wanted to hear. "You're home, descendants, and your life will be blessed and expanded." But anyway, I couldn't complain too much because then, at those times of the year, was when people were most generous and loving on us, the orphans. We always looked forward to when the market was flooded with sinful hearts, trying to redeem their purity, which is just fine with me. Like I said, I couldn't complain, so I accept the guilty. Luckily, for us and the shoppers, it was a gorgeous day, unlike the previous where it drowned us out. I'm pretty sure all the people with money are quite aware of all of our little groups trying to earn a coin here and there. You see, in the world of street orphans, we usually collected the kids who had some sort of talent that could bring in some pay. The gang I have been traveling with since I was 8-years-old consisted of a good balance of both genders. Though, some have left, either voluntarily or forcefully, and some have entered, but I stuck with this group for 7 years. I would never abandon this group and I think they too know that because they now dub me as "the mother hen," since I am now the eldest girl in the group. Also, I love the kids to death in my group! I really do feel like they're my children or siblings in a way, so I always try to help and protect them. Just then, something tugged onto my ragged skirt, shaking me out of my daydream. I peered down to meet big chocolate brown eyes that were complimented with a huge yellow grin. I picked up the youngest of my "children," Ren. He's only three and it broke my heart when the eldest boy in my gang found the little thing set by the trash dump. I pitied the poor creature and immediately wrapped him in my skirts, cooing at the child. And from then on, he was my favourite, although I would never admit that out loud. "ah, ah, ah. No, Ren, don't grab at Capri's hair," I chided the toddler while trying to pull out my dark brown hair from his grasp. He always loved to touch my long tresses, perhaps because they were soft and shiny. In the distance, I spotted out the eldest boy in my gang, he was only 2 years older than I—my blood-brother Cyl. He was much taller than I and his skin sported a good load of freckles that were scattered across his cheeks, nose, and shoulders. I remember I was at first curious about them when I first met him, and then jealous. I didn't have any freckles but I was just as pale as him, so that didn't make any sense to me. He one day explained that it was because his Papa had red hair and freckles as well. I thought he was sure lucky that he at least knew what his parents looked like; to at least know where he came from than not knowing anything about his heritage like the lot of us. I really couldn't remember anything before I met the gang, but I knew I was brought up in a proper manner since the gang said I talked like the "rich folk." But I have no time to dwell in the past, because right now here came Cyl in a purposeful stride towards me with a not-so-friendly face. Just as he approached, I gave my best smile, "G'morning, Cyl! How is day's work going so far for you?" Stopping right in front of me, I sucked in my breath when he looked hard at me with his hazel eyes, "Capri, do ya have any idea where the other kids are?" He said while watching me look around myself confused. "What do you—" but he cut me off. "You were supposed to look after them! Do you know how hard it will be for me to find them now? I need Wyn right now and I thought ya would of had 'im." "Was I? I thought you had the boys? I sent the girls off near the fountain in the plaza to collect money. But it doesn't matter, I'll go find them," I was going to walk past him but he held up a dirty hand in my face. "I sent them out too. I'm just tryin' to find Wyn. But I have no time to look for 'im so I guess ya will have to," running a hand through his redish-brown hair. "Alright, alright. I will. Can you just take Ren with you, though? I rather not lose him in the process of finding another." Without giving him a time to respond, I lifted the child from my hip and handed him to Cyl's out stretched hands. "Thank you," I said with a grin and got up on my tippy-toes to give him a peck on the cheek. "Yea, whatever," he muttered, turning his blushing face away from mine. He hated when I did this in public but I couldn't help that I loved to irritate him. Although, we're more of siblings than lovers so it was not like it meant anything to us—at least me. I'm not sure what Cyl thought of our relationship, but I really didn't want to know in case it would jeopardize our close-knit friendship. I turned to go, giving him a quick wave, "I'll be with the girls when I find him!" I yelled as distance was growing in between us. I lifted my skirts to reveal worn out brown boots and began to run, but then looked back one last time at Cyl. He was talking to Ren in his arms, but then gave a face when the kid grabbed a handful of his hair. I couldn't help but laugh at that adorable scene. He sure was good with children, even if he was always trying to keep up a tough façade. As I look back to whenever we would talk or walk next to each other, I couldn't deny that Cyl was handsome and he would make any woman happy because he's a hard worker. Anyway, I need to think. Well, I was thinking—no, I need to think about finding Wyn. I argued with myself while I squeezed myself through the crowd. Hmm, now if I was Wyn, where would I go? Looking left and right, I couldn't spot the little runt at the sweets shop or the toy booth. Come on, Capri, think, think real hard, my head challenged sarcastically. Well, that was a harsh way of calling myself stupid (even more, me insulting myself), but nevertheless, I should have thought first about fruit booths. That child just loved fruit to death ever since I handed him his first slice of a red apple,he was hooked. I made my way through the throng of people with a polite manner and swift movement. Some people who looked down at me while I said, "Pardon me" and "Excuse me" would give me a disgusted face and would try not to touch me. Though, that was some, others would smile at me because I appeared as friendly as I could. I knew I had a pretty face so I used it to my advantage, which was proposed by Cyl a few years ago when I was starting to become a woman. Finally, as I was up on my tippy-toes, looking around at all the little shops, I found the black hair of a little tan boy. His dirty brown britches and dark green tunic were seen through the spaces between the bustling crowd. I made my way through them to get to the little boy, and just as I called out his name, he turned around while taking a bite out of an apple. Furious, I closed the distance between us and snatched the apple away from his grimy hands. "Wyn! What do you think you're doing?" With tears in his eyes, he swallowed the last of the apple chunk, "I-I was just—" "Wyn, Cyl and I both told you this was a no-no. Look! Look at this!" I showed him the bite in the apple. "Hey, you, girl!" a voice called out to me. I looked up to the fruit stand owner, feeling the death glare on me. He seemed to be alerted by my loud voice, so I guess this was my fault in the first place. "What are you doing? Put that—" but he noticed the huge bite out of the apple and then up at me, who was holding it and looking like I'm about to comfort the crying boy with the stolen apple I munched on. "You can't do that! Theft! Thievery! Soldier, soldier!" Out of instinct, I grabbed Wyn's hand and ran off into the crowd, which parted to let us get away. Was it out of pity for our poor souls? I didn't steal anything, I didn't steal anything! My thoughts kept saying over and over as I rushed through the obstacle of spectators. This mass of people seemed to never end, and the soldiers were catching up. I croached down and roughly handed Wyn the apple, "Honey, Capri has to go. You meet the girls at the fountain in the plaza." But he held onto my dark skirt as I was getting up. "No, Wyn, go!" I shoved him roughly into the crowd as I got up to run again. It didn't take long for the soldiers to catch me. They grabbed tightly on both arms, hauling me back over to the fruit booth. I ran a long ways away from it, so all awhile they were dragging me over, I screamed and yelled, thrashing in their grip. "I didn't do it! I didn't steal anything! Stop