Author's Notes: I do not own Harry Potter. In no way shape or form do I make money off this work. That said this story is not canon. Nor is it meant to be. This was an idea I had after reading a story in which Harry was removed from the guardianship of Vernon and Petunia during his first year at Hogwarts. I wasn't sure where it would go and quite frankly some of the aspects would never work in reality. But having now finished the tale, I find I like it as it is. Hopefully you will enjoy it also. Lessons Learned A Harry Potter fanfiction By: The Mother Rose An undistinguished man of middle years sat on a typical porch watching as the shadows stole silently across the world bringing about the end of another long and lazy summer day. He listened to the children of the area at play as he watched the sun slowly setting on his beloved England. His face was lined with age and his hair was peppered with the iron grey that came with approaching old age. Only his eyes showed the hard won wisdom he'd gained during his life. A magazine showing a fly fisherman lay unattended on his lay and on the table beside his chair a flat-bottomed mug of liquid sat beside an ashtray holding his cherished long-stem pipe. The mug was a remnant of his days as a seaman in the royal navy and bore the seal of the boat he'd served upon before going into the legal services department. A small bag of rough-cut, cherry flavored tobacco lay on it's side near the ashtray and next to the burning candle he used to light the thin piece of ash wood he used to light his pipe. It was his custom to sit here on the porch each evening enjoying a solitary bowl of the life stealing weed as he watched each day come to a close. Night was falling and soon the children would be called in by weary parents yearning for the peace and quiet that only came when the kids were abed for the night. Soon they would get their wish and the neighborhood would fall quiet. At their stage in life, the precious moments came fast a furious but every minute they could get of peace and quiet ranked higher than the memories they were making as their children grew into adults. It would only be when their children grew up and moved away from home that they would realize just how fleeting these days truly were. For now, they just looked forward to the time when their children were soundly sleeping in their beds, safe for the moment and more importantly, quiet. But this man had never had any children of his own so he took pleasure in the sound of his neighbors happy children and like many in his position, counted each one as a child of his as well. Because they were the children of his neighbors. The children who came around for light chores to earn pocket money during the summer or for treats on Halloween and to sing carols during the Christmas season. They came to sell things for the scouts and school functions or sports teams as well and he always made sure he bought something even as he knew he could use none of it. But that was how a responsible adult supported their neighborhood children and helped to raise them into responsible, caring adults in their own right. So that was what he did. And everything he bought from the children he'd give out as Christmas presents to those on his list. Mostly clients through the firm he worked at. These days he only worked pat-time as he was semi-retired now but he still had a rather long list of clients who preferred to deal with him rather than trust their legal needs to a newcomer in the firm. Tonight, he wasn't really watching the children, though. Instead, he was staring at the completely normal looking house catacorner from his own. A house where once a week the service he'd hired, when the truth of the house broke over the neighborhood, came to mow the lawns and trim the bushes and hedges and once a year repaired any damage done to the outside of the building. To keep the house looking normal. Just as it always had. Because that was a part of the story of that house. The tragic story. A normal looking house that had hidden a great evil. Some would say it'd hidden the greatest of evils and in his opinion, they'd be right. He knew though, as did all the old residents of this area, that house was anything but normal. No, it was a house of horrors for a neighborhood like this one. Because in that house the unspeakable had happened. And that was why he had hired the service to tend the house and property. Because for him and his neighbors, the house was a reminder of past mistakes. A reminder of just what their suppositions could allow. What mistakes they could cover and hide. A reminder of just how far they were willing to let their collective unwillingness to see and observe go. And for that reason, they, the neighbors on this quiet street, needed it to look just as it always had. To be the reminder they all needed to never let it happen again. The house served as their social conscious now and so long as he was alive he planned to make certain it always would. A few steps away from where he sat a screen door squeaked loudly as a young woman stepped onto the porch. Pulling a pack of cigarettes from her pocket, she tapped one out as she crossed the porch to sit beside him. She quickly lit the cigarette, it's end glowing a bright, angry, cherry red as she drew the smoke into her lungs. Tension bled from her shoulders as she exhaled the lung full of grey smoke into the darkening night a few seconds later. It was a hard and fast rule of the house, set by his wife when she had still lived, that all smoking would be done on the porch where the smoke residue couldn't taint the house walls and furnishings. "What are you seeing tonight, Uncle?" she asked quietly. She, like her Uncle, was a quiet, unassuming young woman who found working in a quiet library well suited to her tastes. She'd moved in with her Uncle six months ago when she'd finished her schooling and found a job in this area at the local lending library. She'd not yet had cause to regret it. He had no one but her these days since her Aunt had died and, though it was unusual these days for young people of her generation to willingly move in with their older relatives in order to care for them and be there for them, she found her Uncle to be good company. He turned his head towards her and chuckled quietly. "The past, Breezy. The past." She took another drag from the cigarette as she turned to observe the street blowing the grey smoke out into the not quite quiet evening. Light blue wisps of smoke curled lazily from the burning end of her cigarette as she held it lightly between her fingers, staring out into the gathering darkness that was spreading over the neighborhood. The children were beginning to thin out now with only the oldest of them still gathered in small clumps here and there. She took another drag making the end of her cigarette glow a bright fire red and temporarily ending the wisps of blue smoke. Tilting her head upwards she blew a new stream of grey smoke into the air before asking, "Anything in particular? Or just the random memories of a long gone childhood?" He chuckled quietly at his niece's veiled reference to his approaching old age. "Memories of that house there and the mistakes we made concerning the people who called that house home," he replied with a tilt of his head. His voice held a touch of bitterness. The young lady frowned as she followed the head tilt to the house across the way. "The empty house? Number Four? What about it?" She was new to this area as her parents hadn't liked her Aunt and Uncle and had never brought her to visit when she was growing up. She'd known they lived here, of course. But her father, while not a criminal himself, wasn't the kind of man to be comfortable around anyone who worked in law enforcement or believed in God, Queen and Country above all else. And her mother had supported her father in everything he said or did. So when she'd gotten a job at the local lending library, she'd written to her Uncle asking for a place to stay while she looked for a place of her own. He'd written back and told her she was welcome to move in with no need to look further for a home whenever she was ready. She'd never looked back. The job didn't pay much and most likely never would but she liked it and had no intention of looking for a higher paying job elsewhere. She didn't need to as Uncle had told her she had a home here as long as she wanted it. He had no children to leave it to and his wife had died before she'd moved here. The house was paid for so there would be no mortgage for her to assume. All she had to do was pay to transfer the title and then pay the yearly taxes. Her small wages could easily cover that and still leave her enough to live comfortably on. She'd gone to Uni to get her credentials and she was more than glad to actually find work in the field she'd studied at all. Some of her peers weren't that lucky. With the advent of computers hard copy books were slowly becoming a thing of the past. More and more these days people were choosing not to read books for their entertainment. Which was making it harder for Libraries and Book Sellers to keep their doors open. So many of her peers who had studied in the same field as herself had been unable to find a posting after getting their credentials. Either that or the postings they found didn't offer a living wage. But she was lucky. She had a comfortable place to live where she didn't need to worry about paying rent or getting evicted for some random reason. She and her Uncle rubbed along quite well together. Unlike many of her generation, she didn't yearn after the bright city lights and the never-ending life said to exist there. She was content to sit home in the evening just listening to her Uncle or reading a good book. "That house wasn't always empty, Breezy. Once upon a time a family lived there. A family of three. Well, four really. The family had a foundling child they took in when he was a fifteen month old baby. We all thought that family was one of the best of us. Charitable and giving people we all stove to emulate in our own lives." The bitterness in his voice when he said that last was so heavy she couldn't miss it. But knowing her Uncle quite well by now, she didn't ask for explanations. He'd tell her if he wanted her to know. But if he thought it none of her business or if it had something to do with one of his clients, nothing she could say or do would suffice to make him tell her. He'd been a solicitor during his working years after leaving the Queen's service and still kept his hand in at his old firm