I'm back! :D A lot of you have been asking for a Bella/OC pairing so here it is! It's kind of a mix of Another Chance and I'm in Love with a Rockstar, so that's something to look forward to :) This is going to be a Bella/OC pairing for sure, so don't hope otherwise. I'm also warning you guys now that the first 10 chapters or so will have lots and lots of time jumps. I'm just really trying to get to the climax as fast as I can, but I also need to establish Bella's relationship with my characters. Guess here's my disclaimer... DISCLAIMER : I do not own Bella, Charlie, Angela, the Cullens, or any of Stephanie Meyer's characters. They are hers, although I wish they were mine :) I also do not own any brand name clothes or songs that are used in the story. HOWEVER, I do own the characters that I make myself and you'll be introduced to them soon enough :D I hope you guys enjoy! P.S. I thought I'd just throw it out there that it's my 2 YEAR FREAKING ANNIVERSARY on FanFiction. So, YAY to me! :DDD Chapter 1: Broken Glass Bella POV I could hear myself screaming, calling, and begging for his name, but I couldn't wake up. I wouldn't allow myself to wake up. I could clearly see his face in front of me. He stood there with a stoic expression. His liquid-like topaz eyes stared through me as if I wasn't even there. I took a step towards him. He took two steps back. "Edward…" I whispered his name shakily, mentally begging him to say something. Anything. "Please!" I begged. Suddenly, his eyes got darker. I couldn't tear my eyes from his own. It felt like I was looking into a deep, black hole. His lips pulled back into a snarl. Then… he lunged. "Bella!" I gasped and shot out from my bed. My chest heaved up and down erratically as I took in huge gulps of air. My fingers were clenched around my sheets tightly, making my knuckles turn white. "Bella?" I heard my name get called out again. I looked to my left and saw Charlie looking at me with a very worried expression. "Are you alright?" "I'm f-fine," I stuttered with a cracked voice. Charlie sighed and sat on my bed. He took my hands into his and looked at me directly in the eye. "You've been having nightmares every single day for the past couple of months, Bella. This isn't normal. Not for anyone," he said softly. "I'm fine, Dad. I swear," I said trying to convince not only him but only myself. Charlie took another sigh, saying, "Okay." He finally stood and made his way through my door. Just before he could exit, he turned around mid-step and said, "Bella, everyone experiences pain. I know you're going through a painful time right now. I get that, but you don't have to be so miserable. Misery and pain are two different things. Pain is unavoidable, but to put yourself through misery is an option. You don't have to be miserable if you don't want to." After his speech, he closed the door and left me to think about his words. "Did you hear?" Jessica asked Lauren. "Totally! I can't believe we're having five new kids again. Talk about awesome!" Lauren exclaimed. I couldn't help but flinch when she said 'five new kids.' It was too much of a remembrance of what I had lost. It brought too much pain. "Can't you two be a little more considerate?" Angela hissed at them, her eyes glancing towards me. However, Jessica just rolled her eyes while Lauren stuck up her nose and gave me a dirty look. "Boo hoo," Lauren fake cried, "We're hurting Miserable Swan's feelings. Who cares? If it were up to me, she wouldn't even be sitting with us." I clenched my hands into fists under the table. I chanted a mantra inside my head, desperately trying to keep calm. Don't punch Lauren. Don't punch Lauren. Don't punch – "We all know that she's just sitting with us because Edward Cullen dumped her. About time too. I don't even see what he saw in her. She's not a Swan. She's an ugly, little – " A sickening crunch echoed throughout the cafeteria. Everyone's eyes turned towards the noise, which was unfortunately in my direction. My fist had just finished colliding with Lauren's nose. I took satisfaction in the fact that I felt her nose break under my fist. "You bitch!" she shrieked, covering her broken and bleeding nose. I merely smirked. "I've always wanted to do that," I spat at her. Everyone at our table – Jessica, Angela, Eric, Mike, and Tyler – looked at me with wide eyes and dropped jaws. "By the way, don't ever talk about me as if I'm not even there. It's rude," I hissed at Lauren, before walking away. "Freak!" I heard her yell out. "Plastic bitch!" I shouted back, not even bothering to turn around. The rest of my day turned out rather well, despite the fact that I was the talk of the school once again. I wasn't surprised at all. If anything, I was rather shocked that I haven't been called up to the Principal's Office yet. I was sitting all alone on the bleachers during gym class when I heard clapping to my right. I turned my head to see an unfamiliar face smirking. That was odd. All faces in Forks High are usually familiar to me, unless… "Bloody Hell, woman! That was some punch you gave that girl there," he praised with a slight British accent. I looked him over and realized that he was unnaturally pale. My face blanched at the thought of pale skin. "Umm, thanks. I guess," I muttered. Instead of backing off like most others should have, he took a seat next to me. He unexpectedly wrapped an arm around my shoulders and pulled me to him close enough for some of his brown hair to fan across my face. "As you can probably tell, I'm new here, but I can tell that you and I are going to be great friends," he grinned, giving me a look at the metal ball piercing below his bottom lip. "Umm…" "Ives! Dammit! You're scaring her," a voice shouted, but this time it was a girl's voice. I turned to the direction of the voice and saw a girl walking towards us. Her long brown hair blew behind her and her pale skin seemed to be glowing. "Ives?" I asked, unsure of his name. He nodded enthusiastically and held out his hand for me to shake. At the touch of his hand, I was slightly surprised to feel how hot he was in comparison to my own heat. "Yup, that's the name. I'm Ives Fiore. That's pronounced fee-yo-ree, by the way," he said. By this time, the girl had finally reached us. She was glaring intensely at Ives. "Ives!" she scolded. "You know what Adrien said." "I know, but you have to admit, Rayne. This girl can pack a punch! Anyone who can punch like that must become my friend," he exclaimed. The girl, Rayne, finally acknowledged me. "Okay, it was impressive," she admitted, giving me a warm smile. "Thanks," I said again, "Are you two related?" "Actually, we have adoptive parents," Rayne answered. My mind automatically thought back to them , but I tried to shake away the thoughts. "I'm Rayne, by the way." I couldn't help but chuckle, surprising myself a bit. "Yeah, I caught that," I replied, pointing a finger at Ives. "And I'm Bella. Bella Swan," I introduced. "Nice to meet you," she smiled, shaking my hand. "So… Bella ," Ives sang. "What?" "Will you be my first best friend here? 'Cuz that would totally be awesome," he exclaimed, mocking Lauren's earlier choice of words. My eyes widened at the realization, but I just passed it off as a coincidence. "Sure," I replied. Ives grinned widely and pumped his fist in the air. Suddenly, he stood up and yelled across the gym. "What now, Daniel? I made a friend! I'm not as weird as you say I am!" Somewhere inside the gym, someone yelled a faint, "Shut up!" "Uhh..." I said awkwardly. Rayne just looked at my bewildered expression and laughed. "He's talking to another one of our siblings, Daniel," she explained, "If you hadn't noticed already, Ives is kind of the – " "The idiot of the family?" I joked. She laughed but nodded. Ives, however, pouted and crossed his arms, saying, "I resent that." "No, you don't," Rayne argued. "Anyways," she continued, turning to me, "Daniel made a bet with him that because he's so weird, he won't be able to make a single friend on the first day." I nodded at the information. "So what do you win?" I asked Ives, nudging him. "He has to be Marc's punching buddy," he answered with relief in his voice. "Marc…?" "Our ten-year-old brother," Rayne answered for me, "He tends to be very… hyperactive." "It doesn't help that he eats too much ice cream," Ives mumbled. I was about to ask him what he meant when the bell rang. "It was nice meeting you," Rayne said quickly, "I'll see you around!" She walked away and met up with whom I assume to be Daniel. "Isn't there supposed to be five of you?" I asked Ives before her could leave. "Yeah, but Landon was too lazy to come today and Patrick is a bit of a loner," he answered with a shrug. "You're one odd family aren't you?" I asked with a laugh. He merely grinned. "Tell me about it," he chuckled. "Well, I better get going," I announced. "Bye, best friend!" he exclaimed before I could walk out of sight. Ives didn't see it, but I had a huge smile on my face. It was honestly the first genuine smile I've had in months. Maybe this new family won't be as bad as I thought. The next day, I started out the day with my usual routine. I woke up from another nightmare, took a shower, got dressed, and drove to school. Even I have to admit that it's getting just a bit too boring. My morning at school, however, started off a bit differently. I was staring out into space like I usually do when I heard the loud roar of a motorcycle. Motorcycle? My eyes snapped to the origin of the noise. A guy dressed in a black leather jacket and black converse stepped off of the motorcycle and winked at a bunch of girls that were ogling him. He was also unnaturally pale like the others. I could see a bit of Rayne's features in him except that his hair is much darker. I could see why the girls were ogling him, but I just didn't want to dwell on the matter. "That freaking show-off," I heard a voice say. I turned towards the voice and saw another pale-skinned and brown-haired boy. He had his face buried into a professional camera. By the looks of the camera, I could assume that it was very expensive. Noticing his demeanor, I concluded that he must be Patrick and the one on the motorcycle must be Landon. "Somebody's jealous," Ives' now familiar voice sang. Patrick finally pulled the camera from his face and rolled his eyes. "Fuck off, you muppet," Patrick hissed. "Whatever, leprechaun," Ives chided, a teasing grin on his lips. Patrick opened his mouth to speak but Ives decided to acknowledge my presence before he could actually speak. "Bella! My best friend," Ives exclaimed, taking a seat beside me. Patrick let out an unattractive snort. "You're best friend with this idiot?" he spat out. "Umm… kind of…" I mumbled. Ives mock gasped. "I am terribly hurt by your words!" "No, you're not," both Patrick and I