Author's Notes: Not for anyone who is a fan of Snape, nice!Lily, or male!Blaise. Severus Snape felt a familiar scowl on his face as he watched the cluster of first years enter the Great Hall. His eyes, unwillingly, searched among them for a particular eleven-year-old boy he was expecting to see this September, and his scowl widened as he caught sight of what he was looking for—a black-haired boy with round spectacles. Lily's son. Potter 's son. He scowled. The Potter spawn, oblivious, was laughing and pointing out the enchanted ceiling with to friends. Severus recognized one as Alice Longbottom's brat, and the other as the daughter of Estella Zabini-Travis-Moreau-something-or-the-other. It had been a surprise when he had heard the rumors that Lily was quite close with the infamous black widow, but he could at least take comfort in the fact that Lily was a woman, and unlikely to be a mark for her. The Sorting Hat had finished its song, and Minerva took her place near the stool. Severus forced his thoughts to turn from Lily and the Potter spawn, as he listened attentively to the selection of the new students. There were a couple—the Boot boy, the Greengrass girl—he was eager to see in Slytherin. "Abbott, Hannah!" "HUFFLEPUFF!" Severus absently clapped for the newly minted Hufflepuff. The Headmaster had spoken to him quite sternly before the Sorting about appearing "welcoming" to the first years and that if Severus practiced "positivity" enough he could overcome his surliness. Rubbish, but then again, he didn't under Severus any more now than when he had when Severus was a student. "Bones, Susan!" "HUFFLEPUFF!" "Boot, Terrence!" "RAVENCLAW!" Severus glared at the Hat, pointedly not looking at Filius, who was cheering extra loudly on his left. Damn the man. He knew Severus wanted Boot. Minerva called out several more names before "Greengrass, Daphne!" became a Slytherin. Severus clapped, his enthusiasm real for that one. He had worked with Atreus Greengrass, and knew that his elder daughter was quite clever. She would be a credit to his House...unlike the shabby-looking Malfoy boy who had forgotten to take off the Hat after being sorted, and was currently scurrying back to hand it to a thin-lipped McGonagall amid gales of laughter. Glancing at the Gryffindor house, Severus saw that the Longbottom brat was among those laughing, and he scowled, making a mental note to watch over Malfoy. While he wasn't exactly excited to have Malfoy in Slytherin, for better or worse, he was under Severus' protection now. Merlin knew Narcissa hadn't been the same since Lucius had been sent to Azkaban. A few more names, and then... "Potter, Harry!" Severus took a sharp intake of breath, as hushed whispers broke out across the hall. Potter murmured something in Zabini's ear that made her laugh and push him toward the stool. He swaggered up, just like his strutting peacock of a father, gave a ridiculous flourishing bow to Minerva, and placed the Hat upon his scruffy head. Minerva was staring expectantly at Potter. Clearly, she thought he was destined to be in her house. She would get no argument from Severus there. Filius was perched on the edge his seat, no doubt hoping that the boy would become one of his Ravens instead. He had quite liked Lily. The Headmaster had set down his goblet, jowls quivering as he, too, looked attentively upon the Sorting of the Boy Who Lived. Even Quirrell, the mild-mannered Muggle Studies teacher, seemed interested. "GRYFFINDOR!" There was a brief moment of silence, before the entire Gryffindor table broke out in raucous cheers. The red-headed twin menaces, in particular, were trying to deafen their fellow students. Severus glared at them, wondering if the Headmaster would let him take points before the Welcoming Feast started. Minerva was beaming, clapping as loudly as any of her lions. The boy handed the Hat back to her, revelling in the attention of his peers like his idiot father, and made his way to the Gryffindor table, where he was promptly swallowed up by an adoring crowd. The rest of the Sorting went by quickly, as Severus' attention was occupied with glaring at Potter at the red and gold table. After a while, the boy seemed to notice that he was being watched from the High Table, because he looked away from his fans, and his eyes met Severus'. They were the exact color and shape of Lily's eyes. Severus blanched. The boy smirked at him, and turned back to talking to Longbottom. That brat! Severus growled. He couldn't wait for the Gryffindors' first Potions lesson. He'd see if Potter would be still smirking after that. After the Gryffindor first years had passed dejectedly through the double doors of Severus' fiefdom—er, classroom—he sat back in his seat, luxuriating in the feeling of having put James Potter's lookalike in his place, and having bullied Alice Longbottom's brat to boot. The memory of the familiar round face trying to suppress tears would fuel Severus' Patronus in the years to come. It was good to be Severus Snape. He glanced at the samples submitted by the students, nodding approvingly at Greengrass and Davis'. He would need to find an opportunity to award points, and do his part to ensure Slytherin won the House Cup this year. Malfoy and Nott's was adequate, but the warm tint of the potion's color indicated boys were clearly working with substandard supplies. He sighed. That was a common problem among the children of Death Eaters from the last war. Before he had been disgraced, Minister Crouch had been ruthless in arresting any supporters of the Dark Lord and confiscating their estates. Supposedly, the money went to their victims, but Severus thought it was more likely that it went to the Ministry's coffers. Crouch might not be corrupt enough to line his own pockets with it, but the budget increases in the DMLE had to have come from somewhere. Potter and Longbottom would be getting a zero today, Severus noted smugly. He had vanished their potion when it seemed that Potter actually knew something about Potions. That evening, Severus was satisfied to see that Potter was glaring at him. Yes, little Potter spawn, this is the way it should be! He was unusually pleasant with his colleagues that evening, to the point where Minerva asked if someone had cast a Cheering Charm on him, while looking suspiciously at Filius. Severus, still euphoric over his victory that afternoon, had merely shaken his head. From the Headmaster's seat, Slughorn happily pointed out "positivity" was working. Severus had to muffle a snort at that. It was then that he noticed Potter's snowy owl flying over to the boy. It was quite unusual for mail to be received this late, but the boy seemed to be expecting it. He pulled out his wand-the one Dumbledore had willed to him, when the old Headmaster had passed-and tapped the paper, which unfolded. Whatever it was, it seemed to raise his spirits quite a bit, because he stopped glaring impotently at the High Table and began to talk with his classmates again. He even waved across the hall at Zabini to come over from the Slytherin table, which the girl did. Severus would need to have words with that girl about appropriate friends. Then again, maybe Zabini's daughter would take after her mother and marry Potter and off him, thereby ending the accursed Potter line. That thought brought a brief smile to Severus' face. As the students finished dinner and filed out of the Great Hall, Severus could have sworn that Potter had turned around to smirk at him again. He frowned, but the boy had already disappeared amidst his group of friends. He retired to his quarters, planning out the humiliation he planned to heap on Potter and Longbottom next lesson, when he suddenly heard a sharp rapping on his door. "Come in," he called out, expecting to see one of his prefects, or possibly Filius come to gloat over the Boot boy some more. What he wasn't expecting was for his door to swing open, and a shot of red light to slam into him. When Severus woke again, he was in a small room—no, he recognized this place. It was a Ministry holding cell. What in the name of Merlin— And his hands were cuffed to the wall. Severus tried to wandlessly summon his backup wand from a hidden holster, but nothing happened. It was gone, then, and though he could feel that he had his store of emergency poisons he kept in his belt, his cuffed hands were unable to reach them. His stomach lurched. This wasn't good. The days of Death Eater witch hunts had passed, but while Director Amelia Bones was fair-minded, the Ministry holding cells were guarded by Aurors who answered to Head Auror Alice Longbottom. Like all Death Eaters, he had found himself on the wrong end of the vicious Head Auror's wand more than once at the end of the war. Parts of Severus still ached at the memory. Damn it! Severus struggled with his bindings for a few minutes before accepting that he was unable to get out of them without his wand. He spent the next period of time brooding and wondering what was happening to him. He hadn't broken any laws recently. (The Ministry couldn't possibly known that he was illegally importing Snidget liver.) Was it a few rogue Aurors looking for an ex-Death Eater to sate their bloodlust? Merlin knew there were some of those still out there. Alice Longbottom's face flashed in Severus' mind, and suddenly bullying her son earlier that day didn't seem like such a good idea anymore. He was contemplating the advantages and disadvantages of escaping and a life on the run when the door of his cell opened. "Hello, Severus." Severus' eyes widened. "Lily?" Lily Potter smiled. "Alice let me borrow her badge." "Thank Merlin!" Severus exclaimed. He hadn't seen his former friend for a long time-not since his trial a decade earlier, where he had managed to catch a glimpse of Lily in the audience. Dumbledore had told him that he had informed Lily of everything he had sacrificed for her, and that she merely needed some time to process it. Over the years, especially after Dumbledore's death, Severus had the nasty suspicion that she was in fact avoiding him, but he had dismissed it each time. Not his Lily. "Lily, you have get me out of here!" Lily arched an eyebrow. "Do you even know why you were brought in in the first place?" Severus had to admit he didn't. "Maybe we should start with that then." Lily Conjured a chair, and sat down. "I received a letter from Harry today. It seemed that you were...less than pleasant with him and Neville during Potions, is that correct?" Was that why Potter's owl was there at dinner? Blasted tattling brat! "Lily, you know that the children of today are spoiled brats who can't take critcisim. Not that I'm saying anything about how you raised Po-Harry," he added belatedly. "Hmm." Lily changed the subject. "Do you remember your trial, Sev? Dumbledore vouched for you, so you kept out Azkaban, but you received life probation." "Is Longbottom claiming I violated my problem?" Severus snarled, outraged. "Actually, you did violate your probation. One of the terms would that you would be a fair and constructive Potions instructor at Hogwarts, since Dumbledore was insistent on keeping you there. After he died, I had hoped that convincing Horace to take up the Headmaster's position meant that he could keep an eye on you—and to be fair, Horace has reported that your behavior has improved over the last few years—but attacking the Boy Who Lived and the son of the Head Auror? Why, Sev, that seemed to suggest you still carried Death Eater sympathies. Alice was only too happy to take you into custody. I'm afraid she still hasn't forgiven you for