Disclaimer: I do NOT own Twilight, Stephanie Meyer owns all. Plot and story line is mine and a few select characters I have added in here and there. Enjoy! "Straighten your knees, Mia!" I yelled for the millionth time, you'd think that after the first hundred or so they would get it. But, no. "Hit!" I snapped my fingers along with the beat, watching intently as my competition team turned together in perfect sync. That's what I'm talking about. "Left, left…right…down, jump UP! And, hit!" I smiled in satisfaction as they hit their ending pose, never missing a beat. Now these, looked like my dancers. Not the ones from last weekend who choked on stage during one of the most important dances of their, and ultimately my , career. It was embarrassing. But they have just redeemed themselves by performing it flawlessly. I was proud. "Great job guys, get some water and then we'll start work on solos and duets." They fled from the room, chatting excitedly as they went. I smiled fondly as I watched them, I remember when I was just starting out like them. It's always exciting, even now after all these years. I've danced since I was three years old, and no matter what people would throw at me I always got back up. Even when people tore me down in the worst of ways. I shivered at the thought, remembering that awful day that has haunted me for ten years. Contrary to what most people think about me, I was tormented a lot in high school. Mostly because people were threatened by me, but high school kids can be pretty nasty. I almost gave up dance because of those people in my graduating class, but a certain someone made sure that I never gave up what I loved most. My husband. An amazing man, who I met at my first dance competition after the embarrassment I endured my senior year of high school. It took almost seven months before I worked back up the courage to get on stage, even as an independent dancer. "There's my beautiful wife." I shivered when I felt his arms wrap around my waist from behind. Speaking of my amazing husband. "Mm, shouldn't you be at work?" I asked with a smile as I turned in his arms to face him. "I'm on my break, thought I'd come by and see if you'd like to grab a bite?" his blue eyes twinkled as he held my small waist in his big hands. "Let me grab my cardigan and my shoes and we'll go." He nodded, then leaned down to peck me on the lips. My body responded to him, as it always has, and will. "You better not be wearing street shoes on my dance floor." I mumbled against his lips as he deepened the kiss. He only chuckled in response, kissing me once more on the lips before stepping back to show me that he, in fact, was not wearing shoes. He wiggled his sock covered toes at me, causing me to giggle like a school girl. "I know better than that, love. Come on." He kissed my head once, and pulled me along with his arm around my waist, and his hand resting on my left hip firmly. He loves it when I wear leggings. "Your new tie looks good on you." I commented as we exited the main studio, slipping our shoes back on at the door. "Thank you, I wore it just for you." He winked at me, causing me to blush. "Hi Dr. Cullen!" some of my dancers called as they walked by, everyone knows my husband here. Hell, if it weren't for him this studio wouldn't exist. "Hey kids, dancing hard?" he asked with a smile and a glint in his eye as I traded my releve socks for my ballet flats. "Always!" They chorused with satisfied smiles. That's my students. I thought proudly as Carlisle held me up, keeping me steady as I slipped into my shoes. Once I stood upright I took his hand and led him back toward my office so that I could grab a few things before we left. "Hey Kat! Carlisle and I are going for lunch, I'm counting on you to teach the five-thirty class for me!" "You got it Bella!" my assistant called back at me as I entered my office, she was a younger girl, very eager to learn from me. I liked her a lot, she was a good dancer and a very handy choreographer. "Thanks sweetie! We'll be back in a little while." I grabbed my oversized cardigan and slipped it over my crop top, my husband isn't too fond of other men seeing me in barely there clothing. Although, dating and then promptly marrying a dancer makes that difficult considering that's mostly what I wear. Don't get me wrong, he enjoys my clothing choices-especially because he loves my curves-but he is vastly overprotective. But I digress. Once I had my cardigan and my keys, I let my husband take my hand and pull me from my home away from home. For a much-needed break. "How has practice been today? Rough?" he asked as we sat across from one another at the small diner, it was across the studio and just a block away from his practice. Car is a sports medicine doctor, that's actually how we met. It was my first competition back, and I had been having some pain in my right foot all week long. After my routine, I went straight to the doctor's station. I could have sworn I felt something tear after one of my flips. I had just reached the athletic doctor on scene when I nearly collapsed to the floor. The weight falling out from under my feet, quite literally. I was bracing myself for the impact against the hard linoleum when I felt two strong arms catch me halfway off the ground. I looked up to see a pair of deep blue eyes staring into my brown ones. He looked like perfection, like more perfect than any man I'd ever seen. His eyes were so blue, and his hair was platinum blonde and slicked back perfectly. He couldn't have been more than three or four years older than I was. He was tall, and well-built. Very muscular. " Are you okay, Miss?" his voice was so smooth, velvet like, as he spoke concerned in my ear. " Yes, thank you." It was then that I noticed that we were chest to chest, and then I came to the startling realization that I was wearing nothing but a halter top and booty shorts. " I should let you go now, shouldn't I?" he breathed, noticing what I was wearing as well. " Um, yeah. Yeah, sure." I regretted saying yes as soon as his warm arms were no longer surrounding me, he kept one hand on my hip as he walked me over to the doctors table, but it wasn't the same. I felt cold without his arms around me. It was weird. He was working as the doctor's assistant at the event, it was one of his requirements for school. He'd been working with Dr. Gerandy for a year, shadowing him, and interning at his practice there in New York. He stood by me the entire time, holding my hand, as Dr. Gerandy looked over my injury. And after he was done and he cleared me, saying it wasn't anything major, Carlisle took me to grab a snack from one of the many vendors at the event. We talked until it was time for awards, it was then that he admitted to seeing me dance on stage, and how he thought I was amazing. We may, or may not have made out before I had to go back on stage. That was one of the best moments of my life. "It went well actually," his eyebrows shot up in surprise as he took a sip of his water. "Yeah, that was my reaction. I guess they had beat themselves up enough after the fact, and so they came in ready to work. They knew how pissed I was, and you know what? I guarantee each of them went home after Saturday and practiced." And it was probably true. "It was a little late then, though." "Your right, but they will do it better next time. I'm confident in that now." It was a hard, and controversial piece. So, I shouldn't have expected it to be ready so soon for competition, that one was on me. But the rest, was on my kids. They were professionals, they knew better than to just freeze on stage like that. "I hope your right baby, I hated seeing you so mortified like that. Dance is everything to you, I don't want anything to ruin that." He said softly, grabbing my hand in his and setting it on the table between us. I smiled ruefully, knowing very well that someone had ruined dance for me. A long time ago, but it still happened. It was the reason I fled Forks like a coward, but that part of my life…I like to keep that where it belongs. In the past. "What did I do to deserve such a sweet husband, who loves me as much as you do?" I asked seriously, I never in a million years thought I would have this. "I ask myself the same question about you, every day." He whispered the last word, as he leaned forward to kiss my nose affectionately. "I love you." "As I you." He winked at me again, and I fucking swooned. *O*O*O* "Hey Bella, I put the mail on your desk sweetie!" I heard Kat yell as Carlisle and I walked through the studio. "Thanks, I'll be in to help you with the solos in just a minute, okay?" she nodded enthusiastically before going into the front studio, where the competition team was stretching. Just having returned from one of their classes or a private session. "What time will you be home tonight?" I asked as I shed my cardigan, picking up the mail Kat had told me about so that I could sift through it. "Shouldn't be later than ten, I have a hand full of appointments left." I nodded absently as I flipped through junk after junk mail, until my eyes caught a particular emblem that was extremely familiar. Oh, good lord no. I tore into it without a second thought, hoping with all hope that this wasn't what I thought it was as I added it up in my head. Carlisle came closer when he noticed the look on my face, peering over my shoulder as I read the letter clearly addressed to Isabella Swan. Whoever sent this clearly didn't know I was married now. Dear Forks High Alumni, As I am sure you are aware the class of 2007's ten-year reunion is here! In tradition, during this year's Homecoming-which is also known as Alumni week-we will be hosting a celebration for our reunion. We look forward to seeing you at this week's festivities during the week of August nineteenth through the twenty-fifth. Hope to see you there! Sincerely, Principal McCarty "Ugh," I groaned, dropping my head back against Carlisle's chest. "Baby, what's the big deal? You act like this is the worst thing in the world?" he asked in that soothing way only he, a doctor, had. His arms slid around my waist, pulling me against his chest and resting his hands on my stomach. I couldn't help but cringe at the thought, in the eight years we've been married I have never taken my husband home to Forks. Carlisle and I dated for a whole year, my first year of college, before we decided to move in together. That's when Charlie decided to make a formal visit out to New York, he hadn't been able to