Reverberations It was raining hard as we drove into the small town of Forks. My adopted daughter Lizzie following behind me in her Jeep Wrangler. My windshield whippers were about to fly off because of the speed they were going, they have never been used but on a very low setting. So they were being put to work and we just got here. Lizzie and I are from Australia, as is my whole family. My father, Charles Swan, moved to America after him and my mother divorced 10 years ago. He lives here in Forks, Washington where we now reside. I swore I would never leave my haven in Australia. But my studies are taking off and I am widening my work with fiction novels. So Lizzie and I decided to move here, to the wettest place in the continental U.S. Where vampires and other mythical creatures usually gravitate. I am a graphic novelist, along with sci-fi, supernatural fiction and realistic fiction. I love writing and I have written several books, some published and some not. I have a few journals I have actually published as well. My studies are gravitated towards mythical creatures, and such things as that. People think I am crazy, but I am just looking for answers because I have proof following me that mythical creatures are real. My best friend whom I have known all my life went missing for 2 years when we were 16 years old. I thought she was gone forever, when one night I was coming home from school after practice and she was at my car. I thought she was crazy, she looked different, and she was acting different as well. She was going on and on about something, but she was talking at such a fast pace that I wasn't sure she was really saying anything at all. But when I finally got her to calm down and tell me what was going on. She told me the unthinkable, that she had been turned into a vampire. At first I didn't believe her, until she showed me her strength and speed. And then, she showed me her gift. It was amazing, and extremely unexpected. She controls storms-which is why I call her Storm- and she also can heal. She is amazing and she has figured so much out since she has become a vampire, she has helped in my studies and it just makes me want to know more every time she tells me something because it is always something new. It got hard for her to stay in Australia, she loved it there, but she shines in the sunlight so we decided to come here where my father is. It would keep her safe and I could continue my studies, seeing as how mythical creatures are drawn here. So we sold my apartment and bought a cabin out here on the outskirts of Forks. So we wouldn't be around people so Lizzie wouldn't have to worry about hurting anyone if she were to catch a scent, she is still channeling her thirst. I pushed my thoughts back, keeping myself from going insane I guess, and looked around my surroundings. Everything was just so green and wet, there weren't many people around here but everyone you saw was pale. And I mean pale, pale; not normal white; no I mean extremely so. It was scary, thankfully I have a natural tan though just like my whole entire family. It's going to be hard getting used to all these clouds, the freezing cold, the wetness. I am used to constant sunshine, heat and never having to wear a jacket. It's going to be killer, but at least I have Lizzie here to endure it with me. And I will have my father here as well, how he could leave as easily as he did I honestly don't know because I nearly cried when we left the ground back in Australia. I guess it is time to buy a jacket or two. I sighed heavily, not liking the idea but rolled it off my back as soon as it crossed my mind. I have a light jacket on, which isn't going to help when I get out of this car but it will do until we go to Port Angeles for some shopping. If it wasn't for my stereo blasting in my ears I probably would have started to get annoyed the first few minutes we started driving through Forks. Everywhere I looked there were groups of people standing on the side walk watching me and Lizzie drive by. Even people driving would stare, not at us though-at our cars; our windows are firmly tinted black so you can't see inside. Everyone must be suspicious to who is new in town, in a small town word travels fast. So everyone will be talking about the mysterious challenger and Jeep Wrangler soon, and everyone will know by tomorrow morning that there are new people in town if they aren't already talking about us. I rolled my eyes at this, because people are so petty that it is absolutely ridiculous. I'm only human, but I am not a gossip or look for things to talk about. I don't try to get into people's business, because it is none of mine. I am by no means perfect, but I don't try to insert myself into a stranger's private life and pry. That's just not something you do, granted people do it anyway, but it's not right and I would never do it. Just as I was about to miss the turn for our driveway Lizzie honked her horn at me and I was jolted out of my reverie and looked around at where I was and quickly turned the wheel before I missed our drive. Lizzie following close behind me as our speed increased, we always speed but in towns we go the speed limit, highway or freeway we push 100 mph we don't care. But in towns we have enough respect to keep it the speed limit so no one gets hurt. I'm sure Lizzie is wondering what in hell I was thinking when I nearly drove right past our driveway. It's not like I didn't know where it was or anything like that. I mean we were just here a little over a month ago to look at the cabin and get all our stuff here. It took a little over 20 minutes to arrive in front of the cabin, and boy did it put a big smile on my face. It is absolutely beautiful, it was the perfect look for us. I love it and I know that Lizzie loves it. We each pulled into our 3 car garage at the same time, side-by-side. Once the car was shut off I grabbed my pocket book from the passenger seat and got out. I saw Lizzie walking to the front of my car as I shut the door, and boy did she look pissed. "Dammit Bella what were you thinking stupid?! Were you not paying attention? Of course you weren't you nearly drove off the side of the road!" "I'm sorry Liz. I was off thinking, I had a lot on my mind. I didn't mean to scare you like that." I said calmly in my thick Australian drawl. I looked at my best friend as she fumed before me. Her vein in her forehead about to burst from anger, her thick blonde curls escaping her ponytail to fall in front of her raging red eyes. Her perfectly stone, tan hands on her hips. Even when pissed she was a vision of pure perfection, and it blew me away every time. Because I just can't get over how different my friend is, and I have known her forever, it's like she is a stranger to me sometimes. She looks the same, but then again she doesn't. Her hair is the same, she is still the 5'9' Aussie whore I grew up with-that joke saved for later-but her eyes are now a vibrant red-not green-her skin is still tanned-not like my perfect tan of course but it is perfect-she has no flaw, she is cold to the touch and her teeth are practically like razors. She is pure beauty, and I never thought I would see the day my friend would change, without changing at all. 16 years old, and she has never aged a day. Where she is stuck at 16 here I am ageing every day, now I'm 20 years old and I still haven't fully developed into my own skin. I heard Lizzie let the breath she was holding in out-she doesn't need air so she holds her breath when she is upset so she doesn't hurt me; she looked at me with a kindness in her eye that has always made me weak in the knees. "It's okay. I understand, but you need to be more careful Bell." "I know, I know." I said with a smile. She smiled at me and put her arm around my shoulder as we walked into the house from the garage. And boy was my breath taken when I took in the sight before me, we had fully furnished the place before we moved in all furniture and painting and every little trinket was put in for the past month or so as we got ready to move here. Even our clothes are already here, everything we had back in Australia had been shipped and placed here which was a great thing. "God look at this place Bell! It's amazing. I am so glad we got this place, we are going to have so much fun here!" "I know! I'm gonna go look at my room." "Yeah me too!" Lizzie eagerly let go of me as we sprinted up the stairs, Lizzie at vampire speed and me at human speed of course; the long hallway was a light orange, picture frames lined the walls with pictures of me and Lizzie over the years. I smiled as I walked passed Lizzie's room to the right until I reached the end of the hallway where my room was on the left, the hallway was big but we were across the hall from each other because we have our own bathrooms, and walk-in closets. I opened my door and I was blown away. The walls were green, there was a big king sized bed in the middle of the room. It was white and a mountain of pillows adorned it, there was a couch on the right wall across from the doors to my closet and the door to my bathroom. I love my room, it's simple and beautiful. My nightstand beside my bed was a dark mahogany with a small table lamp atop it. Above my bed was a picture of me and Lizzie that was made on my 16th birthday before she went missing. I smiled widely as I walked into the room, my heels clicking softly on the hardwood floors. I saw a small mahogany book shelf beside my couch sitting on a big rectangular white fuzzy rug which was adorable. This room is so perfect for me. I heard a knock on my door and turned to see Lizzie leaning against the door frame with a smile on her face. "Room looks great. Totally Bella." "Thanks I really like it too. Show me your room?" "Of course. Follow me." She smiled widely before turning to walk back down the hall and into her room. I followed behind her quickly, eager to see what her room would hold. Once I was at the door I was struck by blue and purple, I walked in to see two purple walls and two blue walls. ' Yep, that's Lizzie for ya.' I thought with a smile. She had a big white bed with blue and purple flower embroidery on the bed spread. There was an