Chapter 1 Figure Skater EPOV I was on my way to school with two of my best friends, Jasper Hale, and Emmett McCarthy. My little sister Alice drove her car today because I was a bit late getting up for once. Em and Jasper were in a heated discussion about our game last Friday night. We won, but they are discussing the score. The score was almost tied at the end of the game but I pulled us out of it. I'm the QB of the Fork's High Spartans. Jasper is a lineman and Emmett is my guard. I love Football, it's not the only sport I play though, I also play basketball, and baseball. Em is the biggest guy on the Football team, and in the whole school! He's 6'5', he looks like a muscle man, he has long curly black hair and blue eyes. He's very immature as well, he loves playing pranks on all the guys on the team and even the coach sometimes. He does a lot of pranks in the locker room too and it really pisses a lot of people off, me included! Then there is Jasper. He is about 6'2', he's not as muscular as me and Em but he's got pretty good strength on his side, he's got honey blonde curly hair and has the most awesome southern drawl I've ever heard. With the exception of Bella. Mmm, Bella. That's Alice's best friend, and mine as well. She's beautiful, I've liked her for years she's the most beautiful and popular girl in scho- "Edward!" Em yelled in my ear as I parked the car beside my sister's Porch. I shook my head to come out of my daze, extremely annoyed. "What?" I asked him irritably. He and Jazz shook their heads as we all got out of the car. "Dude! If your going to day dream about the girl at least do it in your spare time and not when you are behind the wheel! Gosh man, you are so gone over her and your not even dating her!" Em yelled as he clapped a meaty paw on my back as Jazz came to stand on the other side of me. "Emmett's right Edward. Quit being a pussy and ask her out already!" "What if she doesn't like me Jazz?" "Ask Alice! She's her best friend! And your sister, oh and uh while your at it. Why don't you ask her how she feels about me?" "Dude! She's my little sister! Ask her yourself!" I yelled at him while punching him in the arm. "Ow, jeez. Okay I will! But at least I have the guts to ask a girl if she like's me!" I reared back my arm to hit him again but he danced out of the way. "I don't see how you can't ask her. I mean you guys have known each other for your whole lives and are practically inseparable...I mean come on Ed." Em reasoned, trying to help Jasper out I guess. I just shook my head at them as we all started to walk over to Alice and Rosalie who were standing beside her red BMW convertible. Rosalie and Jasper are twins and trust me you can surely tell because of how much they look alike. Rose is beautiful I will admit that, she has long wavy blonde hair that reaches just past her shoulders. She's about 6 ft. even, a perfect figure, and fairly tan skin like her brother. She was wearing her hair in a lose pony tail, a red sequence tank top, black skirt, red stilettos, a red necklace and earrings and some black bracelets. Beside her was my small pixie sister Alice. She's 4'10', small petite figure, she has light green eyes, and black spiky hair. She was in a black and white sundress and black sandals. She was also wearing the black heart necklace that Bella had gotten her for her last birthday. I did not like the fact that her dress was a spaghetti strap, I am a protective older brother and I do not like it when she shows skin. "Hello there ladies." Jasper drawled as we reached them. He smiled at my sister while taking her hand in his and bringing it to his lips to kiss it. I just glared at him. "Lovely as always Alice." he told her softly as my glare deepened with her giggle. "Thank you Jasper. But if I were you I'd cut out the flirting before Edward kicks your butt!" she told him sweetly as he straightened beside me with a big grin on his face. Em was shaking with laughter from his spot beside Rose, they are a couple. Emmett looked like a Ken doll standing beside Barbie. Rose had made him wear a red dress shirt and black pants so that they would match. Yeah and he calls me whipped. I looked at Jasper at the corner of my eye to see he almost matched with my sister. He was wearing a black polo and blue jeans. I just shook my head and looked over my sister's head and let my thoughts drift until I heard Alice squeal. "Bella! Over here!" I turned around to see the beautiful Isabella Swan walking our way with a big grin on her face. Gosh she was amazing! Bella is 6'1', long mahogany hair that went to her lower back, she had a perfect figure, and perfect tanned skin. She had her hair curled beautifully, she was wearing a heart and key necklace, a strapless white summer dress, and white wedges. She's the definition of the word perfect. And here I am at 6'3'½ , muscular, emerald green eyes, tanned skin, messy bronze hair. And that's it. Bella would never go for me and if she would why wouldn't she have before? I mean we have known each other forever and she hasn't shown any interest in me other than as friends. "Hey guys." her soft southern voice spoke softly as she reached us. I looked down at her to see she was smiling at me. I smiled back at her, those big brown eyes looking into my green eyes softly. She was wearing make-up but not much with just eye liner, and some mascara as usual. "Hi Edward." She whispered shyly. I smiled my crooked grin at her. "Hey beautiful." I greeted as every morning. She smiled while looking at a smiling Alice. "Been at the rink all morning?" she asked skeptically. Bella blushed while looking away. "Where else would she be!" Rose yelled as she looked at the two of them shyly. "Well yeah! But you guys know that I always have to be there. Most days. I actually had to get ready there today. I had a late start." She told them sheepishly. The guys and I just looked at each other with confused looks on our faces. "What rink?" "Ice rink. Bella's a figure skater. Didn't you guys know that? I mean at least you should Edward." Alice asked us incredulously. "Um, I think I might have. But I'm not sure." I told her truthfully as the guys shook their heads no. We're football players, how are we suppose to know? All I know is Football, Basketball, and Baseball. "Well that is just unacceptable! You guys have to come watch her practice tonight! She is amazing! Can they come Bella? They don't have practice until tomorrow night. Please! My mom and dad want to come see you too!" Alice told her happily. Bella smiled at her before nodding. "I'll be there at five. I've got private practice tonight and the rest of the week from five to eight or nine. Feel free to drop by. I don't mind one bit. And neither will my coach." "Yay!" Alice squealed while pulling her into a tight hug. "we'll be there!" she added as the bell rang. We all headed off to our first periods. Em and Rose went to biology while Jazz went to world history, Alice to biology and Bella and I were off to English. We have about three classes together and we always sit beside each other. That's as good as I can get for a guy in love. I stopped at Bella's locker with her like every morning while she got her books for her first two classes which were English and trigonometry. "So football star. Some game last Friday night huh?" She asked in that adorable country accent as she shut her locker and leaned up against it on her right shoulder and looked at me haughtily. It made want to kiss her. I smiled at her and put my left arm on the locker and leaned on it. "Well yea it was. You went?" "Well of course I did. I go to all of your games superstar. To bad you don't go to any of my track meets, or softball games, or any of my figure skating competitions." She told me sadly, giving me that pout that I've been all to familiar with since the second grade. Yes I've known Bella that long and I've never asked her out. And I really want to. "Hey come on now! That's no fair Bells! You never tell me when they are! How am I suppose to know when to go to one if you wont tell me huh?" Her pout deepened until I tickled her sides. She started giggling and moved away from me. "Okay your right! Well how about this. Your coming to see me tonight. How about after I'm finished practicing I'll tell you when the Charity Skate is, I do it every year and it isn't a competition but the league gathers all the local girls to skate a program to help raise money for local kids and their families. It's a lot of fun and I would love if you came, and after that there is an Exhibition skate which is also not a competition it is just to kind of a way for us to get ready for Qualifier's which I will know the date for tonight and I can tell you when that is. How does that sound?" I smiled down at her happily while pulling her into a tight hug. "I'd love that." I whispered in her ear while kissing her cheek and pulling back. She had a dazed look on her face but shook it off quickly and smiled at me. "Alright then." I nodded then put my arm around her shoulders and led her off to first period. "That sounds like a lot of work Bell, do you do this every year?" I asked as we walked. "Yep, every year. I don't always start it out with a Exhibition right after the Charity Skate but it has given me a chance to get a few cool programs out there before I have to get my competition programs ready." "So you are doing two different programs for the Charity and the Exhibition?" I asked a little confused. "Yep. During Competition I can only stick to one program so stuff like this gives me a chance to do different things before I have to work on three songs for months on end." "Oh, cool. DO you do any other Charity and Exhibitions during competition time?" I asked curiously. "Yeah a few, the season hasn't exactly started yet since it is still summer so I have a while before they really start up. My favorite Charity is the one during Christmas time, it is always on Christmas Eve and they bring in local skaters and big time named skaters to skate a song and we raise money for 'Toys for Tots'. It's a lot of fun and I love doing it every year, last year I did a routine to 'Jingle Bell Rock'." "That sounds awesome. Do you already know what you will skate this year?" I asked eagerly. "Yep, I am