" I really can't stay (but baby, it's cold outside), I've got to go away (but baby, it's cold outside), This evening has been (been hoping that you'd drop in), So very nice (I'll hold your hands, they're just like ice), My mother will start to worry (beautiful what's your hurry?), My father will be pacing the floor (listen to the fireplace roar)," I smiled to myself as the sound of Dean Martin's ' Baby it's Cold Outside' played softly from the living room. My father and his close friend were singing off key while the women in the room giggled a little tipsy. Somehow, I'd been conned into cooking dinner for tomorrow, which was Christmas day. How that happened, I still hadn't figured out. Esme's a little sweet talker that's how. "Bella, dear, do you need any help?" The devil herself asked as she walked into the room, as if she weren't halfway drunk. A half-empty glass of wine dangling between her fingers as she stood before me barefoot, she and my mother both slip the heels off once they've started drinking. "I've got it Esme; the only thing left is the cookies and they are almost done. Do you want me to come by early tomorrow and put the turkey in the oven or do you have it?" I asked politely as I wiped down the counter. She didn't say anything for a minute, causing me to look at her, she was busy turning her glass back. Not leaving a drop behind, I could barely contain my laughter. For a small woman, she sure could drink, same went for my mother and myself. I watched in amusement as she swayed slightly and sat the empty glass down once she'd realized it was empty. She was wearing her hair around her face in her usual caramel curls, her green eyes were sparkling from the alcohol, and her blue dress was slightly rumpled. "I think I can handle that, thank you so much for cooking this year sweetie." She hiccupped as the doorbell rang. "Bella! Jacob's here!" My father yelled gruffly, trying to hide his disdain before going back to singing loudly with Carlisle. I shook my head and filled Esme's glass as I walked by, noting the appreciative glint in her eyes as I did so. I dropped the empty bottle in the trash before continuing to the front room where I could see my ex-husband through the glass door. Someone was walking up behind him, but I couldn't make out who due to the bulging frame of my ex. "Jacob, come on in." I murmured while stepping aside to let him pass, he nodded once in acknowledgement as he headed to the living room to look for bug. "Bella, hey, is that you?" I looked up to see the strange voice led to a familiar face. Edward Cullen. " Edward? Is that really you?" My eyes nearly bugged out of my head at the sight of him, I hadn't seen him in nearly seven years. Since high school. "Yeah, damn Bella you look amazing." And before I knew it I was in the arms of my old high school flame, my first love, my sweetheart. He still looked the same, just older. His hair was still that crazy copper color he inherited from his mother, in complete and utter disarray. He was tall, taller than the last time I remember, maybe 6'3', and he looked as if he worked out a lot. Strong shoulders and arms, his chest felt hard. We pulled back, but he didn't let go as he assessed me, those green eyes calculating as they looked me over carefully. He was still so beautiful, his jaw as strong and angular as ever, eyes penetrating. Gorgeous. "What are you doing here?" he asked, finally pulling away to give me my personal space back. I felt cold without his arms around me. "Your mother somehow convinced me to make Christmas dinner, I was just finishing when Jacob got here." "Your husband?" there was something in his eyes when he said that, he looked pained. "Ex." I corrected in defeat, here I was twenty-nine years old and was divorced with a two-year-old. "Oh, I'm sorry to hear that." There was a glint in his eyes that I didn't miss. I was about to assure him all was well, when the shout from my ex-husband had me stopping in my tracks. "Excuse me, sorry." I turned away from him with an apologetic look in my eye before heading into the living room, where he followed. Jacob was standing there with a sleeping Melanie in his arms, clutching her blanky with one hand while sucking on her thumb of the opposite hand. He was looking at me with pure rage in those onyx eyes, my father and Carlisle were glaring at him along with my mother who was bitching at him about something I tuned out. "What Jacob? What's the matter?" I was exhausted, and not from cooking an entire dinner. But because I was simply tired. Of everything. "Can I speak to you, in private?" it was a question, even though that was how he posed it, I could see it in his eyes. It was a demand. "Sure." He laid Mel down beside my mother on the couch, she wasn't even fazed. I followed Jacob into the hall just off the living room and kitchen, he whirled around on me before I could even register the movement. I nearly rammed into him. "What is your problem?" I whisper-yelled in annoyance. I had things to do and I didn't want to listen to him bitch about something pointless like he always did, I gave him this Christmas with Melanie on a whim. I didn't want to have to be the bitch who took it away, but I would if I had to. "Why is she in a room full of people drinking? That's no kind of supervision, where the hell were you? You're her mother, you are supposed to be taking care of her, what the hell is wrong with you I swea-" My anger flared at his words. Who was he, to question me as a mother? "Say one more word and you'll be leaving here without Melanie, I said you could take her this Christmas solely because I was tired of you calling my phone a million times a day. Keep picking fights and I'll call my lawyer, you aren't supposed to have Melanie until two weeks from now on your appointed day. But I'm being nice and letting you take her for the night, and so help me Jacob if my daughter is not back in my house at ten o'clock tomorrow then you won't have her at all. Are we understood?" I waited for him to nod, and once he did after flaring his nostrils and tightening his fists, I continued. "Okay then, now shut up and go spend time with your daughter. I'm done with your bullshit." I didn't give him the chance to speak as I turned on my heel and headed for the living room that was now silent, all eyes were on me. But the only ones that mattered were my wide-eyed baby girls. "Hey baby, you have a good nap?" I asked while getting down to her level, her brown hair was everywhere, stray curls stuck up all around her face, and her brown eyes stared sleepily up at me. "Mhm," she nodded while rubbing her eyes. "You ready to go spend some time with daddy?" her eyes shot open at the mention of her father, and then the dreaded reaction I always got from speaking those words. Her lip quivered and her eyes watered with fear, I hated this. So much, but there was nothing I could do. Jake had rights, and until I had the right amount of proof he would continue to have rights. But that will end soon, I'll make sure of it. She started shaking her head from side to side in protest and it broke my heart as silent tears began streaming down her face. I picked her up in my arms, fighting my own tears and motioned for Jake to grab her diaper bag. "I'll walk her to the car." I ignored the look of annoyance on his face as I slipped out of the room, not able to meet anyone's eyes. The women had sobered now and were looking at the exchange with sad but vengeful eyes, the men were flexing their hands, and Edward looked hurt, angry, and confused as he watched me carefully. I wasn't the same girl he remembered, a lot had changed since we last saw each other. "I'll see you tomorrow." Jake grumbled as he got into the driver's seat, not even looking at me as I strapped Mel into her car seat. "Bye baby, mama loves you. Be a good girl for daddy, and tomorrow ho ho comes to see you." "Ho ho!" she clapped excitedly, kicking her little feet. That's what she called Santa Clause, I don't know why but that's just what she picked up. "That's right, I'll see you in the morning sweetie." I kissed her forehead and closed the door softly before stepping away. I didn't move from my spot on the lawn until they were completely out of sight. I closed my eyes, trying to reign in my emotions before heading back into the house. This was going to be a rough Christmas. Ever since Mel was born, she spent both Christmas Eve and Christmas Day with me, this year was the exception. Jacob and I divorced before Melanie was born, I was six months pregnant and we had been married for a year. We weren't right for one another, but I thought I was in love, and once we'd gotten married his true colors came out. "Is she okay now Bell?" my mom asked once I closed the front door, she and Esme were standing in the front room waiting for me. Carlisle, dad, and Edward were nowhere to be found. They always rooted for Edward and I. Not sure if that's changed any. "She's okay, I'm gonna pull the cookies out of the oven." "Already did." Esme mused, giving me a small smile. God bless her. "Thank you, well then if you don't need anything else I think I'll get out of your hair then." "Sweetie you don't have to leave, please stay. I don't want you spending Christmas alone!" My mother whined in that high-pitched voice, grabbing onto my arm in desperation. She may not have wanted me to spend the evening alone, but I didn't want to spend it with them. Not to be rude, but I just didn't want to be the odd one out around all the couples you know? Or the youngest in the room. "It's okay Mom I'll be fi-" "Actually, Bella I was going to ask if you wanted to go out. Catch up a little." In came my savior, a bright but timid smile on his face as he stood in the doorway. It's almost like I summoned him. "Um, yeah. I'd love that actually." His eyes lit up and he rocked on his heels, his hands deep in his jean pockets. "Awesome, I can drive if you'd like." "Okay, just let me grab my coat." He nodded and watched as I walked out of the room, I hadn't even noticed my dad and Carlisle appear in the doorway. They all had shit-eating-grins on their faces. Yeah keep grinning. "Have fun sweetie, don't keep her out too late Edward!" I blushed as I slipped my red pea coat on, I felt like I was back in high school. But I'm sure that's what my mother was aiming for. "Real funny mom." "I'm having flashbacks to their first date! Aw, Renee do you remember that?" Esme wailed, clearly her temporary sobriety had