AN/ Greetings to all you Potterheads! I'm not gonna take up your time by making you read this note, but I do have a few things to say. 1) Peter will not be this dolt or dummy. I'm not a Peter hater, at least, not when he was young. 2) Sirius is not going to be a huge bully, just his usual self. 3) This isn't going to contain any smut. You're in the wrong place for smut, m'kay? And finally, 4) This fic is going to tell the tales of the Marauders in the order of the years. So don't expect an 8th chapter mixed in for a while. :P Alright, enjoy this chapter everyone! Disclaimer: Listen, if I was J.K. Rowling, I wouldn't have to be writing this fic. Remus looked at the scarlet train, his stomach bubbling with mixed feelings. He felt nervous, oh so very nervous, but he was also so, so excited. Something he had never thought possible was happening. But he wasn't sure he could even make it to the train without collapsing out of nerves. "Are you sure you don't want us to walk to you to the train?" Lyall Lupin, Remus' father, asked. Remus glanced at his father, smiling slightly at his father's worried expression. "I'm sure, dad," he replied, bending and beginning to gather his things. A hand on his shoulder stopped him. Remus turned to face his parents. "Just be careful, Remus," his mother, Hope, said. Remus smiled again and nodded. His parents were always very careful. "Remus, I know the teachers have been informed, but the students have not. Be careful with who you talk to." Remus nodded, feeling the usual weight of having to hide something already settling in his gut. "Under no circumstances tell someone of your condition." Remus winced, but nodded. That warning had been in place for years. "And don't make close friends." Remus kept his smile plastered on his face, but he felt cold inside. He knew his parents were scared for him, but their warnings were beginning to get him wary of other people. To the point where he could barely talk to anyone. The train let out a whistle, and Remus took the opportunity to pull himself from his father's death grip, say a quick goodbye, and hurry through the crowd to reach the train. He dove through the doors just as the train started to leave the station. He waved to his parents, then moved from the windows as the train entered a tunnel. Remus trudged down the corridor, peering in each compartment with the hope of finding an empty one. The first fifteen or so were occupied by laughing students, and a few went so far as to flick paper at him to get him to leave. Remus frowned as he ducked under what looked like a page from a book. I hope I'm not in the same house as them, Remus thought, hauled his trunk down the corridor. Finally, Remus found an empty compartment near the end of the train and slid inside. He pushed his trunk under the row, then collapsed on a seat. He stared out the window, letting his mind drift. Remus couldn't believe he was going to Hogwarts. He had never thought that would be possible for him. It wasn't the fact that he was a half-blood. Plenty of students there were, though Remus knew that some families would kill to make the school a pure-blood-only school. No, he had a different problem. Remus Lupin was a werewolf. Bitten nearly six years ago, his lycanthropy had worn heavily on his family. Lyall, as a wizard himself, knew of the dangerous reputation werewolves were given. He, along with his wife Hope, had become paranoid, and Lyall had home-schooled Remus since first grad, And contact with other kids was very little, and when the full moon came, if in the grasp of the wolf's mind, Remus attracted the attention of a neighbor, the Lupins would pack up and move. So Remus had never really had friends. Either he had never worked up the courage to talk to them, his family had to move before he could even meet them, or his parents warned him to stay away. Remus sighed and pulled a book from his bag, flipping through it absently. He was getting tired more than little tired of never having someone to talk to. About ten minutes later, Remus was startled out of his reading as the door to his compartment slid open. A blond, slightly chubby, boy stood in the doorway, watching Remus nervously. "Can I come in?" the boy asked timidly. "I've been wandering the train, and I can't find another place to sit." Remus was shy by nature, and honestly, by raising, but he wasn't about to turn the boy away. "Sure," he said warmly. "Back yourself at home." Looking relieved, the boy hurried in, letting the door click shut behind him. The blond-haired boy shoved his bag onto the rack above him, then sat heavily. Remus scanned him curiously, content not to speak for the moment. The boy had soft features and bright blue eyes that sparkled with life. His blond hair flopped on his head, and while his clothes weren't the best quality, they were better than Remus'. "Oh, sorry. Peter Pettigrew." The boy sat forward, holding out his hand. "Remus Lupin," Remus said, shaking the offered hand. Peter sat back with a slight smile, sighing as he looked out the window. "Amazing, but a bit overwhelming, innit?" he asked. Remus nodded and was about to reply when the door flew open and two dark haired boys stumbled in. "Wha-" Remus began, then stopped in confusion as one of the boys dove under the seat Remus was sitting in. Remus glanced at Peter, but the other boy looked just as confused as Remus felt. A second later, the door banged open again and an angry boy with greasy-looking black hair stood in the doorway, flanked by a redhead with bright green eyes. Remus frowned. No need to bang the door, he thought, annoyed. "Were two idiots just in here?" the boy demanded, his expression close to a sneer. Remus frowned again. He knew the "two idiots" were the two boys who had just taken refuse under Remus' and Peter's seats, but Remus did not like this guy. "Ye-" Peter began. "No, just us," Remus cut in smoothly. The boy frowned, and Remus noticed the redhead tilt her head with a curious expression. "I was sure they dove in here," he said. Remus shrugged. "Sorry, guess you saw wrong. Maybe they're in the next one." The boy sighed and stepped back from the door. With a muttered "Come on, Lily," he stalked off, scratching his hands. The girl, Lily, gave him one more look before following her friend. The door clicked shut behind them, and several seconds ticked by, the only noise being the clack of the train and the sounds of chatting students. Then both boys who had taken refuge in the compartment emerged, grinning like the idiots the angry boy had called them. "Thanks for that," the boy who had hidden under Remus' seat said, pulling himself out and flopping next to Remus. "What did you do?" Remus asked, watching with amusement as the boy under Peter tried to pull himself out, but seemed stuck. "We just took Snivellus' books," the boy under Peter said, grunting a few more times until Peter took pity on him. The boy's glasses slipped down his nose as he stood. "Nothing big." Remus raised an eyebrow. "Well, it had to be big, because he looked pretty mad. And what was with him scratching his hands?" "I might have put itching powder between the pages," the boy next to Remus snickered. Remus turned to look at his neighbor, his eyebrow still raised. "Why?" "'Cause I could?" Remus gave him a flat look. "No, really." "Well, maybe he bugged me on the way in, but that wasn't the reason at all." "Uh huh." Remus wasn't convinced. "But, really, itching powder?" "'Course," the bespectacled boy said. "Alright, who are you two?" Remus felt he deserved that at least, seeing how he had just saved their hides. "James Potter," the boy next to Peter said, both his dark eyes and glasses twinkling. He still stood, and he gave Remus a bow. "At your service." Then he seemed to remember Peter was there, and he bowed to the blond boy as well. "Oh, at your service too." "Sirius Black," Sirius answered from his spot next to Remus. Sirius gave him the same mock bow James had, and Remus fought back a smile. "And who do I have to thank for my escape of greasy-haired wrath?" "That's Peter Pettigrew, and I'm Remus Lupin," Remus said, since Peter seemed to have lost his ability to speak. Sirius nodded, as if filing their names away for later. Then a crooked grin spread over his features. "I don't suppose we can hide out here?" "Peter?" Remus asked warily, but Peter was too busy mumbling "Itching powder? Itching powder?" to answer. Remus sighed. "Fine. Just don't expect me to lie again." "Noted and ignored!" Sirius said cheerfully, putting his hands behind his head and leaning back. Remus pressed his fingers to his temples. He was already regretting letting these two boys stay with him and Peter. "Why did you anyway?" James asked. Remus shrugged, noticing that Peter snapped out of his mutterings to listen to Remus' answer. "Dunno. That guy looked mad, I guess I thought I wouldn't want to face him myself." "Whatever the case, thanks," James said, leaning back so his position matched Sirius'. "There's a spirit of a Gryffindor right there." "I would be happy in Gryffindor," Remus said, letting his hands fall to rest on his knees. "Or Ravenclaw, I don't really care. I think either would suit me." James held a hand to his mouth, a look of mock horror on his face. "You dare consider getting into Ravenclaw?" Remus blinked. "Why, you do think you'll be in Gryffindor?" "Yup." "And you just want to irritate me?" James opened his mouth but Remus cut him off. "Oh wait! That's already happened." Sirius chuckled and Remus turned to him. His eyes closed, Sirius was grinning. "Thank you for shutting him up." Remus realized how rude he had been and felt his cheeks flush slightly. These two are already corrupting me, Remus thought. Or maybe they're just giving me opportunities too good to ignore. Yeah, that's it. "And what house do you want, Sirius?" he asked, mostly to hide his embarrassment. Sirius' eyes opened slowly, his expression bitter. But before he could even open his mouth, the trolley lady arrived. Remus' eyes widened at the sight of all the chocolate. He craved the sweets, but the money he did with him have was being saved for more important. He let out a small sigh, then perked up again as Sirius promptly bought everything on the cart. Remus' eyes widened again, this time at the sight of the handful of coins in his hand. "How do you-" "I have rich parents," Sirius said, though Remus could once again see the bitterness in Sirius' eyes and hear it in his voice. Remus wanted to ask what the problem with Sirius' family was, but was distracted as a pile of sweets landed in his lap. He resolved to ask Sirius later, surprising himself at his boldness. For the next few hours, Remus found himself chatting with the other boys, and generally enjoying their company. Remus found himself happy, and it made him want to ignore what his parents had said about not making close friends. Then he remembered what he could do to them and his gut wrenched. The chocolate frog he had just popped in his mouth didn't seem so tasty anymore. "Remus?" Sirius asked. Remus jumped and looked at the raven-haired boy,