Based off of the books rather than the films, but should pretty much adhere to either. Set in the Fellowship of the Ring when Bilbo has gone to live in Rivendell. Like most of my stories I started this years ago, forgot it existed, found it again and managed to finish it at last. It's not even like it's very long. Anyhoodle; a 'missing scene' and some backstory from FotR. Do I own anything? Of course not! Why would I be writing fanfics if I could be directing films?! Enjoy! The mithril gleamed in the fire-light, reflecting the warm glow as the whetting stone hummed along the blade, gently caressing the edge. Bilbo had arrived at the Last Homely House the previous evening, and had spent the better part of the day settling in; which of course meant a lot of ordering Elves around and complaining that he had forgotten various bits and pieces. Not to mention a great many trips to the kitchens. He had already stated his intentions to leave again soon on a visit to Dale and Erebor, but for the next week or so he had decided to spend his time getting accustomed to his new home. Dinner that evening had been somewhat of an impromptu feast to welcome him, and he'd been called on to read a few of his poems – something that always pleased him. Now the household had retired for the evening, most of them settling down in the hall of fire to sing and talk well into the night. Bilbo sat in a cosy corner near the fire, Sting in one hand and whetting stone in the other as he brought an edge back to the blade. Mithril – as a rule – needed little attention, but the small sword had been neglected for a fair few years as a museum piece and despite not intending to ever use it again he wanted it back in fighting condition. It was a pleasant activity, and meant that he could listen to the tales and songs at the same time without disturbing anyone. It therefore came as a surprise when he felt someone's gaze on him. Raising his head the old hobbit looked around the room, but was unable to pin-point who it was he had sensed staring at him. Of course, in a roomful of Elves, it was quite probable that the person had made themselves inconspicuous. He lowered his head again, but continued to steal glances up at the room, certain that he was still being watched. "Good evening Master Baggins." Bilbo yelped and dropped his sword. However, it didn't have a chance to hit the floor as a hand shot out and caught it. He looked up at the Elf now standing next to him and smiled as he realised he recognised the interloper. "Lord Glorfindel, I presume?" "Indeed. I apologise for startling you." The hobbit shook his head with a chuckle. "If every Elf to make me jump apologised we would be here for a very long time. You people do sneak up on one so." He stood up, although his companion towered over him, and held out his hand. "We haven't been formally introduced, although it appears we already know who the other is. Either way, I'm very pleased to meet you." Glorfindel smiled, reaching down to shake hands. "And I you. I've been wanting to meet again for a long time." "We have met before?" Bilbo knew that with age his memory was not what it had once been, but it wasn't that bad. He moved across a little on the bench so that Glorfindel could sit down. "But of course. I helped escort your good self and thirteen Dwarves across the river many years ago." The Elf's eyes were sparkling with amusement. "Do you not recall? Thorin was most impolite at the time." The old hobbit's eyes widened. Of course he remembered the event, but at the time he had been cold, hungry and exhausted and in the dark one Elf had looked very much the same as another to him. He had a brief memory, however, of the Elven leader talking with Thorin, as they had made the crossing and whilst he hadn't seen the Elf's face he remembered the distinctive golden hair. He'd just never put two and two together as to who it might have been. "Of course, you were the one so rude as to sing of our misfortune." He smiled as he made the accusation, to show that there were no hard feelings. "Thirteen Dwarves? The opportunity was too good to miss. Tra-lal-lal-ally down in the valley in June. " Glorfindel sang the single line softly, his amusement all too clear. "Hardly becoming of a great Elven lord of old, I must say!" Said Elven lord shrugged lightly. "Master Baggins, when you have reached the age I have, and seen the things I have seen you may understand that sometimes we older ones are allowed a little merriment at the expense of others." "It certainly didn't help to endear your race to Thorin." "Nothing could have endeared my race to him. And after his treatment at the hands of Thranduil I can't say blame him." A mischievous look crossed the Elf's face, making Bilbo realise that old as Glorfindel was he still possessed a very playful spirit. "By the way, I have always wanted to personally congratulate you on how you thwarted the Mirkwood Elves. Relations between our kingdom and theirs are somewhat stretched, and many here thought that what you did was nothing short of spectacular. He will never admit to it, but Lord Elrond was particularly amused." Bilbo grinned, remembering the occasion well. "Thank you, although it was mostly down to luck and a bit of magical assistance." A sudden look of shock crossed his face. "I say! How does the woodland king feel knowing that I carried and used the One Ring in his kingdom?" "He's less than impressed." The Elven lord was still holding Sting and now he was turning the blade over and over in his hands. "I heard that Thorin was buried with Orchrist." He added, almost offhandedly. "Indeed he was; we thought it only right." "As it was. I heard that he wielded it in battle with great skill." There was a wistfulness to Glorfindel's voice that made Bilbo wonder where this sudden line of questioning was leading. "It was found in a trolls cave I hear tell?" "Yes. His, Gandalf's and this one." He nodded to Sting. "Elven make apparently, I've always liked the thought." "Why so?" "It makes me wonder what battles it may have seen." Glorfindel leaned back against the cushions on the bench, staring down at the short sword in his hands. "Were you told the heritage of the three swords?" He asked, his voice now oddly stiff. The hobbit was fully aware that something was bothering the Elf now, and realised that it had something to do with the blades. "Lord Elrond told us that they were from Gondolin, and that Gandalf's once belonged to the king." "Glamdring. Yes, it was once King Turgon's. He wielded it the day that city fell. It was lost that day and for millennia we had assumed it lost for ever." Glorfindel smiled, but all his earlier humour had gone and he turned Sting over and over in his hands with a lost expression on his face. Bilbo racked his brains. He was very knowledgeable on Elven history from the beginning of the third age onwards but knew little from the previous ages. He'd been hoping to learn more now that he had access to Elrond's library. Gondolin. He tried to bring to mind all that he knew about the city. It had fallen, everyone knew that. And it had done so due to a betrayal by…Maglor? No, no Maeglin. Elrond's father and grandparents had escaped from the battle, along with a group of refugees and they had eventually settled elsewhere. He knew that he had missed something, but could not for the life of him remember what. "So, you wanted to know more about this blade?" Glorfindel interrupted his musings, now smiling again, although the sadness lingered in his eyes. "I'd be grateful for anything anyone could tell me." Bilbo looked at the sword, once again admiring the beauty and elegance that had been crafted into the weapon. "I've been calling it Sting ever since I used it to kill a Mirkwood spider, but if it has another name I would like to know." "In the common tongue it was once called Quicksilver." The hobbit rolled the name around in his mouth. Quicksilver. It did suit the short blade, but he preferred the name he had personally given it. Glorfindel lifted the sword up so that the firelight danced across it. "This once belonged to a great lord of Gondolin; he used it as a dagger although I dare say it's big enough to be a long sword for you." "Which lord?" The look on the Elf's usually cheerful face was blank, but his eyes were filled with raw pain. "Ecthelion. Lord Ecthelion of the Fountain." Bilbo recognised the name – he had heard tell of Ecthelion's heroic final stand in songs and tales. "He fought a…fire drake, was it?" The Elf smiled slightly. "A Balrog. Three in fact. I will admit to believing that his weapons went down with him." Bilbo glanced back at his sword again, watching the firelight reflect off the polished mithril. "And to think I was awed by the simple fact that it was of Elven make. It has a history far beyond me." Glorfindel's smile warmed and he spun the blade in his hand to point the hilt to his companion. "You are more than worthy of its heritage, Master Baggins." "It deserves more than just sitting on my mantel piece being admired though." The hobbit curled his fingers around the richly patterned hilt, buffing the edge with the polishing cloth again. "To think that this blade might have helped defeat a balrog!" "To think." Bilbo had the impression that he was being gently mocked and sniffed disdainfully. "You assume I have no idea what I speak of, correct?" "I assume you have no idea what a balrog is truly like." "I have read books! There are fearsome descriptions of the beasts. As tall as houses, wings of flame and fire, breath of sulphur and ash. Not something to meet on a dark night." "Indeed. Nor on a bright summer's day." Glorfindel was looking more than a little amused. "Were you aware that those descriptions were written by those who only saw them from afar?" Bilbo scowled; highly aware that there was something brewing and probably at his expense. "I would imagine that would be because none lived who fought them. All that were left were the spectators." The Elf nodded in agreement. "That would be accurate, I believe." "Precisely. And just how much would the description need added, besides? We are told what it looks like and how it sounded, what else could an author add?" "Why Master Baggins, everything ." And there was a flicker of something in Glorfindel's ancient gaze, a glint of starlight and fire. "A spectator can not know what it is to feel the heat of such a creature washing over them. The deep pain that a warrior has to endure to even step within striking distance. Armour made from anything less than mithril would melt, running in molten rivulets along its wearers' arms and chest. Leather would catch aflame. A spectator could not understand the fear that strikes even the strongest heart to step forwards and willingly allow themselves catch ablaze in the hopes of felling the beast. That is what they can not add." The Elf raised his hand, drawing Bilbo's gaze to the large fire warming the hall. "One who stands on the sidelines and watches does