Hello everyone I am back! I have a new Lord of The Rings fanfic for you all! Note that this NOT going to be a love story with any of the LOTR's characters and an OC, instead this will be an OC/OC pairing. Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of The Rings or any of the characters, only my character Eliora. Read and Review Please! ^_^ Eliora's P.O.V: I opened my eyes to see myself floating over lush green hills that were dotted with beautiful coloured flowers. The air was so pure it smelled sweet, nothing like the smog filled city air I breathed in every day. I slowly descended to stand on top of a hill, feeling the soft grass in between my toes. Suddenly I was being sucked down into the hill and was engulfed in darkness. I heard a voice resonate through the cold dark place, "Eliora...Eliora!" Normal P.O.V: The girl was jerked awake at the sound of her friend whisper yelling her name. The two friends were currently in a movie theatre, watching a late night movie. The girl opened her eyes to see a man and a women kissing on screen and she groaned, why did Rebecca have to be obsessed with sappy love movies! "What are you doing?!" Her friend asked Eliora, who was still groggy from her nap. "I was sleeping!" She retorted, wondering what the big deal was, the movie sucked anyways. "I go see all your fantasy sci-fi movies, so you will stay awake for the rest of this movie or God help me I will drag you to another one!" Rebecca said scolding her and turned back to the movie. Eliora groaned but looked back at the screen, the movie looked like it was almost over, the couple had went from kissing to uttering corny love lines to one another. Did they really want me to start puking rainbows and unicorns? The girl thought to herself as she slapped her head against her forehead and sighed, but abruptly stopped her antics when she saw the death glare Rebecca was giving her. So the brown eyed girl signed again and reluctantly watched the rest of the movie. "See it wasn't that bad!" Rebecca exclaimed to Eliora as they were exiting the theatre. The air outside was warm and muggy, and Eliora sighed happily at the traditional Toronto weather. "Trust me," Eliora said looking at her friend, "It sucked, the movie was so corny!" "It's called romantic, Eliora!" Rebecca retorted, wondering why her friend hated love stories so much. "Whatever", Eliora exclaimed changing the subject and getting into the driver's seat., "I will drop you off at home." "Actually, I was wondering if we could head over to the Pizza Place across the street, I am kind of hungry?" Rebecca asked giving her friend a pleading look. "Fine, but let me guess, you don't have any money." The girl exclaimed as she tied her long frizzy brown hair in a ponytail. Rebecca just shook her head and Eliora nodded knowingly before driving off to get pizza. Eliora had long ago accepted her friends eating habits, that girl could eat like a lion and somehow she still managed to stay stick thin. Eliora was jealous of her for a time for her beauty and the amount of self confidence that resonated from the red haired girl, but that was all in the past. She was surprised that Rebecca was still single. The two friends made their way into the pizza place that was named "Pelosi's Pizza" and were hit with the scent of baking bread and frying oil. Eliora made her way to the counter, but before she could even utter a word Rebecca was in front of her "Can I get a slice of veggie pizza and a bottle of sprite?" She asked the clerk who just nodded and looked over to Eliora, "I'll just have a bottle of Iced Tea." The brown eyed girl turned to her friend, "Go get us a seat I will bring the food over." "Ok, thanks Eliora", Rebecca said as she went to reserve a table for the two. Eliora looked at her watch, it was 11:45pm, and her parents wanted her home by 12:00, she would have make this side trip quick. When the clerk came back with their food the girl paid him and carried it over to the table. The two ate in relative silence for a while and Eliora looked up from her half scratched off iced tea label to her friend. Rebecca had a mischievous glint in her eyes as she looked at Eliora, and the red hared girl abruptly put down her pizza. "Sooo," Rebecca exclaimed waving her brow and smiling, "So?" Eliora inquired, what was her friend up to now? "Daren!" The red headed girl exclaimed watching Eliora's reaction, the girl just rolled her eyes. "Oh come on Eliora, you know he has a crush on you and he is like the hottest boy in school!" Rebecca squealed which just annoyed the brown haired girl even more. "You forgot about him being a total jerk and the fact that he bullies other kids, there is no way I would going out with that!" "Ok, so he is a little bit of a jerk, but have you seen him with his shirt off after football practice," Rebecca whistled, "I would love to fry my eggs on those abs!" Eliora raised an eyebrow at her friends statement, eggs? "Anyways we should get going it is almost twelve." Eliora said and her friend nodded before shoved the rest of the pizza in her mouth. Eliora hopped out of her car, finally home. The girl decided to try and sneak in, it's not like her mother would actually stay up this late and wait for her, right? With that thought the girl opened the door, but her stomach fell at the sound of her mother's voice from the living room."What time is it young lady?" Her mom asked standing up from the couch. Eliora looked at her watch, "Mom its 12:01, I am one minute late." The girl explained trying to calm her mother down. "Exactly!" Her mother said pointing an inquisitive finger at her daughter, "You are always home early when you hang around with Rebecca, who is the lucky lad?!" At some point in her mother's speech the women had made her way to Eliora and was smiling. Eliora sighed, "Mom I was with Rebecca the whole time, we just went to the pizza place after the movie to grab a bite before we came home." Eliora explained to her mother whose face fell into a frown. The brown haired girl said goodnight to her parents before going up to her room. She traded her day clothes for light blue pajamas and jumped on her bed. Eliora's parents were the kind that loved children and for some reason couldn't wait to have grandchildren. Then the girl had found out that she was unable to have children and didn't really want that kind of relationship. That boat sunk rather quickly Her parents didn't give up though, they tried to get her to have a boyfriend in any way possible, they almost bribed the neighbour's son to date her. The only funny this about the situation is that it never worked. After three years you think they would understand! The girl quickly got under the sheets and fell asleep feeling exhausted after the days events. Beep. Beep. Beep! Eliora groaned cracking one eye open to look at the clock, which blinded her with its big green numbers. Finally getting the strength to lift herself in a sitting position, she tried again. The clock read ten o'clock, causing Eliora to groan even louder, lucky for her parents, she was the only one home. Her mom must have set the alarm clock to wake her up early so she wouldn't be sleeping until three in the afternoon. Hopping out of bed the girl put on a comfy summer outfit and headed down the stairs, ready to fill her tummy. Walking into the kitchen Eliora pondered on what she should eat before going with the simplest option, cereal. Opening the refrigerator she was not greeted with the usual items found in the fridge, but with a poster of a very muscular dude with no shirt. Abruptly the girl closed the door sighing in annoyance, she really should have saw this coming. "Alright then," Eliora said to the empty house, "I'll have some toast." Opening the cupboard door she was greeted with another present from her mother, a note: You can always adopt. :) -Mom xoxo Eliora rolled her eyes before violently grabbing the bread out of the cupboard and popping two pieces in the toaster. "It's not going to work!" The girl exclaimed to the house, "I'm not going to change!" Really Eliora should have expected as much, at least once a week her mother would put some picture of some shirtless muscular man hoping to get Eliora to become attracted to men. She was not gay though, she just was not attracted to any gender at all. Call it whatever you want, asexual, aromatic, she just didn't feel anything, and that was that. However her parents didn't seem to get it, they wanted her to get married and have like five children or something. The phone rang, which took the girl out of her thoughts, before answering. "Hello!" A familiar voice said, "Hey Rebecca." "So how has your morning been so far?" She asked and Eliora sighed, "It's been pretty normal, that is if you define normal as your parents trying to convert you by hanging up creepy pictures of muscled shirtless dudes in various places of the house." She exclaimed, and Rebecca just hummed in understanding, "So they are at it again huh?" "Third time this week, I think it's a new record!" Eliora explained as she heard the toaster ding, signalling that her breakfast was almost ready. After lathering the bread up in Peanut butter and jelly, the girl was sitting on the couch with her phone tucked in-between her shoulder and ear while she ate. "So you want to hang out today?" Rebecca asked, "Sure why not." The girl said, it would be nice to get away from the creepy posters for a while. "So where do you want to meet?" Eliora thought about it for a second but it was too hard to think so much so early in the morning! "Surprise me!" She said before hanging up the phone and finishing off her sandwich. Eliora got comfy and started watching some fun cartoons before her friend got here, might as well kill time somehow, right? Eliora was currently walking through the park with none other than Rebecca. The two were just chatting about random crap when the conversation suddenly turned serious. "Hey" Rebecca said not looking Eliora in the eyes, "I am sorry about yesterday, I hope I didn't push your buttons too hard." The brown eyes girl just rolled her eyes at her friends choice of words, but a smile graced her features and Rebecca relaxed. "Don't worry about it, I was the one who fell asleep watching your sappy love movie." Eliora explained smirking. "It was not sappy!" Rebecca retorted playfully pushing her friend and earning a laugh from the brown haired girl. "Swings!" Rebecca screamed as she saw the hanging plastic seats in the middle of a small playground. Eliora just rolled her eyes as her friend ran over to the park while she trailed slowly behind, luckily no one else was around to see the girl's antics. The two friends were swinging peacefully, listening to the birds chirping and the trees rustling as a small cool breeze rushed past them. It was nice, to just relax for a while, Rebecca could be so crazy and childish that it was nice to have silence for a few