Harry's Cuddly Monsters Chapter One: Search for Potter. AN: HELP, this plot bunny kidnapped my Muse! AN2: All Monster Girl pics that I'm going to use for all my stories are in my Photobucket account Kithrin1 Dumbledore was in a panic, nearly ten years ago, the wards surrounding number four Pivot Drive fell, days after he has left a boy on the house's doorstep, and most if not all of the instruments he had that were tied to his physical, mental, and emotional health were on the fritz. The letter that would normally have let him know Harry's location, was unfilled with only the name filled out from the school rolls. They would all start up for second or so, then go dark, the location sensor has been acting like it has a seizure ever since the boy went missing, something that should be impossible since it would be able to find Harry, within ten feet of his actual location, anywhere from within Hogwarts grounds, to the other side of the world. It wasn't even acting like it was being jammed. It was acting like... It was this thought that stopped the old man cold. After over nine years this thought never stuck him because of the sheer, near impossibility of it. But every detection spell he has tried, every scrying technique gave him nothing. All he could tell from the residual magic of the wards all those years ago, was that the blood-wards sent him some place they considered safer than where Harry was left. Dumbledore looked at the 'Harry-Locometer' as he called it, and considered it's seizures with his new idea. The idea that the problem was it was registering Harry's Location as 'location invalid'. Seizing on this new idea, Dumbledore started running toward the restricted section of the library, where he remembered seeing a clearly dilapidated book titled Dimensional Magics. Grabbing the book and heading back toward his office he made a mental laundry list of goals. Goal 1: Find Harry Goal 2: Contact Harry Goal 3: if Harry has acquired guardians, convince them to sent Harry Goal 4: Retrieve Harry so that he may go to Hogwarts Goal 5: Determine how far Harry has fallen from the path he laid out. Goal 6: Correct the situation as needed. Looking though the book, the old man found a potentially useful spell at first, it required him to have an object belonging to a person, but it can find a dimensionally displaced person. Making a quick two way portkey, Dumbledore went to Godric Hollow, more specifically Harry's destroyed bedroom. Thankful that a stasis spell had been hast Dumbledore took Harry's Mattress. Heading back to his office, Dumbledore set up the quill enchanted to write out the address of a student and set it up for Harry's letter. Hoping that the mattress would prove to be enough, the old man cast the spell. The quill stuttered a few lines, before crossing out 'Harry Potter' on the letter. This provoked a raised eyebrow from the headmaster as the quill started to write. Talon Cursegem Bedroom Cabin in Monova Woods Dimensional Coordinates: 5#df^79)jga!24h\[[`~ Dumbledore looked at the address, then at his phoenix, and asked, "I don't suppose you can take me here can you?" At seeing the phoenix shake his head, Dumbledore went back to the book. Fortunately it had the spell needed to transverse different universes, unfortunately most of the description was unreadable due to the books condition, but the spell and wand movements were perfectly intact. Noting that the spell requires one to know the dimensional coordinates before it was cast, assuming the caster doesn't want to do a random hop, he smiled, since he knows his destination. He was about to start when he realized something and flipped through the book again, and quickly cast a spell, jotting down his current dimensional coordinates which were given to him through the spell, he grabbed the Harry-locometer and cast the transport spell. In a flash of plaid light, a man with too many titles was gone. Meanwhile, Talon, was relaxing in his favorite spot. He was wearing his standard outfit of leather pants with moccasin style shoes, sleeveless leather vest,a thin bandage like material that covered his arm like a elbow length glove, at his side there was a long dagger that had a menacing aura, a tarnished silver ring, and a few pouches strapped on his belt completed his attire. Thanks to a small spell he no longer needed his thick glasses, and he also had a black tainted aqua gem with silvery steaks imbedded in his forehead over his left eye. That same gem, had a side effect shortly after it imbedded itself into his forehead. The most visual difference was his change in features, his left eye was silver, while his right was purple. His hair had changed to an aqua colored with randomly moving black and silver streaks. His favorite spot was a small hill overlooking the closest mostly human community. It also overlooked the forest that was his home. He loved the spot because the view can reflect his current mood, sometimes he needs to look at the tranquility of the forest, which was his home to calm down, other times watching the bustle of the far away humans was what he needed to calm himself. He was currently overlooking the village, and thinking about the bomb three of his adopted mothers had dropped on him, not that he was adopted, that was completely obvious, but that three of the mamono's or monster-girls that had raised him, wanted to be his future mates when he became sixteen. Two of his moms though just wanted to raise him as their own. One thing that they did make clear though was it would be his choice in the end, and that the three had already agreed to share between themselves if he chose them. "Master," a slightly hollow voice sounded from behind him interrupting his thoughts. Turning he saw the only mamono living with him that was not either a mom, or a mom and possible love interest. She was a skeleton type monster whom had somehow created a maid outfit that could withstand the flames at her joints, leaving only her skeletal arms, legs, and the head with the skeletal half mask showing and crimson hair. "Yes, Kell?" Talon replied while patting the ground next to him. "Whats bothering you master?" Kell asked as she sat down next to her master. "What some of my moms dropped on me earlier, that they started raising me to have a perfect mate to share. I know they love me even if I don't accept but..." Harry started with a groan as he moved so that his head was in his maids lap. "Hmm," the skeleton replied as she started running her boney fingers through her masters hair. "I suppose you'll have to check your feelings in a little over five years won't you, of course they did say that was the minimum age, I'll bet that they'll be willing to wait longer if need be." Closing his eyes he replied sleepily, "I know, but..." "Shhh, just remember we all love you in our own ways," the skeleton reassured him with a smile. "Do you ever regret swearing yourself into my service?" Talon asked semi coherently. " No master, after all it was my fault you became burdened with that thing. I'm just glad you accepted my penance for failing my duty. Now... now I can't imagine not serving you in some fashion. Besides, do you think I would miss our time doing thIEEEK," she started out speaking tenderly, but her little speech turned into a screech of pain as something blasted her. The shriek, along with her hands being ripped from his hair, along with some of the hair itself, woke the drowsy boy and he quickly stood up, and turned toward where the skeleton landed, he could tell in which direction she was sent flying by the direction his hair was pulled in. "KELL!" he yelled, before an unknown man in mage's robes gripped him, and chanted something while waiving a stick. In a flash of plaid light Harry, and the man was gone. Kell stood up shakily and glared at where the two departed, and holding her destroyed uniform together to staunch the wound in her ectoplasmic flesh on her chest, she quickly ran back to the home she shared with her master and her masters moms to tell them Harry has been kidnapped. The newly missing boy and the old man reappeared in the middle of a busy street full of people wearing mage's robes. This went unnoticed as Talon grabbed his dagger and directed a nasty slash to the old man, which was barely avoided by Dumbledore stumbling back. "I don't know what you hoped to gain by kidnapping me old man, but I'll make you regret your decision!" the boy shouted venomously. This declaration caused a gasp from many people in the street, as well as a lot of mumbling. "Now Harry my boyOOF!" Dumbledore started before he felt a vicious kick to his nuts, and was barely able to get away from the dagger. He wasn't able to dodge the follow up, but lucky he didn't need to, as Talon was levitated away before the dagger could do more that enter the first layer of skin. "Now what is going on here?" a severe woman demanded. "Madam Bones... Dumbledore started, but was beaten to the punch by the now trapped boy shouting, "that asshole attacked my maid, then kidnapped me!" "Is that True Dumbledore?" she asked. "Well I attacked something that I thought had him captured, but it's not kidnapping for a magical guardian to bring back his or her charge," Dumbledore said smugly. "He lies, I've never seen him before!" the boy shouted. "Well?" Amelia Bones asked. "I had placed him behind some wards to protect him, but he vanished from them within days," Dumbledore replied. "Dumbledore, you know full well that as a magical guardian, you have to have the child within your care at least one month a year, and since you didn't have him, and didn't report him missing, you are indeed kidnapping, and boy, attempted murder is a crime. Now I'm assuming Dumbledore that you want the boy in your school right?" "My name is Talon!" "Fine Talon, I assume you want to go home right? Lets compromise so neither of you goes to jail and both of you get what you want, follow me, and Dumbledore, this is in return for the favor I owed you, we are even now," Bones said as she lead the way to The Leaky Cauldron. Negotiations proceeded relatively quickly, with both adults ignoring the child in their midst, and the two agreed an hour later that Talon would go to Hogwarts, and then home for all school breaks. Despite Talon's protests the contract was signed, but Amelia knew it wasn't really valid without Talon's willing signature, and Talon has the right to refuse to come back after getting dropped home again. The head of the auror department whispered that into Talon's ear when he was about to interrupt again. So Talon calmed down slightly and whispered back, "don't expect me to waste money on items I'm gonna destroy ASAP, besides, I'm expecting a rescue." The department head cocked her eyebrow at that, but let it be. "Come Harry," Dumbledore said while standing up. "We need to get your supplys for school." Talon didn't Move an inch, which made Bones smirk. "Harry," An annoyed Dumbledore said. Talon didn't answer, why should he? He wasn't being called. "Talon!" Dumbledore ground out. "Yes?" came the response. "Why didn't you answer me?" the old man asked. "I answered you when you called me, but you were calling someone named Harry," the aqua hared boy replied evenly. Dumbledore massaged his temples and said, "Let's just