She pulled her hair back, tying it behind her head in as near a ponytail as possible blindly. Without pausing to check, in a nearby window, she crept forward, slipping between shadows on a lane full of nothing but shadows. To think that she might have been anywhere like this a week ago was laughable. Now, nothing made sense any more. All she knew was that where she was going, they might be able to help. A door opened nearby, and she dove into a thin alley, holding her breath. It was hot, here, and the thin space made her feel slightly claustrophobic. A pair of large men walked past, laughing with coughs interrupting at half second intervals. For all she could see, they were like two bulges moving along. There was no hesitation as they passed, and soon the sounds of their steps were gone. Inching her head at the edge, she looked out, swivelling both directions. No one. With quick feet, she slipped out of the alley and down to the end of the row. All of the shops were dark, now. It was late, immensely late. This was the only time she could even try. Where was it? The entrance… she had to. Another door opened behind her, only a few paces away. She froze, hoping it was just someone letting out a cat or… "Just getting a breath o' fresh air, lass," said a gruff voice. "Don't git yer knickers in a bunch." With a rush of adrenaline, she hurried forward, checking doors. Fifteen, eighteen, twenty-seven. She couldn't make heads or tails of the system. Then, it was there, thirty-one. Pushing the door, she was happy to find it open, as the note said it would be. Slipping inside, she shut the door as quietly as possible, holding a moment, waiting for a banging behind her. None came. Breathing a little easier, she walked across the decrepit room, not daring to make a light. The back wall was plastered with old magazine covers that moved and displayed ads sluggishly, tired with long age. In the dim sliver of moonlight that found its way through a high window, she searched. Finding a particularly gnarled and charred one with a dragon tossing its egg in the air, she touched the dragon's tail and one wing, just so. A click told her the work was done, and she found the now-open panel. Sliding it aside, fully, she crawled through, shuttering it behind her. Then, the floor gave way, and she slid, flopping hard on her face on the ground below. A light illuminated her, suddenly, overly bright. "Is it her?" asked a voice. "Show yourself," said another. She looked up, feeling pain on her front, but holding her hands up, showing she was not a threat. "Oh, good," said one, sighing. "Thank goodness," said the other. "You made it." "Y-yeah," she said, uncertainly, "just like the message said." She felt someone lift her and pull her into a deep hug. "Hermione," the young man, said. "How did you get away?" "Fred?" she asked. "You're the contact?" "And me!" George exclaimed. "Can't believe you'd forget about me." Her eyes adjusted, and she smiled, pulling back from the twins who had gripped her together in a group hug. "What are you doing here? What about your family?" "More on that later," Fred said. "We need to get you deeper. You'll be safer there." "Deeper than this?" she asked, looking around at the pitch dark room. The twins gave her a joint-mischievous smile, and tugged her along. "Trust us," the said. They led her down a sloping corridor lit with Fred's wand. "What happened at the school?" she asked, looking up at their faces. "The Ministry sent everyone home," Fred replied. "Made it sound like there was nothing to worry about, but they did ask a number of us about you… two." "Not that we had anything to tell them," George said, "if we would have told them." Hermione noticed that the corridor began to curve and slope downwards, a gentle winding deep down, like a drill bit. The twins gave no sign this was unusual, so she didn't mention it. "What did they do?" she asked, looking them over as best she could in the light. "Just a lot of talk about supporting the Ministry and how good citizens act," George replied. "I think they expected you and Harry to make contact with us first," Fred said. "So, they didn't want to scare us away." "How did you end up here, though?" she asked. "I mean, if they're watching you. Wouldn't they come find us here?" "They were very careful," Fred said. "Have it all arranged so we can be in this central hub without anyone being the wiser," George added, grinning. "Anyone who needs to lay low can look to us." "I don't-" she began. "We have funding, you see," Fred said. "So we could quit school and do what we really want," George added. "What you really-" she began. Her eyes widened. "No." "Yes!" they said together. "We're opening a shop in Diagon Alley!" "That's amazing!" she exclaimed. "But…" she paused, stopping her steps to look at them. "Who funded you? Do you know if it's…" "Totally a legitimate source," Fred said. "All above board," George added. "We have a business partner who didn't know what to do with a recent windfall," Fred said. "But he does believe in the cause," George said. "He knows what is going on, and wants to help however he can." "He?" Hermione asked, raising an eyebrow. "I felt terrible," came a voice out of the darkness ahead. "I should have been able to stop them from…" "Cedric?" Hermione asked, surprised as the older boy entered the wand light. "Hello," he replied. "I'm glad to hear you're okay. We've lost track of too much since…" "You shouldn't blame yourself," Hermione said, observing his face. "Harry got out and-" "Not here," Fred said. "We're almost there. We should be safer to speak openly there." "Especially about Arry-Hay Otter-Pay," George said, obvious in his emphasis. Cedric joined them in walking down the sloped path. It went only a few turns further. Clearly, Cedric had been sent up to meet them. Or to guard the entrance from someone else? "They're waiting for you," Cedric commented, waving to a grey steel door ahead. "I know," Fred said. "We could only start down when she arrived," George said. "I was telling her," Cedric said, giving them an odd look. "I-er, okay," Hermione said, following Cedric's gesture and entering the door. The others followed her, but stayed a few paces behind while Hermione stepped into a bright space, blinking. The space ahead was wide, much wider than she had expected. It looked, as Hermione's eyes grew accustomed to the light, a bit like a Muggle palace of some old king. The whole of it seemed to glisten until she came closer to a wall of brick. It was old and well worn, as though aged for centuries in a wide variety of weather. She reached out a hand to touch it, but a voice called her attention away. "Miss Granger," the voice said, "if you could join us, please?" Hermione, curious, followed the voice around the corner of the brick wall to find a round table with five seats, four of which were taken. Her eyes grew wide, seeing the group seated. It was not what she had expected. Seated in front of her were Albus Dumbledore, Madam Maxime, Alastor Moody, and Amelia Bones. "Please, take a seat," Dumbledore said, his voice kindly, but she could detect something worn, tired in it. "Headmaster," she said, pulling out the seat to sit. "I - what is going on here?" "Test her, Albus," Moody growled. "We cannot afford the risk." The Headmaster nodded. "Apologies, Miss Granger. We need to be sure. With whom did you watch the final game of Quidditch your first year?" "I…" Hermione began, thinking back, "Bill and Charlie Weasley sat with Harry and me. Why would you ask a Quidditch question to me?" "Just a couple more, Miss Granger," Dumbledore said. "Your pardon, please. When Fred Weasley looked in the Mirror of Erised, what did he see?" Hermione paused a second. They had both seen something different. Which was which…? "I believe Fred saw a prank war and George saw the pair of them owning a joke shop." "Good," Dumbledore replied. "One more, if you don't mind… What memory did you share with me in your first year?" "It was what Harry and I had overheard in the Astronomy Tower," she replied. "We later learned it was Quirrell speaking with V- You-Know-Who plotting to take the Philosopher's Stone." "Very good, Miss Granger," Albus said. "Satisfied?" He directed the last to Moody. The other man just grunted. Dumbledore turned back to Hermione. "Well, then," Dumbledore said. "I think we are satisfied you are who you say you are." "Thanks?" Hermione replied. "C-can I ask what is going on here? Where are we?" "I am sorry for the confusion, Miss Granger," Dumbledore said. "We had to find you before they tracked you down. You still have the Trace on you, and I don't have to tell you the risk that raises." "Isn't it risky for you to meet with me?" She asked. "Shouldn't I go?" "We have shielded this place, protecting it from Trace detection, among other things," Madam Bones said, cutting in. "Young Champions and their friends aren't the only people focused on self protection." Hermione looked at the Head of the Department of Magical Law enforcement, questions bubbling up. Before she could voice them, Dumbledore cut in. "Madam Bones is here to help, Miss Granger," he said. "She has my full trust, and you can speak freely with anyone at this table present." "Sorry," Hermione said, though she had said nothing against the woman. "I hope you can understand… given recent events." "All of our trust is on thin ice, Miss Granger," the woman said. "Stories from the other night are too varied and fantastic to easily believe. We were hoping you might shed some light on it all." "You may know more about what happened in the maze," Hermione began. "I was outside, near the front. Professor McGonagall had asked me to remain there in case Harry came out on his own." The others were quiet, intent, all faces hard and thoughtful. Hermione continued without pause, hoping to help them in some way with her little bit of the events of that night. She had a hard enough time believing it, herself. "Harry messaged me, his voice a little unclear, I think due to the spells in the area. He said something about the Silver Scions doing something to him, they tried to put Riddle into him. He didn't elaborate, but then said that the Death Eaters stopped them. He escaped while they fought. He asked me to send up a flare to guide him out of the maze. I did, and he told me he was on the far side of the maze and the fighting was between us. "He determined to go out of the maze and asked if I could come around to meet him. I rushed around the maze then, wand ready. I could see a lot of smoke over the maze but didn't see anyone until I saw Harry duelling someone. Before I reached them, Harry had disabled his opponent. Harry told me it had been Barty Crouch Junior disguised as Professor Dubois. "Harry and I went to the school to hide in the Room of Requirement, but… You-Know-Who was there and we were surrounded. Erm-" She paused, wondering if she should say the next bit. It was important, but would she be believed? "Yes, Miss Granger?" Madam Bones asked. "I-," she began, taking a breath. "He was there, too, Madam Bones, th- the Minister of Magic. H-he said he w-would help