Description: Danny doesn't know who he is or where he's going. To survive, he'll have to depend on his new friends to discover his past and create his future. TITLE: At Last RATING: K+ (may become T by end) Genres: Humor and Adventure Main Characters: OC 1 (Danny), OC 2 (Skylar), Leo, Nico, Percy, & Hazel A/N: Happy birthday OC (Danny)! This is my (and my co-writers) first chapter. We will try to keep any and all spoilers for BoO to a minimum. Writers: It'sJustSkylar, me, and occasionally lupuscarmen13, who did also edited and beta'd. All rights go to Rick Riordan. Chapter 1 Stupid Venti Danny My story begins with a herd of horses and a cold wind. I was just walking along the streets of downtown New York when a really cold breeze came brushing past my neck. I thought it was just the wind, so I kept walking. Suddenly out of nowhere there was this floating horse right in front of me. Then it quickly kicked me in the chest and I didn't do anything to the thing. I can run for a long time, but I don't know why, so I started to run. Out of nowhere, I somehow knew where I was going. I sensed that there was a safe place by Long Island, so I started running in that direction. As I ran, out of nowhere I was kicked in the face by some invisible being. I was almost knocked out by it. Now I know it's a threat and running away from something fast and invisible can be dangerous. I knew in my gut I was almost to the safe place. Then there was a bunch of those floating horses surrounded me, furiously following me with their glowing eyes, ready to fight. Me being my stupid self didn't have any weapons with me, even though someone once told me that you should always be prepared for anything. So I was just standing there getting ready for the fight when I thought I saw two people. Why would people be in the the middle of freakin nowhere? But hey, I was lucky that those people were there because I was bruised and bleeding from those stupid horse things. As I was staring at the people I was kicked in the lower back by one of those freakin horses. I slowly got up and decided that my best chance was to run to those people. Just as I reached those people, I passed out. Skylar I leaned against the pine tree dedicated to the once-again alive Thalia, watching Leo mess around with machine parts in his lap. I was still kinda apprehensive about the whole guarding the border thing; Piper and Jason were just trying to get rid of us for a bit. I sighed, feeling a bit bored. Guarding the borders now was really just boring and unnecessary. I was about to crack a joke about this whole thing when I saw this guy frantically running towards us and swatting the air like he was being attacked by a crazy mob of invisible killer bee's. I glanced at Leo who now just noticed and was starting to get up. "Uh, Skylar? I think we got another crazy." I was about to laugh when I felt something weird. It was a feeling that was all too familiar. Aboard the Argo II, I had felt this plenty of times. Now I got the sense that he wasn't running from crazy invisible killer bees- no, he was running from one of my father's Venti! I shot off from the tree. quickly unsheathing my sword and grabbed Leo by the arm. I shot down the hill to try to help the guy. He looked like he had been through a lot. Just as we reached him he fell over. I pointed my sword to the air. "Venti, show yourselves!" The wind picked up and then died down again. The the wind started to mold a horse. When it was done a posse of dark horses were facing us looking quite agitated. I wondered what this guy did to make them angry they don't usually attack people without orders. I looked the leader right in the eye. Silence filled the air. "So, uh, that's a nice pony gang you got there," Leo said. I glanced back at him mentally face palming. I turned back to silently challenging the leader of the horse posse. Finally the leader looked at the ground signaling that I had won the stare down. I smirked and said rather confidently, "Good thing you came to your senses. Now go, I don't want you here! And no more attacking people!" The horses whinnied as if to say, ' yeah yeah lady whatever. ' It was about to take off when I stopped it. "Wait! Say you're sorry now!" The horse looked at me like, ' are you serious?' "Do it!" I heard Leo snicker from behind me. The horse looked down at the limp body and then glanced back at me. Finally, the horse bowed its head at the boy then disappeared. I glanced back at Leo who was looking rather amused. "That's how you handle a gang of vicious ponies." Leo burst out laughing. I cracked a grin and pushed him. "And this is why you're one of my best friends Skylar Knite." I rolled my eyes nonchalantly. "Yeah, yeah, I know, I'm awesome." I suddenly remembered the guy laying there, injured and in need of our help. Wow, Skylar, way to forget. I waited for Leo to calm down. "So uh...what do we do with him?" I nudged my head at the still nameless guy. Leo shrugged. "I guess we bring him in camp." We both picked him up by the arms and tried to drag him up the hill. Boy was he heavy. If Leo wasn't there to help, I probably would've been squashed like a pancake. As we dragged him to the Big House, people stopped what they were doing and stared at us in wonder. We finally arrived and we flopped him over onto the couch. I sat on the floor in exhaustion, Leo did the same. We sat there for a minute huffing and puffing. Finally, Leo got up and said, "I'll get Chiron. You stay here and watch the new guy. Make sure he's okay." He walked out. I sighed and sat there, waiting for Chiron's arrival. Danny As I woke up, I assumed everything from the day before was dream. I mean, it was just a little crazy. Just a bit. I tried to sit up, but then, suddenly, I was surrounded by kids my age. They looked like they were experienced doctors, which was weird. They told me to lay down and to not get up. Then there was a old man that came next to my bed and asked me my name and how I ended up here. I told him my name is Danny and then my story. Then this Latino boy and redhead came in. "I thought you would never wake, Danny," the Latino boy joked. The redhead nudged the boy. "What he means is, hi. I'm Skylar and this is Leo, we're the ones that saved your butt or AKA me because I did all the work." "Ah, thanks, but where am I? And how long have I been asleep, because the world doesn't wait for you," I said. "I don't know." It looked like she was looking around for a clock. Then she turned back to me and shrugged "Maybe 25 or 30 minutes." "Hey, where's my bag, and my t-shirt?" I asked, trying to get up and starting to freak out. "Don't worry, they're on the table in the front room. We totally didn't look through them or anything like that." She smirked at Leo. They seemed to be sharing a inside joke. "Well, that's reassuring." I said with a smirk. Skylar returned the smirk and said, "Yeah totally we are very reliable people. Aren't we Leo?" "What? Yes, we are we saved your life didn't we." Leo stated Skylar started coughing, choking a 'me' in the middle of it. Leo gave her a dirty look. "Without me this guy would have squished you like a pancake." As he said that, he turned his curly-haired head and said no offense to me "You would be still out there dragging Danny here." As he finished, he crossed his arms in triumph. Skylar just rolled her eyes and came back at him. "Just because you helped deliver the item doesn't mean you did any of the work." "Hey!" I yelled "I'm not an item! I'm a person and my name, again , is Danny." "I meant it as a metaphor." "Of course you did," I said, rolling my eyes. Skylar shifted and said, "Yeah, yeah don't mention it." She looked at Chiron. "Sorry to keep you waiting, did you want to go full-on 'Welcome to camp half-blood'?" "Half-blood!?"I questioned, trying to get out of the cot. "Whoa!" said a blond haired kid came rushing in. "You are in no condition to leave yet, Danny-boy. Do you realize how badly you were hurt?" "Oh, come on Will, you're no fun," Leo said. "Ok? So, I can't leave..." I trailed off, "but what a half-blood?" "Hey, Skylar it's your turn to explain the half-blood thing," Leo called in a teasing tone. Skylar smirked as if she was waiting a long time for this. She straightened up and continued for Leo. "Being a half-blood is where one of your parents is a god and one is a mortal. Technically, the term is demigod- it basically means 'half human, half god'. For example, my father is Aeolus, god of the wind and master of Venti. One is my friends, Nico, his father is Hades, god of the underworld." "What? Aren't those Greek gods? I thought that there were myths!" "I am not a myth, right Lenno?" a fat man who had been introduced to me as Mr. D, or Dionysus, said. When I stared at him, he let out a disgusted snort. "Great, another 'precious' demigod who doesn't believe in the gods. Yay for me." "He almost sounded like he cared that time," Leo whispered to me. "Mr. D. You don't have to be here for much longer. I don't want to hear you complain." Chiron said. "Hey Mr. D, I wouldn't get her angry because she has a gang of evil espresso drinks to back her up!" Leo said with a huge smirk. Skylar smiled at him as if to say thanks buddy I owe you one. Skylar shot a glare at Mr. D. "Let's answer your weird questions. Yes, we're talking Greek gods here, like certain ones who turn you into dolphins for no good reason." She paused and looked at Mr. D again then continued."As for the myth part, that's what the gods want the mortals to believe. Naturally, you were raised by a mortal and obviously never told you about it. It was probably because they either had no idea about your parent being godly, or were trying to keep you safe. Normally, by the age of 12, monsters start to attack or you realize who you are. You also probably have ADHD or dyslexia." "I have ADHD," I said slowly, trying to comprehend this. "It's normally pretty bad. This is the first time in years that I don't feel like I'm drinking double espressos." "Yep, typical. Your brain is hardwired for battle and ancient Greek. You will just naturally do things without thinking because you will need that in battle." She paused and looked around the room."How'd I do? Huh? Was I good at explaining it? I mean, I have been here for like 4 years so I better know this stuff or I'm screwed." She laughed at herself. "Yes, you did awesome." said a new blonde. This time it was a girl.