Color. Despite what you might believe, it wasn't familiar to most of the people Percy had met. It was a strange concept if you didn't know what color was in the first place. If you only saw gray. He could see some differentiation however, he could see shades of gray. Black was black, and white was white, but everything in between was just a darker or lighter shade. As was the world. No one knew how long the affliction went back in human history. Some ancient Egyptian tomes speak of the man who saw red. They say that one day he went to work at the market, went through his day, and suddenly the blankets hanging on the wall weren't gray. They were a bright, vibrant red. No one knows how, or why, that happened. It just did. There was another tale, in 1666. London was a sprawling city of hustle and bustle, workers trying to advance their well-being. One man was different. "He was a recluse", one source says, "Hidden away in his house all day. Never went outside." Then he did. One word was said by the man who started the fire. The Great Fire of London, which claimed an estimated 70,000 homes. "Love." He was deemed insane, and was shipped off to prison without a second thought. No one ever asked a second question. The last tale to be told here will be told, choose to believe it or not, that is your choice. The last men to have seen color were Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi and Richard Morris Hunt. They designed the Statue of Liberty. Word was, when the Statue was finally built, and erected for the first time, tears shed from the men's eyes. They were said to have put all they had into the one structure, and that was emotionally momentous for them. Then they saw the gleaming, brown copper. Not gray. No one believed them, but the words were put to record in history. These are only the most popular of examples. Many people claiming to see color were all over the world, but they were called crazy the moment they said anything like that. Some called it societal suicide, others insanity. One man didn't. Someone made the connection. One Alexander Albert Lehman. He was an aspiring scientist, living in a small apartment in New York City. Legend has it, he was sitting on a busted up couch late at night, reading some old novel by some small author. Then he cracked the code. More specifically, it was the decision to stay up late reading romance novels, but the code was cracked nonetheless. Alexander's work was strange. He had no true purpose of study. He majored in engineering, and became a scientist of his own accord. No major in chemistry, physics, or anything. Just hard books and late nights. According to the man himself, he was reading about love, no matter how cheesy the book was, it struck a spark. "I snatched my laptop from my side and frantically tapped out some words into Google. Crazy, I know. Some wanna be scientist cracked the world's secret with one Google search, but that's how it happened." All he did was type: People who claimed to see color. It was easy as that. The sleep deprived man in an extremely cheap apartment changed the world. Percy sighed as he leaned back in his chair. He cracked his knuckles as he typed his paper on Alexander Albert Lehman, the man who changed the world. "Crazy old man." Percy muttered under his breath before going back to typing, "If you're going to change the world, at least have some proof behind you first." Alexander's theory wasn't the best. It was half-baked at best and maniacal at worst. He had no one to back him up, and so the only thing to do was write a paper. When the paper was published, The Complete Analysis of People Who Saw Color and the Similarities Between Them, it lit up like wildfire. Critics from every corner of the scientific community bashed the piece, calling it 'stupid' and 'non-scientific'. Then the proof became undeniable. One of the biggest haters of the theory, a man of German descent, Rheiner Stahlbaum, saw color. In one night he went from destroying the paper by hateful words, to praising it like the high heavens above. The paper was taken as real by one post. " Hello. It is I, Rheiner Stahlbaum, here to apologize. As you may know, the extremely popular paper, The Complete Analysis of People Who Saw Color and the Similarities Between Them, has been public for a week now. I have been attacking it for what I saw it as. Unscientific and ridiculous. Then something changed. As you all know, the paper claims that to see color, you must fall in love. That happened to me. I am ashamed to admit that I use a dating app. On this first date, it was unexplainable. She was wonderful, funny, amazing. When I looked in her eyes, I saw blue ." The post exploded. Everyone was shocked, and it was accepted as true. People came forward, telling their stories. Most were old couples who had been married for years. They had been called silly and senile for claiming to see the world as it was supposed to be, and now they were accepted. By the year 2010, the idea of Matching was born. The creator of the app Tinder combined efforts with Stahlbaum and Lehman, and invented an algorithm that took data from social media posts, personal inserts of interests, wants in a partner, needs in a partner, etc. Matching stations were popping up in every major city. A revolution was taking the world by storm. Then there were some, shall we say, unexpected results. A woman took the test out of pure curiosity, and matched with her boyfriend's best friend. The news got out, and the boyfriend was not happy. The boyfriend killed the girl in cold blood and drunken rage, then moved on to the friend, and killed him too. President Barack Obama declared that something had to be done. Congress passed a law unanimously, stating restrictions of the test, and those who took it. Any person who wishes to take any form of the 'Matching' must be over the age of majority, or else punishable by a minimum of 10 years in prison and a $10,000 fine. Any person who applies for the test must not take any mind altering substance, such as alcohol, hard drugs, or any amount of overdose of over the counter drugs. Any person who completes the 'Matching' cannot sue any person for emotional harm, such as the reason for the test is to see inside one's mind and find a match. The President signed it immediately, and the Supreme Court didn't even so much as object to the passing of the law. The Matching had begun. Percy groaned as he cracked his fingers. Snatching a glance at the clock, he read 11:37. He groaned louder, and slammed his hand on his desk in a not-so-light way. He cringed at the loud sound, hoping not to wake his mom, or worse, Gabe. Gabe was a stinky bastard of a man. He smoked cigars the size of Percy's fist, and drank til the sun came up and then down again. Percy still didn't know why his mother stayed with him. She hadn't taken the matching, it cost too much, and Gabe definitely didn't love his mom. Percy sighed, then stripped off his shirt and collapsed into bed, ready for another insufferable day at school. BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP SMACK! Stars floated around Percy's head as he hit the ground. 'Not a good start to today.' He thought miserably, eyes drooping. Reluctantly he crawled off of the floor. Grabbing some fresh shorts from a drawer and a decent-smelling shirt from the one above that, he tip-toed into the bathroom. The shower water was ice cold, and he definitely wasn't stepping into that water anytime soon. BANG BANG. "Brat open up the door so I can take a piss! I told you to never lock the door dammit!" A roaring voice yelled from outside. 'Gabe. Shit.' Percy cursed, then he yelled aloud, "Alright but give me a second, I'm getting in the shower." Percy hurriedly unlocked the door, then nearly sprinted into the shower. Sure enough, Gabe didn't wait so much as three seconds before barging in and slamming the door into the wall. Percy tried not to shake too much as the water slowly warmed up, but the goosebumps were only visualizing the misery of the morning so far. After the shower, Percy slipped into the clothes he had, and then toweled his strangely, barely wet hair, and then strolled into the kitchen. Ignoring Gabe in the living room, smoking again, he greeted his mother warmly and sat down. "Morning honey." Sally Jackson smiled, focusing on the pancake batter on the pan. Sally Jackson was pretty much the only light in Percy's life. She cared for him through thick and thin, even with his terrible grades and getting kicked out of numerous schools. Sally was the only person holding Percy together, or else he would have ran away years prior. "Morning mom." Percy replied, breathing deeply, "Smells good, but don't forget…" Sally interjected, "The blue food coloring. I'll never forget sweetie." Percy smiled as he zipped up his backpack, checking that all his papers and school laptop were in there. Tapping absentmindedly, his ADHD zoned him out he didn't even hear the doorbell ring. "Percy, could you get that please?" "Huh, oh! Yeah sure mom." Percy hopped off the stool, then snuck past Gabe, who was opening another can of cheap beer, and opened the door. "Grover! Hey man what're you doing here? School isn't for another hour and forty five minutes." Percy said, clapping Grover's hand. "Actually I was here to remind you about that new club we signed up for. Study Club, remember?" Grover deadpanned, as if knowing that Percy had forgotten. Percy cringed, "Oh. That. Umm, well I was hoping you would forget about that. Look man my grades are rising. I've got an A in Latin, and my lowest is a D in English, and that's only because Mrs. Roan sucks." "Ah ah ah, I can see right through you man. It's only been a few weeks and I know you have an F in Math. C'mon. I'll be right there with you. I heard that Annabeth girl is gonna be there. Remember her?" Grover grinned, a sly smile on his face. Percy blushed, then pulled Grover into the kitchen, past Gabe, who had opened a second beer and was holding a new cigar in his left hand. "Mom, I forgot about Study Club, gotta run. Sorry!" Percy blabbed. He grabbed three pancakes that were sitting on the counter, his backpack, and almost full sprinted out the door, pulling poor Grover behind him. This did not fare well, as Grover had a disease in his lower legs, and had crutches. Luckily, he was used to this, and hopped with extreme speed to keep up. "Perce you gotta stop doing that." Grover whined, puffing with harsh breaths. The pair now walked at a normal speed, towards the new school Percy had transferred to. Goode High. Percy said nothing, only smirked lightly, then gazed around at the street. Small booths were set up along the sidewalks, advertising different foods, hot dogs, sandwiches, burgers. A very large bill board glowed in a bright grey with one word across it, Matching. Percy snorted as he watched a woman walk into the small hut just below the billboard. All it was was a fingerprint scanner, and insert for a Social Security Card, and a tray for the entering personality sheet and return list. He absentmindedly wondered who he would get. It would only be three years, not far off. Annabeth could