AN: So this story came about one afternoon because I saw a note in a random fic about skilled Occlumens being able to fake memories. This set me to thinking about the Snape's last 'gift' to Harry and how things might be a bit different if he had actually faked some or all of that sequence as a final dig against a young man he despised. The result is this fic. It's short and doesn't really have any clear pairings unlike the majority of my work. If you squint it could either be a Honks or a Harmony pair, but that's not the point of this fic at all. It was just something to help me over some blockages recently. Enjoy and please review if you feel the urge. As usual, I do not own Harry Potter or any of these characters. Except Death. I own him; I have the Hallows to prove it! Severus Snape's Final Revenge "Harry Potter, the boy who lived…come to die." "Let's get this over with, Tom," Harry stated squaring his shoulders. If this was to be the end he would go leave this world on his feet. No one would see him falter at the close. Voldemort smiled and chuckled as he raised his wand. The clearing was deathly silent as the remaining Death Eaters watched on avidly. "Perhaps…not just yet. Cruicio! " Harry had just enough time for his eyes to widen as the sick red beam of energy lashed towards him. Every nerve fired and pain descended upon him. One distant corner of his mind registered that he was screaming and writhing on the ground, but the larger portion of Harry's brain was consumed with the pain. He couldn't think, he couldn't breathe, his throat was raw and he was wheezing by the time that Voldemort lifted the curse. Harry could only blink and try to focus his eyes as he saw feet step closer to him from Riddle's position. Clenching his teeth Harry bit back another scream of pain as a heavy book kicked him onto his back. The snake-like face of Riddle peered down at him. The eyes were narrowed and the mouth was quirked to the side as Voldemort grasped Harry's face slowly twisting his head this way and that. Finally Voldemort sighed and shook his head releasing Harry. "Why did you come here, Harry? Certainly you must know that I'm going to slaughter anyone still willing to fight me anyway? We've come across each other often enough that you know me that well at least…Have you prepared something for me? Some trap you think I will walk into after killing you? Something you'd need to buy time for your… friends to prepare? Or do you truly just hate yourself that much to simply want me to end all this and prevent yourself further suffering?" Harry smiled and tried to tell Voldemort to piss off, but all that came out was a grunt vaguely sounding like, "Prs ff." Not his best comeback ever. Idly, Harry wondered just how long Voldemort had held that curse. "My lord," Bellatrix said softly as she came to stand near Voldemort. "Why do you not just finish it? I toyed with my pitiful little cousin and, well, the haughty bitch used my inattention to slip away at the very end." "Are you calling me inattentive, Bella?" Voldemort asked. The steel and ice in his voice had every Death Eater snap to full attention and Harry nearly laughed as he saw Bellatrix's mouth drop into a gape and her eyes widen to comical proportions. "Of course not, Master! I did not mean to imply anything! I merely meant to comment that – " "That I was unable to kill Potter at my leisure before so now I should take the scrap opportunity given to me on a silver platter." This time Harry did actually manage a gurgle resembling a chuckle at Voldemort's reply. "We shall discuss your feelings on my competence later, Bellatrix. For now…for now I would know just what it is that Potter is planning. Legilimens !" Harry screamed again as he felt Voldemort slam through his pitiful mental defenses like a lorry through tissue paper. Snape's mindrape in Fifth Year had been bad, this was exponentially worse. Harry felt as if his head was going to split apart as Voldemort came to a stop in his mind and called up Harry's memory of watching Snape die. Before he could even try to stop him, Harry watched helplessly as Voldemort shifted ahead and observed the Pensieve thoughts of the Potions Master. Harry was forced to watch all over again as he learned that he was fated to die. That no matter what happened he couldn't live through this night. That he had to sacrifice himself in order for Riddle to finally be mortal once again. Almost before it had started it ended and Harry was curled up on the ground again. Vomit was splattered all over the ground beside him and he could barely think through the aching in his head. Voldemort for his part just threw back his head and laughed. The Death Eaters swiftly followed suit though the quick glances to each other showed none really had any clue what they were missing. " That ? That is why you walked here to offer yourself to me? You think you are a Horcrux boy!?" Voldemort doubled over holding his sides and shaking his head as he kept cackling. Harry was able to snarl at the man and lift his head to spit a curse at him. "F'cc, yrsef 'om!" Marginally better than previously. At least now it was approaching real words. "You foolish, foolish boy," Voldemort said finally getting his laughter under control. He leant down and tapped Harry's forehead. "That scar was there before I ever arrived, Harry. A remnant gift from your mother. I know not what ritual she used, only that it was powerful and ancient. I knew if you were allowed to grow with her as your teacher you would be my equal. She was dangerous and brilliant. One of the very few Mudbloods worthy of their magic." Voldemort stood and idly flicked his wand lifting Harry into the air to float behind him as Voldemort turned and moved to sit on his throne again. As soon as he was settled he smiled at Harry and fingered the Elder Wand disinterestedly. "You never found the ritual describing Horcruxes did you, Harry? Or should I say, your Mudblood friend never found them. Such a pity. They are quite complicated pieces of magic and they never fully separate from the base caster. Without that continued connection how are they supposed to tie someone to this plane?" Voldemort paused and he shook his head. "It works both ways, Harry. I felt every one that you destroyed. I always know the general location for each of my Horcruxes at all times. I let you keep the locket. I had hoped it would corrupt you. Failing that I thought that you might get lucky. Seven is magically powerful, six is not, five less so. Four might as well be useless. I gained no extra power from possessing four pieces of a split soul." Harry's eyes widened. His aching brain kicked into overdrive and he tried desperately to reach a different conclusion than what he kept falling back to. He'd been betrayed. "Most Dark Wizards will only split their soul once. The fools don't realize the benefits…the power of splitting it again. And yet, it was not enough. I wanted more . I needed more. So I made six splits. Six tears. Six pieces. Unfortunately I could not go to the next magically active number as six is the maximum that a soul can be divided before mental debilitation begins. Harry, Harry, Harry," Voldemort said with a heavy sigh. Harry just grit his teeth and curled his lip into a snarl. "I cannot tell you if Albus truly believed that fable about you, but I can assure you that Severus did not. Severus was the one who found the ritual book in the Hogwarts library when Dumbledore started to research me after all! He knew all about Horcruxes." "He 'oulnt," Harry spat. Not for nothing. This couldn't have been for nothing! "Yes he could, Harry." Voldemort grinned wider and laughed again. "Oh how he despised James Potter. I recruited him into my fold with a promise that he could kill the man himself. I was honestly disappointed when I had to break that promise. I was looking forward to seeing just how horrific a punishment Severus had dreamed up for the man. And here…here it seems he has finally achieved his revenge by proxy." "Fuck 'ou!" "Harry, Harry…language dear boy, language. One must remain civilized after all, hmm?" A smattering of chuckles sounded throughout the clearing before a glare from Voldemort had silence falling once again. "Albus Dumbledore trusted Severus because, as much of a hate-filled man he was, he was excellent with Legilimency and Occlumency. Severus was skilled enough to construct entirely new memories and feed it to a watcher with none the wiser for the deception." This time it was Voldemort chuckling. "I admit though, using his last breath to convince you to willingly walk to your death with a smile on your face? That …that is masterful. It is more cruel and spiteful than anything I have ever done myself. My revenge tends to be quiet and harsh – painful yes, but quick all the same. I wonder just how long Severus planned this deception…" Harry struggled against the invisible bonds holding him. He'd always hated Snape, but Snape had loved his mother hadn't he? He'd switched sides to try and protect her! He'd never betray Harry like… this ! Not after everything that he'd done previously! Not after the trust that Dumbledore had placed in him! No! Harry had seen those memories, they were proof that Snape was…they were proof that he…they…Harry stopped struggling and clenched his teeth squeezing his eyes shut. Snape had never thought of him as Lily's son. He'd only ever seen James in Harry's face. "And gloating like this isn't just as evil, Tom?" Harry asked in a whisper. Oh good he could talk correctly again. Perfect timing. Just in time to die. To die for nothing. For a lie. To die thanks to a man that had done nothing more than hate him, curse him, and wish him suffering. "True. I do draw this out don't I? My apologies, Harry. I simply felt you should understand how… weak love makes you. How blindly trusting. You thought he loved your mother? He did actually; if that makes you feel any better. He just never extended that feeling beyond that single woman. A good thing for me I believe. Goodbye, Harry Potter. If you should see Severus in your 'next great adventure' do tell him I am very impressed with his work will you? Avada Kedavra! " Harry awoke in a white featureless void. He laid still for…moments? Minutes? Hours? Time seemed…weird. Scowling, he eventually clambered to his feet and tried to squint through the fog surrounding him. It was relatively featureless but dim shapes were around him. Walking forward, Harry let out a quiet sigh as the area slowly resolved itself into a mockery of Kings Cross complete with a waiting train idling on the platform. Glaring at the train Harry stalked off to the bench in front of it and slammed himself into the seat crossing his arms and tapping his foot on the ground. "Well!" he shouted to the empty area. "If you want me to get on with it, you're going to have to come force me to do it! I didn't walk out to die for bloody nothing! You can at least come and chat with me or offer me a game of chess or something!" "Ah, but don't you generally