AN: I do not own Harry Potter. If I did I would be rich, be a woman, and Hermione would not have ended up with Ron. This story came about some time ago when one of my reviews on 'Rune Stone Path' set my mind thinking in weird directions. That spawned a mini-oneshot collected in the 'What If' section. I've wanted to come back to it for a while, but haven't had the time. Recently I sat down and ended up redoing it and adding quite a lot to the original idea. I still might come back to this in the future and increase/expand a bit in some areas however for the moment I am much happier with it! There is no bashing in this story and the fic is mostly centered around Hedwig's antics as well as some tidbits about Harry and his Coven reacting to events. For those familiar with 'Rune Stone Path', imagine that Shiva as slightly more rebel and that's her character here. For those unfamiliar, Shiva is my version of Professor Bathsheda Babbling (so named because she blew things up in her youth and the magicals didn't realize that the Hindu God of Destruction was male not female) and she is somewhere between 18-19 years old at the start of the story, just barely out of Hogwarts herself. Aurora Sinistra and Septima Vector have been aged down as well and were all in the same year group as Shiva. This story has been a hell of a lot of fun to write so I hope you all enjoy reading it as much as I did writing it! Please review if you feel the urge! Hedwig Slightly Unhinged August 1991 Hedwig was watching her human eat his ice cream as he sat in front of the shop. The large hairy one had gone inside to speak with someone familiar and left her and her human alone on the front porch. She liked her human. He was kind and talked to her like she could understand him. No human had done that before and she responded in kind. She was a smart owl. If her human was going to treat her with respect and kindness then she would do the same in return. And he'd promised her bacon when they returned to his nest. Hedwig was therefore very annoyed by the pushy group of individuals who came prancing up to her human. Harry seemed rather overwhelmed by the group and she considered flying into the middle of them but they started to separate themselves out slightly. The big one in the middle stepped to the front and held out her hand for Harry to shake. She then gave him a piece of paper. Hedwig certainly wasn't able to read human notes – nothing beyond addresses at least. But she understood Betrothal. Her human didn't seem to recognize that word however. Harry leaned over to the two red-headed children seated on the table next to him and Hedwig heard him ask, "Excuse me, do you know what a Betrothal Contract means?" The first red-head turned to his double and muttered something. They both then turned back to her human grinning. Hedwig didn't like that grin at all. "Sure, we know. Betrothal is just a fancy way of saying that you'll be friends for life." "Oh," Harry considered that and nodded. "Thanks. I wasn't sure whether to trust them or not. But I've never really had friends before so…sure why not." Hedwig barked in protest. Her human was not going to be stuck with this woman or her group. Not if the owl had anything to say about it! She took flight from her perch and tried to get to Harry before he could do anything he'd regret. Harry had already grabbed the quill from the woman and signed his part of the form before Hedwig managed to get to him. She barked again and beat her wings at the humans surrounding her Harry. Clacking her tongue at them and snapping her beak she pushed them back far enough that she could guard the paper. "Hedwig, stop!" Hagrid returned from inside the store to the scene of the commotion and promptly started yelling at the group of women for accosting Harry. Hedwig barked her approval at the large man and turned to affectionately nip at her human's fingers. Harry sighed and petted her. "Why did you do that, girl? I was looking forward to having friends." Hedwig barked at him and lightly nipped his fingers. The misunderstanding was unfortunate, but unavoidable until he learned to understand her. If it cost her bacon in the meantime though… Hedwig turned to glare at the giggling red-headed twins. She took off and gave them each a token of her affection while Harry slipped the paper with just the one signature into his bag. Hedwig had only been at the Dursley nest for a few hours before she knew it had to go. This was not an appropriate place her human to reside. Besides being yelled at and threatened her human was not fed enough and was not allowed out to fly. If Harry could not eat enough how was he supposed to feed her bacon? The large hairy man obviously had not been intelligent enough to do anything to remove Harry from this nest so the duty fell to Hedwig. She had been to Hogwarts before during her training and knew that he would be going there shortly. Hedwig started to consider her options. Harry had a partially signed Betrothal Contract already. With the appropriate second party…he would be leaving the Dursley nest before the year was up! Now the question came down to whom. Whom would Hedwig get to sign? She'd have to avoid the students. They might have nests of their own, but there were too many humans who could interfere if she did that. Harry might have to stay in this nest for too long while they fought amongst themselves. One of the teachers perhaps? It had been quite some time since Hedwig had last been to Hogwarts, but at that time many of the female teachers had been far too old for her human. It was still an effective option, but if she was deciding on a betrothal for her human she wanted him to be happy with her decision. Hogwarts teachers would be the second option then. First she'd investigate potential female mates on the street. So when Harry let her out that night, Hedwig flew around inspecting the options. None appealed. All of the adults present were far more interested in gossip or insulting her human behind their doors. The Dursley nest deserved the insults; Harry did not. Hedwig slowly expanded her search over nearly a week and eventually decided that there no suitable mates for her human in the vicinity. Even the younger ones always seemed to have something preventing her from accepting them as her Harry's mate. The next week saw Hedwig flying to Hogwarts several times and observing the staff as they prepared for the new school year. Surprisingly Hedwig found not one but three younger teachers relatively close to her human's age. Certainly there would be some differences…but it wasn't insurmountable. Hedwig watched her three targets carefully over several days. They were nearly always together as a triad. They ate meals together, they worked on preparations in the same room, they went to Hogsmeade together and they slept in the same bed together. They were a package it seemed. That wasn't necessarily bad…it might even be preferable in the long run as it would give her human a greater chance for young. More young would mean more humans who would reward her for a single task. More young was more efficient. The darker skinned one preferred to watch the stars before writing on her papers. She seemed to have a slightly different sleep cycle than the other two letting her stay up later into the evening. That could be useful, Hedwig had learned to be awake when required during the evenings to better meet her human's delivery and owl communication needs; having another to communicate with at such times would be fortunate. The one with glasses loved numbers – or at least Hedwig assumed she loved numbers as Glasses was always scribbling some math form or another on nearby surfaces greatly amusing the other two females. Then there was the one that liked to play with tiny stones. Hedwig liked stones so this female obviously had her head in the right place. The stone usually had some form of drawing carved into them, but Hedwig wasn't particular – as long as the stones were smooth and small, the Spunky Stone Player was in the right. This human was spunky and headstrong too as she seemed to lead the others. Her manner of dress leant evidence to her being feisty and rebellious. Rebellious was excellent. Rebellious would see her leaping to rescue her new betrothed from his horrific Dursley nest. She would do well as a mate for Harry. The next night, Hedwig carefully pulled the Betrothal Contract free from Harry's bag and took wing towards Hogwarts. She waited until it was late and the Spunky Stone Player was distracted with signing requisition papers while the other two females had stepped out. Hedwig carefully winged a stone to the far corner in order to draw the mate's attention and when the woman left to investigate Hedwig made her move. She laid the Betrothal Contract onto the top of the pile of papers and dragged another form on top to cover everything but the signature location. Hedwig then took flight again and hopped out the window to watch her human get a new mate. The Spunky Stone Player came back from her investigation rubbing a hand across her face. "I've got to stop staying up so late finishing these stupid forms. One day I'll learn not to leave it all till the last minute. Now I'm hearing things too." Sitting down the woman picked up her quill and signed the Betrothal Contract. A flash of magic engulfed her and the woman squeaked in surprise. Hedwig barked in happiness at her success and left to return to her human. Now she just needed the Spunky Stone Player to investigate the Dursley nest and Harry would be free. " What the bloody hell?! " Bathsheda Babbling's shout rang throughout nearly the entirety of Hogwarts castle. Aurora Sinistra and Septima Vector both looked up from their books, stared at each other for a minute and took off at a dead run towards their Coven leader's quarters. They arrived breathless just before Minerva and Albus all pulled up. "Shiva! What's wrong? What happened? Who died? What did you blow up? Did you blow yourself up again?" Aurora asked in a rush pushing inside. She came up short and looked on in confusion at her schoolmate. Bathsheda, known to her friends as Shiva, was cursing at a piece of paper in front of her and trying with all her might to pull a ring off her finger. "What kind of stupid idea for a prank is this? I signed this bloody thing with a blood quill! What idiot puts a legal contract in with requisition forms?! When I find who did this I will break them!" "Bathsheda," Minerva said trying to slow her breathing and holding a hand over her heart. "Perhaps you can tell us what is going on." Shiva looked up and scowled. She brandished the paper and tossed it across at them then proceeded to go back to trying to pull the ring from her finger without success. " What is going on ? That is what is going on, Min! Bloody hell this cannot be happening! Why won't the ring come off! This is NOT funny!" Minerva scanned the paper and paled. She gulped and handed it to Albus while Aurora and Septima read over