Chapter 1: My Childhood Spat Back Out The Monster That You See or, Monday, Sad, Sad Monday Rating: M mainly for language, and I can't discount any funny business later on Disclaimer: I work with only what the infallible J.K. Rowling has given me. There was one thing that Rose Weasley absolutely could not stand. Well, there were rather two things that drove Rose Weasley to unbounded mania, but mercifully, only one of these was her current cause for agitation. "Shit," she muttered as she checked her watch again. "Shit, shit, shit." She looked behind her, seeking out her parents in the crowd of commuters walking around Kings Cross Station. "Mum! Dad!" She looked at them in exasperation as Hermione Weasley refused to pass in front of the handicapped woman in front of her. Ron shrugged at his daughter weakly. "And this is why Hugo arrives with the Potters," Rose complained as soon as they had caught up with her. "Sorry, sweetheart," her mother apologised. As soon as they made the familiar fall through the barrier, Rose exhaled. "Thank Merlin." Ron checked his watch. "Hermione, we really should be going." The brunette pursed her lips and looked at her daughter. "Our Rose, going into her last year of Hogwarts. Can you imagine, Ron?" "No," he pointed out. "If you remember, Harry and I never did come back for our last year." His wife tutted at him, and pulled Rose into a hug. "Write to us, dear." "Don't I always?" "And don't get another one of those...boyfriends," Ron said, shuddering. "We can't keep an eye on you when you're so far away." "You and mum were technically together during seventh year," Rose reminded him, lifting her owl cage off her suitcase while Ron placed her trunk on the floor. " Technically ," Ron said, pointedly. "You should go," Rose pressured, taking another look at the clock. "I can manage." "Are you sure?" She nodded, sighing deeply. Ron fastened his daughter into a hug. "No boys, Rosie. Promise." She rolled her eyes and kissed his cheek. After a final wave, her parents passed through the barrier and were gone. Rose breathed in deeply, and looking down at her trunk realised perhaps she shouldn't've been so forthcoming in shooing away her parents. She looked quickly at her somewhat agitated tawny owl. "Hang on there, Horus," she said, softly. "I'll let you out soon." She sighed again, and braced herself to lift the huge chest to join the others. She'd gotten it to about shoulder height when she realised her efforts were futile, and her arms began to give way. "Damn it," she cursed loudly as her body sagged under its weight. Suddenly, the trunk was hoisted up above her head, and carried itself away into the baggage compartment. Of course. Her gaze followed it until it was secure, and she turned to thank her saviour. "Thanks so much for your-Nate!" Her ex-boyfriend of last year smiled warmly at her, and leaned in for a quick hug. "Still early, huh?" She reddened, and nodded. "How've you been, Rose? You look great, by the way." She swiped some hair away from her face and smiled back. "You too. I've been pretty good, but I'm running late for the train." Something appeared to have caught his attention. She followed his gaze down to her gleaming badge, emblazoned with the initials HG. "You got Head Girl?" Nate beamed. "I knew it would be you, Rosie. Uh…Rose." She blushed. "Thanks, Nate, it was a huge surprise when it arrived." A lie; she wouldn't have worked her heart out everyday for the past six years, taken extra classes, joined the Slug Club (until it was disbanded upon the Professor's retirement), and taken meticulous notes during every single excruciating History of Magic lesson unless she knew that she would reap every bit of what she had sown. "Don't be ridiculous, Rose," Nate chided her. "You knew you'd get it just as much as everyone else did." She turned even redder, but shrugged. "Do you know who got Head Boy?" She felt guilty the moment the words left her, noticing the lack of embellishments on his robes and remembering that Nate had probably been a strong contender for the title. He, however, seemed unfazed by her faux pax. "I have no idea, sorry." His gaze wandered to the monumental clock hanging behind Rose's shoulder. "We should probably get going. Which way are you headed?" To accentuate his point, the whistle sounded, and all loiterers and fellow latecomers hurried to board. Rose pointed to the back of the train where it had become customary for her, Al, and her best friend Genevieve to meet. While Nate's face fell, it also betrayed slight relief. "I'm going up front." She smiled at him. "It's alright. I'll see you at the Welcome Feast." He nodded, waving. "Bye, Rose." She watched him disappear, and then, shouldering her satchel and grabbing Horus' cage with the other hand, made her own way towards the back of the train. She had just reached the door of the compartment when the Hogwarts Express began to chug forward. "Merlin, Rose, and here you had us thinking you might not make it." She grimaced at her cousin over the flash of brown hair that had accosted her the moment her foot had trespassed inside. "Hi, Gen," she laughed, hugging her best friend tightly. "Missed you." She pulled back to scrutinise her. "You smell like Paris." "It was amazing, Rose," Genevieve gushed, tugging her down onto the seat beside her. "The food, the weather, the boys ." She fanned herself theatrically, and bent to feed Horus a treat. "Makes coming back here a bit underwhelming." "Hey!" Al complained. "No need to be nasty." Gen grinned widely, and propped her feet up beside him. Rose, as promised, opened the door to Horus' cage and watched as he flew up to join Archimedes and Navajo on the baggage rack. "Loving the badge," Gen added casually. "Do you know who got Head Boy?" She shook her head. Now that Nate was out of the picture, she was really hoping it might be Luke Cresswell, a fellow Gryffindor, though she couldn't shake the uneasy feeling inside her stomach that it she wouldn't be so lucky. At four o'clock, Rose hastily pushed herself up from her seat. She would make her way down to the Heads compartment while Al and Gen would stop two carriages short to join the other prefects. "We should go." They left their things for when they would return and headed for compartments A and C, bringing only the wands that were stowed in their jacket pockets. They didn't see many people as they travelled from the back of the train to the very front; most seemed to be keeping to their own compartments. As the three passed Compartment F, Rose caught sight of Olivia Roux, the prepossessing but trying seventh year Slytherin making her way back from wherever she was further up. Though Rose returned her shallow smile, her stomach sunk. "See you later," she said somewhat sullenly to her friends as they reached the prefect's compartment. She waved at the people she recognised from inside. "Good luck," Gen said, empathetically as the door shut behind her. Rose pulled a face, and steeled herself. Please be Luke, please be Luke, please be Luke. She passed Compartment B. It didn't even have to be Luke. It could be anybody, really. Just as long as it wasn't- But there he was: the second thing that drove Rose Weasley into unbounded mania. Reading. Figures. Her lip curled with distaste at the sight of his feet propped up against the seat opposite him as he casually reclined, his mouth slightly pursed as his eyes skimmed the pages. Abruptly, Rose realised there was nowhere she'd less rather be. Perhaps she could just go and join Al, Gen and the others in their compartment. He must be late , she would say, shrugging as she sat down. I'm sure he'll come and find me in here, not to worry. Maybe she could just back away before he'd even have time to- "Well, well. Weasley." Nevermind. "I can see the summer didn't really do any good for you, then." She smiled back wanly in response. "Malfoy, looking as albino as ever." She opened the glass door, and stepped inside. "Can't say I'm surprised, really," Scorpius drawled as she sat, avoiding his feet. "I suppose McGonagall had to pay you back somehow for your only friend being Madam Pince." "Yes," Rose said, adopting a thoughtful expression. "I suppose she must be compensating for you being born a bloodless, lousy git." "I'm breaking on the inside," Scorpius said, scornfully, and returned to his book. Silence. Rose could tell that neither was enjoying their predicament, but she couldn't give him the satisfaction of her leaving. Since this was at least the tenth time Scorpius' eyes had flickered to the door, he evidently felt the same way. "Did Olivia leave from here?" He slowly raised his eyes to meet hers. "What's it to you?" "Nothing," Rose said, shortly. "I was only wondering." "Well, don't." She inadvertently got to her feet, much to the Head Boy's surprise. "I'm…uh, going," Rose said, bluntly, trying to make it seem as if she had consciously decided to leave. "Going to check on the prefects, and whatnot." "Grand idea." To her intense displeasure, he stood too, and pushed past her out of the compartment. She huffed and shoved him back, called him an oaf - to which he scoffed at - and followed behind. "Afternoon," he said, pulling open the door. "Scorpius Malfoy, Head Boy." "Rose Weasley," Rose interjected as he re-opened his mouth to undoubtedly undermine her. "Head Girl." She scoped out Al and Gen, and sat in between them. "Bad luck, sweetie," Gen whispered, subtly patting her on the leg. Rose only shook her head exasperatedly at her, and turned to address the room. "Hi, everyone. This is a pretty informal meeting, and you don't have to stay here after this talk if you don't want to, but we just wanted everyone to get acquainted - or reacquainted - before the official start of term." Scorpius cleared his throat from where he was sitting by Tobias Nott, and leaned back. "We'll be hosting the first official meeting on Tuesday night at eight in the usual Transfiguration classroom where we'll sort out patrols and responsibilities and all that other mandatory stuff." The two exchanged a cool glance. "Right, that's it," Rose said, standing. "You can all go back to your compartments now, even if it is nicer in here." There was a perfunctory round of laughter, though some people remained seated. Rose gestured for her friends to leave with her, and they headed back to their compartment. "That's rough, Rose," Al said, as they sat down. "But, I mean, he was the obvious choice, right? You can't say you were surprised." Rose had neglected to outright mention her distress of Scorpius Malfoy being made Head Boy; she had juvenilely tabooed the subject, hoping that if she never voiced her unease aloud, she might avoid it. Her approach evidently left something to be desired. "I suppose." "Cheer up," Gen consoled her. "You'll barely have to see him - so what's a few Heads meetings here and there?" Her friends had a point. Scorpius Malfoy was not going to ruin her last year at Hogwarts, she would try her damnedest to make that true if it was the last thing she did. She summoned a smile to her face. "Anyone up for a game of Exploding Snap?" "Well handled," Tobias congratulated Scorpius as they returned to their compartment. "What was?" "You know, your first line of duty with Rose. No blood shed - that's promising, right?" Scorpius grunted in response. For the sake of his friend, Toby withheld his snigger. He waited patiently; it only took about thirty seconds before-