OF THE DARKNESS WITHIN (Elronduil fanfiction) Disclaimer: Please note that I don't own "Lord of the Rings" or "The Hobbit", they belong to J.R.R. Tolkien, neither do I own Peter Jackson's movies, which might be referenced as well. Sadly, I don't own anything apart from my insane imagination. W arning tags: maleXmale - homosexual relationships (don't like don't read), past relationships, sexual tension, sexual innuendo, mild smut/sexual content (plot-relevant, no porn!), bisexuality (bisexual elves), mental instability, implied mental health issues, implied alcohol abuse, implied sexual harassment, implied self-harm, non-con elements, dom/sub undertones, emotional tension, emotional hurt, emotional baggage, mild fluff, moderate angst, darkness, feels - lots of feels, some swearing, fantastic racism, Sindarin/Elvish (translations provided), canon-compliant (but with non-canon relationships) E ra: 3rd Age, with flashbacks to 2nd Age Overall r ating: T+ (teen and up audiences) R elationships (ch.1) : Elrond/Thranduil - Elronduil (implied) C haracters (ch.1): Elrond, Thranduil, Elladan, Elrohir, Legolas Su mmary (ch.1): Elrond receives a letter from Thranduil, which informs him of an ominous darkness invading Greenwood and warns of Orcish troops headed to Rivendell. Elrond responds by sending his twin sons as well as a generous amount of troops to Greenwood for aid. CHAPTER 1 – danna lhaiss (falling leaves) Lord Elrond of Imladris sat in his study, scanning a thick leatherbound volume with a frown on his face, when the letter arrived. He glanced up in surprise at the knock on the door, as he hadn't expected to receive any visitors or correspondence that late in the day. " Hír vuin , a letter for you," the messenger informed him, as soon as Elrond had admitted him in. Seeing his Lordship looking at him questioningly he hastily added: "It's from King Thranduil of Eryn Galen ." Furrowing his brows in thought, Elrond put the book he had been reading aside and took the letter in his long slim fingers, silently wondering. He opened the letter with a delicate silver paper knife and unfolded it, after dismissing the servant with a nod and a wave of his hand. Indeed, the letter was written in King Thranduil's slanted, intricate handwriting. It read: Dear Lord Elrond of Imladris, I reckon this correspondence might surprise you, but I seek to inform you of recent movements of enemy forces. Indeed, I am well aware that we do not entertain an alliance of any sort, thus you may regard this letter as merely a complaisant advice, a token of my benevolence. My men recently seized an Orcish patrol close to our borders. Interrogation of captured subjects have revealed that a vast amount of Orcish troops has received order to invade your lands. Whilst their ultimate motive for this futile campaign has eluded me, the enemies' current whereabouts my soldiers have successfully pried from them are known to be the caverns beneath Misty Mountains. Although I hate to be the bearer of even graver news, it seems as if your supposedly wise friends might not know or admit that the Orcs are in fact not the only threat to elven refuges. Even as we speak, darkness descends upon the lush green forests of my realm, threatening to claim my lands. Unlike nightfall's soothing dark I sense this sinister darkness reeks of malice and evil tidings. Vile creatures far worse than Orcs have been spotted in-midst the heartlands of Greenwood, poisoning its growth and prosperity. Be warned, mellon, for I fear the worst is yet to come. As of now, the impending darkness appears to pose a threat to my kingdom alone. However, in near future I deem it possible that it will pursue you and your kin as well, thus you might perhaps agree on it being unwise to further ignore this issue. With sincerest regards, King Thranduil of Eryn Galen With a troubled look Elrond put down the flower-scented scroll of paper, slightly shaking his head in disbelief. Not only had he not expected to hear from his old friend – indeed, they had been friends ages ago – ever again, he certainly had not presumed their first correspondence after centuries to be this... alarming. Knowing Thranduil and his infamous pride, these written words were more than just dry pieces of information, obvious warnings to be aware of danger; they concealed a hidden plea for help. Otherwise the Woodland King wouldn't have made any effort to compose the letter himself, but would have entrusted one of his advisors with this idle task. He probably wouldn't have sent the letter at all, if he wasn't expecting at least some personal gain or perhaps an aid of some sort. Deeply worried by this revelation Elrond stood, pacing his study, pondering what would be the most sensible way to react. " It seems as if your supposedly wise friends might not know or admit that the Orcs are in fact not the only threat to elven refuges." Thranduil's pointed remark against the White Council did not come as a surprise to the leader of Imladris . Quite the contrary, Elrond had expected the snide remarks against the Council's decision to be much worse. Up to now the Council members had been assuming that the hostile entity commonly called 'the Necromancer', residing at the Amon Lanc and casting dark spells, identified as a corrupted human, most likely one of the Nazgûl. However, at the latest meeting of the White Council Mithrandir had warned them about an ominous darkness rising in the east, which might be connected to the threat arising from Dol Guldur. He had told them of his suspicion that the ancient evil spirit of Sauron had returned, merely disguising himself as 'the Necromancer', and was responsible for the dark sorcery tainting Eryn Galen . However, their leader Curunír had assured the White Council that these events only accounted for a local phenomenon, asserting that he had looked into the matter and deemed it unnecessary to intervene. Indeed Elrond had had his doubts as well, but then he did have faith in Curunír 's wisdom and overall trusted the Council members' judgment. After all, they had always been reliable allies and had never given him any reason for distrust. Yet, after reading Thranduil's letter he could not help but wonder once more whether they had assessed the situation properly. " Be warne d, mellon, for I fear the worst is yet to come." The Thranduil he knew had never been one to care for prophecies, had never bothered listening to predictions of any sort. Thranduil had always focused on the present, and, as of late, had become too preoccupied with his past to care about vague premonitions and their possible threats. And yet, here he was, speaking of a lurking darkness and expressing forebodings of a dark and dismal future, which was so unlike him. Had he changed this much or had some recent event altered his opinions? Or was this merely a way of getting to him, of achieving a means to an end? In the end it did not matter, Elrond told himself sternly, for he would respond to the unvoiced request for support nonetheless, and in a way the proud Woodland King would not be able to refuse his help. "Elladan, Elrohir!" Elrond addressed his sons, whom he had called for the next morning. "Yes, adar ," the twins replied in unison. "I have an important task for you," Elrond told them sternly. "You will travel to the land of the Greenwood, King Thranduil's realm, and aid him and his people in fighting Orcs and other evil creatures invading his lands." "Finally a mission worthy of our talents", Elrohir replied enthusiastically, earning him a reproachful look of his father and an amused wink of his twin. Elrond let out a quiet sigh before continuing: "Your mission is indeed of utmost importance, which is why a large troop of soldiers will accompany you at your command." The surprised gazes of his sons were met by a grim look on their father's face. "Be wary and watchful, for unknown dangers might await you in Mirkwood's deep dark forest." Both nodded in earnest and Elladan, not failing to notice his father's worried expression, added in a sincere tone: "Do not fear for us, ada , we will be very cautious." "Stay as long as you are needed", Elrond instructed them. "Do not allow yourselves to be sent away by any means. Also, be civil and behave yourselves", he reminded his mischievous sons. "We will make sure you are proud of us, adar ," Elrohir assured him, Elladan nodding in agreement. Watching his sons taking their leave Elrond had difficulties disguising the troubled look on his face. Had it been the right decision to send them on such a perilous journey? " E rain vuin , it seems that Lord Elrond of Imladris has sent quite a generous amount of troops to your realm." King Thranduil of Greenwood, adorned with the Autumn Crown of Leaves, sat on his throne, long legs elegantly crossed, furrowing his dark brows in response. "I do not recall requesting any kind of assistance." He spoke quietly, still his cold and harsh voice could be heard in every corner of the throne room, echoing off the hollow walls of the Woodland King's giant underground halls. "They have just arrived, your Highness, and are awaiting your orders," the guard replied, visibly shaking, as the king noted satisfied. "Send them away, we are not in need of their help," the king replied haughtily, with the slightest hint of annoyance in his voice. He waved his hand, a simple gesture, yet unmistakably signalling that the conversation was over. The soldier gaped at him, completely baffled, for had he not heard the king's words himself, he would not have believed them. As far as he was concerned, his homelands had never been in greater danger. The darkness looming over the realm and its people had already claimed the southern as well as most of the northeastern parts of the land. Trying to reclaim it they had already lost plenty of good soldiers to the creatures of Taur-nu-Fuin , as the Silvan people had begun to call those dark and dreary parts of the Woodland realm. "Ah, but your Highness...", he stuttered, terribly afraid to object to the king's orders, for the Woodland King was quite infamous for punishing even the slightest disobedience. "The two leaders of the Imladris troops still await your reception." The king's icy glare made him fear the worst, so the partially sarcastic reply came as an utter surprise to him: "Lead them in. We do not want to give the famed Lord of the Last Homely House the impression that we do not know to execute his dear unwritten rules of hospitality." With the guard gone to fetch the visitors the king allowed himself to smirk triumphantly. It all played out exactly as planned. His forces would be strengthened by the Imladris troops without his reputation being harmed and no one would ever dare to question his reign. Languidly he watched a shapely figure being led into the throne room, a second one following in its wake. As the first of the two emerged out of the shadows he blinked in surprise. Could that be-? No, this was impossible, Thranduil immediately reproached himself, the Lord of Imladris certainly would not have come himself. Nevertheless, the tall and lean figure swiftly approaching his throne had instantly reminded the king of his former melethron . However, upon second glance Thranduil could clearly spot the differences. First he noticed the different eye color of the stranger, a sparkling light gray as opposed to Elrond's solemn mithril ones. As Elladan stepped forth beside his brother Elrohir, Thranduil's gaze fell upon mahogany hair, slightly curly and a few shades lighter than that of their father. He observed a joyful sparkle in the first young elf's vivacious twilight eyes, and a look of silent admiration in that of his twin as their gazes swept the room.