Disclaimer: all the ideas and characters and pieces of magical theory that you don't recognise are most likely mine. If you need to borrow any of this, please ask first. The canon-verse belongs to Rowling. Parings: HPTMR, HPOMC, SBSS, RLFG, RWHG, and many others, some important, others – not so much. Summary: When James kicks Harry (16) out, a school in a different dimension lures him in with the promise of knowledge. Weird magical abilities resurface, Minister Riddle schemes, Grindelwald spectacularly vanishes, and oh, did you know how tricky creature politics are? Political, intelligent, dark(ish) Harry. Warnings: SLASH, AU, OOC, OCs, later will be filled with blood and torture and death (not so graphic though, I don't really like puke-worthy stuff), mentions and attempts of non-con (again - no graphic things), sex (but this will be mostly cut out of this site and moved to different ones, where MA is actually allowed). VERY long fic. To Clear Things Up: Tom Riddle is a Minister of Magic. No, he hasn't been a Dark Lord officially, but who knows what's boiling under the surface? Lily dies giving birth to Harry, for which James blames the boy. After Lily's death, James's parents force him into a marriage of convenience with the Browns to boost up family fortune, and a year later it bears fruit – a baby girl Lavender, who thus becomes Harry's half-sister. Harry's stepmother dies a little while before the story starts. Regulus is alive, lives along with Sirius and Sirius's boyfriend Snape, who doesn't get along with Harry. Design Your Universe By Forgotten Juliett Chapter 1. Something is Still Missing It all started with a lost key. At first, Harry didn't pay any attention. His stepsister had run off with the crush of her life. His father was letting out some steam on an Auror mission and would probably return only to rave or drown his sorrows about the loss of his second wife in whatever alcoholic liquid he could find. His friends, Hermione and Terry Boot, were suddenly needed elsewhere, and Luna behaved as far-off as a star on the nightly shore. And Harry himself had to receive an Order of Circe, First Class from the Minister himself in a month's time. All in all, life was busy. "Hmm... Here it says to stir clockwise until the potion acquires a bluish tint," Harry read aloud, a huge, old, leather-bound potions volume in one hand and a stirring stick in the other. He frowned. Something didn't add up. He turned the page. Caught a short, inconspicuous paragraph at the end of it. Read it. "But how can it be, when too many clockwise stirs lean the damn thing towards the pinkish side of the spectrum?" Ah, out-dated Potions tomes. Ever the conundrum. He couldn't begin to comprehend how people had fared with even less knowledge than Harry could access now. Harry swept his private laboratory with a cursory glance. It landed on the wide storeroom filled with numerous vials, bottles and small pouches, all filled with healing herbs, extracts of venomous plants, pickled animal bits, and powders so mysterious to his father or Lavender but ordinary for Harry. Distractedly whipping out his wand to direct it at the cauldron and charm the stirring stick to continue stirring, Harry walked over to the storeroom and rummaged through the top shelf. Should be somewhere in this direction... This? Oh no, these are harpy's feathers... Cat's eyes... Acromantula silk... Weird. I thought I'd run out of this stuff- Here! Like a victorious war general, Harry drew his hand out of the storeroom and raised it to the dim candlelight, inspecting the findings. "Not first class, of course, but it will do," he decided loudly. Talking to himself helped him. It might be an annoying habit to some, but to Harry, who had been mostly ignored in his life, hearing his own voice was a blade-sharp reminder that he was still alive, still there, still a normal human, living, breathing, walking, talking. He clutched the phoenix feather tighter. Harry wished... He wished to make his father proud. He wished his father to sincerely hug him and praise him, not with those drawn-out, tired half-smiles and crooked grins, but ones filled with warmth and affection and love. The sort of tenderness James generously gifted Harry's half-sister, Lavender, with, the fruit of their shared father's second marriage with Acacia Brown. Some wishes are meant to remain wishes , Harry told himself sternly even as he set the phoenix feather on the miniature table and diced a mandrake root. Precise movements. Level cuts. Perfect. This man will never know pride in his own son even if that comes to bite him in his bony arse. That's James Potter for you. Always the stubborn ass. The cauldron bubbled and Harry rushed to it just in time to soothe the seething liquid with the smooth dices of the mandrake root, the last one in his stock. Need to buy some more , a thought coursed through Harry's mind as he watched the potion in process devour the plant, quickly drowning it in its depths and depleting, and the root vanished in mere moments of Harry's silence. He fingered the locket lying placidly on his collarbones, barely hidden by the black fabric of the collar of his black shirt. When Lily Potter, Harry's mother and one true love of his father, had died, sweaty and panting and exhausted after giving birth to him, her only parting words had been to gift him with that locket, that it was a matter of utter importance and he must never part with it, because only that small crystal butterfly with the words Crystal Spire engraved on one of its exquisite wings in a silver delicate scribble could protect him. Protect from what? Harry wanted to ask now, after the years had vanished into dust and all questions bumped right into the insurmountable barrier of the afterlife. Alas, Lily Potter was long dead and all Harry could do was heed her words and wear the chain and the locket daily, no matter how girly it used to make him feel in the beginning, ages ago. As lost in brooding as Harry was, when he raised his hand, the phoenix feather clutched tight in it and about to touch upon the surface of the potion, his fingers faltered and the bright red feather slipped out and fell, down, down, down, and all Harry could do was stare in paralyzed fear as the ingredient dropped, and the gooey mass engulfed it as it had the mandrake root minutes ago. " Protego !" Harry cried out, bright green eyes wide with horror and urgency. The wand swoosh ed in his hands to protect him from the impending doom of a potion mistake. An explosion and a rash of mist – and Harry fell to the ground. His eyes closed. At least, his shielding-charms knowledge ensured he would wake up. { Design Your Universe } When he woke up, it wasn't pretty. Harry cracked his eyes open, and white ceiling loomed into view, taunting him with its highness when Harry found out he had problems pushing himself off the floor. And speaking about floors... Defeated, Harry propped his weight onto his elbows and surveyed his home potions lab. A sticky substance of bright purple stuck to all the objects of furniture it could reach, from a spindly chair Harry used to sit on while stirring an experiment of his, to the lower half of the ingredients cabinet. The floorboards were covered with the disgusting slime as well as with the splinters of the table that had collapsed when the potion had consumed its legs. And that's not even starting on some glass shards from the vials with animal bits and small bottles of venoms and bloods, and the ingredients themselves: a wide range of intermingling flowers, powdered horns, feathers, and liquids, which had been precariously resting on the table. Harry could understand Snape for once. Nothing could deal more damage than a fucked-up potion, especially when you mixed mandrake roots and phoenix feathers and slimeball's slime – the aggressive goo ate up even enchanted metal and only the safety spells Harry had cast on the floor, the walls and the doors of the cabinet prevented it from doing away with those, too, and burning to the lower floors, spreading right into James's room. Now, how do I fix it? When Harry moved upwards, determined to get on his feet, a strand of long black hair fell into his eye. Irritably, he blew it away from his face. Usually he tied the ebony black, long locks with a hair tie, but it had snapped, probably sometime during his fall or when he had lain unconscious. His eyes swept the disaster with another long look. Charming. Just wait for James to see this. Tonight, I fear, will be full of spittle and splutter. He's going to be incensed- "Harry?" a voice shouted and a veneer of ice coated Harry's insides. Terror, shock, trepidation – the emotions burst and bubbled just under the surface of his outwardly calm countenance. He isn't supposed to be here! Just my luck. If this slime bucket Snape now comes too, I'll eat a galleon and choke to death. "I heard an explosion. Are you all righ-" It trailed off. Harry pivoted on his heels and, like he would a particularly curious potions ingredient, observed his father. "Yes, father," he murmured dutifully as he eyed the thinking process reflecting in the man's eyes while James was taking in the depressing wretch Harry had made out of his potions lab. "I'm all right. Thanks for asking, even though you look like you have fallen in love with this wrecked table – and no, a Reparo won't make it – and don't seem to care much for my injuries." James's face went red in blotches, the blush not spreading evenly like on someone else's face. Harry's comment tore the man's face away from the splinters and the shards and onto his son's grimace of apology. It was not accepted. James choked, but no noise escaped him. He pushed the sounds through his vocal cords, and yet the words refused to form, and he remained like this: standing in his ridiculous Auror outfit, hair nested on his head in a wild mess, and glasses askew from the running he must have done. The man needed to calm down. "Gobbledegook helps," Harry supplied quickly, helpfully. "If you know the numbers, that is. If you don't, this is a perfect opportunity to visit our home library – and yes, father, our house does have a library; has had it for years – and learn while I take care of-" "Harry Potter." The deadly whisper could mean nothing good, Harry was certain of it. The certainty drummed in his chest with a fast-paced melody of doom. He didn't hear his father's low voice often. Now, he didn't want to, either. "What. Has. Happened. Here," James forced out through clenched teeth, and Harry flinched, because the barely suppressed rage hurt him, grazed his forced calm and obliterated his wobbly self-esteem, and for a second he imagined himself as that lost little child, once more filled with longing for a meagre scrape of his father's attentions and affection, yet yielding under the disapproving sneer of his stepmother's and a smug smirk of his half-sister's. "It was a potion," Harry explained simply. The truth was his best assistant here. "A searching potion. I lost my vault key a few days back, which gave me the idea. Besides, I wanted to best Snape and invent something mind-boggling, something... unique. There are no searching potions invented yet." James's eyes turned cold. "Unique..." He tasted the word on his tongue, then spat, as if spewing out something distasteful, "It's your experiments again! How long are you planning to pursue those silly child's dreams instead of preparing for the