This is an entry for Sibuna826Twihard's competition, please, don't judge me too harshly because yes, this is basically my life story, but this isn't even a tenth of how complicated my life was, so don't be hating. Imperfections My name is Isabella Marie Swan. I'm a relatively dull person, I have dull brown eyes. Dull brown hair. Dull pale skin. My personality is dull. My life is not dull. The earliest memory I have is of my mother and father arguing. I was maybe two or three years old and I can remember sitting there cowering in the corner with Roxy my pet dog. Charlie and Renee were both violent to each other, I guess you could say they were like a hurricane and a volcano, one of the most lethal combinations you could think of. The memory I have is that they were yelling, Renee's phone was thrown at the wall and then Charlie launched a cup of coffee at the wall, the shards of the porcelain cup shattering all over the blue kitchen walls and some of the coffee splashed on my skin, but I ignored the pain intent on trying to hide from the noise of my parents arguing. Charlie grabbed my mothers hair and threw her head against the wall while she cried out and screamed, punching and kicking him to try and get him off her. He was clearly drunk again. The next thing I remember was my mother crying in bed, I went up to see her to make sure she was okay, to make sure she wasn't hurt. She smelt of tears. She always had smelt of tears. The soft salty smell mixed with a stinking musky smell from not been able to get a bath. If she got a bath my father was so paranoid from the drinking that he would beat her, if she got a bath or tried to dress up he accused her of cheating on him, though it was him who really cheated on her. Both of them would get high on drugs, I remember the random people who came around to the house to buy their 'green backy.' They house always smelt of their green backy. Green back and tears. Always tears. When my little sister was born, Renesmee everything changed, rather than been terrified of my parents I realised I now needed to protect the tiny girl. I was only three and a half when she was born, but I can remember going to nursery and crying because she had been born, I didn't want somebody to be brought into the life I had lived. I didn't want anybody to see the things I had seen from such a young age. The second memory I have so clearly in my mind is another time when my parents were arguing, Nessie was only one year old, she was laid in her buggy in the living room and my parents were fighting upstairs, I don't remember what about, but there was a lot of banging, yelling and throwing things about. I dragged the buggy into the kitchen and stood there rocking the buggy, singing Rock-a-bye-baby… Her little eyes drifted so peacefully and when she was asleep, though I now don't understand how she could sleep with the violent racket going on upstairs, I went back to hide under the kitchen cupboard with my dog again, Roxy was like a sister to me. She was my guardian angel, my protector. I remember tucking my head into her shoulder and refusing to sob, holding in the emotion. Another memory, though this time a good one, I was maybe six years old, one of the only honestly good memories I can remember from my past. "Bella! Bella wake up!" Charlie shook me awake and I groaned a little because I knew it was late and then I gasped. "Has Santa been yet?!" It was Christmas morning, or I knew the previous day had been Christmas eve. "No, but look outside." I opened my curtain and stared out of the window, "It's too early for Santa to come yet, but we wanted you to come and make a snowman with us!" Charlie grinned, I cheered a little and then ran down the stairs with my father, Nessie was already down on the sofa with Renee. "Bella!" Nessie grinned at me, and I smiled at my little sister. I loved her so much, more than my own life. "Come on then! We need to go outside and play in the snow!" My mom cried with glee as she opened the door and Charlie helped me and Nessie pull on our shoes and our winter coats. They began to build a snowman and me and Nessie watched with wide eyes as 'Jack Frost' began to take shape. The rest of my childhood was much of the same stuff, arguing, fighting, drinking, drugs, watching my parents batter the hell out of each other with one or two fuzzy moments in between. We moved in and out of hostels for the next few years, and then I officially started in primary school. I still remember that school to this day. One girl in particular bullied me, a girl called Jessica Stanley. I had only one friend I can truthfully name and her name was Angela Webber. She was the only girl I really ever spoke to, the only person I ever really spoke to, to be honest, but Jessica was evil to me. She made my life a living hell, she would punch me, kick me and spit in my face and call me names, all the while I thought I deserved this because I had seen my parents do this to eachother. In my mind, this is how people treated each other. This was completely normal. Time passed and one teacher also began to hurt me, she would slam my wrists onto the table when I slouched and one time I was talking to the teaching assistant, a woman who was really nice and we were having class time on the carpet. She yelled my name and stormed to the back of the room, grabbing my arm and she dragged me across the carpet on my bare knees. I had carpet burns for weeks after that. When the christmas play came up, I remember I wanted to audition to be an angel and this other girl called Paige also wanted to be a Christmas angel, the teacher looked at us both and said, "Bella, you're not pretty enough to be an angel." Those words burned me to my core, after hearing Charlie say those words to my mother, "You're an ugly bitch! Nobody would ever want you." I understood completely. I didn't deserve to be a christmas angel because I wasn't worthy of the position. I was a sheep instead. At the same primary school, the same girl who had bullied me all of my life shoved me to the floor in the cloak rooms and stabbed me in the head with a pen knife, I remember that there was so much blood, but a part from that the whole thing was hazy, but I remember the pain of the knife hacking into my skin, it was like a thousand of the punches and a thousand of the kicks I had taken off her all together at once. After than I started to wish I was dead, even telling my parents it would be better if I just died. On a night I started to tie pretend noosed on a hook in my bedroom and try and make myself jump of the bed, but I couldn't do it for some reason, so the second best thing I could do was have time off school. I started to make myself throw up at school every day to be sent home, through home wasn't much better than school at least I could hide under the kitchen sides and cuddle Roxy or play with Nessie because she wasn't at full time school yet. Nessie was growing to be a rather carefree young child, she didn't see the fights with the same brutality I did, she never experienced them first hand because I always hid her from them, whether it was in the garden or hiding under the covers in her bedroom, I always made sure she was protected before I was, because she was the only thing that mattered. I moved schools in year four, but I never felt apart of the class. A boy called Danny bullied me in the same way Jessica had, he hit me, punched me, called me stupid and ugly and told me I was a freak and that I should have never come to his school because he was the boss of the school and nobody came there that he didn't know or like. I hated him, but I thought that what he was doing was normal. What stopped the bullying was when I was kicked by him in class under the table, I burst into tears and the teacher asked me what was wrong, "Danny kicked me! He keeps doing it and I'm sick of it!" I cried to the teacher, but she didn't believe me. After than I was about to give up, but the next day the teacher came to me and told me that the teaching assistant had seen this happen to me more than once and had seen the bullying taking place. The boy was punished and after that my school life in primary got better. I made a few friends, only two, but to me that was a lot of friends as I never got close to people. Their names were Nadine and Hayley, Nadine was from a high class family and was a little posh, but she accepted me, and Hayley was from a middle class family and she had horses which was one of my favourite animals, so we bonded over that. In year six I drifted a part from my friends and everything got lonely again. My mother and fathers arguing got worse and I didn't know how to cope with it other than to lavish my time in art. I drew some horrible things, I drew the beatings, I drew blooded knives and rain storms and dead people with their heads hacked off and the teacher saw me as a disturbed child. Miss Cavell got closer to me, I had always liked her, but she would keep me back after school to talk to me and she would let me go outside of the classroom to work because she knew I didn't like working with people. She became my confident, my most trusted friend and she was one of the only people I cried in front of. Eventually the teacher had to leave to get a new job, and in a way I knew she would because everybody in my life had let me down or left, so why not her? She gave me her work address and promised me she would write, but I had the address taken off me by my mother who was jealous of the close relationship I had with the teacher. I moved to high school and I was still a highly disturbed child, haunted by the memories of my drunken father and my deranged mother fighting, beating each other and in a cold war all of the time. I didn't know how to cope with the emotions running through me, because somehow I felt like all of it was my fault, if I had never been born, they would never have been together. It was my fault all this was happening. When Nessie was eight she made friends with a boy named Ashley, he was a lot older than her but mentally around the same age, he abused her and touched her. When she told me I felt sick with rage, I didn't know what to