I'd like to say a big thank you to Sibuna826Twihard (Kate) for helping me with this, though help is a bit of a small word. She literally wrote about half of the full thing! Thanks again! You're a true friend! Living The Dream Isabella Cullen There were five generations of Cullen's all sat around watching the meteor shower, our super extended family included humans, werewolves, dhampirs, vampires, witches, witchbloods, orb children, werepires, lycanthropes, shapeshifters, shades and yet none of that mattered as we all sat around and acted like a family. The much advertised meteor show this summer was a spectacle to behold. The air was crisp and cool. There was not even a hint of a breeze on my skin as sat with my family in the darkness. The warm water caressing the cooler air created a drifting airy fog that hovered over the lake. I heard gasps as the sky began to move. Darkness enveloped the sky, as a slight curve of the moon shone in the night, making the perfect stage for a breath-taking prospect of twinkling stars. In the still of the night many galaxies glittered from the depths of the sky as I felt drawn into the memorable show above me. Broad irregular bands of light from the Milky Way stretched across the sky while the big and little dipper shone brightly. As foretold, the meteor show began with various sized meteors cascading into the earth's atmosphere about every fifteen to thirty seconds. Shots of light, trailed by orange and white mist, presaged the presence of the meteors. The panoramic view made it possible at once to take in the prospect of several meteors at a time whilst marvelling at each individual one. An event like this may happen only once in a lifetime, and I wanted to cherish the moment with my family in every possible way. These were going to be some of my fondest memories, memories I was going to keep for the rest of eternity. "Look over there!" I saw Izeya point to an enormous star that was entailed by a purple tail, whizzing across the sky faster than the speed of light itself. "It's so beautiful!" Chloe yelled as she stared at the sky from the side of her cousin, Rennie. "It's like a million diamonds are been thrown into our sky…" Rennie said dreamily, sighing in delight. "It's just stars. Not diamonds." Siena rolled her eyes a little sarcastically which made me giggle. "It's amazing!" Nefertiti giggled loudly and she reached out to the sky as if she could touch the shooting stars. "It's not actually a star you know. It's a meteorite." Liam said very scientifically, frowning at the others. "Nobody cares, Liam." Rennie said to her brother with a little pout which made me laugh. "Well when you fail at science…" Liam trailed off. "I don't want to be a scientist. I want to be an artist." Rennie stuck her tongue out and I saw everybody smiling as the children teased each other. "Settle down!" Tara laughed to her niece and nephew. "Sorry auntie Tara." Carliliam and Sarenee both looked down trying to look cute. "Embry, don't you think this is beautiful?" Nefertiti said to her imprint as she stared at the sky with wide eyes. "Yes, it's beautiful, Tee." He put his hand on her shoulder and I saw her smile. I could hear Benjamin let out a small little growl, but Maddie hushed him with nudge in the ribs. He reminds me of when Edward would do that around Jake and Ness. It won't be long before Embry and Tee get married. They have such a strong imprinting bond, they're bond to get married soon. I looked towards the rest of my family, who were all scattered around watching the sky. Rosalie and Emmett were over by their children with Alice and Jasper. It was so nice to see them with children as well. I know how long Rose has wanted a child in her life, and in the end she got two. Alice and Jasper, well they never complained, but I knew deep down inside they wanted children as well after all the years of helping the rest of us take care of Renesmee and the others. Mary and Leo were both curled up against one another. Mary was humming contently as Leo hugged her close to him. I could still picture her as the small infant Alice had found all those years ago, and now she was immortal and thriving in our family. "Hey, remember that time you and Maddie rescued me, and you told me that you loved me?" Mary reminisced, playing with Leo's fingers. "Yeah...Why?" Leo asked her with a smile touching his lips "Well...I think it's safe to say that this night is up there with that moment. Everything about this all is just so…" She trailed off trying to find the right word to describe her life. "Perfect?" Leo questioned, finishing her sentence as he looked down at her with love shining in his eyes. "Yeah." Mary chuckled, kissing Leo's jaw. "Absolutely perfect." They both laughed and I could see Charlotte and Seth both laughing as well. Charlotte is one of the children that came to our family and has done nothing but show pure strength. She had to be the kindest souls I ever met and even though Lisa died in the process, she graced the world with such an amazing child. "This is nice," Charlotte murmured to Seth. "It is, especially with you here," He added, kissing her hair. "Seth." She giggled. "That sounded like it came out of a Hallmark card or something." Seth chuckled as he then went to kiss Charlotte's neck. "Well you're the one who makes me like this." Charlotte rolled her eyes as she then placed a kiss on Seth's lips. I chuckled in amusement as I turned away from the two and looked at my very own husband. He looked so content. Thinking back I can't believe he thought he was such a soulless monster. No one who is soulless couldn't have created the life in front of me. "Could life be anymore perfect than it is right now?" I asked Edward as I snuggled into his chest. "No, I don't think it could." Edward put his nose into my hair and sighed happily. Over on the other side of Edward was my very own children. The same children who have brought life to me for all these years. I looked to see Renesmee as she laid in Jake's arms, looking very peaceful. Her bronze curls were all over the place. I've always loved her hair. A nice mix between Charlie's and Edward's, two of my favorite people. "Jake, do you think that we will always be this happy?" She asked him, looking up at him with pondering eyes. I looked at Jacob who have his wife a half smile. "I can't say we always will be Nessie, but whatever comes our way, we will do what it takes to be this happy, always." He said as he planted a kiss on her lip, which made me smile a lot more than it should have. "I love you Jake," Renesmee mumbled. "Me too Ness, me too." I still smiled seeing the two of them like this. Even though I never was happy with Jacob's imprinting, I'm glad they have one another. Jacob was so lonely and all I wanted was for him to have the perfect girl and the perfect life after I chose Edward. I guess he got that all when he met my daughter, and I couldn't be happier. I looked over to my right and I saw Tara and Eddie also watching the stars together, those two were so much like Edward and me sometimes, that it was like looking in a mirror. To think not to long ago those two where the young children. I can still sometimes see the small little girl that came to us all those years ago and the tiny baby I held in my arms. "This moment is perfect." I heard Tara murmur to Eddie, and he responded with a smile and a kiss on her hair. "It is," He agreed, rubbing the middle of her back as they watched their two little daughters. Madison and Benjamin were also sat close to one another, but they were sat upright rather than wrapped in each other's arms and I heard Madison say something to Benjamin, but I couldn't quite make out what she was saying. This obviously made me curious for many reasons. What are they up to? I asked Edward, but he shrugged and said, "They are both hiding their thoughts from me, so it must be something important, but not so important that they want to ruin this moment for us." Winona sat with Evan though those two swore they were strictly NOT dating, I thought they were, or if they weren't they definitely would any day now, because the way they were acting was just like Renesmee and Jacob before they had gotten together. Another thing I was sure of it that they were more than friends, they had definitely kissed, I knew that, but they swore that they were only friends still. Something about it reminded me of a romantic comedy bond to happen. I just wanted Winnie to find happiness with her other half just like the rest of us had. Maybe one day I'll have more grandchildren from her. At the rate everyone was going I could see the Cullen's having their own army practically. Maybe one day in the future all of our descendants will be sitting at the same meteor shower, watching the stars shine and shoot across the sky. To think, all those years ago when I moved to Forks I thought life was going to be dull and boring, but then I met Edward. From there everything turned out like it had, completely and utterly amazing and more than I could have ever hoped to have in my life. I got my soulmate, children and I got to live forever. There was nothing more I could have wished for. I heard someone clear their throat behind me and I snapped around to see my daughter and Benjamin. "Mom, me and Benjamin have something to tell you." Madison said to me as she stood up and walked over to me. "What is it?" I asked with a little frown, worried that whatever she was going to tell me was going to ruin this perfect moment. "I'm pregnant, Mom." She smiled and then her hand wandered down to cup her slightly rounded stomach. "You're pregnant?!" I exclaimed, jumping up from my spot next to Edward. I then began to laugh with happiness. "More grandchildren?!" Edward began to laugh as well, standing up to join Maddie and I. "Yes!" Maddie giggled a little at me nervously as if she didn't know what to say, I smiled understandingly. "This is your first child, Maddie. Or the first child that you will have yourself." I glanced at my granddaughter's Izzy and Tee, they were both fully grown now and no less my grandchildren than Rennie, Liam, Chloe or Siena but this was the first child Maddie would be having herself, the first child she would be pregnant with herself and I could see the worry in her eyes as she touched her stomach. Her pregnancy would be very short as well, maybe ten days to around two weeks if her child was a witchblood child so she didn't have long to get used to the idea of been a mother again. "Who's pregnant?" Renesmee asked, looking over to us quickly as she caught a few words of the conversation. This caught the attention of the others as they all looked at us with eager and anticipating eyes. "Say what now?" Eddie asked. "Did someone seriously say they were