Generations After: Super Nova Renesmee Carlie Cullen-Black + Jacob Black =Sarenee Esabelle "Rennie" Cullen-Black (DoB: 2 April 2014 Mature On: 2 April 2024) =Carlilliam Edwarlie "Liam" Cullen-Black (DoB: 2 April 2014 Mature On: 2 April 2024) =Jasmet Charlisle "Jet" Cullen-Black (DoB: 19 March 2021 Mature On: 19 March 2028) =Alirose Renabelle "Allie" Cullen-Black (DoB 16 June 2022) Edward Masen Cullen II + Taramina Cullen = Siena Renesmee Cullen (DoB: 14 December 2014 Mature On: 14 December 2018) = Chloe Renesmee Cullen (DoB: 14 December 2014 Mature On: 14 December 2021) = Edward Masen "Edd" Cullen III (DoB: 26 August 2022 Mature On: August 26 2026) Winona Cullen-Gray + Evan Gray = Sasha Edward Cullen-Gray (DoB: 31 July 2021 Mature On: 31 July 2028) Madison Cullen-Racluse + Benjamin Racluse a= Izeya Cullen-Racluse a= Nefertiti Cullen-Racluse a= Noah Racluse =Abigail Alexandra Cullen-Racluse (DoB: 15 May 2020 Mature On: 25 May 2024) Mary Cullen + Leonardo Cullen = Katelyn Rosalice "Kate" Cullen (DoB 21 July 2021 Mature On: 21 July 2025) = Emmett Jasper "EJ" Cullen (DoB: 22 October 2021 Mature On: 22 October 2025) Charlotte Cullen-Clearwater + Seth Clearwater =Harry Emmett Cullen-Clearwater (DoB: 9 November 2020) =Rosalisa Sue "Lisa" Cullen-Clearwater (DoB: 15 September 2022 Mature On: 15 November 2029) Zachariah + Freeyah Racluse =Kara Racluse (DoB: 6 April 2022 Mature On: 6 April 2026) Lilith Chandra + Judeya Racluse =Pandora Racluse (DoB: 5 October 2021 Mature On: 5 October 2028) =Adriana Racluse (DoB: 11 March 2022 Mature On: 11 Mature 2026) Chapter One The Awakening " All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped. Youth, like pristine glass, absorbs the prints of its handlers. Some parents smudge, others crack, a few shatter childhoods completely into jagged little pieces, beyond repair." - Mitch Alborn 5th June 2024 Carlilliam Edwarlie Cullen-Black I am Carlilliam Edwardlie Cullen-Black, the Fire Orb Child son of Renesmee Carlie Cullen and Jacob William Black. I go by the name of Liam, because my name is a handful thanks to my wonderful mother (No, really. I do love her!) I have a sister called Sarenee Esabelle Cullen-Black, she is much more than my sister though. She is my twin, my other half and my best friend. I couldn't imagine life without her, she is the complete opposite to me, while I love the indoors, computer games, star wars and books, she is into dirt biking, cliff jumping, the outdoors… she is a complete tomboy and she spends a lot of time with the wolves. If we weren't orb children, I could see her being a female wolf like Leah, but that had only happened once so what were the chances of it happening again? And to an Orb Child where is was genetically impossible? The odds were not exactly in her favour. One good thing about being a orb child was that we had a maximum of ten years of childhood and they we would stop growing at the physical age of a late teenager or a young adult and then we would be immortal. It was a pretty cool life, and if you counter in the fact that most of my family is immortal, it made life amazing. My cousins were all of different species, my aunts and uncles (my mother's cousins and siblings) were all also immortal. This made for a very strange and extended family. All in all there were 19 of is in what we classed as the third generation, including the Racluse's children because my aunt Madison and uncle Benjamin made them related to us. Besides Rennie (Sarenee) I also had my younger brother, a dhampire called Jet (Jasmet) and my younger sister who was seemingly human named Allie (Alirose). Tonight all of my cousins were stopping over at my mom's house. Every month we would have a big sleepover at one of our aunts and uncles houses to make sure that we stayed close as a family, but nineteen people in one room was a lot. I honestly couldn't wait for the sleepover to start though, but first I had school. I was in my junior year now, and I could honestly say that I didn't belong in that year. Everything was so easy, everything we learned was so simple. I don't know if it was because I was smart or the fact that everybody else was.. well… not smart, or it could have been the fact that I was supernatural, but the classes I too just seemed to be painfully slow, boring and there seemed to be no point in them for me. My mom said that I was just like Grandpa Edward, I was too smart for my own good. I finally arrived at my aunt Tara's and Uncle Eddie's house. Chloe was sat outside on the porch swing reading a book, I read the title; The Hobbit. She had probably borrowed the Lord Of The Rings books from her brother. He was a complete and utter dork. "Hey, Clo! Where's Edd?!" I yelled to her from across their large, ornate garden as she continued to swing. She looked up a little dazed, glancing around until she met my gaze. "Oh, he's in his room on his Xbox Guardian." She muttered before brushing her hair out of her eyes and getting back to reading her books. "Thanks," I muttered, though I know it was a lost cause because she was so deep into the book she could probably not even hear me. i walked into the house oblivious to knock, we never knocked on each others houses because each of our cousin's homes was just a second home to us. "Liam!" My aunt Tara called as she walked out of the kitchen with a tray of food, "Nessie said you were coming over. Tell Edd to come down and get some food or he isn't allowed back on the xbox." Tara smiled at me and I had to smile back at my aunt. "He's going to kill you, you know? He hates having to come off his xbox." I laughed a little and watched as she placed the tray of food on the large dining room table and began to spread it out into each space. "Do you want any?" She asked me, and I nodded. If there was one thing I loved about Aunt Tara it was that she was a fantastic cook; maybe even rivaling that of my Great Grandma Esme! I walked turned around and walked up the stairs, the house was quite a bit smaller than ours, I knew my way around just as well as I knew the way around my own house though. "Edd!" I yelled out to my cousin as I walked into his room, as I stepped into his room, he was hunched over his xbox talking down the headset. He looked at me and then placed down his pad. "A F P." he said down the headset and then he pulled the headset down to his neck and grinned at me, "Hey, Liam!" He chuckled and saw him twitching, looking at his pad, clearly wanting to pick it up and play back on it. "What the hell doe mean?" I asked with a slight frown forming on my lips, I hated asking what something meant because I was usually the one who was asked questions like that. "A F P? It means away from pad." Edd grinned at me his brown eyes that were a replica of mine, sparkling with the glint of humor they held. "Well that's stupid. Why not just say 'Away From Pad?'" I felt my eyebrows furrow. I would never understand slang speech, especially on gaming devices! "I don't know. It's just a thing gamers use. Do you want a go?" Edd motioned to an extra pad and head set he had next to his own, which his sister, Chloe sometimes played with him. "I don't know. You know I get bored after a while of those games." I eyed the xbox and the game he was playing, 'Call Of Duty: Shadow Dust II.' I had to admit, I didn't mind call of duty so much, but some games I could barely even tolerate. "Aww, come on. Half an hour and then we'll go do something you wanna do." He stuck his bottom lip out and I rolled my eyes, sat down and grabbed the pad and pulled back on the head set. I decided I may as well have played on the live version of the game if Edd was. "Ready?" Edd asked me and then after I nodded he pulled his head set back up and began to talk into the headset, "B O P." He said and then he began to play the game again. I quickly entered the game, introduced myself and then began to run around and shoot people; pretty much the only aim of this game. Abigail Alexandra Cullen-Racluse "Just because you're half human doesn't mean that you couldn't beat another supernatural in a fair fight. You may be weaker than your opponent, but you have your intelligence and cunning." My father said to Nefertiti as she growled at herself, getting frustrated with the fact she couldn't seem to master the basic fighting skills that my dad and mom were trying to teach us. Izeya seemed to pick the skilled up the quickest, then Noah and me were probably a draw and then Mathias and Massiah were also a draw, but not as good as Izzy, me or Noah, but Nefertiti couldn't even pick up the very basics like punching, kicking and blocking. "I can't do it dad! I'm not a fighter okay? I'm not like Izzy or Noah or even Abby! I'm half human! Weak! Stupid!" Nefertiti growled enviously and then she sighed heavily, "I just wish I could be like you guys." "You don't need to be like us, Tee. You should be happy to just be yourself. do you remember when you got attacked in the Terettan war and I managed to fend off the vampire until dad came and saved us? I was physically eight. I shouldn't have been able to do that, but with my will power and my strength in here," Izzy touched Tee's heart, making her smile, "I managed to beat that vampire so that you could still be here today, but I'm not always going to be there. Neither is dad or mom, you need to learn to fight for yourself, to protect yourself because if not, we're supernaturals and we live in a dangerous world. If you don't learn to defend yourself you're never going to have any kind of freedom, and I'm sure you want freedom." "I want to be free more than anything, but do you know how discouraging it is to be physically weaker than every single one of your siblings? I'm not special in any way, I can't run fast, I'm no good at hunting, fighting, my power is relatively useless." Nefertiti sighed, sitting down and placing her head in her hands in defeat. "Hey, don't say stuff like that. You're power is amazing." I encouraged and went to sit beside her, smiling slightly trying to cheer her up. "It's nothing compared to your powers though. Izzy has the ability to copy the opposite of anybody's power. Including her own. So really she can copy any power. Noah has the ability to block people's power or use their power. You have the ability to take away powers and copy them, and to turn invisible and teleport!" Tee sighed again in frustration, "What good is being a seductress? Am I going to seduce somebody into not killing me?" "Don't be silly, Nefertiti." Noah face palmed himself and then went over to sit next to his sister as well. Mathias and Massiah walked over to Nefertiti and both sighed at the same time, using their twin telepathy they both spoke together, "You'll get better." Now all of us were sat together,