[Full Summary] AU. Districts 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, and 9 are not inspired by Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark's defiance during the 74th Hunger Games. There is too little unrest, too few rebels for the Second Rebellion to be a threat to the Capitol. Yet. Then Quarter Quell is announced. If Katniss Everdeen was fire, Adrian Valencia was smoke. A/N: So. I'm doing this, I guess. Hunger Games fanfic inspired me, Miss M Cricket's 'Lady of the Lake' especially. I thought to myself, 'An OC in Hunger Games sounds fun. But I don't wanna pair my OC with Cato.' It's pretty much an AU centered around my OC. The canon characters, I PROMISE, appear; but they're not gonna be focused on until later. So. If you're averse to OC's, this ain't the fic for you. A note to everyone who's waiting for my other stuff: Sorry. It'll be a while. My muse is just all over the place. WARNINGS! It's the fucking Hunger Games, there's gonna be a bit of everything. AU, OOC, OC-centric, violence, language, blah blah blah. None of you even read these A/N's anyway so whatever. Also I don't own Hunger Games, just the OC's and the non-canon ideas. Like all fanfiction. … The projecting screen is in the square, bright and loud and demanding Panem's mandatory attention, and everyone stands still to watch it. Peeta Mellark has just proposed to Katniss Everdeen. They are the picture of blissfully ignorant Victors, of lovestruck teenagers, and it's made all the sweeter by the fact that both of them were the underdogs of the 74th. Who would've thought? District 12 now had three Victors: the drunk, the Girl on Fire, and the baker's boy who loved her. Everyone stands still to watch it. They don't notice the tiny figure darting in between them, curling around their unmoving figures quietly, nimble fingers reaching into pockets and purses (of the more well-off citizens of District 12, of course). The little shadow masks her movements with the shifting of others' figures, approaching calmly and confidently though her hands are sharp and quick. She's tiny, and if she weren't wearing nice, stolen clothing with a nice, stolen hood over her dark hair, the victims of her pickpocketing spree would be watching her more closely. With her olive skin, dark hair, and bruised arms and face, no one would be able to say Adrian Valencia is anything but Seam. One of the children of the community home — and she has been for many years — but Seam nonetheless. Funny, the little thief thinks, that even in the most impoverished of Districts, people still find things to discriminate others for. Adrian Valencia ducks into an alcove between two shops, hidden in the dark. There's plenty of stolen currency, more than she usually can get from one of these television gatherings; she can afford to shave off a few coins. Which she does, peeling off muddy boots and slipping a few coins into a tear between the cloth and the leather heel. She'll use the money to buy something to eat, or maybe medicine, when the Matron gets rough with her. The community house Matron gets rough with everyone. (There are bruises peppered all over her arms and legs and back, and there is a large one that takes up most of the left right of her face.) After the District 12 Victor spectacle is over, Adrian Valencia walks in the shadows all the way to a small, nearly hidden apothecary. It's on the verge of being Seam, dusty and dark and cramped, but the Everdeens — the woman and her younger daughter, the one who does not twirl on screen and giggle, pretending to be a carefree teenager that she is not — have moved to the Victor's Village, so Herriot's is all the little shadow-thief can afford. She is only seen once on her way, and that's because she spots loose change and darts forward to grab it. It is darker already, the sun is set and its light is making the sky a dreary-blue and darkening purple. A doorway splashes bright yellow light on her, and the respectable shop owner notices her at once, crouched with wide eyes before his doorsteps like a beggar or a scavenger. "HEY! OUT! GET OUT!" Something is thrown at her, and she dodges it with practiced ease. He stomps forward; she scowls, tempted to bare her teeth at him or to hiss angrily. If she had fur, she'd bristle, but Adrian Valencia is not a cat; she is a tiny scrap of a girl with bruises dotting her waxy skin and only a few coins to her name. (She is so thin that she can feel the buttons of her back, the grooves between her ribs.) Because Adrian is so thin, so unprepared, so weak , the man catches her wrist. His grip is like iron, grating on bone, and it's a combination of his strength and her malnourished frame that allows him to lift her off the ground by just her right hand. He shakes her, spittle landing all along her face, and then he throws her. She rolls once, twice, then scrambles up. (If she lies down for too long, she doesn't think she'll be able to get up again.) "Damn Seam brats! Fucking thieves, all of you! Don't let me catch you here again, brat!" Adrian Valencia snarls at him, and the door is slammed shut. She is left in the dark, a new set of bruises to her collection and a coin in her brittle fingers. Her heart burns with fury and humiliation. Don't let me catch you here again, brat. Don't come near me, monster. Get away, trash. Go back to the Seam. Go starve in an alley. Stop looking at us with your filthy eyes. Leave. Die. No; she shakes her head. The vaguest memory stirs. It's soft and reverent and gentle, blurred. It smells like hope, a scent she knows so well and loves and hates at the same time. (If this memory weren't here, she knows she would be dead.) It's a prayer in her head, the energy that fuels her nimble, thieving fingers and wobbling, determined steps. She decides to go on to Herriot's. The sooner she can alleviate her bruises and sprains, the sooner she can return to the community house to give her meager coins to the Matron in exchange for more bedding. (It is supposed to be freely given, but so are a lot of things that are supposed to be in this world, and yet are not; Adrian learned this a long time ago.) More bedding means she won't freeze tonight, because the other children decided that there were too many in their room and moved all her things to the outhouse, which is fine with her; it means they will forget her more easily, and she won't have to bite ears and fingers off anymore. Adrian Valencia is very, very tired of having to claw and scratch and bite in order to protect her precious things. Athea Herriot is a stout woman with flyaway grey hair tucked into a sooty, black cap; one of her eyes is burned shut, the other large and milky. She was probably once a beautiful woman, but the mines exploded years ago and Athea Herriot was caught in the fires. Her home is cramped with scavenged hoards of things, the ceiling strung up with herbs and dried plants that are no doubt from the Hob. She's good friends with that other old one, the one they call Greasy Sae. "Back again, brat?" asks the hunched woman, her door spilling very weak light onto the little thief's figure. Adrian Valencia nods, and holds out her handful of coins. Herriot looks them over carefully, then ushers her inside and slams the door. It smells like dust and something on the verge of rot inside the makeshift apothecary; Adrian knows not to wrinkle her nose, though. She has long trained herself to keep her emotions inside, and to keep her face blank. (That is how a community house child of the Seam survives, if they are not big and strong and pretty.) "Matron catch you pickpocketing again, little thief?" Athea Herriot is bumbling around, knocking containers over with too-wide, too-careless movements. Adrian watches her every twitch, her every stride. Even knowing that the woman is a healer doesn't calm her down. (They are all enemies, these people of District 12.) When she finally finds whatever she's looking for, she sits in front of Adrian Valencia and reaches forward. The little thief flinches, and Herriot has the courtesy to at least wait as she strips down to her thin shirt and patched trousers. Even Herriot flinches at the sight of her bony limbs, her bruised skin. "Panem's pants, girl! You're a corpse." Adrian looks at the healer coolly. "We are all corpses here." Herriot twitches. "You speak awfully well for a little Seam bratling." "And you're awfully talkative for someone who's a known hermit." The healer clicks her tongue. "Cheeky little shit, aren't you? Well, gimme your arms. This will hurt." It does. The paste is not Capitol-crafted, it's a home remedy, and though it will make the bruises and cuts heal faster — tomorrow, they should be at least sealed enough for Adrian to go mucking through without risk of infection — the ointment burns. She is used to the pain and the sting, and doesn't change expression. Herriot lathers on the grainy, bright green onto her arms entirely, and binds them with dirty bandages; Adrian will smell strange for a while, but she will be sleeping next to the community house's mass waste house, so she really doesn't think anyone will notice or care. (Adrian notices, however, in her intent observations, that Herriot grumbles and groans, but takes her arm with surprising gentleness, brittle fingers like cotton kisses on her waxy skin.) When she's finished, Adrian stands to leave. "Stop pissing off the Matron. I don't want to see you here again, bratling." She is in the doorway, about to dive into the night. It is strange; Adrian could swear that there is a note of fondness or worry in Herriot's voice. Herriot, who is old and worn and dirty, who is bitter and spiteful and lonely. Like so many of those in District 12, in the overwhelmingly huge Seam. "I pay you." Adrian says, instead of musing further. (No one has worried for her before. Herriot, no doubt, is worried about wasting her time. Adrian won't be tricked by softened eyes and gentle touches, not anymore. There are so few memories of those precious moments that she knows to trust. One tastes of hope, and she loves it so much that she isn't sure she even understands her own mind anymore.) "Yeah, well, you're an annoying, cheeky, little waste of space." The little thief nods. "I know." She has been told this many times. Waste of space. Brat. No-good thief. Monster. No better than an animal. Get out of here. Damn community brat. Go away. You're nothing. You'll always be nothing. You're a little beast. You should go die. Go die. Adrian deems to smile, and the expression on Herriot's face makes her think it is not quite as welcoming as most smiles. Perhaps it's the way she only lets her mouth slant a little, and her eyes are still as cold as District 12 nights. "I know." She repeats. There is nothing for her in this place. She will go back to the community house, where her books are waiting in their hidden little alcove, and she will lose herself in them until she falls asleep, stinking of burning bruise-paste and excrement. She will wake and fight for her right to eat (with teeth and nails and snarls), be beaten by the Matron (for being filthy, for being stupid, for being there ), go to school