Title: Middle Earth Hustle Author: Minka Rating: M Disclaimer: I own nothing, blah blah Warning: Modern cop AU, random crack, swearing, a somewhat serious parody if that is even possible, high level realistic violence, unresolved (and most often awkward) Aragorn/Legolas sexual tension, Legolas is a BAMF. Summary: For centuries the MEPA has watched over the people of Middle Earth, none so diligently as sharpshooting Detective Greenleaf. Unparalleled in skill, his dedication to his cause, however, is put to the test upon meeting his new partner; a dense, mangy shagpile of cheap cologne and e-cigarettes. With the prospect of his shining career being over in a puff of Athelas flavoured smoke, the young elven investigator sets out to once and for all prove that he works better alone. But with the discovery of a deadly new drug on the streets and a bloodthirsty gang closing in, even Legolas has to question if he's bitten off more than he can chew. Author's Notes: Someone, somewhere in the midst of tumblr madness, posted a prompt up ages ago about Legolas and Gimli being unlikely cop partners in a modern AU world were all the Middle Earth races still existed. Unfortunately my mind automatically crossed out Gimli and substituted him with any number of other people which is exactly what happened here. It was then that my old OTP came up to bite me in the ass. So while everything in this is of my own creation, I did draw inspiration from that original prompt. Thus, Random Tumblr User, wherever you may be, this one's for you! Sorry about the lack of Gimli. IMPORTANT: As you should already be aware, this is a modern AU. It is with that in mind that I've described all the settings. Middle Earth still stands as per map, but instead of a world try to look at it as a sprawling city. For instance (and a lot of this will make sense as you read) Mordor is still wasteland, the Shire is just that; the farming outskirts of the city. Rivendell has been reinvented into the city's large hospital. The rest of the places are like districts (think London or Tokyo). Mirkwood would almost be Notting Hill/Shibuya, Minas Tirith is the business district (Shinjuku) while Osgiliath on the other side of the river is kinda the seedy slums (Kabukicho). Moria is the industrial sector etc. Put your trust in me; it makes sense as you read. ;) While I don't think I mentioned it in text, the MEPA is in Lorien. Also, I am fully aware that Legolas' name translates into 'Green Leaf' however he's a cop and he needs a last name. So for the sake of this crazy idea, his name is officially Detective Legolas Greenleaf. It was that or 'Gumshoe' so I think we can all agree that Greenleaf sounds much better. =) Chapter One The Newbie In which Detective Greenleaf meets his undoing. "So, what's the plan?" Legolas blinked, his head tilting to the side as he took in the figure that had spoken to him in an upbeat, questioning tone. Oh no. Said figure waved slightly, as if to get his attention, and Legolas shook his head slowly. Just no. There was no way this side of Mordor that he was going to suffer through this… this disgrace! Turning on his heels, the blonde stalked straight back through the door he'd just come through, much to the seated occupant of the room's horror. The plastic shutters cluttered against the badly frosted glass as the door slammed shut behind him; all things that the seated elf tried his best to ignore. A moment of silence passed. Well, not full silence. The blinds that hid the interior of the small office still rattled in the wake of Legolas' desolation and every few seconds or so the seated man leafed through another page of recycled office paper. However, like all things, even this tranquil standoff had cause to come to an end and when it did, it was just as loud and explosive as the seated elf had expected. "Surely you jest!" Legolas all but shrieked. His hands, balled into fists, came crashing down on the large oak desk. A pile of paperwork to the left shook, as if in fear, before finally succumbing to gravity and sliding downwards. Like a rockslide, the paper collected speed and bowled over objects, a wooden plaque being one of them. The half full coffee cup was saved from the same devastating assault by a quick, pale hand. "Surely you jest, sir ," the seated elf corrected. To better prove his point, the index finger of the hand not clenching his mostly cold coffee, pointed out gracefully to not-so-gracefully poke Legolas' clenched fists off his desk. He then straightened up his disrupted name plaque. 'Celeborn Galadhrim, Superintendent. Middle Earth Protection Agency.' Placing the mug down on the desk closer to his left, well out of the way of Legolas' explosive reactions, Celeborn noted that the younger elf did naught other than roll his eyes and nibble on his bottom lip in regards to Celeborn's check on his manners. Young ones these days, so disrespectful. "Have we not already been over this, Legolas?" Celeborn asked in that tone you could only master after centuries of talking people around in circles. It was the sort of question that encouraged most people to nod and agree out of fear that they would be proven intellectually void when pitched against a superior mind. Legolas, of course, was not most people and Celeborn cursed that fact as Legolas' head tilted to the side, his eyes locking with Celeborn's own. Much like how Celeborn had used 'that tone' on the younger elf, said younger elf used 'that look' on Celeborn. It was the one that intelligent people gave to other intelligent people; it said 'don't speak to me like I'm a fucking moron, you idiot!' and for better or worse, Legolas had that look down pat. Sometimes Celeborn swore that life would be easier if Legolas was as blonde in the brain as he was of hair. "Legolas," Celeborn started slowly; diplomatically. He looked up from his paperwork and placed his hands down on the desk, palms upwards. Open and inviting; friendly and soothing body language used to pacify scared children and wild animals though right now Celeborn wasn't so sure which one Legolas really was. "In light of Tauriel," Celeborn worked to choose his words carefully, "you need a new partner." Legolas shook his head at that. "Tauriel will be fine. She just needs a little rest." Celeborn blinked. Then blinked again. Apparently they were going with scared child today and while part of Celeborn was glad that his desk wouldn't be subjected to any more outbursts of Legolas' rage, another part of him lamented. Scared child took so much more time to deal with than quick, furious, wild anger. "Legolas," Celeborn reasoned, "she was shot…" "Merely a flesh wound!" the blonde argued, throwing his words in the middle of Celeborn's calm explanation. "…they had to amputate her left arm!" "A minor setback," Legolas' face screwed up in irritation even as his mouth ran wild, speaking what he already knew to be utter horse shit. "…It could grow back…" Celeborn had to look away before his eyes expressed his want to burst out into laughter. He busied himself with the folder he'd previously been looking at and tried to remind himself to be gentle. Legolas had been very fond of Tauriel. Of all the detectives' previous partners, she was the one that had not only matched Legolas in skill and motivation, but also just lasted the longest. For better or worse, Legolas didn't have the best track record in keeping people around. "Legolas," Celeborn tisked, his head shaking from side to side as he leafed through a manila folder. "You're being completely irrational." "Unreasonable," Legolas corrected. "I'm being unreasonable. And rightly so. Even you know a one armed Tauriel would be better than that… that… that thing sitting in her chair." "That 'thing'," Celeborn corrected, "is a man. And one that comes highly recommended. His feats as a Bondsman of the North are unmatched." "Bounty hunter," Legolas scoffed the more derogatory term for freelance law enforcers. "Scourge of our existence." Not that Celeborn was about to make a point out of it but Legolas really did have a point there. Bondsmen, or Rangers as they preferred to be called, really did have a way of making the MEPA's job a lot more difficult at times. Still though, Celeborn could see the merit in having one of them on board even if it was simply to learn their tricks of the trade so the MEPA could better avoid dealings with them in the future. "Besides," Celeborn motioned to the file he was reading with his hand, as if Legolas could also see the words, "he is the foster son of Rivendell's Chief of Medicine." "Oh, right," Legolas exclaimed, his arms sprawling through the air in a sign of exasperation. "His father's rich and powerful so let's just hand him a job even though he's barely out of his diapers! I thought this was meant to be a fair, non-discriminatory workplace." "Now you're just being rude, detective," Celeborn rebutted, his brows furrowing together as a scowl crossed his ageless face. "Perhaps it's time to consider your own lineage, Thranduilion." At that Legolas rolled his eyes and huffed, his arms finally stilling as they came to cross over his chest. "He doesn't count." "He's the mayor!" Celeborn pointed out with no lack of disbelief at Legolas' nonchalant diminishing of his own position in Middle Earth. Legolas' father, better known as Thranduil and often referred to as 'Your Highness' or 'Your Majesty' and even 'Your Supreme Majestic Highness' was the be all to end all around these parts. Everyone loved him. In fact, not two years past when the MEPA had taken down a black market ring, Legolas had been most distraught to find pin-up posters of his father on the walls of some of the younger gang members. Orc gang members. Needless to say a sizeable part of his paycheque since had been going straight to Gandalf, the department's shrink where Legolas was invited to 'talk about his feelings'. For a hefty price, of course. But Thranduil. Tall, beautiful, regal and with just enough cutting sass to hide his lack of intelligence (though that was purely in Celeborn's opinion) Mayor Thranduil was as good as being a rock star. The people either adored him or loved to hate him; either way, both sentiments kept his ratings high and for reasons that Celeborn couldn't quite fathom, Thranduil was voted in mayor term after term after term. It made no sense. The only justifiable reasoning Celeborn could see was related to Thranduil's eyebrows and that was a low point of group astuteness if Celeborn ever saw one. "And a drunkard," Legolas spat, "and an arrogant diva," he continued, his eyes opening wider as they rolled heavenward, his arms once again moving to have his hands flaring out in front of him, as if better to prove his point. The way his head wobbled in the process had Legolas reaching a slender hand up to hook the braids of his platinum hair with his pinky finger in order to remove them from his eyes. He tossed his long hair behind his shoulders before once again huffing, his arms crossing over his chest and his right hip jutting out. For his part, Celeborn wisely closed his mouth before he could speak. As his chest rose he drew in a deep breath and as he exhaled the negative energy, he was once again reminded of the overwhelming amount of similarities that Legolas shared with his celebrity status father. He was also reminded that bringing up said similarities was not wise for his mental health. After all he still had an outstanding appointment with