"Gin you really don't have to, I'm quite capable…" Hermione said, irritated at her bossy friend. "For the last time you stubborn witch, sit down. I will not repeat myself again. Don't you make me pull out my wand Hermione Granger." Ginny fired back as she crossed her arms stubbornly and stood next to the vanity chair waiting for Hermione to comply. "I refuse to let you go out looking like you would on any average night. Tonight, you're not Hermione Granger the war hero. You're not Hermione the brains of the Golden Trio. You're not Hermione the bossy, know-it-all bookworm and you're definitely not the fiancé of a certain cheating red haired git who I have the misfortune of calling my brother. Tonight, you're Hermione the vixen and I'm going to see to it you turn more heads than you did at the Yule Ball with that sexy Victor Krum." At the mention of Victor Krum Ginny allowed herself a small smile. She knew she had got her way as Hermione huffed and stomped across the room to sit at the vanity chair in front of Ginny. "Fine, but nothing over the top. I don't want to go looking like a tart my first girl's night as a single witch just because Ron cheated on me with one." "Oh no lovely, I said vixen not tart there is a huge difference. A tart is just that. A vixen implies that she is both sexy and cunning." Ginny said with a devilish smirk on her face as she leaned to reach over Hermione's shoulder to get the tub of sleekeazy. At this, Hermione couldn't contain the little giggle and smile that bubbled up at her friends clever wit. Ginny won this round but if she was honest with herself, she more than kind of needed a bit of pampering. It had been a long few months and an even longer two years. After the war, she and Ron had dated for about a year before he proposed. She said yes, then he changed. She thought back about the night she had caught Ron cheating as Ginny worked on her hair. She had recently been promoted to head of Research and Development at her job with Malfoy Inc. She was over the moon. Draco had paid her a visit to congratulate her as well as Harry and Ginny. Even Fred, George and Charlie had taken the time to stop by to see her new office. The entire day went by and she didn't hear a thing from Ron. She was so disappointed and very hurt but she shouldn't have been. Her decision to take a job working at Malfoy Inc. had been the best decision she could have ever made. However, her pig-headed boyfriend didn't seem to think so. They argued about it incessantly. He couldn't get over his girlfriend working for the Malfoys despite the fact that they had turned a new leaf since the end of the war. The family had made considerable strides at making a new name for themselves in the wizarding world. Both in Europe and North America, Malfoy Inc. was synonymous with forward thinking in inventive healing potions and creating new defense spells. Even the MACUSA had a contract with Malfoy Inc. in the area of defense and protection spells for their Auror training program. The Malfoys may have had a dark past but Draco had worked incredibly hard to enter the twenty-first century completely reinvented. She was proud to have been a part of that. That's what they all fought for in the war after all, a better and safer wizarding world. So, the night of her promotion she had planned to meet Ron, Harry and Ginny at a new posh restaurant in Diagon Alley that was next to impossible to get a reservation at. Unless of course, you're the Boy-Who-Lived. So, when Harry said he had managed to secure a reservation she saw to it she bought a new dress and heels for the celebration. Ginny had insisted on helping her pick it out. It was a rather sexy little blue dress and Ron's favorite color on her. Her hair had been done up in a low chignon with a few select tendrils framing her face. She felt like she was on top of the world. She had so much to look forward to. *Flashback* " Hermione, you look positively radiant. You made it just in time. I just opened the first bottle of champagne," Harry said as he and Ginny both stood to greet her. She looked at Ron who sat with the menu in front of him trying to decide on what to order. When Harry nudged his leg not so subtly, Ron finally looked up. " Oi! What the bloody hell was that for?" Ron scowled at Harry. " Hermione just got here Ron." Ginny spat, annoyed at her brother's rude and ignorant manners. "Don't you want to say hi or maybe congratulations on her promotion even. That is why we're here after all." At this Ron looked up at Hermione and nodded his head in her direction. " Hi 'Mione. Congrats, but you already know I'm not happy with you working there, so I really don't see why we're celebrating." " Oh for Merlin's sake Ronald," Hermione seethed in a low whispered voice despite the muffliato charm used around the table. She didn't want to make a scene but she was so irritated and just wanted to have a nice evening out. "Can we please have one evening where we don't argue about my being employed there. It has been an incredible opportunity and so is this promotion. I can do so much good for the wizarding world that stretches far beyond just London. I do not want to hear another negative word about it from you tonight. Do you understand?" " Fine, but don't expect me to toast with you all. It's not happening." Ron said petulantly. " Speaking of a toast," Harry interjected before any further arguing could ensue. "Let me fill your glass Hermione." Harry poured the champagne as a small group passed by being seated at a table not far from them. Two girls from the group waved enthusiastically at Harry and Ron as they were taking their seats. Harry waved politely back, then turned around to finish pouring more champagne for Ginny. Ron however waved back just as enthusiastically and turned to nudge Harry. " Harry, look it's Eva and Charlotte from work." Ron said as he turned his attention back to the girls. Before Harry or Ginny could stop him, he was inviting them over. Harry and Ginny were chastising Ron as he enthusiastically greeted the witches. " Hello ladies, you're both looking quite beautiful tonight." Ron complimented as they approached their table. Harry just looked at Ginny and Hermione with an apologetic expression as he turned to the girls and politely said hello. " Thank you Ron, that's so sweet of you to say." One of the girls said with a bright smile. " You're always such a charmer Ron." The other girl said with flirtatious smile. At this Ron actually puffed his chest out ever so slightly and winked at them. " We were just about to head up to the bar and get a drink, would any of you like to join us?" The girls asked everyone at the table. Ron didn't hesitate. " Yeah, I need a firewhiskey anyway, champagne really isn't my thing." He said as he looked at Harry expecting him to join. "You coming Harry?" Ron asked as he stood up to follow the girls. " No thanks, I don't want to leave Ginny and Hermione alone. Besides we need to order our dinner Ron," Harry said attempting to convey to his friend what a horrible idea it would be to leave their fiancés to escort two other witches to the bar. " What are you on about? The girls are fine on their own. Right?" Ron replied carelessly with looks to Hermione and Ginny. "Well, Eva and Charlotte are waiting so I'm going to join them. I'll be back in a few." With that he left to follow the girls to the upper level of the restaurant. " Oh, I cannot believe Ron." Ginny seethed. Then looked at Hermione with concern. " Don't look at me like that Ginny. I do not need your pity or yours for that matter Harry. However, I guess now would be as good a time as ever to admit to you both that with the way Ron has been acting lately, I am planning on talking to him about calling off the engagement and taking sometime apart. I think it needs to happen and I just don't see us working. Especially after tonight. What a pathetic, disgraceful display." Hermione said as she attempted to calm her ire with what was left of her champagne. " Come on 'Mione, let's go to the witches room and freshen up a bit yeah? When we come back we'll toast your new promotion and celebrate you the rest of the evening despite Ronald." They walked up the second floor together where the loo was located and was about to walk in when they heard some quiet grunts around the corner. It was hard to see as the bar level lighting charms were significantly darker than the dining level below. They both looked at each other and giggled. " Well at least someone's getting something tonight." Hermione said as they both laughed and turned to enter the room. Before they pushed the door opened another grunt and moan came from the corner and Hermione froze. She slowly walked to the dark corner ignoring Ginny's questioning looks and interrupted the disheveled couple in the middle of what appeared to be a climactic orgasm. " Would you care to tell me how long this has been going on Ronald?" Hermione fumed as tears rimmed her whiskey-brown eyes. Ginny rushed up behind her to the scene of her brother pinning another witch to the wall as her legs were wrapped tightly around his waist with his pants around his ankles. Hermione didn't give him a chance to respond before she ripped off her engagement ring and threw it as hard as she could at his head. Just as she did, a flash of light went off to their right. But Hermione paid no attention as she stormed out of the place as fast as her feet could carry her. **End Flashback** That was almost six months ago, other than work she hadn't been out since. Nor had she heard from Ron. The news reporters had been relentless in their coverage of the dramatic breakup of two thirds of the Golden Trio. Tonight however, they were going somewhere Ginny and Harry had come across in Muggle London. No one will know who she is and she rather liked that idea. So here she was, getting pampered by her best friend who was taking her out, just the girls. She was very much looking forward to this. as she looked herself over in the mirror she had to admit, Ginny knew what she was doing. She didn't even recognize herself. "Wow, Hermione you look incredible and you don't even have your dress on yet. Which dress did you chose for tonight? Ginny asked her friend as she walked over to her closet to riffle through her dresses. Hermione gave her friend a sly smile as she strolled over to her closet to pull out her chosen dress. "Tonight is supposed to signify a new start for me Gin. So, I decided to go with something that was completely different." She said as she reached over her closet door to grab a dress box and a shoe box. She walked to her changing room with them and smirked over her shoulder at her friend who was smiling at her antics.