AN: Hi there, this is my first fanfic for this fandom and a Dramione at that. I have to be honest, this is not my favorite ship (that would be Harmione), yet I find it forbiddingly fascinating, as it makes you think in so many ways to twist the story. It has been many years since I read the books, but a lovely Dramione picture make me want to read some of the best works for this pair. Then I couldn't help myself but to ignore my many unfinished stories (sorry about that, dear followers) from the anime fandom and write my own twisted story. So I hope someone comes to like it. Oh, I think that you all should know about one more thing. My English grammar is not perfect, but the contrary, it's rather bad , as is not my main language (seriously is not a joke), yet this is an original work that will take you by surprise at least once. Some of the events will be taken from the books or the movies, the rest is all mine. I don't own Harry Potter or any of the characters. This is a fast paced Dramione (it turned out that way, as it's a short story), but I assure you is not based on physical attraction (just a bit here and there), but in an more touching emotional one. Also the relationship between Harry and Ron will remain the same, despite their bad beginning. The Unthinkable Chapter One: The Turning Point Inside The Tent Before Ron Leaves "It's alright for you two, with your parents safely out of the way..." Ron said and Hermione's heart almost sunk at that moment, as a sudden rush of anger and sadness begin to consume her as she stared at Ron in disbelief. She was going to yell something to the insensitive redheaded guy standing before her, but Harry replied to his outburst first. "My parents are dead! " Harry yelled angrier than ever. "And mine could be going the same way!" Ron yelled back. "Then, GO! " Harry roared. "Go back to them where is safer, where you don't have to go hungry, nor hide or been injured. Go back to where you don't have to move from place to place without the master plan you seem to expect from me!" Harry yelled with bitterness, Ron made a sudden movement and Harry reacted, but before they could end up using their wands, Hermione raised her own. "Protego!" She shouted and an invisible shield expanded between them, forcing them to step back. Harry and Ron glared at each other for what felt like an eternity and then, both of them thought that they had come to a turning point, a point in where their path would split into an unknown territory. "Leave the Horcrux," Harry said. Ron took of the cursed locket and cast it into a nearby chair and turned to face Hermione. "What will you do? Will you stay here?" Ron asked, looking at her with all the seriousness of the world. In a way he was forcing her to choose between himself and Harry and it would be a lie if he say that he didn't want her to go with him, to walk away from all that madness for good. She too should be as tired and doubtful as he was, for how bad things were going. "I... yes. I'm staying, Harry needs our help..." "I got it. You choose him." Ron said giving her his back to go out of the tent. "Wait, Ron! Ron, come back... Ron!" As Hermione undo the Protego spell she had cast between Ron and himself and hurried outside hoping to bring Ron back, Harry felt a corrosive hatred toward Ron. Maybe it was because of the influence of the locket or maybe it was just the way they had shouted at each other seconds ago, but deep inside him, he felt that something had shattered between them. To be honest with himself, Harry never thought the day would come when he would resent Ron's words or actions as much as in that moment. Yes, they had fought before, for rather stupid things at that, but so far he had never come to truly hate him that much. He had always thought that no matter what, they would eventually remain best friends for as long as they lived, yet he had been wrong. At that particular moment, while he was alone inside the tent after facing his most difficult crisis, Harry would have never thought that was the exact moment when everything will change for him and Hermione and that a minute or so later Draco Malfoy, their seven years long enemy, would alter their destinies forever. Malfoy Draco Malfoy watched as the tall redheaded guy, rushed out of the tent in to the cold rain. Even though he was watching them from a safe distance, he noticed that Weasley looked awful before he raised his wand to Disapparate from the forest, leaving his so called best friends behind. Just a second after Weasley disappeared, Granger got out of the tent as well, crying out his name while the rain hided the tears he knew she was shedding and for the fraction of a second, Malfoy felt a rush of genuine rage. Even if he didn't have the right to judge others, as he too had been a complete jerk in the past, he just couldn't shake away the anger that grew inside him. Ron Weasley was by all means the biggest moron ever, for leaving behind two loyal friends that would risk their lives for him at any time. Stupid Weasel , he thought as he watched Granger fell down on her knees. In the past, he would have laughed at such scene or at least, he would not care for it one bit, but his current self was no longer the same as before. He had experienced hell and come back again ever since he had failed to kill Dumbledore... no that wasn't right, he has experienced hell ever since he couldn't kill Dumbledore. He could still remember Dumbledore's words, as they faced each other on that cursed night. At that time, Dumbledore had offered him his protection for both him and his family if he switched sides and he had rightfully told him he was not a killer. Oh, how he had wished he had taken the offer back then and spared himself the following tortures, nightmares and pain. He had been a blinded fool back then, with no other choice but to follow Voldemort orders like a brainless puppet, until help arrived unexpectedly. Voldemort had put him under Snape 'careful' supervision, as he no longer had any use of him other than to keep his parents under his control and he had feared many times, that Voldemort was going to kill him, just to show the rest of his followers what would happen to those who could fail him in the future. On those following days he lived thinking any day would be his last, even if he tried to not show it to others. It was then that Snape had told him everything, from the real reason of why he had killed Dumbledore, to the reason he became Dumbledore's most trusted follower for years. It took him by surprise to hear Snape story and that he was risking everything to save Potter from all harm and for the first time in his short life, he had felt real shame of himself. While the Potter trio faced multiple dangers for what a lot of people thought it was a lost cause and both Snape and Dumbledore sacrifice themselves for similar reasons, he had just blindly follow his father's orders and acted like a spoiled brat, with a superiority complex. He unconsciously touched the dark mark that was imposed on him and wished to rip it of him for good, as it was now the symbol of his cowardice. However, he had crawled up from the bottom of his personal cliff and in a way, reborn anew from his ashes. Once Granger turned back, to get inside the tent, he knew it was his time to act. He had no idea of how Potter or Granger will react to what he was going to say and show them, but in the end it didn't matter. If things went for the worst, he could just do the same Snape had done for the last seven years and watch from the side line, only acting when necessary. With a deep sigh, he left his hiding place and very carefully, he approached the tent. He knew that Granger had cast many layers of spells around, but none of them would be trigger by him, of that, Dumbledore had made sure. Unconsciously, he looked down at the ring on his hand and smiled with sadness. The ring had been charmed by Dumbledore himself, the same with the glasses he was wearing. "Okay, this is it, Draco Malfoy. This is your first step to redemption." He whispered to himself and moved forward, as he would never stray back from his path again, even if his future end up been far worse than his 'previous' one. Harry "He is gone, Harry! Disapparated! " Hermione said throwing herself in to a chair and braking down in tears on the spot. Harry felt dazed and a bit guilty, as it was because of him that Ron had decided to leave them and Harry knew full well how she felt about Ron. She had been in love with him for a while now, yet after what happen, he wasn't sure how that will end and if Hermione would forgive them both for hurting her that much. He looked at her for a moment, feeling himself like breaking down as well, but instead, he simply picked up the locket that Ron had left behind and placed it around his neck once more. Soon enough, his resentment toward Ron increased, but knowing it was probably because of the Horcrux, he ignored the feeling. It was then, when he was about to take the blankets from Ron's bunk, to place them over the trembling girl, when someone else entered the tent. At first, both he and Hermione thought it was Ron, but as soon as they saw blond hair and black clothes, they knew that was not the case. Harry impulsively raised his wand in a fast move, while the shocked Hermione stood up from her chair, still immersed in surprise. "Wait, Potter! Don't go cursing me just yet. I didn't come here to bring you to the Dark Lord..." "Yeah right, as if you would do something other than that, Malfoy. How did you find us?" Harry asked, while moving in front of Hermione to protect her if necessary, something that didn't escaped Malfoy's notice and with a sigh he raised his hands in surrender. " How did I find you it's kind of long story, why did I find you it's easier to answer." Malfoy said, hoping that Potter was more open to reason than his former self, otherwise he would really be in trouble. He saw as Granger raised her own wand and pointed it at him as well, the look on her face was that of hatred, which despite him fully expecting nothing more than that, it kind of hurt him anyways. "We need to get out, Harry, if he is here that means that the Death Eaters..." "I swear that's not the case, Granger. There are not Death Eaters waiting for you to come out. To be honest, the only Death Eater in the vicinity is just me, otherwise they would have capture you by now." Malfoy interjected still with his hands up. "Why would we trust you , Malfoy? You are nothing more than a little traitor, you coward!" Hermione yelled coming closer to him,