The Ones Who Lived Summary: Harry become a traitor to King Voldemort and for leading a rebellion, he and his 'sister' Hermione are sentence to be killed by Yagnars. However, something unexpected happened and they lived. Draco was sent to hunt them down, but could he kill the one he had loved in silence for so long? What will happen when two strong forces meet in a war of wills? An AU Dramione Fantasy. AN: My third Dramione story. I was working on The Unthinkable when this idea suddenly stock inside my head and refuse to let me focus on my other story, so here it is. I hope someone like it and as usual a BIG WARNING for grammatical mistakes as English is not my main language and another for a few swearing curses. Even so give the story a chance, you may like it anyways. Thanks for reading. ^_^ Chapter One: A Hunter's Game The Rebels Hiding Base "Sirius, we have a big problem in our hands, Wormtail had betrayed us and Harry got caught while he fought against the Death Eaters to give the others some chance to escape." Remus Lupin said in haste. "What?!" Sirius Black said looking back at his best friend who had rushed in, to give him the news. "Harry Potter had been capture and that's not all. It seems that Wormtail (curse him to hell) had spit up everything and the Granger's had been killed. Our informant had just tell us that an assassin was dispatched to kill William and Jean Granger in their home an hour ago and that General Lucius Malfoy had drag out their daughter Hermione from the Healer House to put her inside a dungeon back in the castle. Snape wasn't able to tell us sooner as the castle security had been reinforced. We need go no now, this place has been compromise." Sirius momentary shock was interrupted, just a second after when another rebel run inside the room with even more bad news. "Sir, a large group of Death Eaters are coming our way! We need to evacuate the base right now! They will be here in less than an hour." Sirius didn't have any time to fully digest the news he just heard, as he needed to save the members of the Order inside the base and he hurried out of the room closely followed by the two who had come to him and without hesitation, he raised one hand up to cast the evacuation sign, so everyone could see it and flee somewhere else. "Go you two, save yourselves and your families as well." Sirius said while his fellow rebels begin to run out of their base toward the enchanted forest behind. "Serius, you need to go too." Remus said coming closer. "I will hold them for as long as I can. Go you fools! I have nothing else to lose, Voldemort had kill all I have care for before and I will make sure to give them as much hell as I can. Go and reunite with the others when the time is right, lie low until then." "Serius, that's a suicide! We can't let you do this on your own!" "I'm not alone Remus, I have my partner with me. Come, Vardras, we need to hold them on." As soon as its name was called, the surrounding earth begins to tremble under their feet and a huge column of blue fire raised high just a meter away from them. Soon after, the hot fire took the form of a scary Wyvern(two leg dragon) who looked their way with its narrow flaming eyes. They had seen the flame creature before, but it was always impressive every time it shows up. "A fire spirit familiar can not be kill, but you will Sirius Black, come with us while we still have the time!" "No. This is all my fault. I trusted Wormtail when he said he was not the one who give away James and Lilly location when they were killed and now he has also doomed their son and the family who had raised him in my place. I deserve to die as well. You go Remus and see if you can do something for Harry and his sister, please, do it for me." "Sirius, that's insane! You will not hold them for long..." "I assure you, I will make it count. Dorak, take him and leave this place. See if you can contact Dumbledore back in Obrax. Stay safe, friend. Now go!" He said and Dorak held Remus, pulling him toward the forest, just like the rest of the rebels. Remus looked back, to look at his friend for the last time and promise himself to do his best to save both, Harry and Hermione. Harry Inside The Dungeon It stinks, it was dark and he was in a lot of pain for the torture he had experience just a few minutes ago. He knew he had been betrayed by one of their own and they had been ambush the instant they got closer to one of the Royal food storage, they had planned to raid. It was well-known that the muggle part of the city was starving and they needed to distribute whatever they were able to steal from the nobles or the army. Still, this time it had been their loss. He knew he was going to be killed, probably as soon as they finish with his interrogation, but he had prepared himself for such fate the moment he decided to become a member of the Order Of The Phoenix, just like his biological parents. Still, he did have one big regret and it was about his adoptive family. He has not seen the Granger's in more than seven years and he had to admit to himself that he had missed them, specially his sister Hermione, with her exceptional talent at the healing arts, had made her enter the nobles Healing House. She had always been quite smart even as a child and although she wasn't able to use full magic, because of her muggle born status, he knew that she was also a very powerful witch. He had wished he could have seen her one last time, even if it was from a distant. They were close friends when younger and he had cared for her like a real brother would have, even if they were not blood related. He was very grateful with the Granger's, for selfishly taking him in when he was four. He has left their home to join the rebels when he was thirteen and although he had make sure that they received more than enough of food and money to keep their muggle healing house running, he has miss the love, care and warmth of a family. Now, he just hoped they did well even without his help. He was sure that if the Order manage to survive the sudden betrayal, his family will be fine, even if not as well as he did from the distance. Harry closed his green eyes, trying to remember the wonderful times he shared with them, the laughs, the hugs, the kindness and everything else they had bless him with and soon after he find himself crying at such memories. Oh, he missed them so much, yet he didn't regret going away with his godfather. If Voldemort ever find out where he was taken, he was sure that he will send his dark minions to finish the job he started himself and that mean a sure death to all of them. He wanted to avoid that most of all and once he moved away for their own safety, he changed his name to Daniel (well, it happened to be the name it came to his mind when he was asked) and he keeps both his past and family a secret from others. Only a very few men knew his real name and it was a very selected group of his godfather best friends and he had trusted them all with his life. "Hey you, rebel scum, we got company for you!" A guard said and Harry looked up, expecting someone from his team, but to his surprise and horror, what he saw instead was the figure of a woman who looked so alike... Hermione? "Oh, no, no, no, No!" He yelled when he realized the young woman didn't just resemble his sister, the one he had wished to see for a last time, it was her in the flesh. She was tied up and blindfolded, but he was sure it was her, even if it was dark inside his stinking cell. He stood up in a hurry and tried to reach her, but the chains holding his arms and legs prevent him for doing so half way from the cell door. The worse despair he had come to experience in his short twenty years of life, recover his body like a flaming poison, making his heart ache more than the rest of his body. "Ha... Harry? Is that you?" Hermione asked with a bit of fear in her voice. He knew she was trying to keep herself from panic, but deep inside he could tell she was very scare. "Let her go! I will tell you what you need, just let her go. She doesn't have anything to do with me or the Order. Let her go and I will talk, become a traitor if I must..." Harry said, not really seen another way to save his sister from her current involvement in his personal disaster. Still, the guard holding Hermione only laughed at him and his desperate attempt to save her. "There is no need for you to talk, filthy rebel, someone else had already said more than enough to get you all, including the ones who had hidden you from Lord Voldemort for so many years, Harry Potter ." Harry gave a step back in shock as Hermione begin to struggled against her captor, but without success. Soon after, the man open his cell and throw her inside toward him. He was able to hold her, so she would not fall over the filthy floor, but to his surprise, she tried to get away from him as well. "What happen to my parents?! Where are they? I demand you to tell me!" She yelled, with rage in her voice this time. "Demand it you said? HA, ha, ha, ha... As if a mudblood like yourself have any right to demand anything! They are dead girl and you two will soon follow them. Just you wait, you will be taken to the Forest Of Death soon enough, to be hunted by Yagnars. A shame I will not be able to witness it myself..." The man said, laughing some more before going away. Harry held Hermione close to him as the news of her parents been killed sink in both of them and as she begins to yell in pain and frustration, he cursed himself from killing the very ones he had tried so hard to keep alive. Draco At The Throne Room "Did you bring her in, Lucius?" King Voldemort asked to the white blond man dressed in black kneel a short distance from his almighty throne, where he sat. "Yes, your Majesty. Hermione Granger had been brought to the castle and was thrown inside a cell with his traitorous brother." Lucius said to his King and a bit farther behind him, Draco has gasped in surprise after hearing the name he never thought would hear in such a place. It had been just mare luck that he was reclined on a marble column when his father said those words, otherwise he may have fallen from the sudden surprise and pain he experienced when the name of the girl who was capture finally came to the open. Oh, no way... damn it, why her of all people? He