AN: Another Dramione, even if I have so many already, unfinished, but well... this wanted to be born, so I hope some of you comes to like it. As usual, my English grammar is still quite far from being perfect, so take that in mind before reading. This story follows the books, yet not the epilogue, otherwise there would not be a Dramione story to write. I don't own Harry Potter, nor any of the characters, just having fun twisting the tale. LOL Nightmares Under The Dark Moon Chapter One: A Warning, A Pendant, And A Ring Unknown Two Months Before The Memorial It's been a long time since he lived in hell and he was tired of it. He had lost so much and gained nothing before and after the war, that he wondered if it had been worth it. Perhaps they should have never been involved, however, it was too late to regret, for regardless of the outcome of the war, they were condemned to live in shadows and apart from everything. He and his family had suffered greatly, though they were not so active during the war and they were not the only ones who ended up in the same way. So many others, not only had lost the war or their freedom, but also friends and all the possibilities of having a future. Time and time again, he had tried to leave the past where it belonged, but, of course, no such thing was allowed for those who were marked with Voldemort's curse, not even the Malfoy's who had been 'pardoned' after the war. They were hardly seen in public these days and that made his blood boil with rage. He knew well the feeling of being a prisoner without the walls of Azkaban. Many of his kind, just like the Malfoy's were trapped inside their own homes, always being heavily criticized by commoners if they dared to leave the security of their homes and he hated it all. However, it was all going to end soon, very soon, since he had decided that they had suffered enough, that they have been punish for too long. His life was already a living hell, so it didn't make any difference, if he ends up becoming a murderer at the end. At least he would feel free, even if it was in a twisted way. He was not alone in his sense of disgust, so he could fool himself by calling it a 'cause'. The Golden Trio, as ordinary people call them these days, were going to pay for being responsible for making their lives miserable and then, if he survives, he will bring the wizarding world to his knees. He smiled slightly as he watched from a safe distance, to two of his future prey. The first, was Hermione Granger (although sadly not his main target), who was the filthy mudblood that he had detested even more than Potter. She had been the key to Voldemort's downfall and he wanted more than anything to get rid of her as soon as possible. Just watching her carefree smile, so happily free to walk the streets and openly enjoying her ideal life, even if she was only a mudblood, made him want to puke with envy. He was more than sure that cutting off the trio's head, would make the rest of the body collapse lifeless on the floor, but as much as he wanted to get rid of her, the first target was the one next to her, Harry Potter. The bloody 'boy who lived' had continued hunting them down, like the Auror in which he had become and that was unacceptable, unforgivable. Ron Weasley had also followed in Potter's footsteps, but as those two will soon discover, the Weasley Auror was a much easier prey to hunt, than the top head Potter. He had decided to let him live for now, but only to give the message to the other two that very soon, their lives would be in his hands. He longed to see them fear, before he kept his promise. "Soon Potter, very soon ..." He muttered to himself walking in the opposite direction of the two long-time friends. The preparations were almost finished and he vowed not to fail, even though he might lose his life in the process. He smiled this time, thinking of the many ways he would make Potter suffer, and in doing so, he didn't notice an old woman standing right in front of him, with which he ended up bumping into her. "Oh, sorry dear... I only stopped for a moment... these old bones are a problem these days..." The old woman apologized. "Do not worry, I wasn't looking where I was going... I hope you have a good night, ma'am." He said and moved to get past her, when she suddenly grabbed his arm with freezing cold fingers. "So polite, yet, so full of anger... be careful, my dear. Things may not go as well as you think..." She said, taking him by surprise and he turned to look at the old woman, but she was gone the moment she'd said those words to him. He felt a chill run through his body, however, even if fate itself might warn him to do otherwise, he was still willing to risk everything for a promise he was going to keep. Harry "So how are you planning on telling her? Please Harry, I hope you are thinking in something romantic, because if you propose to Ginny in a casual and insulting way, just like Ron once did with me, she is definitely going to kill you." Hermione said and Harry half smiled, while they walked in the crowded Diagon Alley street. He and Ginny had been together for the past six years and he was more than sure that she was the one for him, so it was only natural for them to get married. She had been giving him hints that she wanted to be engage in marriage and he was going to give her exactly that. However, he wanted their engagement to be something special, not like the disastrous one Hermione had, which ended her already unstable relationship with Ron in one go. Ron, had foolishly been drinking too much that night, when he suddenly declared himself in front of everyone at a Christmas party no less, that he wanted to marry the most insufferable, bookworm, headstrong and know-it-all women in the world. "Well, I can't do worse than Ron, that's for sure, but I'd like to make it special. That's why I want you to help me with this, I've already brought the rings, but... well... Should I declare in private or in a romantic restaurant instead? Maybe do it the old fashion way, like kneeling?" She starts laughing. "Come on, Hermione, I'm serious... help me please, just this once, okay?" "Of course, Harry... sorry, I just can imagine you, kneeling before her with the ring in hand, like a Prince Charming in a fairy tale..." "Isn't that what every woman dreams about?" He asked as he watched her laugh a little more. Some people looked at them while she laughed and whispered between them, making them at the mercy of unfounded rumors, as they did a few years ago, when Rita Skeeter wrote about their alleged hidden relationship, when they always shared a very good friendship instead, much closer to the relationship between siblings, than to a romantic one. "Muggle ones, maybe... but Ginny is a professional Quidditch player..." Hermione continue. "Okay... so, what about hiding the ring inside a snitch? You know that she once took my place as a seeker. We can have a private game or something, only the two of us being seekers. I'll let her catch it, so when she touches the specially enchanted snitch, it opens to reveal the..." Whatever he was going to say next, was left unfinished when he felt someone watching him. He had grown to be more alert since he became an Auror and over the years had developed some extra sense. He turned to look behind them, carefully searching for the reason he had been restless for a second. "Harry... are you okay? Is there something wrong?" Hermione asked at his side, making him lose focus for a second. The alarming feeling, lost from his senses. "What? Oh... no, it's nothing... just a strange feeling..." Or rather he had felt bloodlust nearby. He had felt something similar several times when at work, hunting for a Death Eater who in particular hated him more strongly than others. "No wonder you are currently the best Auror in the Ministry, you have sharp instincts... Is someone following us? Should I be concerned about it?" She asked. "How did you…?" "Please Harry, I've seen that look before... Ron also told me once, how difficult it is, to take you by surprise... So, are we in trouble?" She asked again, without any particular concern, since both were more than capable of defending themselves and Harry sighed. "I should have known better. Nothing goes unnoticed, to the most brilliant witch her age. No, it's okay now. Come on, let's meet Ginny and the others, as planned. We're almost there anyway..." Harry said, but at the same time, a woman tripped over Hermione, who almost knocked her down, if Harry had not instinctively held her before she could fall. "Oh, I'm so sorry dear... my sight is not the best these days..." The woman said, apologizing. "Please do not worry about that... are you okay?" The old woman looked as if she were lost. "Do you want me to help you get somewhere?" Hermione asked and the old woman shook her head. "No dear, I can find my way just fine... but since you've been so caring, I'll give you this... It will bring you good luck. Always keep it with you and it will protect you and keep you safe." The woman said, putting in her hand a simple but elegant pendant, shaped like a raindrop, made with what she knew was a rainbow moonstone. The stone flashed in a bluish color in her warm hand, that made something stir inside her, as if she was looking at something precious. "Hermione, are you okay?" Harry asked when he saw her sad expression. She then looked at him with confusion, since she didn't know why he was asking that and Harry sighed. "You looked sad for a moment, are you okay?" He repeated. "Oh, yes, I'm fine, forgive me ma'am, but I cannot accept this..." Hermione began to say, but to her surprise, the woman was nowhere to be seen. "Where did she go?" She asked and turned to look, but then, they both heard someone shout their names, not too far from where they were. "Harry, Hermione, it's Ron!" Ginny shouted, approaching and the two hurried to meet her. "Ginny, for Merlin, what happened?" He asked, already alarmed. "It's Ron, he was attacked and taken to St. Mungo's Hospital... we need to go, now!" And without any hesitation of any of them, they disappeared from the busy street to appear a moment later, in said hospital, to be face to face with the last person they expected to see there. Draco Malfoy. Malfoy Draco Malfoy was tired that night, very tired indeed. Since the end of the war, things had been a bit difficult for his family and since he had asked Astoria Greengrass to marry him, as expected in an previous arranged marriage, things had also gotten a bit more complicated for him. Astoria had been periodically sick for about a year and a half ago, which was the reason why they have postponed their wedding for so long. At first, it was always something minor, but lately, her illness had worsened. The healers could find nothing wrong with her and could only relieve the symptoms when they came. Only