AN : My second Dramione story. This is an alternative universe, dark fantasy style version. A FAIR WARNING for BAD English grammar (seriously, this is here for a good reason), sorry it's not my language and this is the best I can do on my own. I don't own Harry Potter or any of its characters, otherwise I will be filthy rich, which I assure you I'm not. LOL Chapter One: The Punishment "Okay, that's enough, you two. I'm aware that you two do not get along, but this is going too far. I cannot believe you really dared to duel within the grounds of this school no less. Explain yourselves, before I tell Dumbledore about this ... sudden madness." Minerva McGonagall said as she looked angrily at the two students who just had a dangerous duel in the middle of a hallway. "He called me a mudblood. This is actually the second time he does it and I've just lost my patience. I will not allow him or anyone else to call me that again." Hermione started with rage still in her voice and MacGonagall gasped, looking at Draco Malfoy with surprise and disapproval. "Well, she called me a coward, among other things I'd rather not repeat, before I told her that. She was the one who provoke me first." Malfoy said in his defense. "Oh, that's just lovely... I provoked you? As if you need a reason to insult me! You were the one who started it all, just because I accidentally bumped into you." She said as her anger ignite inside her again. "If you had looked where you walked instead of having your face almost buried inside a book, you could have noticed me coming." He said with disgust. Such a know-it-all. How dare she defy him like that and almost get him hurt. That girl was dangerous when she was serious, he was very aware of that when she punched him last year, but after his abrupt withdrawal that time, he could not let her think he was afraid of her. Of course, it was a lie, because deep down he feared her, but hell would freeze over before all Hogwarts knew it too. "I was not burying my face in a book, it's called reading and the hallway was empty for a second before you appeared out of nowhere." She continues. "I just turned in a corner, how does that turn into 'coming out of nowhere', Granger?" Draco asked. "It was not a corner ..." She said though not so sure now. "Yes, it was a corner. Crabbe and Goyle saw it too, right guys?" Malfoy asked his friends and they nodded vigorously. "Well, even if it were so, there was no need to insult me for an accident in which you did not even fall, only the books you carried." "And now they're dirty ..." He was going to add something else, but stopped when he saw her anger rise again. "Why you wicked..." "Enough of this! Professor MacGonagall, I will see that these two meet with the Headmaster immediately. No matter the reason, no student is allowed to duel inside the school without permission." Snape intervenes making his way over the crowd of students surrounding the two former duelers. "Of course Professor Snape, one hundred and fifty points from Gryffindor and another hundred and fifty from Slythering." MacGonagall said raising protests from the rest of the students who had gathered to watch the duel. "You're lucky that's all I'm going to discount from your houses, this is a serious offense, especially when the arrival of the other schools is so close." She added. The Triwizard tournament was only a week away, they were fortunate indeed. "I hope your punishment will be severe this time." Snape said looking at Granger. "If none of you are seriously injured, then follow me, the rest of the student will return to their rooms. Now!" Hermione glared at Malfoy, but gathered all her remaining pride and walked behind Snape, followed closely by the now-scared Malfoy and ... "Not so brave now are you?" She whispers to Malfoy once she calms down, halfway to their destination and this time it was he who looked at her with something close to hatred. "Shut up Granger, this should be worse for you than for me, my father will not stand still if Dumbledore goes too far. What about you? Do you have someone who can help you, just in case you get expelled?" He said smiling, probably thinking that being a Malfoy was everything and even though she hated to admit it, he was right. She was in real trouble. Minutes Later "I see. Do not worry, Severus, I'll make sure they have an appropriate punishment for their childish actions. You can leave now, I'm sure you have an important job to do," said Dumbledore, dismissing him. It was obvious that the professor was not pleased with his dismissal, but in the end he left the office with a cold look aimed at Dumbledore and a mortal one directed at both of them." Malfoy even shudders at the intense glare, but Hermione holds hers defiantly. "Well, it seems we have a big problem in our hands. In the past there have been many students who, like you two, were victims of anger and did exactly the same as you did. There have been some who have been seriously injured and others who were close to killing each other. That, among other reasons, is why duels of all kinds are prohibited, unless special circumstances like the next tournament, allow them under supervision. Prejudice and pride had always been part of human history and many times led to disaster and war. It would be wise to keep that in mind." Dumbledore began, with a serious tone and directed his gaze to Malfoy first. "What you did Draco, was wrong. Inside this castle, the blood state does not matter. Every muggle child born with any kind of magic, strong or weak, has the right to come here to study it and be part of our magical community. No one, dear boy, has the right to insult them for things they had no control over and whoever said otherwise is fooling himself. Many Muggle-borns had become great wizards and witches who do wonderful work for our community. Miss Granger here is an example, as she has the title of the best student in her year. Perhaps she may even be the number one student currently studying at Hogwarts and she, as well as any other student regardless of blood status, deserve respect." A triumphant smile from Hermione irritated Malfoy more. However, her smile dies on her lips as soon as Dumbledore concentrates on her. "However, Hermione, what you did, is of course wrong too. Even if someone calls you something you are not, you should exorcise good judgment. As the best student of your year, you should be an example to your fellow students. You have the tendency to get into trouble with your close friends, a duel is never an option within the school and is by no means allowed. Because the tournament is coming soon, I will postpone my final decision to allow the two of you to continue studying here or expel you both for your reckless actions, but that does not mean either of you will not be punished. You will help in preparing the castle for the tournament, starting now. It will be in your best interest if you work together, try to get along and help each other. It will not kill you to learn from your mistakes and start over. Your first task will be to help with the cleaning of the Astronomy Tower, where the Beauxbatons students will stay. Go now and tell Professor Trelawney that you will help her with whatever she needs. Be careful with what you do from now on and just to clarify, I will know if you are fulfilling your punishment according to the instructions. Now you're dismiss." Dumbledore said in a final tone that left no room for discussion. Draco was hurrying upstairs in a bad mood, followed by Hermione who was not very happy with her current situation either. She could not blame Dumbledore for what he had told her, because she had to admit that he was right. She must have better control over her emotions and be above any cruel insult Malfoy could throw at her. It was not a secret that he hated her and to be honest she felt the same way. Although they barely had time to throw a few spells at each other and none of them dangerous enough to do real damage, it was still wrong and others might have been injured instead. If Harry had been there with her, he would have tried to stop her for committing the stupidity of her life, that could end in her expulsion, but at that moment she was alone as usual when she went to the library. They walked in silence to their destination for a few minutes and Malfoy cursed himself internally for such a disaster. He was sure that if it was expulsion, his father would move heaven and earth to bring him back, but he was not stupid, despite what Granger believed. If his situation reached the worst, his father would be very angry with him, just for give him the trouble of pulling some strings and he would rather not bother him for now. He knew his father was upset about what happened the last time he came to Hogwarts, since Potter released Dobby from serving his family and an expulsion caused by Granger, who was a mudblood and one of Potter's best friends was even worse. He could already hear his father scolding him and it was not pleasant at all. Draco gave Hermione a hard look as they started to climb the stairs, but she simply looked back at him with a serious expression on her face. Without fear ... he thought, she was so damn fearless at times, it almost made him shiver on the spot. If it were not for the reputation he needed to keep, he would have backed down the moment she pointed her wand at him. Oh, it was only his luck that she snapped at him for a few words. She should have expected not less of him, they were enemies after all, yet... Oh, what a mess. He told himself internally. However, as he walked in front of her, he came first to the door of the Professor's room and looked at the door as if it were cursed. Even if Granger was a few feet away from him, he could not help it. It was not a secret that hated astronomy the most and Trelawney simply annoyed him endlessly, but looking back to see if Granger would make fun of him, as he did before with her, apparently it was not just him who did not like it to be there, but also her too. Which pleased him in some strange way. "I hope you enjoy this Granger, because I certainly will not." Malfoy whispered before opening the door and letting her in first. No way would he be the one who said anything to the old bat. "You must remember that this is called punishment for good reason." Hermione whispers back as she passes him and for the first time, she heard him laugh, a laugh that was not to mock her, as was his custom with her, but a laugh with genuine humor she never thought she would ever hear from him. She turned in surprise and he simply looked at her a little less irritated now. "What? It was fun and I think this is the first time we agree on something." He said ignoring her almost jaw dropping. "Agree ... life is definitely full of surprises."