Yes, this is early. :D Well. I am going to be packing for the rest of the week (I am going to Boulder Colorado for a little family reunion/vacation) , Tinlaure is just getting back from Texas and so I am crunched for time (this probably means I won't post for the rest of this week and next. My deepest apologies). But I was dying to post this first chapter and get that off my chest so to speak. Anyway...I am sure you don't mind an early post. LOL By now you probably know that we LOVE reviews, so if you could drop one in for us to read, that would be great:P Your opinions DO matter:D Thanks! Dementia by Celebdil-Galad and Tinlaure Summary: Elves are disappearing. With no one else to turn to, Legolas looks to Aragorn for help, unintentionally leading the human into the darkest peril either of them has ever encountered. A secret and powerful evil broods in Esgaroth, an evil that won't rest without blood, gold, power and ultimate victory –or death. How much will Legolas and Aragorn be forced to give? How much will those closest to their hearts? The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for the good men to do nothing. - Edmund Burke Rated: P-13 -for now...though it could possibly shift to R in the near future. If it does progress into being rated R we expect you to be responsible for the content that you read. Disclaimer: We own nothing from "Lord of the Rings" or any other works of works of J.R.R. Tolkien. We also are not getting paid. Additional notes: We love our character, Rothinzil, who has appeared in all of our stories. Please don't steal him, as sweet and endearing as he is! ;) Since we are new posting in this rating zone, if you don't know about him we will try to explain who he is as we go. There is a pic of him on our website. Hopefully you will have no trouble getting attached to him. Also, other stories in this series include (Chronological order of time period): The Bittersweet ; Reflection ; All That's Left of Yesterday ; The Folly of Men ; Ripples ; Masquerade ; I Will Always Return This one takes place somewhere between Ripples and Masquerade . Review! We love reviews:D :0Ї0: Dementia Chapter One The Remnants of the Balchoth Matthew: It's a conspiracy. Jack Bellicec: What's a conspiracy? Matthew: Everything . W.D. Richter, Invasion of the Bodysnatchers (1978) :0Ї0: Dwarves… they were stout, annoying, ugly, bad-tempered… "We can assure you, Prince Legolas, that we know absolutely nothing about any missing Elves," King Dáin stressed politely, levelling Legolas with a dark and irritated look. They had been repeating this conversation for a few hours now, even though it was possible that he could have miscalculated and a century had passed. Rothinzil saw Legolas return the look. He makes the look even more impressing, Roth thought idly as he sat quietly by his prince, cross-legged on the ground. He didn't exactly approve of Legolas' actions but he would never openly question his lord, especially in such circumstances. They definitely did not contain favourable elements, he mused inwardly, with dwarves and caves. The dwarves didn't bother him at all (as Legolas often told him was one of his flaws), but he knew just how much they irked Legolas. Aragorn tugged gently at Roth's elbow, drawing the drowsy Elf out of his reveries. Motioning for the Elf to lean towards him, Aragorn waited for the warrior to comply before whispering, "They are going to be at this for quite a while, I think. Would you want to go and explore a bit?" Roth looked reluctant to leave his prince's side, and he looked from Aragorn to the prince and then took a deep interest in the dirt floor. "Strider, I don't think-" "Exactly! Don't think! Just come with me! I am chafing here!" the human begged in a whisper, pulling on Roth's elbow some more. Roth pulled his elbow free and glowered at the human. "No! I can't!" He pressed his lips into a thin line, clearly torn between stretching his muscles and protecting his lord. Aragorn sighed inaudibly. "What is the worst that could happen in a few hours?" Dáin seemed far from becoming angry. On the contrary, the dwarven king looked amused, especially when it seemed obvious that Legolas was refraining from sputtering in frustration. Roth frowned disapprovingly at the ranger. "That was a tasteless joke." Aragorn had to think for a few seconds to concede Roth's point and he nodded. Yes, it was rather tasteless. Saying something like that usually boded nothing but trouble later. He looked suspiciously up at the ceiling above their heads and the pillars holding them up, as though they could spontaneously collapse. He had asked for it after all. "You are right, mellon nîn." Roth was about to comment further when he heard Legolas use the tone , the one that would frighten any sane person out of their mind if they had any idea what it meant. Roth shook his head inwardly. He knew what it meant and he knew that it would only be a matter of time before Legolas was looking for victims. Smiling conspiratorially to hide a shudder, he asked brightly, "Where do you want to go first?" These were the Halls of the King under the Mountain after all. There were many interesting places, or at least if there weren't, there should be. Aragorn returned the smile, his eyes twinkling mischievously. "Shhh…follow me." Roth started to follow the ranger, who was more or less slinking out of the room. Strangely, he didn't feel the least bit guilty. He hoped that it was easy to get lost in this place because if Legolas found him later he knew that it would be better if he entombed himself. Dwarves were not exactly endeared to Legolas. Catching up to Aragorn at a slight jog, he eased up when he was at the ranger's side. "You are as bad as a child"! Aragorn chided with a broad grin, looking sideways at the tall, slender Elf. He poked the warrior in the arm with his finger accusingly. "And you know it, don't you?" Roth looked scandalized and shook his dark head. "I am sure that I have no idea what you are talking about." However serious his expression was his voice was very belying and Aragorn chuckled quietly as two dwarf-sentinels obligingly pulled the doors open, allowing them to exit King Dáin's spacious hall. "I am sure that you don't," he said sarcastically. Once the doors had shut and the two were loose in the Dwarven realm, the Elf inclined his head and stared accusingly at the human, arching a brow in a way that clearly said he was trying to appear appalled. "And what was that supposed to mean?" "It means," Aragorn explained with a cheeky grin, "that you are still wet behind the ears." Roth scowled darkly, hastily trying to hide his amusement. "I will make you eat those words, pen-neth . That's pretty big talk for one who only reached maturity a couple of years ago." Aragorn snorted in a failed attempt not to laugh and behave somberly. "Is it now? And when did you come to maturity then, Elfling?" Roth grinned amiably, not minding being the victim of the banter, and gave Aragorn a playful shove backward. All of the energy that had pent up during the negotiations was coming out and more than one dwarf gave them a questioning look as they hastened past. Aragorn was right and Roth knew it. He was as undignified and as immature as a child, and a human child at that. "At least two thousand years ago." Aragorn, of course, already knew this. Rothinzil was at least five-hundred years younger than Legolas. He whistled in mock surprise. "And married with your wife expecting already?" Aragorn watched amusedly as Rothinzil's grin broadened proudly at the mention of Helluin. The warrior flushed slightly at the attention. "Congratulations, mellon nîn," Aragorn congratulated his friend, slapping Roth warmly on the back. "You'll make a great father." The Elf smiled down at the human and his Elven glow expanded, giving the cheerful warrior a bright aura that caused a few dwarves to scowl in annoyance as they passed by. Apparently, Roth thought with mild bewilderment, there were more beings other than orcs that could find pleasure in the dark itself. Dwarves were sensible creatures, were they not? Well, Roth thought so anyway, so he simply could not understand why they chose to live in the dark like this. Well, maybe they were actually scowling at the sight of an Elf in their levels, the dark-haired Elf amended hopefully. The warrior suddenly found Aragorn's arm hooking his and the ranger attempted to coerce him along down the broad corridor that the dwarves referred to as a 'road'. Looking at the human blankly, Roth didn't move and queried uncertainly, "Um, Strider, what are we doing? Or should I say, what are you doing?" Aragorn looked puzzled for a moment and gave Roth a quizzical look. "We are going to have fun. We have been sitting for hours and if we don't do something soon my eye will start twitching." Rothinzil raised a brow, looking completely incredulous and snickered slightly at the mental image of Aragorn with a twitching eye. "Very well," he complied with a nod, hooking Aragorn's arm in return. "Shall we?" He smiled brightly, causing a few more dwarves to scowl disapprovingly. Since when were happy Elves allowed down here? Or more importantly, when did they start allowing Elves into here at all? "Oh yes, let's!" Aragorn said enthusiastically. It did not take the joyous pair long to find a place that served malt-beverages and had expedient as well as courteous service. Rothinzil sighed with relief. Legolas would never even consider coming in here, so for now he was safe. A few of these dwarves Rothinzil knew from when they would venture into Lake Town and before the ranger could protest he dragged Aragorn towards the paltry crowd of friendly faces. "Well if it isn't that young pup, Rothinzil!" One of the grey-bearded dwarves bellowed out his welcome, slapping his thigh with amusement. Despite the dwarf's aged leathery face and his scraggly, grey beard it was ironic that he called Roth a 'young pup.' Aragorn snickered under his breath. Oh, if Legolas could see this… "Hello there Farin," Roth said genially, seating himself on the proffered stool to the dwarf's right. Aragorn hauled up a chair that was idly sitting nearby doing nothing better than collecting dust –something that there was an abundance of throughout the dwarven realm. The dwarf flashed a toothy grin, pleasantly surprised that the Elf had remembered his name. Aragorn just shook his head, wondering how long it would take for Legolas to hunt Roth down and shoot him full of arrows. It probably wouldn't take very long, Aragorn mused drolly, because although Rothinzil was very intelligent as far as Elves went he wasn't overly clever or nimble on his feet. It was another one of those things about Roth that Helluin so kindly referred to as "adorable". Before they were too deeply engrossed in conversation, Roth leaned towards Aragorn and whispered, "I suppose we had best not mention anything about why Legolas and we are here." Aragorn nodded imperceptivity. "Probably not," he agreed, talking so only Roth could hear. A round of the house-brew was ordered for everyone, all generously at Farin's expense. :0Ї0: Legolas eyed the pillars that lined the 'road' darkly; having left King Dáin's Halls about half an hour ago. He couldn't believe when they had first come here that Aragorn had dared to comment on them resembling the Halls of his father. These were built only from stone, the designs were hideous and didn't flow together, Legolas