Title: I Will Always Return (formerly known as "The Edge of the World") Authors : Celebdil-Galad and Tinlaure Rated: PG-13 or T Summary: First Legolas was captured, but Aragorn couldn't remain behind. Both are eventually seized and tormented, blindsided by an unthinkable treachery, and doing their best to stave off death and not crack under the abuse. But things get even more complicated when newers plans are made to sell Legolas to a special customer while at the same time keeping Aragorn as an assurance for the Elf's compliance. With no intention of keeping Aragorn alive after the deal is complete, time is priceless if they are to both come out of this alive and return to the homes they had formerly abandoned. If they survive, there is a chance that Rivendell and Mirkwood can be regenerated, if not, they will be no more than a memory, along with their inhabitance. Sequel to "Masquerade". Disclaimer: Ay! We have to go through this again! Here goes…Well, we do not own anything from the "Lord of the Rings" or any other work done by J.R.R. Tolkien. However, we have created numerous O.C.'s that we would like to keep as strictly ours. If you want to use then in a fic and ask (as well as receive) permission that's fine but other than that, don't kidnap them, they don't appreciate it and neither do we! LOL We also would like to point out that we are not getting paid to write this piece of work and wouldn't accept any money anyway. It is strictly for the enjoyment of the readers and of course, ourselves. As you read through "I Will Always Return" please try not to be overly critical. If you have something constructive to criticize be our guests but flames are really not worth your time or ours. They don't solve anything. This is naturally still taking place at the time when Aragorn became fond of using the alias Thorongil in Rohan and Gondor. We have based this story on a few combined parts in the book Two Towers that state Sauron once offered money to the people of Rohan for their black horses and was turned down, thus being forced to commit atrocious raids to capture the animals for his dark uses. This would have happened around this time and off and on until the War of the Ring, as far as we can reckon it. We have also heard many contradictory things about Thengel and about when his rule began and ended. Some say it ended the year Thorongil retired his alias and returned home, and to Lorien for his visit with Arwen (i.e. –Thengel died). However, other hints have been dropped that during Aragorn's ride in Rohan Théoden was but a small child, and therefore, incapable of claiming the thrown. We tend to follow this line for the story's convenience as well as probability. When Aragorn's ventures were in Rohan, we can find no record. If this is not the case, feel free to kindly tell us, but try to enjoy the story for what it is and excuse the error. One last theme we would like to address, is that we drop hints of Saruman's twisting nature throughout this whole story. We would only like to explain this once, so please listen. Sharky and Saruman are one in the same ! Okay? Okay. Supposedly, during this time, is when he established his home as being at Isengard. Again, if there is an error, we are sorry, please try to tell us and then overlook it for the sake of the story line. ;) Also, in the creation of this story we purposefully left out the parts about Rivendell, Mirkwood, Thranduil, Elrond, and Lothlorien. However, it has a purpose! Don't burn us yet! (barricades up in closet as a precaution) We thought it would be interesting to almost literally put you in Legolas and Aragorn's ( as well as the twins) shoes so that your emotions should be close to theirs as far as surprise and trauma goes when they actually do return home. We were simply trying to make the story more real, which is why reviews will be very helpful. We would like to know what you think and if you think this little experiment is working. (sigh) That was a novel in and of itself, yes? Additional Authors' Notes You can find the picture for this particular tale on our site, which the URL is on our bio page. This is one in our ever-growing 'Faith, Hope and Love' series. It includes: Reflections, All That's Left of Yesterday, The Folly of Men Masquerade & Ripples Please review! Thank you! I Will Always Return :0Ї0: CHAPTER ONE I'm Your Shadow :0Ї0: Green, rich rolling hills barely touched with the golden red light of a setting sun sprang before the friends as they strode into the green country of Rohan, a place of refuge and safety. Legolas inhaled deeply, his lungs absorbing all they could of the rich ambrosia that drifted and filled the air. Sighing, the prince looked at Aragorn with shimmering eyes that hadn't been that jovial in some time. It brought a smile to Aragorn's face. "I never thought I would see anything this glorious again!" declared the prince, springing forward and feeling the ground beneath his feet absorb the impact with the thick, matted grass. After being in the desert and cities for months this was a welcome change. Still grinning from ear to ear the Elf began to hum a tune Aragorn did not know and he began to run through the rich grass, brushing its long tops with the tips of his fingers as his spirits rose to heights that made him want to soar with the birds. Grinning to himself, Aragorn laughed and called out cheerfully, "enjoy yourself Elf , I'll take care of making camp." In all honesty he hadn't felt this splendid in a long time and he breathed deeply of the clean and peaceful air. Legolas appeared not to hear him, though Aragorn doubted it, and the Elf pranced a few minutes longer without giving any acknowledgement to the ranger's statement. He could still hear the prince singing happily and he actually burst out in laughter as the Elf dropped and rolled and in the deep vegetation. Sprawled out in the moist grass, Legolas' eyes were almost glazed with pleasure and he closed them, imagining that he was in nothing but peace as he thought the West might be. Healing had been fine in Gondor but people had been curious about an Elf and he hadn't really had time to rest. Even kept secret by the Healers, some how, everyone had found out about the special guest. He had done his best to help Aragorn get his discharge papers as quickly as possible and then, after saying their farewells to the men, the two had left as quickly as possible. Reopening his bleary orbs, the prince sighed contentedly and stared up at the stars that were peeping out from their hiding places during the day. The purplish-orange color of the sky was just marvelous and he gazed it at for a good ten minutes, allowing his body to relax against the spongy grass that left no footprints even from Aragorn's boots. "Legolas!" Aragorn called out, laughing as he bounded through the grass to try and find his friend. "I don't want to step on you!" He teased, leaping over the Elf without realizing it. The prince blended in perfectly with the green foliage and a wicked smile began to pull at his lips. Suddenly Aragorn fell to the ground, Legolas' hand gripping his boot and a guilty grin growing on the Elf's glowing face. Surprise fluttered briefly across Aragorn's features as he understood what Legolas had done and came down, sprawled across the Elf. Legolas tensed for moment, obviously not anticipating the human falling across him but then he just grinned. "At least I found you," grumbled the ranger, annoyed once more with the Elven reflexes his friend possessed simply because they were used to his disadvantage. Leaning back against the Elf's chest that rose and fell as the prince breathed, Aragorn sighed. "I could have stomped right on your face!" Legolas just chuckled. "I think not, Strider. Judging from the way things are, my reflexes were superior to yours." Aragorn snorted incredulously and sat up, glaring down at his friend, who was smiling contagiously. "Admit it! You never meant for me to fall on you!" Legolas was too happy to argue and he closed his eyes, breathing deeply once more. "Very well, perhaps I didn't." He crossed his ankles leisurely and put his hands behind his head as Aragorn pushed himself off and brushed his clothes clean with his hands. "Well, when ever you are finished rolling the grass like an Elfling, camp is set and we should get around a fire when it is dark. Rohan borders Mordor and we had best not forget that," he reminded the prince, who seemed to be only halfway listening. "You were rolling in the grass yourself," Legolas pointed out with a sloppy grin as a cocked a brow and glanced the human's way. He deliberately chose to ignore the comment considering their proximity to Mordor. "Because you tripped me," Aragorn argued lightly, unable to resist a small smile. "And it was funny," snorted the Elf as he tried to contain his laughter and finally lost the battle as a drawn out chuckle nearly sent his body into convulsions. Aragorn just shook his head; too tired to argue when he knew he was going to lose it anyway. Raising his hands, palms towards the Elf as a sign of surrender he muttered under his breath, "Sindar Elves." "Clumsy humans," murmured the prince softly as he allowed himself to sink further into the spongy blades, becoming quite comfortable and less willing to move. It would have been very easy for Aragorn to start up the argument once more and spark a screaming debate but he knew that Elves were not only as merry as children at times but just about as stubborn and he was not in the frame of mind to argue against someone that bull headed right about now. Rolling his eyes, he began to head back towards their camp, looking over his shoulder once to ensure Legolas wasn't sneaking along behind to try some potentially alarming stunt. Smiling as he realized the Elf was still lying in the grass and singing about times when things were less dark and the stars more bright, Aragorn turned his face back towards the east and to where there camp face. Unfortunately, he could still see Mordor's smoldering darkness and flickering lights of evil flame that couldn't really be called 'light'. Shuddering as he remembered crossing even closer to that forbidding land to get here and how Legolas had hardly spoken a word and barely dared to breathe so close to the evil influence, Aragorn felt slightly frustrated that he could still see it from here. And he had noticed in his travels that it seemed to be stretching closer and closer to his friends and family, though he was certain it would be another few years at least before Sauron decided to put any plan into action. And even if it wasn't growing, it seemed to follow you some how, like a painting with "shifting" eyes. Sighing dejectedly as these dark premonitions and thoughts all but ruined this peaceful moment, Aragorn slumped down by the pile of kindling and a few thicker branches he had put together for a merry little fire. Drawing his dagger and a peace of small flint from his boot, the ranger drew the flint quickly in a sweeping motion over the dagger's blade, sharpening it and creating a spark to light the fire with all at once. He was pleased when the spark landed and caught