Once upon a time, there lived a Kingdom ruled by a wealthy King, who had 12 beautiful daughters. Katniss, Johanna, Madge, Foxface, Clove, Glimmer, twins Prim and Rue, and triplets Lily, Daisy, and Posy. The King made a promise to his ill wife before she died, he promised that he would take great care of their daughters. Every night, he would securely lock their door to make sure no one could get in or out. The princesses had nothing to do in that room, so they would spend their time talking about their old friends at night, since they didn't speak to any of them anymore. The one who talked most was Annie. She would always talk about Finnick, a boy she used to play with she was younger. Her sisters knew she had fallen for that boy, but she always denied it. Annie really missed Finnick though, it had been a long time since she last saw him. The twelve princesses hated being locked in that room at night. There was absolutely nothing to do! One evening, Katniss started singing a tune. Annie heard and joined in, then their sisters joined in as well. Everyone was tapping their feet to the beat, so Katniss started tapping the bedpost. As soon as she tapped it three times, her bed diminished and a staircase took it's place! All twelve princesses looked down at the staircase. Then Katniss remembered her mother uttering something before she died. "There's a magical land hidden for you and your sisters..." the Queen had told her eldest daughter. Katniss just nodded, assuming her mother meant that when they got her Will they would own the land. But now she knew that the Queen was talking about this staircase! "Sisters! This is the magical land mother had talked about!" Katniss exclaimed. "Really? Wow!" Posy cried happily. "That's amazing! We totally have to dress up and look super pretty!" Glimmer cried. The sisters all did each other's hair and makeup and got their best ball dresses and dancing shoes on, then they slowly crept down the stairs. When they reached the bottom of the staircase, there was a magical land. It had beautiful trees and soft grass, the sky was bright and beautiful, and the flowers were magnificent. There was a castle, and the princesses ran there immediately. The girls ran all around the castle. Clove and Johanna found a soccer ball and kicked it around. Madge and Foxface found a bookshelf and were reading. Lily, Daisy, and Posy found a sandbox and were playing in it. Glimmer found a mirror and was fixing her hair, and Katniss and Annie were singing. Rue and Prim didn't know what to do. "How about we keep exploring this place?" Rue asked. "Sure!" Prim replied. They searched around and found a dance floor. The twins smiled and started to dance and laugh happily. The other sisters heard and found the twins, then joined them! The girls had so much fun on the dance floor, they danced the night away! But they knew they had to go back home. "We'll come back tomorrow night, okay?" Annie asked Posy, who nodded sadly. The triplets didn't want to go home, but they were, in fact, very tired. The girls headed up the stairs and their hair magically turned back to normal, their dresses magically turned back into their nightgowns, and their makeup magically diminished. They placed their shoes next to their beds and lied down to sleep. "Girls," the King said softly, knocking on their door. Annie got up weakly and opened it. "Good morning, Father." "Why do you all seem so tired?" The King asked, noticing the other girls walking around the room like zombies. "I guess we didn't sleep well." Annie replied. The girls didn't think they should tell their father about the magical land, or else he'd keep them away from it! "And your dancing shoes..." The King said, seeing the shoes next to the princesses' beds. "They're completely worn out!" "We've been sleeping soundly, Father." Katniss said, walking over with Johanna. "But your sister said you didn't sleep well." The King replied. "Oh..." Katniss said. "We slept. We were sleeping." Johanna said, "See you downstairs." "Alright..." The King turned around and went downstairs. "That was a close one." Annie sighed. "Yeah!" Johanna agreed. "Let's just get dressed and go downstairs." Katniss said, and her two sisters nodded. That night, Katniss knocked on the bedpost three times, and the staircase appeared. The twelve sisters walked in with their dancing shoes on, and were magically changed into their appearances from the night before, with their hair and makeup done, and their ballgowns on. They walked through the beautiful land to the castle, and immediately headed to the dance floor where they danced the night away...again! It was amazing! The girls had so much fun, but when they went home that night, they were even more tired. The next morning, the King knocked on their door again, and this time Clove opened it. "Morning, Father." "Good morning, Clove... You girls seem..." "Great? That's good, because we are great! We slept super well last night." Glimmer said, walking next to Clove. "Sure..." The King was just staring at the shoes next to the beds. How could they be so worn out? He just shrugged it off and looked back at his daughters. "See you downstairs." he turned around and walked. If they said they were sleeping, they had to have been sleeping. The shoes were probably just worn out because of the parties the girls had been to throughout the year. The twelve dancing princesses. That's what they started calling themselves. Annie had actually come up with the name. They'd been going to that magical castle dance floor every night for the past couple of months. The King had started becoming curious about the worn out shoes, he wondered if they were really worn out from all those parties, because they seemed to be worse every morning. He never said anything though, so that his daughters wouldn't think he was curious. He started bringing their shoes to get polished and fixed up, but every morning he'd find them more worn out than the last! Now he knew something was up with his daughters. He decided he couldn't keep quiet about it anymore, and that was possibly the worst decision he ever made, because the girls caught on to him. "I have been noticing odd behaviour from my daughters, the Princesses. They are always really, really tired, and their beautiful dancing shoes always seem to be worn out! I wish to find out what this behaviour is, so one lucky man from the Kingdom will get to spend three nights here in our guest room to try and figure it out. If he can't, I will find another man and give him three days. If someone does find this out, they will get to marry one of my daughters... Let the auditions begin!" The King announced. The guest room was so big that there was actually a hallway to get to the door, and a buzzer to open it without having to walk down that hall! There were many men waiting outside the castle to spend three nights there. During the three nights one of them stayed, the King wouldn't lock the girls' bedroom door like he usually did. The princesses were smarter than their father, though. He thought he could use some smart, tough guy to find out their secret, but they had a plan. The first guy that came in was some rich guy from the valley. When he was walking to his room, Katniss offered him a glass of "special" water. The water had an ingredient inside it that made someone fall asleep almost immediately. It had a great taste, so the she just told him it was their secret ingredient. The guy took it and Katniss left, then the sisters danced all night while the guy slept soundly. They gave him a glass of their special water the other two nights as well, so he didn't find out their secret, and the King had to call someone new. The Princesses did the same thing to the next man. Each time a guy was offered special water, it was a different Princess giving it. All the men took it, so all the men ended up sleeping while the princesses danced. They were confident their secret was going to be kept safe. The King was becoming desperate. No one could find out what his daughters were doing! What was he going to do? One evening, a lonely young soldier by the name of Finnick was limping down the road. Though he was young, he'd become a soldier for the Kingdom and was a great fighter. But when his leg was badly injured, he had no choice but to leave the army. For quite some time he didn't know what to do, so he was travelling towards the castle to see if Annie was there. He missed her so much, and he had bought a ring too, because he wanted to ask her to marry him! Just a couple of minutes ago, he'd learned of the King's demand to find out what his daughter's were up to when he overheard a conversation of two people. "I can do it, I can make it to the castle, and I can find out what those girls are up to... But most of all, I want to see Annie again. It's been such a long time..." Finnick said to himself. "Don't worry, young Finnick, you'll see your beloved again." a woman's voice told him. "What? My beloved? How did you know?" "I know you like her. You've been in love with her for, like, ever." "Yeah, I have been in love with her... Who are you anyways?" Finnick asked, sitting down on the side of the road. "I'm a mysterious magical woman. I heard you and wanted to help." a shadowy figure appeared next to him. "Whoa!" Finnick exclaimed when he saw her. "Take this." she said, handing him a black cape, "When you wear it, it will make you invisible, and you'll be able to walk through walls and stuff. Perfect to sneak around near the Princesses." "Thank you." Finnick answered. "Also, do not drink the glass of special water they offer you. It will make you sleep, and you won't get anything done." the mysterious woman warned. "Okay, I won't. Thank you so much, mysterious girl!" Finnick told her. "You're very welcome." the woman answered, then she disappeared. "I should be at the castle soon, maybe tonight will be my first night to spend there!" Finnick said excitedly, he got up, took the folded cape, and continued limping along the road. The King was sitting in his chamber, wondering what to do about his daughters. He wanted to give up on asking guys to figure it out, because they all sucked. He was about to announce it on his intercom, when there was a knock at his door. "Sir, a young, wounded soldier is here to see you." one of the guards said. "Send him in." The King answered. The guard nodded and a bronze haired boy limped in. "Your majesty." he said, bowing the best he could, "My name is Finnick, and I'm here to see if I can find out what's going on with your daughters..." "Sure. You're hired. But just as a warning, no one else was able to figure it out, so I don't know if you'll be able to." The King sighed. "I'll try my best, Sir." Finnick answered. The guard took Finnick to the guest room. "Girls, there's a new guy here!" Foxface exclaimed. "Really? I thought dad was going to give up on that!" Johanna sighed. "Me too! I guess he didn't." Foxface replied. "It's Annie's turn to bring the special water!" Clove announced. Annie nodded and was about