Once upon a time, in a kingdom deep in the ocean, a King lived with his seven beautiful mermaid daughters. The girls were named Katniss, Primrose, Johanna, Rue, Glimmer, Clove, and Annie. When a mermaid turned 16, she could visit the shore, but only once. "And NO contact with humans. They're dangerous." warned the King. Annie was the youngest of her sisters. She had dark, flowing brown hair, and green eyes. When she finally turned 16, Annie visited the shore. She absolutely adored it! When she came back, everyone was happy for Annie. Her sisters were proud that she now saw what they did. Annie developed an obsession with humans. She longed to be one herself! The day after her birthday, Annie secretly swam back to the shore and observed the humans again. She did this every day, getting closer and closer each time. Annie wished that she could talk to the humans, or walk on those things that would replace a mermaid's tail...oh yes, legs! Annie absolutely admired humans. Annie loved to sing, and she wrote many, many songs about how much she admired humans and wanted to be one. One day, she heard some people on the beach discussing that their Prince, who lived in the palace on the beach, was going to be celebrating his 17th birthday the next day. Annie wanted to watch them celebrate. The next night, Annie swam to where the Prince's boat was. She was close enough to see the people aboard the huge boat and hear them talking. Annie saw two people on the deck, the rest must have been below. There was a breeze in the air, but the wind was picking up rather quickly... "Cato, you seen Prince Finnick?" one of the crew members asked. He had light, ashy blond hair and bright blue eyes. He was leaning on the side of the ship. "No, I haven't seen him around, Peeta." the other, Cato, answered. He had darker blond hair and blue eyes. He was standing on a higher part of the deck. "FINNICK! GET OUT HERE! You have to enjoy this view while you can, a storm's on the way!" Peeta cried, while Cato stared out at the ocean. Another boy, Finnick, came out onto the deck. He was surely the most handsome boy Annie had ever seen. His bronze coloured hair blew in the wind, and his green eyes seemed so kind and loving. Annie immediately fell in love with this boy. "You're right, Peeta. I have to enjoy this view while I can." Finnick said, walking to the very front of the ship and looking out. The wind blew more fiercely. "It looks like this wind is picking up," Peeta noticed. "What?" Finnick asked, unable to hear Peeta's voice over the howling wind. "I said the wind seems to be picking up!" Peeta shouted. "Oh! I know right!" Finnick shouted back. "Guys," Cato called from the higher deck, "Get below!" "It's MY ship, I want to pilot it out of this mess!" Finnick cried. "It's too dangerous! We have to hide!" Cato said, as the wind mixed with rain. "Come on, Finnick!" Peeta said, trying to use the side of the boat to help himself walk. Finnick did the same, but neither of them were getting anywhere. The rain was so loud, they could barely hear a thing. The wind was howling as if they had many dogs surrounding them. There was so much rain, Finnick and Peeta could barely see each other. "Are you guys below deck?" Cato cried. "No!" Peeta answered, he had a pretty firm grip on the side of the ship. But Finnick's grip was weakening, and he was slipping on the wet floor. "Finnick, grab my hand." Peeta said, holding out his arm. Finnick tried to reach him, but he couldn't. "Cato! I need your help!" Peeta cried. In a matter of seconds, Cato arrived next to him. "Where's Finnick?" Cato asked. He and Peeta could no longer see anything, the rain was like a wall of fog. "He's at the front of the ship." Peeta answered. Cato looked out. "I-I'm here..." said a voice that came from Finnick but didn't sound like the usual him. "I'll get him," Cato said. Being the strongest out of the three, he was able to use the side of the ship to bring himself to the front. "Do you see Finnick?" Peeta asked. No answer, just silence. "Cato?" Peeta used all the strength he could gather to bring himself to where Cato was. Cato was standing at the front of the ship, staring out at the deck. Finnick was gone. Annie watched, horrified, as the Prince fell off the ship, screaming for dear life. Without hesitation, she started swimming in his direction. Finnick hit the water with such force, he was knocked out. Annie put her arms around him and quickly brought him to the shore. She then placed herself next to him. Annie had never been this close to a human before. She stared at Finnick. He was so...amazing. Annie took the time to study the sleeping boy. She held his hand, ruffled his hair, kissed his forehead. Then Annie started to sing to Finnick. She sang one of the songs she wrote. Her voice was beautiful. She didn't know that Finnick was half awake and could hear her. Just as he was starting to open his eyes, Annie heard voices. There were other people nearby! She quickly dived into the water and hid. "Look! There's a guy!" said the voice of a boy. "That's not just any guy! It's Prince Finnick!" answered the voice of a girl. The couple ran over to Finnick. "Are you awake? Can you hear us?" asked the girl. Finnick let out a small sound. "I'll go get help!" the boy said, then he ran off in the direction of Finnick's ship. Minutes later, he was back with Peeta! "Finnick! You're alive! Thank goodness!" Peeta cried, kneeling next to his friend. "What happened?" "I was...knocked out...but a girl saved me..." Finnick mumbled. "We found him lying here." the boy explained. "The girl was singing to me...brown hair...green eyes...that's all I saw...before she left..." Finnick said, sounding dazed. "She must've ran away." Peeta sighed. Finnick nodded. "Too bad...I wanted to thank her." Annie was screaming on the inside. She saved the Prince. She saved Finnick! He even wanted to thank her! Oh, how she wished she could've stayed with him. The mermaid sighed as she watched as the humans on the beach headed their separate ways. Finnick and Peeta thanked the couple, then the couple went home, and Peeta helped Finnick to get back to his place. Annie slowly swam back to her home. She couldn't get Finnick off her mind. "Hey, Annie! Where've you been?" Katniss asked. "I went for a swim." Annie answered. "Oh, okay..." Katniss answered, as Annie shoved past her and went into her room. Two days passed, and it was driving Annie towards insanity. She hid in her room and screamed out how much she loved Finnick. She would throw tantrums and cry for Finnick to come rescue her. One day, Rue went up to her. "Annie, have you been alright?" Rue asked. "Yes, I'm fine...R...Rue!" Annie answered, almost forgetting her sister's name since her thoughts were trailing off to Finnick. "Did you forget my name?!" Rue asked. "What? Of course not." Annie lied. "Oh...okay..." Rue answered. She and the rest of the sisters noticed Annie's weird behaviour, and went to tell their father. The next day, Annie's father called her in to talk. "Annie, your sisters came to inform me of some...news concerning you yesterday." her father told her. "What was it, father?" Annie asked. Her father sighed. "They said that you've been acting awfully..." "Lovesick?" Annie answered, putting her hand on her heart. Her father raised an eyebrow. "Yes..." he said, "who is he?" "...You don't have to know." Annie told him. "I have the right to know." her father answered calmly. Annie hesitated. "He's a human!" a scared voice cried, it was Primrose! "A...human?! ANNIE! I TOLD you to STAY AWAY from humans!" The King cried. "But father, Prince Finnick's so sweet, and loving, and handsome, and perfect!" Annie responded. "I don't care! They're all DANGEROUS! You are to NEVER go to the surface again, DO YOU UNDERSTAND?!" The King shouted. "No." Annie stated, defiantly looking up at him, "I will not obey." "You are GROUNDED. Go to your room NOW!" The King continued. "But father!" Annie pleaded. "LEAVE!" her father shouted. Annie stared at him, then stormed out to her room and slammed the door behind her! Annie fell onto her and cried. What was she going to do? She had fallen in love with Finnick... Then Annie had an idea. Someone who could help her get to Finnick. Someone who was exiled long ago. Someone evil and maniacal. Someone who Annie dared to go and see... Her father's sister, Serena. Serena was a magical but very evil sea witch. She wasn't very attractive. She had a greyish tail, and other than a regular mermaid's beautiful light skin, Serena's skin was almost orange. She had oily black hair and wore glasses to make her look smarter. Serena had many minions, weird sea creatures of many kinds. Serena absolutely adored turning people into tiny little sea plants with her magic. When her brother became King, Serena tried to destroy him, and after that failed she was exiled. Ever since then, Serena hated her brother and his daughters that she'd never met. While Serena and her minions were thinking of ways to get her the crown, a perfect opportunity came knocking on her door... At first, Annie wasn't sure if she should visit Serena or not. After all, Serena was exiled and rumoured to be super evil...but also super powerful. Annie thought that Serena could help her solve her little situation. Annie slowly swam to Serena's cave. It was dark, and made weird noises. There was a dim light flickering from the end of the cave. "H-Hello?" Annie called out. "Whoever you are, you're a loser." an emotionless voice answered. "I, uh, I'm Annie. I'm your niece, Serena..." Annie stuttered. "Niece? One of my dreaded, stupid nieces?...I mean...Welcome." the voice said, as Serena swam out to the cave entrance. Annie was appalled by Serena's appearance, but she quickly got over it. "I...need your help." Annie sighed. "It's about a guy I like..." "Oh, I see. Come on in." Serena said, leading Annie into the lair. "So you like a guy..." "Yes...but...he's a human..." Annie answered. "A human, eh?" Serena asked. "Yes. It's Prince Finnick." Annie told her. "Well, I suppose I could make a potion...to turn you into a...human." Serena suggested. Annie stared wide-eyed at her. "R-Really?" she asked, astonished. "Yes. But you'll only be a human for THREE DAYS. During those three days, you will have to get a kiss from Finnick. Not a regular friendly one, the kiss of true love! If you get that kiss, you'll get to stay human!" Annie smiled when Serena said that. "But if you don't get that kiss...you'll be my prisoner forever. Understand?" Annie's smile faded as quickly as it showed up. "But...what about my family? I'll never see them again." Annie responded. "You'll have Finnick." Serena told her. "True..." Annie agreed. "Oh, yes, before you say anything else...you're not going to let me give you something without you giving me something in return, are you?" Serena asked, circling around Annie. "I, uh, I don't have any money. I'm broke." Annie answered. "Not money, you imbecile! I want your voice." Serena explained. "M-My voice?" Annie asked, surprised. "Yes!" Serena cried. "But he knows me by my voice. How will I get Finnick to love me if I'm mute?!" Annie questioned. "He'll know it's you! I'm sure he saw at least a glimpse of you." Serena reassured impatiently. "Now, DEAL or No Deal?" "...Deal." Annie answered.