A/N: This is a really random fanfic I wrote a couple years ago of Draco Malfoy and an OC I created. Just found it on my laptop, edited it a tad and voila! Uploaded onto here lolol. Don't hate me. I still ship Dramione all the way. Enter the mind of a pervert... enjoy! Also, this is totally AU and a lot of things probably don't make sense.. enjoy the smut. He watched the sinful sway of her hips as she danced on the stage. Taking a sip from his current drink, Draco Malfoy leaned back in the leather chaise and simply watched the dark haired beauty tempt every wizard around. Draco came to this establishment every night that she was working. He'd sit in the same chair, drink the same drink, and watch her perform. Once she was done, he'd leave and do whatever he was assigned to do by day, but by nightfall he was in the same exact spot. It's been years, He thought, swirling the fire whiskey around in his glass. She hasn't aged a day. Her long, jet black hair flowed and shimmered under the stage light. A heart shaped face with almost feline-like eyes, button nose, and plump lips covered in red lipstick. She was rather tall compared to the other girls. She was slim, yet her hips were wide and her thighs were thick and Draco simply had to look away as he composed himself. It's been years since the Dark Lord had beaten and killed Harry Potter. It's been years since the death eaters reigned control over all of wizarding London. It's been years since he saw any sort of recognition from the woman on stage. Athena Valentine was a prominent witch back in their Hogwarts days. A Ravenclaw, someone he hated and admired at the same time. Her family was a prestigious pure-blooded family who knew how to stay out of the limelight. They were respected by all, even the Dark Lord himself. So when Athena Valentine was caught lending her amazing intellect with The Resistance, he was lenient with her. Of course that was after he ordered her Crucio'd until the brink of madness. Obliviate her, his orders were. Make sure she had no memories of participating in the war. Make her a victim of the Resistance to make sure her loyalties lie with the Death Eaters. Imperio her to make sure those loyalties remain the same. It was Nott's idea to have her showcase her beauty by being a showgirl. The Dark Lord was able to manipulate Athena's family into this punishment. The Valentines were to remain neutral, and Athena had strayed. Pureblood families were uncharacteristically cold with one another. As long as no permanent harm came to Athena, Voldemort was free to give the order to erase her memory. Draco hesitated with these orders. Sure, he was gifted at spellcasting, but even he could admit that he was no Hermione Granger. He briefly wondered what ever happened to the muggle born witch. He'll never forget the night he arrived to perform the task. She was being held in the Malfoy dungeons. He remembered approaching her cell, seeing how limp she was from the repeated curses thrown her way. He sighed solemnly as he lifted her body up into his arms and carried her to the small cot in the corner. He felt somewhat uneasy at how soft her body was against his, and how peaceful she looked now that the screams had stopped. He supposed it was good thing to obliviate her. He couldn't imagine being crucio'd for this long. Not even Granger was tortured that long. He kneeled beside her, not caring that he was mucking up his pants. His hand reach out and brushed her hair out of her face and he sat there in silence for a few moments, just studying her features. Suddenly, Athena began to stir. Part of Draco wanted to run, Athena was always good at wandless magic. He remembered how she always levitated an apple in between classes using her bare hands. He remembered how she had disarmed a student before she even drew her wand. She was banned from dueling wandless from then on, of course. Her eyes opened slowly, and he caught her cerulean stare. " Come to finish the job?" Her voice croaked, and he silently applauded her resilience. " No," He started. "I'm here to save you." She struggled to sit up. Draco, still being a gentleman despite being a monster, assisted her into an upright position. Athena gazed at him for a few moments, then simply chuckled. " Either you're going to break me out, kill me, or obliviate me and send me somewhere." She mused. Draco raised an eyebrow, is her humor normally this dark? " Well I won't break you out, so which would you prefer?" He asked indifferently, studying the subtle way her hand shook. Just how many times did they curse her? He then realized that she wasn't all there when her hand reached forward and cupped his cheek. Even filthy due to the dungeon's environment, Athena glowed in the moonlight. Her midnight black hair cascaded over her shoulder, the paleness in her skin making her seem almost ethereal. The dark circles under her eye, the blood trickling down the corner of her mouth added a touch of macabre to her beauty. " So handsome," She murmured, leaning in to place a kiss on his lips. He stiffened, eyes widening by a fraction. He leaned back, brushing a few stray strands away from her face. " They've done a number on you," " Yes, yes they have." " I can help you," " With death or obliviation." " Sorry," He replied. Athena leaned back, resting her back against the stone wall. She pondered her choices for what seemed like an eternity before looking up at him. Were those tears in her eyes? He's never seen her cry before. " End it. I refuse to be a shell of who I once was." His eyes closed and he inwardly sighed. Killing her wasn't a part of the plan. " You're sure? Surely the resistance would find a way to restore your memories somehow." " Do you think I'm daft? If they planned on rescuing me, they would have come days ago." He heard her sniffle. Yes, she was definitely crying. "I refuse to become a mindless slave. You have to end it, Malfoy. Please." " Alright, as you wish." She held a hand up to signal him to help her stand. He did so, and she smoother her somewhat unruly hair and tattered clothing before standing straight. She had wobbled a bit, legs weak from the magic torture inflicted upon her. Draco moved out of reflex to stable her, hands moving to grip her shoulders. She was tall, but the top of her head only reached his chin. Athena looked up at him and nodded. " I'm ready." He peered down at her and a part of him relished in the way she looked up at him. They never were this close of proximity with each other while in school. Hell, they barely spoke complete sentences to each other until now. She was always unattainable. Maybe that was why he was so attracted to her. He had virtually every pure-blooded female ready to do anything he asked of them, except for Athena. No one was able to get her in their school days. Against his better judgement, he crooked a finger under her chin and brought her lips to his. It wasn't a steamy kiss, no. It was quick and simple and sometimes Draco couldn't remember if it really happened or if it was all in his imagination. He cradled her cheek in his right hand and pointed his wand against her temple. He stood there, unmoving, for what seem like forever before he finally spoke. " I'm sorry," Draco began. Athena smiled sadly and her eyes fluttered closed. "I can't kill you." Her eyes shot open, a mixture of shock and confusion. "What-?" " Obliviate." He wasn't ordered to kill her, and for that he was glad. The respect and admiration he had for her was much too strong. He stole her memories, installed the new memories of being a well-known dancer, and placed the imperio curse upon her per the Dark Lord's orders. He knew that her magic was too powerful. He knew that someday, she'd figure it out and ultimately hate him for eternity. He watched as her eyes glazed over, and proceeded to open his mouth to speak. " Imperio." He whispered, and the orders his Lord gave him rang in his mind. ' Erase her mind, Malfoy, then control it. Think of it as my reward, young Malfoy. It's not every day that you're able to bend a Valentine. You could make her do… anything.' Draco bowed as he suddenly tasted blood. Since then, he made visiting her a hobby. He hasn't spoken to her since that night, and five years has passed. Her face may not have aged, it was painfully obvious that her body had. He always remembered her to be fairly slim all throughout school, sometimes he joked about her being too skinny. She managed to shed the lanky teenage girl form and develop sinful, womanly curves. He watched as her arched her back and undulated her hips whilst supporting herself on a chair. Flashes of his imagination came roaring at him—his hand gripping her swan-like neck and grinding back into her. He imagined that she would arch her back just like that. She finished her dance, bowed after the round of applace, and left the stage. Draco figured he could leave then, but for some unknown reason he ordered another drink and sat back. The fire whiskey began to fog his mind a bit. He didn't know how long, but a guard had approached him after some time. "Sir Malfoy, she's requesting you in the back." He raised an eyebrow. There was only one 'she' he was associated with in this area. Standing up, he nodded. Following the guard's direction, he approached her room. She has, not since the night she was obliviated, acknowledged him. She never glanced in his direction, and never pulled him from the crowd for her little tease dances. Is she remembering? His heart pounded in his chest and he had to mentally give himself a pep talk. He cleared his throat and knocked on the door. The door opened, and he was met with Athena in a thin robe. Her face was still painted with makeup, sleek midnight hair cascading down her body. He wanted to lick his lips right then and there but fought the urge until he was sure she wasn't looking. He watched as she stepped aside and silently motioned for him to enter. He did so, and the hair on the back of his neck stood up as he heard the door close behind him. Athena remained silent as she walked back to her vanity table, taking a seat on the little stool in front of it. Turning around, she leaned against the table and stared at him. Draco looked in her eyes, expected to see some sort of recognition. He saw none. "You've been coming to this club for as long as I can remember," Her melodic, and feminine voice floated to him. "You stare at me every night as if you're studying me, and yet you made no movements to meet with me." She sighed softly, crossing her legs at the ankles. "Do I know you from somewhere?" Draco blinked and shook his head. "No," He denied. "I just fancy coming to watch you dance. Very soothing." He added, making Athena chuckle. "Well, I'm sure you may already know me as Raven, so there's no need for an introduction on my part." Referring to herself as her false name, she stood up and