Prologue: Late March 2006, Lucius Malfoy's Study Lucius had always found the smell of leather rather comforting. Here, in his private study, where many of the furnishings and nearly all of the books were fashioned of leather, the scent made him want to close his eyes and sigh blissfully. He'd never gotten accustomed to it—even though he had spent untold hours within those very walls. He took a moment to regard the man sitting across from him: Severus appeared utterly at home. His long fingers encircled a highball glass, resting on the arm of a chair; his legs were crossed casually at the knee, allowing for a glimpse of black socks under finely tailored trousers and Italian shoes. One might think he looked…content. Lucius, however, knew better. Apparently, Severus felt Lucius's stare. He shifted in the armchair under Lucius's gaze, the leather underneath him grousing about the change. "You'll find her," Lucius said, breaking the stale silence. The fire sputtered its agreement. Severus swirled his Ogden's Finest and took a long swallow, not meeting Lucius's eye. "Obviously." "Severus…" For reasons he was unable to articulate, Lucius found himself eager to reassure his oldest friend. "She'll leave a trace…a message, perhaps." It was then that the other wizard met Lucius's eye. "Of that, we cannot be certain." Lucius rose from his own chair and strolled toward the fireplace, unwilling to hold Severus's gaze. Would Severus be able to bear another disappointment? Another almost? "She's alive," Lucius said with more conviction than he felt. He traced his fingertips along the edge of the mantel, and thought of Severus's last two attempts at finding the witch. "Fools at the Ministry," he muttered. Severus gave an almost imperceptible shrug. "They have always been fools, and they have never aspired to more than that." "Agreed," Lucius said. "We'll try again." Four Months Prior, December 2005 "You won't want me. Trust me, once you see it, you won't!" Hermione clutched her blouse at the neck, twisting it closed. Her face pricked with colour, darkening the residual pink of their near-intimacy into flame. Severus laughed bitterly at the sudden turnabout in her demeanor. Well, that's what I get for suggesting we leave the light on so I can watch her eyes in the firelight. He forced himself to breathe through the rejection. "This is about a scar? You haven't managed to see mine within the last year?" He yanked his sleeve upward to expose a faded brand on the inside of his left arm. "Don't laugh at me!" she shrieked, and tightened the grip on her shirt. "I'm not laughing at you!" He collapsed into a chair across from her, leaned forward, and put his head in his hands. Things had been going so well this evening—until they were nearly free of their clothes. "I'm not laughing at you," he repeated, but this time his words were gentle. "I simply cannot understand why you would concern yourself—" He stopped abruptly as a sob escaped her lips. Severus looked at her, bewildered. "Hermione, what—" She shook her head violently as if to say don't come near. His witch was never this fragile, never this dramatic. "It's more than just the scar, isn't it?" She didn't say anything for a long moment. Then: "Poppy…Poppy believes that the curse that caused my scar will kill me eventually," she whispered. "And I believe her." He ignored the stab of disquiet in his gut. "It is likely Poppy does not fully understand all the aspects of dark magic…" "It's not only Poppy, Severus. The Healers at St Mungo's agreed with her assessment. It's not only ugly—the curse will kill me," Hermione said. "I should have told you before, but I just couldn't, somehow." "No. My potion healed you." Hermione reached for his hand, freeing a swath of wrinkled fabric on the front of her blouse. "It's no criticism of your work, Severus. You saved my life. The potion kept me alive." She smiled softly, her face wet with tears. "But, I still need to take it every day, and it's not working as well as it used to—" "Then we'll find something else. I'll develop something else. There are more options, more possibilities." "What we need is more information on how the curse was initially developed. Who created it, and when. What other magic it was based upon. We can develop a counter, and I can be rid of it completely—forever." "Dolohov is dead. If there was a way to find out more about the curse, we— I would have done that already." Hermione swallowed. "I've been thinking about this. There is a way." Hermione reached for her bag and drew out a thin, gold chain. It glittered in the firelight. "I'm…leaving, Severus. I'm going back to get the info I need." "Impossible. You cannot travel that far. It will only take you back five hours, at most. Croaker's Law clearly states—" "I've modified it. I read about another—presumably lost—that defies Croaker's Law. I based my modifications on the description of how that one had been spelled with time-magic." "The possibilities of alternate timelines…the risk to your person…" He was impressed, in spite of the situation—impressed even though Hermione would be going back to when the Dark Lord was alive. The Dark Lord … Cold fear seized him. "Let me. And I can get into the places you can't—the places where Dolohov might have gone. The Dark Lord's wards will recognize me." "No. It's not your fight. It's mine." "That's ridiculous—and also untrue." At the very least, he would not let her go back alone. "If you won't let me go on your behalf, I will come with you." "Absolutely not. You're still subject to the Probation Trace until May. If you disappear, you'll wind up in Azkaban the moment you return." She fingered the hourglass hanging from the golden chain. "Besides," she added, with another small smile, "I'll need you when I get back to help me with designing a counter-curse, and you can't do that if they snap your wand." Severus leaned forward. "It's far too dangerous. We can figure out something here, now." "I can take care of myself," she said, straightening her back. "I have experience with war—and time—remember?" Severus didn't say anything for a minute. "What are you not telling me?" he finally asked. Hermione sighed. "The symptoms are getting worse at an accelerating rate. And honestly, I…don't think I can wait six months for you to come with me. I might not…" The words seemed to vanish on her tongue. He met her eye. "Going back may mean that you die in the past. Alone." "I won't." "Hermione—" "I'll be back so quickly, you'll never even have a chance to miss me." She reached for his hand. "You won't be rid of me that easily, Severus Snape." He moved from the chair to settle next to her on the bed, and wrapped his arms around her small body, allowing the smell of her to soak into his skin. She began to shake in his embrace. He let his brave Gryffindor cry. Later, after they had made love in his room illuminated by a single, tiny taper, she lay her head on him, the soft skin of her cheek caressing his chest. "Hermione," he whispered. "I want you to be my wife." He felt her face move into what he imagined to be a smile, and a moment later, his chest was wet with her tears. "Severus…" she breathed. He reached to his side table—trying his best not to disturb her—and retrieved the velvet box that he had intended to be a gift on New Year's Eve. He felt around in the darkness and placed it in her hand. "Lumos," she whispered. The gentle wandlight lit her face enough for him to see her brown eyes shining with wonder as she removed the ring from the box. "It was my mother's, given to her by her mother. I know it's not…but…I would be honoured if you would accept it." "Yes." As she twisted it onto her finger, her eyebrows raised in shock; she looked down at it wonderingly. "Everything is going to be all right. I know it now," she said confidently. "It's yours. I like to think of it as something outside the binding of time, connecting you not only to me, but to generations of my family." "I love you," she whispered, and kissed him until all other thought had long vanished from his mind. The next morning, she was gone. After meeting Severus's eye, Hermione had pulled the Merlin-forsaken thing from beneath her blouse, and gave it three turns. The pendant had rotated in her delicate fingers, as her eyes watched him in a combination of hope and fear. She had blurred, and then she was gone. Severus sat there, stoically; his shields prevented raw panic from taking control, and guarded him from the clawing fear that had seeped into his chest and threatened to keep the air from his lungs. Each moment was more agonizing than the last. With each minute, she felt more lost to him. And with each passing second, the likelihood of her return diminished. After three days of waiting for her reappearance at Spinner's End—three days of torture, frustration, and madness—he realized he would have to petition for help from Hermione's employer, the one place he despised above all others: The Ministry of Magic. "Commissioner Marlowe," Severus said, inclining his head slightly, "I believe the paperwork is in order." "I did, in fact, receive your request." Marlowe smiled thinly and then began to shuffle the parchment on the desk in front of him until he located the correct one. "If you would, Headmaster Snape. You claim Miss Granger is in the past trying to discover the origination of the curse that injured her during the Battle of the Department of Mysteries." Marlowe's thin smile soured slightly, perhaps with envy or perhaps, with disbelief. "We have no evidence that she has used her Time-Turner for this purpose." "You have my permission to use Legilimencyor any other means, including Veritaserum, to confirm my claim ." Severus let his lips twist into a sneer. Marlowe's face soured further. "Regardless, Matron Poppy Pomfrey's testimony suggests Miss Granger's health has been deteriorating so rapidly that there is virtually no chance Miss Granger could still be living, no matter where—or when—she is. Or was , as the case may be." He allowed himself a tiny chuckle at his own joke. Composing himself, Marlowe added, "The Ministry considers her already deceased." "Testimony? Why would this particular matter require submitted testimony?" The Ministry official ignored his question. "As I'm sure you're aware, outside of the Time-Turner in Miss Granger's possession, only one survives. It is reserved for use during…grave emergencies. Of which this is not." "She is weakened by the very curse that she was researching and has not returned. I cannot see how this situation would not be considered grave." "Miss Granger is only one witch, Headmaster Snape, and we do not loan Time-Turners out just to save one witch's life." That's my witch you're talking about, you callous fuck. Marlowe cleared his throat under Severus's stare. "Miss Granger has—rather, had special permission to use Time-Turners, and that has never been officially revoked. You, however, do not." "Commissioner Mar—" "In all likelihood, Miss Granger is dead," he said, suddenly businesslike. "May I remind you that the terms of your probation do not allow you to leave your current place—or time?" "Surely this situation calls for a temporary suspension of my probation. In all likelihood , I will return within moments of leaving." "The Ministry cannot be assured of that." Marlowe curled his lips into an approximation of a smirk. "Your request to use the Time-Turner is hereby denied." Severus stared at the man, narrowing his eyes. " Headmaster Snape," the commissioner said snidely, "Will that be all?" At that, Severus turned on his heel and strode