Lucius squinted over the rim of his Ogden's, assessing the guests milling around his expansive ballroom. Merlin, it was always the same. Without Cissy—and Severus, if he were honest—his life was a series of one boring event after another. He glanced at his son, who was standing next to him, also surveying the crowd. Draco smirked. "Another brilliant party, Father," he commented without turning. Lucius pursed his lips. "Yes. Brilliant." He took a sip of his Ogden's. The murmurs of the crowd filled the room as Loddy opened the double doors to the ballroom entrance and stood aside. Lucius raised an eyebrow. If it isn't Hermione Granger. She looked, well, lovely . "It appears the evening has just gotten more interesting," Lucius said, not taking his eyes from the woman who was bending down and thanking his house elf. "If you will excuse me, Draco." The petite witch was dressed in a teal silk gown, her hair swept up in a chignon, exposing an elegant, bare neck. No longer an awkwardly-skinny late-teen, the woman gracing his ballroom appeared both beautiful and confident beyond her years. Exactly when had he seen her last? "Miss Granger." "Lord Malfoy—" She inclined her head slightly. He felt his lips curl in a genuine smile. "Lucius, please." "Lucius, then." She smiled back at him. "Thank you for the invitation." "I'm flattered you came. And, quite frankly, surprised. This is not your typical venue." "And what is my typical venue?" she countered. "A cramped office filled with teetering stacks of parchment, an army of dirty coffee cups, and several days of unread Prophets , guarded by a mildly annoying secretary." She laughed, her brown eyes sparkling. "I never leave the Prophet unread." "What made you change your mind and accept my invitation this time? Need something to occupy you, rather than revising bills on house elf rights?" She seemed to be contemplating how to best respond to his jibe, when Colpy appeared to offer her a glass of champagne. "Forgive me, Miss Granger. I meant no insult. I'm dreadfully bored. I'm afraid I've taken to suffusing myself with drink in order to get through these monthly parties." Lucius took a swallow of his Ogden's as if to emphasize his point. "It tends to loosen my tongue." She raised an eyebrow. "To get through them?" He leaned down to whisper in her ear. "They seem remarkably similar after a while." "I can't imagine that," she whispered back conspiratorially. "Ah. But you would agree after a few months." He swirled his glass and took a sip. "Perhaps to alleviate my…weariness, Miss Granger, you might allow me to give you a personal tour of other parts of the Manor." "How generous of you." "Perhaps we should start with the library. If I recall, you are rather fond of books." Lucius motioned for her to follow, and led her to the entryway, which opened into an expansive hall. "You never answered my question," he said, over the echo of their footfall against the marble floor. "About why I chose to attend tonight?" She kept her gaze forward. "To be honest, I'm a bit bored after the war. Days, weeks, months seem much the same." As they strolled down the hall, a house elf appeared with a soft POP. "Do Master and Miss require refreshment?" "Not at this time, Colpy." The house elf disappeared. Another materialized. "Master Malfoy, Lord and Lady Greengrass have arrived." "Serve the Greengrasses the charcuterie platter I reserved for them, Hanpy." "Of course, Master Malfoy." As that servant disappeared, Loddy arrived. "Master Malfoy has asked Loddy to inform him when Lord Alaric Avery and Madam Burke arrive." "Ensure Avery is prevented from imbibing an entire bottle of Firewhisky, and keep Madam Burke out of the master wing, as always." "Yes, Master Malfoy." The creature bowed, bending at the waist low enough for its ears to brush the marble floor before it Disapparated. The witch turned to him as they continued down the hall. "Just how many elves do you have, Lucius?" "Here at the Manor? Seventeen." "Seventeen? I was under the impression that you lived here alone." "I do, Miss Granger." "Certainly you have no need for so many house elves, then." "You would be surprised. Many of the elves are dedicated to a single room. And many of them have positions and responsibilities they would strongly prefer not to give up." She pressed her lips together. "I am well aware of the bill you are seeking to put forth in the Wizengamot, changing the status of house elves to employees," he said levelly. She had the good grace to blush. "I—" "Let's not spoil the evening with politics." He indicated a heavy wood door. "Ah, here we are." Lucius opened the door and stood aside so she could walk past him. She gasped. "I never imagined it would be this size. It's…it's…impossibly large." Abandoning Lucius at the entrance, she wandered into the room, her eyes sparkling. "Most Malfoy assets are," he mumbled. She raised an eyebrow at him, smiling wryly. "Stop teasing me, Lucius." Lucius turned at the sound of a house elf arriving at the doorway. "Master Malfoy, may Lindy help you with something in the library?" the elf asked, eyes wide with anticipation. "I'm giving a personal tour to Miss Granger, Lindy. So, no." "Thank you, Master Malfoy. Should Master Malfoy need assistance, Master Malfoy will call Lindy," the elf said eagerly. "Yes, of course." The creature scooted away. Lucius cleared his throat. "As you might guess, this is one of the rooms that has a dedicated house elf. Lindy's sole focus is to keep the library and its contents organized. Lindy is part librarian, part housekeeper, and part constable," he said, huffing a laugh at the last. "Perhaps a position you might be envious of." "Sounds delightful, actually. Perhaps I should consider tendering my resignation at the Ministry and pursuing something along those lines," she quipped. "A truly excellent idea, Miss Granger," he said, smirking. "Perhaps I will extend you such an offer." Hermione huffed her own laugh. "How many volumes are in this collection?" "I'm not exactly certain, as Lindy is authorized to acquire additional volumes as she sees fit. It is larger than the Hogwarts library, and rivals that of the Ministry Archives—if that gives you a means of estimation. There are entire sections in Ancient Greek and Latin. Shall I call Lindy—?" "That's not necessary, but thank you." She wandered farther into the room, brushing the tips of her fingers along the leather spines. "It's gorgeous." As are you. Lucius allowed her to roam for a few minutes, watching her as she examined books and lifted her eyes to the stacks on the second floor, enraptured. At length, he said, "I believe it is time we made our way back." Her face fell. "Of course." It was obvious the witch was trying to hide her disappointment—and failing. "We wouldn't want our disappearance to appear on the front page of tomorrow's Prophet , now would we?" "You don't have power over what's printed on the front page?" she teased. Lucius chuckled. "Not anymore, I'm afraid." As he closed the oak doors behind them, he couldn't help but notice the look of loss in her eyes. "Perhaps you will consider visiting the Malfoy Library on another occasion, Miss Granger. The library has much, much more to offer than what you've seen this evening." "More?" she asked, looking up at him incredulously as they strolled back toward the ballroom. "Yes. Other rooms, other…collections." "Other collections?" "Far more intriguing than what you've glimpsed this evening. The library's first floor is primarily for research, the second, for more esoteric endeavors, the third…the third houses a private collection for…play." "Play?" she asked, her eyebrows rising. "Haven't you ever played with the resources in your library?" he asked, cocking an eyebrow at her. "I never came across any resources to play with." "Perhaps you are gracing the wrong libraries," Lucius said, with a wry smile as they entered the ballroom once more. She smirked back at him. "Perhaps." o0o0o0o Lucius spent the remainder of the evening—outside of managing his guests through his house elves—watching Hermione Granger, and becoming more and more and captivated with her. "Hanpy." The elf appeared at his side with a soft POP. "Yes, Master Malfoy?" "Personally ensure that Miss Granger receives an invitation to next month's gala." "Of course, Master Malfoy." o0o0o0o The curly haired witch haunted Lucius's waking thoughts and nightly dreams for the next several weeks. And although Miss Granger had indicated that she would attend the next party at Malfoy Manor, Lucius was reduced to pacing—and finishing several glasses of Ogden's—while waiting for her to arrive on the night in question. Roughly fifteen minutes after the gala's official start time, she appeared at the entrance to the ballroom, smiling and glancing around. She caught his eye, and Lucius walked over to greet her. "Miss Granger. How lovely to see you again," he said, taking her hand and pressing his lips to it gently. Merlin, her skin smelled…delightful. "And you, Lord Malfoy, eh...Lucius." "I was hoping to see you this evening." "You were?" "I've been anxious to show you more of the library." "Really?" she asked playfully. "Yes. You seemed so fascinated last time." He motioned to the entranceway. "We managed to avoid the Prophet last time. Shall we see if we can accomplish that again?" o0o0o0o Lucius gazed at the petite witch, allowing his lips to curl in a smile. He had spent the last ten minutes watching her wander the first floor of the library, her honey brown eyes glistening in delight. How long had it been since someone had caught his attention? What would it be like to have her here all the time? The next question was past his tongue before he could stop it. "I have a proposal for you, Miss Granger." "A self-serving one, no doubt," she said, pursing her lips in amusement as she turned to regard him from the shelves. Lucius laughed. "No doubt. But before you judge me too harshly, or push your latest bill through the Wizengamot, there is something I would like to offer you." He took a step toward her. "Next month, I'm opening my summer home in Cote d'Azur. It has a library—not quite as extensive as this one, but similar." Her lips parted in surprise. "My house elf, Lindy, has…requested to oversee the opening of it this year. I'm inclined to allow it, should I have a suitable replacement for her here." Lucius met her eye. "Perhaps you would consider taking Lindy's place at Malfoy Manor—temporarily, of course, until she returns." "I don't—" "When we last spoke, you mentioned you would enjoy having Lindy's position—in jest, of course. Quite frankly, I believe it's a rather interesting idea. You would be in charge of the Malfoy Manor library for several weeks, and have access to its collections, with the notable exception of one on the third floor. As an added benefit, you would gain first-hand knowledge of the responsibilities of a house elf in my employ, which should aid you in your negotiations with the Wizengamot." Lucius felt a smile threaten the edges of his mouth. "Over the course of your employ, you may find that I am not as harsh to my servants as you believe." The witch didn't say anything for a moment; she continued to roam, occasionally touching a leather volume or gasping in surprise at something she found. "Actually, it's an intriguing offer," she said finally. "I assume you would like to see a bit more of the library before making your decision. It would be but a…preview of what awaits should you accept my proposal." "You are hoping to sway my decision." "Of course." "There is a small price, of course, for the preview." Hermione raised an eyebrow, a smirk gracing her lips. "Isn't there always?" Lucius laughed. "In this case, the price