Disclaimer: The characters are not mine. Warning for dark themes Darkest before dawn Hands roamed her body and Effie squeezed her eyes shut in the darkness of the room. The man on top of her grunted, his chest sleek with sweat and his breath smelled of tobacco. Effie shuddered and bit her lip to prevent herself from crying out. He rolled off her and ran his hand down her shoulder to the curves of her hip where it rested as he fell asleep. The goose bumps never left her skin. When she was sure that he was asleep and dead to the world, Effie made her way slowly to the bathroom, staggering. The spot between her legs felt sore. She retched and heaved into the toilet bowl. The bile rose up in her stomach, the metallic taste lingered in her mouth. She felt dirty and disgusted. Each time, every time some man sullied her body, she would end up in the bathroom desperately trying to keep the contents of her stomach in. She tiptoed out of the bathroom, the plush carpet lining up the hotel suite absorbing the sound of her delicate feet. She glanced briefly at the balding man sprawled on the bed, his ring-covered fingers lying splayed across his huge belly. Effie clutched her stomach, the disgust once again taking over her. She choked back a sob. Quickly, she left the hotel room and made her way back to the Penthouse. XxX "Had a good time, sweetheart?" Haymitch barked out a harsh laugh. "Partying with your friends? Celebrating District Twelve's first volunteer?" "You're drunk, Haymitch. You don't know what you're talking about." She pinched the bridge of her nose. She was exhausted and she didn't want to have to deal with Haymitch. She needed a shower. Her skin was tingling and the need to scrub it raw was overwhelming. She had to rub off the feel of that man's touch from her, to scrub it until she could no longer feel him on her. Her revulsion with her own body had reached its limit and her urge to destroy it almost overrode her senses. She had considered ending her life but she could never go through it. The desperate young woman had spent hours sitting on the ledge of a rooftop at her apartment building one night, her life flashing before her mind's eyes. In the end, hours after the moon had risen; Effie stood up with shaky feet and made her way back into her apartment. I can't let Snow win. Haymitch walked towards her and swayed lightly on his feet. No , Effie thought, he isn't that drunk, not if he could still walk steadily on his feet. He lifted his hand and Effie watched as it moved closer to her face. This were the pair of hands that had rubbed her shoulder awkwardly when he walked in on her crying one evening five years ago. He had surprisingly gentle hands, something that should not belong to brash men like those standing before her. He had tried to soothe her even though he wasn't even aware of the reason behind the tears. Those hands would not harm her but still she flinched when his thumb smeared the tear track marring her almost perfect skin. She hadn't realised that she had been crying. She blinked. Rings on each finger, hands that had touched her in places she did not want to be touched just hours ago - the mental images invading her mind. "Don't touch me," she snapped. He retracted his hand. His eyes hardened and Effie saw the hurt in it. His voice was cold when he spoke next. "You smell of cigarette and sex." She averted his gaze, her cheeks burning with embarrassment and shame. She brushed past him but his hand closed around her upper arm. He leaned in inches from her ear and whispered, his warm breath tickling her skin. "Did you let him touch you or were you as snappy with him as you were with me? He wouldn't have like that. I suppose that would explain the bruise on the corner of your lips." Her eyes widened. She hadn't bothered looking in the mirror. Couldn't bear to face and look at herself. She had dressed hastily and left the room. It was already dark by then. She had assumed that nobody would be awake to see her. Of course, things always went wrong when it came to her. Haymitch had to be awake and he wasn't drunk today of all days. She yanked her hand from his grip and turned her face towards his, the fire burning in her eyes. "Don't ever speak to me like that ever again, Mr. Abernathy. You don't know half the things you claim you know." "Back to formalities, Effie?" He stared her down and she held her ground. He broke the gaze and gave her a curt nod. "Have a good night then, Ms. Trinket," The tone in his voice was mocking her. XxX Effie sunk into the bathtub, letting the warm water soak her. Her skin was red and raw from where she had scrubbed them earlier. She cursed that man and the Capitol. She cursed Haymitch for the stunt he pulled during the reaping and she cursed herself for her stupidity. It was what had gotten her in trouble. She became an Escort and had watched helplessly as her first tribute was slain mercilessly in the bloodbath. Something woke in her, something clicked into place. She became increasingly restless as the numbers of the children she had unwittingly murdered grew over the years, the list of names getting longer. One day, in the privacy of her own room, she had cried and railed against the Capitol. She had cursed them angrily, wishing ill will on President Snow. How was she to know that her own house was bug? That they had been listening? Politics was never one of Effie's strong points. She had never understood the game. She knew now that when someone was given power, they lived in constant fear of losing it and in order not to lose it, the threats had to be eliminated. The Peacekeepers came for her the next morning. When they took off the bag covering her face, the smiling face of President Snow swam in her vision. Her stomach twisted. There was nothing kind about that smile. Her way of thinking was unbecoming of a Capitol citizen; she was a traitor for doubting the hand that had fed her. At that moment, Effie was a threat and she needed to be streamlined back to the masses, her thoughts put back on track. She had no living family member Snow could use to threaten her. Snow thought he had no way to persuade Effie to fall in line but he had mentioned the punishment meted out to Haymitch for his stunt and Snow was perceptive enough to notice how she had tensed up at the mention of Haymitch's name. Effie wasn't always good at acting and it had cost her. As a reminder to her that Snow alone controlled the fate of his people, Effie was sold to the highest bidder with the threat of Haymitch's death hanging over her head. President Snow was a vindictive man. Effie saw a human in him but there was no humanity left in his heart. It was as black as the night skies - the paranoia and the hatred had corroded it. He seemed hellbent on blaming Effie for everything that could go wrong with the District Twelve team. When Haymitch had punched a Peacekeeper during the victory banquet two years ago, Effie spent the night paying for his mistake. Like Effie, Haymitch had no one left for Snow to threaten. And Haymitch couldn't be sold the way Effie and Finnick were. Nobody wanted to buy and sleep with a drunk. He might have been a handsome victor once but he was too much trouble now, more than what it was worth. Snow had thought that he had come up with the perfect plan. Surely, the Capitol Escort would have informed the troublesome Victor that she had to pay for his mistakes? Surely, the thought of someone else taking his fall would keep him in line? But Effie had kept quiet. She never said a word. Haymitch was bitter and angry. She could feel the underlying current of deadly electricity coursing through him each time the Capitol made a grand entertainment or laughed about his dead tributes. He had his family killed, his girl murdered - he didn't need to know that Effie was on the list of people he couldn't protect. The knowledge would kill him and Effie didn't need his protection. She wrapped herself in etiquette and manners, constantly reprimanding Haymitch and reminding him to uphold those values. She had hoped that he would listen even if for a bit but the more she commented on his lack of manners, the more she tried to groom him - the worse he got. He had done it to spite her but he failed to realize that she had to pay for it - with her body. Tonight was payment for his mistake too. Effie closed her eyes as the event during the Reaping swam before her mind's eyes. "Lots of ... Spunk. More than you!" Haymitch had shouted. Effie's breath hitched and caught in her throat. Stop, please stop, she had pleaded silently. "More than you!" and this time he pointed his fingers straight and directly into the camera. Effie stared at him hard and swallowed painfully before slipping back into her act. After the Tributes' parade, she was called to the President's office. She stood in front of his desk as his eyes swept her from head to toe. She schooled her expression into a guilty apologetic mask. "You failed yet again, Ms Trinket. You have allowed your mentor to disgrace our very nation. I expected better from you." "Yes, sir. I -" "You know what will happen. Do tell him to behave himself, won't you?" She was dismissed and two days later, she ended up in a hotel suite with a balding man sporting an expensive suit. Julius Hoffman. XxX "Tell him," Finnick whispered, as he leaned against the wall of an empty alley. "I can't, Finnick." She shook her head. He exhaled and Effie could tell that he was frustrated. "You've done well to keep up your act, to be the good citizen you're expected to be. But lately, it's all for him, Effie - all for his misconduct." "I don't know how - he won't understand. He hated the Capitol so much, he'll think I'm bluffing, or... Or he'll think I deserve it." This time, it was Finnick who shook his head sadly. "Don't think so lowly of him that way, Effie." He wrapped his arm around her shoulder and pulled her close, providing her the comfort that she needed. A touch from another human that did not seek any sexual gratifications, a touch from someone who understood her pain because he himself was going through it. Finnick had sought her out when they had passed by each other on a couple of occasions at the hotel lobby, or the hotel corridor. Her eyes were downcast as she tried to avoid his puzzled gaze. "You too?" he had asked as he danced with her during one of the victory tour. "I don't know what you mean, Mr. Odair," "Drop the pretenses. I've done this longer than you. That hotel is frequently used for these exact activities. Buying and selling of Victors. If they're doing it to us, I can't imagine why they can't do it to Escorts. And you're not the first, I saw anyway. The Escort from Eight as well, if you must know." Effie kept her silence and chose instead to focus on the movement of her feet trying to keep up with