Hello everyone in the Hayffie fandom! I've got another one-shot which I hope you'll enjoy. Disclaimer: I don't own anything. It's a place where nothing matters, where you have no concept of time and you float in this abyss, free from things that anchor a mortal. But after a while, you begin to realize that you want nothing more than to be governed by the rules and shrouded by the uncertainties that so often plague a man, and the minute trivial details that wrap itself slowly around a human life. Because what you have now is not living; you merely exist. And Effie knew it, too. To lead a mere existence without the things that made you human was more painful that anything she ever had to go through; to be alive but not living. Effie stood up and dusted her skirt when she heard his voice. Pulled forward by the deep baritone voice of a man who had kept her company, she moved closer towards the source, allowing it to guide her. The wood beneath her feet cracked as she stepped lightly on it, and there were holes on what was once a beautiful parquet flooring. Effie walked carefully and kept her eyes on the floor, worried that her feet might get caught in one of the holes. There were mosses growing up on some parts of the house, yellow and decaying. Ducking her head, she slipped past a door swaying precariously on its hinges and walked down another poorly lit corridor. The voice grew louder and Effie knew she was near. Her heart started beating faster, the excitement coursing through her. This was her favourite part of being trapped in this house; the only good to come out of this void – his visits and listening to his gruff soliloquy. "… the children send their hellos, of course. They want me to tell you that they miss you. I am not a messenger, Effie. So if you could just…" He trailed off and afraid she might miss something of importance, Effie hurried along the corridor. It was always the same with him. It would always start with him complaining about having to pass messages or sending someone's regards to her, and that there were other better things for him to do. When she finally reached the slightly cramped room lit only by a single candle slowly burning out the wick, she was slightly out of breath. An old rocking chair that creaked each time it moved occupied a corner of the room. That was the most perfect room in the entire architecture of the place because it was in that room that Effie could hear him the loudest and clearest. It made her feel as though he was here with her. Haymitch , she breathed out his name. But, of course, he couldn't hear her. Nobody could and nobody even knew that she was there. Effie often wished that she could see him, place a face to his voice because it had been so long and she was beginning to forget how he looked like. She was beginning to forget how she looked like. It was so strange because there were no mirrors in that house, no reflective surface to remind her of who she was. "They're rebuilding the school in District Twelve and there will be new people from the districts employed to teach in that school. Can you imagine it, Eff? All these people from the different districts relocating and living all over Panem," his voice informed her. That's good , she nodded her head in approval. Maybe it's time to get rid of the Districts, don't you think, Haymitch? We could all be Panem - one country, undivided. "… as long as they stay out of my way, I suppose it wouldn't be much of a problem," Haymitch continued, unaware of her little voice carrying on the conversation. Effie shook her head sadly at that. He had always been such a recluse since the day she first met him. There was only so much socializing and human contact that he could tolerate before he had to take time off for himself. They were worlds apart. She loved being around people, it made her feel belonged which was why being in this abandoned house all alone was the cruelest form of torture. Solitary confinement. Don't be that way, you should socialize and meet with new people. It gets so lonely in here sometimes. You have no idea how much I yearn to be in the presence of another human. To be able to talk to them, see them and touch them. But you can, Haymitch! Don't you see it? And you shouldn't waste it. Outside, Effie felt the pressure of Haymitch's hand as it slipped into hers, his lips pressing against her inner wrist where her pulse beat weakly. "I don't know if you can hear me, Effie, but ah… Well, the doctors said you would be able to. I don't know, seems stupid though. But if you can, listen up, sweetheart - you gotta wake up. You've been sleeping for so long. Remember what you always screamed at me during the Games? Don't be lazy – up, up, up ." She couldn't help the giggles coming out from her mouth. His impersonation of her supposed Capitol accent was so terrible! "Damn it, look what you've made me do, Trinket. I'm talking to someone who can't talk back. I'm talking to a patient in a coma." She heard him give a derisive snort and imagined him shaking his head. The sound of the chair scraping against the floor as he stood up alerted her to the fact that he was probably leaving and she panicked for a moment. He usually stayed longer than that. No, I can hear you! I'm right here, Haymitch. Please, I'm listening. Don't go, not yet. Please. He leaned forwards to kiss her forehead and she caught the whiff of alcohol on his breath as she lay unmoving on the hospital bed. "Next time, sweetheart." The door closed with a soft click and Effie was once again left alone. As the days stretched, the longer she spent comatose in the hospital, the more her mind began to deteriorate. She noticed how the colours faded slowly over time until all that was left were old brown wooden planks and dusty drapes. Everything around her seemed so dull where she was as she slowly began to lose hope. The absence of colour disturbed her greatly. Effie found out soon after she entered into her coma that her mind was apparently a huge abandoned house and with nothing else to occupy her, she had explored every inch of it. Her exploration led to a startling discovery; there were no doors to lead her out of the house. It was said that doors were portals to another world so if she could just find one, she could leave that place. She could be free, and she would wake up to the world. To Haymitch. In all honesty, she wasn't even sure how she ended up confined in the dilapidated house which looked like it was on the verge of collapsing. All she remembered was walking down a street with a paper bag filled with groceries before she felt a pain so terrible that she collapsed on the ground and lay on the sidewalk unable to move. When the paramedics came and asked for her name, she couldn't respond but she felt the blood trickling down her spine. The pain faded as she lost consciousness. When she woke up next – or what she thought was her "waking up" – she found out that she was in a hospital. Effie gleaned enough information from the voices around her to know that she was a victim of an angry, vindictive Capitol citizen who detested the new government. That man had exacted revenge on people like her who had a hand in the Rebellion. In his eyes, she was a traitor. They caught him a few months after the incident and as Haymitch told her during one of his many visits, he wouldn't be coming out anytime soon. "Good morning, darling. How are you today? Still a sleeping beauty, aren't you?" Effie rolled her eyes when she heard the chipper, high-pitched voice of Nurse Stone echoing within the walls of her mind. She was certain that pun was intended. "Well, I'm just going to change your clothes and oh, replace your IV drip for now. You wouldn't feel a thing," the nurse narrated as she went about doing exactly that. Despite what she said, Effie did feel the needle poking into her elbow although she couldn't exactly feel the pain. That was the other thing about this miniature version of her hell – while she could feel pressure and sense things, she couldn't exactly feel anything. At first, it was a truly terrifying thing to discover but after a while, it just felt odd. It made her feel even more detached from the "real world" – a term that she had used to describe the world where Haymitch and everyone else existed. Strange could not even begin to cover the depth of her feelings for what she was currently going through – having a world in her own mind, while her physical body existed outside. Where she was – her world – there was nothing. She could not feel hot or cold, pain or the absence of pain. She hardly felt thirsty or hungry and she couldn't remember the last time she even had anything to eat. "Your Haymitch is waiting outside, of course. He's a faithful one - that grumpy, difficult man - coming over to see you every month for the past year. Did you love him, darling, as much as he loves you? He must love you to be doing what he does." Effie snorted at that but couldn't help the slow smile dancing on her lips as she heard your Haymitch . Haymitch, love and her did not belong in one sentence. Haymitch hated her and the Rebellion may have thawed some of that hatred towards her but Effie doubted he was in love with her. His actions led to a lot of questioning and confusion on her part as she wondered why he kept visiting her. After a while, like everything else, Effie began to expect his presence, looked forward to it even. She even enjoyed his company, his sarcastic, caustic remarks and his witty dry humour. How could she not realise all these when they had spent years working together? Perhaps if they hadn't spent so much time disagreeing and fighting with each other, she would have realised it sooner. It was difficult to accept someone when they have constantly tried to undermine you. "I think it's time you wake up, my dear. Don't you want to go home and be with him?" She wished Nurse Stone would hurry up and leave so he could come in. The nurse wiped Effie's face with wet cloth, tucked the blanket properly, adjusted her bed and smoothened out her hair with a brush. "There, there. Now you look presentable for him," she whispered. Effie figured that Nurse Stone was one of those people that had the best intentions at heart which also meant that she could be extremely overbearing in nature. There was no need to doubt Effie's fondness for Mrs. Regina Stone, for she was the nurse assigned to Effie and aside from Haymitch, the only regular voice to keep her company but that woman could be intense at times. Effie was already waiting in the room she frequently occupied and was sitting on her rocking chair as she waited for him. "No, Mrs. Stone, I don't need coffee. Thank you," she heard Haymitch politely turning down the offer for coffee. She realised that Mrs. Stone was the only person Haymitch bothered to be polite