Disclaimer: Everything that is familiar belongs to Tolkien or Peter Jackson. I own nothing but the plot. It is dark. Too dark. Oppressive. I shiver in the foreboding air. Slowly, they approach the wall, their hatred and the sound of their metal boots sharply hitting the ground preceding them by what seems like miles. A flash of lightning bolts across the starless sky, quickly followed by rain. I shiver again. I do not like being wet and the armor I am wearing does little to protect me from the moisture. My beard is wet and getting heavy and my nerves are getting tight. I can see nothing but the volume of stamping feet has heightened and the men and elf near me are getting tense. Lightning flashes. The Elf's eyes go wide in fright. "What's going on out there?" I ask him. I try to see over the barrier but it's too high. "Shall I describe it to you?" The Elf asks. "Or would you like me to find you a box?" I laugh in response. There are some things he will always tease me about and my short height is one of them. I glance at him again in seriousness. There is fear in his blue eyes and tension in his body. His bow is held in a white knuckle grip. The hate is getting to him. Even I sense its overbearing nature and I am not near as sensitive as he. I try to meet his eyes but he keeps his gaze away. I do not doubt that he believes the hate to be directed at him. They have been hunting the elf since the start of the quest. In every encounter, entire bands of orcs and uruk hai had left the group to hunt him down. So far he's managed to escape but I do not know how long his luck will last. A yell sounds across the plain and over the barrier blocking my sight. I stiffen but excitement battles with my nerves. Finally I can do something. The Uruk hai will finally meet my ax. I will kill more Uruk-hais than my pointy-eared companion. The elf is still watching all that is occurring below. Aragorn is pacing the area behind us, giving us a few last words of advice and bravery. He stops by us and looks out into the field ahead. Fear passes through his grey eyes, but it is quickly replaced by determination. "Aragorn! Archers in the distance!" the elf suddenly exclaims following yet another flash of lightning. Aragorn yells something in Rohirrim so the Uruk-hai don't understand and ducks behind the barricade. All the men heed his warning and as one get low to the ground behind the barricade. Legolas quickly follows their lead. Not a moment later, a sea of arrows sails through the air above us, some hitting the men below. A few pass through Legolas's long hair before it returns to its place on his shoulders. Aragorn rises a moment later, soon followed by the other men and elf. He gazes out into the field, blue eyes searching for more trouble. Another yell sounds across the plain. The Uruk-hais are now probably very close to the short wall. All the men around us tense, their fear evident in every aspect of their being. They aren't soldiers, but men, many of which have seen too many winters, or too few summers. The sounds of the hammering of the Uruk-hai's spears on the ground frightens them. Even Aragorn is nervous. "Your friends are with you, Aragorn," Legolas says beside me. "Let's hope they last the night," I mutter in response. There were many arrows sailing over us a moment ago, and many of our men are already dead or injured, yet the battle has yet to even begin. If men are dying now, there is little hope that most will survive the entire battle. With a determined look in his eyes, Aragorn leaves us and patrols the wall again, speaking in the language of the Rohirrim. "Show them no mercy!" he yells, "For they will give you none!" The fear remains in the eyes of the men, but there's something else present as well. They are still worried and afraid, but determination is in their eyes as well. "Prepare to fire!" Aragorn yells. All the men of Rohirrim and Legolas load their bows and aim at the Uruk-hais below. It is evident even to the untrained eye that not all who shoot now are proficient with the bow. I remember Legolas's words about how he wishes to have a hundred of Mirkwood's best archers with him, here right now. I understand that sentiment now. He is now one of very few masters of the bow present, and I do not doubt that he feels the weight of such a burden. There is suddenly a silence. I frantically look around, but nobody responds. Not a breath is taken, not a spear is hammered against the ground or a foot stomped. It is punctuated by the sound of an Uruk-hai in pain, and then the sound of something heavy and solid hitting the ground. "HOLD!" Aragorn yells in Rohirrian. There is a roar from below and the sound of many running feet. The ground trembles and the wall shakes. A few of the men below us gasp in horror, for the horde coming at us is bigger than it had seemed. I try to see over the wall again but can see nothing. Legolas doesn't comment on it again, though. His bow is loaded, his eyes marking the path of the arrow that will soon fly from it. There is deep concentration in his face and a light tension in his body. It is almost as if he is excited by the notion of another fight and horrified by it. "Fire!" Aragorn yells from behind us somewhere. All around me, bow strings sing as every being on the wall releases their arrows at the Uruk-hais below. "Did anybody hit anything?" I ask Legolas, but he is already reloading and preparing to fire again. The rest of the men are doing the same. "Keep firing!" Aragorn yells, and the bows sing again. They continue to sing for a while, but still there are roars from beneath. How many uruks are down there? "Ladders!" Aragorn suddenly yells. "Good," I say. Finally they are coming to me. Legolas keeps firing but at last I see my first Uruk-hai. He is slowly scaling the ladder nearest me, black-armed hands gripping the wooden steps. His face is completely covered by a metal helmet except for the two holes for his eyes and his mouth is lined with small, stubby teeth. Even from afar I can smell his stink, not so much of sweat as of darkness and hatred and no desire to ever be clean. Though his species comes of elves, they are the complete opposite. The moment his fully-armored legs get to the top of the stairs, he leaps towards me, and I swing my ax at him. It cuts through the armor between his legs and he goes down, holding himself in agony. Another is quickly followed and meets my ax with his chest. "Legolas!" I shout above the din of battle. "Two already!" "I'm at least on number 20!" he shouts back before returning his attention to the Uruk-hais in front of him. His bow is now hanging on his quiver and he is wielding two knives of elvish make. I watch for a moment as he cuts down an Uruk-hai with one graceful movement. "23!" he shouts back at me. With an angry exclamation, I turn my back on him and start fighting the Uruk-hais around me. I need to increase that count. A pointy-eared prissy elf will NOT be outscoring me. I swing my ax at every Uruk-hai I see, cutting down any that comes near me. Swing right, watch the Uruk-hai start to fall in death, turn around and swing left. Repeat. No Uruk-hai manages to get behind me and none that come near me escape my ax. Slowly, the din of battle falls away and all I see is the next Uruk-hai that will die and the movement of light blonde hair to my right as the Elf fights near me. Aragorn is nowhere to be seen, but I trust that he is still safe. There is where I must find hope. "Legolas! Bring him down!" Aragorn suddenly shouts. I look around in between strikes and see him running towards Legolas, who has an arrow nocked in his bow and is aiming for something, or someone. He fires. "Bring him down!" Aragorn shouts again. Legolas fires another arrow. The stone beneath me flies skyward with a deafening roar. I fly with it a few feet, then fall heavily back on the wall. Not all are quite that lucky. Even through the dust clouding the air I can see some land on the spears of Uruk-hais waiting in front of what was once the wall. Their faces are bloody, or their garments are. Many eyes that had once held laughter and fear gaze at the world unseeing, two orbs in a mask of the being's final expression of horror. I shudder at the thought of what that flight must have felt like. I glance around, still choking on the particles of dust clouding the air and try to cough them from my throat to no avail. Around me, the stone that had shot up comes back down, but it does so slowly, as if resisting the pull of gravity. Massive blocks of it fall right past where I am lying, but thankfully none but a few small pebbles hit me. Further along, I see Aragorn lying in the hole in the wall created by the explosive, his eyes closed, hair matted and dusty, well-worn clothing torn in long gashes. He lies still as if in death. "Aragorn!" I cry and leap down from the wall to his aid. Uruk-hais are coming, but he seems unconscious. With fear in my heart I run to him, bending by his head. "Aragorn!" I cry again, though at a lesser volume. The Uruk-hais are closing in behind me. Desperately I shake his shoulder, praying that he is still alive. Slowly, he finally opens one eye, a low groan of discomfort escaping his lips. He turns his head to the side, as if to see all that is occurring. His other eye snaps open suddenly and he leaps to his feet. "Gimli! Back!" he cries. I spin in time to meet an Uruk-hais' sword with my ax. He pushes down quite heavily, but still I am stronger and before he realizes what has happened my ax is in his neck. He goes down stiffly, just to be replaced by another. With Aragorn beside me, I start finding the rhythm of the fight. Swing right, slice the neck of an Uruk-hai, pause, swing left for the other Uruk-hai's neck and repeat. The mass keeps coming, and I keep swinging. Soon, a pile rests at my feet, and still more come. I feel my energy slowly starting to wane. Beside me, Aragorn is fighting like he's had new life breathed into him, killing Uruk-hais as if it were child's play. His sword gleams in the numerous flashes of lightning that illuminate the darkening sky. He too has a pile at his feet. "Aragorn!" I suddenly call. "Have you seen Legolas?" "What? No! I lost sight of him after the blast!" he calls back. I don't bother replying. Fear clenches at my heart. Legolas got separated from us. An Uruk-hai pack is hunting him. Frantically, I look around the field of battle. I cannot see far, for the Uruk-hai are annoying tall, but it is enough. In the distance I see a length of blonde hair moving away from us. It is flitting through the crowd, but something about its