This has been sitting around on my computer for a while. Enjoy! Stay Safe Bella Swan may only be half-vampire, but her love and stubborn streak is stronger than anyone's. Will she be able to convince everyone that she's mature enough to know what she wants? Prologue Suddenly, I'm submerged in the steady topaz of his eyes. I'm not sure what we are or what I'm supposed to feel to make this right. I just know I want him near me and I can't think of anything else at all in my world. To me love is everything. It's our purpose, what separates us from other living things and gives us a right to a soul. Whether or not he feels as strongly as I do is irrelevant. I am not a child. I want to give the gift of my love. Chapter 1: A Promise to Renee My father had never trusted a single soul other than myself, and then, only sparingly. For him to leave me in the hands of these complete strangers, for an unidentified amount of time, astounded me. Of course, in a way, they were not strangers. Charlie had met two members of the family. A few years ago, out late at night hunting, he had come across Alice and Jasper Cullen. He told me of their golden eyes, and said the young woman spoke of visions and future friendships. He said he trusted the seer, but her mate, Jasper, made him wary. He decided it best to put off formally meeting the rest of the family until I was grown. Now I was grown, but our visit was not merely social. Around an hour from the Cullen home, Charlie takes an exit for gas. "I just need a human minute," I say as he turns off the car. After sitting in this car for 12 hours straight, I'm not about to wait any longer. I dash straight into the small station, wrapping my coat around me in the frigid Alaskan air. I absolutely detest the cold. In the bathroom mirror, I see my cheeks flushed red. My brown eyes are rimmed with moisture from the wind outside. I have goosebumps on my chest where my skin is exposed from my navy blue v-neck t-shirt. My thin black coat does nothing to keep me warm, and I make a mental note to do some shopping. Sigh. I notice my hair is out of control, and I pull it out of the bun, only to have the tie snap. Reluctantly, my wild hair comes down, and the tangled chestnut waves fall midway down my back. When I get back to the car, Dad's got the heat turned all the way up for me. "Winter's only just started here, what am I going to do?" I shiver as I tilt the vents towards me and rub my hands together. "You would think having a vampire for a father you would be used to the cold," he chuckles as he pulls the car back out on the road. "I don't think I'll ever be used to it," I mutter. Something dawns on me, "Do you think they'll even have heat in their house? They wouldn't have any use for it!" "Bella, I'm sure they do. I spoke to Alice for a long time on the phone last week. They all work very hard to blend in to their community, their leader works at the hospital, and I'm sure he has a normal house with heat to keep up pretenses and pay bills like everyone else." Last week, Charlie called the number he had received from Alice Cullen many years ago. He finally understood the message Alice had written above the cell phone number: For Safety. A few minutes out from the house, I start running my fingers through my messy hair. "No need to fuss about your hair, it's beautiful," he glances over at my face, "they're going to love you." "Are you sure about that?" I know he seems confident in this family, but I am doubtful that a powerful coven is going to be willing to take in a teenage half-vampire with, if I'm honest, a stubborn attitude. "I know it." He reassures me about this for the millionth time, and he still seems overly confident. But this time there's a catch in his voice. I feel he hasn't told me everything he knows about the Cullens. I mean to ask him, but we are pulling into the driveway and I know all about vampire hearing. The front door on the large, winding home swings open, and a small dark haired woman glides down the wrap-around porch steps. Charlie and I quickly step out of the truck. She smiles cheerfully and when Charlie approaches her, she hugs him like they're best friends. A tall blonde man appears behind her, resting his hand on her shoulder, as if to relax her. "It's so wonderful to finally meet you Bella! I'm Alice," I move to stick out my hand in greeting but she's got me in a hug before I can blink. "You've gotta be frozen!" She laughs and pulls me by the hand into the house. Charlie and the blonde man trail behind us and I look around at the large, and blissfully warm, entryway. Everything is dark wood and glass, and delicately beautiful. I smile as Alice begins introductions. "Everyone, I'd like you to meet my friend Charlie, and his daughter Isabella!" She calls to the group standing in the foyer. "I've told you all about each other, but this is our leader Carlisle and his wife Esme." I smile at the warm, brunette woman as Charlie moves to shake Carlisle's hand. "This is Rosalie and her husband Emmett," I smile at the intimidating, beautiful couple to my right. "Jasper here is my husband, and Edward will be here in just a minute, we weren't sure about the exact time of your arrival, and he's hunting." I notice a lilt in her voice, like she might be fibbing. We move to sit in their spacious living room, and I'm overwhelmed by how normal and homey this house feels. "Can I get you something Bella? A drink? Something to eat?" She looks really excited to be offering me food, and I'm curious. "You have food here?" "Well, Esme goes to the store every week to lower suspicions about our eating habits. Normally she buys non-perishables we can donate later. This week I gave her a list of some things I had a feeling you might be inclined towards. How does hot cocoa sound?" I smile at all her efforts, and not wanting to disappoint the grin on her face I say, "That sounds absolutely perfect. Thank you." Her grin grows to new heights and as she dances off to what appears to be the kitchen she sings, "Oh Bella, we're going to be great friends!" After a little small talk about the drive and weather, the back door slides open to reveal, what I presume to be, the missing Cullen. I notice his hair first, the curly, messy flop of red-gold-brown hair sticking up in all directions. When I look to his honey gold eyes, they're trained directly on me, unwavering. I smile when I notice this and I observe his own lips turn up in a half-crooked smile. "Ah, Edward," Carlisle calls, "This is Charlie and Isabella." Charlie stands up to shake his hand, and he's looking very seriously at this Cullen in particular. Their eyes meet, and Charlie does not blink, "nice to meet you, Edward." "And you as well, sir." Sir? Why is Edward calling my Dad sir? For all I know Edward's way older than Charlie. Charlie accepts the greeting by nodding once like a strict father. I want to laugh at how strange he is being. Many eyes shift to me as Edward approaches, his sweet scent intoxicating. I feel nervous, like there's a tension in the room. "Isabella, welcome," he says simply. "Please, it's Bella," I smile. "Bella," he whispers. He takes my now outstretched hand and I feel something shoot between where our hands connect. I don't want to let go of his cool hand, but Alice walks over and hands me the cocoa. "Thank you, Alice." I say, and after grabbing the mug I notice Edward's already across the room, eyes cast down. There's a silence before Charlie clears his throat. "I know on the phone Alice said you all were more than willing to do us this huge favor. I want to make sure you are all comfortable with having Bells here. Please, feel free to ask us anything." Carlisle spoke, "Charlie, please do not worry. You are both already considered family, anyone who shares our diet is a friend and ally. Not one of us doesn't want you here, I can assure you." I look around the room at the smiles on everyone's face and wonder how we could possibly be so lucky. Carlisle continues, "I am curious, though, and I have many questions about Bella of course, but also the circumstances of your need to depart. What exactly did the correspondence say? Does your shield not protect you from ever being found by the Volturi?" Charlie tells everyone about the letter we found about a month ago in an old dwelling of ours. It called for his swift arrival in Volterra, as our leaders wished to discuss his offspring. They suggested an arrival before the New Year, unless he wished Volterra to send a team to retrieve him and his daughter. The message was clear. The Volturi were not happy Charlie wanted me a secret, and they wanted details to determine if I was any sort of threat. "How did they find out about you, though? Your shield is clearly very strong. I cannot smell you or Bella at all from where you sit now." "I can't see your future. Just a couple glimpses of Bella," Alice announces. "I can't read either of your minds," Edward speaks for the first time in the conversation. "It's really my fault," I say, heavy with guilt. Charlie explains how my gift is slightly different from his. How mine is malleable, that I can move it around people, and even lift it off myself. "Dad warned me not to try and lift it off. I was stupid, and I swear I'll never do it again, but I tried it a few times over the last few months, and now they've got leads on us. Dad says they have highly powerful trackers." I don't add why I'd been so curious to lift my shield, but I blush at the thought. Since having my growth stop months ago, I became curious about finding a partner, a mate. I knew I was a half-breed and probably wouldn't find someone the same way vampires like my Dad did—that all-consuming electricity and passion that happens when mates meet. He says my human mother, Renee, felt similarly when they met, but I'm still not sure it'll be like that for me. I thought that, maybe, I'd be more likely to experience that full draw and pull towards my mate with my shield down. My meeting with Edward flashes through my mind. What if… My blush grows impossibly deeper, and I feel the heat of someone's eyes on me. Edward's looking at me from his spot way across the spacious room. I certainly feel something towards him, and my shield is wrapped around me tight and secure. I'm thinking maybe if I pull him under the shield I might be able to get a better idea…but quickly decide against it when I realize he might then be able to read my mind. Best not to let him know what way my thoughts have turned…though the ever-growing blush has to be a clue. The conversation around us flows into some details about the research my dad did into