AN: TV Trope of the Day…the hospital scene. I present an unlikely scenario. ;) This is a scene that I wrote for my current WIP And So We Run Redux . However, it doesn't fit with the ever-evolving plot. So, here it stands as a one-shot. Madge/Gale. Ye be warned. ETA! The first Madge/Gale artwork ever! The commission, based on this story, was done for me by the lovely apricotteacup over at DA. Check it out! http://apricotteacup(dot)deviantart(dot)com/art/First-EVER-Commish-157706855 Love was a Fire Escape -- District 13 -- So far, my life in this new place has consisted of a series of orders, mostly basic: where to sleep; when to eat; how to fill the long hours from one indistinguishable day to the next. I spoke with Katniss on the hovercraft like Haymitch told me to. That was a few days ago. When I delivered my message, I left feeling shaken yet resolved. I will always have her friendship, I know that, but the rest of her belongs to Peeta. Whether she knows it or not. I knew it the moment on the screen when he dropped the pearl into her hand, when she accepted his gift, that I'd lost her. Or maybe that I'd never had her. The realization feels like a wound. I deal with it like I would any other kind of injury. Bind it up and try to ignore the pain. My natural inclination is to move forward. To survive. And love…it's real or it isn't. There are some things that cannot be pantomimed or manipulated by the Capitol, and I know that she's made her choice. It's time for me to make my own. While I'm figuring out what choice that will be, I let others make them for me. My mother has sent me to have my wounds checked over again (and maybe to get me out of her hair). Mrs. E. could do it, but all her supplies burned along with our district. So, I check in at the front desk. It takes me five minutes so sign my name with my left hand. The nurse wouldn't settle for a simple GH. I wait for an hour on a hard bench inside the infirmary with other men and women in varying degrees of illness or injury. The sharp smells of disinfectant and bodily fluids singe the inside of my nose. The room is a constant stirring of bodies moving between the beds; rising from the beds; lying down on the beds; shuffling in and out of doorways. My skin begins to crawl with the press of people in constant motion. I long for a quiet few hours in a deserted wood somewhere. Huh. Natural light wouldn't hurt, either. That won't happen in this underground metropolis. Glorified sewer. Whatever. I pass the time by staring at the blank white walls and row upon row of filled beds. Occasionally, my mind wanders to thinking about what lies ahead, before a young woman approaches the waiting area. Everyone looks up expectantly, hoping their wait is over. I guess my number is up because she stops in front of me. She's dressed in a simple smock, the color of homespun. It takes me a moment to recognize her dressed up like this. Madge Undersee. "G. Hawthor…oh!" she says in a quiet voice, surprised to see me, I guess. I am more than a little surprised, myself, to see her working, let alone working in an infirmary. I haven't seen Madge since our last night in District 12 when I dragged her from her home at my mother's request. I didn't know they were acquainted. I still need to get to the bottom of that. In fact, I agreed only because Rory came with me to collect the Everdeens from the Victor's Village while my mother raced to the fence with the kids. Rory helped lead the Everdeens around the blazing district while I looped back through the town to the mayor's house. It's a matter of course that they'd live on opposite sides of town. Anyway, Madge dropped off my radar as soon as we reached the fence at the end of the Meadow. The survivors massed there waiting for the fire to destroy the generator powering the fence. After that, everyone took to the woods and it was every man for himself. "I didn't know you were a healer," I say, looking around. Surely there must be someone else coming? A man with some sort of rubber thing hanging around his neck walks by and I try to catch his eye. He walks past, obviously busy. "Hello, Gale," she replies in a neutral tone. "I'm not. Please come with me." Madge turns on her heel, not waiting for me to get up off the bench. I follow her through the bed rows feeling disoriented – which is becoming a familiar sensation. She walks quickly, and her shoulders look so stiff that I wonder if she's as uncomfortable as I am. Her long hair is tied back in a braid and I take to watching it sway back and forth like a gold pendulum, fixating on it instead of the myriad patients surrounding us. Still, I am confused by her presence here. I think Katniss mentioned that she plays the piano. Other than that, I don't know anything about her. What's she's good at...what she does in her spare time. I'm fairly certain that setting arms and stitching gashes in people's skin wasn't part of her upbringing. And then a beautiful thought pops into my mind. Perhaps Madge is taking me to a healer. That must be it: she busses patients. Of course. As the mayor's daughter she must know all about hospitality and whatever. This idea brings me comfort and I relax. She winds her way through the rows and we're nearly to the very back of the large room. I'm starting to wonder if she's going to escort me out the back exit when she stops by a small set of white screen partitions with a privacy curtain pulled open. Within, the exam table has stirrups and, again, I'm confused. "Have a seat," she tells me, stepping out of the way. "Um…how?" I hesitate, vaguely familiar with this contraption, and have a certain feeling that it has nothing to do with men. Her cheeks flush. "Oh…sorry. This was the only open table left. Just sit on the edge." I seat myself awkwardly, my long legs spilling over the edge. I avoid the stirrups. They make me uncomfortable. When I've gotten as comfortable as I possibly can, ripping and crinkling the annoying white paper covering the table into shredded oblivion, I look up expecting her to announce her departure. But Madge doesn't leave; in fact, she begins shooting a long list of personal questions at me and writing my answers down on a clipboard. It's my turn to blush. Madge looks up after jotting down the last of her notes and smiles. "I'll be back in a moment." Before she turns away I grab her elbow with my good hand. "A doctor will be coming soon, right?" She looks uncertain. "Well…they're all tied up at the moment. We're caring for many refugees." Her eyes look a little damp and I shift on the table, feeling completely out of my element. A lot of folks are in bad shape. And a lot of folks didn't make it out at all. Like her parents. Her chest rises as she takes a deep breath. "Actually, I'll be taking care of you this morning." This is disturbing news and I feel my stomach cramp. At least in District 12 I had Mrs. Everdeen – even if everything else about home was horrible, at least they didn't leave a body with a novice. "Are you sure you know what you're doing?" I ask nervously. She gives me a wan smile. "Not really." Not reassuring. Madge takes a look at the expression on my face and laughs. "Don't worry. The nurses showed me what to do. Besides, they only send me the minor cases." "So?" "So, I already know you'll be fine." I shrug, then stifle a groan when I accidentally jostle my right arm. "If you say so," I reply through gritted teeth. "Careful," she murmurs before she leaves. Going back to my last thought about choices, these are my options…fight, flight, or submission to potential torture and further bodily harm. I can't see that fighting Madge Undersee would be very valiant on my part. Flight is not my natural response to adversity. Submission to potential torture and further bodily harm seems to be my only course, at the moment. The bright spot in all of this is that if she manages to make things worse, somehow causes my skin to fall off or the bones in my right arm to grow in the wrong direction, then real medical personnel will have to rescue me from her clutches. The trick will be to get them to rescue me before the damage becomes excessive. I scan the room for a closet to lock her in. Before I can formulate a plan, Madge is back with some jars of topical cream; dressings; a brown bottle; a pile of gauze; and a basin of water balanced on a tray with wheels. While she sorts out her workspace I'm thinking of something to say. As much as I would prefer she didn't treat me, I guess she's still someone from home. I stifle the part of myself that is naturally surly. If I'm going to shut her in a closet, I may as well act politely beforehand. "So." I clear my throat. "Do you enjoy working here?" Madge looks up and I can tell that she's surprised that I am initiating conversation. "Um…yes?" "I'm surprised." She frowns. Well, I am. "I like having something useful to do." Her voice grows quiet as she fixates on organizing the already neat pile of gauze. "It gives me something else to think about." Besides District 12, besides her family, I add secretly. I know what she means. "You'll need to take your shirt off," she tells me, trying to sound confident and professional, though her voice wavers toward the end. Brilliant. I'll need help with that, but I don't want to ask for it. Madge must know that, too. What with a broken arm practically dangling in front of her. We both sit in silence while she waits for me to ask. "Do you mind?" I finally say. She blinks. "Mind what?" I grit my teeth. "I can't pull my shirt over my head." "Oh," she says, all innocent and wide-eyed. "You want help?" Dammit, why can't she make this easier for me? "Yes," I grouse. "Okay." Madge helps me remove the canvas sling tied around my neck. I grapple with the back of my shirt with my left hand, but then her own cool hands brush my sides as she grabs the hem and pulls it up, gently maneuvering the fabric over my injured arm. I am marveling over her gentleness with my arm when Madge does something so completely foul that if I wasn't cramped between the stirrups I would have jumped on her. She had the nerve to throw my only shirt away. Right in front of me. "What the hell are you doing?" I shout. "That's my shirt!" She looks at me with surprise, her nose wrinkling like I'm the one acting like a fool. Her arms fold over her chest. "I know it's your shirt, because it looks exactly like every other mining shirt you wore before we fled from District 12. Judging by the smell you haven't washed it once since then. It's filthy and you're going to be on your way to a first rate infection soon. In fact, I'm surprised you aren't prostrate with disease, yet." My nostrils flare. "I'll wash it," I say as I start to get up, but her