To Catch a Thief For what it's worth, I never stole from anybody who would go hungry. - John Robie The street lamp at the end of the alley between the rows of Seam houses went out years ago, saturating the ramshackle backyards with night. Here and there, neglected shirts and trousers swung limply from laundry lines like forlorn ghosts. Somewhere, a door rattled on rusty hinges in the breeze. Above, the silver sickle moon's pale glow dissolved behind sleepy autumn clouds. Darkness reined in District 12 and the thief liked it. The thief scrutinized the yards butting up against the alley, looking for the fence with a shriveled ash tree. He spotted just the one hanging over the fence like a broken hose, too leafless for early fall. Compared to the electrified fence, the rickety wooden gate behind lot 207 posed no problem for the thief. His long legs cleared the space between splintering slats one at a time. No sound betrayed him, not even his left boot with the squeaky rubber sole. On second thought, the sole might've come off in the woods earlier. It had worn down till it was thin as a playing card and he couldn't tell the difference between bare or shod feet anymore. The thief paused, listening for anyone else who might be in the garden. It was the time of year when anyone stubborn enough to raise vegetables from the packed earth of District 12 ought to stand guard over it. People felt hungrier when the temperatures dropped and the threat of frost made the air taste coppery. But the thief had heard promising things about this plot. Besides, the potential run-in with the owners added to the thrill of the forage. After taking stock of his surroundings, he decided that the yard looked abandoned for the night. What damned good luck! He treaded softly around a rubbish bin and a heap of stinking canvas piled against the privy shared by the occupants of this row. The decayed wooden structure listed dangerously to the side, making him wonder how a guy stood up in there to do his business. A fleeting thought. From the looks of things, nobody had bothered maintaining the lot in years, just that small patch of garden before him, a tangled, dark rectangle that rose out of the hard dirt and cinder. Despite the decay, the stink of loam and compost wafting in the chilly air told the thief that he'd found the right backyard. It stung his nose. The best greens this side of the Fence , he'd heard from a guy he knew, who may or may not have attempted what the thief, was about to attempt. No topsoil existed in the Seam. It would take dynamite to break up the ground for planting. He wondered who hauled all the dirt from the meadow, the only place in the district where anything could grow on its own, to scrape together the little garden. For an instant, the thief felt a sliver of guilt chill his stomach. But then a hunger cramp returned him to the comfort of his former greed. Ahead, shadowy rows of curling vines, leafy stalks, and wire ran between him and backdoor of the house. The tip of the thief's boot caught a piece of gravel from the decaying alley. It plinked ahead of him as he approached the vegetable patch, betraying his presence. He paused. Listened. Swore under his breath when no one from the house responded. He'd reached the patch. Then the thief reached around his back for a low-slung canvas bag hanging off his shoulders and unhooked the top flap. He followed his nose toward the stronger-smelling vegetables. The spiky tips of an onion stalks prickled his palm; a bit too early for it, but he traces the narrow leaves down to the swollen base in the dirt. He pulls until the ground gave up the onion. A smile threaded over his dirty face as he shook the dirt from the onion and slipped it into his game bag. Greedier with success, he reached for a big, leafy cabbage the next row over. Unlike the onion, it was more than a little ripe. It joined the onion in his sack. The vegetables slipped into his pack so easily, he almost wondered at it. The fools who lived in 207 deserved to be pillaged, he thought, for leaving such a bounty unprotected. Suckers, the lot of them. He reached for another cabbage. The thief couldn't see the heap of rags quivered to life behind him. The figure loomed out of the murk of the privy, silently creeping over him. It raised an arm over its head. The thief felt his skull crack from ear to ear. A meandering pumpkin vine cushioned his face when he pitched forward into the patch. … Hazelle prodded the boy's belly with her father's old boot and exhaled sharply when that failed to elicit so much as a twitch from the thief. Her heart thudded against her ribs like a bodhran. She hadn't meant to kill the intruder when she busted him over the head – her chicken-bone arms packed more muscle than she realized. Hazelle held her thin limbs out in front of her for inspection. Maybe more like bean poles, she concludes. The worn wooden laundry paddle rested heavily in her hand, the way it always did when she caught a thief unawares. This time, though, she had outdone herself. Slivers of ice seemed to have slipped into her stomach as she considered her predicament. Hazelle bent down to hold her hand over the thief's nose and mouth to feel for a breath, condensation, anything that would tell her she hadn't done what she though she'd done. It was too cold to tell. She must've hit him just right. Or maybe the man was already a little soft in the head. Hazelle swallowed past the lump of panic rising in her throat. She'd only meant to stun the thief and scare him off. But murder? Maybe the peacekeepers would thank her for doing their job for them? Maybe they'd just leave her alone? Or maybe her whole family would disappear one day and a new family would inexplicably hang their laundry on the frayed line at 207. The sheets she had hunkered under during her watch over the garden fell around her ankles. She chewed her lip ragged, thinking of a plan, then she crouched down on her knees to try and roll the thief onto his back. Not that she wanted to see a dead man's face. The thought made her stomach flip. Maybe she could go inside and pretend she didn't know? After all, who had seen her strike him? But she knew. So, Hazelle set the paddle down and hoisted the ragged sleeves of her mother's old coat up to her elbows. Then she dipped her hand underneath the thief's stomach and hip to flip him over. His head thunked against a pumpkin. She flinched. Slowly, she leaned over the prone body. Her hand hovered over the thief's face. She couldn't feel any breath stirring the air. Descending lower, she could almost feel the sharp prickle of his beard, and then – Warm breath on her skin. A tight band of fingers ensnared her wrist. Hazelle choked on a scream. … "Blrghl." The thief groaned. Then he execrated the dirt and the pain in his head in single word sentences. Hazelle fell onto her backside in surprise. The thief writhed in pain, making it easy for her to pry the fingers off her wrist. The hand immediately fell to clutching the knot forming on the back of his skull. Hazelle's fingers scrabbled blindly over the dirt to find the paddle she dropped. Alive, the thief presented a quite different problem than he had as a corpse. The thief spat out dirt and a bit of a leaf. In his one hand, he still gripped the top layer of a cabbage. Whatever confusing emotions his death and resurrection caused, anger bubbled its way up to the top of Hazelle's list. She broke the oppressive silence of the night. "If you're not killed, then...then get out of my garden." The thief glared up at her, unimpressed. "I ought to thrash you for busting my head open. Hell." "Don't you dare." Hazelle scrambled back up on her feet and raising her paddle so he could get a good view of it. "The Peacekeepers are on their way," she fibbed. The thief snorted at her bluff. People in the Seam did many things, but calling on Peacekeepers for help wasn't one of them. "What are you, some kind of witch?" he groused, dropping the cabbage leaf. His dark eyes raked up and down the girl's scarecrow figure, taking in her overlarge coat and the pile of grubby sheets on the ground by her boots. In the dark he saw a tall, frumpy girl with a shadow over her face and dark hair piled under a rag. "Should've notice you coming. I hear everything," he added as if to himself. "Usually." His voice sounded young, she decided, though the darkness made it difficult to discern. "Greed must make you deaf, then." Hazelle crossed her arms awkwardly with the heavy paddle. "I'm not a witch and you're not the first sneak I've caught out here." "Let me guess," he groused, gingerly sitting up, wincing with each raised vertebrae sending another jolt of pain through his skull, "you hide under those rags waiting for unsuspecting victims to drop in." Hazelle deigned not to answer, though, yes, it was her favorite tactic and fools fell for it all the time. Fools like the young man sitting in her dirt. "Locke didn't mention you," the thief garbles, clutching his abused skull. He leaned forward, almost falling into his own lap. A few plosive curses peppered the air between them. The paddle had to have hurt, but that's what he deserved for skulking around stealing things, she told herself. Besides, she didn't know who this Locke was and why he would know anything about Hazelle. Unless he also visited her vegetable patch in the past. Maybe one of the successful ones who took advantage of the few nights Hazelle couldn't fend of exhaustion after endless deliveries of laundry before and after school to be able to stand vigil over the garden. The thought makes her eyes narrow to angry slits. "Going to be sick?" she asked, with a hint of satisfaction in her voice. "You can go throw up in the alley if you have to, but don't do it in my yard." "I don't throw up," he griped. "Wouldn't give you the satisfaction, anyhow." The thief slowly rose first to his knees, then up to his full height. Hazelle stepped back. He easily cleared six feet and then some. Hazelle, who could hold her own when it comes to grabbing things down from a high shelf, still had to tilt her head up to look him in the eyes. Only the whites showed in the dark. They studied each other for a long moment. Hazelle couldn't tell what he thought, but his hands perched on his hips like he's in no hurry to go, so he'd probably sized her up as a non-threat. She, on the other hand, preferred him prostrated in the dirt to looming over her. Not dead, but prostrate. The clouds dissipated for a moment. Weak moonbeams revealed splotches of coal and dirt smudged the thief's face so it looks like his eyebrows have overgrown his forehead. Short tufts of dark hair stick up at odd angles on his head from mussing it after she hit him. His shoulders look like they'd fill a doorway. Hazelle swallowed again. The moon drifted behind another cloud. The thief seems to move toward her, but it's hard to tell in the dark. She held the paddle between them with both