Okay, in this fic Aragorn is about eighteen years old, and Legolas is about twenty years old. For love purposes between him and Legolas, I've made Aragorn an Immortal half-elf in this fic. This is Aragorn/Legolas slash! Rated R for sexual scenes. AU, of course. Enjoy! The Beginning Aragorn rode beside Gandalf, who was currently lecturing Aragorn on the different elvin cultures. Aragorn tried hard to remember what Gandalf was saying, but it was difficult because his lecture was so boring. "And you must remember," Gandalf droned on, "The Mirkwood elves may have different customs then the ones you were used to in Rivendell." "Yeah, yeah, whatever," muttered Aragorn. He was in a bad mood. They had been traveling for several days to go and stay with the elves from Mirkwood and 'learn' about them. This wouldn't have been so bad if it hadn't been for the fact that Gandalf had done nothing on the trip except go on and on about how much Aragorn could learn from the elves, the fighting tactics he could learn, the different forms of elvish, and— "You know, maybe the elves could teach you not to have such a loose tongue too," snapped Gandalf, raising an eyebrow at Aragorn. Aragorn shook his head irritably. "Why do I have to learn from them anyway?" he complained. "I grew up with elves. It's not like the elves from Mirkwood could be so different from those in Rivendell." "No, but the Mirkwood elves have many Silvan elves too. Also, it isn't so much the fact that the elves are so different from the Rivendell elves, it's who they have there." "Oh, really?" said Aragorn in a bored voice. "Who's there that's so special?" "Well, they have King Thranduil, and Prince Legolas. Although Thranduil is probably busy most of the time, I'm sure Legolas wouldn't mind giving you a few fighting tips." "Yeah, like I really want to be taught by a young prissy prince who's probably been pampered his whole life," snorted Aragorn. Gandalf eyed Aragorn sharply. "For your information, Legolas is twenty, two years older than you. And he's seen a fair number of battles in his time. He's also the best archer in Mirkwood, probably in the whole of Middle Earth. And he is no 'young prissy prince'. Compared to him, you are." "Fine," muttered Aragorn. The woods of Mirkwood came into view. They were quite breathtaking. Huge, peaceful looking green trees were spread all over a great distance. As they drew nearer, several graceful figures leapt out of the trees, and came out to greet Aragorn and Gandalf. They were clad in brown and green, as was the custom of their people, Aragorn had learned from Gandalf. They had hoods pulled over their heads, concealing their appearance from Gandalf and Aragorn, which was fair, considering that Aragorn and Gandalf both also had hoods hiding their faces. "What is your business here, strangers?" one of the elves asked. His voice was clear and light, like water. "We came here hoping to find peace, but apparently not," said Gandalf, pulling down his hood and smiling. Aragorn followed his lead, albeit slightly uneasily. "Gandalf!" the elf exclaimed, also pulling down his hood. Aragorn stared at the elf, momentarily dumbfounded. The elf was stunning. A long mane of silky blond hair spilled onto his shoulders, part of it pulled back into a braid. His sapphire eyes sparkled and his full lips were curved into a smile as he greeted Gandalf. He was slender, yet strong, his muscles showing beneath his shirt. When he removed his hood, the rest of the elves did so too, and to Aragorn's slight surprise, he saw that they were all blond. He had grown used to seeing the dark-haired elves from Rivendell, and had believed that very few elves were blond. "I didn't know you were coming," said the elf, slightly reproachfully. "Are you sure?" said Gandalf, frowning slightly. "I sent a message to your father, he didn't tell you?" The elf shook his head. "No, but that isn't odd, considering he never tells me things until the last minute." The elf's voice turned slightly bitter. Gandalf shook his head. "No matter." The elf nodded, and then turned his eyes upon Aragorn. "Who's your friend?" he asked curiously. "He is Aragorn, son of Arathorn, foster son to Lord Elrond of Rivendell," answered Gandalf. "Really?" said the elf, smirking slightly. "So you're the famous heir of Isildur?" he said to Aragorn. Aragorn nodded, wondering why the elf was smirking so. "Well then, shall I show you to your rooms?" asked the elf. Gandalf nodded, smiling. "Yes, that would be nice, for we are weary. We have been traveling for over two weeks now, all the way from Rivendell." "Rivendell?" said the elf. "I haven't been there for over ten years. How is Lord Elrond?" "He is well," answered Gandalf. "And what of his sons, Elladen and Elrohir? And Lady Arwen?" asked the elf. "His sons are well, but I haven't seen Arwen for over a hundred years. I believe she is off exploring somewhere." "Good," replied the elf, and then turned back to Aragorn. "Forgive me, but I know your name, and you don't seem to know mine. I am Legolas, son of Thranduil." "You forgot Prince of Mirkwood," scolded one of the older blonde elves. Legolas made a face and sighed. "Whatever," he muttered. Aragorn eyed Legolas rather curiously. So this was the Prince of Mirkwood Gandalf had bored Aragorn about all through their trip. Legolas was a lot different than what Aragorn had expected. Despite what Gandalf had said, Aragorn had expected Legolas to be a lot prissier, and more girly. But, although Legolas did have long blonde hair that was partly pulled back in a braid, he didn't seem girly at all. He seemed powerful, even under that peaceful aura that all elves had. Aragorn knew in that instant that no matter what, if they were both ever in battle, he would want Legolas on his side. He could sense that Legolas would be a great ally, and a deadly enemy. After Legolas had shown them to their rooms, he left to go speak to his father. Because Gandalf had asked, a bit of food was brought up to their rooms so they could refresh themselves before dinner. "Your training begins tomorrow morning," said Gandalf briskly as they bit into the delicious, ripe fruit the elves had brought up. "I spoke to Legolas, and he agreed to train you until you can use a bow and arrow at least moderately well. The performance I saw last month was extremely embarrassing." Aragorn blushed. The month before there had been an archery tournament hosted by Elrond, and Aragorn decided to play in it for fun. His performance had been abysmal. He didn't even hit the targets; instead, his arrows flew off crazily, almost hitting other objects, such as his foster father…. After they had finished their snack, Aragorn went and bathed. He felt relieved to get off all the dirt and grime of the past two weeks, in which he hadn't even bothered to bathe, knowing perfectly well it would be pointless. After he was finished bathing, he dressed in the elven clothes laid out for him on his bed. Since he grew up in Rivendell, he was used to these types of clothes, which were silky, and showed off his muscles. He then brushed out his brown, shoulder-length hair, to the point where it was hanging freely around his face, almost touching his shoulders. Too impatient to wait for Gandalf, he then left his room and wandered around Mirkwood, trying to find the dining hall. When he was unsuccessful, he tried to find his way back to his room, but he couldn't. Looking around, he realized that he was completely lost. He wandered hopelessly around the castle, hoping to run into someone who could help him. He looked for about a half hour, but everyone seemed to be gone. He realized that they were probably all in the dining hall, waiting for him. He sighed, and leaned against a wall, slowly sinking down into sitting position. He groaned, thinking of the lecture he would receive from Gandalf for not waiting for him, and then for getting lost. "Aragorn?" called a friendly voice. Aragorn looked up. It was Legolas. He was standing a few feet away from Aragorn, frowning slightly. "Are you lost?" he asked. Aragorn nodded. "Yes," he answered. "I was trying to find the dining hall, but this place is so big, I just couldn't find it." Legolas smiled, looking amused. "You should have waited for Gandalf to show you where it is," he said, his tone slightly scolding. "Everything in here is so well hidden; even Gandalf couldn't find the dining hall without some assistance when he first came here." Aragorn smiled at the thought of Gandalf getting lost. "Come," said Legolas. "Everyone is worried about you; we were about to send a search party out when I volunteered to come and find you. I know this place from top to bottom, for I spent much of my youth exploring this palace." "Didn't you have playmates?" asked Aragorn, frowning. Legolas shook his head, looking slightly sad. "No. Most other children were kept away from me, because my father was afraid someone would kill me like they did my mother. And my father was usually too busy to play with me." "Oh," Aragorn murmured. His heart broke for the innocent little lonely child Legolas must have been. Legolas shook his head. "It doesn't matter," he sad briskly. He looked slightly ashamed. "I shouldn't have burdened you, anyway. I'm sorry." "No, it's okay," said Aragorn hastily. "I kind of understand how you must have felt. When I was growing up in Rivendell, most of the elf-children shunned me because they thought I was just a human, even though I am a half-elf." Legolas looked surprised. "You're a half-elf?" he said. He bent down and peered into Aragorn's eyes. "Yes," he murmured. "I can see the elvin blood in your eyes, and the fact that it made you immortal." Something seemed to pass between them, but it slipped away before Aragorn could catch what it was. Legolas seemed to sense it too, but he didn't say anything and neither did Aragorn. Legolas stood up. "Come," he said, smiling. "We should get back before they send out a search party for both of us." Aragorn nodded and allowed Legolas to lead him down to the dining hall. To Aragorn's slight amusement, he found that he had wandered very close to the dining hall when he had been looking for it, only to turn another way. When they went inside, they saw several blond elves sitting around looking bored, one blond elf who resembled Legolas at an older age looking agitated, and (Aragorn's stomach squirmed guiltily) a very irritated Gandalf. "Where have you been?" Gandalf exploded when Aragorn reached the table. "We were worried sick! We thought you had been kidnapped or something! Where on Middle Earth were you?" "I got lost," Aragorn muttered, blushing and not quite meeting Gandalf's eyes. "Are you telling me," Gandalf hissed softly, bringing his face closer to Aragorn's, "That you kept Thranduil, me, Legolas, and the rest of the elves here waiting for an hour because you were too impatient to wait for an escort?!" "Yes," Aragorn said guiltily. Gandalf drew himself up to his full height, took a deep breath, and prepared to roar at Aragorn. That was when Legolas intervened. Positioning himself between Aragorn and Gandalf, he said, "But no harm done, right? We didn't really mind waiting, did we?" He glanced hopefully at his father, who shook his head, looking faintly amused. "No, we didn't, and besides, it gave Gandalf and me time to speak of things without the distraction of food," King Thranduil said. His voice was the opposite of his son's, it was deep