Author's note at the end! It was starting to get darker and colder, she realized. " Asca, asca," she thought as she raced on Asfaloth. She has wasted too much time. She needed to get to Helm's Deep before morning or she could be too late. She knew that the other elves should be close to arriving or they might be there already. Either way she needed to hurry. Once she got there, she planned to talk to the King of Rohan. She will most likely see her beloved and her heart leaped in her chest at the thought. Oh how she loved him! She loved the way his voice sounded when he spoke or how his eyes sparkled when he was happy. Her favorite memory of him was when she accepted his proposal to become his wife. He picked her up and spun her around like a child would do when playing with her favorite doll. " Get a hold of yourself! If you get distracted and fail, there will be no reunion," She thought. She shook her head and urge Asfaloth to go faster. If all goes as planned, she should be able to make it there sometime in the middle of the night. She prayed that the Valar will guide her there with time to spare. A&A Aragon paced the room back and forth, thinking of every battle scenario that he had picked up in his 87 years. They were clearly out numbered. Even with the help of the elves that Lord Elrond had sent. Never had he faced an army of ten thousand before. Aragon was beginning to give up on surviving this battle. "No! If you lose hope, then you shall never win this war," he thought. Aragon walked outside to look at the stars. The stars reminded him of Arwen. Their beauty, the way they seem to make everything better. He began to hum the Lay of Lúthien to keep him calm. It was a sad tale. A tale the reminded him the way his relationship was with Arwen. Though there was a difference. Lúthien remain in Middle Earth while Arwen took the ship out of Middle Earth. Aragon didn't even begin to think about how his life could be without Arwen there. His life began with Arwen. It's hard to think it will end without her. He always pictured his life with her. How their children would look and if they would have all boys or all girls or one of each. He pictured the way they would go to sleep each night and the way they would look each morning when they awoke. That dream seemed like a long forgotten memory now. Aragon sighed and shook his head. There was no telling if he even will survive the battle against the ring but all he could do is have hope. Aragon walked back inside to get what little sleep that he could before the battle that was to happen that day. He closed his eyes and went to sleep, dreaming of his beautiful maiden. A&A She arrived to Helm's Deep with time to spare. She rode Asfaloth to the top where she knew that the king and her beloved would be. She made sure that her that her face was hidden from the people who was looking at her as she passed. When she arrived, a guard approached her. "State your business." he demanded to the woman. She calmly got off her horse and faced the guard "I am here to meet with your king." "The King doesn't take to kindly to strange women showing up in the middle of the night." "I am no mere woman. I am an elf and I demand that you take me to your king." The guard saw that she was telling the truth and led her inside. As they walked, she was sure that she heard the guard mumble about "bossy women and too many elves." When they came upon a large room, the guard told her to wait while he went to get the king. As she was waiting, she took the chance to look for her friends. She saw no one. She sighed "It's for the best right now. I shall see them soon." As she finished the thought, the guard, the King, and her friend, Legolas entered the room. It was no surprise that they brought Legolas. She figured that Aragon was resting and they needed someone like her on their side. When they came upon her, she saw Legolas eyes widen at the sight of her. The King spoke "Who are you?" She bowed her head in respect and said "Mae govannen, my name is Arwen Undómiel. The daughter of Lord Elrond. I am also a friend of Legolas and Aragon. I have come with an important object that must be given to Aragon alone." King Théoden looked to Legolas "Does she speak the truth?" Legolas confirmed that she was and Théoden was satisfied and he ordered the guard to find Aragon. A&A It was so bright and the ground was made of stone. Aragon knew he had been there before but he couldn't put a name to it. He thought hard but still no name. He heard laughter close by. It was the laughter of a child and a grown woman. When they walked into the room, Aragon was shocked. The woman was his beloved Arwen. He didn't know who the child was though. " Ada, Ada," The child cried out as he ran to him. Aragon looked around to see if he was calling out to someone else. As he looked around that they were the only ones in the room. When the child got to him, he lifted his arms indicating that he wanted to be held. Aragon, shocked that he was a father, picked up the child. Arwen smiled at them and calmly walked over to where they stood. " Hello, Melamin. Did you have a pleasant trip?" Arwen asked. Aragon replied "Did I leave?" Arwen laughed "Of course, my silly husband. You went to Rohan to talk to Éomer." Aragon nodded and pulled his child and his wife close to him. Then, suddenly, everything was on fire. Aragon, panicked, looked to his little family. Making sure that they were safe. When he looked at them, he realized that they were gone. He frantically searched around, not seeing anything. He then heard a scream. He looked down and saw that the floor was gone and Arwen and his child were falling to their deaths. He looked for anything that would save them but he found nothing. Nothing to save his little family. Aragon felt like he was dying. Aragon heard an evil laugh. He saw the Eye of Sauron. Sauron then started to speak to him "Death is at hand. Everything that you love and care for will be gone." Aragon sat up quickly in fright. He looked around for any signs of danger. When he saw none, he sighed in relief. "Lord Aragon?" Aragon drew his knife that he kept by his bed and look towards intruder. When he saw it was just a guard, he put away his knife. "King Théoden awaits you in the main room, my lord," the guard told him. Aragon got up and followed the guard to the main room. When he arrived, he saw a hooded figure standing beside Théoden. When Théoden saw him, he told them "I take my leave." Once he left, the figure removed its hood. Aragon felt his eyes widen and his heart started to beat rapidly. "Arwen." A&A "Hello, Estel," Aragon slowly walked to where she stood. When he got to her, he pulled her close and wrapped his arms around her. Arwen sighed in contentment. She was back to where she belonged. Aragon pulled her face to meet his. They kissed passionately for what felt like forever. The love that they had was overwhelming. When they pulled away, they looked in each other's eyes. It didn't matter what Aragon had told her right before he left with the fellowship. Arwen knew that it was her father's words that he spoke. All that matter to them was that they were together again. "Lle naa vanima," Aragon told her softly, not wanting to break the spell that had come upon them. "Amin mela lle," she replied back. Finally, the spell was broken because curiosity for what she was doing there won out. Aragon spoke "You are supposed to be on your way to the Grey Heavens." "I chose a mortal life. I refuse to be departed from you. Nor you or my father can change that," She told him. "How did you get here?" he asked. "Asfaloth," she explained "My father believes that I am on my way to the Grey Heavens. I left with the other elves and then when we were far enough away from Rivendell, I broke off from the group and made my way here as fast as I could." "Oh Arwen, my love, I love that you're here. Nothing makes me happy to see your beautiful face but we are getting ready to be at war. Ten thousand Uruk-hai are on their way here to destroy us. I can't have you here where you could be hurt or killed. You need to go into the caves with the rest of the women." Arwen shook her head. She knew what she was getting into when she came here. She planned to fight a long side her love and that is what she was going to do. "Aragon, I didn't plan to stand on the side lines. I planned to fight with you, with our friends and I can't do that sitting in the caves. I need to be with you. If you put me in the caves, I will get out and I will find you. Just think if I was right beside you in the fight, you could protect me but if I wasn't and I was trying to find you, I could very easily be killed. Thus I am safer with you," stated Arwen, proud of her logic. " Damn it. She was right," thought Aragon. He knew that, if she wanted something, she would do it. No matter what was happing. The best bet was to have her where he could protect her. He was going to hate what he was about to say. "Alright, you can fight but on one condition. If you realize that the battle will be lost, you leave. Promise me this." Arwen nodded her head in agreement but what she didn't say was that she wouldn't leave a lone. Wherever he was, she was going to follow. Even to death. Arwen realized that she didn't give him his gift. "I have something for you." "Oh?" Arwen pulls out a sword from inside her cloak and holds it out in her hands to him. "Andúril, the Flame of the West, forged from the shards of Narsil. I had this made before I left Rivendell. I knew you would need this in the upcoming battles." Aragon took the sword from Arwen "I shall use it well." Arwen smiled "I know you will." A&A The time has come. Hundreds of men and elves stood along the wall ready to fight. Some of the men were waiting in the structure in case any of the enemy got inside. Aragon was leading the elves with Arwen standing with him. Théoden wasn't happy about Arwen fighting but he quickly got over it realizing no one could stop her. As the army grew closer, lighting lit the sky and rain came down. Aragon gave the Elves some motivation "A Eruchîn, ú-dano i faelas a hyn ... an uben tanatha le faelas!" Arwen smiled. She had always wondered what Aragon was like in battle. She now knows and she must say, it made her wish they were wed, for she wished to