Percy had listened to Jason pull off several nights in a row on the Argus, but that was the first night he heard Jason call his name. Percy loved to listen—the slow, heavy breathing gradually developing into quick pants, even sometimes developing into needy little cries. If Percy concentrated, he could sometimes hear the sound of Jason's hand on skin. Sometimes the sound was wetter than others, and Percy wondered whether Jason used oil or jelly, or maybe there was some kind of lube. Each time Percy heard those sounds, he felt himself get hard. The second night he heard those sounds, his hand slid down his chest, avoiding the hard nipples, straight down to his cock. His fingers wrapped around his own full, engorged cock, and squeezed. What Percy thought about, with his hand around his cock, was taking control. He would take control of Jason; he would control the speed of Jason's breath, the urgency in his cries. He would take control of Jason's hands, and replace them with his mouth. He would suck Jason off until Jason held his head still and fucked it, fucked Percy's mouth until he came and came and came in it, right down Percy's throat. The trouble with his life, Percy thought, was that he was always being used. Ever since Gaea's prophecy, people had wanted to shape his life for him, tell him what to be. He could never be just what he wanted—which was nothing, really. Of all the things that Percy would have liked to have been, he would have liked to be nothing most of all. He didn't want to be big and important. He didn't want to have to stand up and do what was right all the time; he didn't want to have to save the world. Percy knew he had to, though. It was his destiny. Not to follow his destiny would be wrong. He knew that it was wrong to beat off to his friend's breathing and sounds of masturbation. It was wrong, and he was so ashamed. He was so ashamed—he felt shameful—disgusting, really—he was such a slut; he was such a worthless, cock-hungry, cum-loving, cock-starved whore —not a hero at all. Then he came, with a groan, cum splattering everywhere. The next night after the first night that Percy heard Jason say his name, Percy snuck over into Jason's bed right as Jason started to get hot and heavy with his hand. "What the—shit, Percy. Can't you knock?" he said. "I heard you jerking off," Percy said. "Was—was not." Jason flushed red, the color staining down his bare chest in the dim moonlight shining through the curtains. He'd pulled up the sheets around the rest of him as soon as Percy had entered the room. "Yes, you were," said Percy. Jason glowered. "Well, what if I was? A guy can jerk off, can't he? Has to get his end of somehow on this horrendous quest." Percy sat down beside Jason's knees on the bed, facing him. "You mean you haven't slept with anyone recently?" "What?" Jason glowered harder. "No! I didn't say that." "So you have?" "Well." Jason looked around shiftily. "I may have." Percy pushed his glasses up on his nose. "I haven't." Jason glanced back up at him, startled. "You haven't?" Percy shook his head. "Oh." Jason seemed to relax. "I haven't either." "I haven't even kissed except Annabeth," said Percy. "You haven't?" said Jason, mouth falling open. "Hell, Percy. There's half the girls in the camp who'd want to kiss you." Percy shook his head again. "I don't think so." "What?" Jason started glowering again. "You're fucking amazing, Percy. I mean, all the girls say so. Even the Aphrodite ones. With the . . ." He gestured vaguely. "And the . . ." He did it again. Percy looked at his knees. "I don't think they want to because I'm Percy Jackson." He looked at Jason again. "You know?" Jason started picking at the blanket. "You stopped me in the middle of a jerk off session to tell me that?" he said finally. "You've made out, haven't you?" "What?" Jason appeared to be distracted by Percy's hands. Percy pushed up his glasses again. "You've kissed a girl. Haven't you?" "What? Yes. I mean, Piper a few times." "Well," said Percy. "I thought since we both have so little practice, we could, you know, practice with each other—" For the first time, Percy got pretty nervous. He looked down. "We could . . . help each other," he mumbled. "Wow," Jason breathed. "You . . . you want me to show you how to kiss ?" Percy nodded. Jason looked at him stupidly. "But I'm not gay." "You don't have to be," Percy rushed to assure him. "I mean, I'm not either. Of course. I just want to—you know." "Wow, Percy." Jason still sounded as though he were in shock. "You just—put your lips together, maybe move your tongue a bit—" "Never mind. It was stupid." Percy started getting off the bed. Jason's hand locked around Percy's wrist, and then he was pulling him, back, back onto the bed. Then it was confusing, because Jason was all warm, soft lips, and warm, hard chest, and all the blood was leaving Percy's brain to beat dully in his cock. Then Jason's tongue was in his mouth, and it felt big. It felt big and warm and strong, and Percy felt like his mouth was very small, and Jason was just taking it over, invading it. Jason's tongue moved like it was the tongue that belonged in Percy's mouth, not Percy's own; Jason owned that mouth; he was perfectly in control. It was perfect, exactly what Percy wanted—he'd got Jason to do exactly what he wanted. In losing control, it made Percy was perfectly in control. Percy moaned a little, and Jason pressed against him, hips rising up to press against Percy's. Percy felt a hardness there, and Jason pulled away. "Shit, Percy," he said. Percy licked his lips. "I liked that." "Yeah?" Jason looked really surprised, and then really eager. Lunging at Percy, he kissed him again. Percy didn't want to do anything but lie on top of Jason and get his mouth utterly fucked by his friend's tongue—because that was what Jason was doing now, thrusting in and out, in and out. But then Percy started to think about what he had imagined Jason's cock doing—thrusting in and out, in and out, fucking his mouth while Jason just held his head and fucked him—and he pulled away. "Can I," Percy breathed, breath wet, feeling flushed with heat—"can I suck your cock, Jason? Please, I—I really really want to." "Shit, Percy." Jason held him down and pushed his hips up, hard cock brushing against Percy's. "This isn't—you know—you're my best friend." "I know," said Percy. "That's sort of why I want to." "Best friends aren't supposed to . . ." Jason scratched the back of his neck. "I heard you," Percy said. "What?" "The other night." Percy pushed his glasses up again. "You were jerking off. You called out my name." "What!, you—you—you were listening ?" Jason pushed him off, yanking the sheet farther up, over his bare chest. "You were listening to me masturbate ?" Percy shuffled away, but remained sitting on the bed. He nodded, frowning down at the blanket. "I always do." "But— why ?" Percy gulped. Now it came to it. "I want—sometimes I want to do things." "Like . . ." Jason was just staring at him, mouth open a little, as though he couldn't believe that this was actually happening. "Like suck my dick," he said finally. "Yeah." Percy started picking at the blankets just like Jason had. "Like . . . I imagine you've got this big enormous cock, right, and you want to—" Jason squeaked. Percy's shoulders slumped. "You—you said my name when you—when you, you know. I thought we could—I thought you might want to." "With my enormous cock , Percy?" "Oh." Percy shrugged. "I don't really care if it's enormous. I mean, that's just what I imagined. Anyway, I bet it'd feel—" "You imagined?" Jason squeaked again. "You imagined my cock." "Yeah. I thought, that since we're best friends and all that, and you said my name, that we could—" "We could what?" Jason kept talking in this high-pitched voice. "Well, I was going to tell you, if you'd quit interrupting me." Jason stared at him, wide-eyed. "I'd thought, you could, you know, put your cock in my mouth, and maybe fuck me with it, and—" "Oh, right." Jason flopped down on his pillow, and suddenly sounded normal again. "This is a dream." Percy made a sound of annoyance. "I know it's all kinds of messed up, but I thought since you said my name and all—" "Right," Jason said again. He squinched his eyes shut, then opened them again. "You're still here." "Yeah," Percy said. "You still want to suck on my cock." "Yeah," Percy said, and pushed his glasses up. "You want to suck my cock," Jason said again suddenly. "Yeah." Percy sort of pushed against him. He thought that maybe if Jason could feel he was hard too, he would feel better about it. "Hey." Jason shifted away, suddenly looking uncomfortable. He looked back at Percy. "D'you want . . . are you going to want me to . . . you know . . . yours, too?" Despite the broken question, Percy eventually figured out what Jason was asking when he glanced down at Percy's hips. "Oh," said Percy. "Um . . . not really. What I was going to say is I like imagining a big cock down my throat. Like . . . a really big cock, and it's just pushing and pushing, and I can't get away. You know, like that." Jason's mouth dropped open again, and he had to kind of breathe through his nose. "You," Jason was back to squeaking, "you can get it in your throat?" "Well, no." Percy wished he could have his glasses, so he could look at Jason's chest some more. Jason had hair there already. Percy didn't have much on his yet, just some dark ones around his nipples. "But I want to do that. Kind of. I mean, I think it'd be nice." "Nice?" "You don't want to?" "Have a dick down my throat?" Jason looked appalled. Percy shrugged. "I said it, Percy." Jason was tugging at the sheets again. "I'm not gay." "Whatever," said Percy. "I thought, since you said my name and all—" "I was jerking off ! I mean, it just—it—you shouldn't even have been listening!" Percy picked at the blankets some more. "So, that's a no, then?" "What?" Lifting his head, Percy said, "You don't want me to suck it?" Jason gulped. "Well, I didn't—I didn't say that." Percy rolled his eyes. "No, you just made fun of me for wanting to—" "I did not!" "Whatever." Percy started to get out of the bed again, but Jason pulled him back. "No. You can . . . you can suck it. I mean . . ." Jason let go of Percy's wrist. "If you want." Percy almost rolled his eyes again. "I didn't think it would be such a big deal. I mean, you're my best friend." "But best friends don't—" "Right," said Percy. "Whatever. But you called out my name and I've been thinking about . . . about sucking it for so long, I thought it wouldn't be a big deal. Besides, just imagine how good it would feel." He looked out towards the window, thinking about leaving anyway. As soon as he had heard Jason say his name the night before, he'd felt sure Jason would help him. He was so certain Jason would be perfectly willing to do some of the things that Percy wanted so very badly, and yet didn't know how to ask for. For one thing,