Piper thinks Percy is totally cute. He's got that shaggy black hair, killer sea green eyes, big adorable smile and an absolutely amazing body. She totally doesn't get why he has so much trouble with girls. Yeah, he's kind of a huge dork and everything, but that just makes him cuter to her, so she's still confused. Until one day they're sitting alone at the table for lunch on the Argo, and she finally has to ask him; "How come you and Annabeth broke up?" "W-What?" Percy asks, his hand frozen before he can take a sip of his drink. "Annabeth," she repeats plainly, her head tilted to the side as she studies his face. "You broke up. You're totally hot and stuff, so how come you broke up?" "I- Piper, I don't really want to talk about this," he finally answers, avoiding her gaze. "How come?" Maybe he doesn't want to talk about it, but she really does. Percy shifts in his seat, wishing some of their friends would hurry up and join them. "Because it's kind of a sensitive subject and I'd rather not dwell on it." Piper continues to watch him, taking in the way he fidgets under her gaze until finally a light bulb goes off. "It's cause you're a virgin, right?" "What? No, I'm not!" "You totally are," Piper beams, pleased that she figured it out. "I can spot a virgin a mile away." "I'm not a virgin," Percy insists, and glancing around the Argo to make sure nobody can hear them. Once he's satisfied, he turns back to the girl beside him. "I'm not a virgin. I've had sex before. Once, last summer, with Annabeth." "Oh." Piper deflates a little, sad she hadn't figured it out after all. "Well, how was it?" Percy shrugs, trying to play it off. "It was good. I mean, it was over really fast and she was really experienced so I probably wasn't as good as the other guys she's been with, but..." "Oh," Piper says again, grimacing a bit at how dejected Percy looks when he shares that with her. She worries her bottom lip as she thinks, the perfect idea finally coming to her. "Oh. Oh! I know how to help!" "Help with what ?" "Help you keep a girlfriend," she elaborates like it's obvious. Percy shakes his head. "No, Piper, that's just, no," he struggles to answers, avoiding looking at her. "No, I don't need help. I don't… It's okay." "But don't you want a girlfriend?" she wonders, her head tilted again. Percy swallow thickly and he finally looks at the girl, a small smile tugging at his lips when he takes in her beautiful face. "Yeah, I do," he answers meaningfully, but he knows she doesn't catch it. "But I don't think it's gonna happen, so it doesn't matter." "It can totally happen!" Piper obliviously exclaims, grabbing onto his shoulder in excitement and shaking him. "You're super hot, and once I get through with you, any girl would be crazy not to want you!" "Get through with me?" Percy questions, ignoring the fluttering in his stomach at her touch. Piper beams. "I'm gonna teach you how to have sex!" Percy's eyes widen comically. "B-but, I already know about sex." "Yeah, but I'm gonna teach you how to be good at it," she says with a playful eye roll. "I don't, I don't think you can teach someone how to be good at sex," Percy tries to reason, his cheeks reddening by the minute. "I think it's like, it's something you just get better at." "You can totally teach it," she argues, wrapping her hand around his bicep. "I'm totally super smart at sex, since my mom is the goddess of love, so I can show you how to do everything you need to know." " S-Show me?" Percy stutters, not sure he's understanding her right or why he's even entertaining this conversation. A devilish grin spreads across Piper's lips. "You're like me, you're a more hands on learner, right?" All Percy can do is nod his head, his words stuck in his throat. It still takes a couple more days of convincing, but as always, Piper gets what she wants, and she has Percy in her room on the Argo by the next day. The others are away getting supplies, so they have the boat to themselves. Percy sits uncomfortably on Piper's bed, waiting for the girl to come back. He's never been in her room before and he tries to take it all in, but every time his eyes land on a picture of Jason, he cringes and immediately averts his gaze. They broke up weeks ago, and he's not technically doing anything wrong, but he knows Jason would be furious if he ever found out about what they were about to do. But this was Piper's idea, and he's only human. And in his defense, he really did try to fight it, but when the hot daughter of the goddess of love basically offers herself up to you on a silver platter, a guy can only resist for so long, ethics be damned. Just as Percy's beginning to get comfortable, Piper's bedroom door opens and she steps inside in nothing but a fluffy robe and a smile. "Hi," she grins, her giddiness obvious. She closes the door behind her and walks towards her friend, her fingers playing with the belt around her waist. "Are you ready?" Percy gulps, but nods, guessing they're getting right into this. "I, I think so." That's all Piper needs to hear before she's untying her robe and pushing it off her shoulders, leaving her standing completely naked in front of Percy. Percy's eyes get as big as saucers and his jeans suddenly get tighter. His eyes sweep over the entirety of Piper's body, his mouth watering as he takes in every inch of perfect tanned skin, from her pink nipples down to her shaved pussy. She's just as gorgeous as he always knew she was, and he has to clench his fists to stop himself from reaching out and touching every part of her. Piper takes in Percy's adoration with excitement, feeling super sexy under his lustful gaze. She lets him stare for a couple more minutes before she remembers what they're there for and snaps into teacher mode. "Okay," she claps, breaking Percy out of his stupor. "Let's get started!" Piper moves around to the side of her bed and crawls onto it, sitting down and sprawling her legs out in front of her. She wait until Percy has turned around before she starts. "I'm gonna skip the foreplay and kissing part because I'm assuming you've at least gotten to second base before and to be honest, it kind of makes me sleepy. I hope that's okay." "Yeah, yeah, of course," Percy immediately answers, trying his best to keep his eyes on her face and not her naked body. "Okay, cool," Piper smiles, leaning back a bit and spreading her legs. "So then, we're gonna start with learning how to finger a girl." She totally misses the shocked look on Percy's face as she lays back, spreading her legs wider for the boy. "Come lay beside me, on your side." Percy jumps to do as he's told, crawling onto the bed and laying beside the girl, propping himself up on his elbow. "Should I, I mean, should I take my clothes off too?" "Take off your shirt and jeans," Piper decides, waiting until he's lost his clothes before continuing. "You can keep your boxers on for now if you want." "Oh, I…" Percy hesitates, biting his lip, feeling shy under her gaze. He's hasn't been fully naked in front of a girl for a long time. The one other time he had sex, back when he was with Annabeth, was a quick fuck in her room after defeating Kronos. Piper senses his nerves and squeezes his forearm. "You don't have to take them off yet, it's okay." "No," Percy disagrees, suddenly making up his mind. "You're naked already, it's only fair, right?" Without waiting for an answer, Percy tugs his boxers off, revealing himself to the girl. Piper licks her lips at the sight of Percy's cock. It's a lot bigger than she expected, all thick and pink and beginning to harden as the boy grows aroused at the sight of her body. She stares for a moment longer before she hears Percy clear his throat. She grins when she sees the blush on his cheeks, but doesn't tease him, instead just tugs him back into place at her side, shuffling closer to him and feeling his erection poking her hip. "Okay, fingering," she reminds herself, taking a moment to clear her head. "Most important thing is making sure the girl is wet first. If you're any good at foreplay, that shouldn't be a problem," she explains, grabbing Percy's hand and placing it on her lower stomach, so his fingers are just grazing her slit. "Check me to see if I'm wet." Percy waits until she releases his arm before he tentatively starts moving his hand, smiling at the way Piper's body jumps a little when his finger makes first contact with her clit as he moves past it. He carefully trails his index finger through her soft folds, definitely feeling wetness coating the digit. "Yeah, you, you're wet," he tells her, a mixture of awe and pride in his voice. Did he do that to her? "Cause you're so hot," she jokes, even though it's true. It lightens the mood and gets Percy to grin at her in that way he does, and it helps ease the tension. She relaxes against the bed and widens her legs even more, giving him more access. "If she's already wet, you're doing something right, but it doesn't hurt to get her wetter. I like it when Jas- When someone sucks on my boobs while they finger me," she explains unabashedly. When Percy just looks at her, she rolls her eyes. "Suck on my boobs, Percy." "Oh, right," he laughs a bit awkwardly, but this time he doesn't hesitate when he leans down and wraps his large lips around the nipple closest to him, sucking the nub into his mouth. Piper moans and arches into Percy's mouth, her hand moving on autopilot as it tangles in his hair. "Don't forget to move your fingers," she reminds him in her daze. "Just, just go up and down to start and then, then touch my clit, the little button thing at the top." Percy follows her orders expertly, his mouth softly suckling at her nipple while his finger glides through her heat with ease and making her shiver. He fumbles a bit when he moves up to find her clit, so Piper takes his hand and helps him find it, leaving him there to do his thing. She lets out a shaky breath as he gets comfortable with it, his fingers slipping around it a few times before he's able to firmly press against it. "Is this good?" he asks, pulling away from her chest to watch her face for any reaction. He's struck by how beautiful she looks, her brown hair fanned out around her head, her cheeks rosy and her eyes shut. "So good," she whimpers, massaging his scalp absentmindedly. Percy continues to tease her, rubbing light circles over her clit until she can't take it anymore. "Inside," she begs, lifting her hips closer to his hand. "Put, put your fingers inside me now, Percy." Percy pauses his ministrations, frozen for a moment before Piper takes his arm again and guides it further down. "O-okay, okay, yeah, okay, I can, I can do that. I just, I just put my fingers inside you." "Slowly," Piper reminds him, propping herself up on her elbows for now, so she can see what Percy is doing. Both brunettes move their gazes down to