Annabeth has a habit of judging people. Most people seem to think that makes her a bitch, but she just likes to think she's keeping it real. Besides, she's basically always almost ninety percent completely right in all of her snap judgments, so are they really judgments, or just intuition? Either way, Annabeth "judges" people, and Percy Jackson? He has no game. Sure he's hot, like really hot, like Annabeth actually can't believe someone that hot could be cursed with such an insufferable personality, but the second he opens that mouth of his, he loses all of his appeal to her. Annabeth figured he'd be a huge nerd, considering he's Jason's best friend and everytfhing, but Piper swore he was hilarious and awesome and for a second Annabeth forgot about Piper's horrible taste in boys (she's the one dating Jason after all), and she let her set them up. And yes, when he walked in the door of the bar and started heading their way, maybe Annabeth felt a bit of a tingle in her lady parts, but then he introduced himself with some weird ass joke about blue food after seeing her blue Curaçao drink. She spends the rest of the night scowling at every impression Percy makes and rolling her eyes at the way Jason and Piper just laugh and laugh at him like he's the funniest fucking person they've ever met. Which is obviously complete bullshit because he is probably the least funny person ever born. "So what do you think?" Piper asks her when they go to the ladies room after an hour of listening to Percy talk about his boring move from New York City. Annabeth gives Piper an incredulous look. "What do I think ? What do I think ? Are you insane? Piper, how could you have possibly thought I would like that kid?" "He's cute and funny," the girl shrugs, not looking away from her reflection in the mirror. "Plus, and don't tell Jason this because he'd get all weird about it even though it happened before we started dating, he's really good in bed. Like really good." Annabeth scoffs and shakes her head, crossing her arms over her chest. "Yeah fucking right, Pipes. As if that big of a dork could ever be good in bed." "Seriously, he is." "Nevermind," Annabeth sighs, watching as her best friend caps her eyeliner and tosses it back into her purse before turning to look at her finally. "He's awful, Pipes. I don't do nerds." Piper shrugs, not sure why Annabeth's making a big deal about it. "Then don't do him. But you have to be nice, because we're the only people he knows in town, so he's probably gonna be around a lot." With that, Piper heads out the door and leaves Annabeth to stew for a bit longer before she eventually sucks it up and makes her way back out to their table, ready to spend the rest of the night biting her tongue after every ridiculous comment Percy makes. She somehow survives the rest of the night – and more impressively, Percy somehow survives the night, too – but Piper ends up being right. Percy does start hanging around a lot. Like, a lot, a lot, a lot. Like, anytime Jason comes over to their place, Percy is with him. Like, everytime they go to the bar or out to dinner or to the movies, Percy is there too. It's honestly pathetic. He's been here for a month and he hasn't made any other friends yet? And okay, maybe if she didn't want to hear his stupid blue food jokes for the hundredth time, she could also stop pathetically hanging out with Jason and Piper all the time and get her own boyfriend, but every guy she's met lately is awful and not even worth a first date, so excuse her if she's been playing third wheel lately, that doesn't make Percy any less pathetic for being fourth wheel. The worst part is that because Piper and Jason are always being all disgustingly cute and coupley, Annabeth always ends up stuck with Percy. When they drive anywhere, she's stuck in the back with him, when they go to dinner, she has to share the booth with him, and when they're hanging around the apartment and Piper and Jason head to bed early (to go fuck, Annabeth's not stupid, quite the opposite), she gets stuck sharing the couch and watching the rest of the movie with Percy because the boy cannot take a hint to save his life. She has to admit though, as annoying as Annabeth finds Percy and his continued presence in her life, it is kind of nice not to be the perpetual third wheel to her best friend and her perfect boyfriend anymore. It makes her feel slightly less pathetic when they go out to dinner and she can tell the waitress thinks they're on a double date instead of thinking she's the charity case single friend. Sure, the thought of someone thinking she'd actually date Percy makes her want to throw up a little, but it's not like a random person knows just how awful he is, and shallowly, she admits, he's not the worst. Those are public benefits, though. There's no silver lining to being forced to socialize with Percy inside the comfort of her own home. Or, well, that's what she thought (and whined endlessly about), anyway, until she finds herself stuck alone with Percy again one night, begrudgingly finishing the end of some movie she's not really paying attention to, the sounds of Piper and Jason's fucking echoing around the apartment. "Do they think we're deaf or something?" Percy asks awkwardly, speaking for the first time since the couple ditched them ten minutes ago. "They don't care if we can hear," Annabeth answers back, sipping her wine absentmindedly, not particularly bothered by the obnoxious noises coming from the other room. "Piper was born without the ability to feel shame and Jason is still so damn proud he gets to bang her that he loves reminding any and everyone any chance he gets." Percy shifts in his seat, clearly less comfortable listening to his friends than Annabeth is. He was used to hanging around them back home in NYC, but it was never like this in school. "They do this all the time?" "It's even worse when I'm trying to sleep and all I can hear is 'Oh god, Jason, yes, yes, yes !'" Annabeth shares, doing her best orgasming Piper impression. "Oh, Jason!" Piper's voice travels into the living room before Percy can reply, and Annabeth raises a hand as if to say 'see? ' "Oh god, right there, yes, yes, yes !" The two of them share a look, Percy's of horror and Annabeth's of amusement, before they both start laughing. It's probably the first moment since meeting him that Annabeth feels some kind of companionship with him. "Hopefully that means they're done then," Percy says with a laugh, a dopey grin on his face as he looks at Annabeth. He's so used to seeing her scowling, he's only just noticing how nice her smile is. Piper had raved to him about her new roommate and bestie when she met her last year, but since meeting her himself, he had wondered if she had confused Annabeth with another girl or something. "Oh no, they're just getting starting," Annabeth scoffs, sending the black haired boy a sympathetic glance as she takes another sip of her drink. "We've only been hearing Piper, which means she just got done riding Jason's face, which also means she's still gotta give him head and then we're in for at least two more orgasms before Jason blows his load." Percy's face drastically drops and his eyes widen. " What? How could you possibly know that?" "After about the fifteenth time of hearing it, I can pretty much give you the play by play," Annabeth answers with a nonchalant shrug, before doing just that when Percy looks dubious. With the movie completely forgotten, Annabeth does her best exaggerated moaning Piper impression between narrations of what she imagines the couple is doing in the next room. After a while Percy even gets in on it, doing his best Jason, and it's the first time he's done an impression where Annabeth hasn't wanted to punch him in the face. She doesn't know if it's the alcohol she's had, the laughter, the fake moaning, the real moaning or the length of time since she's last had sex, but eventually Annabeth somehow finds herself attached to Percy's lips. She doesn't even know who made the first move, she just knows that she has his tongue in her mouth and her hands in his hair and the sounds of her own moans have drowned out Piper's. As Percy pushes her onto her back and starts kissing down her neck, Annabeth has to admit that she can't even blame it on the alcohol, because despite what she plans on telling Piper or anyone if they ever find out, she's not actually drunk. Annabeth's fully in control of her decisions as she decides to pull Percy's shirt off, and she's definitely aware of her actions as she slips a hand between their bodies and reaches into his sweat pants and starts stroking his already hard cock in her hand. "Should we…" Percy starts, not being able to resist leaning down to kiss Annabeth's swollen lips once more before continuing. She looks really pretty with her messy hair and puffy lips and flushed cheeks, laid out underneath him. "Bedroom?" Annabeth shakes her head. "Here," she mumbles against his lips, tugging on his dick. "Just be quiet." And Percy is quiet, silently kissing her senseless again before pulling away just long enough to lean back and tug her pants and underwear off her legs, settling for just pushing his own down to his knees for now before nestling between her legs once more, nudging Annabeth's hand off his cock and replacing it with his own. Annabeth relents control for now, one hand wrapped around the back of Percy's neck to keep him close, the other underneath her shirt to grope at her tits as Percy starts trailing the head of his cock up and down her slit teasingly. "Stop," she groans, arching into him. "Stop teasing and get inside me." Percy is just about to do as she says, dragging his tip down to her pulsating entrance, before he freezes as he remembers an important detail. "I, I don't, I didn't, do you have a condom?" "Forget about it, I'm on the pill," she tells him in a rush, rolling her eyes a bit at his good boy act. She's never once been with a guy when a condom was his idea. But Percy Jackson would . "Just fuck me before I get sick of looking at you." Percy doesn't need to be told twice (well, okay, he kinda did, but in his defense, he was just trying to be a gentleman), and he sinks into Annabeth, her tight pussy stretching around his shaft to pull him in. Annabeth's breath hitches as he pushes in deeper, letting her leg drop off the side of the couch to give Percy more room to fit himself inside her. Percy's cock is bigger than Annabeth imagined and feels thicker in her pussy than it did in her hand just a moment ago, and she can't believe it's been so long since she's gotten dick that it feels this fucking good. That's the reason she's telling herself, anyway, her toes curling as Percy starts to pump into her, apparently getting the memo that she wants this fast and rough. He fucks her hard into the couch with strong and smooth thrusts, and Annabeth can't believe Percy's dick game is actually this strong, because she's seen him dance, and that body roll he always does