Author's Note: I'm not really sure what this is or convinced that I pulled it off, but as I tried to think of something to write for Gadge Day, this plot forced all others out of my head and demanded to be written. So here's the groundhog day au that literally nobody asked for. Happy Gadge Day! Please excuse any mistakes as this hasn't been beta'd and I didn't have time to do more than one edit of it. Disclaimer: I'm not Suzanne Collins and am merely playing in her sandpit for fun and a stubborn determination to give both Gale and Madge a better ending than the ones they got in canon. And the Day Goes On Gale stared at the reddish glow from what had been District 12 just a few hours earlier. He had never been fond of the district, seeing it as nothing but a cage designed to wear those who resided in it down, but now it was nothing but smoke and death, and it cut into his soul. He had always dreamed of running into the wilderness, of surviving off the land with no Capitol to tell him how to live, where to work, and how to die. However, in his fantasies it had always been on his terms. He would gather up his family and Katniss and go far away from the ever present shadow of the Hunger Games. Never once had he thought the Capitol would push him out. Yet, that is what had happened tonight. The Capitol had burned his world down and now he had nowhere to go but the wilderness. He turned to look at the weary ash covered survivors who sat in demoralised silence, huddled together for comfort more than warmth. It was so few out of a district of twelve thousand, but he was the only one who'd ever stepped foot in the forest and keeping just over eight hundred people alive was a daunting task. However, failure was not an option. No more people from District 12 would die on his watch. Relaxing his taunt shoulders, Gale turned towards the lake. It was the best source of water for such a large group of people and far enough from the district that if the Capitol sent in any Peacekeepers tomorrow to finish off any survivors they would remain undetected. With his family and those of his crewmates who had made it out, Gale got everyone up and moving. It was slow going, but just as the grey light of drawn began to fill the sky, everyone was at the lake. Resting his head against a tree, Gale closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep. And woke up in his bed back in the Seam. He stared around him for a few moments, confused and sure that he should be out in the forest, grubby and smelling of smoke, along with eight hundred other people. He gave a disbelieving laugh as he realised just how vivid his dream had been. He rubbed a hand over his eyes and felt gratitude that District 12 hadn't really been bombed. Then he remembered about Katniss and the Games going black and he vaulted out of bed, running through into the living space and turning the TV on. Please let there have just been some technical problem, he thought as he waited for the TV to warm up. A picture came up and Gale smiled as he saw that Katniss was fine. That she'd somehow reunited with Peeta and the rest of her allies. There was hope still that she could come out of the arena alive. He was striding back to the small room he shared with his brothers to get dressed for the mines, when he heard the male tribute from District 3 – Bee something – laying out a plan for taking out the remaining Careers, he stopped and frowned. The whole conversation sounded incredibly familiar and as he listened intently to the plan being outlined, he realised that it was the same one as yesterday morning. But how could that be? Had the Capitol lost all contact with the arena and was relying on playing replays rather than let the screen remain blank? His mother walked out of the room she shared with Posy and looked at him with raised eyebrows and said, "You're going to be late for the mines if you just stand there in your pyjamas." "Ma, I think the Games is still down. They seem to be playing replays from yesterday." "The Games are Down? What do you mean, Gale?" "You know, when Katniss shot that arrow into the force field and the screen went blank." Hazelle gave him a long concerned look. "Have you been dreaming again? Should I pop in and ask Pansy if there's a tea or something you should drink before sleeping." "No," he snapped, irritated that his mother was still going on about some of the vivid dreams he'd been having ever since he'd been whipped and been given some of the morphling that Pansy Everdeen had managed to get her hands on. He still didn't understand how she'd had some in her house, but perhaps Katniss had ordered some in from the Capitol just in case. It seemed remarkably long sighted for Katniss, but he wasn't complaining. "Well, yes," he corrected. "I did have some dreams last night, but not about the Games or Katniss. I dreamed the district was bombed." "Oh Gale," Hazelle said, running her hand along his shoulder in comfort. "That sounds horrible." "It was. Only eight hundred of us managed to get out, but that's beside the point, I'm confused as to why there is no new coverage of the Games today." "Are you sure you didn't dreamed about that as well? Nothing happened with the force field yesterday, thank goodness. I'm still recovering from Peeta almost being killed by it on the first day." The worst thing about Hazelle working up at Abernathy's house for the past couple of months had to be the rapport she seemed to have built with Mellark of all people. She was always going on about how he was such a nice boy and how sad it was that he had gone back into the arena with Katniss, which Gale didn't really appreciate. "I didn't dream this," Gale said, frustration bleeding into his voice. "How can you not remember the plan from that District 3 tribute? They were going to use the lightning tree to take out of the remaining careers." Hazelle peered closely into Gale's face. "I think you should stay at home today. I really don't think you're well enough to go down into the mines." "I'm not crazy, Ma!" She turned away from him and focused her attention onto the screen. Katniss and her group were still debating the plan. Hazelle listened intently and then turned confused eyes onto Gale. "This is the first time I've heard about this plan," she said. "But this happened yesterday on Day 3 of the Games. We're now on Day 4!" "Gale, sweetheart, are you sure you're feeling okay?" Hazelle asked, putting her hand up to feel his forehead. "It's Day 3 of the Games today ." Stumped at his mother's words, Gale could do nothing but stare at her. "That's it. You're definitely not going into work today." "Ma, I can't just take a day off," he said, rolling his eyes. "You can and you will. We're okay for money right now, Gale. Haymitch pays me more than both of us were bringing in combined before. I've even got some savings for the first time ever. We can afford for you to have one day off. Besides, what are they going to do? Fire you?" she said with a flash of wit. He reluctantly smiled at that and allowed his mother to usher him back into his bed. He wasn't sure how he'd managed to dream a whole day happening so vividly but apparently he had. But how did you manage to dream up that tribute's plan? a little voice asked, but he quickly dismissed it. He was not crazy. After his mother had gone up to the Victors' Village, Gale turned the Games back on. He hadn't been able to watch much of the coverage so far because he'd been down in the mines and he worried about how Katniss was coping under the mental strain of going back into the arena again. He ignored the little seed of doubt that remained in his stomach that he was reliving this day – he was just suffering from some kind of strange déjà vu where everything felt as if it had happened before, but hadn't. Unfortunately, the Gamesmakers seemed to be focusing on the remaining two careers this time – two brutes from District 2 who were terrifying in both appearance and attitude. The cameras rarely rested on Katniss and her allies for long, but it was obvious even from those small flashes that they were planning something. The injured District 3 tribute was analysing the lightning tree as Katniss and Peeta messed about with the force field – using it to roast nuts and small chunks of meat. Gale wished he didn't feel the wince of pain every time he saw Katniss and Peeta mucking about together, but he couldn't help it. It was highly unlikely that either of them would come out of the arena alive, which was not something he liked to dwell on, so he shouldn't be so petty as to grudge them they time they did have, but he did. It hurt to see them so at ease with each other, growing closer and closer. It represented just how much Katniss was drifting from him. Every day she spent as a victor was yet another day where he struggled to relate to her when Peeta didn't. He tried not to think about the scene they'd shared on the beach the night before with all those long kisses, but it constantly floated into his mind. How Peeta continued to try and sacrifice himself for Katniss, how he always put her first. Gale couldn't do that, not when his family relied on him so much. Was that what Katniss wanted? Someone who would always have her interests as his main priority? He couldn't blame her if it was. Her life since her father had died had been focused solely on Prim, just as his had been focused solely on his own family. Maybe that was Peeta's big draw for her. Shaking his head, Gale wanted nothing more than to drive his thoughts away, but he couldn't, not as he watched Katniss and Peeta on his screen continuously. He needed to get out. The woods would have been the obvious place for him to seek refuge, but the fence was on continuously now. It was a good job Abernathy had given Hazelle a better paid job, because food prices had soared as the district continued to suffer spoiled rations being transported in and he had no way of supplementing their diet with fresh produce from the forest. The meadow would have to do. It was the closest he could get to the woods inside the fences of District 12. School wasn't out yet so it should have been empty, but it wasn't. A solitary figure sat on the grass, her blonde hair glinting in the sun and contrasting with her drab school uniform. Madge Undersee. He scowled to see her there. He didn't hate her per se, but the advantages she had irritated him and he'd come here to try and clear his head, not focus on something else that frustrated him about his life. "Shouldn't you be at school?" he asked coming up behind her. She startled at his words and he couldn't help but smirk. He knew he made her nervous, Katniss had told him several times with a plea for him