March 31, 1989 Rory Alastriona MacKinnon sat on her bed, her little feet swinging, as she stared at the floor. This just wasn't possible! Was it? She had been minding her own business, reading, when she heard a voice in her head. She knew it wasn't her mental voice, the one she always heard when thinking to herself, because her own mental voice sounded…well, like her speaking voice, except it was in her head. This not only wasn't her voice, it was a boy's voice too! Rory hopped off her bed and began to pace. "This is impossible!" she muttered. :: No, it isn't, :: the boy's voice replied cheerfully. She spun around, glaring into the corner of her room. "Who's there?" she demanded. :: My name's Fred. And I promise this is real. Close your eyes. :: She sat back down in the middle of her bed and closed her eyes . :: Hi, Fred. I'm Rory. Okay…I'm sitting down and my eyes are closed. What now? :: :: Watch, ::, he said, and she could have sworn she heard a grin in his voice. She gasped aloud as she could suddenly see… "Who's that? Is that you?" she asked, awe in her voice. :: No, that's my brother, George. :: He turned his head and showed her the rest of his family, one by one. His older brother, Percy, younger brother Ron, younger sister Ginny, and parents Molly and Arthur. :: We have two older brothers too, Bill and Charlie ,:: he explained, and she nodded out of habit. "What do they do?" she asked. Fred was quiet a moment, and then he said, :: Bill is going to graduate this year. He wants to work for the bank. Charlie is still in school but has his heart set on working with animals, :: he told her, and she could have sworn there was just a moment's hesitation in his voice. She in turn told Fred a little about herself. She was born and raised in America until two years ago, when her father, David, was promoted at work and told he had to transfer abroad. But the company her father worked for had many offices all over the world, and they let him choose where to go. He chose the one in Edinburgh. :: Wow, that's far, :: Fred commented, sounding a little sad. "How far? Where do you live?" she asked, suddenly wanting to hug him and make him not feel sad anymore. :: Devon, and…thanks, Rory, :: Fred said softly, sounding shy. "For what?" she asked. :: For the hug. Doesn't seem like you're so far away, now. :: "What? How did you…" :: Would you believe me if I told you…I think it's magic? :: he asked her and he sounded very serious. "Well, why wouldn't I believe you? I mean…we're talking to one another but your voice is inside my head. So…why wouldn't I believe in magic at this point?" she replied somewhat logically. :: Good…but don't tell anybody. It's a secret. If anybody finds out I told you, I'll get in big trouble. :: Rory felt Fred grin. :: But then again, I'm used to trouble. :: "Okay…I won't tell." :: Thanks. :: "Hey, Fred…what do you look like?" she asked, more than a little curious, as she'd seen pretty much everyone in his family, albeit through his eyes. :: Nope…not telling, :: he told her, but she got the distinct impression he was smiling. "Another one of your secrets?" she asked with a grin of her own. :: Yeah. Hey…what do you look like though? :: he asked, trying to change the subject on her. "I don't know…you won't tell me. Why should I tell you?" :: You saw my brother George, right? I look like him…only better, :: he grinned and she could feel it. Giggling, she replied, "That doesn't tell me much." :: It does too…if you think about it a bit. And you sound pretty smart. :: "Why, thank you, Fred," she replied with a smile. To reward him for the compliment, she got up off the bed and stood in front of the mirror attached to her dresser. "There. Plain little me," she told him, letting him see her pale complexion, dark hair and soft green eyes as she began opening her dresser drawers and picking out clothes for the next day. :: You're not plain ,:: he told her honestly, and she got the sense that he was embarrassed though, so she said nothing, but smiled at him through the mirror. Then her parents came into the room, and told her it was time for bed. She crawled under the covers, gave her parents hugs and kisses and told them goodnight. Before they left however, she looked up at her mother. "Mom…how far is Devon from here?" "About a seven and a half hour drive. Why?" her mother asked curiously. "Oh…it's where my friend Fred lives," she replied, and she could feel his shock and surprise. :: I told you not to tell! :: he hissed at her. :: Relax…they'll think you're my imaginary friend…that I'm making you up. :: "Is Fred a nice boy?" her mother asked, and Rory could tell she was humoring her. :: See…told you! :: "He's great," she replied, and now it was his turn to be able to tell she was sad about something. When the lights were off and the only illumination in the room was the moonlight coming in through her window, a single tear fell down her cheek as she whispered, "Good night, Fred." She could have sworn she felt someone give her a hug just then. :: Thanks, Fred. :: :: Good night, Rory. See you tomorrow. :: When Rory woke up the next morning, she felt a sense of extreme happiness. Acting on a hunch, she changed clothes quickly then whispered, "Fred?" :: Morning, Sunshine, :: he replied immediately and she broke out in a smile. "Why're you so happy?" Before he could answer, his brother Percy came into his room and told him that their mother wanted him and George downstairs. He sighed and the three boys went downstairs. "Cheer up, Gred," his other brother grinned as they descended the single story between their floor and the main floor of the house. "Why's that, Forge?" he asked and Rory could feel instantly that something was wrong. :: Are you okay? :: she asked worriedly. :: Don't be mad. :: "You know what today is," his brother grinned at him, and as they entered the living room the entire family happily shouted "Happy Birthday!" The living room and kitchen were lovingly decorated, a large banner proclaiming HAPPY BIRTHDAY FRED AND GEORGE strung across one living room wall. Rory gasped. :: It's your birthday? And…there are two of you? You're twins? :: :: Yeah. You're not mad are you? :: She grinned. :: That depends. Which one of you am I talking to? :: :: Both of us! :: they chorused as one. Before she could get a straight answer out of them, they were dragged away by their family for a day of celebration. :: Happy Birthday, Fred and George! :: she called to them. She could feel their answering smiles warm her from the inside out. "Rory, dear, come downstairs please," her mother called. "We need to plan lessons for next week." "Coming, Mom," she called, bouncing down the stairs and heading straight for her box of art supplies. She hauled out construction paper, markers, paint, scissors, glue, glitter and stencils and set them all out on the kitchen table. "You go ahead and figure out what we'll do this week, Mom. It's okay. I have to make a card for Fred and George," she explained as she got to work tracing and cutting patterns and letters. "Fred is your new friend, right?" her father asked, sipping his coffee. "So who's George?" "His twin brother. Today's their birthday," Rory replied, paying careful attention to her work. Her mother set a plate of bacon, eggs and toast and a glass of orange juice down within Rory's reach, yet out of the way of her project. Glancing up at her mother, Rory smiled. "Thanks, Mom." "Tell Fred and George 'happy birthday' for your father and I, won't you?" "Sure, Mom, she grinned over her shoulder as her mother hauled her father out of the room by the ear when he started grumbling about her and her 'imaginary friends'. Her parents were still arguing some time later when the card was finished. Rory ran upstairs and set it out on her dresser so the glue could properly dry. She could hear her father praising her creativity and imagination but complaining that her pretend friends were boys. "So what?" her mother snapped. "David, really…would you rather she not be creative at all? Did you even notice the thought and care she put into that card?" "Melinda…it's not that. I just wonder…why none of her friends are girls," her father sighed. She knocked on their closed bedroom door. "Mom? Dad?" "Come in, honey," her mother called. Rory walked in, crossed her arms, and glared up at her father. "For your information, Dad…all of Fred and George's siblings are brothers…except for Ginny, who is…hold on. Fred, George, can you hear me?" she called out. :: Yeah, Sunshine. What is it?:: "Fred…how old is Ginny?" :: Wha…how did you know it was me? :: he demanded, shocked. "Never mind that now…I'll tell you later." :: She's seven, Red. Why do you ask? :: "Red? Why are you calling me Red, George?" she asked, eyes going wide with surprise at the nickname. :: Tell you later ,:: he replied, laughing as he cut off the telepathic link. She groaned. "Okay…their little sister Ginny is seven years old. They have four brothers: Charlie, Bill and Percy, who are older than them. Ron is younger, I think but I don't know how much. Happy now, Dad?" Rory asked, stomping back out in a huff and taking her breakfast into the backyard. Rory couldn't really blame her father for not believing her. After all, it was what she had said she wanted the night before. But there was a small part of her that wished he did believe her…she knew Fred and George were real. But she had no way of proving it to her parents. Besides, what if George was right…and their ability to talk to one another like this was some kind of magic…and she had it…they had it…but her parents didn't? What on earth did that mean then? Suddenly she felt a warm pressure on her shoulders. Her head jerked up from where it had been hanging down as she stared into her lap, deep in thought. "Fred? George?" :: What it means, Sunshine… :: :: Is that you're special, Red. :: Special. Huh. She could handle that. The following two and a half months flew by in a flurry of activity for both Rory and the twins. Rory finished her schooling for the year, and when her mother gave her the final grades, she had passed all her classes with flying colors. The twins completed their own schooling for the year, as they had told her Bill, Charlie and Percy would be home from school soon and the family was planning on going away for the summer. She had then begun reading her favorite book series, The Lord of the Rings , from the beginning, as was her habit every summer since her mother had given her the set two years before. Oftentimes, she shared the books with Fred and George, who had never read them before and were fascinated with the tales. The morning of Rory's eleventh birthday in the middle of June was warm and thankfully dry. Her parents had told her she could do whatever she wanted that day. What she really wanted was to have her parents