*.*.*.* CHAPTER ONE THE GIRL WITH THE SERPENT TATTOO A nyone who knew Sophia Parish would describe her as a quiet, pleasant young lady, if a little radical and ambitious—but that was par for the course in Slytherin house. She had a sly mischief about her that betrayed itself in the corner of full lips when they formed her secretive little smile. It was in the glitter of her eyes when she looked at people sometimes—like she knew something they didn't, and was trying desperately not to laugh at them. Though, perhaps she was not representative of all Slytherin traits… For one thing, she seemed willingly oblivious to the rigid social hierarchy the house tended to demand of its students. She was particularly studious and quite a talented witch at that, when most girls of her generation were more focused on relationships and arranged nuptials rather their aptitude with a wand. Her head of house, Professor Slughorn, despaired over her disinclination towards networking, and when he'd questioned her about her future career choices, she'd baffled him by launching into a lengthy and complicated explanation of strange astronomical and alchemical equations that coincided closely with some extremely esoteric reaches of muggle studies, at which point he had stopped listening. The girl was generally polite to everyone, but as her mind usually existed on another plain of reality entirely, she kept to herself for the most part, save for a scattering of acquaintances from other houses, and her best friend, Eileen Prince—whom she was rarely seen without. Most of her housemates chose to view her as an amicable eccentric, always ready to lend a hand to those falling behind on their studies, and left it at that. But none of them, save, perhaps, Eileen, really knew who she was. The girl, despite her friendliness, was an intensely private person…and reasonably so. The term of 1942 was a bad time to be a muggle-born in Slytherin. The Chamber of Secrets has been opened… said the line of bloody writing on the wall. Enemies of the Heir beware… Sophie didn't know if he was trying to rhyme or not, but overall, she thought it a fairly poor choice of words. Then again, Riddle had always had a sick sense of humor, she thought grimly… She felt her eyes unconsciously drifting over towards the other end of the table, but somewhere in her head, a mental rubber band snapped, and they zipped back to her egg-in-a-basket with a start. One does not acknowledge the existence of future dark lords, if at all conceivably possible, she reminded herself sharply. Overcompensating for her almost lapse, she put far too much concentration towards cutting into the toast with her knife and fork. She'd already made that dismal mistake when she tried being nice to him on the train, but it only seemed to make him suspicious of her. Their entire first year, he watched Sophie with wary eyes as if he suspected she was out to steal his soul! Which really was ironic, incidentally… In any other situation, it might have even been comical. But Tom Riddle was a highly intelligent young man, with a knack for judging the character of others, and in all honesty, he was right to be suspicious of her. After all, Sophie was hiding something of much greater consequence; something that made the misfortune of her muggle parentage seem absolutely trivial in comparison… And Tom Riddle was one of those people who could just tell when someone was untruthful with him. Perhaps because he was often untruthful himself, and recognized it easily in others? Like him, Sophie was very rarely genuine with her true feelings. Much of her friendliness and eccentricity was over-exaggerated—a carefully maintained ruse she used to keep others at arm's length. For various reasons, this did not work on Tom Riddle, (nor on Eileen Prince, for some reason Sophie still didn't understand) … In any case, it was almost a given that the boy shut down all her overtures of friendship early on, before they could really gain purchase; something she felt she should have anticipated from the start. If she'd given up on the (doomed to fail) friendship scheme earlier, she could have employed her avoidance gambit with much more success, and it would have saved her a good deal of grief. This year, however, seemed to be nothing but grief… It all started when Ogg, the school's game-keeper, had found all the roosters slaughtered. It caused some alarm for a short time, but no one panicked or roused up too much of a fuss. No one but Sophie, anyway. Next went the spiders—tumbling after each other out of the castle in eerie, single-file queues no one but Sophie seemed to notice. Normally, she would have been happy to see the last of the eight-legged-menaces, but in this case…well… Everything seemed to be going fine until Mary Hammond was found. Now, already, several people she knew had been petrified. Sophie knew, in her special way of knowing things, that it was only a matter of time before someone ended up dead … And if Riddle found out her secrets…she wouldn't be the only one in trouble. "Are you feeling alright?" Eileen's squeeze of her hand made Sophie jump, blinking quickly out of her staring match with her uneaten toast. "Sorry," she said quickly to her friend, her voice coming out rather breathless. "I'm just…" Eileen eyed her critically with those cynical black eyes of hers, and Sophie was—as always seemed to be the case with this particular witch—compelled to tell the truth, "… worried ." The girl's abyssal eyes softened incrementally, and she squeezed her hand once again in silent consolation. As a muggle-born, Sophie had a right to be terrified, and they both knew it. Unbeknownst to Eileen, Sophie was worried about much more than that …but the Prince girl's secret power seemed to be squeezing information out of Sophie like twisting a dishrag dry. " Everyone is worried…" she verged, eyeing Sophie closely. "What are you worried about, specifically?" Sophie's stomach flipped upside-down and she felt what little color she had in her face drain from it sluggishly. "What would you say if I told you, hypothetically…" she began, leaning in to scarcely breathe in the other girl's ear, "that I know exactly who is responsible for all this…?" Eileen's expression very deliberately did not change. Then she looked Sophie dead in the eye, and said, "…I'd tell you to stay the hell out of his way." Sophie blinked, stricken…but she couldn't say she was surprised. After all, that's what she'd been trying to do for the past six years, with varying amounts of success. But this time…this time it just felt wrong . She leaned in even closer to whisper almost inaudibly, "What if I told you that, at this very moment, he's sitting three seats over and one across from you…?" Don't look at Riddle, don't look at Riddle—sweet Merlin —don't look at Riddle, don't look at Riddle… Neither of them looked. (That would be acknowledging the existence of a future dark lord, and Sophie hadn't deliberately been that self-defeating since her first year). Instead, after daintily patting her lips with a napkin, Eileen stood from the table abruptly—though not without her ubiquitous poise—quietly grabbed Sophie's wrist, and dragged her out of the Great Hall without much ado. The Prince girl continued in this abrupt manner, sweeping down the corridor until they reached a suitable broom closet before proceeding to unceremoniously shove Sophie into it. She was immediately after her, securing the door, warding and locking it magically behind her. And within less than a moment, she was upon her. " Are you insane?" she hissed at her furiously. Half-bemused, half-chagrined, Sophie shrugged. "At this point? If I'm not yet, then I'm certainly going to be." She paused then added, "If I'm not dead by the time this is over, that is." Eileen pinched the bridge of her nose in vexation. "That is not what I want to hear, Sophie." "Well, I'm sorry ," she shot back, sounding anything but, "but I don't know what I'm supposed to do—and I don't see you offering up any helpful suggestions!" "I gave you my suggestion," Eileen pointed out flatly, her eyes hard. "What, to stay out of his way?" Eileen nodded. Sophie stared, completely nonplussed. "You mean to say I should just watch this all play out then? That I should just… not do anything?" "Do you have any proof?" her logical friend fired off. "Not an ounce of it," Sophie answered tonelessly. "Then yes, that's exactly what I mean to say," Eileen summed up emotionlessly. At Sophie's horrified, colorless expression, the girl expressed with an air of heavy exasperation, "You're not a Gryffindor , Sophie! This isn't something you can just charge at head on! You need proof." Sophie's green eyes entreated her friend almost desperately. "You… you believe me, don't you, Leenie?" she whispered, so anxious she was close to tears. At the flicker of doubt in her friends eyes, she grasped onto her, jabbering, "It's him , Leenie, I know it's him— please , you have to believe me—" Eileen squeezed both her hands reassuringly, and said, "Of course I believe you—but it's not me you need to convince, it's Dippet. Find some proof, and bring it to Dumbledore. Everyone knows he hates Ri—" she broke off, as if saying his name might summon him, and shortly amended, "—You-Know-Who…" Sophie's eyes widened at the familiar epitaph, and she suddenly burst into hysterical laughter, startling Eileen into letting go of her hands. "I'm sorry—I'm sorry, it's just, I-I…" Sophie hiccupped, wiping tears away from her eyes, "I think I really might be going insane…" Her cynical friend clucked her tongue with disapproval. "Too much stress," she muttered, eyeing Sophie with a critical eye and tapping her chin in thought. "I'll make you something that should help you become less of a nervous wreck later. This should help for now…" She waved her wand wordlessly and Sophie was immediately filled with warmth from the silent cheering charm. It wouldn't last for long, but it would at least help her save face for the time it would take her to calm down on her own. She smiled gratefully, and joined their arms when Eileen offered hers without prompting, discretely exiting the broom closet. "Thanks…" she murmured genuinely, leaning against the other girl companionably. "I'm glad you're my friend, Eileen." She sniffed derisively, and pointed out, "Who else would want to be your friend?" Sophie grinned at her, knowing not to take offense to her sardonic remarks. In fact, Eileen's snarky attitude was what Sophie loved most about her. She spoke her mind, regardless of how cold and sarcastic everyone else found her. The girl had a cutting sense of humor that appealed to Sophie on several different levels. And yet, deep down, under all the Slytherin and Pureblood pomp, Eileen had a heart of gold. Not only that, but she played a mean game of gobstones. If she didn't have such an obvious (and terrible ) taste in men, Sophie would probably ask Eileen Prince to marry her someday. But today, she merely smiled and said, " That , my dear, is a question I'm quite happy not to know the answer to..." .*.*.*. S ophie took Eileen's words to heart, and after Charms let out, she bid her friend adieu and headed directly for the library. Her shoulders were hunched and she was careful not to look up from the floor, ears pricked for any telltale sounds of slithering, rough scales on stone, or worse , hissing… She knew exactly what she was looking for, but naturally, whenever she found herself around an unnatural number of books, she found herself getting distracted. Not only did she manage to locate her damning evidence, but she picked out several different volumes that interested her, some of which seemed