"You look like a mother." Hanna gasped, and turned to the doorway. A silhouette she knew very well, stood there. "Éowyn," She breathed, placing a hand to her breast, "You frightened me." "I am sorry my friend." The blonde entered the room, and stood beside her friend. In Hanna's lap lay the small girl from the plains, Freda. She was terribly frightened without her mother, and it had almost been second nature for Hanna to come to her aid. "She's a pretty little thing, isn't she?" "She'll be beautiful when she's older," Hanna nodded, "Her brother will have to beat off suitors with a sword." The two women shared a smile, and the little girl squirmed. "You look so natural with her." Éowyn spoke, softly. Hanna looked to her curiously, "One wouldn't expect the sword maiden of Rohanto be so adept with the keeping of children." Hanna's mouth turned down for a few moments. "Éowyn, this is where you and I differ. I would drop my sword and shield at once if my duties as a mother called me to…." Hanna glowed with a warm excitement, "I hadn't realized till just now," She gazed adoringly at Freda, "How much I want to be a mother. It never even occurred to me, but now I'm so very…eager." She smiled back at Éowyn. Éowyn looked thoughtful for a moment, before running her hand over Freda's small blonde head. "I hope Éomer sees you like this one day." Hanna gasped, widened her eyes and looked quickly at Éowyn, but her lifelong friend was already out the door. Éomer had been banished, dastardly by his own flesh and blood. It had been long, since her forlorn friend had even spoken to her about her brother. Though he had been gone only a few sunsets and rises, the loss of his presence was throughout the city of Edoras. The soldiers that were forced to stay, or stayed for their families did not seem as full of hope or courageous without their fearless leader there beside them. Éowyn had been incredibly distressed and morose since her brother had left. All of the heir's duties had been put upon her crumbling shoulders, as Theodred was no longer with them either. She walked without a destination all throughout the Golden Hall's passages. She kept to herself, and her derelict uncle. Hanna missed her friend's smile, and witty remarks. Éowyn had long made friendly jabs at Hanna's appearance or Hanna's closeness to Éowyn's older brother. Hanna had also felt a hole within her because of Éomer's unwanted departure as well. They had long been friends, ever since her 6th summer, and his 8th. Éowyn was 4 years younger than Hanna, and therefore hadn't been of the playing age when they came to Edoras. Hanna's family, being herself and her three older brothers, were all given homes within the guards' barracks when they arrived alone to the city from the West. Her two older brothers had been given honorable posts as Rohirrim, and she and her middle brother were working in the Royal Stables. It was there that Éomer and Hanna chanced to meet each other's acquaintance. Rag-tag and small, Hanna sat in the rafters of the royal stable at Edoras. She kicked her small feet back and forth, and looked over all the horses. She smiled as a couple of the Paints mellowed at each other, then leaned back to look through the hole in the roof towards the sky. Clouds were rolling by endlessly, and Hanna failed to notice when the large wooden doors opened to the stables. " Hey, stable boy!" An amused voice yelled from the floor of the stable. Hanna sat up an angry little look on her face, then remembered the small cap she wore, keeping her curly blonde hair out of her face. She looked down from the rafters to see a young man and a boy standing there, the older of the two being the prince, Théodred. She gasped and looked nervously around before jumping from the rafters and landing on her feet in front of them. "Prince Théodred, what is it you wish?" Théodred blushed at his mistake, and rubbed the back of his neck. "Eh, Good afternoon Hanna." She nodded in agreement, "This," He pushed his companion forward, "Is Éomer. He is my father's sister-son, and my cousin." He slapped the blonde haired boy on the shoulder, smiling proudly down at him, then continued, "He is in need of a great steed. He starts his training today as a guard." Hanna nodded then turned her attention to the boy. He looked about her age. Éomer, as Théodred had called him, had flushed cheeks, and a sad look on his face. "A guard, my lord?" She asked quietly, still looking the boy over. Theodredsighed, and spoke, his tone very low, "He shall be staying with us for awhile, Hanna." Hanna's mouth turned into a small 'oh' as she realized the prince's meaning. She grabbed hold of Éomer's hand, "Come, my lord, I'll show you the younger horses." She smiled at him. Éomer was a curious boy, but Hanna supposed he simply missed his family like she did. She lead him outside the large stable, and into the smaller one next door. She opened the regular sized wooden gate, and lead him in. "You know how to ride, my lord Éomer?" The boy stood straighter, and prouder, "Of course," She heard his smoothvoice for the first time, "What sort of relation to the King do you take me for?" Hanna giggled, placing a small hand over her mouth, and Éomer beamed at her. "You don't think me of Gondor, do you?" He continued, pining Hanna to giggle, which she did. She bent over in laughter, and Éomer continued his pathof making her laugh. It brought a smile to his face, and hers', to see happiness. That whole first meeting, Éomer had set to impressing her with his wit, and in return gaining a self-assurance that he truly needed. They were good for each other. They had stayed close companions after their first meeting, as Éomer had to fetch a horse everyday for his training they talked mildly, then started meeting when he brought his steed back. They enjoyed each other's company because neither really knew any other children their age. Soon though, Éomer started teaching Hanna the lessons he learned, and very soon they were up to par with each other. When Éowyn finally caught up with them, in skill and stature, they were extremely close friends. They met almost every other day, Éomer would speak mostly and Hanna would listen, or they would share equal conversation. " They're sending me out to lead a patrol with Théodred's men in three days." Éomer said, offhandedly. " Well, that's big news." Hanna said, grabbing the reins of a horse outside the stable, where she still worked at her 18 years, "'Good' news, right?" " It should have been good news, seven summers ago. Uncle has spoiled me." He spoke, kicking some fallen hay on the ground. He followed her into the stables, as she led the horse to his pen. " No, he simply cares for you, Éomer." She said, wiping the sweat off her forehead withthe back of her arm. "Where are you set to lead your patrol?" She asked, lifting a clay jug filled withwater to fill the horse's troth. " The West Border." He spoke quickly. Her home. Hanna gasped as she dropped the jug, and it cracked into several small pieces, one of which landed in her hand. She winced, and started at the shard, "Oh really?" She said, trying to sound calm. She was nervously fiddling with the wound in her hand, when two larger ones grabbed her hand. She inhaled sharply, and looked up to Éomer's concentrated face. She studied his large blue eyes, as he made quick work of her hand. She hadn't noticed how deep they were before. " There." Éomer spoke finally. He looked up from his work, their faces suddenly very close. Hanna's lips twitched with unknowing curiosity, and something within her made her close her eyes and slowly lean in. Éomer apparently had the same revelation for his eyes narrowed passionately as he leaned forward as well. Their lips met in the featherinessof the lightest kiss, then bothpulled away slowly. They blinked their eyes open, and stared into the others' eyes, slowly realizing what had just happened. Hanna breathed out a short breath, and Éomer breathed inwardly, a long breath through his nose. Both having unsure looks on their faces. " EW!!!!!!!!!" A childish complaint broke them out of their spell. They both darted their heads in the direction of the moment-breaking voice. " Éowyn…" Éomer growled angrily, dropped Hanna's hands, and stomped short steps towards the menace. They teenage girl's eyes widened nervously, and she broke out into a sprint as far away she could get from her older and stronger brother. Éomer turned back to a wide eyed Hanna, her pale fingers touching her lips amazedly. "Hanna…" But he couldn't find anything to say. He just studied her, and she him. Her long curls had never seemed as inviting to his fingers before, nor had his touch been so euphoria inducing to her before. She hadn't noticed how well he had filled out since he'd grown, and he hadn't realized she-How had he not realized she was so beautiful? Had they been so caught up in each others' lives that they had forgotten to notice each other? They had thought they knew every aspect of one another, but hadn't these attributes always been there? " Éomer!" Another voice broke them out of their observations. A tall figure jogged in, "Oh, hello Hanna." Théodred's voice spoke. No one answered him, they just continued to stare at each other, causing Théodred to look confusedly between the two. "Um…Éomer?" " Yes, cousin?" Éomer asked, still looking into Hanna's large hazel ones. " Father…Father has asked-" He walked over to Éomer, and stepped in front of his view of Hanna, "Father has asked that if we are to leave, we leave tomorrow, not in three days as was planned. Is that…" He looked back at Hanna's dazed glance, "alright?" " Hm?" Éomer asked, breaking out of his daze, "Oh, yes. Of-Of course." " Well." Théodred breathed reassured, "We should go meet with the men, and plan our course." he put his arm around Éomer's shoulders, leading him out of the stable. He continued to make conversation, as he lead Éomer out. Éomer looked behind and over Théodred's shoulders to see Hanna. Their eyes met and they both smiled as Hanna waved goodbye. Hanna smiled at that memory, as she lifted Freda onto the bed beside her brother. She tucked the little girl in, and kissed her forehead. "Sleep well little ones." She ran her hand down the boy's lush cheek, then turned and walked out of the room. She closed the door softly, and walked back into the Great Hall. The large room was empty and dark, except for the small flame that remained in the pit at the center of the room. She walked towards the pit, eyeing the pack she had left there when she'd left to care for Freda. It was a small leather satchel, holding a few herbs, and stale bread. Underneath the pack, on the long bench beside the fire, was her sword. She lifted the blade slowly towards the sky, eying the sheen it held with the firelight. She swiftly slashed through the air, twisting her wrist, performing several motions that she and Éomer had learned together. "I must be crazy." She whispered to herself, sheathing her sword, and placing it on the ground beside the bench. She laid on the bench facing the ceiling, and rubbed the bridge of her nose with her fingers. "Not quite my dear." A warm voice spoke from above her. She opened