Disclaimer: I don't own the song or the characters. Sadly they belong to Scotty McCreery and Stephenie Meyer! Girl you know I love talking to you on the phone I could listen to your sweet voice all night long Sometimes I can get by, with a sweet dreams baby good night, But this time, well I don't wanna spend it alone Alice sat, silently and very still, as she waited for the call. It was early, roughly around seven, and she sat against her bed's headboard, her pixie cut sticking up in odd places and her light purple pajamas in disarray. "Alice?" a voice sounded from behind the door of her bedroom. "Sweetie, are you awake?" She moved herself off of her mass of pillows before padding over to the door and opening it to find Esme standing in the hallway, fully dressed for the day. "Yeah," Alice said as she leaned her body against the door frame," I'm just waiting for Jazz to call." Esme smiled. "Oh, alright. I'm leaving and I should be back around noon and your father already left. I know you don't like being home alone but Edward should be over a little later with Renesmee to keep you company." Alice nodded and hugged her foster mother. "Thank you for letting me stay here, mom." "Oh, you're welcome here anytime, you know that." Esme rubbed her back comfortingly. "Besides, your father and I love to have you. Tell Jasper we love him?" "Of course!" Alice smiled and kissed Esme's cheek before she walked towards the stairs and disappeared from sight. The young girl closed her door and skipped back towards her bed before gracefully jumping back into her sheets. It had been a hard eight months since Jasper left to fight in Iraq. When the young couple had come up from Houston and announced the news to their parents, Alice was welcomed to stay in her old bedroom in Forks until he came back, so she packed her bags and moved in with Carlisle and Esme. She also had frequent visits from her siblings. Edward, Bella, and their daughter, Renesmee lived right down the road and were at the house almost every day, especially when Carlisle was working and Esme was out shopping for the family. Rosalie and Emmett lived in Seattle, so they made their visits whenever they could both get time off from their jobs, which was seldom, but still regular. It was fourteen hours ahead in Iraq, so every morning since he had left, Alice set her alarm for seven o'clock and sat patiently, waiting for him to call. Alice shifted as her phone started to ring. She quickly grabbed it from her nightstand and pressed the answer button. "Hello?" "Hey, darlin'." A wide grin slowly appeared on Alice's face as she listened to his southern twang ringing through the phone. "Jazz!" Jasper chuckled through the phone. "Lord, darlin', I miss you." "I miss you, too, Jasper." Alice sighed as she stared at the ceiling. "Esme, Carlisle, and the siblings send their love." "Oh, yeah? I love them, too. Just about as much as I love hearing your voice over the phone. " he laughed. "What have you been up to? Keepin' busy?" Alice sighed, yet again, knowing Jasper wouldn't be happy with her answer. "Not really..." Jasper groaned. "Alice, you cannot just stay shut up in that house the whole time I'm gone." "I don't! I promise, Jasper, I do get out once in a while...it's just not fun without you..." "Well, I'm glad to hear I'm one of the only people that can entertain you. At least I know I'm doing something right." "Of course! Would you think anything different?" "No, not really." Jasper chuckled. The couple talked nonstop for an hour, speaking about their family members, what it was like in Iraq, and Alice's nights out with Esme, Rosalie, Bella, and sometimes, Renesmee. "The most recent girls night out was spent in Seattle and consisted of dinner, shopping, and an amazing performance of The Phantom of the Opera." Alice smiled. "It was so amazing, Jasper, you would have loved it!" Alice and Jasper had spent many hours in the Houston Grand Opera house, watching and donating money to the performances, as well as performing. "Jazz, remember when we were in The Phantom of the Opera? You played the best Phantom!" "Of course I remember. You were the most exquisite Christine the opera could have. It definitely wasn't hard acting like I was obsessed with you." Alice blushed. "Oh, Jasper...you need to come home soon." "I know, darlin'...it's only four more months." "Four months too long..." "Alice, it's almost 10:30 here, darlin', I'm gonna have to go." The two stayed silent for a moment, realizing that they had a few more minutes to hear the other's voice. Alice turned onto her side and looked at the two pictures of her and Jasper. One at their graduation and one from the night he proposed. In the graduation picture they were just standing side by side, Jasper's hand in his jeans pocket while Alice had her thumb hooked into her back pocket. In the other, Alice was sitting in Jasper's lap with her mouth open and her right arm wrapped around his back while Jasper was making an odd face at the floor and his right hand laced with her left. The images started to blur as tears formed in Alice's dark brown eyes. "I love you, Alice." Jasper whispered. "I love you, too, baby." Alice's voice quivered. The tears started streaming down her face and she sniffed. "Alice, darlin', don't cry. You'll be okay, I'll be okay, and we will make it through this." Alice nodded as if Jasper could see her. "I know." "Have a good day, Alice." "Sweet dreams, baby, good night." Got a couple hundred pictures of your beautiful face On my phone, on my dash, all over the place But I would drive a million miles Just to see your little smile in real life And baby it's worth the drive, You're worth the drive "Hey, Jasper, man." Jasper looked over to the door of the barrack's rec room to see his best friend, Peter, walk through the door. "Hey, Pete." "What are you doing?" Jasper looked back at the picture he had been admiring before. "Just wallowing in this picture of my beautiful wife." In the photo, Alice was sitting on their kitchen floor wearing one of his white tux shirts, blue denim shorts, black stockings and yellow heels while smiling at something to the left of the camera. Jasper couldn't describe her beauty in words. "Oh, yeah. I do that once in a while, too." Jasper scoffed and cocked an eyebrow. "Once in a while? You do it everyday." "I was being modest, dumbass." "Please, you don't know the meaning of the word." Peter nodded. "Yeah," he said as he grabbed a beer and pulled up a chair next to Jasper, "we all know I'm too complex for that anyways." The two men laughed. "Lord, I feel sorry for Charlotte." "Shit, my wife is more complex than I am." Peter explained. Jasper looked down at the photo once more before folding it up and tucking it into his pocket like always. "The next four months can't come fast enough." "I'll drink to that." Peter said as he gulped down the alcohol. "Jesus, can you believe I'll be a father when I get home?" Jasper smirked and looked over at the his friend. "Are you ready?" "Honestly?" Jasper nodded. "Nope." Peter replied, making the 'p' pop. "I'm scared, man." Jasper understood the feeling, even if he wasn't expecting a kid. It's terrifying being in the middle of a war while your loved ones are in a completely different country. He could only imagine what it's like for them. Charlotte was pregnant and stressing over her husband coming home, safe and sound. Jasper was glad Alice wasn't in that situation. She already worried enough. "You're gonna be a great dad, Pete." Jasper said as he clapped his friend on the back and grabbed a beer from the cooler next to him. "Awwww," Peter cooed, already buzzed and out of it," thanks, uncle Jasper." Jasper just laughed. "Jesus Christ, you are such a lightweight." He clinked his beer with Peter's before taking a large gulp and leaning back in his chair. "I wish I could just go back home. Alice is definitely worth all the time it would take." "Amen to that, brother." Baby I don't care what time it is, I just gotta get a little moonlight kiss Girl I can't help it when I feel like this There's only one thing to do Baby I'm missing you It hadn't taken Alice long to find the photo albums. She didn't know where her mother had moved them to, but after snooping around for a while, she found them in the upstairs hallway closet. They were the same as she had left them, black leather and smooth. As she grabbed all of the books into her arms and made her way downstairs, she heard the doorbell ring followed by it opening, shutting, and fast paced footsteps running up the stairs from the front entryway. "Auntie Alice!" Alice set the albums down on the glass table in front of the couch and turned to see Renesmee running towards her. "Nessie!" Alice swiftly picked up her niece and she felt Renesmee wrap her legs around her waist. "Sweetie, how are you?" "I'm great, auntie Alice! Daddy got us ice cream!" Alice gasped and smiled widely as she put Nessie back down on the ground and she ran back to the door leading to the entryway. "Daddy!" The sound of footsteps could be heard pounding up the stairs for the second time and Edward walked through the doorway. "Hey, Alice." "Hi, Eddie." Alice smiled as she saw the ice cream in Edward's hand. "You bought me ice cream!" "I knew you only loved me for my ice cream." Edward said as he put the ice cream up above his head. Alice pouted and started jumping. "Edward! Please! I love you, little brother!" "Fine," he said, bringing down the ice cream and handing it to Alice," chocolate, like always." "You're a lifesaver." Alice said as she took the treat, grabbed the albums, and sat down on the couch. Edward set Renesmee up at the kitchen counter with her Mint Chocolate Chip and sat down beside her. "What are you doing?" he asked, mouth full of Espresso Fudge. "I'm looking at photo albums I found in the upstairs closet." Alice smiled. She looked at the cover of the top album and smiled. The picture was Alice in her ginormous closet in Houston holding the bag that held her wedding dress. Esme had been the photographer, per Alice's request, and she had been taking pictures everywhere. Though some of the pictures had a questionable Alice look in them, they were all still wonderful. Opening the cover, Alice looked at the first picture. It was another picture of Alice alone, but this time, she had her extensions in and her wedding dress on. It was a beautiful floor-length, white chiffon dress with lace detailing along the skirt. Alice wanted to be outside for her wedding photos, so the background was in the backyard of her and Jasper's house in Houston. "You're so pretty, auntie Alice." Alice looked behind her and smiled at Nessie, who had perched herself against the wall on the back of the couch. "Thank you, Nessie." Renesmee reached down and turned the page to find a picture of Alice and Jasper kissing. "Awww!" Alice giggled and Edward came over to the couch. "That's gross." Renesmee hit Edward on the shoulder. "Daddy! Auntie Alice and uncle Jasper are cute!" Edward rolled his eyes. "How are you my kid?" Still giggling, Alice and Renesmee turned the page again. "Oh! Edward, remember this?" Alice asked