Author's Note: Do not own, etc, etc. This is something I wrote about three years ago which has been sitting around doing nothing, so I thought I'd add it to the communal cauldron. Dedicated to my Muse/ Supervisor/ sweetheart, who knows who they are. I told you I'd put some writing up for you by the end of August, and here it is. You should be glad it's not anything about you. I've got lots. (The following was found among Albus Dumbledore's personal papers following his death. It is a rough draft, and seemingly remained as such.) With a view to the forthcoming edition of Beedle's tales of which I am editor, I had the idea that it might be interesting to provide, as additional interest, a tale often told by our non-magical friends to their children. This one, titled 'Goldilocks and the Three Bears', seemed somehow appropriate. I will admit that it has been some time since I heard it told, and I do not have a copy original to hand, so I shall have to feel my way along as I go. I may make a few adjustments, where they seem fitting, but I will do my best to point them out, and to provide an adequate resolution to any new elements I introduce. There was once some time ago a little cottage, quite unremarkable in any way from all outside appearances, which stood by itself in a clearing. Secluded as it was, it was never disturbed, and unless you were one of those who lived there, you might not think it an obvious setting for a story, or have any reason to think anything ever happened in such a place at all. One day in summer, through the woods to this clearing came Goldilocks. Where he had come from, and why, and what he was expecting to find here of all places aren't known- or, if they are, they aren't necessary for this story. He wandered at ease, looking about with him eyes keen and inquisitive, his hair gleaming where he stepped in the dappled patches of sunlight through the branches. When he came to the cottage he stopped. He went up to the fence surrounding it. There was nobody in the garden, and nobody visible through the windows. Something about the place piqued his curiosity. He unbolted the gate and went along the path to the front door, where he stood still and listened. All was quiet. He tried the handle, and, when it slid down easily, unlocked, he pushed the door open and stepped inside. It was not polite of Goldilocks to let himself into the cottage like this, but we must bear in mind that things are done differently in some parts of the woods, and that Goldilocks was used to living in a different way, looking out for himself. I do not think that his life, wherever he came from, had been all that easy, and it's worth bearing this in mind, as it might explain certain things that we see in him. He found himself in a light, airy kitchen. On a big wooden table there were three bowls of porridge set out, with spoons beside them. It was precisely to give this porridge time to cool down that the three bears who lived in the cottage had gone out for a while for a walk, and by now it was just cool enough to eat. Goldilocks decided he was hungry. He sat down at the table and picked up a spoon. The bowls were all alike in temperature, neither too hot nor too cold, but they were different in other respects. The first that Goldilocks tried had too much sugar for his liking, so he put it back, and tried another. The second was positively distasteful, full of salt, as though somebody had sprinkled it there purposely as a warning to nobody in particular to keep off their porridge, and this may very well have been the case. Goldilocks pushed it aside with a grimace. The third, however, was neither salted nor too sweet, but just right, a generous spoonful of raspberry jam mixed into it. Nothing had ever suited Goldilocks so well, and he finished the whole bowlful. After he had eaten, not ready to leave yet, he got up from the table and went into the next room, looking for something to amuse himself with. In this room there were three armchairs, each in its own corner, and he went between them in turn, observing them thoughtfully. The first chair was pristine, unruffled, barely looking used. Whoever it belonged to either did not sit in it very often, or sat very still when they did. The only real sign that it was used at all was some knitting, resting on one arm- a sock, half-finished, it looked like, with fine wool on thin needles that would need small, careful hands ready for a lot of repetition. Goldilocks picked it up to look more closely. Although the work was surprisingly skilful, and must have required considerable patience, he wasn't very interested in it, nonetheless. He put it back down, on the opposite arm to that he had picked it up from, and moved on. The second chair was more or less the opposite of the first. It was lumpish, with the appearance of all its springs being put out, as though whoever sat there was in the habit of throwing themselves heavily onto it. The seat cushion was strewn with bits of dried dirt and small pieces of hay- Goldilocks, giving it a light kick, watched disdainfully as he sent a further shower of the same out onto the floor. The chair also smelt distinctly of something, not necessarily unpleasant, but of some kind of animal other than bear- goat, perhaps. Nothing here was of interest. Goldilocks moved on again. The third chair was clean and firm, free from debris, but had a pile of additional cushions built up on it, suggesting that the individual whose chair this was had an accustomed fashion in which they liked to sit. Goldilocks spied a book that had been tucked against the side of the stack, and took it out and considered it. It was a book he had read- but this copy had notes scribbled into the margin, in spiky, crowded handwriting, which was the most interesting thing he'd found thus far. He sat down with his legs slung over the arm of the chair for some minutes, flipping through the pages, reading the notes. Some of them, he thought, were surprisingly insightful. He wouldn't mind having some further discussion on the subject at hand with the writer. At length, he realised he was tired. He left the book, propped open, on the chair seat and went up the stairs of the cottage- which creaked- where he found a row of three bedroom doors, and, one by one, looked through them. The first bedroom was neat and tidy, everything in its place, but there was an oddly claustrophobic feeling to it, and Goldilocks noted how many of the things there wouldn't usually have a place in a bedroom at all: a tea tray, for instance, clean and polished with knife and fork, and a painting easel with a half-finished painting on it, taking up considerable floor space. There were a stack of completed paintings by the wall- all of which, he noted, depicted the same scene; the view from the bedroom window itself. Clearly, to whoever lived here, the walls were a confinement, and Goldilocks found the sensation contagious. In the second room, the bed was unmade, and things were strewn about everywhere, any which way, on the surfaces and the floor. It looked as though the occupant spent little time here, and didn't care one way or the other how things were arranged during what time they did. It might have been quite comfortable to them, but the disorder repelled Goldilocks, and he moved on. The third room, though, was perfect. The personal possessions- mostly, he noted, more books, were sparse but in order, which made the room feel like a refuge, ready to retreat to when needed without wading through mess, but not a hiding place, only somewhere to go to be alone to think. Goldilocks went in, lay down on the bed in the sunshine, and fell fast asleep. A short time later the three bears came back from their walk. The three bears were two brothers and a sister, the youngest, who lived all alone here together. If there was anything unusual about their situation, they still did well enough, having found out ways to manage. Their lives had a routine which they kept, and which just about worked for them, although it admitted of no disruption. Any interference from outside was potentially a threat, so they avoided any interference from outside scrupulously. They were alarmed, then, when they returned to the cottage to find the gate and front door ajar, and, inside, the porridge bowls eaten from, hay scattered over the floor, and their thing moved about from the places they had left them. The youngest bear was very shy and easily upset, and the thought of some unknown person having been inside their house had her on the edge of panic in an instant. Although she was small, and usually very sweet, her reactions to things when she got upset could be surprisingly intense. Understandably, then, the middle bear was immediately taken up with trying to calm and reassure her. Bent over her where she was huddled on the floor, he snapped at the eldest bear- he had a tendency to snap when he was worried- to go and look around and confirm that nothing else was disturbed, that their home was safe. Having ascertained that there was nothing else awry downstairs, the eldest bear went, to oblige them, up the stairs, where he checked the rooms in order. Both the first tidy room and the second ramshackle one were as they were usually to be found. Which is hardly surprising, thought the eldest bear, as he reached the last door, his own, whoever was here will be long gone by now, and good riddance to them. In the moments that followed, while he stood frozen quite still, staring down at his bed, the figure that he found there stirred, opened his eyes, and looked directly back at him. Usually, in the story, this would be when the bears gather round, growling fiercely at Goldilocks, pointing at him as the one who has eaten their porridge, disarranged their furniture, and been found sleeping in one of their beds. He- or, more usually, she- is chased rightfully back out into the woods, never to be seen by them again, and his or her lesson is learnt. It is remarkable though, that as the eldest bear stood in the doorway of his room, although Goldilocks was an intruder there, the last thing that he wanted was to chase him away. Goldilocks sat up, stretched, and, with a smile, gave the eldest bear an account of how he came to be there. He explained how he had been wandering through the woods, how, finding the cottage, he had come inside out of curiosity, and had eaten and slept as he felt like it. He said all this quite naturally, at his own pace, without abashment, like he did not know that there were rules against such things, although what is more likely, really, is that he did know, but didn't care. The eldest bear listened in silence, blinking, not knowing what to think. But when, at last, Goldilocks shrugged, and said he was ready to leave now, he cut in hurriedly and told him he could stay for a while. Afterwards- once he had remembered to rush and reassure his sister that there was nothing to worry about, there was no intruder- well, there was, but it was nothing