Chapter One: A Twist In The Tale Sleep. The one thing that seemed most impossible to her; just the word set her teeth on edge, an agonizing punch would twist through her stomach. She'd slam her eyelids shut, contorting her face into a painful scrunch causing her eyes to roll back into her head and tongue to curl back in her mouth. But she was exaggerating; there were more impossible things. Bringing her parents back to life was one. Or Fred, or Sirius, or Remus and Tonks. Those were the most impossible, not sleep. Hermione couldn't remember the last time she had closed her eyes and fell into a deep slumber. Nightmares didn't count, they were like being awake; she'd wake up in a pool of sweat, her heart pounding like a drum in her chest, but waking up from a nightmare wasn't a relief. It wasn't as you'd remembered or imagine it to be; your parents wouldn't burst through your door and sweep you into a passionate hug. There would be no cat beside your shoulder to wake up to, who would rub their face into your cheek, the soft purring vibrating against you. No, you'd wake up in complete darkness, alone, dripping in sweat. Hermione had grown tired of the same, haunting nightmares of the war, so she forced herself not to sleep. Loading herself with cups of coffee and reading until the early hours of the morning. It was no use now though; she had read all of the books in the house at least three times each and Professor Snape had stopped sending sleeping potions over, moaning that she had had far more than any one he had gifted it too as an act of apology and that she was starting to dig into his own money. Venturing outside was not an option; the last time she had stepped out into the busy streets of London she had cried; Cried for 3 days; Alone in an empty house. She didn't exactly know why she had cried so much; maybe it was Merida, the old lady across the street who always sat outside, perched on a deck chair sipping tea with her head buried in a newspaper. Merida had waved politely at Hermione asking whether she was okay and if her parents were back from holiday yet. Or maybe it was walking past mothers and daughters walking around shops, hand in hand giggling to each other. Not that Hermione ever did that. Although she wished she had now, while she had the chance. She wished… Hemiones head jerked up towards the door as she heard the front door creak open. It couldn't be the wind, or a cat. She'd put a barrier spell on it, hadn't she? "Hermione, Hermione Granger?" a deep voice drifted down the hallway to the living room where she was huddled into a sofa. Hermione lunged for her wand, jumping onto her feet, and darting behind the door. "Please come out. I don't mean any harm." He spoke again, the voice sounded closer this time and it had a familiarity to it. "I know you're here. No, I don't. But you have to be here. I've looked everywhere. Please…" Hermione subconsciously bit into the side of her cheeks and dug her nails into her wand beside her thigh. Why was this stranger breaking into her house in the middle of the night, and why was he talking to her like he knew her? Hermione stepped forwards into the hallway, raising her wand in front of her chest defensively and taking a long gulp before speaking for the first time in weeks, "Who are you? Declare yourself." She could see a figure in the darkness and she watched as his body sagged slightly, as if he'd been holding in a breath. A spear of light burst through the end of his wand. Hermione stumbled backwards, blinking her furiously and shielding her face with the hand that didn't old her wand. "Merlin. What happened to you?" Hermione removed her hand and scrunched her eyes toward him. He was tall with dark skin and short hair. He wore a grey suit that hung loosely on him and his eyes were a bright blue, a couple of freckles speckled across his nose and cheeks. "Zabini? Blaise Zabini?" Hermione's eyes widened. "What are you doing in my house?" "How long has it been since you turned a light on? Or even stepped outside?" He raised his eyebrows, His eyes darting around the room and at her dirty tracksuit bottoms. "You looked like Angel Gabriel had just popped out of the sky when I put the light on. Sorry about that by the way, I would have turned the muggle light on, but that wouldn't really be possible. I've never turned Muggle electricity on before. Everything else I turn on." He smirked, but Hermione just frowned in confusion. "Sorry, I'm being too chatty aren't I." Hermione stepped forwards, "Tell me why you're here Zabini. Why didn't you knock?" "The lights were off and there are boxes stacked against the window. It looks empty Hermione. Almost dead." Blaise gulped and shuffled his feet nervously. What right did he have to barge into her house. Bloody Blaise, Hermione thought, at least it wasn't Draco Malfoy walking in. Or Pansy Parkinson. If they'd seen her like this they would have probably collapsed with laughter or ran off to tell fucking Lucius Malfoy and his fan club. Blaise was different, he'd never insulted Hermione to her face before, or tripped her over, he'd just look at her as if she was an oddly shaped carrot in a bag of perfect carrots. Or a speck of mud on his shiny £3,000 shoes. But now he was talking to her and breaking into her house and even making jokes. At least she thought it was a joke. His eyes were more careful now, friendlier. "I'll tell you Hermione. I've wanted to tell you for weeks." Blaise's voice was softer now and he took another step towards her. "But when I tell you, I want you to listen. No, really listen. Don't sit there and skim read as if you were reading a book. This is important. I want to give you the best chance I can to help you understand. Forget about our history. Forget about Slytherin and Gryffindor. Just think of me as a stranger, who needs their story listened to." Hermione gulped, for the second time. No way did she trust him, but she believed. She believed in second chances, and new beginnings. She believed in people and unity. She hoped for peace. She nodded, and then nodded again, "I'll listen." A quick smile played on his lips, "Could we sit down first?" Hermione lead him into the kitchen. She switched on the main lights and motioned for him to sit down at the table. "Take it away Zabini." Hermione leaned back into her chair. Blaise nodded to himself before sitting up straight and lowering his head to his hands that were placed in his lap, "Almost 19 years ago Alina Zabini gave birth to a girl and a boy; twins. It was not as you would expect the happiest news for them, as 6 weeks earlier The Dark Lord had gotten hold of a prophecy, stating that Alina and Leo Zabini would bear a baby girl who would grow more powerful than he will ever will be, and help take down The Dark Lord. He was furious, so he apparated straight to their front doors warning them that if this Prophecy was true, he would kill the child and the parents. So, on the 19th of September 1979, Alina gave birth to a baby girl and boy. They only had little time to place the girl somewhere safe so they gave her to Severus Snape, the god father of the two children and cousin to Leo Zabini. Severus took the baby girl to an orphanage in central London, giving them only the name Hermione. He rushed back to the Zabini's after and found The Dark Lord sat beside Alina Zabini holding the baby boy, me, fondly in his arms. It seems, you see, that he had decided the Prophecy was forged and fake." Blaise looked over at her, his stare stinging into her own eyes. "Do you see it, Hermione? Do you see what I'm trying to tell you?" Hermione didn't know; she didn't like not knowing. She just looked at him, her arms folded. Did he want help finding his long sister? Why had he come to her? "You are her. You are my sister." Hermione stared, frozen at the almost stranger sat in her kitchen. The man whom she'd never spoken a word too, or dared a double glance at. The Slytherin she assumed was a lifeless statue who walked the halls with Draco Malfoy just because his mummy wanted him too. But now he was talking with her, joking with her and smiling at her. What had happened in the last couple of weeks? "No." Hermione shook her head furiously and jumped out of her chair, causing it to let out a teeth grinding creak against the stone floor. Blaise cringed, slowly lifting his face up towards her. "This is a trick. A sick joke." Hermione scowled. "Where's Draco Malfoy hiding? You can come out now Malfoy, the party's over." She reached for her wand. Blaise leapt out of his chair, "Hermione, this is not a joke. I would not joke about this. Remember what I said." Hermione stopped and turned her head to look at him. Properly look at him. His eyes were stern yet soft and his mouth quivered in a sweet nervous way. His short velvet hair was slicked back and cushioned in gel. His suit had silver linings and the buttons on his blazer sparkled against the greyness of the kitchen light. No, he was here to talk- civily. Hermione sat back down and crossed her legs. Blaise sat down opposite her. "You are my twin Hermione, my long-lost sister." Blaise began. "I found out halfway through sixth year. I was furious, and of course, none of us knew that it was Hermione Granger. It was just before the end of sixth year, before Uncle Severus killed Dumbledore that I found out. Albus approached me in the library from where I was researching who you could be. Albus had known this whole time, all these years. Apparently, Uncle Severus had him about you, and Albus Dumbledore had kept track of you his whole life, watching you grow up and he even tried to hide your powers- But your powers, they were too strong. And when you befriended Harry Potter of all people, that risked your true identity even more. I wanted to tell you sooner, but it was too risky while the Dark Lord was alive. You still lived up to the Prophecy, just without Lord Voldemort knowing himself." Hermione gulped and closed her eyes for a long time before saying, "If this is true. Why didn't my parents tell me?" "I'm afraid I don't know." Blaise shook his head, "Where are they anyway?" She lowered her head, hiding the tears that hung in the corners of her eyes, "Australia. They were on a holiday." She choked. "No, you're lying. You must be, the Grangers were my parents. I even look like them." Blaise smiled softly over at her, "Uncle Severus planted a disguise upon you that would only come of when we find you and take it off ourselves." Blaise stopped and frowned, "Hang on, you were talking about the Grangers in past tense. Were you not? Why, what's happened to them?" She placed her head in her hands and let out a shaking breath, "I obliviated them and sent them to live a new life in Australia. They didn't know they had a daughter. I went looking for them, I don't know exactly