"Er- Hermione?" Harry asked, shuffling from foot to foot. The shelves of the library seemed much taller than him at the moment, and he despised his short height. "Talon-clipping by charms… treating scale-rot… this is no good." The witch was bent over another dragon book, bushy hair sticking up. It was a light brown but with the frizz looked almost darker. Her head moved up. "What, Harry? There's got to be something in this book…" Her tone was rather desperate, and Harry noticed that she was reading several things she wasn't saying out loud. Probably more terrifying things about dragons. She nearly leaned back into the book, her chocolate eyes deeply concentrated. And then Harry was shut out again as she tried to find a weakness in the book Men Who Love Dragons Too Much . Harry grinned at her, before reaching forward and tapping her shoulder. It took several times but then she looked up at him, eyes narrowed. "What? We need to find something- there's nothing in the air above my head, Harry." A slight blush spread over his cheeks, and Harry plopped down in the chair opposite her. Hermione's eyes followed him, bright and calculating. Brightest witch of her generation indeed, Harry mused. Harry held up the book he was carrying. "Um, this book said something about how dragons are sensitive to loud noises." No, it didn't. Harry was holding it upside down, for Merlin's sake. But Hermione's eyes snapped to it, gears clicking and shifting behind her eyes. Her gaze brightened. "That would make sense." She gestured to her own book. "It says here their eyes are rather weak, so it makes sense their ears would be too!" Harry blinked. That was news to him; then again, he vaguely remembered her saying something like that a few minutes ago. He had had a lot on his mind. "So - erm. Do you think you could teach me the Sonorus charm?" He asked hesitatingly. Hermione cocked her head to one side. "The Amplifying charm?" Her eyes widened. Harry continued on. "Well, you know how in the Quidditch World Cup, Bagman put his wand on his throat-" Harry gestured, placing the holly tip of his wand on his windpipe, "and then his voice got really loud? Do you think that you could teach me that?" Hermione exclaimed happily "Oh! You could scream really loudly to distract the dragon! That would work perfectly!" She shot Harry an appreciative look. "Good job, Harry! This is going to really help you in that First Task." She busied herself with the stacks of books over their table. She shot them a rather disgusted look. "And all that time I was looking up how a dragon was supposed to eat 'three cups of meat before bed to sleep peacefully', a regular spell would save you!" She grinned at Harry, her missing buckteeth still prominent on her face. Harry smiled back, though he was sure he didn't look quite as excited. How would any wizard of a mere 14 years old feel about having to go and battle a three-tonne creature armed with fire and scales? He was marching to his death. Hermione scooped up all of the books, plucking the one out of Harry's arms. She stood up from her chair, back cracking slightly. She yawned, the only sign of her exhaustion in trying to keep Harry alive. She gestured for Harry to follow her. The boy did, smiling. He offered his arms out to her in the strategy they had perfected. Hermione smiled at him and deposited the books in his arms, flat for easy access. The two of them wandered down the aisles, Hermione grabbing a book from Harry's arms whenever she found its spot. Harry couldn't even remember what the name of his last book was, never less where it had gone. But this was the reason that Hermione was Madam Pince's favourite, not him. Whenever she released a book, magic would float it up until it slid back into where it had been. Harry liked watching them until Hermione called him forward; magic would always be amazing for Harry. The last book was slipped into its little sleeve between two thick green novels all about animal sicknesses, and then Hermione was grabbing Harry by the arm and pulling him forward. She dragged him through an aisle, before hurriedly groaning and yanking Harry behind a shelf. He followed her, confused, before a slouched figure walked into the room. He had his black shock of hair and strange gait. It was Viktor Krum. Hermione hissed out to Harry in between clenched teeth, saying "Oh, let's hurry and find the spell, his fanclub is going to be here any second, twittering around him." She yanked him from there bad hiding spot and instantly Viktor shot a head in their direction, frowning when he saw Harry. He turned back and started to walk through the shelves, plucking a book or two from seemingly random spots. Hermione frogmarched Harry up to the counter where Madam Pince sat, watching them through bright gray eyes. She eyed up Harry before her face softened slightly when it landed on Hermione. "Yes?" She asked, wand twitching in her fingers. "Do you need anything, Miss Granger?" "Oh yes, please," Hermione said, ever-so-polite to the librarian. "Do you know where we can find a book about the Sonorus charm?" "Hmm." Madam Pince tapped her fingers along her counter. Her eyes flicked over the shelves, a frown worming its way on her face. But it only etched itself in deeper when a loud explosion of giggles met Harry's ears. He swiveled, seeing a virtual wave of girls tiptoe into the library. Several were sporting red and one even had a Bulgarian scarf tied around her waist. They giggled, shooting furtive looks around the library. "Madam Pince?" Hermione asked after a few seconds. "Ah yes." The librarian shook her head, standing up. She walked up from around the desk, heading toward a shelf in the far back. Hermione and Harry dutifully followed her, Harry tucking his wand back into his pocket. She stopped, reaching up. She grabbed onto a thin book with a bright blue cover, sliding it out of its spot. She handed it to Hermione. "Chapter five, I believe." She said, turning around to head back to her counter. "Madam Pince!" Hermione said, speeding forward to catch up with her, book held tightly in her hand. "Can we check this out?" The woman looked down at her, before nodding. "Of course, Miss Granger. Right this way." She led them to her counter, one hand extending. Hermione placed the book in her grip, and Madam Pince drew it back and held her wand over the spine of the book. The tip of her black wand glowed a bright yellow, and the book cover matched it. After a few seconds, she took her wand away. "You have two weeks, Miss Granger." She said, handing the book back over to her. "Thank you!" Hermione said, gripping Harry's arm. "Come on, we have to go practice!" "Coming, Hermione," Harry said easily, letting her drag him out of the library. She smiled at him, still gripping the book. They made their way through twisting stone hallways, ignoring chatty portraits that called out to them. Hermione kept one tight grip on Harry's arm and the other on the book, her eyes flicking over the doors that popped up in the corridor. Finally, one right next to a flickering torch caught her eye, and she turned and sped right towards it. Skipping lightly over the thick layer of dust in front of it, she pushed the door open and marched inside. It was an abandoned classroom. There were desks stacked up on one wall, the same thick dust coating them as it was over the floor. A large blackboard was against one wall and a spiral pattern was engraved into the floor. "Oh, this must have been a Runes classroom!" Hermione exclaimed, examining the marks on the floor. She held out her wand, barking "Lumos!" A shimmering ball of light exploded from the tip, sending tiny daggers into Harry's eyes. He blinked several times, but by the time he was adjusted Hermione was already sitting cross-legged on a dust-free floor. The book was open on her lap and she was flipping to chapter five. He smiled at her and dropped down, looking over her shoulder. The pages were flipping past too quickly for him to read, but soon Hermione stopped. He read it as quickly as he could but Harry only managed a few paragraphs before Hermione sighed and stood up. "Barely a sentence more!" She groaned. "Just 'place your wand against your throat and say the word Sonorus'. No special movements at all! We could have done this without the book in the first place." "But then you wouldn't be the Hermione I know," Harry chided, grinning. Hermione paused, smiled back, and then laughed. They both knew it was true. She stretched, hands above her head. Harry stood up, pulling his wand out of his pocket. Hermione picked hers up from where it was still glowing on the ground. She looked around the room before her eyes lit up. She strode over to one side of the room, flicking her wand. The light canceled out but then she was yanking curtains away from two large windows in the wall. Brilliant evening sun streamed into the room, sparks flashing in front of Harry's eyes. "There. Much better," she declared, going back to the book on the floor. She knelt, scooping it up before her eyes flicked over the page again. "So it's pretty easy," she said. "Just put your wand on your neck and say Sonorus." Harry placed the holly tip against his throat, Adam's apple bobbing. He sucked in a deep breath before saying as loudly as he dared "Sonorus!" He choked. His neck felt like there were cold threads slipping up and down it, twining around his vocal chords. The sensation made his ears pop violently, like thunder cracking. "Harry! Are you okay!" It was Hermione, rushing toward him. She put a hand on his forehead, ignoring his motions to bat her away. "Did it go wrong? Do you need to go to the Hospital Wing? Oh, the book didn't say anything about this. Of course, it didn't." She whipped out her wand. "No, Hermione, I'm fine!" Harry said. And Hermione winced, throwing hands up in front of her ears. She turned away from him, darting back toward the book. Harry heard his own voice, but it was like a microphone was next to him. It was louder but he didn't feel anything wrong with him, other than his vocal chords buzzing a little harder than normal. It had worked! "Quietus," Hermione said, wand pointing as his throat. The cold threads laced through Harry's neck disappeared, popping out of existence. He rubbed his throat, fingers warm. "Did it work?" Harry asked, his voice back to normal. Hermione winced slightly. "Oh, definitely. But next time, let me cover my ears or something; that was loud!" Harry raised his eyebrows at her. "It's called the Amplifying charm, Hermione." She blushed. "Oh, I know that, silly. I didn't expect it to be so loud , though." She leveled a look at him, determination shining in her gaze. "Again." Harry grinned and put his wand against his throat. "Again." "You're to go in there with the other champions," said Professor McGonagall in a rather shaky voice, "and wait for your turn, Mr. Potter. Mr. Bagman is in there… he'll be telling you what you have to do for the First Task." "Thanks," Harry said, staring up at her. She was a nice professor, even if she didn't always help him out. "Thanks," he said again, and this time he meant it. She gave him one of the rather rare smiles she only reserved for Hermione. "Good luck, Mr. Potter."