Harry, I am sure things seem hopeless. I am sorry about Sirius. However, I think that it is for the best that you remain at relatives for the whole. Please, reach out to anyone of us if the grief becomes too much. I informed your aunt that you have a suffered a great loss and to give space. Albus Dumbledore Harry continued to sit on his bed. It was about the only thing that he could do. His uncle has taken great pleasure at his expense this summer knowing that his godfather cannot come after him. He could not stop the tears from falling. He looked at the other letter delivered by a goblin that completely ripped through his whole heart and shattered it. He knew now that everything was a lie. He could trust but only a few. He had not spoken to one since the end of his fourth year. July 30, 1996 Lord Potter-Black, The Potter's and Black's accounts have recently come under my management. I am aware that you have not come of age. I know that you will be sixteen on the morrow. The accounts came into my care when there was an attempt to seal Sirius Black's will. It would seem that your magical guardian, Albus Dumbledore believe it would be too much for you at this time. At my close inspection of both accounts, I noticed that your parents' will was never read and sealed. I, apologize now, took the liberty of finding out where your account summaries where going to because it seemed that you were not being taken care of per your status as the last line of an Ancient and Most Noble House. I noticed that all your mail is being sorted through Albus Dumbledore. I also noticed that 1,000 pounds have been pulled from your family vault every month since there death presumably for your care; though there is no proof of that care; 75 galleons a month have been going into an account for Ronald Weasley since August of 1991, 75 galleons have been going into an account for Hermione Granger since November of 1991, 200 galleons a months have been pulled for undisclosed reasons, 100 galleons a month have been going to Ginny Weasley since 1992. I also uncovered a supposed marriage contract for you created by Albus Dumbledore and Molly Weasley. I am informing you of this now, because as of the morrow you have the power to enact an old law that allows an heir if the last of the line to become emancipated. In truth, you have been emancipated by magic since you were forced to compete in a tournament by those only of age. However, the old law will force Ministry to recognize the emancipation and remove the trace. If you could inform at your early convenience of what you would like me to do. Griphook, Account Manager for Potter and Black Gringotts London He sat at his desk with pen and paper, because his uncle kept all of his parchment and quills in his trunk locked downstairs. He quickly started to write a letter with the hope that it would not be dismissed. Victor, I hope this letter finds you well. I am sorry that we have not kept in touch over the past year. I am glad that you have completed your schooling and are exceeding in the Quidditch world. I am hoping that you will read this letter complete and not dismiss it outright. I have no one left in Britain that I can trust for the moment. I have enclosed a letter that I have recently received from Gringotts. If you could keep it safe and make a copy; then I would appreciate. I know my story is almost that of legends. I can assure it is not as grand as people make it out to be. However, as you can tell I have been used my whole life. I am being kept in a prison called my aunt and uncle. They are muggles and hate magic. If you have heard of abused house-elf; then you can imagine my life at my relatives. I fear for my life, and no one seems to want to listen. I am not sure if there is anything that you can do, but I just need someone to know the truth. That I am being used, abused and hunted by all sides. I would have also sent a letter to Fleur; however, it is my understanding that she is being to date Bill Weasley. I am not sure which if any of the Weasleys that I can trust for the moment. So please, hold onto the truth and let it be known, because I am sure that will not be living too much longer. I am kept in the dark and untrained, yet I am except to kill a powerful Dark Lord. I have heard the prophecy that claims that I am the only one to kill the Dark Lord. The prophecy is: 'The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies... ' Again I am not expecting you to do anything. I just need someone to make the truth known that the light leader and Ministry are just as evil as the Dark Lord. Your Friend (I hope) Harry Potter Harry quickly sealed the two letters and called for Dobby. He asked Dobby to take it to Victor Krum. Dobby had no sooner left than his uncle unlocked the door and slammed the door open bouncing it off the wall. "Boy, what do you think are doing? Why have you not made dinner?" Harry was tired and heartbroken. "Make your own damn dinner." Harry's anger quickly surfed. His uncle went to grab him; however, Harry's seeker reflexes kicked and dodged the grab. His uncle whirled around with the chair in his hand. It broke across his back. His back was still in pain from the whipping he received just yesterday. Harry dropped to his knees. His uncle quickly brought his leg up with a force to land against Harry's rib. However, his uncle refused to stop. Harry felt the darkness take him. He allowed it. Harry was not sure how long he was out for. He knew that it was night. He was alone. He could feel his blood around him. He could not move. He heard a pop. He did not look up and only said Gringotts. He felt the pull. He was not sure where he was taken, hopefully Gringotts. Before he could find out where he was. A pain shot through him that had him screaming. Harry's scream could be heard throughout the bank. It was July 31. Harry arched his back and then began to thrash from side to side. Ragnuk appeared. "Get the healer. The boy is coming into his inheritance and majority early." The goblin looked at the house-elf and the seeker. "Hold him down. We must stop him from thrashing before he does more damage." The healer appeared. He quickly did scans. He turned to Ragnuk. "We need to get him a safe and secure room. His magic was partially bound. We do not have time to remove it. The family inheritance is going to force the binding to break. The only thing I can do for the moment is to ease the pain, but for the safety of the bank, he needs to be in a secure room. When the binding breaks the burst of magic will be powerful and damaging." The healer had everyone back away for the teen. He forced a potion down the throat and disappeared. "Vhere did he take im?" Viktor asked. "What are you doing here?" Ragnuk looked at the Bulgarian seeker. The Bulgarian handed the letter to the goblin. The goblin went to cursing gobblegook. "What were you going to do?" "I vas going to offer to share my flat for the summer; then see vhat he vould vant to do." Viktor kept looking to the door. "I know he be the only one to fight the Dark Lord. I know some people that could help him train. However, I vould be his choice. I could possibly get him into Drumstrang if he did not vant to return to Hogvarts." Ragnuk considered the words of the seeker. He knew that the boy spoke the truth, because of the wards on the offices, one cannot lie in them. He did not like the idea of Lord Potter, soon Lord Potter-Black to be used by another. He normally could care less about wizards; however, it takes a special wizard to get a goblin to respect him, especially the wizard hating Griphook. However, a young Harry Potter achieved something he thought impossibly in two years of entering the wizarding world. He has never dealt or spoken with the young man. He knew that before the boy leaves he would have a conversation or two. "Why come to him? Why help him? Do you hold a title? Are you looking to get something from him? I know that you only had dealings with the boy during the tournament and was not much." Viktor eye's filled with anger. He knew how goblins felt about wizards. He was even surprised about their actions with Harry. "No, I do not have a title; however, my family has more than enough money. Plus, I myself make own share. I have no desire to have a title. I always that it was strange and unfair to make the boy compete. They never seemed to hear the boy repeatedly say that he did not want to compete. My heart went out to the boy then; and now it rages for he should have been protected and loved. We are TriWizard Champions. He saved Fleur sister at risk to himself. He saved Fleur in maze. He could have killed me in the maze but chose not to. If it was not just the decent thing to do, my honor vould compel me to help." Dobby puffed up. "Dobby not be bringing anyone that hurt the great Harry Potter." "Why are you not bonded to Lord Potter?" Dobby shrugged. "He has not asked to bond Dobby. I still not be doing anything to hurt him no matter who ask. " Ragnuk was about to speak when the room shook knocking them all down. Books fell. Desk cracked. Things being heard falling and breaking throughout the offices and lobby. He even felt the wards flickers. He hollered out into the hallways for goblins to reinforce the wards. Once the shaking and rumbling stopped, Ragnuk sent other goblins to check on the vaults even the deeper ones. He looked to the Bulgarian, who shuddered. "If that is his inheritance coming in and releasing his block and fully power. He could be the most powerful vizard if trained properly." Ragnuk only nodded his head in agreement as he waited word from other goblins. The first goblin to appear. "He is sleeping. The release caused him to pass out. I expect that he will be a sleep for several hours. It also appears that his magic is also healing several of his internal injuries. He will have more scars. They were made by muggles and cannot vanish. It appears that he will be able to claim all of his inheritance. From what I can see; then I would suggest that you Ragnuk do a blood verification because from what I saw there was more than two family magics entering the boy a