Samhain submitted 11-12-08. Argh, this one was tough to write! But I finally got it out, even if it is a couple weeks late. Sorry about that! I hope you like it. Also, there is some music that you may want to listen to whilst reading this fic, if you can find the songs. 1. "The Dogs Among the Bushes" by The Chieftans 2. "Chase Around the Windmill" by The Chieftans 3. "Circle of Joy" by Lisa Lynne 4. "O'Sullivan's March" by The Chieftans 5. "Song of the Sea" by Sharon Knight Please note that this takes place during Peacetime Adventures but is meant as a stand-alone oneshot. Summary: The Samhain festivals have come again to Middle-earth, and the night promises to be special, indeed, for young Legolas Thranduilion and his friends and family. Rated PG for one kiss and for the mention of alcohol. Disclaimer: All the credit for Legolas, Ecthelion, Thranduil, and Middle-earth itself goes to J.R.R. Tolkien. I only claim ownership of Abriel, Andiach, and any other original characters you may meet. SAMHAIN. A part of the Iaur Min Series. By GundamWingFanatic90. "It is almost time for the Samhain festivals, muindor-nin!" Ecthelion's excited voice broke through Legolas' musings like a rock through glass. The Crown Prince blinked and looked over to his left as his ten-year-old brother entered the bedchamber carrying a garland of pine branches, along with various sticks and antlers. "I am aware of that, Ecthelion," Legolas said, and turned back to the letter he had been writing. The pen began to scratch again as Legolas returned to his task. "Aren't you going to help me make some decorations before the celebrations tonight?" Ecthelion's voice was slightly disappointed. Legolas sighed and penned the closing to the letter. "One does not make decorations for Samhain, Ecthelion," the elder brother said tiredly. Ecthelion scrunched his face up into a pouting scowl. "We used to back in Gondolin!" he exclaimed. "Why can we not do so here?" Uttering a silent prayer for patience, Legolas finally turned to face his younger brother. "Ecthelion, I do not think that you understand the rituals that occur here." "What?" Ecthelion asked, aghast. "Do they not have the tradition of the bonefires, here?" "They do," Legolas acceded. "But they do not drive livestock between them, obviously. Also, when everyone is gathered, they have dancing and divinations, and the storytellers always gather in force." "Do the children go from place to place dressed up as frightening creatures and ask for sweetmeats?" Legolas shook his head. "No, it is too dangerous in these woods. There is always a feast, though, and all kinds of treats afterwards." "Oh." Legolas studied his brother for a moment, and then opened his mouth to speak. However, he was cut off by the tolling of a far-off bell. With a start, he glanced out the open window, finding that the sun had set. Shaking his head with a smile, Legolas got up, pushed his chair in, and headed for the door. "Bring those antlers with you, Ecthelion, but leave the rest," he said. Ecthelion blinked, and hurriedly did as he was told before he dashed off after his older brother. The ten-year-old practically radiated excitement as he dashed out to the courtyard with Legolas hot on his heels. Then they slowed down and walked sedately toward the clearings where the festivities would be held. It took them all of five minutes to reach the location, and they arrived to find that the bonfires had already been lit. Legolas spotted a pile of small, unlit torches laying at the other end of the glade. Someone had gathered some instruments together, and a couple of elves were gathered around them, discussing in quiet voices which songs to play when. Legolas spotted his parents standing near the two great chairs of knotted pine from which they would preside over many of the ceremonies. The couple was talking to a group of elves with dark hair and eyes in varying shades of silver, green, and blue. As the two princes approached, one of the strangers, a female with silver eyes who had her raven hair bound back in braids- one at each temple and a thicker one that ran over the crest of her head, where all three joined into the thickest braid- spotted them and broke away from the conversation to greet them. She was wearing a shimmering silver dress trimmed in black and tied at the waist with a black silk sash. It laced up the sides of her torso and the undersides of her arms with black silk ribbons, and there were slits up either side of her full skirt, though one could barely tell through the folds of the material. A black shawl was draped about her shoulders, and a pendant set with a sapphire hung from her neck. The elleth bowed to Legolas and Ecthelion as they neared the group. "Good e'en," she said politely, her voice faintly inflected with an accent that was unfamiliar to the princes' ears. "Good evening to you, as well, milady," Legolas returned, bowing at the waist. "Might I inquire as to your identity, and those of your companions?" The elleth's smile was small and secretive. "Ah, but I am unable to reveal that 'til after the ceremonies," she said, eyes twinkling with what seemed to be amusement. She met Legolas' silver gaze steadily. "I know already whom the two of you are." Ecthelion blinked, taken aback. "You do?" She smiled at him. "Of course," she said. "It would not do for emissaries to not be familiar with the local sovereigns and their kin." Legolas shook his head, spotting his best friend, Abriel, and her family out of the corner of his eye. "Well, milady, it has been a pleasure to meet you, and I am certain that we shall be introduced later in the night," he said. "I have someone whom I need to greet, though. I hope that you shall excuse me." The elleth nodded with a benign grin. "Say hello to the young Sirien for me." Startled, Legolas was about to ask her how she knew, but by the time he gathered the words to himself, she had already turned away. Shaking his head, Legolas turned and, leaving Ecthelion to greet their parents, headed over to where Abriel and her family were conversing with a young couple. His best friend's eyes met his as he drew abreast to them, dancing with mirth and good cheer as was often her wont. Abriel's smile was gentle and secretive as she beckoned for him to follow her and moved off into the trees. Curiously, Legolas trailed after her, hearing the sound of kettle drums beginning to beat out a steady rhythm behind him. Deeper and deeper into the woods, farther and farther off the beaten path Abriel led him, until finally she stopped and leaned against a beech tree, bare of its leaves for the winter. Her eyes studied him silently for a moment, and he took the time to observe her. Abriel was wearing a dress. It was an uncommon sight, to be sure, but Legolas found that he liked the way the white fabric, embroidered and trimmed in forest green, hugged the swell of her hips and the gentle curves of her breasts. He caught himself staring, and looked away with a faint blush of embarrassment. He cleared his throat to mask his unease. "What is it that you wish to speak of?" Legolas asked after a second. "Not much," Abriel said with a shrug. "I adore Adarion and Eldawen on most occasions, but there comes a point in time when even I am unable to stand idle chatter anymore." Legolas lifted an eyebrow. "You? Unable to take idle banter?" He affected an expression of disbelief, and Abriel cast him an incredulous look. "I have limits to my patience, Legolas, and you would do well to remember it," she said. "Just because you are the Crown Prince does not mean that I will not give you a thorough lesson in the meaning of discretion." He raised his eyebrows inquiringly. Abriel scowled. "Get your mind out of the gutter!" she snapped. Legolas blinked. "My mind was not in the gutter," he said. Abriel's face flared red, and she sputtered for a second before she turned away. There was silence for a little while; then Legolas cleared his throat again. "Was there something in particular that you wished to discuss with me, Abriel?" he inquired quietly. She heaved a sigh, seeming to be exasperated, and turned back to him. "Actually, there was," she admitted, and then paused for a time. "Have you... Have you ever considered marrying, Legolas?" Legolas blinked at the sudden, strange inquiry, and then nodded. "I've had propositions made, of course." "I meant to ask if you have really ever had to consider it." Legolas tilted his head to the side, finally noticing the unease with which Abriel was speaking, the way her shoulders were held stiff and the way she had caught her bottom lip between her teeth with her uncertainty. "I have had to seriously consider one or two of the proposals, yes," he said at last, suddenly finding the toes of his shoes rather interesting. "I've never accepted any of them, though." There was a terse pause. "Why?" Legolas looked up at his best friend to see her staring at him in wary curiosity. He thought for a moment, taken aback by the question, but finally shrugged. "Honestly?" He opened his mouth to speak again, but then closed it again as a thought came unbidden into his mind. "I do not know," he replied at length, deciding to forgo the other reply that had formulated itself. Abriel blinked in surprise. "You do not know?" she echoed. "I do not rightfully know, no," he repeated patiently, and then cast her a curious glance. "Why do you ask?" Abriel seemed surprised for a second, and then her cheeks heated again and she looked away. Then realization hit Legolas like the strike of a cave troll. "You have had a proposition," he stated, some disbelief making itself home in his heart. Abriel bowed her head. "Yes," she replied. Legolas tried to act happy for her, but he found that he could not, for some reason, banish the dull ache that had settled into his chest. "Who?" he asked. Abriel swallowed with some difficulty, still appearing uneasy. "He is an elf from Lothlórien," she said quietly. "His name is Baranlas." She paused, still appearing discomfited. "It would be a good match, a solid one, and I am sure that I could come to love him in time, at least as a friend." There was a silence for a short eternity. "Why do you confide this in me?" Legolas asked, his voice strangely pained as he gazed at his best friend. He guessed that his emotions were plain in his eyes, but he did not care at the moment, for if she married this Baranlas fellow, then she would leave Legolas. He did not want that to happen, but he refrained from blurting that out, for it would be improper. "Because I seek your advice, Legolas," Abriel told him, her summer-green eyes pleading and her voice desperate as she looked to him. "I do not truly want to marry him!" "Then do not!" Legolas returned, a brief flash of anger making his voice snap. His feet carried him closer to her, and before he knew it, he had braced his hands against the tree she leaned on, her head between his arms with his grey-green sleeves dangling inches away from her on either side. Their faces were a mere half-foot apart. "If you do not wish to marry him, then tell him so and be done with it!" he hissed. "I know that if I had propositioned someone, if she did not want me, then I would wish her to tell me straight