Hello everyone :) Well, this is my first fanfiction ever, so please comment on the points that I have to improve and on the good points. If there are any mistakes, please tell me, because even if I have read it a thousand times English is not my mother language and there might be words that I wrote wrongly. I may post another chapter later, but I am not sure. I have wrote it already but I think it doesn't fit the rest of the story much. so... yeah. For those who didn't read the Silmarillion, Yavanna is the Valar who created and cares for the trees and most part of the animals. I hope you all enjoy it :) Lúthien The Gift Of Yavanna Once dwelt a folk, beyond the sea And their hearts sang the song of Trees Their ladies danced under the pale moonlight And their lords waited the coming of Twilight But a child was born, and with it came darkness Doomed was the folk to surrender to their foes Abandoned was the child, lost in a wall of blindness Alone it grew Alone it grows Long, long time ago, there was a great war against such greatest evil none had ever seen before. A war that united elves and men, in a powerful alliance that promised to finally bring goodness back. But when the moment was there to rescue peace to Arda and end with the endless fight and loss, a man refused to do so. This man was Isildur, the one who killed the enemy. But as noble hearted and brave as he was, he made a terrible mistake. He did not destroy the enemy´s weapon as it should have been, for it was so tiny, and yet capable of corrupting and slaving the purest of souls, as it did with Isildur himself. For it was deadly and seemed to have a mind for itself. Maybe it had, but also maybe not. It shone with beauty and its material was rich, and it was wonderful to the eyes, and yet acid for the soul. And as Elrond took Isildur to the cracks of Doom, the only place the accursed thing could be destroyed, the thing showed its valour. For Isildur was moved by its beauty and it whispered promises to him, promises of power and strenght. And when he should have cast it down to burn and melt, He said nay. The weapon was a ring. And it had not been destroyed. At this time, there also was a beautiful realm full of pale green leaves and shiny flowers. Its folk was elven, and filled with joy and love for the woods they lived in, and they spent nights of merry making for many reasons other folk would find irrelevant. In this realm, there was a very magnificent king and a very magnificent queen, and also three strong and brave ellons, who at that time were all fighting in the war, and a beautiful and graceful elleth. But one day, the queen was walking on the woods with her king, thinking about the future of the kingdom and the future of their heirs, for yet again the queen beared child, and both parents were excited and yet worried about the war that was going on. And as she thought, an ill sensation washed her soul, and she was troubled. But when the king questioned her, she had not an answer. One week later, the fourth heir to the throne was born. But instead of happiness, the kingdom beared grief, for the labour was though, and the queen had died in the process, and the child was born tiny and fragile. The king was locked inside his disbelief, and the child was forgotten, and though the elleth pleaded her father to bid his child attetion, he did not do so. And so the child was takenaside, and Ancalime the elleth took care of him, and when he opened his little eyes for the first time, she took him to the woods, so that the child could see the beauty of his kingdom, and it was then that the child found the first thing to love and cling on. For the child loved the trees, and was amazed by its green leaves, and he laughed to them, an inncocent and musical laugh that echoed through the forest. And when the ellons came back from war, griefstricken and darkhearted they already were, only to find their mother dead. And although the two youngsters learned with time to love their brother, the oldest had ever growing hate for the tiny child, and thus he guarded it for himself. The king, in time, grew to love the elfling also, but he did not know how to show it, for everytime he tried to, the vision of his dead wife assailed him, and so the elfling was treated with coldness. But Ancalime took good care of him, and was the most dedicated to the education of the princeling, and also she was the one who named him when she found the opportunity, and so the child was called Greenleaf for that was the very first thing he saw and loved. But after years, the forest seemed to change and the kingdom grew darker. Foul things appeared and assailed the merry folk, which was forced to learn how to fight and to hide in the dim light between the twisting branches and the shadows of their home. The king had to organize troops that searched the woods and killed creatures that before were never seen. The three ellons were the captains of each troop, but one night the oldest ellon disappeared, and neither him nor his body was found thereafter. The darkness grew, and so did the number of troops, and the skill of the elves to fight the evil lurking their precious forest. And then, when the day was come when the forth heir was celebrating forty springs (about six or seven years, in human age), the sun did not rise, and the folk was terrified. Between the shadows, a huge group of orcs attacked the kingdom, and though all troops were sent to fight them, they were still horribly outnumbered. Then, the king gathered his best men and went to the battle himself, forgetting about his youngest children, Ancalime and the princeling, that hid pressed in a corner of the deepest room in the palace, both shaken with fear. After a while, though, Ancalime rouse, and she took the elfling in her arms, and set her weapons on her back, and she left the palace and ran through the forest in search of a safe place to hide. For she thought that the foul creatures were only in the nearest parts of the palace, but unfortunaltely was wrong in thinking so. She found a good hiding place, but soon they were surrounded of orcs, and they were trapped. And so in bravery she turned to her brother and said: "I will go out and search for our brothers, and I leave with you my bow and quiver, and if you sense danger coming in this direction you shoot." and seeing the panicked face of the elfling she said "I will be off for the shortest time I can. If I don´t find any of our brothers, than I may have to fight then alone." the princeling held tears in his deep blue eyes, and pleaded her not to leave him, but he also knew they hadn´t any other choice. And so Ancalime went into the wild. The orcs near the tiny Greenleaf didn´t seem to have any interest in the endless fight going on, but the princeling noticed that they had medicine and suppliments with them, and after a while they made a fire and build small rustic tents, and the elfling was alarmed for he knew he couldn´t just wait there forever. But even in his horrified state,his inner soul told him to calm down, and so he waited and listened. And though he didn´t master the Western yet, and nor all the orcs spoke it, but he was able to catch some word amongst another. "Why... master...insists...stay...fight..." and so on. The more they spoke, being it in Western or not, the more frightened the elfling became. He wondered why some orcs spoke in the commun tongue, for they all seemed the same, and most part of them seemed to speak the black tongue perfectely. But he didn´t wonder for much time, for a few minutes later a great, tall, dark figure emerged from the biggest tent in that camp. The elfling was amazed, both because he hadn´t seen the creature before, and because this was obviously no orc. The creature had half of his face with monstruous features and the other half was almost elven, but marred with many scars, and his eyes were very dark, like his hair, that was long and fell on his torso in jet black cascades . Poor Greenleaf trembled, for the creature was much more scary than the others, and it seemed to him horribly familiar. He remembered, with great terror, that Ancalime had told him once that some orcs were nothing more but elves that had been tortured and corrupted. He was sure that was the case. At the sight of this half orc, all the others bowed, and he grinned, and his eyes shone with malice and power. And then he spoke in clear western, in a voice thick and confident, that rang through the entire forest and shook the trees in a way in which it seemed they were also terrified: "Hold, dear fellows, for today we bring vegeance to the realm of traitors. For long have we hid in silence, and waited as our master, in his greatness and power, told us so. I know many of you are anxious for our victory, for victory shall we have. But guard this corage for thy time, fellows, for it will soon come. For these filthy elves loose this battle just yet, and you are the most important part of this plan that soon will end. Thou shall be the final blow, the one that brings destruction and torns hope." And as he said that, all the orcs in the clearing cheered and screamed their words of hate. The elfling, by that time, clutched his sister´s bow with all his will, though he knew not how he would shoot it in need, for never before had him used such weapon, and it was huge compared to his tiny body, and too heavy for his childish hand to hold it. And as he fetched an arrow desperately, the bow was way too big for him to aim properly, and he did not know who he should shoot shall greater danger came. And at the time the elfling struggled, the leader rouse yet again, and sniffed, then laughed. "Well, my dear fellows it seems now that our plan wasn´t so safe as we though." and at the confusion illustrated in the faces of his subdjects, he laughed his terrible laugh yet again "You see, there is a filthy spy watching us as we speak". And thus, for the horror of the princeling, the leader turned in his very direction. "Well now, where are you, little scum?" The leader said as three more orcs followed him, and the others standed near every edge of the clearing, and the princeling was shaking to the very core. And in the middle of his terror, he shoot the arrow he tried to aim, and it found its way into one of the orc´s chest, and he fell dead. And yet, the leader laughed, delighted with his discover. "Oh, there he is!" he said, for the arrow betrayed the poor little Greenleaf, and it showed the leader his hiding place. And suddenly the princeling found himself in cold arms, and was roughly shoved to the middle