Title: Twisted Lessons Beta: dracoontrapp - any mistakes you'll find are mine due to the changes. Rating: NC-17 Pairing(s):Draco Malfoy/Severus Snape Summary: A rule makes it tough to be in Draco Malfoy's shoes, Snape can't help but notice and tries to help in his own way Disclaimer: This is a work of fan fiction set in the Harry Potter universe – all recognizable characters and settings are the property of J. K. Rowling and her associates. No copyright infringement is intended. No profit is made from this work. Please observe your local laws with regards to the age-limit and content of this work. Warning(s):Slash sex, mentions of incest, adult language as the story unfolds Author's Notes: Originally written in 2008 as an entry under my other name Slashy over at livejournal in the hp_rarities challenge. Fun times! :) I've decided to give this story a face lift as I've changed my style of writing quite a bit over the years - I kept finding inconsistencies throughout that just drives me insane. Can't leave it like that. It's set somewhere around the Halfblood prince timeline, I guess, I've made a couple of changes to make it fit this story. That's it from me, oh and I do love reviews :) *¨^¨*'*¨^¨* Malfoy had been sitting in the exact same spot all day long, pouting. Snape awarded him only with a sidelong glance as he passed by the boy. Wasn't he aware of the time? His next class - in fact, the class that Snape held - was about to start, but Malfoy didn't make a move. Snape only grunted to himself, continuing to move forward. As he walked with quick steps to the center of the room, he did his usual: stared at every student so menacingly that they had to look away sooner or later. Malfoy, however, always put up with good competition, but no such thing at the moment, since the one mentioned wasn't present. He couldn't believe how this matter affected him as much as it did. He did enjoy Malfoy's personality, the limitless supply the boy seemed to have of smart remarks never failed to make Snape's mouth quirk upwards, but in the end he was just a spoiled brat at the best of times. Why did he care that he looked troubled? Not to mention missing Potions. Before he could stop the thought, he felt his lips move on their own. "Oh, you'll pay." Longbottom looked up from where he was sitting. "Sir?" Snape let his black, piercing eyes do the talking and watched Longbottom's trembling lips as his face returned to his Potions book. "You're reading the wrong page, Longbottom." The disdain was as clear as ever and the boy answered his usual. "Sorry, sir, my mistake." "As always," Snape said, with a wave of his wand the book closed shut and opened again to the correct page with such force that it made Longbbottoms hair flutter. Snape sighed and turned on his heel. Malfoy's usual minions got waved away. That was when Snape understood that something must have been bothering him. Sure, he had waved them off many times before, but not like this. Snape frowned and made his way towards that white-blond hair, standing just close enough to be sure that Malfoy would be able to see his shoes. He cleared his throat since Malfoy didn't seem to notice his presence. "Oh, bloody hell, Crabbe, wh-" Draco silenced as he looked up at his Head of House. He studied the boy more closely as he looked up at him. He had dark rings under his eyes. Lack of sleep, obviously, but there was something else; the expression on his face didn't belong there. Snape couldn't help but notice that Malfoy's bad habit had returned: his lower lip was pushed out in a pout just like a four-year-old's. "You, come with me." Those were the words that made him rise to his feet. Snape led the way towards his quarters. Once inside, he locked the room and muttered a silencing spell. His black eyes locked with deep, slightly angry, grey ones. "So, Mister Malfoy, why are you sulking?" "Just..." "Yesssss?" He knew that drawing out the 's' always seemed to make the boy shiver slightly. This time was no different. "Are you actually asking me how I'm doing, Professor?" Snape looked like he had been kicked hard, and made an involuntary twitch with his mouth. "No, I'm just asking you why you are giving me hell these days." Instead of irritating his professor any more but answering back, he settled on looking slightly surprised. "I do what?" "A garden gnome couldn't have stolen my Polyjuice Potion, transforming itself into you, now could it?" "Professor?" A smile played at the boy's lips. "I'm not joking. Unless a garden gnome did exactly that, would you mind explaining to me why your latest exams looked so atrocious? All these years, I corrected each and every one of them, not one looking like they do now." "I...Um..." Snape arched one eyebrow at his otherwise cocky student. "Are you, in fact, speechless, Mr. Malfoy?" "I haven't been sleeping well." "And why is that?" "Like you care!" He spat and fixed his gaze upon his professor defiantly. "Oh, I do care, never doubt that. Your grades are dropping almost as low as Potter's." "Are you comparing Potter's intelligence with a garden gnome's?" "That is not important," he said in a harsher voice than he meant to. He made sure to soften his voice before speaking again, though he didn't know why he bothered in the first place, "Why aren't you sleeping well? Maybe I can help?" Snape frowned when he saw the boy struggle, but lost the battle and a mocking laugh escaped his lips. "Do not laugh at me, Mr. Malfoy." "I'm sorry! Just the whole thing with garden gnomes and Potter, Polyjuice potion...Hilarious really." Once he noticed Snape wasn't as amused he took a few deep breaths to calm himself down. "I have trouble sleeping because of nightmares... okay?" Snape arched his eyebrow again, thinking that the face might make Malfoy speak, but as he feared, the words needed to be drawn out. "Well? Nightmares about what?" "I'd rather not..." "I can force you, you know. If not by myself, I know plenty of spells that might be useful." The Malfoy smirk was in its correct place as he said, "Oh, you wouldn't." "No?" He moved closer to the boy. "No. Because my father-" the boy silenced on his own, so used to having his father there for him. Now that he wasn't, things weren't going quite as well for Draco as they once did. Playing on this matter, hoping to get the boy angry so that he would spit out his nightmares, Snape fought the urge to smile sneakily when he continued, "-Is in Azkaban, yes, I know." "Don't... I don't want to talk about this, please just..." Before he could finish, Snape flicked his wand towards the cabinet in the corner of his office which held the test of each of his students. It made an unmistakable rattle and Draco knew instantly what it was and it made him reluctantly move closer to Snape. Boggarts... He took a few steps back. He never got the chance to see who or what his boggart was that time in class because of Potter's desperate need to be a drama queen. The stupid fool took that boring class to an abrupt end just as it started to get interesting. Silently, he had thanked Potter, really, for being the idiot that he was. He didn't want to display his fears to the others. Many things scared him, among those being squirrels, and he just couldn't live with himself if a squirrel jumped out as his boggart. He would be ridiculed, just like he ridiculed others if that one ever got out. So he didn't find out thanks to Potter, and he didn't want to find out now, either. He had a feeling his professor's sarcastic nature would have a blast if the boggart took the shape of a tiny squirrel. Taking in the look on Snape's face however, Draco knew that he didn't have a chance getting out of here before his professor made his point. His thoughts were interrupted by Snape's dry voice, "You know what this is, no?" Draco sighed and nodded. "Place yourself in front of me." "I don't want to!" The childish tone of voice matched with his innocent face, but Snape knew better. Now annoyed beyond belief, he grabbed Draco's collar, pulling him close and placing him harshly next to himself. "Puppy dog eyes won't work on me. Your mother might melt for the trick, but not me, so stop what you're trying to do. You're wasting your time, and mine." "But...I don't...I'm not..." "You're sounding like a child, stop this instant!" "But..." He bit his lip hard. Snape frowned at the sight of a scared Draco. He didn't look the way Snape had pictured him looking scared. The thought had thrilled him to no end in his daydreams whenever Draco had been particularly disrespectful although that rarely happened towards Snape, there had been times when the boy had lashed out at him. After those times he wouldn't mind having Draco as scared of him as Neville Longbottom was. But this sight wasn't enjoyable at all. He sighed for letting the boy get under his skin, annoyed with himself for the first time in this conversation. He cleared his throat. "What's the problem, Mr. Malfoy? Obviously something is bothering you." "It shows my boggart...What do you expect? Laughter?" "Don't be scared, it can't hurt you, even if it could, I'm here. Now, let's begin." Without waiting for a reply, the doors flew open and a furious hooded figure turned up. Snape knew who this was even before the hood revealed its face: Lucius Malfoy. Snape knew that Lucius could be intimidating, sometimes vicious and very unpredictable, but Snape was truly surprised when he resulted in Lucius' only son's greatest fears. Draco inhaled sharply after inspecting the body up and down, clearly expecting his boggart to be something smaller than this. Taking a few stumbling steps back, his eyes fixed themselves on that oh-so familiar face. "Father...I didn't..." "The spell, Mr. Malfoy, out with it!" he barked like an order. "I...I don't remember..." The tremor in his voice spoke for itself: he was terrified. "Get a hold of yourself, boy! Just mock him, picture him looking ridiculous!" He pronounced the magic word on purpose to help him. He just wanted to find out why Draco was so scared of his own father. "Riddikulus!" he screamed from the top of his lungs, pointing his wand towards his father. The almost royal-looking Lucius turned into a 50 year older version of himself, hunched back, using his infamous cane as support and wasn't at all intimidating. Snape tried to block the smile that was close to being displayed on his lips before saying, "Well, well...look at good old Lucius, you'll always have that on him" he added as Draco tried to say something, but got cut off. "Now, talk." Snape used his 'don't argue with me, just do as I say' voice, which ended up with Draco shrugging while staring at him. "Well, I don't know why..." "People don't make excuses for one's fears, Mr. Malfoy." "I wasn't, I just didn't realize that he was my boggart, that's all!" It was spoken softly as he looked at Snape at the same time he twisted his hands nervously. "Since when?" "Things got worse once the Dark Lord returned after the triwizard..." "What things?" "Instead of being just mean about my grades and his expectations of me being a Malfoy and all... He became more physical." "Is he beating you?" Snape failed to hide his surprise at this thought, but frowned when Draco almost whined. "No, he's just being an arse.