Lord of the Rings, The Fellowship of the Ring I do not own the 'Lord of the Rings' series, but I do own any OCs that I may create. This story will also be a mix of the movies and book. Prologue This story is originally largely concerned with hobbits. But due to recent arrangements there is also a lot of concerns with man. Or more precisely a women. From the words of this story a reader may discover much of their character and a little of their history. Hobbits are an unobtrusive but very ancient people, more numerous formerly than they are today; for they love peace and quiet and good tilled earth: well-ordered and well farmed countryside was their favorite haunt. They do not and did not understand or like machines more complicated than a forge-bellows, a water-mill, or a hand-loom, though they where skillful with tools. Even in the ancient days they where, as a rule, shy of 'big folk', as they call us, and now they avoid us with dismay and are becoming hard to find. But now forms a strong story of how four hobbits, one in particular, leave from their homes that are hidden from the rest of the world, on a quest to rid the world of a terrible evil. They become friends with an elf, a dwarf, and three humans. The quest will test each of their loyalties to one another on their quest to save middle-Earth. Chapter 1: A LONG-EXPECTED PARTY For some time now Gandalf and i had known about Mr. Bilbo Baggins of Bag End and his plans for his 111 birthday party. Of course we did not agree with it at first of course but we soon agreed and helped him with the plans a full year and a half before the party. It was hard to communicate with the small hobbit when you are so far apart and the letters took sometime to get to us when we never stay in the same spot for long. I remember one had landed smack dab on Gandalf's face when where climbing over a mountain. He was so mad he refused to read it until three days later when we where off the mountain. Now when we heard about Bilbo's plan to give Frodo the ring, that Gandalf has told me much about and its mysterious powers, you would never find a more happy face on Gandalf's face. When the time of the party drew near we made our way to the Shire, a place neither of us have seen in a long time. You are probably wondering who I am by now, well let me introduce myself. My name is Sarah Silen. I have been a traveling companion for Gandalf for many years after he made a deal with my parents. I have straight blond hair and deep brown eyes, my hair is always pulled back into a loose braid that reaches my shoulder blades. I wear a pure white cloak that has sleeves and a hood made of the best materials that keep me warm, shield me from the weather, and looks good as well. The clock has gold designs around the edges as well. I have silver skin tight pants (which I like to call skinny pants) and a gold tight sleeveless shirt that shows my belly a little. I also wear a pair of white fingerless gloves that are not as white as the cloak. My boats look are as white as the clock and have golden designs as well with a slight heal that is hidden to make them look like flats. Because of Gandalf's choice of work I have mastered the ways of the sword, arrow, and stealth. I am one of the best fighters you will ever find in Middle Earth and take much pride in it. Of course most men and dwarves will not agree with the fact I can fight. The elves of course welcome me as a fighter for they have many women who fight as well. I like to think of myself as wise and quiet but I can be snappy at times. I have a sense of responsibility and know when it is time for fun and when I need to be serious. Now I have never been rather good at riding a horse but I have a pet that is just as good if not better. Pang is my Snow leopard that is larger than a warg. I have had Pang since he was a cub and have even made my own saddle. Gandalf, Pang, and I are probubly the weirdest group you would ever find together and we are proud of it as well. I have saved Gandalf's life several times though he would deny it every time. When we arrive in the Shire the fresh air and peaceful atmosphere sends a wave of security and calmness over me. That's what I love about the Shire. When we come here we can escape the hell and chaos of the outside world, here none of that seems to reach it and people can live peacefully. I ride on Pang beside Gandalf's wagon that carries the fireworks Bilbo ordered. Gandalf makes them himself and each one is different, I have designed a couple but they are never as good and I can't do magic either so he has to do that part. As we enter Hobbiton we come across many farms and everyone will stop and stare at us. Of course we are a strange site to see and a recognizable one to. Because of how often we have come to Hobbiton the hobbits have come accustomed to seeing us even though the visits a speed far apart. The hobbits still haven't warmed up to us either, well the older ones at least. The young hobbits just adore us. And its not every day you see a big folk (as they so love to call us) riding a giant cat. As we came between two hills the sound of tinny foot steps made a smile climb onto my face. "Your late," Frodo said as he appeared on top of one of the tinny hills and made the angriest voice he could muster while crossing his arms staring down at Gandalf and myself, but you could tell that he was trying hard not to smile. Frodo could not see Gandalf's face for the hat hid it from him. The he bought the wagon to a stop in front of Frodo, Frodo's glare faltering slightly. "A wizard is never late, Frodo Baggins" the Gandalf said with a voice that held no emotion; "Nor is he early, for he arrives exatly when he wants to." The Gandalf looked up at Frodo to reveal his old face. His face held a scowl but his eyes where warm like a grandfather and friend. A long silence filled the air, the two continued to stare at each other until they both broke out laughing. "OH! Gandalf it is so good to see you," Frodo said launching himself onto the wagon and giving the old man a hug. "As well you, my dear Frodo Baggins," Gandalf said happily. "But I am not the only one you should be greeting," a twinkle flew through Gandalf's eyes. "Don't tell me I have to say hello to your horse as well," Frodo said mischievously. "HEY! That's not funny Frodo Baggins!" I said frowning slightly. "Oh, Sarah! Of course I'm happy to see you," he said reaching up and hugging me. "Is this Pang?" Frodo said in amazement as he sat back down. "Yeah, he grew a bit." Sarah said. "A BIT! Sarah he has grown a lot more than a bit! Last time you visited he could fit in my pocket." "Yeah, well snow leopards grow fast so I haven't really noticed." "Snow leopard? Is that his species?" "Yeah. They can only be found in the mountains. They are a rare species to." "Alright you to. We can't sit here all day," Gandalf said, he slapped the rains and we continued to Bilbo's. "Oh! its so good to have you here again!" Frodo said happily. "You didn't think we miss Bilbo's birthday, did you." Gandalf said before continuing the wagon. "So how is the old rascal? I hear its going to be a party of special significant ." "Well, you know Bilbo. He has the howl place in an uproar." Gandalf and I laughed slightly. "Well that should please him," I said. The laughed a little more. "Half the Shire has been invited and the other half is turning up anyway." They continued to laugh as they made their way down the road, passing farms and farmers, some turned their heads to look at us when they heard our laughter before going back to their work. "To yell you the truth," Frodo said with a distant look. "Bilbo has been acting a bit odd lately. I mean. more than usual." Gandalf and I shared a look quick look, then made our faces turned serious again. "He has been locking himself up in his study a lot lately. He spends hours and hours pouring over old maps he hasn't bothered touching in years. And he does it when he thinks I not looking," Frodo said sadly. "He's up to something." Gandalf and I looked at him out of the corner of their eyes with a look that clearly said we know something. When Frodo looked at us, we looked away and acted as if nothing happened. "Alrght then, keep your secrets." "What?" I asked acting like I didn't hear; Gandalf only looked at him with a fake confused look. "Know you two have something to do with it. Before you two came along, we Bagginses where very well thought of." "Indeed," Gandalf said with a nod. "Never had any adventures or did anything unexpected." "If your referring to the incident of at the dragon, I was barely involved. All I did was give your uncle a little nudge out of the door." "Well, what ever you did, you've been officially been labeled 'a disturber of the peace'." "Has he now?" I said with a smirk. "Oh really," Gandalf looked over at a farmer who looked up and glared at him. Gandalf quickly looked away and looked at the road. Our attention was brought to the side of the road; children where laughing and making their way to the road shouting Gandalf's name with joy. For Gandalf is well known for children as the big folk who brought fireworks to the shire and it was always an exciting moment when they got to see these spectacular lights. As Gandalf's wagon passed the farm ten hobbit children came onto the road cheering. Their cheering died though when the wagon began to disappear over a hill. The disappointed sounds they made nearly broke my heart but Frodo and I both gave Gandalf an amused and slightly confused look; Gandalf himself looked like he was trying hard not to break out laughing. Just as the wagon was about to disappear Gandalf let loose a small display of fireworks. Gold butterfly and blue flowers floated into the air before disappearing as sparkles around the children who cheered at the display. The same hobbit that had glared at Gandalf started laughing before being shushed by his angry wife. Frodo burst into laughter while I giggled uncontrollably, Gandalf had a strait face but was struggling to hold back a smile. the wagon came to a small hill and Frodo hopped off, Gandalf brought the wagon to a stop. "Gandalf, Sarah; I'm glad your back." "And so am I my dear boy," Gandalf said with a smile. Frodo gave me a smile which I returned; Gandalf and I continued on our way to Bilbo's while Frodo went off to do whatever he was going to do. Shortly after we arrived at Mr. Bilbo Baggins home. I hoped