Fearful Facade. *A.N – First of all, it's all human – basically, Bella was bullied when she was younger – by Edward. 6 years later Bella returns completely different, hiding her real identity from everyone – when presented with a chance to sabotage Edward's life she takes it... but can she hold it up when she herself is being charmed with Edward now turned manwhore?* [rated M for a possibilty of adult themes in later chapters.] Disclaimer: I am not Stephenie Meyer, nor do I claim to be. [it's start of with a dream... [memory] I quivered slightly as we drove closer and closer to the dreaded area. I pushed my tight brown pleats behind my ears and readjusted my purple glasses further and more comfortably up my nose just as my mother rounded the corner, asking me questions now and again, checking with me that I could definitely make my way home by myself; I reassured her repeatedly even though I wasn't quite sure myself, reminding her that I was now 11 years old – a big girl. " Mom, just leave it please, Angela invited me to play with her at the park today and she lives right beside us; she's been to the park by herself lots of times and she'll walk me home – don't worry," my words didn't quite come out the way I planned them to, as usual, my horrible teeth prevented me from properly pronouncing my l's – it was actually very embarrassing to hear yourself talk like a baby day in day out. I saw my mom glance at me through the rear view mirror, a small frown line eminent on her face. She was just a tad overprotective over me; I think because she knows about some of the bullying that goes on, I always strain myself to make sure she knows nothing but something's must have come back to her over the years. I gave her a widespread grin, hoping to encourage her approval, she finally nodded, her newly styled reddish hair which framed her face beautifully, bouncing a little – all of her new looks to impress her new man, a horrendously simple man – Phil. "I guess you'll be fine, I just worry too much," she smiled back at me, with still a touch of concern in her eyes, pulling up to the park gates. The sounds of children's laughter bubbled over to us, through the car windows as we both sat in silence before I leaned my head towards my mom, waiting for her to kiss the top of my head before I got out of the car – but this time she began to give me a hug and I recoiled in mortification – I was laughed at enough, and I really didn't want "mommy's girl" to be added to the long, long list of names I was already repeatedly called, "what?" my mom asked, shocked at my unfamiliar behaviour. " I'm not a baby," I hissed, giving her a quick peck on the cheek then putting my hand on the door handle. She put her hand on top of mine, stopping me from opening it, "what's this about?" I turned my head towards hers, ready to lie to her ceremoniously, just as I always did – but I was caught off guard by her intense, staring eyes. " N-n-nothing," I stuttered, this time not because of my oversized teeth. "I'm just old enough now that I don't need to be fussed over," I saw her face fall slightly as I spoke the words, and all I wanted to do was give her a big bear hug, but I knew all too well the punishment that would be waiting for me just outside the car door if anyone happened to catch me caving in and showing my mother such affection in such a public place – I was too old for it now. " Okay then," she spoke with a slight stiffness to her tone, I'm guessing she was a little offended and I decided it was time to get this show on the road – no more time wasting. "I'm ready to go, I'll be home by eight," I began to smile but she kept her face straight. " Seven." " Eight," but she just raised her eyebrows, signalling her disapproval of my plan. I sighed and glared at her, a new found attitude, "How about half seven?" I waited a couple of seconds before purposefully mumbling under my breath that everyone else was allowed to stay out till eight. She surprised me by turning her stubborn head way from my face and looking down to where her bag was, wedged in at the side of her; I watched as she took out 2 dollar bills and then turned back to me, resignation written across her face. I took them slowly, giving a nod of silent thanks – our relationship had become somewhat strained of late, her boyfriend, Phil, being the cause. Without another word I got out of the car, waving as I did to the warm, smiling face of Angela Webber; I heard my mom's car engine rev up a little then the sound of it driving off around the corner – I felt a pang of guilt, I hadn't even waved a goodbye. But soon all was forgotten as we found our way to the epic climbing frame; we began swinging onto monkey bars, sliding down the rustic old shoot, giggling as we did so, and sharing our crappy family life with each other. Both of us were having some trouble at home, Angela's parents on the verge of a break up and my mother's supremely annoying new man wriggling his way deeper and deeper into my life – trying somewhat, to replace my father. I suppose we were acting a little younger than our years as we chatted and laughed, swung in and out of different places in the humungous frame, climbing on top of the rope surface – pretending to be an acrobat and allsorts. Trying to forget our school time horrors. But they soon caught up with us; in the form of the hell makers themselves: Edward – the leader of the vicious clan, clearly planning things out before he did them teasing me for just walking on this earth. The cause of many sleepless and tearful nights of mine. Emmett – his tank of a brother, a beast of a boy, the one who would hold me down for the girls to kick and scratch at. Rosalie – the long time girlfriend of the above oaf; her utter beauty allowing her to pick on people below her, she had everyone at the school struggling to be her friend. Tanya – Rosalie's devoted follower, always trying to impress everyone with her nastiness, sometimes she seemed sympathetic but then would surprise you with an outbreak of violence. With Edward at the head of them, they made their way towards us slowly, whispering behind hands and making us both blush a ruby red with embarrassment – even though we didn't know what we were embarrassed for. He swaggered forward, his green eyes sparkling mischievously, he opened his mouth, taking a small breath, then turned his gaze directly onto me, "Why are you so disgusting, Isabella?" he asked, as the rest of his crew erupted into cruel laughter. I looked from him, to a fearful Angela, then to a couple of people from my school – onlookers; and decided to just start climbing down, and walk my way home – I ignored his hurtful question and began to place my foot into a lower square of grizzly blue rope. " Isabeeeeeella!" he jeered, "you haven't answer my question..." he paused, biting the tip of his tongue, "or would you like us to answer it for you?" he gestured towards his grinning friends and I shrank back into the scratching surface I was now hanging onto; I chose to ignore him again, glancing up to see a frozen Angela, her eyes trained on those of the bullies. " Please, leave us alone," I choked out, knowing all too well that my repellent lisp was about to be made fun of. " PWWWWEASSSE," Rosalie balled, in an extreme version of me, she stuck out her bottom lip and balled her fists together, rubbing them like a baby would on her face, pretending to cry. I heard the hysterical laughter start and turned away to hide my real tears; all I had wanted was a little play in the park with my friend, clearly I was incapable of staying out of troubles way for just a few hours. " Fatty!" Edward called, "get your big wobbly jelly belly down here before you break the whole climbing frame!" I heard a small whining noise and soon my throat began to tighten, just as it did when I began to cry – I soon realised the whining noise was me, and it was getting louder, it broke and changed into short sobs, I tried and failed to stop them. I slipped down several knots of rope, just as Emmett and Rosalie got to the wall, ready to collect me at the bottom, "Edward!" Emmett smirked, "I know I'm strong for my age, but there is no way that only me and Rosalie could lift her ," he sneered my name scornfully and Emmett and Tanya came towards me, the little gang gathered together again. I must have been about half a metre above their heads when Edward snaked out a hand and pulled on my leg hard just as I was moving the other; I panicked and exerted a deadlock with my hands onto the rough material of the rope, swinging by only my hands as my feet tried to find a place to put themselves. My glasses began to slide down my sticky wet face, making me realise I had begun to sweat – I was rapidly aware of the wetness under my arms and down my back, and wished with all I could that they wouldn't see my embarrassing bodily functions... " Ewwww," Tanya screeched, "look at her back, it's all wet!" " Yuck," Rosalie spat maliciously, reaching up and grabbing one of my round legs, "oh my gawd," she drawled, "I can hardly even fit my hand around her ankle," the rest of them snickered as I felt another whoosh of sweat pour over me, and I gripped even more tightly onto the now burning ropes, biting my lip vehemently, tears streaming unendingly down my face. " Stop," I begged, but it went unheard as they continued their meanities. " Grab the other one, Emm, we're gonna pull this whale down to the ground," she let out a haunting laugh, and I felt the warm and large hand of her chuckling boyfriend through my shoe. " On the count of three," Edward narrowed his eyes nastily, "spotty will fall," with that they started their count down, and as if in slow motion, I looked up into Angela's petrified face, mouthing to her – it's not your fault – but she only shook her head a tear falling from her face, and I heard the echoing 'one' resound around the park, there seemed to be a eerie silence as I was ripped painfully from the ropes and fell screaming into the arms of the lot of them, at first I thought they were being kind enough to catch me, before Edward began to give his orders to how they should drop me on the floor. " N – no," I moaned, almost silenced with fear. " Oh shut up," Tanya growled, getting into the swing of things, "I think you boys should do it now, I can't be bothered with anymore of Belly's whines," she poked at my stomach and I watched in horror as it shook a little, "just like jelly," she giggled. "