Chapter 1 PIPER "Piper! Can you hear me?" Frantic faces. Familiar faces. Not his face. Her vision succumbs to darkness. "We've got to stop the bleeding. She'll need immediate surgery." Doctors. Amateur medics who will try to save her life. But he's not there. Darkness. "Will she make a full recovery?" Her vision goes black before she can hear her fate. Piper dreamed of Jason. They sat on Festus's back, their first quest together. He smiled that cute smirk, the little scar curling, his golden hair ruffling in the breeze. Then, he leaned over to kiss her. He scooted away from her, still smirking. In her gut was an arrow. She screamed in pain, but he just smirked as she slipped off the side of Festus and fell down an endless abyss. "JASON!" she shouted as her eyes snapped open. Her eyes searched the room. She was in the rec room, in a makeshift cot from the infirmary. There are people, but her head throbs too much for her to figure out whom. "Piper! You're awake!" She recognized the voice before she saw the face of Louis Halvard, son of Aphrodite, her half-brother. Next to him was Kristin Sanders, also a child of Aphrodite. "Guys, give her some air," said one of the medics. Will Solace, Piper thought. Yet her brain was too fuzzy to be sure. As they filed out, he sat beside her. "How are you feeling?" "Fine. Now tell me what happened." She sat up fast, her throbbing head telling her she was most definitely not fine. "Relax, Piper. I'll explain, but you need to relax or your blood pressure will get too high. Here, drink this." He handed her some nectar. "Two weeks ago, Aimee found you under a tree with an arrow through your side. You had lost a lot of blood. We were able to stabilize you, but you went into a coma. It's a miracle you woke as soon as you did. We expect you to make a quick and full recovery. Whoever shot you knew what he was doing. He didn't hit any of your vital organs. His intention was obviously not to kill you." "Jason. Jason Grace was the one who was there. He left a note…" "We saw the note, Piper, but…Jason died. He wasn't the one you saw, or thought you saw." "I didn't just see him ! He was there! I know he's dead, or was dead, but the Romans never saw his body! Maybe Donovan somehow…" But even she realized how impossible it was. She bit her lip. Piper McLean, enough tears have been shed. No more being the damsel in distress passing the hours weeping. You are a hero of Olympus. It is time to act like it. Will glanced at her, concerned. "Donovan is powerful. He could have manipulated the Mist to make you see Jason, or the trauma could have caused hallucinations, but, Piper, Jason is dead." Piper nodded, her expression hard. "Yeah. I know." "Even so, we need to prepare Camp in case Donovan strikes again." He paused. "There is something else you need to know, but if you would like to rest first, I understand." She shook her head. "No, tell me. Please." Will Solace continued, "Nico di Angelo is back. He returned from the Underworld with a fifteen year old girl, Lynn Stacey." "That's wonderful news!" Annabeth did it. She found Percy and Nico and brought them back. "How are the Jacksons?" He swallowed hard. "Piper, the Jacksons never returned from the Underworld." "What?" Her mouth went dry. "According to Nico, they found a raft in one of Tartarus's rivers, and it led them out. Along the way the raft went over a waterfall, and the raft split in two. They got separated, and the raft led Nico and Lynn straight to Camp. Percy and Annabeth are nowhere to be found. We've already sent search parties, even sent Iris messages to Poseidon and Athena for any news. They're totally off the grid." Or dead, Piper thought, the words Will was too afraid to utter. Awkwardly, Will stood up. "I'll give you some time to process this." As he left, her mind whirred. She tried to block out thoughts of what might have happened to Percy and Annabeth, it was too much to bear. No, there were bigger problems. No one in Camp would believe Piper about Jason being alive. Just go along with it. And that's what she decided to do even though she knew better, she knew that Jason was alive, and he was on the wrong side. Camp Half-Blood is in trouble. We all are. If Donovan is so powerful as to bring the dead to life and turn them to his side, what else is he capable of? And with that thought, her weariness overtook her, and she fell into a light, troubled sleep. LYNN Lynn stopped and leaned against Thalia's Tree on Half-Blood Hill, looking over the valley spread out before her. It really was a breathtaking view, especially at 6:15 in the morning, as the sun rose above the ocean in the distance. The fifteen-year-old girl pulled her earbuds out and popped her iPod Touch off of her armband. She smiled as she snapped a photo. After three years of unendingdarkness, every bit of light was precious, and Lynn always took a picture on clear days when the sun rose while she was on her morning run. She had grown to love this part of the day over the past two weeks; the half hour before dawn, which is when she went for her run. She hadn't gotten used to having all these people around her, so she cherished every moment when she was alone. She'd never thought she'd think that; after spending three years in the dark with only one other person to talk to, one would thinkshe'd be overjoyed at finally being in civilization again. And it was true; all she'd longed for was to get out of the dark and be with people. But everything was so overwhelming—she'd found out that children of Hades weren't really liked around here, and now the other campers thought she was practically a ghost, coming out of Tartarus after being stuck in there for three years. And on top of all that, the only person she really knew, Nico, wouldn't even talk to her! She sighed, and looked out across the campgrounds again. This was now her home, but it was different from any other place she'd ever been. She jogged down the hill towards the cabins, thinking over her morning. She'd gotten up at her usual time, 5:30,and gone for her run. She normally went the same route every morning, around the border of the woods and strawberry fields, then down along the beach, and back up to Half-Blood Hill, but this morning she'd changed it up a bit. She hadn't had the time yet to go and explore the woods, and truthfully, she hadn't been very eager to go back into the dark. Still, her curiosity had won her over, and she'd told herself that it wouldn't be all that bad; she could always get out whenever she wanted to. So she'd gone into the woods on her run, and what she'd found had amazing and slightly startled her. All the ferocious beasts that were said to be in the forest must have still been asleep, or else not real, 'cause Lynn didn't see a single one. She ventured farther into the woods, and found a huge cave, more like a giant bunker, with its door wide open, in the middle of the forest! Of course,she'd expected to see some weird things in these woods, but a giant bunker? That was beyond what she'd imagined. To make things even stranger, when she'd looked inside this bunker, she'd seen Leo Valdez, the crazy young man who'd escorted her and Nico into Camp when the first got there, in the middle of the bunker, working relentlessly on something. Lynn hadn't seen him since she'd arrived, and now she knew where he'd gone off to. She'd been about to go in and look around, when Leo's hair suddenly burst into flames. That sorta convinced her to go head back to the main part of Camp, where she'd finished up her run at Half-Blood Hill, and was now stepping into her cabin. She looked around the small room, hoping beyond hope that her new half-brother would, for some reason or another, be there. But she already knew the cabin was empty; Nico would never come back as long as she was there. She felt guilty. From what she'd heard from Chiron, this camp had been the only place Nico could really call home, and now that she was here, he was staying away. He'd been away for so long; he deserved a chance to be among the people who knew and cared for him. Lynn suddenly realized that maybe she wasn't the only reason Nico was staying away. According to the other campers, no one really liked him, apparently he'd always been a loner. Sure, he had some people here who liked him, but maybe he wanted to stay out of everybody's way, at least for a little while, and get used to being in the world again. He was probably feeling just like Lynn herself felt. Feeling a little better, but still a tad guilty, Lynn took off her sweaty clothes, and started her shower. Minutes later, she was drying herself off, and putting on fresh shorts and her Camp tee. She glanced at the clock on her nightstand. 6:28. She still had time to write in her journal before breakfast. She pulled it out from her small bookshelf, flopped down onto her bed after grabbing a pen, and started writing. Dear Journal, Good morning! I just got back from my morning run, and, since it's been a few days since I wrote in you, and l have to fill you in on a few things, I guess that it's time for a new entry. On Friday, I found out during my shower after Capture the Flag that I had gotten my worst sunburn yet. It's still all over my shoulders, arms, and the backs of my legs. That's the last time I'm wearing a tank top at four pm in the evening during the hottest time of the year! It's slowly starting to get better, my burn that is, and I'm actually getting more brown than red. It's a miracle! The sunrise was beautiful this morning! I took a picture of it, as always; I am always amazed at all the colors there are in a sunrise. I know everyone says that sunsets are way better to watch than sunrises, but I think they just say that because they're too lazy to get up that early in the morning to see the sunrise. Oh, I'm sooooo glad I'm out of the darkness, Journal! I will never again take light for granted! I guess that's why I like the sunrise so much. It brings light into the day, whereas sunset takes away all the light. I don't know how I'm the daughter of the god of the Underworld and I can't even begin to imagine living down there for eternity! I guess that's why people say he's not the most friendly or kind god; he's forever been in the darkness, with no one to bring light into his life. Someday, I hope I can do that for him. I know Hades left me alone when I was born, and didn't even make any efforts to get to know me, but he did the best he could. The Staceyswere always good to me, and I was a lot better off than a lot of other demigods. I guess I should be thankful, but I can't help but feel abandoned. The thing is, I think that my dad feels the