Disclaimer: I do not own anything and make no money off the characters. A/N: Just a little plot bunny that refused to leave me alone until I wrote it all down. One-Shot. Hope you enjoy! Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry was almost done for the school year. It was late April in Scotland, and while it wasn't particularly warm or sunny, excitement was in the air for both students and professors alike. The snow had melted only a week or so before but that did not stop students from rushing out to sit on the lawn by the Black Lake and dream about summertime. The occasional professor could also be seen strolling the grounds, thankful for the fresh air. That could not be said about Professor Granger. Today, she remained inside the castle, locked down deep in the dungeons in her lab. The Potions Mistress had taken up the vacant potions professor spot nearly four years ago. At first, she had never dreamed of coming back to Hogwarts. She had wanted to start a career with a corporate potions company and focus on her true passion: research. But Minerva McGonagall had come to her two years after she had gotten her Masters asking her to come back to Hogwarts and take on the position. She was planning on retiring and Severus Snape was to become Headmaster. Hermione had almost said 'no' based on this fact alone. Severus Snape had been the one person that had filled most of her thoughts and nightly dreams since the end of the war. She alone had gone back to the Shrieking Shack to retrieve his body only to find him alive and breathing, but just barely. She rarely left his side during those first few weeks at St. Mungo's. The Healers all said he had prepared well; taking anti-venom daily as well as a few other precautionary potions, and keeping a bezoar on his person. But, they insisted, he would not have lasted much longer if Hermione hadn't gotten to him when she did. She came to visit his room every day until one day he suddenly wasn't there. Thinking something terrible had happened, she ran to the closest Healer and demanded to know what had happened. Hermione was surprised to hear that nothing had befallen him, he simply checked himself out earlier in the morning and that no one knew where he had gone. Hermione was shocked and a little disappointed but what had she expected. This was exactly how Severus Snape acted. That was the last time she had seen him when Minerva came to see her. She couldn't tell Minerva 'no'. So here she was, nearly four years later, working at Hogwarts alongside the new Headmaster. The first year was awkward for the both of them. Hermione had a different teaching style than Snape and the latter usually liked to visit her classroom and critique her. Hermione quickly put an end to that. Slowly, over the next few years they established a tentative friendship. Neither bringing up the events that took place after the war. Hermione thought it was better that he didn't know and Severus was trying to forget. However, the pair quickly determined that the actually had a lot in common. Their friendship grew deeper to the point where they rarely spent time without the other. Hermione easily considered Severus to be one of her closest friends. That is why, on the first beautiful day of spring, instead of strolling the grounds, the pair was locked down in the dungeon. Hermione had demanded that she be allowed to do independent research on potions during her free time at Hogwarts. Snape had only been too happy to agree with a catch. He wanted to assist her in whatever she was working on. At first, Hermione refused. It was her work and her ideas. It was only after some time as friends that he assured her that he did not want any credit, he merely wanted to help. While he may be the Headmaster now, his true passion would always be potions. They were both down in her potions laboratory working on the final stages of an experimental potion. Hermione had yet to tell him exactly what the potion did but from the ingredients she had him working with he had an idea. Snape was surprised to say the least. He never figured Miss Granger would ever want to work on something like this; she was too dedicated to noble causes and things like that. He did, however, know there was a need in a certain market of the magical community for such a potion. He definitely was not speaking for himself. "Severus, I believe we are done!" Hermione exclaimed as she added the last drop of horklump juice. Snape smirked. "I would be excited for you Professor Granger if I knew what it was I helped you create." Hermione laughed. "Sorry Headmaster, you'll just have to wait for the convention in Paris like every other potions master. For now you can call it potion #37. I'm sure you have an idea already, and no doubt your idea is correct." She said as she bottled up a couple of samples. She needed to send them to the review board for a trial before there were any real celebrations. Snape frowned. "You assume I'm going to the convention." "You go every year." She responded without looking at him. "I may not go this year. There is nothing of interest to me on agenda, not even your little potion here, seeing as I do not need it." He said defiantly. Hermione turned around to look at him. "You will." She said simply before placing the samples on a high shelf. She didn't need any students accidentally getting a hold of it. She paused before putting the last sample up and instead turned to give it to Snape. "Here, if you want to know about it so badly, take a sample. I strongly suggest you don't use it until after the students leave, however." He quickly took the offered sample from her and placed it in the back pocket of his robes. It didn't matter if he didn't exactly need it. A potioneer often tested his own experiments and since it was non-lethal and supposedly good for recreational use, why not. "Enough of potions for the day," Hermione said as she grabbed his arm. "It's the first nice spring day of the year. Everyone is outside besides us and I think even you need some fresh air once in a while." She stated as she guided his to the doors of the lab. Snape was about to start yelling his objections when a third year Hufflepuff slammed the door open and ran directly into him. The boy bounced off of him, falling to the floor. Snape was forced, rather hard, back into one of Hermione's desks, which probably prevented him from falling to the floor. The third year looked up at the Headmaster with so much fear in his eyes that Hermione thought he would start to cry. "I am so sorry Headmaster Snape. I didn't know anyone besides Professor Granger would be here." The boy said, standing up. Snape's eyes flashed with anger. "Would it be any better if you had run in here and knocked Professor Granger over? Twenty points from Hufflepuff for your clumsiness." "What did you need Mr. Matthews?" Hermione asked before things could get any worse for the boy. Snape always got defensive when it came to her and she did not need him frightening a third year. "I came to hand in my late essay professor. I'm sorry about it being late." Matthews stammered as he handed her the parchment. "It's no problem Mr. Matthews. You had a note from the hospital wing. Just next time make sure to come during my office hours to drop off assignments." Hermione responded kindly. Matthews nodded and practically ran out of the lab. He did not want to lose any more points for his house. After he left, Hermione turned to Snape. "Did you have to scare him to death? He's only a third year!" Snape's eyebrows both rose into his hairline. "He ran into me!" He demanded. "It was clearly an accident Severus." Hermione stated. Snape merely shrugged. The boy was clearly at fault for the altercation and stating he would rather have ran into Hermione. How dare he? Did the boy have no sense of manners? Snape stepped away from the desk table and headed towards the door. This was his only chance to escape from walking around the grounds with her and he was going to take it. Not that he didn't like being in her company; in fact, he rather enjoyed. But the mood was clearly gone now. That was until he felt a dripping sensation down his pant leg. Looking down he could barely make out a faint lime green color as it trailed down his pant leg and absorbed into his skin. The glass bottle that contained the potion had broken, damn. "Professor Granger." He said after a pause. "I think it's now imperative that you tell me exactly what the potion we were working on does." Snape stated, trying to remain clam but he could already feel a warming sensation running through his blood. "What?" She asked. "Why?" Snape narrowed his eyes at her. "Because it is currently spilling down my pant leg, thanks to Mr. Matthews." He explained as he removed his outer cloak and any unnecessary clothing as to not get it contaminated by the potion. Hermione's face turned beet red. "Oh Severus, I am so sorry!" She exclaimed and quickly rushed over and tried to clean some of it off his pant leg with her own cloak. "It's a little late for that professor. I can already tell you that most has been absorbed into my skin. Now what does your damn potion do!" Severus snapped. Hermione blushed. This is the one situation she had hoped to avoid with him. This would clearly ruin any chance she had with him. He would never want to be anything more than friends with her after this. Thinking quickly, she pulled him through the adjoining door between the lab and her personal quarters and then pushed him down into a plush blue armchair. Hoping that if he was sitting, he would be less angry with her. She collected herself with a deep breath. "I'm sure you already have an idea of what it does from the ingredients. You're highly intelligent. It's different from others on the market. Instead of lasting for a certain length of time, it will only last as long as the user wants. Also, the strength of the potion is affected by the feelings the user has for the person they are with. That's why I targeted it more for couples than those looking for a quick hook up." She explained. "And the fact that older men are willing to pay a lot more to keep their love lives alive." Snape said smirking. "Yes, well that is part of it." Hermione said with a slight smile. "But, I wouldn't be worried too much Severus. While you will feel some effects of the potion, such as a warming sensation and other slight increases, the potion won't truly affect you unless you have feelings for someone near you and since we are stuck in the castle, I don't think that will be a problem." Severus felt his stomach drop. Of course that would be his downfall, and here he thought he could get out of this without any embarrassing setbacks. Hermione, oblivious to the sudden look of dread that crossed his face, continued on. "So I suggest you just go spend the afternoon in your quarters and you should be good to go by supper." Snape remained silent. Was it better to suffer in silence or tell her his secret and possibly