Hermione was certain of two things only. The first was that the two figures in the distance flying toward Hogwarts were Harry and professor Dumbledore. The second was that she had to get herself unnoticed to the Astronomy tower because, with how high they were flying, that was the most likely place they would land. It was a logical assumption, backed up by the fact that it was from above the Astronomy tower that the green light of the Dark mark pulsed. Malfoy's plan, whatever it was, succeeded. Death Eaters were in the castle. It was half past nine when Harry ran out of the Fat lady's portrait and barged into the Gryffindor common room, ignoring Ron and Hermione who were doing their homework on the couch in front of the fireplace. Breathless, he ran past them and up the stairs into his dormitory, ignoring Ron's inelegant 'Oi!' and Hermione's voice calling out his name. He ran out back to them less than a minute after, having retrieved from his suitcase everything he needed. "No way, mate," Ron started in an exasperated voice after Harry chucked the Marauder's map into his lap. "I've got homework to copy," he whined, chucking the map right back at Harry as he reached for the mug of cocoa on the coffee table in front of him. He was hoping that Harry would take the lengthy Transfiguration assignment that was due tomorrow as a good enough excuse not to stick him with the job of babysitting Draco Malfoy's name on a piece of old parchment, at least for tonight. The candle lit room was warm and the air smelled faintly of cinnamon from the apple pies Dobby brought them earlier, but the peaceful comfort Ron and Hermione were feeling was gone when they noticed that Harry's mood was positively electric. Breathless as Harry was from running all the way from the headmaster's office, he seemed in such a mood that he might jump, start shouting and dancing all the same time, if only he wasn't too preoccupied with trying to catch his breath. "Where are you going?" asked Hermione, who was comfortably reading a book on advanced Arithmancy up until Harry barged in. A hint of alarm was in her voice since she noticed the folded Invisibility cloak under Harry's arm, knowing full well it could only mean trouble. "It's after curfew," she said as she reached up and tugged on Harry's sleeve gently. She could feel Harry's silent excitement radiate in waves and she felt certain that she wasn't going to like whatever he was up to. Here we go again, she thought as he leaned his head closer to them so that they could hear his silent whispers. "It's happening. Dumbledore's found a Horcrux and he's taking me with him." Ron immediately spat out a bit of cocoa that he was sipping onto his lap, the droplets luckily missing the Map, and Hermione gasped in horror rather loudly, covering her mouth with her hands in her usual manner. "We would have left already but I had to come here and fetch the Invisibility cloak," Harry said with a determined smile, ignoring their reactions and reached into his pocket. "Feels like a good time to drink this," Harry said before they could recover from the shock of his declaration and attack him with questions. He was grinning as he took the vial of the remaining Felix Felicis out of his pocket, uncorked it and drank its contents in a big gulp. He savoured the sweet taste of the amber liquid, thinking that that was the last time in his life he would pour Luck down his throat, and closed his eyes in order to completely enjoy the moment. "Harry, but where are you going?" Hermione repeated her question, this time in a shrill voice, her fear rising after she witnessed Harry drink the last of the precious potion. Harry was acting nonchalant, as if he might have just drunk pumpkin juice, but she knew inside herself that wherever they were going must be very dangerous if there was need for that. "Did professor Dumbledore ask you to drink the Felix or was it your own idea?", she added to her question. "I don't have time to explain," Harry started, and immediately the effects of the potion were visible. He seemed like he might have taken a calming drought instead of the Liquid luck as all his excitement was suddenly gone, replaced by a sense of purpose. "That is, other than it's in a cave that's in the middle of nowhere," he continued, "and no, he didn't tell me to drink it, I just felt like I'll really need it. Ron, watch over Malfoy for me," Harry repeated his request as he turned his attention to his friend in a pleading voice. "But I've got..." Ron started but didn't finish, instead he made an exasperated expression as he pointed at the Transfiguration papers that covered almost the entire table in front of them. "With Dumbledore away, it will be a perfect chance for him to do something stupid. Again, " Harry emphasised, and they both knew he had a point there. Ron sighed and nodded, knowing there was no point in arguing with Harry about something as silly as Malfoy right before his mission with Dumbledore. McGonagall probably won't give him too harsh a punishment for not completing the assignment anyway, he consoled himself, and he knew that Harry hasn't even started on his. "Thanks, mate," Harry said, sounding very relieved and the gratitude in Harry's voice cheered Ron up, if only a bit. "I've got to go now," he said, nodding to both of them, and started turning but stopped when he felt Hermione grab his hand. "Promise me that you won't do anything stupid," she asked as she tugged hard at his sleeve. He looked into her pretty, chestnut coloured eyes and saw fear and pain in them, and he felt guilty for making her feel that way, but he knew that he couldn't refuse Dumbledore's request for help even though he knew he would leave his favourite girl behind in emotional turmoil. "I won't, don't worry," he said as he leaned down to embrace her and buried his face into the chaos that her hair was, inhaling deeply, thinking to himself that the scent of her shampoo will probably be the best thing to bring back to memory in case he was to die tonight. "Dumbledore already made me promise to do everything he tells me. That should be more than good enough for you," he said with a smile as his lips were behind her ear, and he gave her a small kiss there, knowing that Ron wouldn't be able to see the excess of affection. He felt her shiver slightly as he released her and both he and Ron heard her sniffle gently. Hermione's reaction to a situation like this was fretting and general panic, but Ron's way was to mask fear with annoyance. "Bloody hell, Mione, they are only going to fetch a Horcrux, not march into the Malfoy manor and have a grand battle with the ugly snake and his stupid army," Ron said as he pushed himself up in order to help Harry free himself from what seemed to be becoming a suffocating embrace. "Please don't make too big of a deal out of this," Hermione heard Harry's gentle voice in her ear as he gave her another kiss, on her temple this time, and in the next moment he was already walking away from them while unfolding the cloak in order to disappear from sight. Harry didn't stop to turn around. He wanted to, but he felt Felix starting to kick in at its full strength. It was telling him that they'll be alright. As he was stepping out of the portrait again he knew Ron already took over comforting Hermione. Felix was also telling him that Ron will do what he asked of him and somehow he knew that that was a crucial part of the events tonight. All that he needed to do now is to be quick about getting to Dumbledore so the whole business can be over as soon as possible. Both Ron and Hermione were silent as they waited for Harry's return, but Hermione's silence was more of the brooding type as opposed Ron's, who looked more resigned than anything else. For the first time since the Golden trio was formed Harry Potter left both his friends behind and headed into danger by himself. There were times when one or both had to stay behind but this was the first time they were knowingly left behind, sitting on a sofa in front of the fireplace in the Common room with mugs of cocoa and homework scattered around them. With how unconcerned Harry seemed, it felt to them as if he was headed for detention with Snape instead of Voldemort-related business. They knew they couldn't help him this time around, but simply being aware of it didn't make them feel any better. They wanted to be involved because that's how the Golden trio worked. It's what they were used to after six long years of mischief and disobedience. More than an hour passed since Harry left. Some of the charmed candles have gone out (the castle's signal to the remaining students that it's bedtime) and the light in the room grew fainter, which added even more to the ominous atmosphere. The grandfather clock behind them rang eleven times, its chimes leaving no echo in the room, but just hearing the sound break the eerie silence sent unwelcome shivers up their spines. Ron had the Map in his lap and his eyes were glued on it, because even though he thought the information on Malfoy's whereabouts was useless without knowing what he was actually up to, he knew that Harry was counting on him. He turned the pages mechanically every few minutes to check Malfoys common routes. Upon finding him absent on every one of them, he went back to monitoring the empty hallway in front of the Room of Requirement. Hermione, lying next to him, had a book in her lap but no patience to read it and instead occupied herself by staring at Ron's profile as he studied the Map, her mind clouded with worry. Even though she was wrapped all around in a thick golden blanket which made her look like an oversized dragon egg, she stuck her feet under the redhead's thigh in search for even more warmth. Feeling her discomfort, which he knew had nothing to do with her cold feet, Ron mechanically reached for her leg and started stroking it over the blanket. "Mione," he started with a sigh without looking up from the Map, "he drank an entire bottle of Felix Felicis in front of our eyes. He'll be fine," he said, trying to comfort her. "And he's with Dumbledore," he added. For him this was argument enough but he knew that she wouldn't be calm even if Harry was with the entire Order. "They aren't going to a battle, they just need to collect Voldemort's cursed earrings or something like that," he said and sniggered as various imagined pieces of gaudy jewellery which the Dark Bastard might have used to make himself the world's biggest pain in the arse flashed through his mind. What he said was silly enough to drag a small smile on Hermione's face. "But you've seen Dumbledore's hand," she said with a sigh as she pushed her back off the sofa and leaned on her forearms. "Even he can get careless. He's probably a lot weaker now due to that injury. And there is only so much luck one can have when fighting the darkest magic in the world, even with the Felix Felicis." She started pulling her feet from under Ron but he grabbed them with both his hands quickly