Warning this story is rated M for a reason if your underage dont read it will get graphic at some point- -My Edward in this story is dark possesive and a total asshole -Bella is a total bitch you might not like her but thats ok you don't have to Also this story got inspired by 2 songs True love way BY KINGS OF LEON hence the Tittle I love the way you lie by Eminem & Rihanna DISCLAIMER I DO NOT OWN TWILIGHT BUT SOMEWHERE IN MY SICK MIND I LIKE TO THINK I DO...READ ENJOY IF NOT GO TO HELL }=0) POUND-POUND-POUND I cringed each time I hear the rhythm of the sound; I look around to see how many people have heard it- could it be possible its just me, I hate knowing he's in there with her . I look across the room I make eye contact with Alice she gives me a sad smile- yes she knows my infatuation with him but just her, I might be petite and quiet at times, have the balls to stand for what I believe, I might also get in fights in bars beat the shit out of any guy or girl who talks shit to my friends or me I don't take shit from no one; but funny shit I don't have the balls to tell him how I feel, how pathetic am I? I notice James whispers something into Allys ear, James is her boyfriend of 2 years they met when she went to a Christmas party at her job she was new and fresh out of college, she's 25 and he's 27 she's a clothes designer and her boss Victoria just loves her work, if Victoria only knew she's going to loose her very soon Ally plans to open her own boutique. I notice James is kissing her neck, I look away feeling like if I'm intruding on a private moment I look towards Emmet- he's Alice older brother. Do I need to explain he's look? Just put it like this he would make a great bodyguard for the president, he's cute 6'0 feet tall with brown curly hair with big blue eyes he's the total opposite of Alice she's a pixie so freaking tiny with hazel eyes short spiky hair, I think its black-blue I can't even tell what kind of color it is but It works for her. Desperate to get away from the pounding, I get up from the couch where I was sitting and make my way to the kitchen to grab my self a beer, I notice most of the guest are bit passed buzzed. "Remind me again why I came to this party" I hear Emmet ask behind me, I turn around and smile at him before answering. "You know I don't even know what I'm doing here my self" I tell him, he hands me a beer which I thank him and drink as if my life depended on it. "but I'm bored as fuck, I think the reason we both came is because of your sister that damn pixie is the Devil's child" I tell him, pointing to her I shake my head remembering the threats she said if we didn't show up. "You want to have some fun?" he asks me wiggling his eyebrows, I burst out laughing I can see he's devious smile "what are you thinking?" I ask- god I know I'm going to regret it but anything is better than to sit around hearing them go at it. "well I just came from outside and well they're playing beer pong want to play?" he asked with a hopeful smile "you know I'm too fucking sober for this party" I answer "Is that a yes?" he asks I put my empty beer bottle down at a nearby table and start walking towards outside leaving a confused Emmet behind. I look over my shoulder and ask "Are you coming or what? I need a partner" I tell him- he smiled so big that I think he's cheeks are going to split. "Hell fucking yea!" he yells with a fist pump on the air, I laugh at he's enthusiasm. Its just us two against some guy's who work for Emmet- Emmet is 27 and he owns his own shop he's a mechanic, a couple of he's workers are here, I know some of them for the same reason that my truck has been towed to his shop for a lot of fucking problems, I think I need a new car, my old truck is ancient- time for an upgrade I guess. "Hey Jake my man!" Emmet bellows to the Jake in front of us they do the one arm hug thing that all man do. "Emmet what's up" Jake says looking at me with a smile "Well Bella here and me would like to play some beer pong are you up for a little competition?" he asks wiggling he's damn eyebrows again "Hell yea bring it baby" Jake says coming closer to me, I just shake my head and laugh I haven't played this since I was in college. "Are you ready to loose to a girl baby?" I ask in a sultry voice, I notice him shiver and I smirk knowing I did that to him, all of the guys who heard started whooping. "Let the games begin doll face" he says, he winks at me before walking toward he's side of the table I look at Emmet and I nod my head letting him know I'm ready. "Lets show them who's the boss baby girl" Emmet whispers in my ear while holding me by my waist, a smirk at him knowing full well that Emmet is a master at this. 2 hours later and many beers which I lost count of how many cups did I emptied out, I feel buzzed everything seems to be spinning around me. The music around me seemed to have gotten louder, I giggle knowing its probably just me "What are you laughing at" Jacob slurred out, I start giggling again "I think your all drunk" I slur out, I notice Emmet has a buzz going too. "Did you have fun now My Bella?" asked Emmet with a happy grin "You know what baby E I'm glad its Saturday I don't think I could have gone to work if it were to be Sunday night my ass probably wouldn't want to get up the next morning" I slurred out. All of the guy that were around the table watching the match just started to laugh "Hey I want to dance!" I yelled, I grabbed Jake and Emmet by the arm and started dragging them to where everyone was dancing, I saw a spot where I wanted to take them- I pushed Emmet in front of me while I left Jake behind me. A song that I liked started playing I knew this song and I started grinding my ass against Jake while I sang along to it ' Got up in the club, posted in the back Feeling so good, looking so bad Rocking this skirt, rocking this club Got my middle finger up, I don't really give a fuck' I stuck both of my fingers up in the air showing them I didn't really give a fuck- I pressed my back to Jake as I slid down; rubbing my hands on Emmet chest. ' Rocking this diamonds, I'm rocking this chains Make sure you get a picture, I'm rocking this fame To be what you is, you gotta be what you are The only thing I'm missing is a black guitar' I looked at Emmet under my eyelashes while I bit my lip, all I heard was a low grunt and 'fuck' I turned around and started grinding against him, he grabbed my hips and pulled me to him I could feel his very prominent bulge, I smirked and looked at Jake his eyes were hooded with lust To torture him a bit I licked my lips and moaned. I could hear all the guys around us were whooping, Emmet's breath hitched when I push my ass more to his bulge and started singing loude. ' Six inch walker, big shit talker I never play the victim, I'd rather be a stalker So baby take me in, I'll disobey the law Make sure you frisk me good, check my panties and my bra. Wild 'n' out a crazy house with my white jacket on Won't you come and sign me out To be what you is, you gotta be what you are The only thing I'm missing is a black guitar' I moved away from both of them, I closed my eyes and started swaying my hips back and forth with both my hands up in the air. I knew I was drunk but at this moment right now I didn't give a fuck I wanted to loose my self forget about him about our fucked up relationship everything and everyone I wanted to just have fun!. ' Hey I'm rocking out tonight ' cause I can't wait 'til tomorrow I'ma live my whole life in the night ' cause I ain't got time to borrow I'm rocking out tonight Why wait 'til tomorrow I'ma live my whole life in the night' I kept dancing until I felt some arms around me, I opened my eyes to see who it was, I was a bit disappointed not seeing the color I wanted, I got blue instead of green. "Bella" Emmet whispered huskily against my neck, I can smell the alcohol on his breath "Emmet" I replied noticing my voice was the same as husky as his "want to have more fun tonight?" he asked, I looked at him, his eyes were hooded "what are your plans?" I asked "We can go somewhere more private" he said while looking me in the eye. We have never crossed any line me and him we have always been friends, nothing has been romantically between us always friendly, shit I didn't even know if he had any feelings towards me. I notice he started to lean in, right away I understand what he's trying to do so I start to lean in our lips are almost brushing all we need is for one of us to lean in a bit more and cross the line of friendship. Epv: I can't tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like And fuck right now this is suffocating me. I'm fucking pussy for not telling her how I feel about her, but fuck she must be blind to not see it she should see the hints when I'm possessive of her it wasn't always like that for us it just started when I realized that I liked her more than a friend. The first time I snapped is when she brought her date Marcus over to Emmet's place we were doing a BBQ, that fucker leaned in and grabbed her ass right in front of me, I beat the shit of that guy, she lost her cool and slapped me I was full of rage I kept yelling at her. Since then I can't stand the fact to see any idiot of a guy around her the same shit goes with her she can't take it when a girl is around me or flirts with me, we are some complicated idiots. I rub my face cause this whole situation is fucking ridiculous, I mean I stay away for the same reason what if we take it to the next level it doesn't work out then what?…fuck I'll probably loose her friendship and that's the last fucking thing I want. I get startled out of my thoughts when I feel a hand starting making its way down to my dick, I sit up in one swift movement and get out