Forced Empathy Summary: Only a soul that exists in the past may travel to it. Harry travels back in time, at the cost of his own soul, to kill Tom Riddle before he can make a horcrux. But he didn't quite factor in his own soul fragment. Studies on psychopaths have recently shown they can turn on and off their empathy at will. They use their empathy to get close to their victims, then, when it is convenient for them, turn it off. That pretty much means all those stories about teaching Riddle to have feelings about people, empathize with them, where he struggles to go back to total darkness because he cares about their pain? Yeah, that's not realistic. There would be no struggle. He would just turn his empathy off, and thus stop caring about their pain. Bye bye inconvenience! It's been concluded the only way to cure psychopathy is to find some way of permanently putting the empathy 'On', and deactivating the switch. What better way then, but to outright force them to? Even then, they'd probably be pretty messed up. This is just a plot bunny and likely will be very short, maybe even a two-shot. It's motivated by all those really, really unrealistic fics of people cuddling up to an abuser who in all likely-hood /would/ act that charming and like he cares that much about them, that they're that special... until they are firmly in his grip, at which point he'd treat them like crap just like the rest of his followers, and, if they genuinely are as powerful as him, murder them the moment their guard is down because Riddle doesn't /want/ an equal, and sociopaths are perfectly willing to sabotage things even for themselves as long as they still remain better off than the object of their spite. You are free to steal the idea for your own fic, and if it results in things being better written and a better understanding of psychopathy from people then I will be glad for it. . One. - Death of a Soul . They had broken into the Unspeakable's research last month, looking for the edge that could tip them over in the battle against Voldemort. When Harry learned he could travel far into the past, he'd been giddy, and wanted all of them to come, but Hermione looked grim. Ron wasn't there with them... he had sacrificed his life to save them, a week before, gallivanting off on his own to buy them more time by drawing the Death Eaters away from their location. The loss was still fresh on all their minds. Ron had been an idiot and a prat at times, but he'd been their idiot, and had willingly died for them. They were hiding now in an Unplottable location, on an island populated by Medusa where few wizards would want to roam, but one couldn't hide forever if you wanted to make progress. The gorgons had been surprisingly friendly to the young Parselmouth and his friend, but didn't want any part in the war. They weren't the only ones, and with nearly all their allies dead, they were alone. That was why he couldn't believe Hermione looked even the slightest bit hesitant about time travel when she'd been the first one of them to ever use a time-turner, and that was just for classes! "Harry, the consequences of going into the past will be enormous. There's no guarantee, going back that far, that any of us will even be born if you do this," she warned. "There will be no easy trek back into the future, or into the past for that matter; this is no time-turner. The Butterfly effect means your parents, if they even live, could end up having a baby girl instead of a boy, and that's just one of many changes that could occur." "I don't care, as long as you're with me. We've lost so many. With Voldemort dead, even if different people are born, at least they won't suffer," Harry said hotly, unable to believe this is even a debate. Hermione closed her eyes. "Harry, I can't come with you. Why do you think this technique hasn't been used before? Not only is it dark magic, with chances of completely messing up the time line and leaving a world worse than the one you left behind-" Harry snorted, unable to believe that. "-but it's the darkest of magic. It requires the sacrifice of a soul." Harry gaped. "What? You're not planning on sacrificing yours, are you Hermione?" The bushy haired girl shook her head. "Yours. But I will take mine too, if it will help. If everything goes right, we'll be reborn none the wiser that any of this ever happened, anyway." Harry couldn't believe his ears. "That's insane. How is time travel supposed to help if we're both soulless? We'll be drooling vegetables. We might as well let ourselves be kissed by Dementors." Hermione looked at him grimly. "You wouldn't be soulless. You seem to have forgotten you have two of them, even if one originally was never supposed to have been yours. The spell requires that any soul going into the past must have a counterpart there. Only you, Harry, as a horcrux, can make the journey that far into the past. I have another spell to alter the shard to make the soul fragment more like yours, and carry your memories. But you'll never be whole again. You will suffer, possibly even into the afterlife." "That would make me just like Voldemort." It spoke of his total desperation that he was even considering this instead of throwing it out of hand. He hadn't actually said no. Tears whelmed in her eyes. "Oh, Harry... You could never be him. It's our choices that make us who we are. Not what our bodies are made of." "Or souls?" His lips quirked. "I can't believe we're doing this. The Darkest of Magic. Even Voldemort didn't destroy the souls of his own allies." "But he did use Dementors against his enemies, Harry," she pointed out. He closed his eyes, and considered for a long while. They really had no choice, did they? Things had gone so wrong after the elder wand had decided to accept Voldemort as lord, due to the snake-faced monster (no offense to the resident gorgons, of course) disarming Harry in a duel simply to belittle him, but also because the man was not entirely stupid and was quite capable of noticing when a wand wasn't obeying him. Harry cursed every day the fact he hadn't learned Occulumency properly, and Voldemort had read his mind. On the run, it had been one of the first things he'd rectified, with quite a bit of trial and error. He just wished others hadn't died for his mistakes. With Voldemort having created even more horcruxes that they had no hope of finding, they had no hope of defeating him conventionally any longer. If they did not do something drastic, those sacrifices would be in vain. "Alright, let's do this." " Psyche exorcis," came the spell, a star-flecked, dark shadow patronus leaping from her wand, only a cloak-like creature instead of her normal otter. Where a normal patronus gave happiness and wonder, this one fed off of the worst memories the caster could give it. A newborn Dementor in the making, it slammed into his mouth and burrowed under his skin and through every organ. His eyes turned pitch black. It was the most excruciating pain he had ever experienced, even more than a Crucio. That, at least, had been purely physical. This, however, was mental anguish layered atop every nerve in his body screaming at him in agony, his very soul screaming at him in betrayal. He didn't blame it, really. In moments, Harry blanked out from the pain and shock. . . When he came to again, he felt like something was profoundly missing from him. A cold ache in his body that could never be filled. Something horribly wrong. A quick review of his memories showed, however, that Hermione had been successful at least in keeping those intact. He remembered all too well the horrors of the war. He felt like he would never be happy again. What have I done? A look around confirmed she'd been successful in another way, too. He wasn't on the island anymore. He was sitting in a pile of rubble, next to the broken shell of a Muggle bomb from World War 2. A different person probably would have felt the desire to try and save young Tom Riddle. Felt that it was the moral thing to do, to try and sway someone to the light before they fell completely. Harry had no such compunction. Maybe it was the loss of his soul talking, but he found the concept disgusting. Value one life, which was known to be messed up from the beginning due to being conceived by love potion, and likely to turn to the dark no matter what, over hundreds of innocent children the man had killed? Over his friends and family? And the Muggles were started to catch on. The moment they did, the Wizarding World would be over, and the only one left standing the immortal Voldemort. Perhaps that had been the sick man's plan all along, to be the only special person left in the entire world. To genocide the entire Wizarding Race once they started to bore him. They were, after all, the only true threat to his power. You had to be fucking nuts if you thought he was going to play Saint Potter over that monster! No matter what others may have accused him of, he really was no saint. Harry had almost been sorted into Slytherin, and while, sure, Slytherins could be as nice as anyone else... they had an association with ruthlessness, of not letting anything get in their way of their ambition. And his ambition was to stop that man at all costs. Murder him as a baby, if he had to. Although, it looked as if he had not traveled quite far enough to murder him as a baby, if the war with Grindelwald was raging on then the young man had to be at school already. That could be problematic, but Harry was turning 18 shortly and had learned through trial and fire with death at his heels, more than a match for any schoolboy even if it was Riddle. Hopefully. Riddle had been unusually powerful as a boy, more powerful than many grown wizards, but, Harry had successfully dealt with his adult counterpart several times, and his Dairy self. He could deal with a kiddy version. But first thing was first. To get to the orphanage. Hopefully the new year at Hogwarts hadn't started yet. Thankfully, he was already familiar with the location, and knew exactly where to go. Harry apparated. The scene he saw was not one he was expecting. One of the houses nearby was rubble. It occurred to him, abruptly, that when Tom Riddle had begged to stay at Hogwarts, it hadn't just been a desire to stay at home. It had been a very real fear for his own life. Magicless London was not safe for a young boy, not at all, during this time period. Dumbledore had acted with a prejudice against the young man from day one, not that Harry could blame him when he knew the boy was a thief and an animal butcher. It was just what the monster deserved, really. Briefly, he wondered if that was his lack of soul talking, and if he should be more concerned. He opened the door of the orphanage, not caring who saw him, and scanned for the dark haired youth. The matron spotted him and came briskly over. "Did you just lose your family, young man? Well, we can't afford any more mouths to feed. We're already