This was my entry in the Facebook "Jingle All the Way" Contest. It was my first time ever writing for a contest. While I didn't win, I still thought I did well on it. Hope you like it, too! If so, please review after you read. Thank you :) Story Summary: Isabella, a preschool special education teacher, and Edward, a Broadway composer, are engaged, and ready to spend the holidays together. Isabella convinces Edward to introduce her to his family, even though they haven't spoken in years (his sister, though, is another story). Isabella soon learns the truth behind their estrangement. Standard Disclaimer: I own nothing, except for the plot and original characters. When Edward proposed after only a month and a half of dating, I was floored. I mean, who knows that they are going to get married after knowing each other for only a month? At first, I laughed. When I saw that he was serious, I stopped. "Oh, you're serious." "As a heart attack, love." I smiled, "Well, then, I guess I need to answer you, then, huh?" "My knees would appreciate it." "Yes, Edward. I will marry you, but you have to promise me two things." He rose, put the ring on my finger, and answered, "Of course, love, anything." "First, we have to get married either during Spring Break or summer vacation; I don't want my students to have to endure a substitute. Second, I want to meet your family; you rarely talk about them, but, I know they would be happy to know that their son is getting married." Edward ran his hand through his hair, a sign of stress building within. I was a teacher, a preschool special education teacher, to be exact, and my students thrived on routine. Thus, I was not about to change up that routine, if I had any say. But, the family thing bothered me more than I let on; Edward had casually mentioned the fact that his family wasn't very supportive of his career (a composer for Broadway), but that was all he said. I desperately wanted to meet them; after all, my parents surprised the two of us by walking into my apartment only a week after we met, and we were making out in my kitchen. I knew I should have collected the key from my mother after she helped me redecorate, but I was always so busy with school that I never did. My parents loved Edward, and were incredibly supportive of our relationship, despite Edward being 12 years older than me. When I tried calming Edward down by grabbing his hand, and putting it on my face, he visibly relaxed, at least a little. "Edward, I know talking about your family makes you uncomfortable, but it's the holidays; maybe they'll lighten up a little." "And maybe hell will freeze over." "Hey! We can at least try; I mean, don't you think they'll be happy that you're getting married?" "Well, they didn't seem too thrilled the last time I told them earth-shattering news, but, what the hell? I'll call my sister, and see what we can do." All talk of family was soon forgotten, as Edward pulled me into a passionate kiss. He always knew how to shut me up. But, I was more than willing to let him. The week that followed was hectic; it was the week before Christmas vacation, after all. My students were also so happy for me, even if they didn't fully understand what the word "engaged" meant. On Friday, right as the students were getting ready to leave, I had a knock on my classroom door. All twelve of my students stopped what they were doing, and turned to the door. I walked over, and opened it, when, to my surprise, Edward pulled me into a bear hug. My students smiled, and so did my assistant, Lauren. I pulled away from Edward, and helped my students finish getting ready to go home. As soon as I pulled the zipper on the last child's coat, they started calling for dismissal. Thank goodness I didn't have duty; I'd had morning duty, and thus didn't have to worry about dismissal. When I was sure every child was where they needed to be for dismissal, I walked back into my classroom, and saw Edward sitting on my kidney-shaped table, playing with the magnets I had there. I smiled. "Mr. Cullen, do you miss preschool?" "Well, if you were my teacher, I certainly wouldn't mind returning to school." I giggled, "Okay, Edward; I know you aren't here to reminisce about your preschool days. Why are you here?" "Can't a man surprise his fiancé at work anymore?" "Sure, but it is rather odd for you to come surprise me when we had a date planned for tonight." He sighed, "Of course, love. Well, I finally called up my sister last night." I was now grinning from ear to ear, and not just because I had a two week break from work. "And…" "You and I are flying out tomorrow morning to see her, my parents, and my grandparents in the winter house in Nova Scotia." "How did I not know you were Canadian?" "I'm not; I just have dual citizenship. My father is Canadian; my mother is from Virginia." "How in the world did they meet?" "Honestly, I have no idea; they aren't the type to share everything about themselves." "Well, I guess I have to pack, don't I?" "Do you need to go shopping for some winter clothes?" I laughed, "Yes, I guess I do. Growing up in Phoenix will spoil a girl." Edward offered his arm, and I took it, leaving all my cares and worries behind me. The next day, Nova Scotia I was certainly glad we had gone shopping when I stepped off the plane in Halifax, and discovered it was 17 degrees and snowing outside. Edward laughed when I shivered. "It's not exactly your usual Phoenix Christmas, eh, love?" "Ha-ha, Edward, ha-fucking-ha." "Ms. Swan, such language. Whatever would your students think?" He was being sarcastic, just to mess with me. I gave him the finger in response. My gloves were, unfortunately, in my suitcase. Thankfully, since Halifax's airport wasn't that large, our bags were quickly retrieved, and a rental car was secured. Our road to the house was mostly quiet, with Christmas music softly playing in the background. Even with a composer fiancé, my voice wasn't what I'd consider to be "Broadway-worthy", but Edward disagreed. But, I figured now was not the time to sing, or even talk; Edward seemed stressed the moment we got into the car, and I wasn't sure how to help calm him down. I just put my hand over his free hand, and squeezed, letting him know I was here both with him, and for him. A slight smile went across Edward's face, but it fell almost as soon as it appeared when he began turning down a side road. I read it as we passed; "Hummingbird Lane". That made me feel optimistic about our trip for the first time since Edward had mentioned it. I'd always liked Hummingbirds; they have the smallest amount of feathers of any bird. They also weigh 3 grams (a nickel only weighs 4.5 grams). A hummingbird's egg is about the size of a jelly bean! Finally, a hummingbird has no sense of smell! I told all of these to Edward, who just grunted in response. I knew then that no matter what I said, it wouldn't help his stresses. Before I could ask how much longer, Edward put the car in stop, and I saw a gorgeous house in front of us. It was a large, wooden house, surrounded by trees, and lots of snow. It looked like something out of a dream. It was the picture of Christmas perfection! Edward opening my door shook me out of my fantasies. He already had my bags in his hands, ready to enter, "Time to face the lions." I shook my head; surely his family couldn't be that bad, right? As we entered the house, I expected his family to come running to great us. I mean, Edward had mentioned he hadn't talked to his family (at least his parents and grandparents) in more than fifteen years. But, there was no one running up to great us at the door. We actually had to knock on the door, and ring the doorbell. Edward kissed my cheek, as though his kisses could help whatever lay ahead of us. The door finally opened, and an older woman answered, "Whatever it is, I don't want it. We know who to vote for in the next election; we already give to charity, and we have found Jesus. Go away!" I was in shock; she didn't even recognize Edward. Before she could close the door in our faces, Edward spoke up, "Glannie, don't you recognize me? It's Edward Anthony." Edward Anthony , I thought Edward never mentioned going by his middle name, too. But, before I could dwell on that thought, the older woman screamed. "Edward Anthony?! As I live and breathe, you've come. And, who is this little tart?" She announced while looking me up and down. Now, I have never been called a tart in my life. Sure, I was not a virgin (and hadn't been for a few years), but I was still a respectable woman. What gave her the right to call me a tart? Edward stopped her before she could go any further. "Glannie, this is Isabella; my fiancé. We wanted to come up so she could meet the family before our wedding." 'Glannie' harrumphed, and then scowled, "I guess you can come in. Your mother, father, sister, and Grandfather are in the dining room." Then, under her breath, I heard her mutter, "Not that they'll be happy to see you." I couldn't believe my ears. I hoped I'd heard wrong. When Edward led me into the dining room, you could hear a pin drop. Edward's sister stood up, "Edward! I'm glad you could make it!" Then, turning to me, she introduced herself, "Sorry, I'm Jessica, Edward's younger sister. You must be Isabella. When Edward and I talked, he could not stop talking about you! I'm so happy to finally meet you!" She pulled me in to a hug, which, once I got over my shock, returned. When we pulled apart, I noticed the looks of disdain that followed. Edward introduced us immediately. There were several grunts, then, his mother spoke, "So, Edward Anthony, are you still writing those silly little jingles?" "Silly little jingles, mother? Surely you jest." I spoke out then, eager to support my man, "Mrs. Cullen, Edward is a Tony-award winning composer for Broadway." She cut me off with a wave of her hand, "That's what I said; silly little jingles. If Edward Anthony had simply followed in his father's footsteps, and become a doctor, then maybe he'd be more successful. And, maybe, he'd have a wife by now, instead of some simple girl, who, what is it that you do, Isabella?" I was suddenly ashamed to admit what I did for a living, but I still spoke with confidence I had stored somewhere, "I'm a special education teacher, Mrs. Cullen." "Ah, yes. Well, like I said, if Edward Anthony was a doctor, his wife wouldn't be a teacher; she'd be a trophy wife, like I am." I was suddenly sick to my stomach. No wonder Edward didn't speak about his family. Edward, who had been holding my hand, suddenly squeezed it tightly. I tried to squeeze it back, but was unable to do so. His grip was that tight. "Mother, Isabella is the best teacher in the world, and if you can't accept that, you can't accept us. If you can't accept us, then we will be leaving as soon as we can." "Edward Anthony, I only want what's best for you. You are ruining