REFUSAL There was certainly hell to pay for our latest adventure that brought both Bella and I, along with Alice, to Italy. My parents for all intensive purposes, Carlisle and Esme, were considerably angry about the actions I took, which led them to constantly watching me with concern set deep in their eyes. Exposed to hours of dialogue both out loud and in their thoughts about the actions I had taken. Concern –with my reaction to leaving Bella –filled their thoughts; a situation such as this had never developed before. Feeling less than honorable with myself, having caused them such anxiety and pain, earning their respect back was at the top of my list. Emmett was angry with me, too. Disappointed with my lack of trust in him, I attempted to explain that I wasn't able talk to anyone, it wouldn't have helped, but he couldn't understand. It would take me awhile to earn back his trust again. Jasper on the other hand was upset with me for making Alice react the way she had. She felt responsible for my actions in Italy and was left with the need to save me. Really it wasn't her fault, and I would never blame her, but that wouldn't have stopped her from trying to rescue me. Everyone was upset with me, except Rosalie, she attempted everything to earn my forgiveness. Already forgiving her, I thought she should sweat it out a little longer before I actually told her that. She deserved to suffer a little while longer. Explaining things to my family brought them more understanding. Comprehending why I took the actions I had, they wanted to be certain nothing close to that happened again. Agreeing, I would appease them for now. If Bella got her way, I would never have to think about that again. That was not my desire as I was still attempting to keep her human. Charlie on the other hand, was extremely angry that I took Bella away from him, yet again. We were gone for three days with no explanation and he had no way of knowing if she was okay. Realizing it would be a long time before anyone would trust me again, I was on my best behavior. Charlie put strict restrictions on Bella limiting my access to her. She was grounded until further notice and my visitation hours were from 7 to 9:30, which left me a lot of time in between. Time spent gathering application forms for college, off to a late start, with some influences that Carlisle had, and my other persuasions, there were still some schools that would make exceptions. With no doubts, we would be headed to college come fall, even with any arrangements Bella made with my family. College became another priority in my eyes, and I would stop at nothing to get us there. Remembering the family meeting we had –after arriving back from Italy –made me extremely angry. Carlisle had agreed to change Bella's human status and that was something I refused to allow. My family going against my wishes –was a day I thought I'd never had to concern myself with –and then they had leaving no resolution to the subject, at that time. Uncertainty swelled within me knowing what Carlisle had done, agreeing to change Bella after graduation, leaving me with time on my hands. Time to change her mind, time to make her see that she was making the biggest mistake of her life, and time to come up with plan B, in case my other plans didn't work. My first plan came to me upon returning to Bella's house that fateful night my family voted on her mortality. To my shock and dismay they voted against me, allowing Bella to join our family. The worse blow came from Carlisle himself, as he looked me straight in the eye and told me he had no other choice. There was another choice and that choice was to leave well enough alone. Understanding Carlisle's decision was difficult for me since he had only changed people that had no other choice. Always believing that it was his conscience, apparently I was wrong. Hearing him agree with Bella was excruciating leaving my feelings on the subject mixed. I knew only one thing for certain, I was angry, which carried with it tension and resentment in my household. After that horrifying night Carlisle had attempted to explain his position. "Edward, please try and see my position here. You are not willing to change her and you plan on remaining with her. You can't have it both ways. You know that," Carlisle pleaded. "Why not? Why can't it be both ways?" I said with chagrin. "Edward, come on. You know the rules. You know they'll never allow it," Carlisle explained. "By the time they come to check on her, we'll be gone. I can protect her Carlisle. I will protect her," I answered. "I know you think you can protect her Edward, but you can't. Not from them. You know what they can do; you know you can't hide her forever. They'll find you and I don't even want to think what would happen then. You can't ask this of me. You can't ask us to watch over our shoulders for the next seventy years… you can't ask that of Bella," Carlisle begged. "I know what you're saying. I heard you, now hear me… I will do everything in my power to make certain this does not happen… I will change her mind," I said angrily. That was our last conversation on the subject. Carlisle's thoughts were always compassionate and this was no exception. He hoped I would be able to work something out, something better than ending Bella's life. He wished he saw another way, but he couldn't and that bothered him immensely. Knowing Carlisle would consider this a last resort I couldn't remain angry with him for long, he was thinking about what was best for Bella, and I was unable to hold that against him. His worry was that the Volturi would come looking for us, and then what would happen? The Volturi didn't concern me –Bella remaining human concerned me more. The only one who agreed with me was Rosalie, but we did not share the same reasoning. She saw Bella giving up too many opportunities that she wished she could have. Not being fond of her own outcome, Rosalie would have chosen death over what she had become. Rose always wanted children and thought Bella would feel the same if she were to give up her human status. This wouldn't be Rosalie's choice if she were given one. Everyone else in my family was ready to accept Bella with open arms. They all loved her as I did, and wanted her to be one of us. My happy existence with her weighed against the misery I suffered without her influenced their belief that this was the best way for us. Knowing she was just as miserable without me fortified for them that we should remain together forever. That left only one-way possible in their minds –since I couldn't join her –she would join us. Alice just had to let her opinion be known. "Edward, stop worrying, everything will work out," Alice said. "Alice, stop it. I don't want to hear it. She's staying human," I returned with chagrin. "Whatever you say." Her mocking tone made me angry, but I didn't speak of this again with her. She avoided this topic whenever we spoke. There remained only one conversation left to have about Bella's transformation among my family and that was Emmett. "Edward, why don't you think about what you would be gaining instead of what you think she would be losing? Do you really hate what you are that much?" Emmett asked. "Emmett, can't you see my side at all?" I asked. "Sure, but I've never seen you so happy and I know you can't live without her. It's apparent she can't live without you. So what's the comprise? What do you plan to do? You can't become human, so it only makes sense she would become a vampire," Emmett answered. "I can't do that, Emmett. I can't take a chance on her soul. I won't," I said. "Well, I don't know how you think this will work, or what you think you can do to stop it. She seems determined." "I'm more determined and that's not going to happen," I said frustrated. That ended that conversation and was never brought up again. After saying my peace to my family about Bella becoming a vampire –wasting my breath as it was –I decided to refocus my energy on the things I could change. Putting all of my efforts into our college status became my obsession. Gathering application forms and checking dead lines became a daily event for me. We would go to college, together, and she would have a wonderful, human college experience. My priority list was suddenly becoming immense. Priority one now became getting into college, while priority two became keeping Bella from Jacob. Her friendship with Jacob grew to a heightened extend during my time away. While I was thankful that he was able to protect Bella while I was away, allowing this friendship to continue was intolerable. It was far too dangerous for her. Being a werewolf –and a new werewolf at that –he was dangerous. New werewolves are unable to control their tempers leaving anyone around them at risk. Envisioning Bella being near Jacob when he lost control was too hard. Putting her at risk that way was unacceptable –leaving the only solution –for her not to see him anymore. So far, that was not a problem, as the vampires and werewolves were mortal enemies. Bella had made her choose leaving Jacob angry and refusing to talk to her. She had not heard one word from him since having our meeting with him in the forest. Their friendship was already strained, so perhaps, it would be easy to keep her away from him. She was upset that he was ignoring her and maybe she was ready to give up on him. Not wanting to make this an issue in our relationship, I was not planning to forbid her to see him, but I would if forced to. Her safety was my first priority and once again was my job, if that meant refusing to allow her to see him then that's what I would do. My last job on my list of priorities became getting back into Charlie's good graces –not that I was ever his favorite person. I was determined to have him accept me as he once had, before the Italy trip. Since returning his thoughts were extremely angry when focused on me. I could hardly blame him, for I had caused so much trouble for his daughter since meeting her. Her safety both emotionally and physically, was his first priority and he couldn't comprehend that his goals were the same as mine. Together we felt the same way when it came to Bella and there was nothing we wouldn't do to protect her. So, for now, I would abide by his rules only seeing her during his visitation hours of 7-9:30. Of course, I still spent every night with her, but he had no idea of that and I often felt like a heel being there without his permission. Knowing I couldn't remain away from her that long, that surpassed everything else. Life, pretty much, went back to normal with Alice and I resuming our roles at the high school. Carlisle went back to the hospital as they accepted him back with open arms. Charlie couldn't do anything about Bella and I seeing each other at school where I resumed all my classes with her. He attempted to change her classes, but was unsuccessful. Bella had no idea of that and I refused to tell her. Charlie's