Hello everyone; this is my first time coming back to the world of Fanfiction in a few years. I've been really enjoying writing this story and if you enjoy it too I would love to know! If anyone is interested in being a beta for this piece let me know- it's going to be a long one. As always, I do not own the lovely characters of stories of Harry Potter, I only tinker with them at my own will. JK Rowling owns full rights to the Harry Potter Franchise. May 2nd, 1999 "Oh, Harry," Hermione sighed in exasperation as she looked at her best friend. "Couldn't you have dressed up just a little bit?" She shot a wild-eyed look at Luna Lovegood. Luna simply smiled dreamily at Hermione, grasping Harry's hand even tighter than before. Unlike the Boy Who Lived, Hermione and Luna were wearing formal wear in preparation for the night's events. Hermione was wearing a periwinkle dress that was highly reminiscent of her Yule Ball gown from what felt like a lifetime ago whilst Luna wore a soft yellow dress adorned with shells she presumably had found throughout her life. "Harry, I specifically sent you the dress-wear I requested for tonight. I've spent so long planning for this. Please ,' she begged as she looked the wizard up and down. Harry Potter had decided the appropriate wear for the grand re-opening of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry was Muggle jean shorts with an obnoxiously bright floral shirt. "But this is fun, Hermione. I don't want to be miserable tonight. This is the first time I'm stepping foot in Hogwarts since that day. If I'm in a suit it's just going to feel like I'm at a funeral. And we've been to a lifetime's worth of those," He looked at her pointedly and he sounded quite serious. More serious than Hermione had heard him in a while, as Harry had been repressing a lot of the past year by joking around. Hermione sighed in exasperation as she looked at his ridiculous outfit once more. It was the kind of sigh that let Harry knew he won this fight. "Well you'll look completely out of pl-" Hermione was interrupted by Ron entering Grimmauld Place—the home Harry had been renovating and residing in since the battle. "Not you too!" Hermione cried as she realized that Ron Weasley was wearing a nearly identical outfit to Harry's. Luna began giggling at this point. "Sorry, 'Mione," the readhead began sheepishly, "but Harry had a point. Tonight we celebrate—not mourn." "I didn't know you two were incapable of celebrating in a suit," Hermione grumbled under her breath. "Don't let our attire fool you, Hermione. We are still beyond proud of all the work you've done this year that's led to tonight," Harry said, laughing, but with sincerity laced in there. Hermione scoffed but ushered them to the floo so they could head out. Luna grabbed Harry's hand tight, and Hermione smiled at them. Without Luna, Hermione's not sure how Harry would have survived this past year. Harry had fallen into a bout of isolation that nobody was able to crack through. Ginny had tried but eventually realized that the love she had held for the boy just wasn't going to fix him, and moved on. Hermione never did find out how Luna broke through the wall the young man had built up around himself, but she was certainly glad she had. Hermione had missed her best friend and was glad to have him back even if he was more eccentric than he had ever been before. "Are you ready, Harry?" Hermione asked, her anxiety beginning to take over. Hermione, Ron, and Luna had all been back to Hogwarts since the battle. Hermione actually led the reparation team alongside Minerva. Most of the friends Hermione had made throughout her time at Hogwarts had helped in the rebuilding process, but Harry couldn't do it. He said he wasn't ready. Hermione had tried to beg Luna to convince Harry, but as most people know, begging Luna Lovegood to do something doesn't usually end successfully. "I'm not sure," he said with a shrug, answering her, before throwing the floo powder to the ground and shouting, "Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry!" The four arrived in the Headmistress' office and Minerva McGonagall gave them a moment to gather their bearings before rushing up to Harry in a moment of unabashed adoration for the young man. Harry's glasses nearly fell off with the surprising force in which the older woman embraced him. "Welcome back, Harry," she said, before straightening herself back up into headmistress mode. She shot a look at Hermione with a question in her eyes over what in merlin's beard the two men were wearing. Hermione simply shook her head. "Harry," a voice softly called from the other side of the room. "Albus," Harry responded, emotion locked in his throat. "Miss. Granger has worked so hard for tonight. It is delightful you've come with to support her," he said with a twinkle in his eye. Harry nodded and looked away, unprepared to be caught up in so many memories so quickly. Hermione had prepared for this and clapped her hands together to draw attention away from the portrait on the wall. She smirked at the obviously pretend state of sleep Severus was in in his own portrait. "As professor Dumbledore said, I have put a lot of work in this year along with many others and would love for you to see the castle," Hermione said as the group began to leave the headmistress' room. "Hogwarts is finally ready to open it's doors back open. I've arranged some time for you three to see some of the changes before the rest of the lot comes along." "Hermione, I think I would really love to have a conversation with Helena," Luna said informed Hermione, "as she used to be one of my closest friends during my time here—before meeting you all, of course." She pecked Harry on the cheek and skipped away to go find The Grey Lady. Hermione glanced at her friend and noticed the way he shoved his hands straight into his pocket as soon his emotional crutch was out of sight, an old nervous habit he still hadn't grown out of. Despite the departure of Luna, Hermione was inwardly happy that she would have some alone time with her two dearest friends. The three of them hadn't been alone in quite some time, especially since Ron and Hermione's amicable end. Much of Hogwarts had been destroyed in the battle that took place one year ago, but anyone who came to the castle tonight would find it hard to recall the shambles the school had been left in as the castle looked better than it had before the final battle even took place. The Golden Trio was quiet on their walk down to the Quidditch Pitch. With the destruction of the field by Death Eaters, Ron, in one of his moments of brilliance, had proposed that they completely renovate it. All three members of the trio had received more money from the ministry than they knew what to do with after the war and both Ron and Harry had thrown some money Hermione's way for the new stadium's construction. "And this is Potter-Black field," Hermione informed her friends as they approached the new Quidditch Pitch- her hands wringing with nervousness. She hoped she had gotten this right. Harry eyes widened in shock and then looked happier than she had seen him in too long of a time. He ran up to the large golden sign that graced the entrance to the field and read out loud: Potter-Black Field This field stands in memorial of James Ignotus Potter and Sirius Orion Black Who each embodied the best qualities a Quidditch Player should hold- Bravery, Comraderie, and Souls that Sought Fun through even the Darkest Times. As Harry finished reading it he sprinted at Hermione and nearly suffocated her in a hug. Within his arms she gasped out "and we bought the best equipment we could as well as a set of Nimbus 3001's for students on any team that come from families who don't have the funds for a nicer broom." Ron joined the embrace at this point, slowly suffocating their friend. "You're bloody amazing, Hermione Granger, you know that?" Hermione tried wiggling her way out of the embrace but found no luck and was stuck in there for what felt like an eternity. Finally she squeaked out how they needed to make it to the Great Hall, as the guests would be arriving. They let her go so they could actually look at the field quickly. A match amongst friends was planned by the time they sauntered back to Hermione, awaiting the return to the castle. Hermione was thrilled to see Harry look so genuinely happy in that moment but began to worry about how he was going to handle being in the spotlight in just a few minutes. "Your lip is going to burst open one of these days if you keep gnawing on it like that," Harry told his friend, as he wrapped an arm around her shoulder. "I'll be okay Hermione—Now that I'm dating the editor of Britain's favorite newspaper-" Hermione rolled her eyes, "the pap's aren't so scary." "'Mione, you reckon we should keep these buttoned up all the way or go down a few?" Ron asked, playing with the buttons of his outrageous shirt. For the first time that night Hermione finally burst out with laughter. "You arseholes!" she yelled at them. It was as if the years of trauma the three young adults had endured were wiped away in that moment. Hermione Granger, Ron Weasley, and Harry Potter were able to joke around without a care in the world. They were still laughing as they made their way back to the castle to meet the guests for the night's ceremonies. "I am proud to announce that Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry is fit to open it's doors to eager young witches and wizards once more. It has been a long year. One of hardship and mourning on top of moments of beauty and rebuilding," Kingsley Shacklebot's deep and booming rumbled in the Great Hall."We are all able to stand in this beautiful castle once more thanks to the help of every individual who put time, money, and magic into the rebuilding effort, lead by the brilliant Hermione Granger of the Department of Magical Education. She has poured everything she has into this project and the ministry is incredibly lucky to have her in our ranks." Hermione blushed bright red as the room began to clap for her, but sat up a little taller. From the time she was a young child, Hermione loved nothing more than praise by those she respected and that wouldn't change just because she was a war hero. "We are not here tonight to weep over those we lost last year. There has been enough of that. Tonight we celebrate the freedom we have gained through the death of Tom Riddle, a sick man who was nothing more than that," Kingsley clapped his hands and a glass appeared in front of every person in attendance. "To new beginnings, to those we lost, and for those we still have," his eyes shot kindly to the trio as he took a sip. Everyone followed suit and Hermione was stunned to see Harry down the entire goblet of alcohol in one go. He set it down and watched it refill and downed it once more. Hermione sighed but let Harry do what he wanted—this would be Luna's problem. As the night progressed, Hermione was caught in many conversations from friends, politicians and journalists. Mrs. Weasley wept in the young girls arms thanking her for the portrait of Fred Weasley that now hung in the memorial courtyard walkway. Hermione