A/N-Hey guys! Welcome to the final book in the Child of time series. If you want to get caught up to speed, make sure to visit my profile, go to my stories and read the other four fics in the series. Are you back yet? Great! For everyone else, I'm Alex, aka-Percyjacksonfan16 and I write super long chapters. Get used to it. Reminder this fic is in dual pov, (Percy and Thalia) and for your sake, I will do my best to keep it in that same person all chapter unless necessary. I used to switch povs like 3 times in one chapter and I know how confusing that can be. Without further ado, enjoy the first chapter of Destined! Percy A walk in the woods has always helped me relax and release tension. The fact that I'm dragging two bodies behind me should be irrelevant. For February, it was a relatively nice night. The dense tree line provided just the right amount of darkness yet allowed the iridescent moonlight to shine through. I felt calm...and sticky. I looked down at my shirt that was clinging onto to me, noticing that the dried blood had created a sticky film. "Thanks alot, Mom." I mumbled, looking to my right. I gripped her cold wrist and shook my head. Even in death, she still looked shocked. I mean, what did she expect? She gave birth to a monster and I was only fulfilling my designated role. She should've been more appreciative, unlike many people, she got her happy ending. I helped her delve into the Labyrinth to find her long lost love, Paul Blofis. For sixteen years, I searched for her and yet, I wasn't enough. She got to die next to the love her life and that's more than most people get. Sighing, I continued to drag the two corpses through the woods until I reached the cemetery. The cemetery is arguably the best place to dump bodies-no one's going to think to look for a dead body in a place where there are only dead bodies. Finding an empty dug out hole, I set the bodies down. "Beautiful night, isn't it, Paul?" I pulled out an opened package of peanuts. Killing always made me hungry. "See that constellation over there? About five yards away from the moon?" Paul, half dead but still somewhat sentient, provided a weak nod. That guy was persistent, I'd give him that. "That's my friend-Zoe. She's dead now." I said casually. Just mentioning her name was something I used to have a hard time with but overtime, I'd come to accept her death. She'd probably be disappointing in the person I'd become today. She was a hunter of Artemis and she swore off all men, claiming that they were all no good. As she was dying, she admitted that I was one of the few good men left. Clearly, she was wrong. "I didn't kill her, if that's what you're wondering. Her father did that." I added. "Sometimes, parents suck. Am I right?" Another weak nod, his chest barely rising. I chuckled, throwing a few peanuts at him before shoving the package back in my pocket. "Well, this is the end of the road for you, Sally." I bent down and snatched up her scarf. It smelled like her-fresh and crisp, like laundry detergent. I reared back my right leg and kicked the body into the empty grave. Her body landed with a sickening crunch then I turned to face Paul. He opened his mouth to scream, but nothing came out. "Don't worry, she won't be alone. You're next." The fear in his eyes was apparent as I knelt down. I balled up the scarf before winking at the mortal. "Tell my uncle I said ciao when you get to the Underworld, kay?" The man started to panic and I almost sighed. Anyone with a brain knew that panicking while smothered wasn't a good idea. Nonetheless, I shoved the scarf in his mouth and pinched his nose to restrict airflow. His body started jolting feverishly, hips bucking wildly as he clawed at my hands. "Asphyxiation is quite actually a merciful death," I told him, watching as he thrashed blindly underneath me. "If there is no struggle, it only takes two minutes, tops. But most victims panic which is the first mistake. During panic, the body requires more oxygen. The victim will begin to hyperventilate, which is detrimental to their survival. Without available oxygen and a constant expelling of breath, CO2 begins to quickly build up within the bloodstream. This leads to carbon dioxide poisoning which leads to-" Paul jerked once more before his eyes glazed over. "death." I glanced at my watch and scoffed. The guy had barely lasted two minutes. I dumped his lifeless body into the shallow grave with Sally, wondering how the hell this guy had survived stab wounds. Chuckling, I picked up an abandoned spade and began shoveling dirt onto the bodies. Though I had killed them mere hours ago, it felt like days... Dodging as many cameras as humanly possible, I made my way to the underground parking lot of Mount Tam-aka: the titan's headquarters. It'd been three days since I'd been with my half father and titan, Kronos, and I needed to get away. We need to destroy the Olympians and take over the world this and that. It was all very annoying. And yes, I did say half father. I was a walking freak of nature even in a world full of gods, titans, and their children-demigods. One fateful night, my mother and the god of the sea hooked up and Kronos, the titan of time, had been searching for a powerful halfblood that would be able to inherit his time powers and become the host he needed once he rose from hell (literally.) During Poseidon and Sally's intimate night together, he possessed the sea god but there was a bit of a power struggle that resulted in constant shifts between Poseidon and Kronos. Nine months later, a child that was mortal, half god, and half titan was born. Miraculous, I know. And before you say that's impossible, the author would like to remind you that this fiction so deal with it. Shortly after my birth, Kronos tried to abduct me but my mother hid me. She, however, was captured by Kronos and taken to Tartarus. Kronos had little strength because he didn't have a host so for years, he kept her in Tartarus knowing that once I discovered my true identity, I would come to find her and he would use me as his host. He was right. Partially. When I was fourteen, I became an assassin and my line of work helped me find out more information about the world of so-called Greek "myths." I made a deal with a few devils-also known as the Olympians who are, by the way, very real and as petty as the myths make them out to be-to be their ally in the upcoming war against the titans. There was this Great prophecy about a child of the Big Three-Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades- that could save or destroy Olympus. The Olympians didn't know my godly parent and many of them originally thought I was just an average demigod, but accepted my alliance and allowed me to stay at their camp for their children, Camp Half Blood. After my godly and titan parentage was revealed, I was sent on a quest with two of my best friends, Grover Underwood and Annabeth Chase. We found some sacred items and returned them to their respective owners. I found out that my mom was being held captive in Tartarus and that the titan of time planned to use me as a host. Without a body, Kronos wrecked havoc on everyone through his little minion Luke, a son of Hermes and former camper, for years until recently. After my first quest, I had planned to retreat to my home, think of a way to rescue my mom without being caught in Kronos' clutches, and wait until the actual war started to help the Olympians. As the fates would have it, that didn't happen. I was thrown into another quest because Luke decided to poison a magical tree and Grover had gone MIA. Once again, Annabeth and I, along with my new found cyclops baby brother, Tyson, and ugly daughter of Ares, Clarisse, managed to rescue Grover and get the cure for the magical tree that would become my future girlfriend. I didn't think a tree could change my life but she sure did. Thalia, the magical tree now normal girl, was a daughter of Zeus and when I first met her, I wanted to kill her. See, she wasn't always a tree. As mentioned before, children of the Big Three were in constant danger because both sides wanted us. The titan wanted to use us to destroy Olympus and the Olympians wanted us to preserve Olympus. But only the oldest child of the Big Three would make that decision and unfortunately for Thalia, she was the oldest. At twelve years old, she ran away with Luke and a young Annabeth, in search for camp Half blood. Grover was tasked with bringing Thalia to camp safely but things went wrong and Thalia took one final stand at the top of half blood hill, facing her death with countless monsters about to kill her. But that didn't happen because her father, Zeus, took pity on her and turned her into a tree whose spirit protected the camp from monsters. After the tree was cured from Luke's poison, she was revived which put a snag in my plans. Now I was no longer the eldest child, she was. And she was nowhere near prepared to face Kronos. Her powers were wrecked which left her with no option but to ask me for help. My sea powers had practically disappeared after I had gotten into it with Poseidon a few months prior but I managed to get them back so I could help her. But while I agreed, I certainly didn't make it easier for her. I was jealous and wary of her. Jealous because other than the fact that she was the child of prophecy, she had no reason to fight Kronos. I had every reason to-he had taken my mother, he sent Luke to kill me with bugs, and he wanted to posses me. Wary because naturally, she and Annabeth had rekindled their friendship and Annabeth was one of the few people I actually gave a damn about. I knew that Thalia would attract monsters and I didn't want Annabeth in the middle of that. So I did my best to help and repel Thalia at the same time. It was quite fun, actually. She would get so flustered and I may have made it my mission to make her blush at every chance. The heat rose to her face and there was this spark in her eyes that shifted them from an electric blue to icy blue. That being said, she wasn't at all intimated by me. She never backed down from one of our many arguments, throwing rapid sarcasm right back at me. She didn't hate or fear me because I was half titan, she just hated me in general. That confused me the most about her and jealous or not, I was up to the challenge. Thalia, Annabeth and her boyfriend, Lee, and I joined Grover to recruit two powerful halfbloods to camp. We were undercover for three months, posing as students at the halfblood's boarding school, waiting until it was safe to take them to camp. It was then that I found out that my life was linked to Thalia's. If she died, I died and vice versa. The fates had done this to ensure that Thalia would live until the age of the prophecy, thinking that our immense power and skills would ensure