A/N-Hey guys! I'm Percyjacksonfan16 and welcome to the Child of Time: Chosen. This is the fourth fic in a series so if you want to actually understand what's going on, I highly suggest you read the last three fics. For you story vets out there, I tried to fill you in on the major points of the last fic in this chapter so you're somewhat caught up. Warning: Sally and Annabeth are EXTREMELY OOC right now. In due time, they will revert back to their original character. Disclaimer for this story is on my profile and that's all! Happy Reading! I wasn't sure what woke me . The howling wind form the first hardcore blizzard of the year had calmed last night and my cabin was quiet. Peaceful. I rolled onto my side and blinked. Eyes the color of a dark sky stared into mine. Eyes somewhat familiar but lackluster compared to the ones I loved. Sally. Clenching the blanket to my chest, I sat up slowly and pushed the tangled hair out of my face. Maybe I was still asleep, because I really had no idea why Sally, the mother of the boy I was madly, deeply, and quite possibly insanely in love with was perched on the edge of my bed. "Um, is...is everything okay?" I cleared my throat, but the words came out raspy, like I was trying to sound sexy and, in my opinion, failing miserably. Sally lowered her gaze. Thick, sooty lashes fanned the tips of high, angular cheeks that were paler than they should be. If I'd learned anything. Sally was damaged goods. I glanced at the clock. It was close to six in the morning. "How did you get in here?" "I let myself in." She responded. Her responses were always like that-brief, disembodied sentences. "You should lock your door." With anyone else, that would've creeped the hell out of me, but I wasn't afraid of Sally. "I've never really thought to. You know, there's a magical border that keeps monsters out so I figured I was safe. Have you slept?" She nodded. "I couldn't sleep. I haven't slept." "At all?" "No. Percy is affected by it." She just stared at me, as if willing me to understand what she couldn't put into words. Percy-hell, everyone at camp - -was coiled tight, waiting for his evil titan father, Kronos or at least Kronos' minon and my ex-friend, Luke to show up as the days ticked by since Sally escaped his evil clutches. She didn't 'escape' per say. She told us that Luke visited her in Tartarus and said that Kronos was letting her go. No strings attached. They blindfolded her, took her to Montauk beach, and she made her way to Camp Half-Blood. That was it. But it shouldn't have been that easy-Kronos had to have a reason behind that. I wasn't the only trying figure Kronos' latest play either, his son was desperately trying to come up with a theory. At the same time, Percy was trying to be there for his mom but he was wary. And though evil storm troopers and monsters hadn't busted into the camp yet, none of us were relaxed. Everything was too easy, which usually didn't bode well. Sometimes...sometimes I felt like a trap had been set, and we'd galloped right into it. "What have you been doing?" I asked. "Walking," she said, glancing out the window. "I never thought I'd be back here. Not here, as in camp. I mean, the outside world." The stuff that Sally had been through was too horrific to even think about. She barely spoke about her sixteen years in Tartarus but she didn't need to. A deep ache filled my chest. For her and her son. But Sally... she needed someone. "Do you want to talk about it?" She shook his head again, strands of brown hair partially obscuring her eyes. Sally and Percy had similar-even identical features, but right now, they looked nothing alike, and it was more than the hair. "You remind me of him-Paul." I had no idea what to say to that. During her time in Tartarus, she encountered another mortal-Paul Blofish. Well, I should rephrase that-Sally wasn't in Tartarus the entire time. Occasionally, she was taken elsewhere-somewhere similar to a maze, she said. Paul was in that maze, at Kronos' will. He was a doctor and Kronos needed him to heal Luke who had been badly injured whilst undergoing a series of tests in order to host the titan lord's body. Paul wasn't clear sighted like Sally so he didn't see monsters in their true nature. After Luke was healed, Kronos left Paul in that maze to rot. Sally was taken back to Tartarus several times but when she was brought to the maze, she found Paul and somehow, they found hope within each other. That was about two years ago. For two years, they clung to each other and to that same hope. Hope that they would both escape that living hell. But that didn't happen-Sally was freed and she had no idea whether Paul was still alive. A shiver ran down my spine. If she loved him half as much as I loved Percy... "I'm sure he's alive, he has to be." Sally's gaze met mine. A wealth of sadness and secrets were held in its depths. "I know, he's strong." She paused, lowering her head. "You...love my son?" My chest hurt at the desolation in her voice, as if she never expected to love again if Paul was truly dead, couldn't really even believe in it anymore. "Yes." "I'm sorry." I jerked back, losing my grip on the blanket as it fell lower. "Why would you apologize?" Sally lifted her head, letting out a weary sigh. Her eyes seemed to be lost in that past. "Paul used to have these marks-like wire cuts-when I saw him," Sally said quietly, her voice barely a whisper. "The monsters in that maze always seemed find him." Nausea rose, and I swallowed. "He couldn't see them, not without me at least, so every time I wasn't there..." Sally trembled. "Things were better when I was with him. The monsters were ordered not to hurt me so he was safe. For a some time, at least." I gasped, my heart racing. Although her hands were shaking, her voice was steady. Sally was morose and distant. Besides talking to her son, from what I knew, she hadn't said a word to anyone else about Tartarus. Chiron, my mentor and camp director, thought it was best no one pushed for more. Sally glanced down at her hands. "Percy... He loves you, too?" I blinked, brought back to the present. "Yes. I think so." "He told you?" Not in so many words. "He hasn't said it, said it. But I think he does." "He should tell you. Every day." Sally tipped back her head and her closed eyes. "I haven't seen the snow in so long," she said, almost wistfully. "I haven't seen it snow like this ever," I said, looking out the window. I had been a tree for six years so I hadn't seen too many seasons, and I'd gotten a couple of freak ice storms before but never the white, fluffy stuff. A small, sad smile appeared on her lips. "When the sun comes up, it'll be beautiful. You'll see." No doubt. Everything would be encased in white. Sally stood up and quietly made her way to the door. A second later I felt warmth tingle along my neck and my heart rate pick up. She looked away. "My son is coming." No more than ten seconds later, Percy was standing in the doorway of my cabin. Hair messy from sleep, flannel pajama bottoms rumpled. No shirt. Three feet of snow outside, and he was still half naked. I almost rolled my eyes, but that would've required I take my eyes off his chest...and his stomach. he really needed to wear shirts more often. Percy's gaze slipped from his mother to me and then back to his mother. "Are we having a slumber party? And I'm not invited?" His mother drifted past him silently and disappeared into the night. "Okay." Percy sighed. "That's been my life for the last couple of days." My heart ached for him. "I'm sorry." He sauntered over to the bed, his head cocked to the side. "Do I even want to know why my mother was in your cabin?" "She couldn't sleep." I watched him bend down and tug the covers. Without realizing it, I'd grabbed them again. Percy pulled once more, and I easily let them go. "She said it was bothering you." Percy slipped under the covers. easing onto his side and facing me. "I've been sleeping in the Big house with her. She gets...nightmares. Sometimes, I don't notice when she's gone." The bed was way too small with him in it. Five months ago I would've run laughing into the hills if someone said the hottest, moodiest boy in history would be in my bed. But a lot had changed. "I know," I said, settling on my side so that we were face-to-face. My gaze flickered over his broad cheekbones, full lip, and those extraordinarily bright gold eyes. Percy was beautiful but prickly, like a Christmas cactus. It had taken a lot for us to get to this point, being in the same room with each other and not overcome by the urge to commit first-degree murder. Percy had to prove his feelings for me were real and he did finally. He hadn't been the nicest person when we first met, and he had to really make up for that. Momma didn't raise a pushover. "She said I remind her of Paul." "She seems to talk you about a lot of things." He looked down at his hands as if they were going to give him answer. "She doesn't talk to me as much." "Percy, it's not like that..." I started but he chuckled and waved a hand in the air, a smug grin was plastered on his face. "Honestly, as much as I love my mom, I'm not sure how I feel about her hanging out in your cabin. I want you all to myself." He reached out with a muscular arm and used his fingers to brush a few strands of hair off my cheek, tucking them behind my ear. I shivered, and he smiled. "I feel like I need to mark my territory." "Shut up." "Oh, I love it when you get all bossy-pants. It's sexy." "You're incorrigible." I closed my eyes. A moment of silence passed before I opened my eyes, finding Percy hadn't taken his off me. "About Sally…" "I don't know what to do." he admitted, trailing the back of his knuckles down my throat, over the swell of my chest. My breath caught. "She barely talks to me. Most of the time, she stays in the Big House or out wandering in the woods. I follow her, and she knows." Percy's hand found its way to my hip and stayed. "She needs time, right?" I kissed the tip of his nose and pulled back. "She's been through a lot, Percy." His fingers tightened. "I know. Anyway…" Percy shifted so fast I didn't realize what he was doing until he'd rolled me onto my back and hovered above me, hands braced on either side of my face. "I've been remiss in my duties. And just like that, everything that was going on, all our worries, fears, and unanswered questions, simply faded into nothing. Percy had that kind of effect. I stared up at him, finding it hard to breathe. I wasn't 100 percent on what his "duties" were, but I had a very vivid imagination. "I haven't spent a lot of time with you." He pressed his lips against my right temple and then my left. "But that doesn't mean I haven't