Title: Solstice Author: Surreysmum Pairing: Legolas/Aragorn Rating: M Disclaimer: The Lord of the Rings was created by J.R.R. Tolkien, and the rights to it belong to his designates. This piece of fan fiction was created for fun, and no money is being made from it. A/N: This story is set in the period just before the Fellowship set out on its journey; in the original book, that departure took place near the end of December. Solstice "Walk with me a little, Aragorn?" Aragorn looked up from his perusal of Bilbo's latest poem in surprise. Though he had long known the fair Elf of Mirkwood by reputation and by sight, they were but little acquainted. The lengthy scouting missions upon which they had been separately embarked since Elrond's Council had left them scant time in which to improve that acquaintance, though Aragorn had become rather intrigued by the occasional flare of emotion he detected beneath Legolas' smooth, cool demeanour. Such notions were of minor consequence, though, compared with the dire threat of the Shadow, and Aragorn's anxiety to get their perilous journey underway. Winter was coming on fast, and still they lingered at Rivendell, shoring up the fragile health of their small Ring-Bearer as best they could. Aragorn looked over to Bilbo, half-asleep in his favourite spot before the fire. "Go on, go on," muttered the crotchety old Hobbit. "You youngsters need your exercise and fresh air." There was the trace of an indulgent smile on the Elf's face at that, Aragorn saw. The Ranger handed the paper back to Bilbo. "It's much improved," he said, "really very good indeed. Only you might want to reconsider the adjective in stanza seventeen, considering it's Lord Elrond's father you're singing about." He rose as he spoke, and Bilbo chuckled and patted his arm. "You're a good lad, Strider, to spend your time humouring an old Hobbit," he said. "Not all wisdom descends from the Eldar, nor all virtues from the race of Númenor, my friend," responded Aragorn seriously. He glanced over to Legolas. "I would look in on Frodo for a moment first, if that suits?" "Of course." As they approached Frodo's bedroom, Legolas surprised his companion by placing his fingers to his lips, and pushing the door open very softly. A low, tuneful humming came to Aragorn's ears, and he peeked in the doorway to see Arwen Undómiel, his betrothed, rocking the sleepy hobbit in her arms in time with her Elvish lullaby. As she gently lowered his drooping head to the pillows, Frodo opened his heavy eyelids a crack and whispered, "Thank you, Arwen." She kissed his forehead. "Sleep well, Frodo." Closing the door carefully behind her, she greeted the two of them silently, returning Legolas' nod and smiling as Aragorn brought her hand to his lips. "How does he fare?" asked the Ranger anxiously. She looked grave. "He is very tired and drained tonight. As was only to be expected, perhaps." Aragorn's brows wrinkled as Legolas responded, "I thank you for taking thought of him this night, Undómiel. It is difficult for all, but for one touched by the Darkness itself, it must be much more so." And then he added, as if the two things were somehow related, "I have asked Aragorn to walk with me in the forest this evening." Her glance flickered from one to the other. "Aye," she said thoughtfully. "That will be well." She looked away with some unnamed sorrow in her dark eyes, and added, "After we are wed…" Legolas took both of her hands in his, and said with the utmost respect and affection, "After you are wed, Undómiel, I wish you many such walks, and far less necessity for them." She lifted her hand and stroked the golden hair briefly. "Arwen?" asked Aragorn, confused and concerned. She turned to him. "Go for your walk, beloved," she said, and managed a smile for him. "Be sure to take your warmest cloak, for the wind is chill. And Estel…" He turned his face into the palm that cupped his bearded jaw, and kissed her slender wrist. "What, beloved?" "It is a solemn night tonight. Do not fear or turn away from anything you may learn. Legolas is a most trustworthy guide." Far from reassuring him, the words made Aragorn's gut clench in anxiety. But Legolas was already tugging gently at his sleeve, and Aragorn let himself be led away. As he buckled on his sword and donned his outer garb, Aragorn tried to make some sense of the Elves' mysterious words. But it was only as they emerged from the Last Homely House into a cold evening, already dark, that he seized upon why this night was different from others. "It is the solstice," he said to his companion. "I had lost track of the days, we have been so occupied." "Aye," replied Legolas. "It is the night when Anor deserts us most entirely, leaving us in the long dark. And this year, even Ithil hides his face, in his mutable mood." Aragorn glanced upward and confirmed what Legolas said, that the moon barely showed a waning crescent. "Amongst men, this is a night of celebration," the Ranger observed. "I have sometimes wondered why it is not the same amongst Elves. But my foster-father only ever said that different peoples have different seasons of rejoicing. Yet many different peoples feast and celebrate at this time - in the Stewards' Calendar it is Mettarë; in the Shire it is the First of Yule; amongst the Dwarves, though a lesser feast than Durin's Day, the winter solstice is also marked by rollicking festivities. But here in Rivendell, the calendar says only 31 Hrívë, following the 30th and succeeded by the 32nd." They were rapidly leaving the friendly heat and light of the Homely House behind them now, and notwithstanding his keen senses, Aragorn was having to take care to pick his way along the bough-strewn path. "I know less than I should about mortals," confessed his companion. "But amongst my people, it is a saying that the short-lived chase their fear with cheer, while the children of the Eldar suffer and endure with Arda unto the end." "This is a night of suffering, then?" For answer, Legolas stopped his companion with a hand upon his arm, and said, "Listen. What do you hear?" The cold wind howled through the trees, but Legolas held his grasp and they were both wordless until the noise died. "It is silent," said Aragorn at last in a low tone. "The night creatures do not call. I have noticed this on other winter solstices as well." "The silence is more profound than that," Legolas told him as they resumed their walk through the near-blackness, Legolas' hand now at Aragorn's back to warn him of danger. "All of Arda curls in upon itself, mutely seeking rest and strength within to pit against the bleakness of the winter that lies ahead. There is no hope of Spring on this black night, only despair; dark quiet desperation. So it is every year." "I do not understand why Elrond did not explain this to me." "Here in Imladris, I think perhaps the Elves have grown closer to the mortal world, and a little less entwined with the life of Arda itself. But I am a wood-elf, and bound to Arda's moods. I know when the stones are suffering and the trees do not speak." As Aragorn made to reply, his foot hit a small rock in the darkness, and he went to one knee for a moment before pulling himself quickly to his feet with a slight hiss. "Are you well?" asked Legolas, concerned. "It is nothing. I have twisted my ankle slightly." Legolas reached out in the darkness to steady him and encountered Aragorn's hand with his own. "Warm," said the human, and there was something like amusement in his voice. "What is that?" "Your hand is warm. Somehow I expected you to be cool to the touch." "Ah, another useful mystery dispelled," replied Legolas, laughter in his voice. "Your own hands, though, are chilly. We must find some shelter and warm ourselves a little." "I know of none here." "No?" Legolas was definitely teasing. "It seems there are still some things an Elf can teach a Ranger, then. About two hundred yards down this pa…" He suddenly stiffened, and without thinking twice, Aragorn took his back and drew Andúril as they stared into the night. A momentary gleam in front of him alerted the Ranger, and with a yell he leaped and drove the sword through the wolf's heart as it attacked them. Legolas looked keenly about in case there was a pack, but there was no need. "So close to the House," murmured the Elf as Aragorn wiped and sheathed Andúril. "They grow ever bolder." "Aye," replied Aragorn grimly. "Should we go back in?" There was no response from Legolas, and Aragorn peered at the Elf curiously in the dim light of the stars, finding him by bright eyes and faintly silvered hair. Though his foster-family was Elvish, Aragorn could not read the evanescent moods of this near-stranger from the forest lands. Not by any means for the first time, Legolas' alluring beauty caused a dim grumble of desire in his loins and, as ever, he ignored it. "Legolas?" asked the Ranger again. "There is more I need to explain to you," said the Elf abruptly. "But it is my need, not yours. We will return if you wish it, Aragorn." Yet more mysteries. "Arwen said you are a trustworthy guide," replied Aragorn at last. "Lead on, and I will follow." But Legolas turned to face him instead, standing so close the mist of his breath brushed Aragorn's face. "I will never break your trust, I swear it," he declared passionately, before turning away and setting down the path once more. As promised, it was only a few hundred yards before Legolas stopped and said, "Here is our shelter, such as it is. Can you climb on that ankle?" "With no difficulty," replied the Ranger. "It is not badly hurt." And he managed to follow Legolas up into the branches of a huge, ancient oak, though with more pain than he would admit. Instead of finding some large branch to lie upon, as Aragorn expected, Legolas said, "Hold a moment," and then nimbly jumped into a great hole on one side of the tree's massive trunk. Aragorn poked his head through the hole in alarm, surprised to find the interior dimly lit, until he looked upwards and discovered that this cavern in the centre of the tree was a roofless one, open to the stars though protected by the crossing of many lesser boughs. "All is well," came Legolas' voice sepulchrally from the blackness about fifteen feet below. "I feared some beast might have taken up residence, but we have the place to ourselves. Jump down to me." Aragorn took a breath and then launched himself trustingly into the darkness. True to his word, Legolas caught him while he was still in the air, and set him smoothly on his legs. Aragorn clung to the Elf's shoulders for a brief moment, once more aware of the flicker of desire before he swept it away and moved deliberately a little distance apart. "Much better, is it not? We are out of the wind here," Legolas remarked cheerfully. Aragorn snorted slightly. "Much better if you are a bear," he retorted. He felt around the inside of the tree-trunk and patted the carpet of leaves of the floor, making sure there was nothing noxious, then sat down with relief. "Now, Legolas, what is it you must bring me out to the woods in the middle of the night to explain to me?" He heard Legolas' soft sigh from a few feet away, and almost regretted the flippant tone of his question. "What is it, mellon-nín ? May I call you that?" he asked again, more