The Stranger "A hunted man sometimes wearies of distrust and longs for friendship" ( Strider, Fellowship of the Ring , p. 225) "Damrod! Behind you!" Damrod swung round in response to his captain's urgent shout. Now he had an orc on each hand and, good warrior though he was, he was sorely beset. Sensing blood, two more orcs hurled themselves into the assault. All of a sudden, one of the orcs spat blood and collapsed dead on the ground. Fighting with all his might, Damrod became vaguely aware of a tall man beside him swinging a sword with great skill and strength. It was only when they were surrounded by a circle of dead enemies that they were able to stop for breath and take stock of each other. The newcomer was dressed, as were Damrod and all the Rangers, in the colours of the forest, but he was not masked as they were. Instead, his grim, weathered face was partly hidden by a large hood, which he now pulled forward with what seemed a gesture of long habit. "I thank you, stranger," panted Damrod. "Your arrival was most timely!" The man nodded, but any reply he might have made was lost as battle resumed and each was drawn away fighting new foes. More than once the stranger found himself in mortal danger, swarmed by the numerous and reckless orcs, but his new companions did not abandon him, and when silence fell over the battlefield at last, the hooded man was alive and unscathed. The Captain of the Rangers strode across to greet him, pulling off his mask as he came. He held out his hand, and the stranger shook it frankly. "I am Faramir, Captain of Gondor, and I thank you for your redoubtable aid today," said the tall young man. "I judge by your attire that you too are a Ranger, though not of these parts." With only the slightest hesitation, the stranger pushed back his hood, exposing a proud, calm face, much lined with care and unkempt with hard living, yet still unmistakably noble. Grey eyes met grey eyes, and Faramir felt a curious tug of kinship. "Faramir of Gondor," said the stranger in a voice surprisingly mild for one of such fierce aspect. "You are much renowned for your deeds of valour, sir; your reputation has reached even beyond the Misty Mountains." "Ah, my surmise was correct then, sir," replied Faramir, gratified. "You are of the Dúnedain of the North. May I enquire to whom we all have the honour to be indebted? Damrod in particular, I am sure, will wish to know who saved his life." The stranger cast down his eyes for a moment. "You must forgive me, for I cannot tell you," he replied with obvious regret. "I am a hunted man, and I tell my true name to none. I am known on my travels as Strider." "No name is needed when you have shown such friendship in deeds," Faramir assured him. "Strider it is. We are returning to our base to take some rest. Will you accompany us?" "With pleasure." So it was that Strider came in the company of the Ithilien Rangers to the woods neighbouring their refuge behind the waterfall at Henneth Annun. Strider knew well that distrust was necessary for survival in those hard days, so he submitted with wry grace to the blindfold and was led through twisting paths to the Rangers' cavern. As they went, Strider's attention was caught by the repetition of a most curious bird-like whistle. "Welcome to our den," said Faramir, personally and rather apologetically removing the blindfold at last. Strider looked around the cavern, a bleak place, and but dimly lit with a minimum of braziers and torches, but full of purposeful activity. Some men were preparing a rough meal, others pulling out blankets for the night from niches in the walls, and yet more clustered around the wounded they had brought back with them. Strider gestured to that group, saying, "I have a little training in healing. May I help?" "Your help will be welcomed," responded Faramir immediately, and Strider to work with no more ado. He carried water and bound up wounds, brought blankets for those shivering in shock - did, in fact, whatever he was asked to do. And though he was no chatterer, the Rangers warmed to him and by the time everyone was settled for the night, they were calling him by name and slapping his shoulder in gruff friendship. Strider looked around for Faramir for the first time in several hours, and spotted him sitting a little apart with his lieutenants, Mablung and Damrod. Faramir beckoned him over, and he joined them at their small table, gratefully accepting a mug of ale they pushed his way. "Came you from the North, Strider?" asked Faramir. "From the North and West," replied Strider warily. "What of it?" "Saw you many of the Orcs of the giant kind, the Uruk?" Strider nodded slowly. "They are increasing both in number and in potency, I believe," he replied. "That is my observation also. I am returning to Minas Tirith tomorrow to report to the Steward, my father, and to my brother, who is our Captain General. Damrod and Mablung will remain here with the men, pursuing the remnants of the band of orcs that troubled us so greatly today. You are very welcome to stay with them if you wish." Strider said, "But I am travelling south like you. Do you want company?" "I would welcome it," said Faramir honestly, "but you are without a horse, and we have none to spare." Strider shrugged. "So long as you are not at full gallop, I can keep up," he said, and at Faramir's incredulous look, he added with a smile, "Try me. I will not insist on holding you back if you need to go ahead." The next morning at dawn, Faramir discovered that Strider had spoken no more than the truth. With his long shanks and seemingly tireless frame, he ran easily alongside Faramir's horse for many miles at a time. Since they travelled in habited land, they took their rest at the height of the day, and made most of their journey at night. Faramir took full advantage of the opportunity to observe the stranger, and what he observed filled him with only more admiration. Here was a man as wily and clever as his father, but without his father's bitterness of spirit; as strong and as bold as his brother, but without Boromir's need always to be in command. As the days passed, the darkness encouraged confidences whenever Faramir slowed his horse, and his companion, to a walk. "It is a solitary path you take," Faramir remarked, wondering how a man so strong and adept - so attractive, as the Ithilien Ranger now honestly admitted to himself - could stand the isolation that was so obviously his way of life. "Aye, a man can find himself longing for company sometimes. It seems I talk to beasts more than I do to men these days." "I too feel the sting of loneliness," confessed Faramir, hoping that Strider could not see his face, for he feared he was showing weakness. "You have the companionship of your men, have you not?" "Not really," Faramir told him. "Not since I became Captain - it makes a difference." He did not see Strider's slight nod, but he said, "Surely you must understand this. You are a leader of men." Strider laughed softly and looked behind him. "I see no army." "And yet I think there will be one there some day," replied Faramir gravely. "And when there is, I would not be surprised to find myself amongst them, following - willingly." Strider was silent long enough for Faramir to wonder whether he had trespassed unforgivably. At length, the older man said, simply, "Thank you." A few seconds later, he glanced sharply up at the mounted man beside him. "Faramir, do you have the Dúnedain gift of foresight?" "Only in flashes. Usually in dreams," Faramir told him. "And to tell truth, it is a gift I could well do without, for it never seems to solve any problems, but only to create more." "Aye," replied Strider in a heartfelt tone. "Will you not take a turn on the horse?" But Strider shook his head to this, as he had done many times already on this journey. "I prefer to feel…" "… my own feet upon the road," finished Faramir for him, and they laughed together. "Are all Northern Rangers so stubborn?" "On this point, many of us are," conceded Strider. "I think you are the first Northern Ranger I have ever met, or at least had the opportunity to converse with," said Faramir thoughtfully. "You are very far from home, Strider." "It is true I do not often journey east of the Misty Mountains," replied Strider cautiously and vouchsafed no more. Faramir realized his curiosity about the mission of the solitary wanderer would not be satisfied this day, and changed the subject to a safer one. "I was too young to remember, but my family sometimes speaks of a man of your clan, of the Northern Dúnedain, who came east and lived at my grandfather's court in Gondor many years ago. He would be an old man now, of course, but perhaps you may know him? His name was Thorongil. It means 'Eagle of the Star'." Strider smiled in the darkness. "Ah yes, Thorongil. I knew him well. He is long gone now." "I am sorry to hear that. By all accounts, he was a brave man, and blessed with remarkable powers of stealth and endurance." Strider shrugged. "Rangers do not survive long if they are not courageous and hardy. That is true of your men also. We are not so very distantly related, after all." They were passing through a particularly dark patch of woods at that moment, difficult underfoot, full of sudden gaps and ravines, and ill-lit by the few moonbeams that struggled through the thick tree canopy. Faramir's horse nickered and shied. "Hush, Anardil!" soothed Faramir. "You are not usually so skittish. What is the matter?" "Anardil?" queried Strider, amusement in his voice. "I named him after one of the ancient Kings of Gondor," replied Faramir. "But I am sure you are familiar with that line." "Oh yes," replied Strider. "All of my people can recite their names and lineage by heart, along with the northern line of Arnor." "And mine also," said Faramir, delighted to have found more common ground with the stranger. "It was hammered into our schoolboy heads!" Just at that moment a wolf howled, piercingly and very close. Faramir's nervous horse reared and bolted. Taken unawares, Faramir was unseated and thrown violently in one direction as the horse galloped off in another. Strider cursed and ran quickly to where Faramir had disappeared into the black underbrush. It could hardly be worse. The horse had thrown him at the edge of a steep ravine, and Faramir lay unmoving fully thirty feet below, near the small stream that had carved the jagged valley. Strider scrambled down clumsily, unable to see much of anything in the darkness. Faramir came quickly to his senses, muttering "I am not hurt" in embarrassment as he tried to push himself upright. But he was compelled to abandon the pretence as soon as he tried to move his right leg, a stifled sound of agony forcing its way between his gritted teeth. Strider was down at his side in an instant, and Faramir felt rather than saw a knife slicing open the leather boot encasing his painful and swelling calf. Strider's hands explored gently. "You have broken your leg near the ankle," he informed Faramir. "It is a clean break, and will heal, but I will need to set and splint it." Then there was considerable rustling from the nearby trees and the sounds of a