Title: Cocoon Author: surreysmum Pairing: Legolas/Aragorn Rating: PG-13 Legolas emerged from deep reverie, and convulsed in pain. His eyes opened with difficulty, only partially; some milky-coloured shield was pressed right up against them, letting the light through but barring his sight. His nerves were pulsing with the desire to move, to accommodate the pain, but he was bound; bound from head to foot, completely immobile. It was terrifying. He had to pull upon every ounce of courage he had not to sink back into reverie again. He tried to breathe deeply, to calm himself, but the constriction around his chest was too tight. So he concentrated on small, panting breaths. He wondered how much air he had; he knew that even an Elf could not survive this forever. Not that he was likely to survive very long in any case. The spider would come back. His head was clearing, and it was not a welcome thing. Another cramp spiked through his thighs and back and despite himself he whimpered. What point was there in being brave now? He was doomed to an ugly, humiliating end. He pictured himself an hour ago, riding free and happy through his father's woods, his legacy. He saw himself - his careless, stupid self - stop to eat in this seemingly safe glade, so near to the outside world, so lacking in any sign of foes. He saw himself strip away his clothes and give way to the impulse to bathe in the sparkling stream. How foolish. He had not even needed to bathe; it was just the love of the water that had drawn him in. He saw himself carelessly pulling himself up the bank, singing so loudly, so joyously, he had not heard the tiny warning sounds of the spider's approach. There had been one sharp, stinging pain in the back of his neck as the giant spider accurately delivered its paralyzing poison. And Legolas had fallen hard to the ground, he the Warrior Prince of the Greenwood completely unable to defend himself against his mindless and voracious enemy. As his mind had gone black, he had felt the spider begin to spin its suffocating cocoon around him. The milky light dimmed before his eyes, and at first Legolas thought he was losing consciousness again. But no, it was a shadow, shifting, and there were sounds penetrating through the web to his muffled ears. The spider. Legolas tried to shut from his mind a picture of the massive, hooked jaws suspended between the line of four impassive eyes. He wondered if it would start at the head or the feet, or if it made any difference. He hoped the spider would be quick. He felt the cocoon moving, being lifted at the head. Something sharp broke through the shell at his neck, and something alive, warm - spiders were warm? - reached in and yanked away most of the solidified web from his face, painfully tugging the surface of his skin. As he awaited his death, Legolas took in one last, grateful deep breath of air. But the jaws did not descend. Instead, a hand - an Elvish hand! - touched his face gently, and, still muffled, a voice said, "Elbereth! It's the young prince himself! Quick, Estel, is he alive?" Another hand, a little rougher, less sure, pushed down to touch Legolas' neck and found the pulse there. "Barely," said the other voice, a younger voice. "Oh, 'Ro, what are we going to do?" "Take him to his father's halls!" said the other, and the cocoon was suddenly swung up and high by strong arms. Bolts of agony sheared through Legolas' body and he let out a helpless groan. "No, 'Ro, put him down!" said the younger voice, and Legolas' bodily prison came back to earth, much more gently. "He is too weak to move. He must be in terrible pain." "You are the healer, my brother. I will do as you suggest," said Ro. Legolas' mind was working, even through the pain. They were speaking in Sindarin, but the accent was a little strange; it was Rivendell. This, then, must be Elrohir, the famed Elf-Knight - but the other, whom he had named brother, did not seem to be Elladan, his equally famed twin. Legolas wearily let the mystery rest, and concentrated on his small breaths. Gentle hands were prying away at the rest of the sticky, solid web around the back of his head. A young face, a human face, swam into view. The eyes were kind and worried. "I am sorry, Prince Legolas, but it must be thus," said the young man, and with quick, deft strokes of his knife he severed most of Legolas' hair at the scalp, allowing him easily to lift away the rest of the sticky crown of web, taking the beauteous blond tresses with it. A little careful sawing at the back of his neck, and Legolas' head was wholly free of its prison. Another terrible cramp in his convulsing, constrained abdomen reminded him sharply that the rest of him was not. "Hannon-le ," he whispered with effort to the human, who was still swimming in and out of focus. "Rest," said the young man gently. "We will take care of you." Though he spoke low, Legolas could hear him clearly now. It was a soothing voice, a true healer's voice. "I will ride to Thranduil immediately, Estel," said Elrohir, from a little distance off. "They must have some potions to work against the venom. They know these spiders." "Perhaps Legolas is carrying some," said Estel. A strange name for a human. The warm, kind hand touched Legolas' face again. The human enunciated clearly, "Do you have a potion against the spiders, Legolas?" Legolas shook his head slightly, helplessly. He had used the last of it to help a villager the day before. "Then I am on my way," said the Elf-Knight decisively. "Ro…" The kind face disappeared. "You will do fine, little brother," he heard the other say softly. "But I know so little… I wish father were here. What if he…? What if I cannot…?" "You will do your best, and your best is very good, Estel. Father always says you are a born healer, and you know by instinct what others must be taught. I will be back with aid within a day." Legolas heard the slight clink of mail, and though he could see nothing but the tops of the trees and the darkening sky, he knew that the brothers had parted with an embrace. Then there was the sound of horse's hooves at a gallop, and he was alone with the kind young man. Legolas stared up for a moment into the grey eyes of his protector. Then his head was carefully lifted and a cloak put under to cushion it from the ground. "My name is Estel, and I am foster-son to Lord Elrond of Rivendell. I am his apprentice in healing," the young man told him. He was barely bearded, and though his hands showed signs of work, they were not those of a mature man. Legolas, though he had little experience of Men, guessed him to be twenty years old, if that. "Legolas," he forced out, but could go no further as a cramp seized him in both thighs and would not let go. Estel waited it out patiently, one hand nesting amongst the shorn locks. Then he said, "I am going to roll you on your side and help you drink a little water. If you cannot manage it, do not worry: we can try again later." As he spoke, he was rolling Legolas' helpless body to its side, and something - a horse blanket, perhaps - appeared at the Elf's back to hold him. Estel put a cup to Legolas' lips and though it was awkward, Legolas managed a sip or two. For a moment he thought his stomach would reject the fluid, and Estel's wisdom in rolling him to his side became apparent to him. But in the end he swallowed hard and the water stayed. "Good," said Estel. "Now I am going to roll you on to your front to see if I can somehow crack this shell open at your back, where it will pose least danger." Legolas suddenly realized that the translucent binding in which he had been caught naked by the spider must be leaving little to Estel's imagination. As if reading his thoughts, Estel laid a soothing hand against his cheek for a moment. "I am your healer," he said gently. But then, being a young man not yet fully in control of his tongue, he added, "though that does not mean I am unaware of your beauty." Legolas would have squirmed if he could. "Elves are all so beautiful!" said the young man plaintively as he accomplished the delicate task of rolling Legolas gently to his front. Legolas spared a moment of pity for the young Man's isolation, growing up amongst others so different, before yet another wave of pain clutched his muscles. Dimly he was aware of Estel's soothing hand, and then hard, careful pressure all down a line just to the left of his spine. Estel scored his line with his knife twice more, then insinuated both strong hands under the web at the back of Legolas' neck and pulled sharply. Legolas heard a muffled crack, and felt a line of welcome cool air down his back. But Estel said, disappointedly, "I cannot pull it off - it is too firmly stuck to your skin. I will rip you to shreds." Though still very much in pain, Legolas was able to think more clearly now. "Fire," he suggested. "Fire! Of course!" Estel agreed, understanding immediately. "If you are near the warmth, the web will become sticky again." He created some more long cracks on arms and legs to ease the pressure, then hastily built a fire with wood he found nearby. As Estel arranged the logs and kindling, and struck sparks to light them, he noticed Legolas' lips move soundlessly. "I am sorry, what did you say?" he asked, concerned. Legolas actually managed a small smile. "I was thanking the trees," he said. "It is a custom of my family's adopted people, the Silvan Elves." Estel's eyes lit up. "Is it true," he asked, "that the ancient language of the Silvan is not truly lost but lives on in the remote reaches of Mirkwood?" As he spoke he pushed Legolas gently closer to the fire and rearranged the makeshift pillow. "It is true," replied Legolas, but any more details he might have vouchsafed were lost in violent stabs of pain as the spider's poison worked on within him. "Is it worse?" Estel's fingers searched his neck to find the beating of his pulse. "I think so, yes. I cannot feel my feet now," Legolas told him. At the look on Estel's face, he added reassuringly, "The venom cannot kill me, you know." "No, but it can damage you, and it is causing you great pain," replied his young physician. "If you are comfortable, I will go into the woods for a few moments to seek out some herbs that might give you ease." True to his word, Estel was away only a few minutes, but his hunt was apparently successful, for he came back laden with an armful of plants. He settled down with a fair sized bowl and a pestle, and began to grind a bundle of leaves into a small amount of water. "What are you doing?" asked Legolas. "I am making a soothing paste for your skin," replied Estel, his teeth gritting and face grimacing from the effort of his work. Legolas found it curiously charming. The web yielded its grip in sticky pieces over the course of several hours. When Legolas finally yanked the last fragment from his flat abdomen, he gasped, "I must bathe! Right now!" But he wobbled precariously