Title: I, Faramir Author: surreysmum Pairing (sort of): Aragorn/Faramir Rating: PG Disclaimer: They're Professor Tolkien's; I'm just playing in the corner of his garden. I, Faramir Day 1 I sit here looking at this blank page, with that silly title inscribed at the top. Well, I suppose I shouldn't be so rude about it, since Aragorn ordered me to use it. "Don't give me that look, Faramir," he said. "I mean it. It's a direct order. No excuses. When you get home to Ithilien, I want you to take at least an hour every day and write about yourself. For at least a week. And you are to put the title, 'I, Faramir' at the top of every page to remind yourself that you are not writing about the history of the Stewardship, or the cross-influences in Human and Elven minstrelsy arising from the Ringwar, or any of the other fascinating topics that usually occupy your pen. Nor are you to waste your ink on the goings-on here at court, though of course you must discuss other people if they have an effect on you . Just write about yourself, Faramir, for a little bit." "And should I hand in my lesson to you when I return to help you with the Rohan conference in ten days?" I asked sarcastically. Normally I am not so free with him, but to be truthful, I was feeling a little put-upon and in some way unfairly criticized, though I could not quite say how or why. He sighed then, and put a hand on each of my shoulders in that way he has, making me look at him. "I won't be reading it, Faramir, not unless you specifically say you want me to. I'll never ask it. Bring it with you if you like, and we'll burn it, unread by anyone except yourself, in this fireplace here. But will you do as I ask? Just to please your old friend?" Well, when he asks like that, I'd paint myself blue and jump naked from the highest tower of Minas Tirith; that's no secret to anybody. Eowyn says she's never seen a man who could inspire the kind of devotion Aragorn does, just by giving someone a look or a pat on the shoulder at the right moment. And when I asked her once, a bit worried, whether the depth of my fealty to Aragorn bothered her, she hugged me very tight and kissed me with more warmth than she usually shows in the daytime, and told me no, that it only made her love me more. And I think she meant it. So, where was I? Oh yes - I agreed. A bit ungraciously, I must admit. "You want to know why," he said. "Of course you do." Well, I was feeling rather ashamed of myself for making such a fuss already, so I just gave him a rather tight smile. He smiled back, and steered me over to the table where he poured a glass of wine and pressed it into my hand. And then he poured some for himself, and if he thinks I don't know him well enough to realize he was taking the time to find a nice way to put what he was going to say next, he has another think coming. He sat down in his big chair, and gestured impatiently till I sat down in the other one. "For the last couple of months, I've had a rather grumpy Steward," he told me eventually, almost apologetically. "I realize it's a terrible strain for you, travelling back and forth all the time… " "I like it, actually," I interrupted him. And I do. That familiar journey with a home at each end, and no responsibilities in the middle, has become something I really look forward to, no matter the season or the weather. It gives me time to think a few thoughts, and sometimes (although I've never even told Eowyn this), I make up my own songs and sing them aloud to the cattle in the fields as I pass. They're remarkably uncritical, those cattle! There's the dinner bell. Oh well, that's the long and the short of it. I'm grumpy, apparently - well, he may have a point about that - so I have to write a diary. Kings. One can only roll one's eyes. Only the Valar know what I'll find to write about tomorrow. Day 2 I'm really at a loss how to fill this page today. I mean, I'm just rather ordinary, when it comes down to it. A middle-aged man, with what most people would consider a rather good job, and I suppose if you're impressed by outward things like the title "Prince" (I rarely use it, though), I have some status. And I'm useful enough, in my own way, which is a great solace to me. Wynnie and I have long since settled into a very peaceful and comfortable routine here in Ithilien. We spent the first few years of our marriage finding out and poking at each other's sore spots (as most young marrieds do, I suspect), but since then we've learned enough wisdom to give each other more comfort than aggravation. Having Elboron together was an enormous and wondrous change for both of us; for the better all around, I think, though Wynnie's sudden conversion to frills and baby-talk and pink bedspreads came as a bit of a surprise - I blame Arwen for a lot of that, frankly. Anyway, there's nothing like having a youngster around to take your mind off yourself, and wallowing in self-doubt (as I freely admit I did a lot as a younger man) is not much of an option when you have a growing boy to be father to. I must admit these last couple of years since he flew the nest, it has been rather lonely in our big palace in Emyn Arnen. Wynnie says she feels the same way. But Gwennie seems like a very good lass, and they promise as soon as she has the baby, they'll visit us for a good long stretch and let us be doting grandparents. Elboron says if it's a boy they'll call him Barahir. Must admit I'm just a little disappointed about that - I mean, it's a fine old name, but I was hoping my first grandson might be named after me, or Boromir, or maybe the King. Grandson. It seems almost impossible that we've lived that long, and in such peace. All credit to Aragorn for that - he's a good King, but he's no empire-builder, and though there was a fair bit of fighting to do even after the Ring was destroyed, we did it as cleanly and quickly as we could, with good order in mind, not revenge. I'm glad those days are over. Though I've come to acknowledge over the years that I was never as dismal a failure on the battlefield as my poor benighted old father always told me I was, it's still not how I'd ever choose to spend my days. Now Boromir, on the other hand… You know, it's a terrible thing to confess, for I still miss him, every day of my life, but I've come to think of it as something of a blessing for my brother that he was taken as a young man, before that warlike spirit of his could come to fret and feel useless in peaceful days. He died exactly as he would have wanted to, I think, bravely and for a reason he could believe in; Aragorn has often told me that my poor brother's troubled mind was clear at the last from the influence of that terrible Ring, and that he had his own kind of peace at the end. Yes, one could have a much worse death than Boromir did. I'll admit it here, though nowhere else, that when I used to go into battle in those after-days, side by side with the King, it was that picture of Boromir dying in Aragorn's arms that I used to think of. It helped me steel myself; I used to think that if Denethor's second son wasn't as brave a warrior as his first, yet nonetheless he'd have no worse an end, for surely Aragorn would notice and care for me too. Was that conceited and wrong? Probably, but it doesn't matter, because it helped me get through the worst of it, and as it turned out, I didn't die, but lived to see Aragorn properly crowned, and married, and come into his own as King of a great realm. Wynnie will be wondering where I've disappeared to. I've left this little chore late tonight, and it's nearing our bedtime. We like to go to bed and get up together; it's one of the small, enormously valuable parts of marriage that nobody really tells you about, that companionship at nightfall, at dawn, through the night. Though there's not much happens in that bed but sleep these days, I'm not really complaining. All human men know that there will come a time when their wives are less interested in physical affection than they are. Wynnie and I seem to have worked out quite a good compromise - I ask less often, but she accommodates me more often than she really feels the urge to. And once we get started, she seems to enjoy it well enough. I wonder if Aragorn thinks that's why I'm grumpy lately. If he does, he's wrong. Day 3 You know, writing about it yesterday made me think back to the early days of my marriage with Eowyn (she didn't let me call her Wynnie for more than a year, and even then, she said, "and never at court, unless you want to wake up the next morning with your best bits gone!" She had her ferocious moments, my Wynnie - still does, the Valar bless her!) Anyway, I was put in mind of a rather odd bedtime conversation we had shortly after we were married. You have to remember that Eowyn and I had a very unconventional courtship: we met in the Houses of Healing, both of us recovering from wounds of both body and spirit. Aragorn was the one who had brought us both back. And we were trapped there in Minas Tirith, trapped by our healing bodies, as all the great events transpired in the East without us - as the great man who held a large part of both our hearts went out to achieve his destiny. We stood looking eastward every night, and Aragorn was there for both of us, with us in the midst of our own quietly flowering love, just as much as if he had been there in his own complicated, complicating, beloved person. Eowyn was still very much enamoured of him when we first met, and that unrequited passion was quite literally killing her all over again. She's proud, my Wynnie - it's one of the things I love most about her - and she was bound and determined to put on her armour again and get herself killed rather than live for the rest of her life with the shame of having given her heart to a man who couldn't love her back. If it had been any other man in the world, I would have hated him for that. Even though the last thing he wanted was to hurt her, and I knew it, I would have hated him for the pain he caused her. But Aragorn I could not hate. Not then, not ever. I've never tried to put into words before what I experienced at his hands in the Houses of Healing. I fear I can't - it will emerge as a syrupy mess; it will fail to convey the depth and the strength and the joy of the feelings. All I can tell you is that I was in hopeless torment;