After a long stint of life events that left me MIA, I am back. I am starting this new fic as a creative writing project to help me stir up some creativity as I work to finish my other piece. I apologize to any readers that were expecting a new chapter for my other story and instead have come to find I'm starting this. Please know that I am trying to work through it. I have had some major writer's block and I needed the opportunity to free up my mind so that I can continue. I am writing this to challenge myself as a writer in the hopes that something good will come of it. So please bare with me. I have no plans for this piece, unlike my other piece that has become so wildly complex in its storyline. Every chapter I write for this will simply be a metaphorical pen to the metaphorical paper. I know just as much as the reader does in regards to where this story is headed. I am open to ideas and plotlines if any suggestions should arise. But overall, we are going through this adventure together. Also, I tend to get very wordy in my writing. I don't want this piece to be that way. So someone please stop me if a chapter gets too wordy and I start wondering off track. Notes: This fic is written under the assumption that Hermione graduated from Hogwarts and Fleur never came to Hogwarts for the triwizard tournament. Fleur also never married Bill Weasley and was basically non-existant in the time Hermione attended Hogwarts. All other aspects of the stories remain true, only Fleur's role in the original story should be replaced by some other woman who Bill married and who tended to the trio at Shell cottage. Fleur is a complete stranger for the sake if this story. I apologize in advance for changing the original plot line so drastically. I was just trying not to write the same plotlines that keeps dominating the fanfics written for this pairing. I had to change some stuff up in order to accomplish that. Also, feel free to correct my French. Translations will be listed at the end of each chapter. Disclaimer: It's not mine. I don't make any money doing it. Chapter 1 The train roared on. Currently on its way to Paris. The ultimate destination, Versailles. Hermione Granger was aboard this train on her way to a convention. She was in her last year of her residency at St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. Her attending healer had sent her on a trip to a convention being held in Versailles; thinking it would help her to network more with the mediwitch and mediwizard community as her residency was quickly coming to an end. She very well could have apparated or flown on her broom or perhaps even travelled via floo powder; not to mention there was a portkey specifically enchanted for travel to and from the convention. However, she settled for a muggle train ride out of London. Most muggle-born witches and wizards would have only chosen to take the train over some other magical form of transportation for the sentimentality or to feel the familiarity of the connection they have with a part muggle life. This, however, was not the reason Hermione chose to take the train. Hermione loved to read. A muggle train ride from London to Versailles took roughly 3 hours and 30 minutes. Which afforded Hermione 3 hours and 30 minutes of quality reading time. And it was for this simple reason she often chose the longer more arduous route when traveling to any set destination. Luckily, muggles were masters at making everything about their day-to-day lifestyles as difficult and chastening as possible-including their commutes. She would have been grateful to muggles, in that moment, had she not been so enraptured in a new book recommended highly by one of her fellow residents at St. Mungo's. But that is not the only reason she opted to take the train. If Hermione Granger were completely honest, she would willingly admit to not being overall enthused about the convention she was headed to. It was one of the last things she needed in order to complete her residency in pursuance of her Healer certification. That was the only significance it really held. Just another boring, stuffy convention full of witches and wizards who believed that their methods were superior to their fellow colleagues'. Nothing she hadn't heard before. Nothing she hadn't studied before. Merely a requirement placed upon her by her attending healer-of whom probably sent her in his place because he himself did not want to attend. And if she were being even more honest, healing wasn't necessarily the profession she had originally anticipated going in to when first making her way into the wizarding workforce. Her muggle parents were both in the medical field. And while magical medicine and muggle medicine are vastly different in comparison, they still had some expectation that their daughter also practice, one way or another, in the medical field. That's not to say they pushed her to be where she is today. In a way that was as natural as these things can be, their influence served more as a guide for Hermione to follow in their career-based footsteps. She was very much capable of making her own decision as soon as she came of age. That's also not to say that she wasn't satisfied with the career choice she made. She had spent a lot of time deciding what she wanted to do after her tenure at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. It was the hardest decision she'd ever had to make, as Hermione was very indecisive when it came to what it was she truly wanted to do. For the most part she knew that she wanted to do something that would have an impact. That would help people and leave a unique imprint on both the wizarding and muggle worlds respectively. She settled for the medical field after recognizing the weight of her parents expectations and desires for her future. That, and she had been running out of time to make her decision. It was the most logical choice. So not only did the train give her 3 hours and 30 minutes of quality reading time, it also spared her 3 hours and 30 minutes of time spent at that boring, stuffy convention about things that didn't truly peak her utmost interest. For now, she didn't think too much into it. She just sat and enjoyed what little time she had to herself after having spent months running around a hospital and tending to every patient's needs. The train came to a halt. Stopping in Paris between London and Versailles. She looked up momentarily if only to verify that she hadn't yet reached the terminus. Noticing that she hadn't missed her stop, she turned her nose back down to her book and continued reading; flipping through casually as she finished a page. Her brows were turned down in concentration. The doors to the train opened, screeching in pain from their overuse and lack of care. Jostling footsteps echoed through the train car; the final signal that people were boarding and deboarding at a regular interval. Unexpectedly, a hand slapped against the wall next to one of the doors on the farthest side of the train cart. The sound startled Hermione enough to procure her unwavering attention. The hand belonged to a young woman who was gasping for breath as if she had been running for miles, frantically calling out to everyone on the train, "Quelqu'un ici est-il un docteur? Est-ce que quelqu'un ici est médecin? n'importe qui?" Hermione's first thought upon seeing the overwrought young French woman was that she was absolutely breathtakingly beautiful. The kind of person you see in a magazine or in a position of power that constantly commands attention in one form or another. Her blond hair hung loosely around her shoulders; feathery in its graceful prominence. Her crystal blue eyes piercing as they made contact with each and every passenger on the train as she continued asking in a panic that built every moment that passed without a response, "Quelqu'un ici est-il un docteur?" The french woman came down the row asking this same question to each person. She received no response nor so much as the slightest acknowledgement to her pleas. When the blond woman finally got to Hermione, shock reverberated throughout the brunette's body at having been at the very direct receiving end of the authoritative glint hidden in those eyes. They invoked feelings in Hermione that she didn't think appropriate to feel for a complete stranger such as loyalty and compliance and an affection that was far too intense for someone she hadn't even officially met yet. The young French woman asked the soon-to-be-mediwitch very pointedly, "Etes-vous un docteur?" Hermione could only stare at the young woman rather dumbfoundedly. Her knowledge of French was limited to simple key phrases such as 'where is the bathroom' and 'I'm hungry.' With context clues, she could only guess that the young woman was saying something in regard to a Doctor. And the way in which she spoke indicated it was a question; and she expected an answer. Hermione's head shook back and forth of its own accord. Her mouth hung open as if to say something but she became so overwhelmed with this newfound muteness, she found she was unable to produce any intelligible words. She maintained eye contact with the blonde and shrugged, unsure of how else to respond given the obvious language barrier. Noticing the brunette's confusion and what seemed to be her desire to want to help, the young woman tried once more, "Parlez-vous français?" Hermione understood this question and responded, not at all confident in her answer or ability to speak the foreign language, "Un peu?" "Do you speak anglais?" The French woman questioned, this time in English, stepping closer to the brunette as she spoke. The brunette took a deep breath to calm her rapid firing nerves. "Yes, I speak English," Hermione replied. Her shoulders dropped, releasing the tension held there. She was relieved that she no longer had to guess what the woman was saying, so that she might actually have any hope at helping her. Because Hermione had the strong urge to help this woman in any way she could and at any cost. "Are you a docteure?" The woman questioned. Hermione didn't hesitate to respond, "Yes." This hadn't been entirely true. She was still in the process of getting her medical license. Not that the young woman before her would mind one way or another given her visibly outward display of exigency. Hermione conceded that this fact was neither here nor there and stood firmly by her previous, most impulsive response; even if it went against her better judgement. "S'il vous plaît, you must come wiz me. I am in desperate need of your 'elp," the young blond said so suddenly it almost startled Hermione. And though it was still unnerved, the woman's French accent floated airily around the English girl's head making her feel equally as light as the words that were spoken so gracefully to her. There was, though, a noticeable lack of inquiry in the French woman's tone. And it was amusing to Hermione that this young woman thought that, just by giving her a simple order, she would get what she wanted. It was even more amusing to Hermione that she found herself packing up her things and following the blond woman off the train so easily; no questions asked. The blue-eyed beauty held tightly to the brunette's hand dragging her out into the darkened evening away from the train station. The hand holding Hermione's was hot and clammy. Which the English witch found odd because it was the middle of a