Hello boys and girls. I have been staying up all night and it is getting a little boring right now. What can we do to fix this? Try telling us a story! Yeah, we want story time. It's a lot better than anything else that we could do. If that is what you wish. Then I will warn you all, I am dead tired and that causes weird things to happen during story time. Okay, then let me tell you all the story of a bunch of dirty midgets who stole a ring. Oh, this is going to be hilarious. *Ahem* Now let's begin. Many years ago, there was a really hilly place near a shitty lake. In these hills, a bunch of short people lived really dirty lives of sickness and disease. We don't really give a shit. No, instead there was one man that we care about. His name was Dildo Saggins. Now Dildo was quite a boring man. He didn't do that much in life ever since he murdered his mother due to her constant nagging as well as how he just couldn't ever get laid. He was already in his thirties and yet he still was a virgin. It was on this day that he decided to sit outside and smoke from his weed pipe. As he huffed his narcotics, he blew them out into massive rings which would sometimes attract his neighbors who wished to see more of his smoke tricks. At least they wished to until they stood near him and smelled the knarly reef that he was token. That was when Dildo saw a man dressed in what looked like a dirty gray burlap sack that had three holes cut out so that someone could fit their arms and head inside it. This man wore a dirty gray pointy hat that smelled like old cabbage. He had a dirty beard that had what appeared to be pieces of shit attached to it. In his hand that he was using as a cane was a plunger. "Ay! Can I take sip off your reefer?" The man asked. Dildo looked at the man and poked him to make sure that he wasn't a hallucination. "Sure. Good morning to you." Dildo said as he handed his pipe to the man. The man took it and inhaled deeply before handing it back to Dildo. "Wait, it's morning? Wow, I was tripping longer than I thought. Or is it afternoon? Who knows. So Dildo, have you had a good life and gotten laid yet?" The man asked. "Who are you to ask me about my sex life?" Dildo asked. "Don't you remember me? I'm Damdorf the narcotic wizard." Damdorf replied. Dildo appeared to think on this for a moment. Either that or he was stoned out of his mind. "Oh I remember you. You are the one who brought that entire bag of amazing crack for a party once." Dildo replied with some fondness. Damdorf looked disappointed at Dildo. "Crack, really? Out of all the amazing feats that I have accomplished and all the other extraordinary feat of dickery and drug creation, my crack is the only thing that you possibly remember. Either you have been on that pipe for far too long, or you need to get laid. I think that I have an idea for both of those issues and I will be back." Damdorf stated. "You just need to relax and look at the sky, Damdorf. There are so many clouds up there. I think I just saw a tiger." Dildo stated while pointing to a cloud that looked much more like a pile of shit than any type of animal that Damdorf could imagine. "You have been on your pipe for way to long, young Saggins. I will fix that if it's the last thing I do as I would hate to see one like you waste their lives away smoking weed when the poor fellow obviously needs a good lay." Damdorf harrumphed and walked away while his plunger stuck to the ground and was then pulled off. "That was weird. I think that I will go take a nap." Dildo said as he slowly got off of his front step and walked into his little hill house. He didn't notice Damdorf walk up to his door and pull out a can of spray paint which he used to tag the door with a massive D. "This should teach him." Damdorf said while walking away. Later that night after Dildo had managed to come down from his drug induced coma, he heard a knocking. "Who would be at the door at this time of night?" Dildo asked. The knocking kept growing much to his irritation. Dildo walked over to the door and opened it to reveal thirteen short fat men with beards. "You Dildo?" One of the creatures known as dwarf asked. "Yes. Is there something you need?" Dildo asked. The dwarf gave a gesture and the other dwarves rushed at Dildo and put a burlap sack over his head. "Hey! Let me go!" Dildo shouted. One of the dwarves, fed up with Dildo's whining decided to smack him in the back of the head which knocked him out. When Dildo came to, he found himself leaned up against a log by a campfire. "W-where am I?" Dildo asked. The other dwarves were all unconscious due to smoking too much weed. "You are on a journey, young Saggins. We are heading onto an adventure to a far off mountain." Dildo turned and looked at the man in the burlap sack who had decided to make his life far more confusing than necessary. "And why did you kidnap me?" "I wanted another midget to join this quest and you were available, as well as how you were being such a bitch. I remember when you were young. You always liked to brag about who you had the biggest shlong in the land." Damdorf stated. Dildo smiled in pride. "Yes I do. I still have it even now." "Good, then you will need it for your journey will be a dark one and you will need your wits about you." Damdorf said darkly. This slightly scared Dildo when he heard but he felt confident that he could overcome the odds. "And what would this quest involve?" Dildo asked. "The dwarves around us have lost their home to a horrid creature known as Smug. It has taken over their mountain, stolen all their gold, and raped as many of their people as he could." Dildo felt fear enter him when he heard this. "And what is Smug, and how did he rape people?" Dildo asked. "Smug is a massive dragon. And he sodomized many a dwarf. Now where are we going first?" Dildo asked. "First, we must go to a horrid place filled with trolls and goblins. This will begin the hero's journey which will change you in many miraculous ways." Damdorf said. "What?" Dildo asked. Damdorf pulled a spliff from his beard and handed it to Dildo with a lighter. "Don't ask, just smoke." Dildo did just that and he was unconscious in under a minute. When he awoke once again, he saw that the dwarves were awake and packing camp. Dildo walked over to one of the dwarves who had a beard that went down to his knees. "So who are you?" Dildo asked. "I am Borin. Borin the dwarf king of ceaseless chatter." Borin replied. "That is an interesting name. Why do they call you that?" Dildo asked. "I am called this because I have learned to weaponize my speech and kill my opponents by talking, over, and over. Never stopping." "That sounds nice. Now let's go." Dildo said and the two began to walk to the other dwarves and Damdorf who were already walking away. Their journey took them to a tower where the group decided to take cover in for the night. Inside, they were greeted to many naked women which pleased the dwarves. "Hello travelers, we are part of the Tower of Power. We teach everything here and we are quite enthusiastic about it. How about we separate all of you and you can be shown our teachings." The dwarves looked at one another. "Whatever." And the dwarves separated leaving Dildo and Damdorf behind. "So, what is this place?" Dildo asked Damdorf. "It is a Tower that teaches everything yet most only come here for the sex and the drugs. There is a school at the top of the tower that teaches underwater things and you'll usually find Admiral Akbar up there teaching but nobody really cares about that place. Now, I'm going to go get baked, I'll see you later." And so Damdorf walked off leaving Dildo alone. He was eventually picked up by a woman who solicited him for happy times which he agreed to immediately. Both began to walk through the tower and down the stairs where Dildo noticed that the walls that were once made of plaster were now cobblestone. A few doors were located around and they took a room at the end of the hall. When they entered, Dildo's eyes widened. This wasn't a room to party, it was a sex dungeon! Dildo was absolutely terrified and so he turned around to see the woman from before smirking at him. Wait, wait, wait…A sex dungeon? Really? This is getting weird man. Yeah well, this is story time and I am very tired right now. So anyway, where was I? At a sex dungeon. Also, are you reading this off the internet or something? No. I am just really tired right now and I'm making it up as I go along. Now silence everybody, we must deal with the sex dungeon. So Dildo looked at the woman with shock. "Where do you think you're going? I have to show you something." With that, she pulled down her trousers to reveal… "Oh gods, that a huge friggin' schlong!" Dilbo cried out. The door suddenly opened behind the woman and knocked her into the ground. Standing in the doorway was a orangy fish-like creature in a white suit. "It's a trap! Now grab a weapon! We must get out of here." Dilbo was freaking out. A freaking fish-man just saved him from getting raped by a woman with a schlong. Dildo looked around and saw a cricket bat which was glowing blue. He picked it up and walked over to the woman and smacked her in the head just to make sure that she would stay down. "Save your friends, it's a trap here. Now I'm going to go hump a lobster. Goodbye!" Akbar then ran off. Dildo followed after him and opened each door to the sex dungeon where he found to his happiness that his dwarven friends beating up the schlong chicks. They turned to him and followed him out of the room where they went upstairs and exited the tower. Outside they found Damdorf smoking some crack before he turned to them. "So, did you defeat the chicks with dicks?" Damdorf asked. Everyone nodded and Damdorf smiled before pulling out a can of gasoline from his beard. "Now let's commit arson. After burning down the Tower of Power and eating the cooked remains of Admiral Akbar, the group continued on their journey where Dildo noticed a skinny creature sneaking about. Dildo waved this off and continued until he noticed the creature once more. "Okay, that's it!" Dildo shouted and he threw his cricket bat at the creature. A massive squeal emerged from the area and everyone ran there to see a bald skinny creature that was extremely pale. "What is that thing?" A dwarf asked. Damdorf poked it with his plunger before nodding to himself. "Yep, that thing is being possessed by an evil ring that could destroy an evil overlord if destroyed properly. So, who wants to take the evil magical ring?" Damdorf asked.