Fuck. Fuck. This wasn't supposed to happen. She knew she was far to damaged for this. They both were. She was only glad that she had that invitation to 12. Running wasn't her style, but he wasn't here just now and she needed to get away from the home they shared. She couldn't think with his scent in their bed, his clothes in the closet, his razor on the bathroom sink. She wasn't running, she was taking some time out. The universe may have it in for her, but at least it provided her with the opportunity to have space to think this over. She had choices, it wasn't like it was before the war, where women had to keep going, regardless of the danger to their own health, their own sanity. No, they had choices now and she was damned sure she was going to think every single one of them over. She had to do this without him, regardless of how much he loved her. And how much she loved him. Damn him for making her fall in love with him. Johanna moved quickly, packing her bags to walk to the train station. She didn't want to risk calling a car, if he asked, they'd tell him exactly what he wanted to know, they'd have little choice in the matter. And he might not get her destination right at first guess, after all she had known Annie far longer than Katniss and Peeta, but one call to her dead best friend's mentally unstable widow would tell him he needed to look elsewhere. And though she'd kept the invitation to herself, it wouldn't take him long to track her down, after all, he had access to every security camera in Panem should he want or need it. He wasn't due home for another two weeks, and this way, he'd come home to find her out, and think she was either at work, or out in the small woodland that the district afforded. He'd only start to worry if she wasn't home twenty four hours later, because she would often go to the woods straight from work. That gave her fifteen days. Add that to the ten weeks or so she had guessed she had already and that was over three months. It was only the tightness of her work pants that had given her the slightest inkling in the first place. And being fair, she'd ignored it for the last couple of weeks, putting it down to being bloated from eating the crap they served in the mess hall. They'd always eaten at home. It wasn't common knowledge that they were together. In fact, it was only Beetee that knew, and that was only because the genius had managed to interrupt one of their more frenzied sessions on the floor of their shared apartment. Not that anyone knew they shared an apartment. They were allocated living space on the same floor of the military block which had gone a long way to not giving their game away. Yeah, they'd managed for four damned years to keep this to themselves, and now she was running from it. She supposed that at the very least she should call ahead, let them know she was coming. The four years of phone calls between them wouldn't raise any suspicions and hey, even she was allowed time off. She lifted the receiver of the phone on his night stand, and punched in the familiar number. She tells Peeta that she's coming to the toasting, and he seems to be somewhat surprised at this turn of events, going so far as to say he'd not expected her to want to be part of something that she would refer to as soppy bullshit. But she just tells him to have something good to eat ready for when she gets there. She enjoyes the train ride. She knows that Katniss isn't a fan, and that Annie just can't set foot on one. To be fair, it was the train that took them from their relatively ordinary lives to being the playthings of the Capitol. But she doesn't mind it. It's fast, comfortable, and its busy. Which means she's less likely to be spotted. And dressed like this, she doubts many will recognise her. She's always been done up, in dresses and make up, her hair always styled. And she looks so different from the child she was in the games, the dressed up victor, the tortured prisoner she was during the war, or the crazy survivor she was after. She's travelled more with her work than he with his and she always opts to take the train. She likes to watch the districts as she passes through them. It's only ever 7 she feels a pang for when the train stops to refuel there. It's just by chance that there was some sort of plan failure in 5 and he had to go out to put it right. He'd been there for two weeks already and with the two weeks he still had left there, it gave her time. When the train pulls into 12, she grabs her bag and jumps off the train onto the solid concrete of the platform. Of course he's there to meet her, Peeta is the epitome of chivalry, and if it were anyone else she'd probably have several choice words for them. But it's him, the man that was tortured in the cell beside her and she can never find it to be too unkind. Instead, she walks up to him and allows him to hug her, but only briefly. "Long time no see baker boy." "It's good to see you too Johanna." She can't help but smirk at the beaming smile he's giving her. "I hope you've got something good to eat Mellark, my stomach is starting to think my throat's been cut." He laughs then. It's good to hear. Peeta and Katniss have fixed each other, and if she's honest she knows how it feels to be mostly fixed. He's done that for her, and she adds that to her mental list of things to add into her weighing of her situation. Dinner doesn't disappoint. There's fresh rabbit stew - something she's become accustomed to over the last four years – served with boiled potatoes, not the awful ones like in 13, but baby ones, freshly picked from the back garden. And there's crusty bread, fresh, white and still warm from the oven, to dip in the stew and soak up all the juices. She is in no doubt that Katniss caught the rabbit just that morning, and that Peeta was responsible for turning it into this meal. And afterwards, whilst they sit in the living room in front of the fire, they eat cake Peeta has baked and drink tea. She's pretty sure the two love-birds don't notice that she's not touched a drop of alcohol since she arrived. Luckily for her, their thoughts are on the toasting, set for the day after tomorrow. The following day she's sitting on the back porch, looking out over the garden and it's vegetable patches, both hands clasped tightly round her hot coffee cup. She's miles away, weighing up her options, thinking about what he'd say, what he'd do if he found out that she was carrying his child. She didn't even notice anyone was there until Peeta spoke. "So, wanna tell me about it?" She didn't, not really, but it came out anyway, quieter, and far weaker than she really wanted. "I'm pregnant." The silence stretched on for what felt like hours, but was really only minutes, maybe even seconds. "So, who's the dead meat then?" She half laughs. "I don't think you want to know. Really." Peeta raised his eyebrows in surprise. "It's someone we know?" "Yeah." "Then you'll have to tell us at some point Jo. What if it looks like him?" The name stung. She only let him call her that, the father of the life inside her. "I know." "How far?" "I don't know. A little under three months maybe?" "Oh. Now I get it.." "Get what, bread boy?" "The clothes." "They've worked though, haven't they." It wasn't a question, it was a statement of fact, one that even Peeta couldn't deny. "I guess they have." "Then keep it that way. I still don't know what I'm going to do about it." She knew, as soon as the words formed in her mouth that he'd be hurt by her statement, but she couldn't stop them from coming out. She knew how much Peeta wanted kids, and how much Katniss resisted. His shoulders slumped and he pushed himself off the porch, retreating back into the house. Dinner that evening was a busy affair though, with the arrival of guests for the next day, and Peeta carried on as though everything were perfectly normal, or at least normal for that particular group of people. The ceremony is smaller and much more intimate than she had imagined it would be. It's something she's been told about, but marriage has never taken her interest and so she never asked about the details. There are few guests. Katniss' mother, who had come from four yesterday and was staying in the bedroom the far side of Katniss and Peeta's room. The mother and daughter had become closer in the last two years. Plutarch, who had flown in from the Capitol yesterday too, along with Effie. They had stopped for Annie, who had managed to get herself together to the point that she was coping well most days, and her toddler son, Finn. The four of them were staying in Peeta's old house next door. Haymitch, who was now mostly sober was there of course, after all, there was hot food to be had and a drink to toast with. But he was far removed from the drunk that she'd known since her games. The other guests she only half recognised, and had to be introduced to them. The girl that had helped Peeta in 13, Delly, and her husband, Thom. They seemed nice enough, maybe too nice for her. The last two guests she knew as soon as she saw them, but she couldn't bring herself to talk to them. It's four pm when they all gather outside the house, and Katniss and Peeta cross the threshold first, together. They make a fire together and toast a piece of bread, before sharing it. And that's it. They'd been to the Justice Building first thing that morning with Katniss' mother and Haymitch to sign the official papers, but according to Delly, no one in 12 felt married until they'd had a toasting. The dinner afterwards was nothing fancy either. Carrot soup made with home grown carrots, was followed by lamb stew, with plums. It reminded her so much of the Capitol, and the training centre before it became her prison, and as delicious as it was to everyone else it tasted like ash in her mouth. She wondered briefly how Katniss and Peeta could choose to have this particular dish on a day that was happy for them, yet held so many bad memories. She pushed back her chair and excused herself, but before she could move away from the table there was a knock on the front door. To everyone gathered round the table, any unknown knock at the door was a reason to worry, to be frightened. They all knew well that there was noting to be frightened of, but that didn't stop them all exchanging worried glances with each other. Only the people round the table were supposed to know about today. She heard the scrape of chairs, and saw Haymitch, Peeta and Thom all rise. "I'll go. I was getting up anyway." She just catches the worried look in Peeta's eye, and she knows that he's thinking he should protect the pregnant woman, but he also knows the promise