Disclaimer: Not mine. Chapter 1 - Failure Percy kept his eyes on the ground when he was being dragged off to see Kronos. Not out of fear, or subservience. No, he avoided looking at the Titans surrounding him because if he saw the faces of those that took everything from him, he'd try to kill them. Atlas, walking to the left and a little in front, had led the massacre of the Hunters while Percy was Hyperion's prisoner. Hyperion, walking behind him, spent six months torturing Percy, and any other demigod who was unlucky enough to be captured. Iapetus holding Percy's right arm and walking level with him, had made it his mission to hunt down any demigod not in one of the well-defended bases of the Last Alliance. It didn't matter to Iapetus that most of the children he hunted were eight years old or less, or that most of them didn't even know they were demigods, or that a sizable portion were children of the minor gods, rather than the Olympians. The Last Alliance, Percy mused bitterly. A pompous name for a bunch of war-torn survivors. They'd come together, worked together, fought together and died together, because it was the only way to avoid Kronos slaughtering them all. At first it was just the demigods, the satyrs and Lady Hestia. Then Percy helped kill the small army Kronos sent to the Underworld, but not before Persephone was banished to Tartarus. Lord Hades joined after that. After the fall of Olympus, the Hunters had thought all the demigods were dead. Once they realised that some few had survived, they journeyed to Camp Half-Blood and joined the Alliance. The minor gods were betrayed by Kronos and those who managed to escape joined the Last Alliance. Triton had taken control of Poseidon's army after the Olympians were captured, and held the palace against Oceanus's army for three years, until they were finally overwhelmed and forced to retreat to Camp Half-Blood three years after the Fall of Olympus. Triton and the remnants of Poseidon's army also joined the Last Alliance. Ten years after the Fall of Olympus Percy landed on Ogygia and Calypso joined the Last Alliance. She was the last. But that didn't matter now, Percy reflected sadly. They had lost. The members of the Last Alliance - the surviving members - were split between the Underworld and Ogygia, using them as strongholds that Kronos couldn't - or just couldn't be bothered to - crush. There was nothing left to be done, no battles they could fight and win. They had lost. Finally, Percy was thrown down in a cavernous room, his footsteps echoing loudly as he stumbled along. Percy stifled a groan of pain as he hit the floor, pushing himself up and looking at the cause of so much suffering. The Titan Lord Kronos sat on a great throne of cold, dark stone that seemed to suck all of the light and humour out of the room. He was dressed in Greek garments, and he had chosen to wear Luke's face. Percy gritted his teeth at the sight. How dare he? Luke had turned against him in the end, yet he still wore the heroes face as if to say, I win! "Percy Jackson, the Leader of the resistance, my Lord, as you requested." Hyperion grovelled from behind Percy. He resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Requested. Riiight. "Leave us." The Titan of Time said coldly. "My Lord, our reward-" Hyperion said nervously but was cut off by Kronos. "Your reward is me not killing you for letting Jackson escape in the first place, Hyperion. Atlas and Iapetus may have some small reward at a later date. Now leave." What little humour and goodwill there usually was in Kronos's voice had vanished, and the three Titans bowed low before beating a hasty retreat. The doors clanged ominously shut behind them. Percy looked around, taking stock of the room and all it's occupants. The twelve Olympians were chained to the floor in a semicircle around the room, in the same order that their thrones used to be, if Percy remembered correctly. Zeus and Hera were chained to the floor on either side of Kronos, in the center of the twelve. Kronos was absently petting Hera's hair, as if she were a pet. The chains that bound the gods, Percy noted, seemed to be made of the same material as Kronos's throne. Percy had the uneasy feeling that those chains were suppressing the gods powers somehow. The gods themselves looked awful. All of them were bleeding and their clothes were little more than rags. Apollo was probably best off, and Zeus, Poseidon and Hermes definitely looked the worst. Percy guessed that Kronos took out his anger on the Olympians. Hermes because Luke betrayed him, Poseidon because Percy fought him, and Zeus because he used to be king of the gods. All had slumped shoulders, looking tired, defeated, hopeless. Broken. Kronos regarded the Hero who stood defiantly before him. Percy Jackson was still a figure who defied any kind of authority, and had the strength to back up his disobedience. Despite fighting a hopeless war for thirteen years, despite watching friend after friend die around him, despite spending six months being tortured by Hyperion and, on occasion, Kronos himself, the demigod still found the will to stand tall and fight another hopeless battle. Percy's hands were cuffed, blood leaking from his wrists where the sharp metal dug into his skin. Scars too numerous to count littered his body, some from torture, most from his many battles. Various small wounds, fairly recent, had broken open, leaving small traces of blood to make their way down Percy's body like red tears. The grey streak Percy acquired in his hair had turned a pure, brilliant white during his imprisonment, but his hair was now so filthy that the matted strands appeared black. Percy's clothing, like the gods, were little better than rags. When he looked at Kronos, though, his eyes were as bright as ever. Percy's eyes were currently resting on the father he hadn't seen in thirteen years. Poseidon met his son's gaze and Percy knew he would be able to read the emotions there. Guilt, for not making the choice when he had the chance, resulting in the Fall of Olympus and for failing to save the gods in the years that followed; relief that they hadn't faded, even if it might be easier for them if they had; sadness and defeat, because Percy couldn't see a way out this time, he couldn't see a way to save them. A ghost of a smile flitted over Poseidon's features and his eyes showed worry and ... pride? Percy couldn't dwell on that any longer, as Kronos's voice pulled him back to the present. "Percy Jackson." He rolled the name over his tongue. "It's been a long time." "Not long enough." Percy spat, glaring daggers at the immortal being. Kronos tutted. "Now, now, Percy, is that any way to speak to your betters?" Percy glowered for a moment before smiling disarmingly. "I wouldn't know." He said sweetly. "I've never met any." Kronos stared in shocked disbelief for a moment before he threw his head back and laughed humourlessly. "You haven't changed at all, I see." He glared at Percy coldly. "And here I thought that wearing this face might remind you that I can't be beaten." "Or that you can be beaten." Percy said quietly. "After all Luke beat you, if only for a little while." A quiet gasp caught Percy's attention and he looked towards the sound. Hermes was looking at Percy, his expression stunned and his gaze hopeful. Percy felt his anger begin to rise at the sight. He turned back to Kronos and gave the Titan Lord his best death glare. "You didn't tell him, did you? You didn't tell him about how Luke was almost the end of you, how a mere, mortal hero was able to hold you at bay." Anger made Percy's eyes darken like the sea before a storm. "Luke betrayed you!" Kronos yelled. "He made a mistake!" Percy roared. "And he paid for it with his life." Water swirled around him and the cuffs snapped. "What does it matter? I won in the end." Kronos said. "It matters. Don't you see? Luke took control of his body and asked my to give him the knife so he could stop you by killing himself. That was my choice, only I never got the chance to make it. One of the wind gods who was defending Olympus from the air got thrown through the roof of the throne room, the distraction was all you needed to take control again and burn up Luke's body so you couldn't be killed. We almost destroyed you, and we couldn't have done it without Luke. That's why it matters. He beat you, for his family." Kronos snorted. "Family. As if that matters. My sons tossed me into Tartarus." "You ate them!" Percy said exasperated. "And look where that got me." Kronos spread his arms. "I've got everything I want." "It got you in Tartarus for two thousand years." Percy muttered. Kronos's eyes narrowed dangerously and he stopped time around the demigod. Before Percy could break free from Kronos's power, the Titan causally strolled over to Percy and backhanded him across the room. "You should learn respect." He rumbled. Percy gasped harshly as he lay on the floor. His ribs definitely felt broken, and his left shoulder was dislocated. In the corner of his eye he saw Kronos summon his scythe and saunter towards him. "Thirteen years. You spent thirteen years fighting me, and what do you have to show for it? Tell me Perseus, was it worth it?" "Yes." Percy said quietly, his voice hoarse from pain. "It was worth it." "Why? Why would you keep fighting as friend after friend dies around you." Kronos sounded like he actually cared about the answer. "Because ... we had to try. We had to at least try to save innocents, and rescue gods. We had to try to make things ... the way they should have been." "The way they should have been." Kronos snorted. "You led us here! You might not have made the choice, but you could have done something differently to save them all. Except you didn't." Kronos's voice went quieter here, gloating. "You failed." "Maybe I did fail. Maybe I did get everything wrong. But I like to think that I learned from my mistakes. I certainly enjoyed blowing up your fortress when I left Hyperion's tender care." Percy said spitefully. Kronos glared frostily at him before swinging his scythe over his head and straight down into Percy's stomach, the tip embedding itself in the floor. Percy's back arched in agony, but he stubbornly refused to scream. "You haven't achieved anything, Perseus. You have thrown your friends lives," Kronos cruelly twisted the scythe, and Percy screamed as it sent waves of unimaginable pain through him. "Your life, away for nothing. Once Olympus fell, you were never going to win. You were only drawing out the inevitable." Kronos stopped twisting the scythe, and Percy shuddered. "You haven't achieved anything, Percy Jackson." Kronos said, his face impassive. "In a hundred years, what will there be left of you? You might as well have never existed. Nothing will change. I will still rule, and everyone you care about will still be dead." Kronos twisted the scythe even further, and Percy screamed in agony again. Kronos lifted the scythe free and the only sound in the room was Percy's harsh breaths as he tried to control the pain. His hands moved to cover the wound that was spilling his lifeblood on the floor. "You're going to die, Percy Jackson. You're going to die knowing that you've failed, that you can never win. And when you're gone, I'll attack the Underworld with my full might