Disclaimer: Not mine. Mostly. They had reached the Doors of Death. A cause for celebration, Percy supposed, only it was a little hard to celebrate with a horde of monsters out for your blood. Tartarus had stripped away the Death Mist that had been their only means of hiding from monster eyes. Now, they could been seen by the army, and they weren't happy. After all, a number of them had been killed by Percy himself, on his various quests and during the Battle of Manhattan. Now they wanted to return the favour. Percy couldn't say he blamed them, really. He'd be pretty pissed off too, if someone not even a fraction as old as you went and sent you back to hell every decade or so, where you were stuck until you were lucky enough to get a chance to climb out of the pit. Bob and Damasen were fighting Tartarus, and Percy knew that they could not keep it up for long. Tartarus wasn't even at full strength in that form, but he was still far more powerful than the gods. He was, after all, a primordial. They were in a different league altogether. Annabeth was by his side, fighting against the monsters that were brave enough to charge. Percy saw that the monsters on his side were preparing to attack. He focused his senses and reached out with his powers. At the monsters' feet, a red vein in the ground burst open, spraying the monsters with liquid fire from the Phlegethon. The firewater might have healed mortals, but it didn't do the monsters any favours. The burst vein healed itself, but nothing was left of the enemy except a row of scorch marks. "Annabeth!" Percy yelled. "You have to leave! Get in the elevator and go. I can hold the button." "No!" Annabeth yelled back. "I'm not leaving you here. You deserve to see your family again." "Annabeth. Even if we both make it out of Tartarus, we won't be together for very long. You know what Akhlys did." And indeed, Annabeth did know. Akhlys had poisoned Percy. Bob had managed to delay the effects, but the damage was irreversible. Percy would be dead within the week. Not even Apollo himself could save Percy now. "I won't leave you." Annabeth stubbornly shook her head, all the while dodging the attack of an empousa and striking out with her knife, turning the monster to dust. "I'm a dead man walking, Annabeth. At least let me make sure that you get to live." Percy begged, absentmindedly killing a couple of hellhounds that got too close. A loud boom distracted them as Tartarus hit Bob and Damasen in one fell swoop. They landed not far from Percy and Annabeth. Together they wearily staggered upright and made their way over to the two demigods. "We weakened him." Damasen puffed. "But it is not enough." Bob huffed. "Annabeth needs to get in the elevator." Percy said. "Bob, Damasen, you two should go with her." Damasen stared at Percy. "To do so is to seal your fate, demigod. You will die." "I'm dying anyway." Percy replied ruthlessly. "My fate is sealed. But yours is not. You deserve to have a life in the world above. I can keep Tartarus and the monsters occupied for twelve minutes while you get out." "No. I'm not going." Annabeth objected. "Are you sure, Percy?" Bob asked. Percy nodded once. "Then we will go." Damasen answered for the both of them. "Take Annabeth with you." Percy told them. They nodded. Damasen touched his hand to Annabeth's forehead and Annabeth instantly slumped forward into unconsciousness. Bob slung her over his shoulder and they both went into the elevator. "Bob, Damasen." They looked at Percy with sympathy in their eyes. "If the Olympians try to send you back to Tartarus or punish you in some other way, tell them that as a reward for my part in the Giant war, I want the amnesty that was granted to the peaceful titans at the end of the Titan war to be extended to you two as well. Without you, we would not have survived, and the Doors of Death would still be open." Damasen nodded, and Bob was crying. "Bye, guys. Tell Annabeth that I love her for me, would you?" Without waiting for an answer, Percy hit the up button, and continued to hold it. In his head, Percy was steadily counting down the twelve minutes, though the doors should vanish from Tartarus as soon as they opened in the mortal world, as long as Nico and the others had managed to cut the chains there as well. Percy hoped they had. Fighting became a blur to Percy. He sustain more injuries than he would have normally, being unable to roll away from an opponent without taking his finger off of the button. Tartarus sat by and watched, apparently content in the knowledge that Percy would die long before the twelve minutes were up. After what felt like an eternity of fighting, Percy was bone tired. He had sustained numerous and possibly life-threatening wounds, but the pain was a blur to him, something to be ignored. His vision had shrunk, so that all that he could see was what was right in front of him. All Percy was aware of was the fight, and the burning need to keep the up button pressed down. His heart was pounding, and he knew that he wouldn't last much longer. Suddenly, the monsters all backed off, and Tartarus moved forward into Percy's line of sight. He had shrunk down to human size. "Well done, little hero. I have to admit that I didn't think you would last this long. Eight minutes have passed since you pressed the button to send your little friends to the surface." Tartarus spoke, his voice hollow. Hope swelled inside Percy. He had lost track of how long it had been a while ago, but eight minutes sounded about right. He only had to hold on for four more minutes. "I will do you a deal, little demigod." Tartarus said demigod with the same disdain one would associate with insects. "What deal?" Percy asked. His throat was dry. He needed water. Water. An idea began to form. A stupid, reckless idea that would probably get him killed. But that was okay, so long as it got him killed after Annabeth and the others were out. "I will not let the monsters attack you for the remaining four minutes." "Uh, that's great ..." Percy couldn't help but wonder what the catch was. "So that I can attack you." "Not so great." Percy muttered. Still, at least it tied in well with his plan. "I accept." "Wonderful. You will have the honour of being killed by Tartarus personally." Tartarus lumbered forward, swinging his fist. Percy focused on the ground again, and made the vein explode. Cold water from the river Cocytus engulfed Tartarus for a brief second, making him stagger back, just a bit. Three minutes fifty seconds. Percy's internal clock told him. "You think that my own blood can harm me, silly demigod?" Tartarus laughed, or Percy assumed it was laughter, because it sounded something like falling rocks. Percy was already refocusing, thinking of water, of the sea as he replied to the primordial's jab. "No." Percy muttered. "I just needed a distraction." The water is within me, he thought. Three minutes forty seconds remaining. Percy wasn't going to lose track of the time again. "What do you mean?" If Percy didn't know better, he would have said Tartarus looked uncertain. "Demigod?" Percy reached inside himself, remembering the waves and the currents, the endless power of the ocean and let it loose in one scream. He put all his power into that scream, fuelled by his emotions, increasing the power of the blast. His despair at being forced into a second war, so soon after the first. His anger at the unfairness of it all, that he and his friends had to fight and risk dying all over again, because the gods couldn't fight. His love for his family, for Annabeth, for Camp Half-Blood, which motivated him to fight in the first place. His desire to settle down with Annabeth, have a life with her in New Rome, even if that would now never happen. His wish to see the gods become better, fairer, so that they would not ignore their children or see enemies where there are none. But most of all, his hope. His hope that this sacrifice was not in vain, that closing the Doors of Death would help the demigods to win the war. Hope that peace would come to the mythological world, that his friends would be happy again. A tidal wave, a whirlwind of power exploded out of Percy, just as it did at Mount St Helens, only this time he was in control. Instead of it pushing Percy upwards, as it did before, he stayed still, and the water rushed out. Straight into Tartarus and his horde of monsters. Most of the monsters died as soon as the water reached them from the sheer force of the explosion. Tartarus himself was pushed back, the waves bearing him far away from Percy. Three minutes thirty seconds left. Percy stemmed the flow of water rushing out of him. He needed to pace himself, so that he could stay conscious to hold the button. But it was so hard, all he wanted to do was to sleep in the oceans' embrace. NO! He forced himself to keep his eyes open, to stay awake. Annabeth's face flashed in front of his eyes. If he let go of the button now, then she wouldn't make it to the mortal world. He didn't know where she would be exactly, but he doubted it would be healthy. Three minutes fifteen seconds. His hand started to slip off of the button, but he recovered just in time. He felt tears prick against his eyelids. I can't do this. The pain of his wounds began to catch up with him, and his arms trembled under the strain. Water still flowed from him, but keeping it up was becoming a struggle. Percy did the only thing he could think of. Father, help me. Three minutes. Percy slumped against the Doors. He focused all his attention on the sea, but despite that, the water came more slowly. I've failed. "Percy?" Percy's head shot up and he was confused by double vision. He could see Tartarus through the water he was pulling from inside himself, but he could also see another place. His father's throne room in Atlantis. "Father? But the gods ... Tartarus. I thought -" The sea god's form flickered briefly to Neptune before settling on Poseidon again. "Calm down, Percy. It's true that we gods have no power in Tartarus. I don't know how we are talking. What have you done?" "I -" Percy felt like his chest was filled with cement. "The water ... like Mount St Helens." Poseidon nodded. "Makes sense. The ocean is a part of you, but it is me. You carry a piece of me in you. When you pulled all that saltwater out of yourself, you gave me a foothold in Tartarus. When you prayed for my help, you created a connection. That's how I am able to talk to you." Two minutes forty seconds. "My friends, how are they?" Percy asked slowly. "Fine. They're fine. The daughter of Pluto and the son of Hephaestus are waiting on the mortal side to help Annabeth. They've cut the chains, so the Doors will move as soon as Annabeth leaves the elevator." He hesitated. "And you'll be stuck in Tartarus." "That doesn't matter." Percy shifted slightly, and winced in pain. "The Doors of Death must be closed from both sides. The elevator ... someone has to hold the up button on the control panel for twelve minutes, otherwise