Disclaimer:Professor Tolkien owns the characters, all events and locations in this short story. However, the two main characters (Mjuriel and Perenduin) are created by me (2008) Mjuriel and Perenduin: Acquaintance (Love story in the White City) This story began in the Third Age of Middle-Earth when the Darkness hasn't spread all over the world yet. The White City of Gondor, though near to the Shadow, was still safe. However, as safe as a moth may be when it is flying to the fire... The citizens were hoping that the guards of the Citadel would protect them come what may and the nobles were preparing either to the siege or to death if the worst occurred – fleeing was not discussed, as this would be shame for anybody who cared about reputation. * * * ...Mjuriel Amrodel of Gondor went out to the balcony of her room. The sun was rising in the east, lighting up the mountains around and the valley ahead. "Another reception tonight... Again! Why celebrating when danger is so near? Same faces, same conversations... But there may be some guardians invited, bringing the news about Osgiliath or Rohan..." Her heart was filling with hope, though on her face sadness laid. Alone. So alone! Her twenty-fifth spring – and still, no one dared yet to talk to her more than a moment, let alone invite her to dance or hold her hand. Her father's character, his glory and position in the society prevented young men to seek Mjuriel's company. It was told that Lord ArsaelAmrodel was hard to make glad – no man considered he good enough to be with his daughter. She was his only child and his precious, he only wanted the best for her (what father would not?) However, he did not pay attention at her wishes and hopes. Mjuriel's mother Lady Mereniel would not do anything against Lord Amrodel's will – her role in family was minor, although she was herself from one of the noblest Gondor's houses. It was breaking her heart to see her daughter suffering in silence, but what could be done to change it? In the evening festivities have started. The house of Amrodel was full with nobles and guardians who were sitting at the round table in the great hall drinking wine and discussing the matters of Gondor. Steward Denethorwas also there, but his sons not present – Faramir was sent with a mission to Osgiliath, and Boromir had disappeared – no news was coming from him already for months. After dinner it was announced that dances are to begin. For Mjuriel, however, it was not a reason for joy – in vain was she looking around for anyone who would ask her to join in a dance, though many young men were gazing at her with admiration and were bowing deeply when she was passing by. For she was, indeed, beautiful. She had dark brown wavy hair and green eyes, was neither short nor tall, walking with grace among the guests. Tonight she was wearing her favorite deep violet dress with silver ornaments which reminded of the frost on the windows in winter. She was standing by the wall, looking at dancing people when suddenly... "My Lady?" Mjuriel felt as if struck by a lightning – there was a man standing next to her, asking her something and he did not have the intention to leave. Her eyes widened in surprise, yet she was curious what would happen next. "My Lady, let me introduce myself. Captain Perenduin of Gondor, at your service". "Captain?" she caught a breath before answering because her heart was now beating faster, this experience was new to her. "I beg your pardon, if I am distracting you, my lady" continued the man. "But I noticed that something is troubling you. Such deep sadness on such beautiful face..." he was looking right into her eyes and she felt a bit confused. Mjuriel did not know what to answer, though she realized that it was up to her now to send this stranger away or... "Captain... Perenduin, you said? I haven't had the chance to see you at our palace before. Are you new here in Gondor? You are also not yet accustomed with the rules of this house..." she replied, smiling politely. "Your way of talking is most strange, I find. It requires much courage addressing somebody you have not been introduced properly to". "I am deeply sorry if I offended you, my lady" captain Perenduin said. "I dare not stay longer if my presence is annoying". Mjuriel was expecting this. Courage... But what else? Attention to her wish, though she has not pronounced it aloud? Obedience? She was looking at the captain with interest now. Probably in his forties, dark-haired, wearing fashionable costume in Gordon colors (dark-blue and silver). A finest sword on the left she noticed... All in his look was pointing at a noble man, yet it was something in his manner and speech that was a riddle for her. "Do not leave yet, Captain. You are the first man who addressed to me this evening. I admire courage – but most of men here, however fearless they are, would not try to talk to me" she sighed. "I am Lady Mjuriel Amrodel, daughter of Lord Arsael". Captain Perenduin bowed deeply. "I am most delighted to make your acquaintance, my lady. I was not fully enjoying the evening until I saw you" he said with a smile that made her heart beat in sudden joy. No one was talking to her like that before and she was as if under charm of his words and appearance. "But what is going on with me?" she thought. "Where does this feeling come from?" "May I ask you to dance with me, Lady Mjuriel? That would be an honor" captain Perenduin was offering her the hand. Could she refuse? Not tonight. The music, candle-light, the atmosphere – the world looked different now to her and she smiled to him and agreed. * * * Such acquaintance, however out of the court rules it was, transformed into something special. Captain Perenduin asked Lady Mjuriel if he could see her again and after a while it turned into meetings nearly every week. The two were keeping it as a secret, because Lord Amrodel would not be content finding out that his daughter was seeing someone without his approval and such he would hardly give. But why the captain had not asked for this? Did he like the sense of danger that was in the air during meetings with Mjuriel? We do not know. A year passed. It was a quiet April evening – the sky was turning black and the first stars started to appear. Mjuriel was standing on the city wall, enjoying the fresh air coming from the gardens of Minas Tirith – the flowers were blooming early this year. She was waiting for Perenduin - tonight he was late which gave her a reason to worry. Soon it would be dark and she should had already been at home – her father, however busy he always was with Gondor issues, would surely notice that she was not present for dinner. Somebody touched her shoulder. She turned around and saw Perenduin, smiling at her and bowing deeply. Her face was as if lighted by the sun. She smiled back and made a curtsey. "My lady, I am sorry for making you wait. An urgent business delayed me". "I am glad you came, Captain". Mjuriel blushed a bit – she could not deny that she was worrying about Perenduin and thinking about him more than actually necessary if you consider somebody a friend. "My lady, there is something I need to tell you. It is very important and I hope you will hear me out". "You have my attention" she smiled encouragingly. "Let us walk a bit ahead. I know a place where nobody can distract us". Mjuriel looked at Perenduin with suspicion. "You have nothing to fear, my lady. You are well protected when I am around". They walked down the street and Perenduin led her to a small house, which was his very own. He did not invite Mjuriel inside but asked if they could stay in the garden - the evening was not the one to waste. She gladly agreed. While they were walking among the fruit trees and shrubs, Perenduin was keeping silence. He seemed to be nervous. Suddenly he stopped and knelt before Mjuriel. She did not expect this and looked at him in astonishment. "My lady... I cannot wait any longer, I must tell you how I feel. Since we met, my life has changed – there was never a day when I was not thinking of you... To see you, to be around you is such a pleasure..." He took Mjuriel's hand and kissed it softly, remaining on his knees. "Captain, this is a bit... unexpected. I did not know..." "My lady... Mjuriel, my dear, my one and only! My only wish is to be with you forever. I love you!" Perenduin rose from the knees and embraced Mjuriel passionately. She glanced into his eyes. Admiration, love and hope. "I love you, too, Perenduin" she whispered, blushing. All her worries about future were forgotten now – there was finally somebody who cared of her and loved her... Such turn of events she did not imagine even in her dreams. But what would the future bring? She sighed. Captain noticed her uneasiness. "My lady? Is something troubling you?" He was holding her in his arms. "What a delight!" she thought. Mjuriel made herself smile. "There is no need to be formal... now. I'd be glad if you called me just by my name – no titles". "But then, Mjuriel, you will have to call me by my name as well" he said and winked as if he was just a boy and not a guard of the Citadel. "I will!" she said, her heart filling with joy. "Perenduin... There is something I need to tell you. I am worrying, you are right". She looked around as if afraid of something. "You know my father. He will not allow us to be together. This is what makes me sad, when at the same time I am the happiest woman in Gondor". She smiled, looking in captain's eyes. Perenduin stroke her hair and kissed her on the forehead. "Mjuriel, I will do everything I can and much more in order to be with you! I've been looking for you so long! Tomorrow I will see your father". * * * The morning of the next day was chilly and gloomy. The sky was covered with clouds, it would rain any minute. Captain Perenduin arranged the audience with Lord Arsael (since he had some connections within the city, it was granted to him fast). But still he had to wait for a couple of hours before he could enter the library of the house of Amrodel. Captain bowed to Lord Arsael who, in some way, had now the strings of Perenduin's destiny in his hands. "My Lord, I thank thee for taking time for this conversation. Thee are of course very busy, so I shall announce the reason of my coming instantly. I was in thy house last year and made acquaintance of your daughter, Lady Mjuriel. I am desperately in love with her since then and I am here to ask for her hand in marriage". Lord Arsael's face remained unchanged. Was he surprised or shocked, nobody could say – this man was not the one who showed his emotions. "So you seek Mjuriel's hand? Do you consider yourself good enough for her? Brave you may be, Captain – indeed have the stories of your deeds reached my ears, but how do I know if you are worthy? My daughter is my precious, my only child... It is me who shall decide about