A/N First, I want to say thank you and give credit to Certh, who alerted me to some details that needed revision. I have gone through and fixed everything (I think) that was brought to my attention. So this is a revised form of the first chapter. thank you again Certh! My original idea was to show most of this in flashbacks but I figured that would get A.) annoying Or B.) confusing. There will still be flash backs later on in the story concerning Madril and some with Denethor and/or Boromir. I knew I had to tell how Audra and Éomer met. I am hoping that this isn't too cliché. Anyway, as you have probably noticed, this is an Éomer/OC fic, although Boromir and Faramir are in the story as well. I do hope you will give it a chance. This begins before the War of the Ring and continues during and after the War. I also don't follow tradition in the sense that a woman should never leave the city alone, but Audra isn't perfect, either and can still get herself into trouble and not be able to get out of it single handedly. Please read and review. This is only my second LOTR fic. Movie Verse for the most part as well. Happy Reading! Disclaimer: All characters and places in Middle Earth except Audra and Hravan belong to JRR Tolkien. Those two belong to me. Pain coursed through her body as she hit the hard ground. The tall dry grass did nothing to soften her fall. Not that much could soften a fall from a galloping horse. She somehow managed not to hit her head on the large rock that lay just mere inches from her face. Getting up and dusting herself off, she cursed out loud. Her whole body ached. She took a step toward the direction that she thought her horse had run off in and regretted putting weight on her left leg immediately. She cursed again. She would never make it back to Minas Tirith at this rate. She sat down on the rock that could have easily been her undoing, and looked at the vast, rock littered, grassy plains that surrounded her. Had she really rode all the way into the heart of Rohan? She knew she had been riding for a long time, but not long enough to make it this far. At least not that she remembered. Then there was the added fact that even in the open plain she couldn't spot Hravan anywhere. "That's just wonderful," she muttered to herself. She pulled her left foot towards her and began the slow, painful process of taking off her boot. She was dressed in attire that was similar to that of the Ithilien Rangers of Gondor, the tunic being a dark green, her breeches a dark brown. Around her waist was a black leather belt that held a dagger, a sharpening stone in a leather pouch, and a broadsword. At long last, she was able to remove her brown colored boot. Her ankle was beginning to swell and it had already turned a dark shade of purple. "Wonderful. What else could possibly go wrong today?" She groaned and lay back on the large rock, resting her leg on her right knee, so as to elevate it, and her arms shielding her eyes from the bright midday sun. She didn't know how long she had been laying there like that when the sound of approaching hoof beats caught her attention. She sat up at the sound of a male voice. "Do you always ride with only one boot on?" "Excuse me?" She looked up into the face of a young man as he dismounted from his dapple grey horse. He moved to stand in front of her, blocking the sun from part of her face. "Usually when you go for a ride you have two boots on, versus only the one." "I had both boots on, for your information." She held up her boot to show him. "Hravan got spooked or something and I fell off." No way was she going to tell this stranger that she had fallen asleep or blacked out. She held her hand up to shield her eyes from the sun as she looked up at him. It was only then that she realized that he had two horses with him. The grey to which he was holding the reins, and a solid black horse that had it's reins draped across the grey's neck. The man had found her horse. "Hravan!" Momentarily forgetting about her swollen, painful ankle, she stood and immediately sat back down with a hiss of pain. The man dropped the reins to his horse and bent down next to her. "Are you alright?" She met his eyes. "No, not really." She watched him run his hand through his shoulder length blonde hair. "May I take a look at it?" he asked hesitantly. "Yes, please." He reached for her ankle and took her leg gently into his gloved hands. She studied him as he examined it. He was obviously from Rohan. His light armor said as much. It was detailed with two horse heads facing away from each other in a deep red leather. The sword that was on his belt had two horse heads twisting around the blade at the top of the hilt. The tip of the hilt also had horses etched into it. She then moved her eyes to his face. He looked to be around her age of sixteen, maybe a couple of years older, and had a scruffy sort of beard and mustache on his face. His features made him very handsome, in a rugged sort of way. "Can you move it at all?" he asked. "A little bit but not much without it hurting a lot." "Well in that case it's probably not broken. Wiggle your toes." She did so with little pain. "That's a good sign. Means your foot isn't injured as well." "That's good. I guess." "Yes, it is." He gave her a kind smile that lit up his face. "Let me grab a bandage. I have some in my saddle bags." He gently laid her leg back down and stood. She took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. Her ankle was throbbing. He returned with bandage in hand and set back down. "This may hurt a bit." "It can't hurt much more than it already does," she grumbled. He smiled again. "I'm going to have to wrap it kind of tight. It will help with the swelling." She nodded. "Alright." As he began his work, she said, "Thank you." He glanced up briefly then returned to her ankle. "For this, and finding Hravan." "It's not a problem. I figured his rider was somewhere nearby. It took me a few minutes to catch him, but I got him eventually." He pulled the bandage a little tighter than he meant to and she winced. "Sorry." "It's ok." He smiled again but didn't look up. "I am Éomer son of Éomund." Éomer took a second to look at her, taking in her dark red hair and Gondorian Ranger like uniform, he asked, "You are not from Rohan, are you?" "No, Gondor. I am Audra." "You are quite a ways from home then, my lady." He tied the bandage off. "There. You are all set." "Thank you." She smiled sheepishly and looked away from him as she realized who he was. "My lord," she added. He was King Théoden's nephew. "Please call me Éomer. We are not in any formal setting. And I hate formalities," Éomer said with a smile. "Then please call me Audra." "As you wish." Again the radiant smile. He stood and held out his hand. She took it and with Éomer's assistance, stood. "How does that feel?" "Extremely sore still. I think the pressure is helping a little, though." "Good. Do you think you can ride?" He draped her arm around his shoulders, helping her balance. Thinking about how temperamental Hravan could be, she shook her head. "No, I don't think so. At least not Hravan. And I obviously can't walk," she said with a grimace. She hated feeling useless. He nodded in understanding. "A little on the wild side?" She nodded in response. "You can ride Firefoot then. He is quite gentle. I'll ride Hravan." He paused, thoughtful. "The name sounds Elvish." "It is. It means 'wild one.'" "It suits him," Éomer said with a smirk. "Are you sure you want to ride him? He can be quite a handful." Éomer let out a small laugh. "I don't mind. I spend a fair amount of my free time training young horses, so I am sure I'll be fine. Here, let me give you a leg up. We have a three day ride to Minas Tirith." Audra's mouth dropped open in shock. "Three days?" How had she been gone for three days and not even known it? Madril must be furious, she thought. She wouldn't doubt it if he hadn't even gone to Ithilien with Faramir and Boromir when she hadn't returned. Who was she kidding? Of course he went with them. Éomer looked at her questioningly. "Yes. We are only about half a day's ride to Edoras. Are you alright, Audra?" All the color had drained from her face. She was grasping Firefoot's short mane as if she was trying not to collapse, while balancing on one foot. "Audra?" She shook her head, trying to pass over the shock. "I'm sorry, I just didn't realize that I had been gone for so long." Éomer stepped closer to her, worried. "How could you have not noticed?" "Blind fury will do that to you, I guess. It's a long story," she stated at his worried look. "Okay." He wasn't one to pry. If she wanted to share her story with him, she would, on her own time. "We really should be going. There is only a few hours of daylight left and it gets very cold on the plains at night. We will need to make camp in a more sheltered area, out of the wind." Audra nodded and turned to face Firefoot and allowed Éomer to give her a leg up into the saddle. She gathered her reins, slid her right foot into the stirrup, and waited for him to mount Hravan. The black horse pranced around in tight circle, not allowing the man to mount him. Audra looked at the gelding sternly. "Hravan. Avo drasto, melloneg." At her words, Hravan stood still and allowed Eomer to mount. He gathered his reins and they set off. After a few minutes of silence, Éomer asked, "What did you say to him?" "It means don't be troubled or worried, my friend." She glanced at him. "He likes Elvish for some reason. When I can't get him to listen any other way, it never fails to work." "That's interesting. Has he ever spent time with the elves?" "No, he hasn't. Neither have I in that case. My brother and I spent many hours learning the language, though. While my father and I were training him, he spooked at a flag that had been ripped of it's post in the wind and I just started speaking to him in Elvish. It calmed him down, so I have continued to use it. I didn't mean to speak Elvish at the time but it just came out." "Interesting." They rode on in a comfortable silence for a couple of hours before something occurred to Audra. "You're not going out of your way just to see me back to Minas Tirith, are you?" She would hate it if he was and would feel rather guilty if he had been expected somewhere else entirely. "No, not at all. My uncle actually asked me to relay a message to Lord Denethor." "Well, I hope for your sake that he is in a better mood when you