Scars : Chapter 1 : BPOV(Bella) : Rose-24, Emmett-25, Bella-26, Edward-30, Alice-28, Jasper-24, Carlisle-49, Esme-39, Andrew-15 : Tuesday, December 31 st , 2014. I had heard about Edward Cullen. My friends had warned me to avoid him, I agreed easily; I had given up on men long ago. Not that anything would actually happen between the two of us; especially not today. ''Be careful Bella.'' Rose stressed, slipping on her-or rather, my - cobalt blue high heels. ''If I wasn't marrying his brother, he would have hit on me.'' ''Why are you warning me? What about Alice?'' My hand was already up to my face, I never actually bit my nails off, just bit them. It let me hide behind something; and to hide the shaking of my hand I could only control if I concentrated hard enough. Rose looked stunning, she always did, but today; she was virtually glowing. Her wedding dress hugged her bust, controlled her waist and accentuated her hips by poofing out at the hem; a strip of electric blue lace ran up the side, narrowing at the waist where it got thicker again, back up to her bust-her something blue. The dress was new and the veil that landed on her golden hair was her mothers, her something old. She had borrowed my shoes- which surprised me, I wasn't what you would call fashionable, but she fell in love with the dark blue denim high heels. I thought she would want all white-almost like a fairytale-but she wanted the splash of blue on this one; I was there when she tried it on and it was the best one they had, it fit her. Rose had originally wanted one with some red, but my cousin Alice and I flat out refused. Alice piped up then, adjusting her boobs in her bridesmaid dress, it was the same electric blue as the lace lining on Rose's dress and had a white ribbon around the waist; mine was identical. ''No offence B, but I've known him for years; he's my partner on the force. He's not as bad as Rose say's, maybe you should go for it.'' Alice winked at me, flicking her cropped raven hair from her face; I stared at her red nails, perfectly unchipped, and wondered how she had such perfect fingernails, then realized that it was too much of a first world problem. ''Do you really think that lowly of me? I'd just go off with some guy? I probably won't even run into him.'' I tried to sound serious; to keep a straight face, but my features failed me, allowing me to giggle freely. ''Yes you will.'' Rose said, before grinning wickedly. ''You're maid of honour, he's best man; he's walking you down the aisle honey.'' Fuck my life. ''He can't be that charming, can he?'' I asked, too nervous to even sip my latte; it was awkward too, trying not to leave a lipstick stain around the rim of my cup. ''I heard he's slept with all the females in on the force, and the office workers.'' Alice shared eagerly; she was always the gossiper out of us, though she didn't go looking for it, and didn't say it casually, only when it came up in conversation. ''Yeah?'' I retorted. ''They were probably just lonely, horny people who weren't getting any.'' I dismissed her comment. Alice snorted. ''But half of them are married!'' A look of pure terror crossed her face as she and Rose looked at me, their hair whipping, smiles fading. I looked away from the pricing eyes, avoiding the subject of married people cheating. ''I stick to my original statement.'' I declared firmly, avoiding eye contact. ''They were probably just lonely, horny people who weren't getting any.'' Alice's hazelnut eyes turned mocking. ''Honey, you're a lonely, horny person who isn't getting any.'' She noted calmly, Rose snickered, fidgeting with her silver bangles. ''There's a difference.'' I argued; a smile creeping onto my face. ''Which is?'' Rose asked, touching up her mascara and lipstick; though she didn't need to. I pointed both of my thumbs at myself. ''I'm not a slut.'' Of course I didn't mean it literally; or that if I did sleep with some guy that I would be. Alice and Rose both turned to look at each other, unable to hold it in anymore, they burst into laughter; I chuckled uneasily, I had succeeded in lightening the mood. ''Hey.'' I shouted. ''Ugh, come on Rose, let's do this, its one o'clock- time to get you hitched!'' I cheered, a large grin illuminated her face; making her more striking then she already was. ''I'm getting married.'' She murmured in awe, she blinked back tears and I tried not to cry with her, Rose was not one for showing emotion. ''That is, of course, if Emmett goes through with it.'' I joked lightly, trying to duck out of the way as Rose punched me, but she clipped my arm. That brought me to the thought of Emmett, who was almost twenty-six whilst Rose was twenty four, almost twenty-five. Emmett popped the question when she was twenty-two, they had planned to get married when Rose graduated college- with her engineering degree- but she miscarried on their first child and they postponed it for a year. ''I'm joking.'' I laughed. ''Besides.'' Alice said, reaching for her pink bouquet. ''I'll arrest him if he misses this wedding.'' ''Arrest him for what?'' I wondered, grabbing my bouquet too, if not only to fiddle with it. ''Being a dick.'' She said, rolling her eyes; as if it were obvious. ''If you arrested every man who has ever been a dick there'd be no men left.'' I pointed out, messing with the hem of the ribbon on my dress. ''True.'' She mused; Rose clapped her hands sharply to grab our attention, I didn't look up but imagined her blue eyes sparkling and afraid; while every other feature was marked on looking pissed at us. ''Great now that you two just had the most random fucking conversation ever. I'm late, and not fashionably.'' She snipped; though I glanced at my phone and we still had a while. ''Oh god fine, let's go!'' Alice urged. We had been getting ready at my house. Rose was avoiding her ex, (Royce) who had recently made surprise appearance, trying to get her back, so her house was out for fear of the stalking ex. So was Alice's, her roommate was home and a real pain, honestly, I don't know how Alice put up with Lauren. The woman might crack her face if she smiled, but then again, I wouldn't kid myself into thinking she could smile. So that singled out my house. In true Rose fashion, we were going to travel in a sleek, black limo, a big white bow draped around it. Before we climbed in, Rose ripped the bow off, I stared at her-"Tacky." she explained, I agreed telepathically; only she could be right today. The journey there was filled with champagne and talk about Rose's mystery honeymoon, Emmett hadn't told her where they were going, it was a surprise; but it's always been her dream to travel Europe. While they chattered, my mind wandered to Edward Cullen. Alice knew him first, being two years older than us (also my first cousin and best friend). Alice was on the police force for a year when she got a new partner; Edward Cullen. She raved and ranted about him, there was an office Christmas party on three years ago, Edward brought Emmett, his brother and Alice brought Rose (I was sick and insisted that they go without me) that was where Rose and Em met, it took him two weeks to ask her out and a year to propose. I met Em a month after the party, but I had yet to meet Edward. But I had seen the pictures. His untidy hair, in permanent 'I-just-had-amazing-wild-sex' style; it was bronze, an unusual colour, it reminded me of Alice's mother's color. His eyes were a piercing green that took the bones from my legs and a smirk that I didn't forget ''. . .and I haven't seen him in for years!'' Rose exclaimed, I assumed she was talking about her twin brother, Jasper, who had just finished a tour in Iraq. Ordered home with PTSD, no one knew exactly what happened out there, and I don't think I could handle it. He was glad to be back in New York for the wedding; having been worried he would have to miss it. I knew how much it meant to Rose and Emmett; who already thought Jasper to be a brother. Though him coming home with PTSD scared me some, what might trigger it? Loud sudden noises? Fireworks, explosions, or simple scars? ''Do you know what sets him off?'' I wondered, my voice barely a whisper, I had a lot of bad luck; I was like a black cloud of destruction. They both turned to look at me, Alice scooted down the seats and wrapped her arms around me. ''Your fringe is so secure in place, and it's covered, you barely notice it, honestly.'' I sniffled, placing my hands on Alice's arm, looked up at Rose and blinked back tears. ''I'm sorry.'' I muttered. ''I didn't mean to. . .'' I wasn't sure how to continue, ruin this day by turning it into a Bella sob fest? She cut me off anyway. ''Bella, I think you are perfect, you know that, right? And, I really wouldn't suggest this if I didn't have to, but you're hurting, honey, let me pay for. . .'' ''No.'' My voice was cold, uncaring; even if I knew she suggested this for me and maybe I would have been more grateful if I hadn't contemplated it a million times over, now even the mention of it just got to me. ''I don't think you need it, but I want you to feel confident, comfortable.'' She assured me. ''You two are the nicest, well maybe not nice really, but if you were nice you wouldn't be my bridesmaids. You're decent people, funny and you recognize when enough is enough. I don't think you need it, but I think you think you do; you just won't admit it to yourself.'' ''Maybe.'' I allowed, or maybe I've already admitted it to myself but don't want to speak of it. It would have been easier to just have laser surgery for the scar; but I think I want to keep it as a reminder. She nodded, understanding. The limo came to a stop, but my mind reminded me of all those horror stories of surgery going wrong and I'd rather stay like this, it was only a small scar after all. Alice got out first, followed by me and then Rose, Alice grumbled, 'it goes from least important to most'. There were some people gathered around, gasping and gawking when they saw the dress, the guests made their way back inside, someone informed everyone the bride had arrived and the music began. We entered the church and I found it hard to concentrate when my eyes zoned in on Edward, Rose put me beside him and Alice beside Jasper, after she hugged the air out of him. ''So, Bella, have you met Jasper before?'' Edward's voice was a low hum in my ear, I tried not to think about anything apart from cursing the silk dress to hell, the design meant I couldn't wear a bra. But it was cold, very cold, good enough excuse, though nothing was a good excuse for his staring. ''Yes, once, he came home for Christmas and surprised Rose…'' I trailed off, he wasn't listening anyway. Only staring, but he must have been paying attention to his surroundings because he looped his arm with mine and pulled me along when it was our cue to leave. I ignored the warmth that spread through me when