Don't worry friends, I haven't abandoned The Long Road. This little oneshot has been scratching away at me for weeks so I just had to write it. The story is in the same universe as The Long Road but it takes places quite a few years in the future. In fact it gives a little spoiler of what is to come with my future writings. The story is a little angsty but ultimately ends on a positive note. It is written from the perspective of Katniss and Peeta's youngest child. The writing in italics is a flashback/memory of something that occured. I hope you enjoy! My name is Pippa. To my friends I'm known as Pip. My siblings call me 'Rocket'. To my Dad I'm 'Cookie' or 'Cupcake' or whatever baked goods are on his mind. But to my Mom…well, that's a long story. The thing is, my first name probably doesn't mean much to you. It's pretty ordinary, not overly girly or extravagant like some of the girls in my class. But my last name…well that you might recognise. You see, my full name is Pippa Mellark; third child and second daughter of Katniss and Peeta Mellark. According to Uncle Haymitch my Momma decided years ago that she would never have children. My Dad, on the other hand, longed for them. He dreamed about marrying Momma since he was five years old and pictured himself growing old with her surrounded by children and grandchildren. He never once asked Momma for kids; he respected her decision to remain childless and loved her unconditionally for years. Until one day Momma changed her mind. Haymitch says she got pregnant the first time round to please Dad, but a couple of years later it was Momma who wanted to try for a second baby. My siblings are like miniature versions of my parents. My sister Lily has the same dark hair as our Mom although it's naturally curly so she tends to leave it down instead of in a braid. Her eyes are blue just like Dad's. My brother Archer has Dad's blonde hair and sharp jaw with silver eyes like Mom. They were happy together; a perfect little family of four. That is until Mom got pregnant again. Dad says I was a surprise , not an accident. Lily was seven when I was born, Archer was five. " No flower names," Is what my Momma said when I came into the world; a small, screaming pink lump of a child. So Dad named me Pippa. He never told me why he chose that name or why Mom named my sister after a flower but not me. Apparently I cried a lot in my early years. Dad says he spent many nights rocking me back and forth in the kitchen for hours at a time, trying anything to settle me. " Why doesn't Momma sing her a lullaby?" My sister had asked after a particularly long night when my wailing kept everyone awake until the early hours of the morning. "She used to sing to me and Archer all the time." " Your Momma doesn't feel like singing," Dad replied with a sigh, holding me tightly against his chest. The doctors put it down to post-partum depression; the baby blues. In the first few months after my birth she struggled to cope with day to day living. Uncle Haymitch had to help out with school runs and looked after me while Dad ran the bakery. Momma refused the medication the doctors prescribed. She pretended to eat the food Dad cooked for her, only to throw it in the bin the moment he left the house. Even when things got really bad, Dad insisted he could manage on his own. That's when Uncle Haymitch called my Grandma and she came all the way from District 4 to help. She gave my Momma a stern talking to and made her drink a special herbal tea that smelt like dirt and tasted just as bad. Within a week Momma started to get out of bed in the morning without being prompted and even started to hold me in her arms again. As I grew older I began to feel like the odd one out in our family. Although I have blonde hair too and blue eyes like Dad I don't really look anything like either of my parents. My face is rounder, my nose smaller. And I'm shorter too. Each year on our birthday Dad made us stand with our backs against the door frame so he could measure our height. I'm come up a few inches below the height my siblings were at my age. None of these things would matter much at all if it weren't for Mom. Things between us were strained. Don't misunderstand me; my Mom loves me very much, she tells me so almost every day. She raised me the same way she raised Lily and Archer and never treated me any different. However after her depression lifted there was still something in the way she looked at me. I noticed it even from a very young age. I would catch her watching me with a pained expression. Sometimes in the middle of a conversation her face would blanch and she would disappear upstairs leaving me to wonder what I had done wrong. I never understood. Uncle Haymitch says I was a trouble maker right from the start. He says I didn't bother learning to walk. I just went from crawling to running almost overnight and exhausted my parents daily as they tried to keep up with me. " Peeta, I thought you were watching her!" Momma accused Dad loudly as she stripped me of my soaking wet sundress. My siblings giggled behind me so I whipped my head round, flicking water droplets everywhere, and stuck out my tongue in response to their ribbing. Momma gave me a stern look. My Dad, bent double with his hands resting on his knees, panted heavily. "I was watching her!" He wheezed. " Pippa saw the lake and started running," My sister explained with laughter in her voice. "Daddy tried to catch her but Pippa ran too fast!" I felt pride at being about to outrun my father at the age of four. I didn't understand back then about his leg. " She took off like a rocket!" Dad exclaimed. Even Momma couldn't help but laugh a little. The nickname stuck and as I got older I only got faster. I ran everywhere. I ran to and from school, I ran to town, I ran to the lake. I ran in the house too, knocking over lamps and bumping into doorframes and tables. I was a little accident prone. At age eight I fell out of the old oak tree in the school yard and broke my leg. My friend Coral says I was really brave because I didn't cry. Momma doesn't like hospitals so Dad came down and held my hand as the doctor wrapped my leg in plaster. They said I certainly wouldn't be running anywhere for a while. That's when I cried. To cheer me up the doctor said my cast could be coated in any colour I wanted. Of course I chose my favourite colour; yellow. " We're back!" Dad bellowed as he helped me to hop up the stairs into our house and through to the kitchen. The doctor gave me crutches but I hadn't yet got the hang of them. " Way to go Rocket!" Archer greeted me with a high-five. "Is it broken?" I nodded and offered up my cast covered leg as proof. "In two places," I replied. " Look how bright that thing is!" Lily exclaimed, pointing at my florescent yellow cast. " It's my favourite colour," I replied with a shrug, losing my balance slightly and wobbling on the spot. Lily laughed. " You look like a wobbly duckling," She teased with a wide a smile. "Maybe that'll be your new nickname; little duck!" The sound of glass shattering had us all jumping out of our skin. Momma, who had been washing up at the kitchen sink, was now frozen in place. A broken tumbler lay in pieces around her feet. Dad rushed to her side and began whispering something in her ear. My sister, the smile wiped clean off her face, now looked terribly guilty. " I'm sorry Momma," She apologised tearfully. Momma accepted her apology with a nod. She glanced at me, that familiar look of pain lingering in her eyes, before disappearing upstairs. " Your Momma's not feeling well," Dad had said, sweeping the glass fragments into a dustpan. Just before I turned eleven my parents showed me 'the book'. They told me about the Hunger Games and about their involvement in the war. They didn't tell me all the details of course; just enough to prepare me for when the subject came up at school. Sure enough, that summer in history class Miss Green handed out a new study book called "Faces of the Revolution". None of the kids in class were surprised to see pictures of my parents in that book. Everyone in 12 knows about them; they're sort of famous. However, when Miss Green played a video clip of my mother's reaping the entire class gasped and suddenly all eyes were on me. " Primrose Everdeen!" That was the name called out by the strange multi-coloured woman on the screen. The camera turned to a small girl with blonde hair in two braids and blue eyes that were wide with fear and disbelief, much like my own eyes at that very moment. This girl…looked like me! And apparently my classmates thought the same. Miss Green called for quiet when the whispering got too loud. When the bell rang signalling the end of the school day I stuffed my study book into my back pack and ran home. That night under my bed sheets I read the book cover to cover by torchlight. My parent's story featured heavily, but there was more information than they had originally shared with me. My mother wasn't reaped for the games, she volunteered …to save her sister! A sister I knew nothing about until that day. I silently wondered if my siblings knew, and if they did, why I was never told. But the more I read, the more I began to understand. I was born with the face of a ghost. Momma's sister, my aunt, was a war casualty. The book was vague on details but it listed Primrose Everdeen among the District 13 medics who were killed in an explosion in the Capitol. She was just thirteen years old. " Why did no one tell me?" I had asked Uncle Haymitch the next afternoon, dropping the open book into his lap as he dozed in his rocking chair. He had groaned and dragged a hand through his thinned out grey hair. " You'll have to be more specific, Pip-Squeak," He replied, flicking through the pages of the book with raised eyebrows. " Why did no one tell me that Mom had a sister? Or that she died? Or that I look exactly like her?!" " Those are questions for your parents," Haymitch responded as he closed the book and pulled me onto his lap. "All I can tell ya is that your Mom loved your Aunt Prim more than she had ever loved anyone. She spent her whole life tryin' to keep her safe. When Prim died, your Momma fell apart. Everything she'd ever feared became reality." " Is that why she didn't want kids at first?" I asked curiously. Haymitch simply nodded. I hung my head sadly. "I remind Momma of Aunt Prim don't I…" Uncle Haymitch had nothing else to say. Back at the house I locked myself in the upstairs bathroom with a pair of kitchen scissors. The first snip made my lip wobble and tears prick