Chapter 1: The Most Recent of Scars A/N : Sequel! Ahh! I think I said two weeks last time and its now been like two months. My multi-tasking abilities need work. So I've started a writing course that might affect updates but we'll see. If you've clicked here and haven't read SWR than you probably should start there. Other than that, let me know what you think. R&R. DISCLAIMER: I do not own anything to do with the Hunger Games. I can't see him. I can't see any of them. My vision is filled by a blur of green, leaves, vines and a splattering of moss. At the very least, I should have two of them either side of me, thirsty for my blood. I don't know whether it's good or bad that their not there. I don't know what I should be feeling when there is a distinct absence of cornucopia before me. My heart stammers as I frantically spin around to my left, praying to find something out of the ordinary. A small opening in the trees, a spot on the ground, perhaps a marker in the sky to give me a sense of direction. But of course even the sky has been blocked out. A low robotic voice fills the jungle and counts down the final ten seconds. This doesn't make sense. But then again it does. He knows I was lucky to survive my first games. I know it. And what better way to ensure my death than separating me from the one person who always came running. " And now for a rather stunning find. Our next piece has authentic written all over it. Talk us through it, Petunia" " Thanks Claudius and a big hello to everyone watching on this marvellous day. This next item, as you can see, is one of a kind and worth every penny. It measures in at about two inches, completely intact and comes in this beautiful silk lined box, which features the capitol's stamp of authenticity!" I splutter on a mouthful of hot chocolate as the television screen zooms in on the little red box. " And some background on the piece?" " It was removed and recovered from the arena by a dedicated team of our auctioneers and will be remembered as the one thing that saved the life of victor, Ira Manning. This tiny piece of plastic featured in the final showdown against the female district eight tribute, allowing our victor advantage" A piece of plastic? They actually went back in there to get a piece of plastic. I groan, flopping backwards onto the couch and try to block out the sound of my ex stylist's voice. But I could probably hear her high pitched laughter all the way from the capitol. And I thought absence makes the heart grow fonder. I sit the hot chocolate aside and bury myself further into a cocoon of blankets and pillows. Petunia's appearance in my house is unexpected. I didn't sit down to watch her smile widely into the camera and make over the top hand gestures. It's the first time I've seen her since she fled with Effie and my prep team. Her hair is pink as always. It falls in curls around her face before being lost in a dress made of, if it were possible, even pinker ruffles. I hate pink ruffles. " Indeed, Petunia, this is a unique piece of Hunger Games memorabilia that you would be crazy to pass off. Simply call the number on your screen with your bid and may the odds be ever in your favour" Claudius Templesmith adds the usual catch phase and Petunia waves goodbye. With a break in the auctions, they replay the latest newscasts. The snow storm coming in from the mountains, the upcoming victory tour and of course the induction of Plutarch Heavensbee as Head Gamemaker. They show footage of him shaking hands with Snow. He seems truly excited. If only he knew what he was getting himself into. I rethink that. He probably does. I want to see if they'll mention the events of the past week but they skip forward to Plutarch answering questions from none other than Caesar Flickerman. I scoot forward in my seat to see if they'll mention it but everyone is cautious. I had been waiting to see if they would touch on our previous Head Gamemaker or perhaps addressed the shortages in the capitol. Seneca Crane's death remains unmentioned. It was only a few days ago that his death had actually been revealed. Reports from the capitol all told a similar story. Seneca Crane's body was found dead, sprawled out across his bed, from taking one too many painkillers for a broken nose. They never said how he received that broken nose. A smile threatens to emerge before I remember the man was probably murdered that night. Even though a part of me feels he deserved it, up until then he did seem rather clueless. And now he's dead, not because Cato punched him, but because he made a mistake. It hardly gives me hope that mine would be simply forgotten. And I'm not the only one who stands in the firing line now. Haymitch was there through it all as my mentor. Effie and Petunia were damned by merely being near me, though have since bounced back. I remember Finnick Odair dragging Cato off a bloody Seneca Crane, and of course there's Enobaria and Brutus. The last one I couldn't give a damn about. But then there leaves Cato. The one who could just have easily cut his losses and removed himself from the firing line, as Brutus had put it. I wouldn't have hated him for it. I half expected him to do it that day on the train, but instead he looked me in the eye and asked me to move to District Two with him. The Train (five days earlier) "Come to Two with me" I stare at Cato's mouth for at least a minute. His lips remain set in a thin line. Did he actually just say those words or am I imagining it? After everything that has happened today the latter seems more realistic. He remains silent, looking at me with a strange expression on his face. I've seen it before, in the games, when he begged me to join him and Clove. His hands grow tighter around my own but my brain takes a further minute to kick in. Go to Two with Cato. Live in District Two with Cato. Nope, I think I've finally lost it this time. "What?" I stutter. "Come with me. You'll be safer there. I can keep you safe. I can't do that if you're on the other side of Panem" "Cato. I…" I stop, suddenly very aware of the reality of the situation. Through all of it, I'm the most startled by how completely honest his words are. I'm surprised that Cato would allow himself to say such things. And to me? The pale District Six girl who was lucky to escape the games? Once I've concluded that I'm not the crazy one, I start to doubt Cato. Wasn't it just minutes ago that his mentor was warning him to stay clear of me? That being near me meant possibly ending up like Seneca Crane? Despite the fact that I've never trusted a single word to come out of Brutus' mouth, he has a point. I don't want to risk anyone getting on Snow's bad side, especially Cato. He's done enough for me already. "I'm not promising it will better. I know I'm not in control all of time but it can't be worse than…" "Snow" I interrupt. His eyes to dart towards mine. "I heard you and Brutus. I know we didn't fix things that night" "Brutus doesn't know what he's talking about" There's a long pause where we simply sit in silent. I try contemplating going to Two with Cato. What it would be like? What Cato would be like without the games? I struggle to imagine it because I'm still putting people at risk. "Seneca Crane is dead" Cato states after a while and rakes his hands through his hair. I surprised when a small laugh escapes my lips. As if we were lucky enough to have just the one problem. I can add about a million more to that list. "My prep team left because they're scared to be near me" "My prep team have always been scared to be near me" This time it's his turn to give a small smile and I push his shoulders in annoyance. The sombre mood quickly returns though, as we both draw our attention to the outside window. A large forest of pine trees has emerged with snowy mountains in the background. We'll be in District Two shortly. And I'm not ready for it. "Brutus wants me dead" I say with seriousness, "Snow wants me dead" "They want me dead too" "No they don't. Not yet anyway. Don't you see what will happen if I go to Two? I'll be forcing you into everything. I'm not willing to do that again" "I don't care" Cato says, using my words from the previous night. Didn't I tell him the exact same thing when he said he would lose control again? That's its inevitable. It shocks me and I remember telling myself it didn't matter as long as I was with him. "You do realise what it is you're doing? You haven't been taking morphling or anything because you're stuck with me after this. Like no escape, completely stuck. And I have a tendency to get extremely paranoid and sarcastic… and you've seen the extent of my meltdowns" "Ira. Come to Two with me" He says this with a smirk because secretly he knows I've already made up my mind. I simply smile back, not trusting myself to say any more. I will not be sick. I will not be sick. I repeat the words over and over in my head but it does little to stop the tingling sensation in stomach. One look outside my window and the butterflies swirl uncontrollably. Oh god, please don't let me be sick. "Well, it was a surprise but nothing we can't sort out. You are victors, after all" Oh, why won't this guy shut up? The shiny black car jolts me forward again as it hits another pothole in the road. I reach over; grabbing the side door to steady myself but the driver seems intent on hitting every hole in the lower district. I'm thrown sidewards, hitting Cato who seems to being enjoying my displeasure. I think I might hate District Two already. This is definitely not how they portray it on television. I didn't know there would be such a distinct gap between the workers and the higher ranking citizens. In District Six, we were all workers; we never had a higher class, let alone me being in it. Plus the whole place is crawling with peacekeepers, which gives me the creeps. My eyes find the car's other passenger. A small balding man named Edgar Lynes. If I've read his name tag correctly, he's in charge of property allocation. Apparently he's from the mayor's office as well. "The first of the victor's villages is full but we can put you in the second. How about houses six and seven?" He looks up from a clip board with a pen poised above the paper. He talks so fast that I missed half of what he said. First victor's village? Cato nods his head. "Excellent. The second village is in a prime location and houses our more…" Edgar pauses searching for the right word. I could think of few words to describe District Two's past victors. "… Popular of victors" Edgar finishes and I resist the urge to scoff. The car speeds past a peacekeeper's station at a frightening