Author's Note: This story begins in year six, during the Half-Blood Prince. I have done extensive research for this fic, and I truly hope it shows. This chapter will stick to the original story as much as possible; you'll know when this changes. Parts of THIS CHAPTER may feel rushed, as I do not want to write chapters from the actual book on here (HELLO copyright infringement!), but there will be summaries so you know what part of the book everything is taking place. (Hope that made sense….) The rest of the chapters will not be so boring lol -.-.- Harry was just exiting Dumbledore's office after witnessing Katie Bell being cursed with a strange, dark necklace. It had been a very peculiar day, and it only got more bizarre when the Headmaster had asked for Harry to send Hermione to his office. Entering the Great Hall during a Hogsmeade weekend was eerie. With most students visiting the nearby village, the vast room was much less vibrant and boisterous. Harry spotted his two friends at the Gryffindor table, picking at the food on their plates half-heartedly. He took a seat next to Hermione, across from Ron. Secluded from the other Gryffindors, whom mostly consisted of first and second year students, Harry didn't feel the need to whisper. "Dumbledore wants to speak with you, Hermione," he said, grasping a nearby goblet of pumpkin juice. The odd looks he received made him shrug. Harry explained what he and Professor Dumbledore had spoken of, sure not to leave anything out. When he finished, Hermione excused herself and made her way to the gargoyle guard. She didn't know the password; she could count the number of times she had been to the Headmaster's office, and as any protected room would be, the password would have changed from the last she knew it to be. "Acid Pop? Canary Cream? Fudge Flies? Ice Mice? Pixie Puffs?" At last, the gargoyle sprang to life, permitting her entrance to the grand office. The door was slightly ajar, and she wasn't sure if she should knock. Deciding he was expecting her, she slipped into the Headmaster's office. Upon entering, she noticed Dumbledore was pacing a wicked track into the stone floor. Shoe scuffs had made worn-marks on the spot in front of his Pensieve, and Hermione was sure he had gone through several pairs of shoes this way. His warm purple robes billowed behind him, his white beard tucked into his belt and he stroked his chin in deep thought. Hermione caught a look of worry in his normally-twinkling eyes. As he turned to repeat the steps he just made, she quietly cleared her throat. "Oh, Miss Granger! So glad you could join me at such short notice. Please, do sit down." He said, extending his hand towards the seat in front of his desk. Hermione complied at his request, and he sat in front of her, holding a Sugar Quill in his hand. "Would you like anything, Miss Granger? Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Bean? Licorice Wand?" he offered. She smiled politely and declined. "No thank you, Professor. I don't think-… I don't think I could possibly stomach anything at a time like this." She said, nervously. Poor Katie , she thought. "Harry said you wanted to speak with me?" The elderly man nodded, seeming almost grim. "Yes, Hermione, I do. It appears we need to have a discussion." The bushy-haired girl waited for him to elaborate. Had she done something wrong? Did Dumbledore know about Harry's dangerous Potions book and, in turn, know who it belonged to? With a thousand questions running through her mind, the Headmaster finally spoke again. "Miss Granger, you are a Gryffindor. While you are incredibly brilliant as a Ravenclaw, and as loyal as a Hufflepuff, the Sorting Hat chose Gryffindor. I have no doubt that it chose correctly, and I must ask if you feel the same." Hermione had thought of this many times in her years at Hogwarts; through all her experiences, good and bad, surely the Sorting Hat was right? Studying immensely, standing by her friends… None of it measured up to the bravery she must harness inside her? "Professor, I don't understand why this is suddenly a topic of discussion-" "Please, Hermione, indulge an old man for a moment, won't you?" he said, the twinkle in his blue eyes returning behind those half-moon glasses, a smile forming on his wrinkled face. She nodded, "Yes, sir. I-" she paused, needing to organize her thoughts before opening her mouth again. "I have always wondered what the Sorting Hat saw in me. Then again, other students must hold qualities of other houses as well? I think the wise old Hat knows what it's doing. It knows its job." She finished, content with her choice of elaboration. Dumbledore's smile grew, "I'm glad you say that, Miss Granger." His lips slowly, slowly faded into a thin line. He sighed, hoping never to have to elaborate on this subject ever again. "I must ask something of you, Hermione, and I do hope you will not reiterate this to anyone." A shock ran through her, and she knew what he meant. Tell no one? Not Harry? Not Ron? A secret from the two people she trusted most in the world… With the quiet seeping into her, Hermione nodded. "Yes, Professor. I will repeat this to no one." The Headmaster closed his eyes, softly sighing through his nose. The Sugar Quill in his fingers becoming an annoyance and he set it down atop a stack of parchment. His voice was slow, soft, and dripping with worry. "There may come a time when I ask something of you. I may ask something very, very difficult. I need to know-" he stopped, gathering his logic, "I need to know if you will do it. Do you trust me, Hermione? Do you trust a weary old man, at his wits end, and do what needs to be done? No matter the task? No matter the consequences?" Hermione felt as though she couldn't breathe. She was drowning, she was sure of it. Her blood was like ice coursing through her veins, and Hermione wondered if this was how Harry felt after a meeting with Dumbledore. Mouth gaping, she quickly shut it to keep from looking like a fish. It must be something he can't trust Harry with…but why can't he trust Harry? What would keep Harry from being the one to do this task? And then logic hit her. Death. If Harry dies, she will be the one to continue the mission, whatever the mission was. "You are the only one who could do it. You are the only one smart enough to figure out the best course of action, logical enough to put your feelings aside to get it right, and although I am sure young Mister Weasley would do his best, I cannot fully be sure he would do it right." Dumbledore added, hoping to get some sort of response. Hermione swallowed her fear and gathered her Gryffindor courage. "Of course, Professor. I would do anything you ask of me. I trust you." She said simply. A sad smile formed on the Headmaster's lips and he nodded. "I knew I could count on you, Miss Granger. I know-" he sighed again, more tired now, "I know this is very cryptic and confusing, and I truly hope I never have to touch this topic again. I hate to put such pressure on you, and Harry as well of course, but the world needs to escape this havoc and destruction. It has been far too long since this world has known true peace. "I wish I could do it myself," he continued, "but I am only a man, after all, and an old one at that." His blue eyes had lost the twinkle again, and the silence was deafening. Questions buzzed through Hermione's mind, but none of them would sit still long enough for her to voice them. She swallowed her fear and confusion, for now. Dumbledore cleared his throat and stood, a forced smile forming on his tired face. "No more of this cagey conversation, I'm sure you have something better to be doing. But please, if you ever feel the need to speak to someone, I do hope you will come to me. My doors are always open. Figuratively speaking, of course." He said, his eyes twinkling once more. Hermione understood a dismissal when she saw one, and stood up to leave. At the door, Dumbledore politely reminded her of one thing. "Remember, Miss Granger. This conversation is to be kept private." She turned to him and nodded silently before exiting. -.-.- Weeks went by and time was filled with homework, studying, Quidditch, and Harry's obsession with Draco Malfoy's strange behavior. A few days after New Year's, Dumbledore asked Harry to retrieve a memory from the Potions professor. The rest of January and all of February passed with little excitement, and when March finally set in, things were getting dark. The Hogsmeade weekend set for Ron's birthday had been canceled. The only interesting events occurring were Apparition lessons. On March 1st, a small stack of presents were opened by Ron, including a watch from his parents and new Quidditch gloves from Harry. While the raven-haired boy studied the Marauder's Map, Ron had begun enjoying a box of chocolates, and suddenly he was obsessed with Romilda Vane. The fact that it was a Saturday, Harry had to wake Slughorn for help. A quick antidote, followed by a drink to Ron's birthday, and the three men found themselves in quite a trite. Ron was on the floor, contorting in unnatural ways, foam puddled in his mouth before dripping out the sides. Ron was still in the Hospital Wing when the Quidditch match against Hufflepuff occurred. Harry cracked his skull and the Gryffindor team lost, 320 to 60. -.-.- The weather was beginning to turn, and Harry could feel the beginnings of summer approach. While Ron avoided any female that even looked like Lavender, a tearful letter came, and Hagrid's scrawled handwriting shared the news of Aragog's death. Harry, taking a swig of the Felix Felicis he won in the first Potions class of the year, went to the funeral that evening. He ran into Professor Slughorn on the way, attempting to swipe some leaves of a plant from the Herbology greenhouses, and they attended the burial together, offering Hagrid another body to lean on during his sobs. They drank to the arachnid's life and memory, and after thoroughly becoming pissed, the Potions professor gave Harry the memory Dumbledore requested him to retrieve. They relived the memory from the Pensieve. The Headmaster explained all he was willing to share; the Horcruxes, their uses and even some of their identities were finally revealed to Harry. He left the grand office feeling enlightened yet confused, exhilarated and yet exhausted. The morning shed more news for the raven-haired boy, as he learned Ron and Lavender broke up, but only after he explained everything that Professor Dumbledore had detailed. The trio looked up to see Katie Bell entering the Great Hall, and they welcomed her back to the school. Granted, the older girl could not recall the events of the horrible day she was cursed, but she looked much healthier than when they saw her last, and they were glad for it. Classes were slow and boring that day, although the bookworm would never agree to that. Harry and Malfoy got into a duel in the loo, and Malfoy was taken to the infirmary. Snape did all that he could for the blond Slytherin, but Madam Pomfrey was a much better healer. Harry had to hide his book, hide it where he no one would ever find it. Using such a curse on someone, even his enemy, was a dangerous move. If he didn't get rid of the evidence, he would certainly be expelled. Throwing it in