Disclaimer: The characters and setting belong to J K Rowling. I wish I owned it though :P "In this chapter we will learn about the true nature of prophecies. Earlier in chapter two we observed the tragic case of Oedipus; a man who thought he could escape fate. The Oracle of Delphi prophesied that he would one day murder his father and marry his mother. Naturally he didn't want that to happen but despite Oedipus's best efforts it came others have tried changing their destinies but, all failed one way or another. The lesson we can learn from their mistakes is that the more you try to fight against fate, the more fate will fight you." - "Introduction to Visionary Magic" Professor Tempest Stormson, Master Diviner College of the Enlightened , Ireland Act One Scene One: "Mum, Dad!" exclaimed the girl cheerfully as she stepped through the stone barrier of King's Cross Station towards a waiting couple. "Welcome back sweetheart", called out a man with bushy hair . "How was school?", asked the woman. "It was …good", the girl said reluctantly. She felt nervous. Nothing was said between the three people as they made their way to the car, until her mother broke the silence. "We're just glad you are back, Hermione." Hermione smiled. She was home. She no- they were safe. At least she hoped. Hermione wished it would rain. She turned her head towards the window. Why was it so sunny today? The sun's rays were shining through the window bathing her room with light and warmth. As if that would bring me comfort she thought wryly to herself. Standing next to her desk, Hermione ran her fingers absentmindedly over the black surface. Her hand felt something hard and square. Lifting the object to her face, Hermione recognized the simple, black frame. She held the photograph before her. An eleven-year old Hermione stared back. In her hands was her Hogwarts acceptance letter. This Hermione was grinning from ear to ear. Her proud parents were flanking each side. Her parents…. She could hear her breath catch. The picture shook furiously as Hermione's hands began to tremble, almost dropping it entirely. The picture in front of her started to blur in before her eyes. Not that she noticed; Hermione was preoccupied with another matter. Not now Hermione ordered herself. Please not now! The familiar ache she had for the past week began to form again at the base of her skull, slowly spreading upwards. Feeling the energy being sucked out of her, she sank to her knees clutching the photo to her chest. Despite her best efforts, Hermione could taste the few, salty tears that managed to leak out of her eyes. Why did everything go wrong? A sharp knock rang from the door. Hermione flinched and jumped to her feet. Her back was to the door. She hastily wiped her eyes and placed the framed photograph underneath one of the books on her desk. Hermione willed herself to stop shaking so hard. The door opened quietly behind her. "Hermione, dear", a voice called out tentatively as if reluctant to speak at all. Hermione didn't react. Instead she just clutched the desk in front of her so hard her knuckles turned white. "Hermione ", the elderly voice called out again. This time more confidently. Finally Hermione replied, "Yes?" She still hadn't turned from her spot. Hermione hated how her voice cracked. It made her sound weak. That's because you are the treacherous part of her mind said. "Are you ready?", the person asked. Hermione's chest tightened and she closed her eyes. Why did she have to go? "Yes", Hermione gritted out. She clutched the desk tighter like it was her lifeline, but then let go. She could no longer ignore the way her fingers ached. Hermione calmed herself then turned around. Addressing the person in front of her she finally spoke, "I'll be right down." The funeral was anticlimactic thought Hermione with a sort of morbid humor. The thick, black mourning clothes she had on made her sweat way too much to be considered comfortable. The sun clearly didn't make things any better. The heat and the sickening aroma from all the flowers the mourners brought were enough to make the witch nauseous. Hermione turned her attention to the two large caskets in front of her. It has been a week since the incident happened. Before her, lay the shells of the two people she loved more than anyone else in the world. She looked at their faces impassively. Faces that used stare back with her with life no longer smiled back at her anymore. In their place were two stone, stiff look-alikes. So, Hermione just stared impassively back. Death was still a subject she couldn't yet wrap her head around…couldn't accept. No book she had ever read could have prepared her for the mighty blow she received when she heard the news. A week ago: Hermione was curled up at the couch next to the window in her father's study, reading a book her aunt had gifted her recently. To her delight, the book was an old edition of Alice in Wonderland. While turning the page, the home phone rang making her jump a little. Lifting her finger, Hermione saw a small bead of blood beginning to form; the paper had nicked her quite hard. Thought fully aware that sticking a wound in your mouth was not a smart idea, Hermione still stuck her finger in out of habit. A sharp ring from the telephone reminded her the she should probably pick it up. Reluctantly, Hermione got up from her comfortable perch and went to go see who it was. Hermione removed her finger from her mouth, the metallic taste slowly fading on her tongue as she picked up the phone. Probably Dad again Hermione mused to herself. Might have slept overnight in his office. He did that sometimes. "Hello", Hermione spoke into the phone. "Is this Hermione Granger", an unfamiliar, male voice asked. "Yes?", she said cautiously. The person on the line paused for a few seconds. She heard him take a deep breath and said, "It's about your parents. There's been an incident." Hermione felt her heart stop. She froze in place already dreading the worst before she asked, "What is it?" It surprised her how steady and calm her voice was. The person continued slowly, "Right now they are in St. Helen's hospital Room 23 of the surgery ward. The doctors are doing their best to save your parents and we were told to call the next of kin. We called your grandmother beforehand and were told to tell you to meet her there." "Thank you. I'll be right there", Hermione said panic evident in her voice. Quickly, Hermione threw a jacket on herself and practically flew down the stairs. She barely had put on her shoes when she threw the door open, locking it behind her and ran out into the night. For the first time in her life, Hermione cursed the ministry for forbidding underage magic outside of Hogwarts. Calling the Knight Bus would have been much simpler. Instead, Hermione sat worriedly, bouncing her leg in a muggle bus with a haunted look on her face. Distantly Hermione could hear a child asking his mother why the lady was acting so weird. "Don't look at her Billy", Hermione heard the mother whisper harshly. "She obviously has a problem." Hermione covered her hands with her face shaking. Yes it appeared that she did have a problem. It's all my fault. Oh Merlin it's all my fault. Please- please-please….Merlin….God….anyone please let them be all right . The thoughts repeated in her mind like a broken record stuck on repeat- repeat-repeat... After a thirty minute long ride, Hermione pressed the stop button for Hingherbury Street. Without thanking the driver, she ran out towards the main doors for Emergency. There she saw a familiar, stout, stern faced old lady. Her grandmother face full of worry got up to meet her. Hermione didn't bother waiting for her to muster enough strength to walk up to her. Instead she met up with her grandmother halfway. "Where are they?", Hermione demanded briefly hugging her grandmother. Old lady Granger's lips thinned reluctant to say anything. Eventually she sighed and said, "They refused to tell me anything. Just said to wait out here for news." Hermione sank to a nearby seat once again covering her face in her hands. Why won't they say anything? They have to be fine she thought said nothing would happen. Hermione's grandmother sat in the seat next to her with some difficulty because of her age. Oh how she felt old, but she had her role to fulfill as the elder. Old lady Granger brought her left arm to her distraught granddaughter and leaned Hermione's head to her aged, bony shoulder. She caressed Hermione's head comfortingly trying to ease the concern in their hearts. Many long, painful hours passed. Not a word was spoken between the two Grangers. Old lady Granger had been long asleep by the two hour mark. Hermione on the other hand had kept herself wide awake as if the situation would go for the worse if she closed her eyes long enough. Eventually the twin, automatic glass doors opened and a grim faced doctor in scrubs walked out. He walked straight towards them. Hermione roused her grandmother so they both could hear the news. To their surprise the doctor didn't speak for the longest time. Only a look of determination was evident on his face. He finally spoke, "Are you two Hermione Granger and Emily Granger?" Hermione responded first,"Yes we are. Is there any news? How are they?" The doctor didn't respond back, merely gazed at them. He bowed his head. Hermione just knew... No! "There has been a complication," he said grimly No! "Despite our best efforts—" No no no no! " We were unable to save Mr and Mrs. Granger. You have our deepest condolences." Unable to contain her anguish, Hermione screamed. She remembered that Monday evening, Hermione reminisced as she dropped a bouquet of roses into her parents' caskets. The doctor had informed her that Mr and were found in their respective offices on the floor and unresponsive. One of their assistants found the dentists. The assistant went to 's office first to discuss an issue of one of their patients, but instead found Mrs. Granger face down on the ground. Rushing to inform , the assistant also discovered in the same position. From what the paramedics that arrived at the scene determined, both of the dentists had died of acute heart failure. All attempts of re-starting their hearts failed. Of course they failed remarked Hermione angrily in her mind. Hard to save someone from the killing curse. They also determined that it was just coincidental that both dentists had heart attacks so no foul play was suspected. Hermione knew better. Only a curse could have murdered her parents in such a manner and only one group in Magical Britain inhumane enough to commit the crime. Hermione took one last look at her parents, drinking in the sight knowing it would be her last. "I'm really sorry. I'm so so sorry", she told them though they could no longer hear her apology. She turned and walked back to the funeral party gathered, sitting around the two mounds of dirt. Hermione watched as some of her Dad's relatives began lifting the ebony caskets, lowering them to the ground. Many people came for the burial. Very few of them were friends and family of the deceased. Most were curious, nosy neighbours and townspeople wanting to gain newest gossip. "Is that the Granger girl", Hermione distantly heard a voice a few rows down say. "Hush", another voice chided. "She might hear us. Can't you see the poor dear mourning?" "Oh do stop worrying. She's probably too focused on her parents to hear us anyhow,"