Prologue: Simbelmynë Legolas threw a saddle onto Arod's back, blinking back tears which, until recently, had been foreign to his ice-blue eyes. The added burden of the ale made containing them all the more difficult. The Elf was being rent by a new kind of grief, one he had never even glimpsed before. More than despair. It made his very limbs ache. Legolas groaned inwardly when Gimli stumbled into the stable in a drunken stupor. "Agh, get back inside, you lily-livered pansy!" the Dwarf drawled. "Gonna kick your Elf arse…drink up, me…" Then he dropped to the ground with a low thump. Legolas slung his quiver and bow across his back, climbed into the saddle, and took off for the fields near Helm's Deep, leaving his friends and Edoras on the windswept plains behind him. He hunched his shoulders against a nonexistent chilly breeze and continued across the plains, fighting off the emotions roiling within him as he had so recently battled the forces of Isengard. Aragorn knew something was amiss when Legolas suddenly vanished from Théoden's hall after thrashing the Dwarf in a drinking contest. The Elf had never been one to gloat openly, but he certainly did relish the limelight. He trailed Legolas from a safe distance and speculated as to where he could be headed, all while trying to avoid Éowyn and her enamored doe-eyes. In all his travels, which spanned eighty-seven years, Aragorn had never met a more ignorant wench. Poor girl. Aragorn watched Gimli waddle into the stable from his hiding place in a blacksmith's shop across the road. He shuddered to think of what the Dwarf and the Elf could do with each other in such drunken states. Oh, the possibilities. He was admittedly relieved when Legolas burst out of the stable on Arod's back. He watched the Elf gallop flat-out in the direction of Helm's Deep before he saddled Brego to follow. Aragorn finally caught up to Legolas outside the great fortress of Rohan. The plains were still scarred from the previous battle, and the great pyre of the Uruk-Hai was still smoldering and emitting a nauseating stench. Aragorn watched from a windswept bluff as Legolas dismounted in front of one of the few graves at Helm's Deep. He was singing, very softly, "Don't say we have come now to the end. White shores are calling. You and I will meet again. And you'll be here in my arms, just sleeping…" Aragorn trotted toward the Elf and called, "Legolas!" Legolas did not turn to look at him, almost as if he had suspected Aragorn would follow him. He held a small, white flower in one hand and examined it idly, turning it slowly between his fingers. "Simbelmynë," Legolas murmured. "Ever has it grown on the tombs of Rohan's kings." He looked up, and Aragorn noticed that there were tears in his ice-blue eyes. Legolas drew a shuddering breath and finished, "Now it shall cover the grave of my beloved." Without warning, Legolas fell weakly to his knees as a strangled sob escaped between his lips. He dug his fingers into some tufts of grass growing on the grave, bowing his head so he could hide behind a curtain of blonde hair. When he looked up again, tears were flowing freely down his cheeks as he sobbed at whoever was buried there, "You do not belong here! You didn't deserve this fate! Alas that these dark days should be mine! Why did you leave me?" Aragorn immediately dismounted and held the Elf by his shoulders, alarmed to see him break down like this. Even when Gandalf had fallen into the abyss of Moria, Legolas had not reacted this way. Aragorn searched for the words to comfort his friend but could find none, not even knowing why exactly the Elf was grieving. Legolas buried his face in Aragorn's shoulder like a small child, his shoulders wracked by the sobs he had so carefully suppressed for days. After a pause, Aragorn asked gently, "Who is buried here, mellon nîn ?" [My friend Legolas swiped the tears out of his eyes, attempting to shroud himself with some semblance of composure before he murmured, " Haldir o Lórien. Meleth nîn." [Haldir of Lórien. My love." Part I: Mirkwood 1: Something Unexpected Legolas, Prince of Mirkwood, stood at the entrance of his father's fortress, ready to greet the Marchwarden of Lothlórien and his entourage. The Elvenking had summoned Haldir and his brothers to help him train some new guards. Thranduil had decided Mirkwood needed stronger protection after a company of Dwarves and a single Hobbit had stumbled into the middle of one of his late-night parties. Legolas and Haldir had been friends as small Elflings, but he could hardly picture his face after so many eons apart. He vaguely remembered Haldir being bossy. A soft rustling of leaves alerted the princeling to the presence of the Lórien Elves. Several silver-clad Elves stepped out of the trees, bows slung over their shoulders. A tall, handsome Elf near the front of the group stepped forward and said in a honey-smooth baritone, "Hail, Legolas Thranduilion." Legolas was about to reply when the Marchwarden kissed him lightly on both cheeks, apparently Lórien custom. He was embarrassed to feel a tinge of color creep into his cheeks. The princeling blinked, flabbergasted, before replying, Mae govannen, Haldir o Lórien. " [Welcome, Haldir of Lórien. "I hear your father wishes me to train his guards," Haldir said. He wore a self-assured smirk, apparently well aware of precisely how handsome he was. After a beat, he added evenly, "It seems they find it difficult to imitate your dramatically heroic style and jaw-dropping stunts. Perhaps something a little more…controlled will be more to their taste." Legolas scowled, taking an instant dislike for the arrogant Marchwarden. "It is well-known in every Elven kingdom that no one is a better warden than you, Haldir," he said with mock-reverence. The corners of Haldir's mouth twitched upward in a half-smile. "I regret to inform you that nobody at Caras Galadhon knows your name. Save the Lady Galadriel, Lord Celeborn, and myself, that is. Pity." His smirk grew, and he touched Legolas's cheek briefly. "If only they knew what a handsome face you have, hmm?" A nervous smile flickered across Legolas's face. "Come with me. My father is waiting." Legolas watched Haldir train a pair of young Elves from the vantage point of a tree branch. It soon became clear that Haldir was one of the most skilled Elves in Middle Earth. He had spent hours earlier that morning trying to help the new guards perfect their aim with a bow, to no avail. Legolas watched shot after shot sail to the exact center of the targets that had been painted on a few trees. The new guards, sadly, were not so blessed. The Marchwarden's exasperation steadily mounted until he gave up on the archery lesson and moved on to hand-to-hand combat—an even more impressive display. "I am a hypothetical intruder," Haldir announced, whipping a sleek blade out of the sheath at his hip. He examined the foible of the sword idly as he instructed, "Kill me." The two young Elves struck at once, going at Haldir from both sides. Legolas found himself worrying whether the blades had been dulled for practice or whether Haldir simply doubted the new guards' skill that much. Apparently, it was the latter. In one fluid motion, Haldir parried the first attack, knocked the sword out of the other Elf's hand, and returned to relieve the first Elf of his sword. He caught one sword midair before it fell and rested the point in the dirt, making tsk ing sounds under his breath. "A valiant first attempt," he conceded, "but nevertheless you have both been disarmed and slain, and it will be up to me to inform your mothers of such." He tossed the sword back to its owner. "Another try. For the love of Eru, you're fighting just like that hot-headed prince of yours. This time, don't be so erratic." Legolas's heart skipped a beat. Did he say erotic ? Oh, no, it was erratic . The arrogant thread in Haldir's voice had distorted the word. In the blink of an eye, the Elves were sparring again. Haldir's cloak swirled around his body, concealing his tactics. He moved gracefully, smoothly, as if he were dancing. When the silver billow settled around Haldir's ankles, the points of both swords were embedded in the dirt. The drill went on for several more hours. Miraculously, Haldir lost none of his regal demeanor or impeccable composure. The Marchwarden's cloak billowed dramatically around his legs whenever he moved, and his hair remained neatly braided, not a hair out of place. Haldir's face showed none of the exhaustion the other two Elves exhibited, nor did his sculpted features betray any of the exasperation he must have felt. Finally, it seemed Haldir had had enough. He threw down his sword and grabbed both guards by the napes of their necks, causing them to crumple and drop their swords for the umpteenth time. "I think that's enough for one day," he said, raising one eyebrow as he glanced from Elf to Elf. "You two are too exhausted at this point to put forth any real effort, anyway. Rest up. I look forward to creaming you again tomorrow." The young Elves shuffled off, tired and dejected. Legolas was instantly out of his tree, his own twin knives in his hands. "Well done, Haldir," he praised. He pointed at the Marchwarden with one knife. "I would have never guessed you would shoot so well. And you have some skill with a blade?" Haldir flashed a coy simper at the princeling and ran his sword along the edge of Legolas's dagger, producing a harsh hiss of steel on steel. "Only a little," he said with what Legolas knew was false humility. Legolas deflected Haldir's sword with a flick of his wrist. "Oh, more than that," he said, advancing on the Elf with an attack of his own. "There surely can't be a better swordsman in Lórien." Haldir glanced at the knives in Legolas's fists. "I would return the compliment, but I'm afraid you only work in smaller units. Although," he said thoughtfully, thrusting his sword at Legolas's chest, "I suppose it does merit some praise, faint though it may be. I'm curious; is it hard to get the job done with something so small?" Legolas stopped the sword short by crossing his knives, then drove Haldir backward with a few graceful attacks, spinning as he performed a several backhanded strikes in a row. He jabbed the point of one knife at Haldir's chin and confessed, "Only a little." Haldir took advantage of the princeling's dizziness, stepping forward and tripping Legolas as he tried to backpedal with a well-placed leg behind his opponent's foot. He caught Legolas as he fell and pinned him against a nearby tree. "Oh, I think it hinders you more than a little," he murmured, neatly plucking both knives from Legolas's fists. Legolas's breath caught in his throat when Haldir bent closer and pressed a gentle kiss to his lips. Legolas kissed back without meaning to, then pulled out quickly in a sudden panic, conking his head against the tree behind him. Haldir was grinning naughtily at him, no doubt getting some cruel satisfaction from the dozen or so shades of red blazing in the princeling's cheeks. Legolas tried to seem unfazed as he said sternly, "You cheated." "I'm afraid we Lórien Elves do not live by the same strict moral regimen as you Sindarin," Haldir said, still grinning wickedly. Legolas wiped his lips with the back of a shaking hand, his heart still hammering in his chest. "Obviously!" Haldir returned the knives. "I must admit I hadn't expected you would fight so well. Especially with twelve-inch knives." Legolas found himself smiling. He knew that it was the closest thing to a compliment Haldir coud