Disclaimer: I obviously don't own any character from the Harry Potter series, I just do this for fun and my own pleasure, and since I don't earn any money from it I don't see how it can be any harm. Warning: This is an ADULT story with BDSM content and a lot of SEX scenes. So DO NOT read if you are underage or are too sensitive. A/N: This will stay a one shot story or maybe have a few chapters depending on my inspiration. This first part has very little of Harry Potter, but the next ones (if they do come) will take place in Hogwarts. Enjoy! My master . Introduction to submission . by Saeshmea I hesitate while my hand rests on the golden doorknob of a dark wooden door in Knockturn Alley. Maybe I should just go home, this can't be my place, I think. The building looks abandoned, no noise comes from the inside, but I am certain that it's the right address. I read about the place a couple weeks ago in the waiting room of San Mungo. Going through the magazines they had for the patients and visitors, I found this article in the psychology section of Magic Medicine Today titled: Sex and submission . It's not the kind of subject I usually look to widen my knowledge about, but at that moment it seemed preferable and much more entertaining than the entire special section about magic amputations or the previous article on how to grieve the death of our loved ones. Of course I knew that there was people who enjoys this kind of foreplay during their sexual intercourse, but I had to admit to myself that I ignored there was a complete world around it with its own rules, and places specially dedicated to them. La Maison de la Soumission was one of this places, or so said the article, and it is there where I am right now. I go in. A shirtless man receives me very politely into what looks like the lobby of an elegant hotel. "Good evening, ma'am, may I have your cloak," he says, and he helps me out of my tartan winter clothes. "Thank you," I say. Underneath my cloak, I'm wearing a long green dress with a brown leather belt on my waist, a very casual choice of clothes I made this morning since I didn't know too much about the dressing protocol of the place I was going to. "Welcome to La Maison de la Soumission, ma'am," says the big woman with a very messy curled red hair that's standing behind the counter after the man is gone, "mistress or submissive?" she asks. "I..." I mutter stupidly. "Oh, I see, darling," she says in a very sweet voice, standing up and walking closer, her big breasts pressed against the counter as she speaks, "you're new to this," she observes, "don't you worry, dear. You'll find your place soon enough," she assures, "masters wear masks, submissives don't," she explains shortly as she bends over to take something from a drawer I can hear opening and closing, "take one with you, and enjoy yourself." She hands me a white mask that I take and then shows me the way through the black wall at the left of the counter. One more time, I hesitate as I stand in front of the dark stone wall. It's not that late to go back, I think, but I'm so close. I place a hand on the stone, I feel its magic, and I wonder what kind of sins might be going on behind it at this right moment and if I really want to be part of them. Two weeks ago, while I was in the hospital, waiting for the doctor to come and tell me they hadn't been able to save Moody's leg and had to amputate it, reading about this sinful world had helped me keep my mind distracted to the point that when the doctor finally called me, it took a second for me to remember why I was there. Those twenty minutes had been the first time in years I'd been able to keep my thoughts away from the war or anything that had to do with it. I had been able to relax for the first time since the war had finished and I even found the strength to offer a comforting smile to my friend when I entered his room and saw his mutilated body on the hospital bed. Back at home I felt the need to know more, I found very few references on my books so I went to the library, where I borrowed a novel: Me, a submissive witch. I read it non-stop. The language, the style, weren't nothing of an other world, certainly not great literature; but the story, the scenes described... I couldn't get enough of it. I needed more. It was then when I remembered the name of the place: La Maison de la Sumission, I guess the name had brought me to think it would be in the continent, because when I learned it was here, in London, in Knockturn Alley; I was surprised. When I trespass the magic wall I find myself in a large room decorated in a very elegant french style. The first thing to catch my attention is a young brunette lady who is kneeling down on the floor, wearing nothing else but a leather collar on her neck with a lace, whose end is held, very firmly, by a gentleman sitting on an armchair, smoking a big cigar and wearing a golden mask. He's having a heated argument about economy with another masked man, who is having a massage by a younger boy in underwear. I decide to put my mask on, the white one the lady in the lobby gave me, and I cross the room. I sit on the large bar and when the waiter asks me what I'm going to drink I order a gillywater with no ice, but knowing I'll probably need something stronger, I change it for a double shot of firewhisky before the man can open the bottle. Once I have the drink on my hand I turn around on the stool so I can see what else is going on in the room. There's a large fireplace at my left and two women are talking very friendly, one is wearing a mask the other isn't. I observe them for a while, and then I watch the mistress stand up and walk to the staircase at the other side of the room, followed by the submissive. As I watch them disappear, the question I was unable to answer before pops in my mind again: mistress or submissive? I keep observing the room and as it gets more crowded, I become more used to the dynamics of it and more amazed by the respect towards the rules. Those who come in already accompanied by their own submissive go directly upstairs or have a drink first and then go. Those who come in alone go directly to the bar to order something and then, if they wear a mask, they go to the sofas area and if they don't, they go to the sits at the side of the room or stay in the stools of the bar. The submissives do very little, they just sit and wait; it's the masters and mistress the ones who watch and approach the man or woman of their liking. I suddenly realize I still have the glass of firewhiskey on my hands but I haven't had a sipped of it yet. When I'm going to, I realize the mask is on the way, so I take it off; I leave it on the bar, behind me, and I finally savour my drink. I empty the glass down my throat in one gulp and feel it warming my stomach. "Allow me to invite you to the next shot," a deep male voice startles me and I turn to my left to see a tall man in dark clothes and wearing a silver mask occupying the stool next to me. I look at him. He wasn't there a moment ago. Ignoring my surprise, he gestures the waiter to refill my glass and serve him the same. "I saw you taking your mask off," he says, "are you putting it back on or is it a permanent change?" Suddenly I realize the importance of my silly previous gesture in the place I am, and I take the white mask from the bar and play with it with my hands. "I don't know," I say. "Sir," he says, and I frown, "if you're going to keep the mask off you must refer to me as Sir or Master," he explains. "I don't know, Sir," I repeat, and for some reason I don't feel funny playing that game. "I see," he mutters, "maybe I could help you decide; but first, what should I call you?" "My name is Minerva," I reply, "Sir," I add, and the waiter comes with his drink and my refill. "Lovely name," he points out, "tell me, Minerva, what brings you here?" "What do you mean?" I ask, but he stays quiet, staring at me through the holes of his mask. It only takes a moment to me to understand what I did wrong, "Sorry," I apologize, not sure of why, and I repeat: "what do you mean, Sir.?" "Everybody has a reason to be here, some seek power, control, authority; others seek punishment, redemption, peace," he explains, "who are you, Minerva?" my name sounds different on his voice, it melts on the air and makes me want to hear it again. "I don't seek power, Sir." I confess, and I leave the mask on the bar again to take my new shot of firewhisky. "What is it that you want, then?" he asks before having his drink too. "Freedom," I say, and I look at him, and there I find something on his dark eyes, something on the way he stares at me, that makes me feel he understands. I realize now that I didn't talk to him directly, but when I'm about to repeat my answer, he speaks. "I can give you the freedom you need, Minerva," he says, and he comes down from the stool and stands in front of me. "What?" I mutter, suddenly getting my situation at this point, "I... I didn't... I..." I clear my throat, trying to regain my temper, "Wouldn't you prefer a more experience witch to please you, Sir.?" "Maybe," he replies, "but you're a quick learner," he offers me his hand, and for the third time that night, I hesitate. Upstairs there is a long corridor with numbered doors; we go into room 57. Behind the door there is hidden a very fancy suite with a nice bed dressed in red sheets and dozens of candles lighting every corner. At this point it hits me that I'm about to have sex with a stranger and the idea of running away passes through my mind. "Having second thoughts?" he asks. He's standing in the middle of the room while I have stayed next to the door. "No," I say, "No, Sir," I correct myself, "I was just thinking that I don't know your name, yet, Sir." "That's because you don't need to," he replies. "But you do know mine," I reply, and by his look I know I've done something wrong.. He walks towards me, and I fear that he's going to do something. I reach for my wand instinctively, but he just stands in front of me, so close that I can hear his respiration under the mask he's still wearing. "Take your shoes off," he says, or better said, he orders, very calmly but firmly and I obey; I don't know why, but I do. As I bend over to