XXX A knock at the door startled Peeta awake. He didn't know when he'd drifted to sleep, though the clock on the side table suggested it'd been a while. The rain seemed to have let up, no longer pounding but instead offering soft, steady taps against the roof. He swiped a hand across his face and lumbered to his feet, prosthetic leg wavering for a moment before finding firm ground, the way it always did after a bout of disuse. There was a throbbing, too, a phantom limb pain that could never be shaken away, because there was nothing to shake. Three more hard raps sounded from the front door and Peeta picked up his pace. He glanced into the kitchen and saw the telltale lack of boots dripping onto the mat, the missing jacket. She was still out? Peeta had assumed when the rain began in earnest that Katniss would take shelter in one of the shops in town and come home when it slowed, but evidently he'd been wrong. Suddenly, surely unnecessarily worried, he lunged for the doorknob and pulled. He didn't know what he'd been expecting on the other side, but the terrible, violent years of his past had given him quite the dark imagination. So it was with shock that he unclenched the doorknob and stared at the damp individual in the doorway. "What a welcome," Johanna Mason remarked with a raised eyebrow. She stepped inside without invitation, forcing Peeta to back into the house as well, and began shaking out her dark, uneven shoulder-length hair. "It's rude to leave a guest on the doorstep, you know. You District 12 kids have no manners." "Johanna," Peeta finally said, recovering from his surprise. "Come in, get dry. Let me take your coat." Johanna handed off her soggy leather jacket and glanced down at her less-soggy shirt, calculating the damage the rain had caused. Peeta noted the vulnerable frown that passed over her face, but it was gone when she brought her head back up to look around the house. "I see you haven't changed things too much since I was last here." "You know Katniss," Peeta remarked, walking back to the kitchen with Johanna on his heels. "Change doesn't come too easy." He hadn't meant that last part to come out as bitter as it had, and Johanna jumped on it instantly. "Trouble in paradise?" "Uh… no," he said, hanging her jacket. He didn't want to air he and Katniss's marital disagreements to Johanna Mason, of all people. "Where is your darling wife?" she asked. "Out hunting." "She still does that?" Johanna asked, inspecting the knick-knacks on the shelves. "Well, there's still a need for food. Just because there's no Capitol anymore doesn't mean everyone's rich all of a sudden. Plus, I mean, it's comforting to her." Johanna nodded but didn't respond, making herself at home at the wooden kitchen table. Peeta reached for a loaf of bread and a knife, slicing in moments. It was habit, one that visitors didn't complain about. "So not that it isn't nice to see you after so long, Johanna, but what brings you to Twelve?" And unannounced on my doorstep, he wanted to add, but courtesy won out. "Work," she said simply, eyes on the back window. Peeta brought the sliced bread to the table and sat down, nodding. She took a slice and sniffed it. "We're trying to set up a council here, that'll represent the district in the new government. The council will bring the opinions of the district to Paylor and her team." She took a bite of the bread. "Mmm. Nice. You may've never been the best fighter, Peeta, but you make the best damn bread in Panem." "Thanks," Peeta said, adjusting back into her use of backhanded compliments, made more difficult from the grogginess of his unexpected nap. "A district council? That's a huge step." "Yup. We're going for democracy… again. We'll see how long it lasts this time." "You don't sound very confident." "I'm not. Look at history, Mellark. It's inevitable that this one won't last forever. We do this over and over again. We'll have another Hunger Games in no time." "Don't say that," Peeta said quickly. He couldn't imagine everything he and his loved ones had been through being all for naught. "It's better than nothing," he added as Johanna ate more bread. "Who knows? Maybe this'll be the time it finally sticks." "Always the optimist," Johanna said with an eye-roll. "Someone needs to be," he replied, shrugging. "So they've sent you here to…" "Start floating the word about the council, see who stands out. There's gonna be an election and everything, in every district." "So you have to go to every district and tell them about this plan?" "No, just Twelve. We split it up between us. Lucky me," Johanna added. Peeta raised an unconvinced brow. She stared back at him, then broke eye contact, relenting. "Okay. I may have volunteered to come here, you know, to check in on things." "Things?" "People. You and Katniss." "Johanna Mason, you old softie," Peeta teased. "Quit it," she demanded. "Plus, like I said, the best bread in the world is made right here. I had to promise to bring some back to Two." Peeta picked apart his slice of the walnut bread, thinking through his next words. "I'm surprised you volunteered to come here. That you didn't go to Seven." Johanna shrugged. "There's nothing left for me there." "I guess I'm surprised someone else didn't offer to come here." The statement hung between them for longer than Peeta would've liked. He hadn't wanted to make things awkward, but his curiosity had gotten the best of him. He hadn't seen nor spoken to Gale Hawthorne in five years. There was no bitterness between them, at least on Peeta's end, but the way things had ended between Gale and Katniss had left a massive, roiling cloud of uncertainty over the relationship between them all. The fact that Gale hadn't come to Peeta and Katniss's wedding celebration had been duly noted but hardly discussed. "He went to Four," Johanna said finally. "His mom and siblings are there now, you know." "I know. Katniss's mother is working at the new hospital there." "I know," Johanna said. "Annie keeps me pretty up to date." "Us too," Peeta said. Johanna had the look of someone who was bursting to say something while simultaneously trying to fight the urge. Peeta figured if he waited long enough she'd crack – Johanna wasn't known for her subtlety or discretion, unless she had really gone through a transformation since he'd last seen her a few years ago. "We're seeing each other." Peeta's eyes widened. He hadn't been expecting that. He shook his head – was he still asleep? Johanna Mason and Gale Hawthorne? "You're seeing each other," he repeated. "Well, sleeping with each other." "Ah! Okay," Peeta said quickly. "All right. Well… I'm happy for you guys?" "Is it weird?" Johanna mused, crossing her legs and gesturing with a hand in the air, her head leaning on the other. Her relief at getting out the secret was palpable. "That's part of the reason I came here. To figure out if it was weird. I know it's been a while and that you and Katniss are married and everything, but he was hung up on her for a long time and I can't get into something like that, I hate that kind of crap. They don't even talk anymore, and I don't know if that means it's all in the past or if it means it's all still bubbling right below the surface—" "Johanna," Peeta cut in, and she looked at him, bemused. It was a lot of information to take in. "Have you talked to Gale about this?" "No," she said simply. "Why would I do that?" "Because you obviously have feelings for him," Peeta pointed out. "And you're not gonna figure out how he feels by coming to District Twelve and talking to me." "I guess what I wanted to do was talk to Katniss about it," Johanna admitted. "And get her approval?" Johanna made a face. "I don't need her approval to do anything, it's my life." "But?" "But…" Johanna sighed and then seemed to steel herself for what she was going to say next. "Listen, Mellark. I don't have a lot of people left. Not many know me, not in the way you and Katniss do. You guys have been through a lot of the same shit as me. And sometimes it's nice to know that somewhere out there, there's people who get it. So if I'm gonna do something that's gonna potentially fuck up this weird thing we all have, I wanna try to avoid that." Peeta understood. Like Johanna said, he was one of the few who could. He thought of Finnick, and he thought of that long-ago day in the arena when Johanna had said she had no one left the Capitol could use against her. He remembered her screams in the cell next to his, night after night, until he couldn't tell the difference between her howls and his own. A strange kinship had formed between them during that time, one they'd never delved very far into. "I know Katniss, Johanna," Peeta said. "And I think she'll get it. I think she'll be happy you and Gale are both moving on. You're her friends." Johanna shifted uncomfortably – naked emotion wasn't her strong suit. "Well don't get all sappy about it, Peeta," she said, but there was little venom. "Hey, I'm the sappy one," he shrugged. "But just remember that Katniss doesn't really like to even discuss this kind of stuff." A current point of contention for Peeta and his wife, despite the remarkable strides she had made since the war, but he didn't want to share that with Johanna, either. Neither of them said anything; Peeta was still digesting the strange turn his quiet afternoon had taken. Johanna took the lead: "While we're being all real with each other I may as well ask: how're you doing, Mellark?" Peeta frowned. "How so?" "Your flashbacks." He fidgeted. Even the mention of his episodes made him jittery, as if one was lurking just out of sight, waiting to strike (which, of course, was exactly how it happened). "It's pretty under control." "Yeah?" "We all have bad days," Peeta said. "And when they're really bad… I have Katniss." Johanna groaned. "Disgustingly sweet." "And you?" Peeta figured he would ask, just in case no one else was. He wasn't sure what type of conversations Johanna and Gale would have, if they got into the deep, dark, painful stuff that took mountains of trust to share. "What about me?" Johanna asked, inspecting her nails. Peeta wondered if there would ever come a day when she dropped the too-disinterested persona she had developed against the Capitol after her Games. "It's raining outside. And you were standing in it." "I walked all the way here in it, Brainless," Johanna said, using the term of endearment usually reserved for Katniss. "I'm just impressed, that's all." "Well don't go giving me a gold star just yet, Mellark," Johanna said sardonically. "It was pretty much sink or swim, pardon the pun. Couldn't avoid it forever." "Still," Peeta said, wishing for once she would just take the props given to her and move on. "What they did to us…" "What they did to us was fucking bullshit," Johanna interrupted, and Peeta recognized the wild young woman from the Hunger Games. "They killed our friends and our families. They tried to kill me with water and electricity. But they didn't, I didn't die, I'm not dead – what was I supposed to do? I couldn't just curl up and wait to join my parents and my siblings and Finnick. I'm not like you, Peeta. I didn't have someone to hold my hand on the bad days. I