Hey guys! I just wanted to assure you that no, I am not abandoning my Jily fanfic. I am currently stuck on where to take it and what to write, so I'm getting it out by beginning this! I know it's been awhile since we really updated the Jily fanfic, but don't worry, chapter 11 is under construction and should hopefully be done soon. If not, just yell at us to get writing and we will hopefully get to it. Not sure when it's going to be updated as finals week is coming up quickly (have about 2 weeks till death week), but maybe we'll finish the chapter as a way to relieve stress or get out of studying.. Anyways, I've been rambling. Please Read and Review! Enjoy! Disclaimer: Anything you recognize is not mine. It belongs to J.K. Rowling. I have some claim to the plot, but there are many others who also write this. The war was over. For ever. It felt as if a huge weight had been lifted off all of our shoulders and you could see the change it made in others. People walked differently, acted differently and were more willing to look past their birth status to reach out and help those around them. But even though the war was over and there was much to celebrate, no one was celebrating. We had lost so many. Tonks, Remus, Colin, Lavender and many more. Fred almost died, after having a wall collapse on him, but was on the mend at Saint Mungo's. I can't express how relieved the Weasley's were when the doctor walked out and proclaimed that their tests had found nothing wrong other than many broken bones. They said that had the impact been hit by a Blasting curse, he would have been killed, but as it was dislodged by the wear and tear of the war, he got away with broken ribs, arms, and legs. He was extremely lucky and almost two weeks later, was quickly recovering as he should be with the aid of magic and was helping his twin work on repairing their shop. Repairing. So many buildings, homes, towns, and lives had been destroyed and no one knew if they were going to be able to be repaired. The people of Hogsmeade were working day and night to return the town to the splendor it once had been. Wizards and witches across the country and into the United Kingdom and British Isles were helping each other out with repairs on anything they could. Houses were rebuilt, shops were reopened and lives were slowly, but surely going to return back to normal, we hoped. Hogwarts was also being rebuilt and I, along with my fellow peers, the staff and many parents of the students or the remaining people from the Battle of Hogwarts, were helping to get as much done as we could in order for the new school year to start on time, but there was still much to be done. It was currently lunch break for those of us who were helping repair Hogwarts and I was out wandering the grounds. The inside of the castle was almost repaired, that had been the first thing on our list, leaving the outside still as chaotic as it had been during the war. There were singe marks in the grass where rogue curses had hit, here and there were dried blood stains, occasionally you could find an article of clothing or pieces of wands, but only little things. All of the bodies had been removed and buried in a cemetery on the Hogwarts grounds. It was quite beautiful considering the circumstances, with intricate iron gates and low stone walls surrounding it. Each tombstone was different in shape, as a token to all who had given their lives, and on each tombstone there was a name, the years of life and a small eulogy of the work that they had done. On the iron gates there was a small sign. It read, Here lies those who saw the good in all the evil, who felt a need to protect it, and defended it to the end, even through death. It was here that my wandering feet took me. I pushed open the iron gates and walked through the cemetery. I looked at the graves as I passed them by, reading but not registering. I didn't want to go through the pain again and I wasn't sure that I had any tears left to shed. I continued walking through the cemetery till I reached the middle where there was a lovely garden maze with a fountain in the center. It was here that I was headed. I just needed to get away from it all, not that the cemetery was the place to get away from it all, but it was quiet and serene, just what I needed. I sat down on the edge of the fountain, looking at the water, but not at the same time. My mind was wandering through various topics, not really residing on one for too long. It was my way of coping. Thinking, but not thinking at the same time. I sat like that for a while, occasionally running my hand through the water and seeing the ripples it made. A snap of a twig broke me out of my reverie. I whipped around, hand going for my wand, a reflex I had gotten from being on the run. I stopped when I saw who it was, Fred. He was chuckling as he looked at me. I blushed as I realized that I had almost taken him out with my wand. "Little jumpy eh 'Mione." I shook my head and gave a small smile at his nickname for me. "So what are you doing out here? I thought I was the only one brave enough to walk through the cemetery to come out here." He had sat down next to me on the edge of the fountain. "I needed some quiet, away from all of it. You?" Fred sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "Pretty much the same. I needed to get away from mum. She has a close watch over me, thinking I'm going to keel over dead any second." He gave a small chuckle and turned towards the fountain. "She has a reason to." Fred's head turned back to me, his steel blue eyes meeting mine. "You gave all of us quite the scare in Saint Mungo's." He sighed nodding his head, letting it drop back to the fountain. I took this time to look over his features. His scars were fading, but the doctors said there were some that were never going to go completely, particularly the ones on his face. He had a faint scar that lead from the end of his left eyebrow to just above his cheekbone. George had joked that this was nature making up for his lost ear. Mrs. Weasley didn't find that too funny. He also had several scars that ran down the front of his chest from where the wall cut him. They looked very similar to the ones that Bill had gotten from Greyback. Fred turned his gaze back to me and smirked when he noticed that I was staring. "See something you like 'Mione?" I blushed and ducked my head, turning my gaze down to the scar on my arm. 'Mudblood.' I guess Fred had followed my gaze because a couple seconds later I saw his hand reach out to trace the letters on my arm. "That little…" He paused, before giving a small laugh. "I'm glad that mum got to her and gave her what she deserved." I gave a small smile. I wasn't at all fond of the scar. When I had first gotten it, I had covered it up with concealment charms, until Ginny had sat me down and told me that I wasn't doing myself good by doing that and the only way I could move past it was to show it to the world. I think her words were "What doesn't kill you makes you stronger." Since then I had tried leaving it unconcealed. It was hard, but Ginny was right. Covering it up wasn't going to help me move on from it. We elapsed back into silence, just sitting there and looking at the water of the fountain, appreciating the time away from all the hustle and bustle. The silence was short lived as we heard the bell ring, signaling that lunch was over. I sighed, not really wanting to go back. I saw Fred stand up from the corner of my eye. "Shall we?" Turning towards where he was, I saw he had a hand out to help me get up. "I suppose." I took his hand and got to my feet, before brushing myself off and beginning to walk back to the castle. We walked in silence, not really knowing what to talk about. When we made it to the castle, we met up with Ron, Harry and Ginny. Ron came over grabbing my hand and giving me a kiss on the cheek. I gave a small smile to him. It had been like this since the kiss we had during the battle, somewhat a couple but not really. I wasn't sure I wanted to be in a relationship at the moment what with the war having just ended and me trying to come to terms with everything. "Where have you been? Couldn't find you at lunch." "I needed some peace and quiet away from everything." I gave him a smile and patted his arm. He nodded before turning to talk to Harry, shooting Fred a look. Ginny came over and looped her arm through mine. "You okay? You've been quiet recently." I gave her a small smile, something that was becoming my go to. Ginny looked me over, this girl was really to perceptive for her own good. She turned to Ron and Harry, nudging the latter. "Hermione and I are going to the bathroom. We'll meet you there." Harry and Ron just nodded absentmindedly, going back to their conversation as Ginny drug me off. "Ginny, the bathroom was back there." She just waved me off. "I just told them that so they wouldn't follow us. We're going somewhere we can talk in private." She drug me up to the seventh floor and then headed off to the left. It didn't take me long to realize where we were going. "Ginny, I don't think it's usable." I thought back to the little skirmish Ron, Harry and I had had with Draco, Crabbe and Goyle. Surely the room had been destroyed. We reached the end of the corridor and Ginny began to pace back and forth in front of the wall, only stopping when a door appeared. She turned to me smirking before opening the door and dragging me inside. I was shocked. "Ginny, how… Shouldn't it have gotten destroyed?" Ginny turned to me and smirked again. "That's what we thought, but then yesterday," Ginny began to blush and I rolled my eyes. "Just stop there. I don't need to know what you and Harry get up to. He's like my brother. It'd be like me telling you what Ron and I did." Ginny made a face and shuddered before heading over to one of the couches and flopping down, gesturing for me to sit. "Alright, now spill. Somethings bothering you. You haven't been this quiet since you began studying for OWLs." I shook my head and laughed. She really was too perceptive for her own good. "Hermione…" She was bouncing on her side of the couch, looking at me and silently begging me to begin. I sighed, figuring I might as well just tell her because I knew if I didn't she get it out of me some other way. "I just don't know anymore, you know?" I looked up to Ginny who