Disclaimer: Anything you recognize belongs to J.K. Rowling (the Queen). The plot and idea is mine. Please read and review! On January 30, 1960, a baby girl was born to a family of muggles, Lily Jane Evans. A few months later, a baby boy was born on March 27 to the Potter's, James Fleamont Potter. Not far away in Wizarding London, a book sat, neglected in the Ministry. This book was not any ordinary book. It recorded the most rare of things and today it recorded something that had not happened for a couple centuries. March 27, 1960: On this date Mr. James Fleamont Potter was soulbonded to Ms. Lily Jane Evans. Eleven Years Later: It was a peaceful morning in the Evans house. Mrs. Evans was up and making breakfast wondering if she should go and wake up the girls. Mr. Evans was sitting in the living room reading the morning paper wondering what Mrs. Evans was making for breakfast. The eldest Evans daughter, Petunia, was sleeping soundly in her bedroom dreaming of what it would be like to have everything in her life absolutely perfect. The youngest Evans, Lily, was up and wondering what this new year in her life would bring. It wasn't everyday that you turned eleven. A few minutes later, Lily could hear her mother climbing up the stairs to wake up her and Petunia. Giggling to herself, she pretended to be asleep, snuggling down under her quilts and closing her eyes as her mother opened the door. "Good morning, Silly Lily." Her mother spoke softly as she walked over to her supposedly sleeping daughter. Sitting down on the edge of her bed, Mrs. Evans reached out a hand and began to tickle Lily. Within seconds Lily was screaming with laughter and trying her hardest to escape from her mother. "Mom! Stop! I'm awake!" Lily was trying desperately to wiggle her way out of her mom's grasp, but found herself unable to. Mrs. Evans just laughed and continued to tickle her despite her pleas to stop. "If you're awake, Silly Lily, then why were you pretending to sleep when I walked in. Huh?" Mrs. Evans stopped tickling Lily to give her a light kiss on the forehead. "Happy Birthday, Lily." Lily, still giggling, reached up to give her mother a hug as her mother began to tickle her sides again. Soon both Lily and Mrs. Evans were laughing and failed to notice the two figures standing in the doorway to Lily's room. It wasn't until Mr. Evans crept up behind Mrs. Evans and began to tickle her that they realized that he and Petunia were standing there. Once the commotion had calmed down and everyone was breathing normally, Mr. Evans went over to Lily and picked her up out of her bed spinning her around her room. Lily soon began screaming with delight as her father swung her around and around. "Happy Birthday my Giggly Lily!" He stopped spinning her to give her a kiss on her forehead and then set her down. Everyone laughed as Lily toppled over slightly, still dizzy from being spun around. It was then Petunia's turn for greetings and she quickly ran over and gave Lily a hug. "Happy Birthday Lillies!" Lily hugged Petunia back with so much force that Petunia shrieked with surprise. "Lily!" Soon Lily and Petunia were giggling and chasing each other around Lily's room in attempt to squeeze each other with hugs. Their parents sat on Lily's bed watching for awhile and then announced that if they wanted a warm breakfast they should go downstairs. Still giggling, the girls rushed down the stairs to the kitchen where a special birthday breakfast awaited Lily. Every birthday in the Evans house meant pancakes with syrup, fruit and whipped cream and every year the Evans birthday tradition turned into a food fight between Lily and Petunia. Within a couple of minutes, Lily and Petunia were throwing small berries covered in whipped cream at each other. Neither of them were very good at throwing so the berries ended up landing on the center of the table with a few hitting their opponents plate and even fewer actually hitting their opponent. The birthday food fight hadn't been going for very long when there was a knock at the door. Lily and Petunia quit throwing food and immediately glanced at their parents who glanced at each other, just as confused. "George, why don't you go and answer the door while the girls and I clean things up." Mrs. Evans looked from her husband who began to head to the door to her daughters who had begun to clean off the table. The cleaning didn't take that long because Mrs. Evans had been prepared. These birthday food fights had been happening for so long that on every birthday she would cover the table in a plastic tablecloth that would be thrown away at the end of every meal. The girls would clear off the plates, taking them to the sink as their mother took the dishes. Mrs. Evans would then clean the plates and dishes, putting all the leftover food in containers. The girls would fold up the tablecloth and throw it away and then cleaning would be done. While the girls and Mrs. Evans were cleaning up, Mr. Evans had gone to answer the door. Opening it, he found a stern, older woman dressed in emerald green robes with a matching pointed hat. Her hair was swept back into a tight bun at the nape of her neck and on the bridge of her nose rested a pair of square glasses. At first Mr. Evans could do nothing, but stare at the strange woman, but he eventually gathered himself together to say a few words. "Hello. Can I help you?" The older woman immediately nodded and took out a small envelope. On the back was a red seal with the image of castle. Surrounding it were the words, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. On the front of the envelope was the most peculiar address. To Ms. Lily Jane Evans Cokeworth, England First bedroom to the left, second floor Mr. Evans stared at this most peculiar address for quite some time before the stern older woman cleared her throat. "Excuse me, sir. I am Professor Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Am I correct in assuming you are Ms. Lily Jane Evans' father?" Mr. Evans looked back up at Professor McGonagall and gave a small, curt nod. "Wonderful. Now, is Ms. Lily Evans here at the moment?" Mr. Evans responded with the same nod, completely dumbfounded. "Would it be possible for me to talk with her as well as you, your wife and her sister? There is much to be discussed." Mr. Evans nodded again and motioned for her to come inside. After closing the door, he lead her to the living room and then left to get his wife and the girls. "Lily, there is someone her to talk to you and, well, the rest of us about some school." Mr. Evans handed Lily the peculiar envelope and then walked back out to the living room with the rest of them following. Mr and Mrs Evans sat on the couch with Petunia, while Lily sat in the chair across from Professor McGonagall. Lily didn't speak at first because she much too interested in the woman sitting across the way from her. She had never seen an outfit like it and thought it most peculiar. Her mother and Petunia were also very curious and wondered about this strange woman. "You must be Lily." The older lady smiled kindly towards Lily who nodded as she shrunk back into her chair. Petunia huddled closer to her mother as she had become very afraid of this woman. "I am Professor McGonagall. Deputy Headmistress at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, one of the finest wizarding schools in the world." Lily looked at Professor McGonagall with even more curiosity. "Hogwarts? I've never heard of that school and what exactly does this have to do with me?" Professor McGonagall adjusted herself in her seat before speaking. "Ms. Lily Evans. Hogwarts is a school that educates witches and wizards, helping them learn to control their magic and allowing them to reach their full magical potential. Hogwarts only accepts students with magical abilities and you are one of them. If you had no magical abilities, Hogwarts would have not contacted you and therefore you would have never known about the school." Professor McGonagall paused to look at Lily who was regarding her with much confusion and suspicion. "How do you know that I have these magical abilities and that I belong at Hogwarts?" Lily was very confused and couldn't wrap her head around what was happening. "My dear, Hogwarts has known that you were a witch from the day you were born and if you need further evidence, let me ask you this. Have you ever done something that you absolutely could not explain?" Professor McGonagall let her words sink in as Lily thought. Yes, she had. All those times when Petunia and her would play with their toy horses and they would somehow begin to fly and canter around the room. Those times when those ucky peas disappeared from plate when she didn't want to eat them. Everything was starting to make sense. Slowly, Lily turned her attention back to Professor McGonagall and nodded. "So because I was able to make all sorts of things happen with no explanation, I'm a witch?" Professor McGonagall nodded. "And because I'm a witch, I have been accepted into Hogwarts, a school for people like me, which will help me?" Professor McGonagall nodded again. "What exactly will I be doing at Hogwarts?" Professor McGonagall pointed to her letter. "That letter holds some answers to that question, but I have a feeling you will be needing some examples." With this she pulled out her wand and a simple sock. Lily was immediately interested and leaned forward to get a better look. Her parent's looked slightly afraid, but were also intrigued by what Professor McGonagall was about to do. Petunia however was completely frightened and burrowed herself further into her mother as to get away from whatever Professor McGonagall was doing. Before Professor McGonagall did anything though, she explained to Lily what her classes would be in her first year. "In your first year, your classes will include Potions, Transfiguration, Herbology, Astronomy, Defense Against the Dark Arts, History of Magic, Charms, and you will also have a classes instructing you on how to fly a broomstick. Potions is where you will be combining ingredients to create products that could help someone heal faster, enable you to turn into another person, and much more. Transfiguration is taking one object and making it into another, like this." Wish a swish and loop of her wand, Professor McGonagall transfigured the sock into a small vase and then back. "Herbology is where you will study magical plants and their abilities. Astronomy is the study of the heavens. Defense Against the Dark Arts works with the darker side of magic and is about protecting yourself. History of Magic is about the history of magic, self-explanatory. Charms is where you learn spells that could be used in duels, everyday tasks, or in future jobs. For example, the Cheering Charm would make a person happy. The flying classes will teach you how to fly on a broomstick and are only during the first term. Questions?" Professor McGonagall looked over at Lily and her family while putting away her wand and the sock. Lily was so excited, nervous, curious, overwhelmed. There were so many questions about this and that she wasn't sure where to begin. Her family on the other hand was looking at her with curiosity and wonder. "I suggest that you take a look at the letter Ms. Evans before you ask any questions." Lily