"And you, Liomen, son of Eormis, I salute you now as one of our finest riders. None ever sat atop a horse with such grace." Theoden smiles and raises his mug, the other Rohirrim following suit. "Hail Liomen!" I smile, and incline my head in thanks. None of them know who I truly am , I muse. "I thank you, my king," I announce in a deep voice, dropping to a knee, "but no recognition is needed for one Eorlingas. A Rider of Rohan is loyal, and fights for the one who leads him simply out of love." I move my eyes slightly, and I find Eomer's on mine, silent, yet full of depth and emotion. I love him. "Well said," Theoden congratulates, clapping me on the shoulder. He turns to his nephew, bestowing upon him an approving nod, despite his grim countenance. "You've made a wise choice. Liomen will serve you well- I sense the bond affection between marshal and Rider is strong." "The strongest of bonds," Eomer answers, and he and I both know that Theoden cannot even begin to guess the true depths of our relationship. What would Theoden say if he knew a woman knelt before him! What would he say, furthermore, that his nephew, the only one who knew my secret, had kept this knowledge from him for years? What would he say if he knew said woman and said nephew were in love? These questions enter my mind as Theoden takes my arm, hoisting me to my feet. "Still light as ever," he says with a fatherly smile. "We will need to fatten you up some, Liomen, if we are to ever find you a wife." Eomer is in the process of taking a drink, and I hear him choke on his ale at that one. "Or have you already found a girl?" "There is no woman, my lord," I say with another smile, "that could ever tear me from my duty to my lord." Eomer seems a bit relieved as Theoden laughs. "Well said, Rider, well said." I receive a clap on my shoulder as the King of Rohan walks off, moving to socialize with other Riders. He moves, trying to encourage those whose hearts would fail, those who have lost hope as Aragorn and his three companions ventured into the land of the dead. Tonight, however, all are merry, taking heart in the last comforts available before our possible death. Eomer crosses to me, offering me another mug. "I don't have to worry about a woman stealing you from me then?" he teases as I take a drink, his hand 'accidentally' brushing mine. "Or should I be afraid?" I quaff the mug in a few moments, turning a smirk to him. "No woman, nor man, could ever hope to sway my loyalty," I assure him, pressing the cup back into his chest. His eyes fall on my lips, and I purposely lick the ale off of them. I can hear him swallow, and I nearly laugh. "Why, Eomer," I say with mock innocence, "what would your uncle say if he saw you looking like that at one of his Riders?" "You, in the next room, now." I laugh as Eomer steers me out, and as we leave, I feign drunkenness, pretending to be losing consciousness as he takes me up to my room. Once the door is shut, however, I stand up as his lips close passionately on mine. I lock my arms around his neck, kissing him back as his hands run the length of my back. We remain locked like this for a few moments, but when Eomer's head descends to my throat, I push him back gently. His eyes are questioning as he looks up, tilting his head. "I thought you like having your throat kissed?" "I do," I say, embracing him again, "And that's exactly why we have to stop. Do you have any idea what would happen if someone found us here? What would they think?" "...Lucky prince?" I force myself not to smile. "Eomer... Nobody knows Liomen son of Eormis is really Lyris, daughter of Eormis. We have to keep it that way- we can't take chances, not now." I hold his face in my hands, kissing the tip of his nose. "We ride for Gondor in the morning." "Which is exactly why I need you tonight." There is something different in his tone, and I look to him, into those deep brown eyes that have for so long been my salvation. There is indeed need there, and a fear I can tell was born of no self-interest. He fears he will lose me, just as I fear I will lose him. "I love you, Lyris," he says quietly, catching my hands in his. He produces something from a pocket, and slips it on my finger, lifting it to touch his lips. "This war has been fought for a ring," he murmurs, meeting my eyes. "I hope to end it for one." I look to the ring on my finger, and back up to him, my eyes welling slightly. "Eomer," I whisper and his lips kiss my tears. "Eomer, this means...If we live... I won't be able to fight at your side anymore.. Who will- who'll be your second? Who will support you, who will.. Who will..." He silences me with a kiss, his hands sliding up until his thumbs are resting on the inside of my elbows. "I don't care," he says in my ear, his lips brushing against my cheek. "I don't care- all I want is you, Lyris... For the rest of my life." I can feel my resistance slip away as his arms encircle me and pull me closer. "I fight this war for you. If I lose you..." "Eomer..." "If I lose you, Lyris... I can't go on without you," he manages, and I can't take it anymore. I kiss him. So many times have I heard this speech from other Riders towards their women, a bet to get what they long for, but with Eomer, it is different. He is a man of honor, one who I know would give his life for me if the occasion called for it. How many times have we begun this dance, only to stop where we are now? There have been times I've wanted to break the rules, and times he has. Now we both want to break them. I kiss his cheek, standing on my tiptoes to reach his ear. "If one of us loses the other... If you lose me... I want to die knowing I have loved you as much as I could," I say softly, and I feel the wetness on his face as he buries his head in my shoulder. This is hard for him, I know- it is hard for my marshal to show emotion where he has always been strong and stern, a wise leader. Now, there is only me to see him break. "Lyris.." His eyes search mine, a worry there. "If this isn't what you..." He is silenced as I lay a finger to his lips. My heart is beating impossibly fast; I love him so much, and I've wanted to take this step since the night we were forced into the caverns by marauding Orcs. I am twenty-three; six years I've been waiting for this. Six years have we loved each other, keeping our relationship secret. "I want this, Eomer," I tell him, pulling him gently to the bed in the corner. He sits on the edge obligingly, pulling me to him as I lean into his chest, the of us just holding each other. My fingers find the leather strip that holds his hair in place, and I tug it out, letting the mane that so reminds me of a lion cascade down his shoulders. He pulls my own wheaten locks out of their binding. He then reaches up under my shirt and pulls off the linen hiding my femininity, and I draw a breath as my lungs fill for the first time in days. "Lyris... the door..." I nip his ear in response. "All taken care of." It is not long before all the other necessities are taken care of, and as we become one, I can't help but remember the first night he found out my truth. I was a young Rider, newly accepted to the ranks. My father Eormis was wounded from battle, and my mother could no longer support them with her needlework due to a creeping illness that gnarled her hands. The family of a Rider is always provided for by the King, and in most families, a Rider has a son to enter the ranks and ensure his family's security. If the family has nothing but female descendants, they still receive a pension- so long as the Rider was either released or forced to leave due to grievous wounds.My father, unfortunately, left the service of the Eorlingas after a threat from my mother to leave if he neglected his wife and daughter anymore. For years she supported her family with her beautiful needleworking skills, an art that can be seen on the tapestries in the Golden Hall and on the King's robes. Time took its toll on her, however, and by the time I was seventeen, we were out of options and I was still unmarried. To me, there had only been one option. I'd known much of the way of the Riders from what my father had taught me, and after binding my chest, mixing soot onto my complexion, and darkening my usually wheat-colored hair, I looked enough like a fair-faced boy to be accepted into the service, despite claims that an Elvish nature resided somewhere in my blood. I changed my name from Lyris to Liomen, and I was assigned to a younger Eomer's service. He was new to the service of a marshal, given mostly inept young ones to work with. He and I formed a fast friendship and worked quickly to turn our recruits into warriors. It wasn't long until we had the finest fighting force in Rohan. Then Theoden sent us to scope out the situation near the Gap- reports were that Wargs had been spotted, and Eomer led five of us, myself included, to investigate. We were ambushed by Orcs, and Eomer and I were forced to take refuge in a cave while the rest of our group headed back to Rohan. I had taken several heavy, though non-mortal hits, and Eomer- my best friend by now- insisted on treating them as I lay. "No," I begged him as he reached to my tunic. "Please, I'll be fine, there's no need-" We were best friends, and an uneasy tension lay between us. I loved him even then, and I grew more concerned as I came to realize just how tense he had become around me. I am compelled to note that Eomer later confessed to me that the following scene was particularly difficult for him. It is hard enough for a man to admit to having feelings for a woman, but by his own word, he had begun to have feelings for someone he thought was a man, and that was unnerving for the proud Rohirrim. I shied away from his touch, and he hesitated, but then he finally spoke. "It's all right, Liomen," he assured me, concern in his eyes. "I'm just going to treat your wounds, but I need you to take off your shirt. That's all, I swear." "Eomer, please, it's not that..." I got up and began to stagger away, but Eomer was adamant. I found myself suddenly tackled from behind. I struggled, but Eomer managed to pull it off, revealing the tight linen that wrapped me from my heart to my waist. The linen was gashed from Orc blows in a few places, and it had lain the linen open, revealing soft and supple skin