Disclaimer I do not own PJO or SpongeBob Square pants or any of its characters I only own the story and any characters I create, Percy's POV age 6 Today was the day that I am finally going to meet mummy's new boyfriend and I couldn't wait! I had been having dreams of him being tall and handsome, I had also imagined him being extremely kind and funny and the type of person that always, made you life no matter your situation. Hoping to impress him I got up extremely early and rushed to the shower hoping to be there before mummy does so I can be all dressed up before he gets here. As I had a nice shower I put on my suit that I had got for very special occasions and to me this is one. after I was all nicely dressed up I stole some of mummy's perfume because I had heard people say that she smelt nice with it and I wanted to smell nice too! Once that was done I ran to the living room and sat on the sofa and watched SpongeBob Square pants as it was my favourite TV show and I could never stop watching it. After a couple episodes I heard mummy start her shower which meant that she had just woken up which exited me further as that it was getting closer to the time he was arriving. I only knew that he was arriving at what mummy calls noon. I don't know what time that is or what time it is now as my teachers haven't taught me on time all I know is that there are hours, minutes and seconds nothing else. After finishing my third episode of the morning I heard the shower turn off I ran into Mummy's room to tell her how exited I was to see him when I entered I saw Mummy with a towel wrapped around her and her hair was dripping wet but I ignored that and I spoke as quickly as I could trying to say just how exited I was to meet him. After I finished all I got as a reply was a confused and surprised expression from my mummy before she answered back with "Calm down Percy what's gotten you so over exited and overly dressed. Don't tell me you have got dressed up about meeting Gabe?" When she said Gabe I looked at her extremely confused. "Who is Gabe?" I asked as I had never hear her mention that name to me "Is that your new boyfriend you told me I was meeting today?" In reply she nodded. Immediately I started asking questions about him such as "Where did you two meet?" or "Does he have a good sense of humour?" or more importantly "Is he kind to you?" When I finished asking her the bombardment of questions she started laughing shooing me away so she can go get changed. As I walked away I started thinking about the question I had just asked and the way she had just sent me away after them I started wondering what he was really like compared to my hopes but before I could think into it I heard SpongeBob starting on the TV and I forgot about everything and raced over to watch it. After several more episodes of SpongeBob I Heard the door bell go off and I ran as fast as I was could straight to the door. When I arrived at the door I was greeted with the horrible stench of pig odour I covered my nose and then I heard my Mummy walk pass and she told me to be nice and not to be rude about the smell. Deciding that she was right I removed my hand from my nose and I walked towards the door and waited for the door to open and when it did I was almost sick the man that was standing in front of me was like 5 feet 4 inches tall looked like he was double that in width. He was wearing a half broken t-shirt and some really long trousers. Worst of all when he entered the house which took like ten minutes for him to fit through the door he just pushed past us both and made way for the kitchen as he was following the way that he could smell food. Me and Mummy chased after him to see what he was doing and we found him half way through eating our roast chicken that Mummy was cooking for lunch today. What was the most revolting thing was that he chewed with his mouth open which Mummy tells me is a very naughty thing to do and will make others around you uncomfortable and I could see what she meant by that. As he ate I got a better look at him he had next to no hair and had an extremely bushy beard that looked like it could hide a rat in it. He was still wearing his shoes around the house which was getting the carpet really muddy. Even though all of this was happening Mummy still wasn't getting angry yet if I did it she would send me to my room. But why is she just ignoring what is happening. Pushing the thought to the back of my mind I stepped forward and introduced myself and put my hand out to shake his hand which he stared at before taking it and shaking it very roughly and slurred as he was still chewing "I am Gabe!" As he spoke I got some food fly into my face mixed with his spit. As I stepped back I wiped it off and I looked back at him then at my mummy as they were talking quietly before Gabe spoke up and said "I have to say Sally you have such a nice place I will move in right away!" And that was the start of how he moved in. 2 years later Today was a very different story I now spent more time at school than at home and I never really made friend with any one at school so most nights I was at school studying all alone. Tonight was one of those nights I was studying on my topic that I am doing for History and geography together and that was Pirates. When we first started learning about them it instantly engaged me it made me happy which a very rare thing these days. I had always imagined what it would be like to be a pirate sailing the seven seas fighting and taking over a life of adventure. It was the life I had always wanted but with that pig smelly Gabe I was going nowhere even if I wanted to unless I ran away as I could never do it as Gabe had threatened to do to my Mummy as he does to me I leave. When I got back as usual Mummy was still at work leaving me with Gabe as I got in I was instantly pushed up against the wall and punched straight in the stomach enough to make me choke up blood he the grabbed hold of my arm before smashing a punch on my elbow almost breaking it but he did get some my bone to pop out of the skin which sickened me at the sight of it but what he did next surprised me he grabbed hold of my head before bring it down and he chucked me on the floor and smashed his foot on my ribs snapping a couple making me howl in pain but then I felt something I have never felt before. Pure rage! When he went to do it again I grabbed his foot before twisting it and bring it towards me whist rotating it causing him to hit his head on the floor flipping myself up which by the way I had never been able to do before I picked him up by the back of his shirt and smashed his face on the wall and then turned him around then I round house kicked him back onto the floor before I walked away confused at how I had been able to do it I had never taken lessons or anything I had always been the tall thin kid that is picked on all the time at school or at home. When I was almost at my room I heard a battle cry and I turned around to find smelly Gabe charging at me almost instinctively I ran towards him before doing a front flip and mid air I grabbed hold of his head and when I landed I carried on turning until Gabe's head was smashed onto the ground. Once his head made contact to the ground I realised that my Mum be here soon so I decided to try to carry smelly Gabe back to their room. After about half an hour of dragging him I got him in to his room and onto his bed. Just I had done that I could hear Keys in the door so I tried to rush over to my room only for Gabe's hand to reach over and grab me before getting a pillow to try to suffocate whilst this was happening I could hear my mum getting closer and I didn't want her to catch Gabe or she would be his next victim so struggled as much as possible that I could escape but to no avail and the next thing I saw was bitter sweet darkness. Think that I was dead I stopped struggling because why would I be struggling on my way to heaven or where ever I am going as I was never really a religious person. But then suddenly I heard my mum's voice had he already taken care of her as he would say. Suddenly I realised I wasn't dead he had just hid me behind him realising I could now breath I slowly moved towards the edge of the bed without him noticing before BANG! I fell head first onto the floor getting up as quickly as I could I turned towards Gabe and my mum and I could tell my mum wanted an explanation and Gabe well Gabe just looked at me with utter most rage before he got and put his hand around my throat and tried to choke which my mum gasped at before going over there and trying to get me away from him which he replied with a punch round the face pushing her to the floor. When I saw my mother hit the ground I was super angry so I kicked him in the chest which made him drop me and falling onto the bed I rushed over to my mum and started to shake her to wake her up but to no avail. I started crying but the suddenly I felt a foot make contact with my back which sent my sprawling across the floor. As another foot came flying down I rolled to the side before getting up and swinging yet another punch at Gabe which knocked him on the floor next to my mother he looked at her before smirking he grabbed hold of her with two hands. When he had her I almost screamed in rage but before I could attack he spoke "If you move any closer I will break her neck and kill her boy don't move and give yourself in and I will let her live but I won't be able to promise the same about you. Anger filled me at this statement I felt like a volcano about to erupt but surprisingly I was able to keep my cool then it was as if something was controlling me I lifted my arms before pointing at Gabe which seemed to confuse both me and him and