There will be four parts to this story. It'll be like taking track of their relationship progress I guess. To when each one first realized their crush, to how they cope with it, and finally the fourth chapter will be them admitting it to each other. And perhaps even a little friskiness. Hence why its rated T. So, this is taking place after Nico is walking away from telling Percy of his crush. Also bear with me, I'm not too great at third person. qvq - beginning - In all his life, he couldn't believe he'd actually done that. His heart was still thumping hard against his chest as he walked proudly away from a dumbfounded Percy Jackson. Though it wasn't because he still liked him or anything — sea-brains were just not his type — but because he'd actually come out to someone. It was weird, like admitting some part of you that was supposed to be secret and hidden. Then again he couldn't not tell him after all those years of loathing. Loathing himself, to be exact. And it wasn't like he should feel ashamed. Before he had come to terms with his sexuality, he'd noticed a few things. Like some, or rather a lot, of people in Camp Half-Blood were couples. And those couples were of the same sex. It had bewildered Nico at first, but now it didn't bother him as much. And then there was Will. Nico was forced out of his troubling array of thoughts as he stepped towards the son of Apollo, his blond hair tousled about. Nico's stomach churned in that nervous way it did when he was looking forward to something but despising it at the same time. Anticipation? Probably. As well as a hint of nervousness. And ever so rudely he was jostled out of his thoughts as a rather impatient and annoyed Will fixed him with two brightly colored blue eyes. "So, what was that all about?" Nico began to shuffle his feet at the expression on the surfer-like boy's face. Jealousy? No. That couldn't possibly be it. They'd only met yesterday anyways, in the heat of battle. All the while Will had probably seen the worst of Nico. He had practically told the healer to let a crazed guy to kill himself in all his roman-comet glory. And he'd also worn a ridiculous Hawaiian shirt while cutting down dog headed monsters. Brilliant. So much for first impressions. "Just catching up," he finally replied after thinking long and hard on the question. He couldn't possibly tell Will that he'd had a silly school boy's crush on Percy and had just told him... in front of his girlfriend. That made him smile. At least the air was cleared and he could finally consider Percy and Annabeth his friends. He heard the fifteen year old mutter something under his breath that went unheard to Nico, but dismissed it as Will poked him in the chest. "Right, well. You'll have to put that all aside for now. Catching up can wait, but your health predicament can not." He was reminded about the deal they had made. Three days, and he had ' Sworn on the River Styx, and all that! '. Curse him, and his respect on promises. Why had he made that oath again? Oh, right. Because he tended to put himself in weird situations all the time. Like almost become a shadow, or in Will's words, a pile of dark goop. "So... three days?" Nico began hesitantly. His feathery black hair spread across his cheeks, which were beginning to turn a nervous pale pink color. And for the second time that day, little skeletal butterflies seemed to flutter about in his stomach. All because of a son of Apollo. Well, a rather handsome son of Apollo. You just had to ignore his somewhat annoyingly stubborn attitude. "Yep. Then you should be looking and feeling much better; but I still don't want you doing that underworld-y stuff again. You should wait for a while. Doctor's orders, n' all," Will said in a commanding voice. It seemed to suit him. No doubt he'd had to use that voice on many of his other patients. That made his stomach flipflop as he thought, so I'm just another patient ...? That annoyed him in two different ways. One, he didn't know why it mattered so much if he was or wasn't. And two, having a sun baked know-it-all doctor commanding him around... that just was not how he rolled. Nico's brows furrowed as he replied in an agitated tone, "I don't need you to babysit me and tell me what to do." At least he was being honest. He didn't need to be told what to do. Believe it or not, this 15 year old had seen many a-things in his short life. Some of which would surprise any mature adult. Having lived off of pomegranate seeds and trudged through Tartarus itself, Nico thought he could handle himself. Then again he seemed to do stupid underworld magic when he couldn't afford to. Maybe he did need someone to keep him out of trouble. And apparently Will had suspected as much as he answered with a stubborn, "Nonetheless, Nico, you'll be spending three days in here. Sworn on the River Styx as I recall. Which will be great for your health complexion, since you look like a vampire that got too much sun." He glanced down at his tied posterior. His face was probably gaunt and sunken, tired and dull. He had after all hauled a 40 foot statue half way across the world. And it was just because of that reason he was here. Luck or not, Nico wasn't sure. And so he soundlessly agreed to Will ushering him in with strong hands — which wasn't at all making Nico's heart thump wildly — and placing him next to a hospital bed. As soon as they reached it, he flinched from the physical contact and shoved him away. Not gently, but not harshly. He didn't want to hurt Will's feelings, but he couldn't stand contact. Then he allowed his eyes to wander the welcoming and sunny hospital. Each bed was sectioned off by thin white curtains. It would have been complete with bird lilt in the air, but alas, the only thing sounding were the desperate groans of pain from other demigods. Nico could secretly feel bits of life flickering in and out here and there. His hair rose on the back of his neck at that. He'd felt so many people die and fade from life. But he'd never gotten used to it, as much as others may believe or as much as he attempted to convince himself otherwise. And Will seemed to realize too because his face suddenly turned flustered and contorted. "I'm so sor-" he began, but Nico quickly cut him off with a wave of his hand. The last thing he needed was more babying. "Nothing to apologize for." "But-" "I need to sleep. Night." "At least let me-" "Goodnight," that came out a little more harsher than expected. Nico was already wrapping himself with the hospital bed sheets and dared a peek at Will. The freckled boy had a hurt look across his tanned face, but he quickly scrunched up and sniffed as if to say, Fine, don't say I didn't warn you though. And with that Nico found himself instantly drifting into sleep. He hadn't realized how tired he was until he finally closed his eyes, but the wave of unconscious was almost instantaneous. He was thrust into a sleep that left him sweating and his heart quickening with fear. Nightmares were one thing, but demigod nightmares were another. What Nico didn't realize was a strong pair of arms hauling him from the hospital bed to a more confined part of the hospital. He was placed down gently against the sheets and tucked in with gentle hands. Will smiled to himself as he gazed down at the sleeping form of Nico di Angelo. That kid was something, a real piece of work. He chuckled to himself merrily, before inwardly cursing and peering at the son of Hades. Though he didn't seem to stir, thank the Gods. Seems like he was a deep sleeper. And with one last glance, Will Solace peeled from the specially labeled room and began to tend to his others patients, not as important as Nico, but patients that needed his attention. He had work to do, and he needed to get done with them as soon as possible so he could focus on the skinny boy sleeping soundly in the room next door. - first day - He woke to something warm pressed against his forehead, which felt unbearably hot and clammy. Though his subconscious knew what it was, Nico dared to peek behind lidded eyes at the concerned expression of Will. He just didn't know when to let up, did he? "Wha're... doing?" Nico mumbled. His expression bore that of sleep as he was pulled into the world of waking. He could feel his clothes, drenched with sweat, clinging to his body uncomfortably. Clothes were definitely not made for being worn wet, Nico decided. "You're running a fever. Started mumbling in your sleep and stuff. It was kind of scary because for a minute you wouldn't wake up," replied the concentrated voice of Will. It began to slowly register on Nico's drowsy state that Will's hand was still pressed to his forehead. That pulled him awake. It was as if somebody had shot him with and extra dose of caffeine. The younger boy propped himself up and instantly whacked the older boy's hand from his face. He did not like unwanted touching, especially when that person was both handsome and so close . Not to mention the weird bubbly feeling being resurrected in his stomach. "I'm just trying to help," came the stubborn protest he'd expected to hear. Instead of replying though Nico pulled himself up to a sitting position and looked out of the curtains. Through the thick shadows, he could see it was probably around Midnight. He'd slept for a while. His expression turned even more confused when he didn't recognize the bed he was laying in. He hadn't been laying here before when he fell asleep, had he? He glanced at his surroundings with a fuzzed vision and his breath hitched. Had Will... carried him here? While he was sleeping? "Whoa there, Death Boy. I know you slept for a whole 17 hours and all, but you're still out of sorts," came that annoying concerned voice again. Why did he sound like he cared so much for his well-being anyways? Well... despite him apparently carrying him to a place that... was confined. He was surprised that he couldn't hear the groans of the others, or the pained souls drifting in and out of near death. If he wasn't so busy admiring Will's valiant effort, he would be blushing from head to toe. Especially after... Nico ignored the doctors persistent voice and hauled himself from the bed. Instantly he regretted that decision because his head pounded in protest. It was like a million drums had suddenly started an offbeat chorus, and there was no stopping it. His stomach swam and he could feel the contents of yesterday's breakfast slush around - or the day before yesterday's breakfast. He couldn't remember the last time he'd had a decent meal, to be honest. "See?" Nico huffed stubbornly and pressed his feet against the cold floor. That seemed to feel nice. He could already feel his headache decrease as he let the cool floor chill his overheated body. "I'd rather not be cooped up and in bed all the time, Solace." Will gave an offended expression towards his direction, and Nico felt himself bristle. What had he said this time? It seemed that everything he said upset the other demigod. But apparently Nico had