Chapter 1: Spirit of the Past Flashing lightning. Booming thunder. Rain pouring down like the sky itself was weeping in despair. It was raining the night I was born, a thunderstorm so powerful that it shook the very walls of the hospital I was being born at. How ironic that a thunderstorm was raging when I thought I was going to die from having my heart broken into a million little pieces. My entire body felt like it was being weighed down by weights, to the point that I could barely even lift a finger, let alone stand back up. Lightning danced through the sky, the booming thunder sounding only half a second later, the flashes stung my already red and puffy eyes. I could feel the boom from the thunder vibrate in my very bones like a hammer hitting a nail. Another bolt of lightning struck a large tree not twenty yards away from me, the tree shattered like a rock being thrown through a painted glass window, and the raw power behind the bolt made my eyes widen in wonder. I wondered how it would feel to be struck by lightning, would I be blown to bits like that tree, would my heart simply give out, would it be painful, or perhaps I wouldn't feel anything? Another bolt of lightning shot through the air, almost taunting me to stand up against its divine power, and it gave me a reason to get back to my feet. I forgot about Edward Cullen, I forgot about the Cullens in general, and I began to stumble of the mountain that Edward had left me on. More thunder clapped in the distance, the rain came down harder until I felt like I was walking through a muddy swamp, but I still continued up the mountain to face the taunting lightning. My clumsy feet somehow kept their traction on the slippery rocks, I had to cover my eyes to keep the raging wind and rain from completely blinding me, all the while another clap of thunder shook me to my very core. I don't know how to explain it, there were no words to describe how I truly felt at the moment, but the lightning and thunder began to clap and boom so fast that it matched my beating heart, even as my heart began beating faster. I was now to the point where I had no choice but to climb with my hands and my feet and, as my fingers dug into the cracks of the mountain side, the thunder began to sound less like the breaking of the sound barrier and more like drums being beaten over and over. The howling winds hit me with almost enough strength to send my flying off the mountain side, but I held strong and could have sworn I heard chanting coming from the wind. I climbed higher, I climbed further than I ever had before, I climbed with a determination that not even this storm could snuff out. Even as the lightning struck close and closer, as I went higher and higher, I wouldn't allow anything to stop me from reaching the top of this mountain. I suddenly found it ironic that I would fight nature itself to get to the top of a mountain, in the middle of a thunderstorm, but I couldn't keep my vampire boyfriend from leaving me. My sudden destruction had nearly cost me when the mountain shook like a growling bear, nearly shaking me off, but I held strong and continued climbing. A sudden clapping of thunder shook the sky, but i could have sworn that I saw something flapping in the clouds, something so large that the clouds barely even encompassed it, yet I kept climbing. My jacket became heavy from all the water that had soaked into it, so I carefully let it slide off my body and fall hundreds of feet to the ground below. Then the rocks became to slippery for my shoes so I kicked them off and slowly pried off my socks so that I was barefoot. I don't know where all of this strength came from, before I could barely do gym class and now I was climbing a mountain in the strongest storm I had ever seen. As I continued to climb, my hands feeling raw and my fingers aching from the climb, I eventually reached a part where I could climb no further but there was another path open to me. The only problem was the new way up the mountain was three six feet to my right and the only way to get there was to jump. My mind began to race, would I try and make the jump or turn back? My heart pounded in my chest like a caged animal trying to break free from it's prison. I made up my mind, it only took me a few second to do so, before I used all of my strength to leap from my stop to where my climb could continue. As I flew through the air, defying gravity itself, I felt a sense of freedom but I quickly realized I had to catch myself or I would never feel this freedom again. The moment my hand grasped the ledge, a powerful howl ripped its way through the raging storm and made my heart nearly skip a beat. I still managed to pull myself up, my toes gripping the mountainside as best they could, I continued on my journey towards the top. I finally reached the top of the mountain, as in the very top where there was still snow and my feet were freezing, but I never felt more alive than I do at this moment. The wind roared around me, although it no longer seemed to be trying to push me off the mountain but lift me above it. When another bolt of lightning lit up the cloud in front of me, my breath escaped me because the shadow of a massive bird lay before me. My eyes lit up in wonder at the illuminated shadow, "Amazing," Whether the massive creature was a part of my imagination or not, thunder seemed to boom around me every time the bird flapped its wings and bolts of lightning shot out of its eyes and into the sky. Looking around, while somehow keeping my eyes on the shadow, I saw the storm grow even more powerful, to the point that I was literally lifted off the ground by the wind itself. Up and up I went, until my eyes hurt from how hard the wind was hitting my face, I traveled through clouds of lightning while the massive shadow followed me further up. Eventually I broke through the dense grey clouds and marveled at the glowing moon set against the midnight sky, it was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. Then, shooting out of the clouds before opening itself up as wide as it could, a immense eagle floated before her with a forked tail. I looked into its man sized eyes, my heart pounding in anticipation, before it let out a beautiful cry and opened its eyes as wide as they could go. For a second we both just floated there, the wind keeping me in this paradise, but twin bolts of lightning shot from the eagle's eyes and hit my heart with the force of a eighteen wheeler truck, knocking the wind right out of me. "I'm falling?" I asked, I can't believe I'm falling! I fell from my paradise, the one reprieve from the hell that had been the last hour, I fell back into the thundering clouds and was soaked by rain once more. Another cry tore through the air, making me open my eyes, and that's when I saw the eagle diving down as if to catch me before I hit the ground. A sudden pain in my back and all I knew was blackness. (The next day) My heart was racing again, I felt like my skin was being shocked over and over, but nothing compared to the feeling that my bones were literally on fire. I thought the pain of losing Edward was bad but it didn't even come close to what I was feeling now, nothing would ever come close to the mind numbing pain I had been feeling for what felt like an eternity. I wanted to be back up in the sky, I wanted to see that paradise just one more time before this pain killed me, I wanted to see the lightning again, to feel the thunder match my beating heart, and I really wanted this pain to stop! "Stop!" I shouted at the top of my lungs, my body suddenly shooting up as four figures around me suddenly stepped back in surprise. "Bella honey, are you alright?" that was a voice I would know anywhere, even if I couldn't make out the face that it belonged to. "Charlie?" my voice felt wrong, like it wasn't my voice at all and yet I knew it sounded exactly the same. "I'm right here honey, Sam Uley found you out in the woods after the storm rolled through. Bella what happened?" I found it rather heart warming that Charlie's first concern was my health, but I doubted he would be so sure of my mental health if I told him I went flying through the clouds and saw a building size eagle that could shoot lightning from its eyes. "I," what was I going to say? "Perhaps we should let her rest some more, Jacob please take Charlie into the kitchen for some more coffee," ah now there was a voice I had no trouble recognizing, there was no way I could ever forged the powerful tone of Billy Black, Jacob's father. "Um...yea OK. If you need anything I'll just be in the kitchen," as my vision cleared I could see the worry in Charlie's face, the way his brows scrunched together and he looked far older than he actually was. As Charlie and Jacob left the room, I swung my legs over the couch I had been placed on, only to find Billy giving me a look that I had only ever seen him give Jacob when he was in very deep shit. My brain actually shut down for a moment, a thousand and one questions ran through my mind so fast that I was sure smoke was coming out of my ears. Yet I only came back to reality when I felt Billy's rough hands on my shoulder, the old man was actually giving me a smug look. "That's the same look Jacob gives me when he thinks I've caught him doing something wrong. Don't worry child, you can tell me anything and I would never judge you," he said to me, but I could see a certain look in his old dark eyes and it reminded me of when Edward knew something but would make me figure it out for myself. "It's nothing, just a bad dream," I lied, I was never really any good at lying, but Billy seemed to let it drop and I was able to let out a breath I didn't even know I was holding. The next thing I knew months had passed by the time I even blinked my eyes, I wonder if this is what vampires feel like when they are around us mortals. I tried my best to keep my grades up in school, honestly I did, but I could never pay attention to the boring classes. After school, almost every day, I had been going down to La Push to hang out with Jacob and the other reservation members. In fact, here I was again sitting around one of the large bonfires on the beach while Billy was telling the story of the Invisible Warrior. "Then Strongwind's sister asked her what he pulled his sled with