Of all the hair-brained ideas she's had, this might actually be the worst one! And she's had plenty of far-fetched, I mean really out there, crazy, this-should-be-impossible ideas before. Granted, most of said ideas were born out of necessity during various stages of saving the wizarding world… Every. Damn. Year. For the last seven years. But honestly, this was supposed to be a "normal" year. Well, as normal as you can get when returning to Hogwarts as an "Eight Year" because last year sucked so bad for Hogwarts, and so many people being on the run (herself included, kinda)… oh, and yeah, THE WAR! Which she was a "heroine" of… not that she necessarily disagreed with that title. But it's not like she had much choice in the matter. THIS, however… this was supposed to be her year to be a (semi) normal student before she had to be all adult and chose her future path and all that rubbish, Hermione thought on her way to the Room of Requirements. Or rather, the new room the castle made in response to losing that room during the battle. One could argue that Hermione is already an adult… what with being so responsible at an early age and then being responsible for the wizarding world because she made friends with Harry in first year. She hasn't really had a proper childhood since being at Hogwarts, but that was why she wanted to come back for this last year. She wanted a little bit of time to just be in a mostly comfortable environment, doing what she loves best – learning. She wanted time to decompress before a new stressor. And while she was looking forward to starting an adult life, it was a new and frankly terrifying idea at the moment. The year so far was going swimmingly until she mucked it up with this idea! Well, truthfully, it wasn't all that swell. She missed Ron and Harry, who hadn't returned with her; and like many students, she had some anxiety and nightmare issues, but the mind healers they added this year has been helping with that. It was one of their ideas for her to "let loose some," "enjoy the here and now" tripe. Maybe that's why she went to that stupid pre-Christmas party last night which had landed her in her current predicament! She inwardly rolled her eyes as she arrived at the new Come and Go Room. She had set everything up to her specification earlier and had Luna hold the room for her while she went back to the dorms to finish getting ready for this train wreck. Now all she had to do was summon up every ounce of Gryffindor courage she had to walk through that door and show them she was true to her word! You can do this, you can do this, you can do this! With one more fortifying breath, she yanked the door open and walked through. Looking around the room, everything was still in place, but now there was an audience. You can do this! She adjusted the lighting so she could ignore them better. She followed it up with a muting spell over the crowd that made normal noises seem like whispers. Then she checked to make sure her earlier spells were still in effect. Thankfully, they were. Those actions helped calm her frayed nerves quite a bit. Now they were just waiting on the guest to arrive. Luna signaled that the guest had arrived and was about to enter, so Hermione took off her robes to reveal her outfit for the night. The beating of her heart had ratcheted up at Luna's signal and was so loud in her ears that she did not hear the slight gasps and murmur of surprise in response. She donned a leather corset vest with violet short sleeve blouse that accentuated her breasts without putting them too much on display. A black skirt that fell to mid thigh and knee-high lace up boots finished the ensemble. It was sexy without being garish. It had the added bonus of making her feel powerful in her sexuality, despite her relative inexperience. While she never put much stock into the adage that "the clothes make the man," these clothes made her feel that she might just be able to complete this challenge… maybe. She theoretically knows how this should all happen… she researched it after all. But knowing theoretically and actually doing can be vastly different. The best she could do now was hope she doesn't make a total fool of herself. But luckily, she thought of a few precautions that should help, even if things were to fail. After a heartbeat or two, her guest came into the room following Luna. Luna walked off and disappeared into the darkened audience. Hermione looked at the new arrival and scrutinized her appearance. She was close to her own height normally, but Hermione towered over her with her heels. That made her happy. She wanted to project a domineering persona and the added height from the start would help some. "Remove all your clothes. Fold and place them on the chair by the door," Hermione stated in her best no-nonsense voice. Her counterpoint momentarily glared at her as if to tell her to sod off, but after a moment, seemed to think better of it and started to strip. While Hermione watched the girl strip, she couldn't help but remember how events last night was the start of all this. Last night was the start of the last weekend before the Christmas break and several of the Seventh and Eighth years wanted to cut loose and throw a party. Hermione heard about the party a little late because many thought she wouldn't be interested in breaking any school rules. Like she hadn't been breaking rules since her first year! She assured people that there wouldn't be any tattling, as long as it was restricted to students who were of age since the main point of the party was to drink and probably would include a good deal of fooling around. She felt that as long as the participants were legal, they weren't really breaking any important rules and if they were contained to one area, the risk of being caught would stay low. The few party planners she talked with saw her reasoning as good and commenced planning with a few additional suggestions from her. Most of the Eighth years were there and about half of the Seventh years. While house lines still mattered, there seemed to be more fluidity between them now - including Slytherin. To be fair though, most from that house came back and were doing a remarkable job of trying to make amends where it was obviously needed. The professors were doing an admirable job helping the peaceable environment along as much as they could. Mandatory group sessions with the mind healers were also healing the divide a great deal. After a few hours at the party, Hermione was quite pleasantly toasted. She was inebriated enough to shush her overactive brain while still having function over her body and most of her brain. Her state had the added bonus of making her feel happy and free in a way she hadn't in a long time. She figured this is how Luna must feel most of the time… if she could see nargles and other creatures that may or may not actually exist, that is. That is how she was pulled into a game of Truth and Consequence. How she will lament ever playing that blasted game for the rest of her days! She was not particularly familiar with this game since she rarely partook of "girls' night in" at the dorms since her two best friends were boys and she spent most of her time with them or in the library studying. She figured it was a bit like the Muggle game Truth or Dare, which she did play a few times with cousins and neighbors – it could be embarrassing, but nothing too bad. By the time the game was suggested, Ginny already wandered off with her snog flavor of the month (or week), so she wasn't there to warn Hermione that it was a bit more like an interrogation. Questions would be shot at you until the other players found a truth they could spin into a juicy consequence that might be useful to hang over her head for the rest of her life! So she stupidly agreed to this vicious game with a bunch of Slytherins! Actually, there were several people from each house when it started, but slowly, many slipped off to snog or shag or they just passed out while playing. By the time it came around to her, they were down to about a dozen or so. She hadn't even realized how dangerous the game could get because she was only half paying attention up until her turn. And honestly, from what she can remember, almost everyone else got off pretty easy on their consequences. For her turn, they started off with a few easy questions… did she snog or shag Viktor? Just kissed, a peck really, thank you very much! How about Ron or Harry, or Ron and Harry? Shagged Ron, not Harry, and only a couple of times over the summer. No one really since then. She was embarrassed to be so open about her experiences, but it was ok. Could have been much worse… but then it did get so much worse. " Granger, tell us, who here have you had sexual fantasies about?" asked Zabini with a glint in his eyes. That really perked up everyone. Hermione blushed as she looked around the circle quickly to check all of who was there and replied coyly, "It might be easier to ask who I haven't fantasized about." Wide eyes all around the circle! " Oh really now! Playing at naughty girl, huh? OK. Who have you NOT fantasized about?!" exclaimed Zabini, relishing his role as ring leader of this scandalous circus. " That guy in the blue shirt next to Greengrass… I'm sorry; I don't even know your name. I think you're in Ravenclaw, maybe a Seventh year? Nothing personal against you, just don't know anything about you," said Hermione. Blue shirt guy replied, "No offense taken really… I think. It's Blake for future reference though." " But you're fantasized about me?!" interrupted Daphne Greengrass. " Well, not often, but yes. Once or twice," replied Hermione as her blush deepened. She really wished she could stop talking or at least lie. But since she was put in the hot seat, she just responded. She seemed to be compelled. She was now surprised she was able to get away with that first deflection. Blast this game! Neville seemed to be paying particular attention and she was trying very hard not to even look in his direction. But to be fair, everyone was now paying rapt attention, except maybe the newly acquainted Blake, who only seemed mildly interested. But mercifully (maybe?), before everyone could delve into their own "what kind of fantasy about me?" question that everyone looked poised to ask, Zabini stepped back in as ring leader to ask the ultimate embarrassing question. "What is the most shocking fantasy you have about anyone of us here?" he asked with the most wolfish smile she has ever seen on a human (including the few werewolves she's seen in person). Hermione managed a groan before she was forced to reply, "That would have to be the one where Pansy is desperate enough to beg me for forgiveness and becomes my sex slave for the evening as revenge." Pansy's head snaps up, "Pardon me?!" At the same time as Zabini nearly pants, "What kind of revenge do you enact, exactly?" Since Pansy's question wasn't really a question, Hermione was able to ignore it to answer Zabini's. "Well, it changes