The Saga of Marcus Ram: Prologue This prologue is intended to replace the events of the Blood of Olympus Leo Strangely enough at a certain point in our trip to the great Mount Olympus nothing attacked us. I'm not speaking figuratively when I say that. We didn't encounter any of Gaia's minions for a decent part of journey inside Greece. Personally I didn't mind. In fact I found that time to be a bit relaxing. Percy and Jason, not so much. They were convinced that there was an ambush laid out and waiting for us to walk into. All attempts by me to convince them to take it easy were ignored. Instead they doubled their guard. Normally I wouldn't mind that but they managed to drag me into standing guard with them. Other than that the ride was uneventful. Everyone stuck to themselves and any conversation that normally passed around slowed down to a stop. Not that it mattered to me since Festus was always ready to talk. Eventually, after a week of easy sailing/flying we reached Athens. Annabeth tried to convince us that Mount Olympus was here because of something to do with the center of power on Greece but it went over our heads. Not that we needed any convincing. A heavy pull in our stomachs told us that we were getting closer to Mount Olympus. I maneuvered the ship to an empty parking lot on the outside of the city and touched down easily. "Final stop: Athens," I yelled out to the others from my place up at the steering wheel. I pulled a lever and a gangplank unfolded itself from the side the ship to give us an easy way down. I made a few final checks on the Argo II before I followed them down. Once we were all on the ground Festus pulled up the gangplank. "So which way should we head?" I asked. "Follow your gut," said Percy with a bit of a smile. "Hey, I'm the witty one in the group," I said, trying to lift everyone's spirits. It didn't really work. The gut feeling tugged us out of the parking lot and onto the streets. It felt like there was a hook in our stomach reeling us in and the further in we followed it the more a sort of buzzing feeling filled us, at least that's what it felt like. They all split into pairs, Jason with Piper, Percy with Annabeth, and Frank with Hazel, as they walked, leaving me allow at the back of the group. In all honesty I was glad for the silence; it gave me time to think on my own. My first thought went to Calypso and from there to the promise I made on the Styx. Now that I think about it that was a really bad move to make. A seriously bad move. I would have smacked my head if I was a cartoon character and not in the middle of a crowd. We wandered around the city, heading closer and closer to the center as time passed. It took us a while to find the spot since the buzzing feeling we were getting wasn't very accurate and it didn't point in a certain direction. It also didn't help that the entrance to Mount Olympus was a small doorway that looked like it belonged to a rundown nightclub. We stood around arguing about or not that the small sign in ancient Greek saying "Mount Olympus" was the real deal until I decided to try it out. At the bottom of the steps sat a bored looking carbon copy of Gerard Butler, leaning back in his chair against the wall. "Is this Mount Olympus?" I asked, not hoping for much. The guy looked me up and down then stood up, the chair falling back to four legs with a clack. "Since you saw through the mist you're obviously not mortal. Who are you?" He said carefully. "I'm Leo a demi-god son of Hephaestus," I answered. "Prove it." "Prepare to be amazed," I said cracking my fingers. I snapped my fingers and let a small fireball burst in my palm. I was getting pretty good at controlling these so I let it wave around before extinguishing it. The guy was grinning when I looked up. "Overpowered?" He asked. "What?" "Never mind. Are those guys up there with you?" "Yeah they are," I said. I turned around to face them, "Hey guys come on down, this is the place," I yelled and waved for emphasis. They all looked at me strangely with the Romans looking at me as if I just spoke Japanese. Cautiously they all stepped down the stairs. "What did you say Leo?" Percy asked, eyeing the guy behind me. "I said that this guy," I point behind me, "Says that Mount Olympus is through that door." "But when did you learn to speak ancient Greek?" Annabeth interrupted. "Ancient Greek?" I asked. "It's the effect of Mount Olympus," said the guy behind me. "It forces everyone to think and speak in ancient Greek." "He's right," Jason said slowly, "Everything feels a bit … off." "Must be worse for you guys since your Roman," Piper said. "So are all of you looking for Mount Olympus?" asked the guy. "Yeah," said Percy, taking charge. "Well I'll first need proof that all of you are demi-gods," said the guy. Percy uncapped his pen/sword. Annabeth put on her invisibility cap. Piper pulled a basket of apples from her cornucopia. Jason created a small lighting cloud in his palm. Hazel pulled out a large ruby from the wall. Frank turned into a small dog and back again to his normal shape. "Seems like all is in order. Let's go." The guy turned to the door and unlocked it using a key he had hidden under his shirt. The door swung inwards to show a long, dark tunnel large enough for two people to walk side by side without bumping shoulders. He headed down the tunnel quickly and we followed suit, Percy and Jason taking the lead as usual. I brought up the back of the pack again. The walls of the tunnel were made of solid rock and they were surprisingly hot as a touch to them confirmed. Every 20 or so meters a recess in the roof of the tunnel held a small ball of fire which did a decent job of lighting up the tunnel. After a good twenty minutes of walking the ground started sloping downwards slowly. What was more interesting was that the rocks changed from rough rock sharp enough to slice the sound of someone who wasn't paying attention to a smooth, polished granite like wall. Furthermore the ground underneath us changed from a rough dirt road to a cobbled road. Over all it was a welcome change. After what felt like an eternity later a faint glow started to come from the far end of the tunnel. "That's the light from Mount Olympus," the guy at the front of the pack called out. "Watch out, your powers are going to go a bit haywire from the power of it leaking over here." He wasn't lying, I felt the fire power inside me trying to burst through. From the rippling of Frank's skin under his skin, the breeze that suddenly picked up, and the puddles of water underneath our feet I guessed that Jason, Percy, and Frank were going through the same thing with a bit less success than me. They all got their powers under control quickly and thing went back to normal. Except for the light in the tunnel getting brighter. "We're close," the guy said as the ground levelled off. Everyone drew their weapons and gripped them tightly. The group suddenly stopped. "That's as far as I can take you guys. Mount Olympus is just up ahead," the guy at the front said. "Thanks for showing us the way," I heard Percy say. "Don't mention it," the guy said, his voice seemed a bit weaker. Everyone walked past him until I was right in front of him. "What did you mean when you asked if I was overpowered?" I asked him, noticing that he was a bit translucent. "Hephaestus was my dad just like you and I had the same gift as you. Through some miracle my gift became even stronger." "Wow. How powerful did you become?" I'm pretty sure my eyes were glowing like a pair of heavy duty headlamps at that point. He grinned sheepishly. "The soldiers I was leading starting calling the mountain pass we were in the Hot Gates." "Wait a minute," I said, that name reminding me of a movie I saw. "Are you Leonidas who held off the Persian army with 300 Spartans?" "We were 298, one broke his leg on the way there and needed someone to help him make the trip back," Leonidas said. "How did you know about that?" "They made a movie about you and now that I think about it you look exactly like the guy who played you in the movie." "Hmm, I guess that explains why some people would look at me when I was taking a walk." I started to speak but someone from further down the tunnel yelled out to me. "Looks like I have to go," I said, looking at his fading frame. "Go, hopefully we'll meet in Elysium," Leonidas said, nodding in the direction of the rest of the group. "See you then." I said and headed off down the tunnel in a light job. I crossed the distance quickly to find the group waiting at the mouth of the tunnel. "Are we all ready?" I asked. "Now we are," said Percy. He turned to entire group and took a deep breath, "I'm not one for speeches so I'll keep this simple. We're going up against something no one, mortal or not, has ever gone up against. I don't know what the battle will be like but I can guarantee you all this. We will go down in history after this," Percy paused, gathering his thoughts. "Just remember all that we have gone through and remember that it's only one small step until we are finished. Basically, let's go kick some giant ass." We all cheered and raised out weapons, and my case fire engulfed fists in the air. Our voiced echoed down the tunnel and we walked through the mouth of the tunnel. To put it simply the place is indescribable. We emerged in an impossibly large cavern. The cavern stretched forward an impossibly long distance in all directions. Up above us it felt like there no roof considering how high the clouds inside were. But the crowning jewel was Mount Olympus itself. It towered on the opposite side of the cavern, an impossibly large mountain climbing higher and higher and higher with small Greek temples dotting its until it disappeared into the clouds. Through the occasional break in the cloud cover I could see that the mountain still went even further upwards. We all stood gaping up at the mountain until Percy yelled. We all snapped our attention to where Percy was pointing. Crowded around a small portal a decent distance down the wall to our left was a group of giants and many other small creatures besides them. We all started running towards them, yelling and waving our weapons. A lightning bolt shot by Jason pricked the back of the head of one of the giants. He looked back at us and then crouched down to talk to someone too small for us to see. A large bump in the perfectly flat ground of the cavern formed near the giants and started hurtling towards us. Within seconds it crossed the impossibly large distance between us, causing all of us to skid to a halt. The mound shrunk down and out from it emerged Gaia, dressed in a small set of armor.