In These Golden Hours Summary: And in these golden hours, the moments seemed to slow and minutes became hours as hours became days. Because when Annabeth was near Percy or peering through his lens, the moments truly were never enough. OR- Percy is a photographer, a junior in college, and Annabeth is sophomore who just needs a little more time. | | Percabeth. AU. One shot. Word Count: 21,300+ Cover thanks: Percabeth art by thecottonproject (tumblr) Disclaimer : I don't own PJO. Warnings : photographer!Percy, snapback!Percy, undercut!Percy, with a small hint of girly!Annabeth, a little bit of slow burn, and a couple mentions of adult themes A/N : Hello, it's me. I was wondering if all these years if I you'd like to read to see how rusty I am. P.S. OTD is not dead, just yet, and I'm still getting around to reading PMs. :) xx In These Golden Hours … Annabeth pulled at the edge of her thin scarf, exiting the elevator when the ding announced her floor. She silently hoped, as she stepped out that the door would be left open and that she wouldn't have to knock. Her phone had died thirty minutes ago, and she was jittery enough waiting for the takeout to arrive. She didn't need to now not have access to the photography office just because she couldn't reach her friend. Letting out a breath she didn't know she was holding, she tugged at the bottom of her shirt, placing one foot wrapped in a flat in front of the other. The door was open, and while she immediately regretted her lack of a jacket and cropped shorts, despite it being September, she was thankful for the gusts of AC that chilled her quickly and silently. "The things I do for her," she muttered, several feet away from the door and nearing a person who was certainly not Rachel. With his head bent done over his laptop, she could barely make out his face besides the long, raven hair that was stuffed under a blue fitted cap. His cap, a snapback she assumed, was embellished with a husky, and she pondered briefly if that was because he loved dogs or if it was a mascot for one of his favorite teams. Ultimately, she barely gave it thought as she moved closer, scanning her eyes over the peeling stickers that lined his laptop. Some overlapped others with their fraying ends, but there were still patches of black that had not a single sticker near them. He glanced up when she passed the frame, pressing down the lid of his laptop so that it didn't block his face. "Hey," he greeted, clearing his throat at the raspy voice that was let out. Annabeth sent a small smile, tracing the planes of his face that seemed somehow so familiar. From the corners of his eyes, to his long lashes that shaded striking eyes, to the purse of his lips as he waited for a reply. "Hi," she offered, clutching the bag of food in her hand more tightly. "Do I— You seem familiar, she managed, ending the searching of his features to look right above his head. He must of shrugged or nodded, Annabeth noted with the slight movement that caught her eye. "I mean, yeah, I guess I'm not surprised." She waited, expecting him to explain why, but instead he leaned back against his chair, waiting to meet her eyes. Annabeth sighed, meeting his gaze before tracing the lines of the all too familiar face. "We went to the same high school, didn't we?" she finally reasoned with a tilt of her head, tugging at a strand of recognition. The corners of his mouth tilted up into a shy grin that set Annabeth's stomach in knots. "Yeah," he nodded, tapping four fingers against the table, "you're Annabeth Chase, valedictorian from two years ago." "And you're…" "Percy," he added easily, "Jackson, somewhere in top 30 percent somehow, someway." Annabeth nodded, shifting her weight from foot to foot. "I didn't know anyone else from the school went here—" "I don't!" He quickly spoke, adjusting the snapback that sat on his head. "I don't," he repeated, somewhat slower and calmer this time. "I have a friend… Jason who goes here. He's a freshman, but he was having a tough time adjusting. And I just…" He bit his lip, stopping his ramblings with a sigh. "I just spent a lot of time here at the beginning of the semester, and he felt bad. So, I figured I'd join the photography group." He shrugged with a shaky sigh. "It gave another reason for me to be around here a lot more, and he seemed to feel a bit better about that." She nodded, feeling as though she now had a piece of him while he knew nothing about her. "That's… nice," the word tasted sour on her lips, and she wasn't sure when she had become so bad at holding a normal conversation. "Sorry," he muttered, shaking his head, "I'm guessing you're not here to hear all about my life story. Anyways, why are you here?" She tossed a smile his way, "It's fine, and I'm supposed to be having dinner with a friend. I was supposed to meet her here, but it seems like she's not here…" "Oh," Percy nodded with recognition, but confusion held in his eyes, "is your major architecture?" She nodded, not sure how this had anything to do with her friend not being there. He frowned when she said nothing more, narrowing his eyes slightly. "So, I'm guessing your friend's Rachel, and I'm guessing you're in Design and Structures II. Basically, I had this idea for a photo project, and I had this idea to shoot some stuff in the studios… I mean, I've… Rachel told me she had a friend in that class. She said you'd probably be coming around here at seven if I happened to be here and that I could ask you any questions if I had any…" He trailed off, his eyes still narrow as though uncertain as to why she was here anymore. "I see," Annabeth nodded, pursing her lips together. "So, I'm guessing Rachel's not here." He nodded, shrugging a shoulder and sliding his chair back a bit. "She left to get dinner about half an hour ago. She said something about needing to get out of here before she became a ghost who haunted the darkroom." She rolled her eyes, taking the corner of her bottom lip into her mouth. She thought she saw Percy's gaze shift but disregarded it almost immediately. "Well, I'll see you around I guess?" He quirked the corner of his lip up in reply throwing in a, "Yeah, tomorrow at two." "Right," she affirmed while nodding, staying a beat longer before turning on her heel, "see you tomorrow at two." … Annabeth didn't see him, at least not in her Design and Structures II class, and she wasn't really looking for him at all. She recalled earlier in the year where one of the professors for her design class told everyone that they would be having a photographer floating around the class. It was over two weeks ago when the professor had stated that people could opt out. Annabeth hadn't given it much though; she was a stickler for her table that lined the window and would not let a photographer stop her from sitting her. She now knew the photographer had a name, Percy, and a face with a mouth that settled itself into a lopsided smile. She, however, didn't see him that day nor the next. … "Do you want to be a doll and bring me dinner to the photography office at seven?" Rachel pleaded, running her fingers over the camera in her other hand. Annabeth narrowed her eyes, remembering the previous night when she was supposed to meet her friend there. "Will you actually be there, this time?" Rachel sent her a sheepish smile, stopping at the crosswalk. "Yeah, of course, I just forgot about yesterday." Annabeth rolled her eyes, playing with the buttons of her blouse. She tucked her scarf more neatly into the folds of itself before laying her eyes on a squeamish Rachel. She sighed, "Why did you want me to meet Percy? And by the way, we've already met." Rachel shrugged a shoulder, snapping a photo before giving an answer. "He's nice, and I figured you'd like him." "Rachel," Annabeth chastised, "I just got out of a relationship almost five weeks ago—" "Which is good because he was a jerk," Rachel threw in, causing Annabeth to roll her eyes with a slight frown. She sighed, "He wasn't always like that, and I'm not ready for another relationship." "There's nothing wrong with a friendship," Rachel added, muttering something under her breath that Annabeth couldn't decipher. "If he's so great, why don't you date him?" Rachel chuckled, running a hand through her frizzy hair, "He's not my type, and I'll never be able to see him as more than a friend." She sighed, setting her eyes on Annabeth with a slight frown. "He's around a lot because of his freshman friend, and I figured since he was shooting your class, you guys might get along. He could use some more friends who don't spend all of their time in the photography room or don't spend all of their time worrying about finishing freshmen classes. How'd today go by the way?" "Fine," Annabeth sent a small smile, rolling her eyes when Rachel gave her a look asking for more. "Today was just like any other Wednesday, and no, I didn't even see Percy in Design today," she added as they crossed the street. Rachel nodded, putting the camera strap over her shoulder, a confused look settling on her face. "He was supposed to be there… Did you even look for him?" "No." "Annabeth—" "Rachel, Design II is for doing a ridiculous amount of sketches and trying not to have to spend my nights in the studio as well. I'm not going to spend the three hours looking for some guy who I just officially met the night before who's supposed to be taking pictures." Rachel tilted her head from side-to-side, and Annabeth knew that was her way of trying to find something to add in for a "but." Ultimately, she didn't seem to find one. "Fair but like I said there's nothing wrong with another friend." Annabeth shook her head. If Rachel was anything, she was certainly persistent. "How about the second you figure out a way to add more hours to the day, I'll start thinking about making more friends to suck up my time." "So positive," Rachel jeered. … It happened one week later. Annabeth had headed back into the studio from a bathroom break when she saw him. He stood only a couple feet from her beloved table, squinting down at the camera in his hands. She was certain the light from the window couldn't have done anything to help with viewing whatever was on his camera, but she surmised that it was one of the few areas in the studio that wasn't littered with paper or pencils or rulers or boards. Despite his squinting and the tip of his tongue that darted out of his mouth in concentration, Annabeth felt that same strand of recognition pull at her memory. She wasn't sure what her mind was trying to remember, but she was certain that she knew more about him than that they just went to the same school. He glanced up at her as she made her way to the table, tossing her a wave and a lopsided grin that made her roll her eyes but nod her head in recognition. His snapback was blue that day, she noted, seeing the way it complimented the hue of his shirt and shade of his shoes. She decided he matched nicely. … It wasn't that