Bella Comes Home Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. No copyright infringement is intended. This will start out at the end of Bella's junior year, and before she turns 17. As far as I know this is my plot. I have a twisted perv mind so this will be rated M. There will be lemons many many lemons, and some cussing. There will be adult situations. Just a little set up before I begin. Bella grows up differently then in the books. Renee is from a wealthy family and will be very OOC. There will be some of background and flashbacks in this story. There will be drama and family and love. In my story there is a pack in each generation and Billy is not in a wheel chair. Story will start just before the first book. I don't want to give too much away. Just give it a chance, this is my first 'just twilight' story. As always please let me know what you think. Thanks and lets get to the story. Chapter 1 Bella comes into the house after her jog. It's still early just 8am. She goes up to her room and takes a shower and dresses for her day. She goes into the kitchen, finding Phil her mom's latest husband, in just basketball shorts. He plays major league baseball for the Jacksonville Tigers (AN- just made that up) . He is one of their best pitchers. He was signed onto the team at the end of the last season. They have high hopes for him. Bella licks her lips as she checks out Phil's body. Starting with his legs. He has large calves from all the running and training he does. His thighs are pretty big also. From his legs you would think he played football not baseball. But he has an arm for pitching. Bella continues to look over his body. He is nicely tan everywhere and has a medium sized 6 pack that is totally lickable. Then she glances up and looks at his chest that is also very defined. She looks at his large muscular arms. His mussels bulging due to all of his training. He is about 6'3" and 245. He is on the large side. He has short dishwater blond hair. Almost in a crue cut. Then she looks at his face. He has a big smile as he is watching Bella checking him out again. He has deep dark blue eyes the color of the ocean in Hawaii. Phil has always been attracted to Bella, but she is his wife's daughter. It is wrong to think the things he does about her. It's been getting bad, as Renee has been away on one trip or another with her latest boy toy. He knew she only married him because he was good looking. The sex was never really good with her, but up until now he has remained faithful. Though he has been having more thoughts about Bella. Bella was always showing off her body prancing around in nearly nothing. Boys calling her all times of day and night. As far as Phil knows, Bella doesn't have a steady boyfriend. BPOV God my hormones are going crazy. For some reason I have this need to jump Phil. I know Renee has cheated on him the whole time they've been together. My mom is a slut you see. She has never been a mother to me. Maybe when I was a baby but that was it. Mom has never worked a day in her life. She has always been taken care of. Her family is rich. When she was born her grandparents, set up a trust fund for her. Just like her parents did for me. Renee and her parents lived in Forks during her senior year. She hung out on the nearby Indian reservation, La Push. She had a thing for several guys there. She met Charlie and he fell for her hard. She got pregnant and he married her. I guess at first she told him I was his. I learned differently at the age of 12. Renee was out with friends doing lord only knows what. She called late one night and told me Charlie was not my father. Little did she know, that I've known that pretty much my whole life. I used to spend 2 weeks most summers with Charlie. Then I started to make excuses to not go. It just felt weird spending time with him. With him thinking I was his daughter. I walk over to the fridge to get something out for breakfast. I'm sure Phil hasn't eaten yet either. "Hay Phil are you hungry? I was about to make something for myself." "Sure honey." I was about to get some fruit and yogurt out then had a better thought. I turn around and watch Phil drinking some coffee. "Phil can I ask you a question?" "Sure Bella." "Are you attracted to me? Because I know I'm attracted to you." "Oh babe if you only knew." "Only knew what? That you want to take me upstairs and fuck me. You know I'm not a virgin. I'm not a slut either. I've only had sex with 2 guys from school. Maybe it's time for me to be with a real man." "Oh god Bella. I've wanted you for so long. Renee has never turned me on the way that you do. When she is gone. I keep thinking of ways to spend time with you. At night I have to jerk off for hours so I don't come to you. Then I dream about being with you when I sleep. Then in the morning I have to jerk off again in the shower." I walk over to him and bring his hands to my waist. "Phil I have felt the same way. I knew it was wrong having these feelings for you. But we both know Renee has not been faithful a day in her life. I even know that Charlie is not my dad. Take me upstairs and have me." 3 rd Person no ones POV Phil brings his hands to Bella's face and kisses her hard. He shoves his tongue into her mouth and she moans. She brings up her hands and puts them in his short hair and pulls him closer. They pull away a minute later to breath. "Ok lets go upstairs. I hope you don't have any plans for today or the next couple of days. Because I'm going to keep you busy." Phil pulls Bella up the stairs. BPOV Finally, I get to have Phil. I've been dreaming about this for a while now. I've done things with boys at school, so I would know what I was doing when this time came. I've wanted Phil since the first day Renee brought. him home. We are now in their room. "God you're sexy. I need you naked now. Let me see your body. I need to touch you." He takes off my cami. "Well you are a naughty girl walking around with no bra, tempting me." "I've been wanting and needing this for so long. Stop talking and kiss me." Kiss me he does. He pulls me close and it feels great. My bare chest against his bare chest. Then those oh so kissable lips on me. So warm and soft. He kisses me softly at first, but then I bite his bottom lip and shove my tongue in. He opens for me and I taste him. I wonder what other parts of him taste like. I will find out soon if I have a choice. I need to taste each part of his body. We pull apart to breath. He takes his shorts off as do I. We stand there naked just looking at each other. "God Bella your just 17 but have the body of a grown woman. Your boobs are just the perfect size. Not small but just big enough. I need to taste you. Come over to the bed and lay down for me. I'm going to taste every part of you." I do as he says. I'm getting so wet just thinking of what he is going to do to me. I can't keep my eyes off his huge dick. I have watched soft porn and I've given blow jobs. But all the guys I've seen have nothing on Phil. His dick is a thing of beauty. Though I'm a little scared too. You see he is quite large. He is at least 10 inches long maybe longer, and very thick. ( AN this is my twisted mind so give me a break) Giving him a blow job will be interesting. He starts to kiss and nibble on my neck then goes down to my collar bone then finally goes to my boobs. He is squeezing the right one, while sucking and licking the left. He nibbles and sucks for a while and god does it feel good. I can feel my self dripping on the bed. He is getting me so hot. Then he switches sides and starts to grope my left breast while licking, sucking and nibbling on my right. "Oh god that feels so good. God Phil I need more. Please." We took our time exploring each others bodies. Let me just say that Phil has very strong fingers and a very talented mouth. We try different positions. At first I was scared because he was very big. He sort of giggled when I asked if he would fit. We spent all day in bed giving and receiving. We took little breaks here and there. "Gosh Phil you can't be human. I will have to call you the energizer bunny, because you keep going and going, and going." I said joking. PPOV I am a shape shifter. I have known about what I am since I was a small boy. My dad was one and mom was his imprint. I know I didn't imprint on Renee or Bella. Not all of us will imprint. I will tell Bella what I am to explain some things to her. My dick has finally had enough. I was getting soft. I pull out of her and lay her on her back. "Oh baby that was the best fuck I've ever had. God you feel so good when you cum honey." BPOV "Baby you felt so good, being that deep in me. Promise this was not just a one time thing. I'm going to have to have you again, soon. God could this get any better." Phil laid down next to me and started to suck on my boob. I was able to reach his dick. I grabbed it and used my closest hand to go up and down. It was soft, but the moment my hand touched him he got hard as a rock again. I needed him to be inside of me again. I just can't get enough of him. I took my hand away, and leaned over to kiss his mouth. He kissed me back. PPOV Next thing I know Bella is on top of me sliding on my hard dick . Once I'm completely in her she started moving. God it felt good. BPOV Oh man it felt good taking over for a little while. Riding his big cock. Phil flipped me back onto my back when I stopped to recover from my last intense orgasm. I think I've had more today then in my entire life. I'm addicted to this. I have so many things I want to do to him and with him. I wonder how he feels about bringing in another guy. I want to know how it feels to be fucked in the ass and pussy at the same time. I know what can I say, maybe