This is an OOC, slightly AU prefect fic with much lemony goodness! Author's note. All credit for the howler part goes to my friend Brandy. She suggested it as we were talking about this. The inspiration for this came from an image I saw in a Harry Potter group that I'm in on Facebook and it said, "four things at Hogwarts I'd like to ride." And it showed a hippogriff, a broom, the Hogwarts Express and Draco. There's a song by the country duo Big & Rich called "Save A Horse, Ride A Cowboy" and I realized how well it would work here. I reworked the lyrics a bit to make it fit the Wizarding World and I retitled it to "Save A Hippogriff, Ride A Wizard." And I'm imaging it as being a real song in the Wizarding World. I didn't do the whole song, but I will include the parts I did do. Standard disclaimer: I own absolutely nothing save from the original lyrics I added and my original ideas. But Hermione, Draco, all of J.K.'s many amazing ideas? Not even. And I sure don't own this song and I can't say I'd want to, as horribly cheesy as it is. And please read the notes at the end of chapter two for additional information. And a guest reviewer made a good point that I will clarify in chapter two Here are my lyrics. "Cause I saddle up my hippogriff And I fly into the city I make a lot of noise 'Cause the witches They are so pretty Flying up and down Diagon Alley On my old stud Buckbeak And the girls say Save a hippogriff, ride a wizard Everybody says Save a hippogriff, ride a wizard. "I'm a thoroughbred that's what she said in my bed As I was gettin' buzzed on Firewhiskey Out on some back Hogsmead road. We were flying high Fine as wine, having ourselves a magical and sexy time. And I was going, just about as far as she'd let me go. But her evaluation of my wizard reputation Had me begging for salvation all night long So I took her out hunting full moon pansies Introduced her to my old snake And sang her every Led Zeppelin song I could think of And we made love" "Oh, Draco. Care to give me a ride and save that poor hippogriff? 'Save a hippogriff, ride a wizard,'" singsonged Eloise Midgen. Draco gritted his teeth and just continued stalking down the hallway. He absolutely loathed that song, which was why half the girls in school evidently saw fit to sing it to him. He could have used the Avada Kedevra on The Wand Brothers for writing it! It was bad enough that it was so incredibly cheesy, but to have all the girls in school choose to mock him with it because of what happened with that bloody hippogriff, Buckbeak, was simply beyond the pale. He knew that they also sang it at him because he had a reputation for having gone through more girls than someone with a bad cold goes through tissues and it was admittedly a rather deserved reputation. Ever since discovering sex at the age of 15, he quite naturally took an extreme liking to it and being that he was a Malfoy, more girls than he cared to count threw themselves at him and he had his pick. He had read nearly every sex book known to wizard and mugglekind and had also learned a lot from an older Slytherin girl who had taken it upon herself to tutor him in how to pleasure a woman and how to be a good lover. And when looking for something at Malfoy manor, he came across books that belonged to his father and they detailed the many wonderful aphrodisiac spells, charms and potions that existed. All that added up to him garnering a reputation for being utterly fantastic at shagging. He could and did have nearly any girl he wanted. He always made sure that they knew the score though and to not expect anything from him beyond a one night stand or a short fling. He never approached girls who were known boyfriend hunters or anything like that. And he never messed with underclassmen. The next day, he was eating breakfast when an owl he didn't recognize came soaring over to him. It held a red envelope which it dropped in front of him and then flew off. It was a howler. He blinked at it in shock. There was no reason for him to be receiving one. He'd been doing exceptionally well in his classes and had been behaving himself. Well, as much as a Slytherin will behave oneself. He knew he couldn't not open it, so he figured he may as well get it over with. He opened it and the first thing he saw was "Cause I saddle up my" and then it flew out of his hand and a very lovely girl's voice began to sing that song to him. It ended with a chorus of girl's voices saying "Draco Malfoy, you're the randiest guy in school. And we have proof. If any of the upperclassmen here want to see that proof, go to the library right away." Then it blew a raspberry at him and shredded itself. He sat there flabbergasted. Proof? What bloody proof? Unless... Oh no. But how? Those were hidden! The teachers were calling for order, but the students evidently didn't care because they all got up en masse and started rushing to the library. Reluctantly, he got up and joined them. Once he fought his way through all the underclassmen at the door, it had been charmed so that no one under 15 got in, and he got in there, it was indeed as he feared. Someone had stolen his private photo collection and charmed them to float around in the air. There he was with Melinda Bobbin, who would have thought someone that quiet would be such a screamer? And there he was with Victoria Frobisher, who enjoyed being tied up. And there was Mandy Brocklehurst, who had turned out to be quite kinky. And on and on the pictures went of him in many compromising positions. Although it didn't escape his notice that none of them showed any breast or genitalia nudity and that the girl's faces had been carefully obscured. He guessed that whichever girl had done this hadn't wanted to get in too much trouble if she got caught, and explicit nudity would indeed do that and he further guessed that whoever had done this hadn't wanted to humiliate these girls by showing their faces. Or have the other house witches declare war on the Gryffindor witches. However, he did notice that not all of his conquests were there and he wondered why not. Whoever had charmed the photos was bloody brilliant. Because after they had been viewed by all the upperclassmen, they swarmed over to him and rained down on his head. Then a message appeared in the air in red letters and it read "Draco Malfoy, this is our revenge on you. For too long you've shagged your way through half the school with no consequences. Not anymore. Let it be known that Draco Malfoy is a freak who likes to film girls without their permission!" And then the letters faded. He just stood there in shock. He had to hand it to whichever Gryffindor girl had organized this, it was genius. But that girl had gotten one thing wrong. He always sought out the permission of girls before he filmed them with his charmed camera and was respectful of the decision of the girls who declined to be filmed. He rapidly realized he had one of two options, either own this or pitch a fit. And a fit didn't exactly befit Slytherin's prince. And besides, he was kind of enjoying the way a lot of the girls were starting to look at him. In a very sly and appraising way. He put on his most cocky and charming grin and looked at the Gryffindor girls, none of whom he had yet shagged, "if you Gryffindor girls weren't so stuck up and prudish, you could have had the best sex of your life." "Oh yeah. From who?" Asked one Gryffindor who he couldn't see. "From me of course. I know I have a reputation and all I can say is that I live up to it." He looked at some of the girls he had shagged and raised an eyebrow and said, "right, ladies?" There were a bunch of nervous tittering and then lots of nods from the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff girls he'd been with. With the exception of that one older and now graduated Slytherin girl, he never slept with fellow Slytherins. Not only were they more like sisters than anything else to him, it was also too big of a risk for him to consider. Slytherin girls were especially good at revenge. "And because it would only be a Gryffindor girl who would be courageous enough to do such a thing, I wonder if any of you are brave enough to put your money where your mouth is? I'm going to figure out who sent me this howler and I'll make her pay in the most delicious way possible. I hope you enjoyed the show." The teachers showed up just then and began dispersing all the students. Granger started berating all of her Housemates and threatening to take points away from any Gryffindors who had shown up. He quickly muttered "Evanesco Draconium" and all the pictures disappeared and went back to his room. And with that, he pivoted on his heel and strode out of the library. His brain immediately began working feverishly to figure out who could have done this. He started working his way through all the Gryffindor girls in his head. First, he immediately discounted all the Gryffindor girls he knew couldn't sing because this wasn't from a singing charm. Songs recorded via singing charm always sounded a bit off and unnatural. And whoever had recorded her rendition of the song was a great singer with a very warm voice. He then discounted the girls under 15 simply because this smacked of something an older Gryffindor would do. And he discounted all the girls with boyfriends. He discounted all of the rumored and confirmed prudes because there was no way a prude could have stomached looking at all those pictures, let alone charming them like that. And that left him with about 20 girls, all of whom he observed over the following weeks in hopes of finding the girl . Surprisingly, there wasn't much of a punishment from the teachers other than a stern admonishment to respect other student's privacy and an three hours detention for each student who had shown up. He started with Julia McGuiness as she seemed a likely candidate until he happened upon her singing and realized that a dying water buffalo sounded better. Then it was on to Evie Clarins, who was a great singer and quite attractive, but then he spied her in the library with some guy and it was obvious from the way that she kept slapping his hands away as he tried to cop a feel that she was a total prude. Tracy Finnigan seemed like a decent candidate as she was rumored to be one of the loosest girls in Gryffindor and was a great singer. Until he found out that she had a secret boyfriend. Then it was Alice Higgins who seemed like a very likely candidate because he knew she fancied him and she sang in the Hogwarts chorus. But his hopes were dashed when he was listening in on a bunch of Gryffindor girls and the conversation turned to sex and she was such a prude that she wouldn't even say the word. Beth O'Connell seemed to