Important Stuff: Public figures, actual places, and current events are used fictitiously, and should be understood as parody. None of the characters in this story are, or are meant to represent, real individuals, living or dead. This story contains references to several Maškēkowak and Assin'skowitiniwak cultural narratives. As a reader, you should understand that I will be incorporating them fictionally into the Potterverse; I hope to do this with sensitivity and compassion. To learn legitimate cultural contexts, I highly suggest the collected oral works of Louis Bird, archived at [ourvoices .ca], as well as several written collections and academic works, which I intend to list after the epilogue. Quando Omni Flunkus Moritati Zigadenus Part I Ms. H. Granger-Weasley awkwardly swayed on one foot as she worked the buckle of her shoe. Her handbag slipped down to her elbow – again – and finally, with a sigh, she dropped the bag, dropped the papers, dropped the cloak, and wrenched off the shoes. A broken fingernail snagged in her nylons - after the kind of day she'd been having, this wasn't even worth cursing about. Hell, she was 36 years old: her boobs only looked perky because she'd discovered the magic of underwires; two pregnancies had left her with a vivid collection of stretch marks; and too many late nights working the files overtime had seen her foraging for dinner in the Ministry cafeteria to the detriment of more than one diet. In short, no one was going to look twice at the run up her left leg, because no one was going to look twice, period. "Hello, bonjour." "Hello," she responded. They weren't actually greeting her – it was the oblique Canadian way of checking to see which language to use. "Any jewellery, coins or keys? Liquids, gels or aerosols? Alright, I need to see your Portkey Authority ticket – alright, London… Heathrow, that's in order. If you'll pass me your wand and step up for screening, please." She planted her feet the prescribed distance, and extended her arms. The security spell tickled across her body like a mild electric shock; she scratched at her arms to dispel the sensation before collecting her belongings from the conveyor. "Hello, bonjour. Vous avez quelque chose métallique dans vos poches? Avez-vous des liquides, gels ou aérosols? D'accord, je dois voir votre billet de l'Autorité Internationale de Portkey, s'il vous plait…" The bored drone of the security witch faded behind her, lost beneath a crackling loudspeaker announcement insisting that all clients taking a 13:15-13:30 portkey to Amsterdam check in with the gate attendant. She hoisted her handbag back up her shoulder, and set off down the curving, sterile white corridor in search of the London departures gate. Pearson International was too bloody bright for how exhausted she was; the afternoon sun drenched in through the high windows, bouncing against the blazing white ceiling and walls. Even though the seats at the gates didn't have armrests to obstruct attempts to stretch out, you simply couldn't nap in a place like this. She snagged an abandoned copy of the morning's Toronto Star and settled onto one of the lumpy, barely-padded gray benches. Two more hours. Two more hours waiting for the portkey, a quick apparition, and then she would finally be home; perhaps Ron had even cooked. She didn't hold out a lot of hope there, he'd not been good about it since the kids had gone back to Hogwarts. Still, you never knew. And she supposed it probably was her turn – she likely had several full years' worth of 'her turns' to account for. She dug her mobile out of her handbag, and keyed in the number for the landline at the house. Mobile service was too sketchy to be worthwhile in Ottery St. Catchpole, the residue of centuries of magic clung to the area like a resistant smog, unfailingly dulling the cutting edge of Muggle technology. Ron picked up on the third ring. "Hey, love, done playing nice with the lumberjacks?" "For now. I'll tell you all about it when I get home." She wouldn't. Ron didn't care much, and she'd given up trying to interest him. "How have things been there? Did you and George straighten out that mess with the distributor in Lyons?" She folded open the paper, as Ron updated her with the latest managerial travails. She'd read a scathing editorial indictment of the incumbent government's dog-whistle electoral campaign by the time Ron had run down on the inefficiency of the French franchises of Weasley's Wizarding Wheezes. He'd changed tack to the latest from Charlie, when a photo halfway down the front page caught her eye. Something was oddly familiar about the man's bulging eyes, and wide, drooping jowls. It took her a moment, but "Umbridge!" "—what? What's she got to do with – Hermione?" "I'm sorry Ron, I just glanced at the paper, and there's a fellow here who could be Umbridge's long-lost brother. Sorry, it just caught my eye, you were saying about Charlie?" "Just that he won't be coming in until Friday morning at the earliest. On account of the hatching cycle being off." "Well, that's alright then, it'll give us a few more days to get the house in order." "Give who a few more days?" he teased. "And I love you dearly, you are the most darling-est man I've ever been married to." She kissed at the phone, and his laughter carried across the Atlantic, tinny but genuine. She smiled fondly, and straightened the paper as he began to regale her with another edition of what she'd mentally christened Rose's Gossip Sheet. The caption beneath the toad-faced politician identified him as Parliamentary Secretary Paul Calandra – unlikely a relation, despite the uncanny resemblance. She made an encouraging sound as Ron paused, and flipped to the next page of the paper. Idle No More: Indigenous Protestors March on Parliament Hill. Rose's letter was onto the latest Slytherin vs. Gryffindor Quidditch match. She could get through one of Rose's magnum opuses in about 3 minutes – the trick was to skim for the verbs. Ron, bless him, actually read the things. She tuned out, and scanned the article. It was some sort of grassroots movement, indigenous people and their allies protesting everything from a lack of clean drinking water to pipeline development, and the need to investigate missing and murdered women. "That's marvellous, Ron, she certainly does take after you." It was the truth, both of them did. She didn't suppose that actually absolved her of being a rotten parent. But on the other hand, she didn't suppose they really cared; Grandma Molly baked their birthday cakes – her own early attempts having not been up to the Weasley Standard, apparently – and they had invariably preferred their father or Uncle George on 'Take Your Child to Work' days at their Muggle primary. Dad and Uncle Harry told better bedtime stories, and they'd rather spend an afternoon with Aunt Ginny and her Quidditch-mad brood than alone-time with Mum. Besides, Mum was always busy with work, even when she was home. She didn't quite think they knew yet that Mum was happier working than ineffectively parenting the alien little creatures who had gestated in her uterus for nine months. They didn't run on logic, and showed no signs of developing the potential – it was probably better results all around if other feelings-first thinkers were the ones helping them shamble towards adulthood. It had stung a little, though, when they'd given her a "World's Worst Mum" coffee mug. She'd laughed, and accorded it a place of honour on the desk in her study, but the withered part of her that had been so excited about motherhood did still twinge occasionally with remembered hurt. She quietly rearranged the paper so that she could read the lower half of the article. There was a photograph, a sea of signs declaiming injustice in vivid reds, yellow, fluorescent green. It was the eyes that snagged her, reeled her into their dark depths. The weathered tan, the plaid shirt, the twin braids beginning to show strands of gray, the hooked nose that dominated his features – she'd have looked past, just another nameless body in the throng. But there was no mistaking those eyes. The phone slipped from fingers gone suddenly numb, clattering to the floor. She stared down at it blankly for a moment, until the thin tendril of Ron's alarmed cries called her back. "I'm fine, everything's fine. I just startled, dropped the phone." She stared again at the photograph, tallying the details, challenging herself to find the lie. Because those eyes had dimmed and died on the dusty floor of the Shrieking Shack. "It was another call coming through, made me jump, is all. I should take it, though, can I call you back?" She carefully placed her hands across the image, covered away the extraneous details, so that only the sharp wedge of his face was visible between her fingers. A little worse for wear, a little older, but there he was. Severus Snape. She brushed ineffectively at her suit jacket, trying to dislodge some of the ash from the fireplace. For the main connection between the Pearson International's Portkey Authority office and the federal Office of Magical Affairs, the Floo didn't seem to get much use. Certainly, the Canadian equivalent of the Ministry of Magic was quieter than its British counterpart; it almost seemed understaffed, but then there were so many fewer wizards here. It was a shame she hadn't brought more suits; the Office turned out to be in the same building as a variety of Muggle departments. If she were here many days, she'd have to send her wardrobe down for dry-cleaning. She'd packed for a three-day conference, and hadn't quite believed the summit coordinators' hearty insistence that they'd be knocking flat up against Muggles at every turn. She was one of the lucky ones, she'd stayed savvy to the Muggle world and could actually still dress the part. When she wasn't run out of clothes, anyhow. Perhaps she could get to the bottom of this quickly – it was what she'd told Ron, after all. Just a few days, someone here with the Canadian ministry wanted to discuss an important case, she was just staying on to sort it out on the ground, instead of having to Portkey back in a month's time, after it had been bollocks'd to hell by trying to coordinate across the pond. And it wasn't quite lying, was it? She was, in point of fact, certain they would be discussing an important case in fairly short order. She extracted the cropped article, safely ensconced in its new manila case folder, snapped it briskly against her thigh, and nodded at the nervous-looking intern who essayed her an inquiring smile. "I'm Ms. Granger-Weasley, Undersecretary, Magical Law Enforcement in the British Ministry. I'm meeting with Mr. Singh." The intern mumbled into the desk line, smiled again, and gestured her down a hallway of office doors. Efficient. She liked that; it boded well. Rajit Singh was spare, nattily suited, and meticulously groomed. His voice was soft, and his diction gently lilted but otherwise nearly impeccable. She'd admired his presentation at the summit, and found him now to be refreshingly direct, without lacking in hospitality. He'd gestured her into a chair, served her coffee, and immediately got down to brass tacks: "And this man, he is someone whose whereabouts the British Ministry of Magic is concerned with?" "Yes. He's wanted for questioning in an internal matter; it's really a fluke that I happened to see his photograph." Little white lies. "And it is a matter of urgency?" "Well, only inasmuch as I do have several active portfolios in London…" "Because I am thinking that to follow our Office's privacy protocol, that is to say, to pinpoint his magical signature as I demonstrated in my presentation, well that would require a writ from the Wands Registry at