A/N What is wrong with Mary Sue Stories? Overly Perfect: There is nothing wrong what so ever with the Mary Sue character. You might as well send Chuck Norris into Middle Earth. Stereotypes: Every Mary Sue always plays the same role (unstoppable teenage girl around 16 years old). No Mike Sues: Am I the only one who notices that the people who fall into Middle Earth are always girls? That's sexist against boys! How did it happen?: Is it just me, or do none of the ways that Mary Sue falls into Middle Earth make sense? Lego-romances: Girls! Girls! I know everyone loves Legolas but does every story have to have one? Romances In General: On the rare occasions where there is a romance between a Mary Sue and someone other than Legolas, it usually ends up being a sixteen year old getting involved with a member of the fellowship who is over a decade(s) older than them. I know that it was appropriate in the Middle Ages, but now it's just plain creepy. The youngest fellowship member is TWENTY NINE, that's still a THIRTEEN year age difference. EWWWWW! If You've Seen One, You've Seen Them All: No matter who the Mary Sue is, or what they do, the result is always the same. Boromir and/or Haldir lives, Mary Sue and Legolas fall in love, and the rest of the story continues to follow the movie in every way. There is almost no change and no emotional journey that the Mary Sue takes. Boring!: (following #7) There may be the occasional added line here and there from Mary Sue, but other than that, every Mary Sue story basically follows the script word for word. Why Movie Version?: (following #8) It may be easier to write Mary Sue adventures through the adaptations of the movies, but if a Mary Sue did fall into Middle Earth, wouldn't they fall into the book version, since that is the original Middle Earth? Because everyone else is doing one… that's right, I've decided to give it a go. Why? I honestly have no idea. So far, I've only ever liked one Mary Sue story out of the many that I've read/tried to read, but I guess I'm just bending to Mary Sue pure pressure. I'm still working on my other story: The Shield of Undomiel , but I like having more than one project to work on, just so I don't get bored. Will I be breaking some of the rules above? Unfortunately yes, but only when it can't be avoided. These two characters will be based on my brother and I (with different names of course), and if there is something we cannot do in reality, it won't happen in this story. Wish me luck. P.S. No copyright intended, this story is not meant to offend Mary Sue authors (I apologize now if I do), I don't own anything except the OC's Chapter One: We Accidently Run Into A Barrow-Wright It was the weekend of September 28th, 2013, (should have posted this yesterday) and what was I doing? I was blindly following my brother through the woods behind our farm, without asking any questions. Hi, my name is Susan McGlashan, my brother's name is Eric, and we are not normal. My brother is younger than me by a year and a half, but everyone thinks he's the oldest because he's taller than me by almost five inches. Even before he was taller than me, people didn't' think I was older; instead they just assumed that we were twins. Eric likes to say it's because I act younger than him, and the worst part is, even when I put high heels on, he's still taller than me. No matter how much we look alike, we are completely different from each other. While I'm in my room reading fiction and fantasy, he's in his room researching wilderness survival skills and taking notes in his own personal Edible Plants journal. I like to tease him about his many survival kits that are stored away in his bedroom but he always come back at me with chirps about my own little medieval mind set. It all comes down to the fact that I sometimes let slip the occasional medieval word or phrase by mistake. No thine's , thee's or thou's , or anything, but when I say things like: "I'm facing a dire deadline" or "your memory serves you ill," then I never live it down. We absolutely hate each other, but on rare occasions when we're not arguing, we get along really well; in fact, if we weren't related, we'd probably be pretty good friends. Doesn't make sense I know, but that's a brother and sister relationship for you. Our time together (not arguing) is mainly spent in the barn shooting targets with our bows. That's another thing about us: we're archers, and not compound archers. We use traditional bows without high tech gears. It took longer to learn how to use a longbow, but it felt more natural using one, besides, during hunting season when we're in the woods, a long bow is not as delicate to carry around compared to a compound bow. Today however, we were not hunting for deer, we spending the night. I was currently suffering a severe case of writer's block with the fantasy novel that I have been writing for years. It had been driving me crazy for weeks, until I got the idea of putting myself in the exact same situation as the characters in my story. I was hoping find some more writing inspiration this way. I got stuck writing at a point where my characters were wandering through a forest, so I decided to spend the night in the woods out behind our farm. Eric of course was coming with me because apparently I'm (and I quote) 'at risk at getting lost on our own property,' and he was in the mood to go on a survival trip anyways. Our parents had to work so they wouldn't be with us, but we had our cell phones if we got into serious trouble. The plan was to take Eric's smaller survival bag, a couple sleeping bags, and nothing else. no tent, no food, just natural resources for the whole weekend "we're weird, I know, don't judge us." Surprisingly it had to be over twenty degrees because Eric's hair was curling under the humidity. It was just a mess of blond curls. Mine did the same thing, so I tied it in a ponytail to keep the curls out of my eyes. We'd walked off the beaten path a while ago and were weaving through the thick bush to a place where Eric had built his own little survival camp. 'So where's this log shelter you keep telling me about?' I asked him. 'Just past these trees,' he answered. 'I haven't been there in a while. Hopefully it's still holding up.' He suddenly stopped in his tracks and looked behind us as if something were bugging him. I followed his line of sight but didn't know what we were looking for. 'Hey, Su, you know which way we go to get back to the house right?' 'No… I thought you–' he shook his head and then stared directly at me. "Were we lost already?" I could tell something was up. 'You've got to be joking!' I groaned, but as soon as I said that, that little evil grin that I hated so much appeared on Eric's face and he started to laugh. 'Yep, I am,' he said 'you should have seen the look on your face. You would have been so lost if I didn't know where we were.' 'No I wouldn't,' I argued 'I'd just walk east, I'd hit home eventually.' 'Really?' said Eric 'which ways east?' " Dam!" I mentally cursed. I couldn't tell. It was the middle of the day, so the sun was pointed directly in the sky, so I couldn't look at the direction that my shadow was pointing. Randomly, I took a wild guess and pointed in the direction we had just come from, but by the amused look on Eric's face, I could tell I was wrong. 'Nope,' he said looking at his watch, 'that way's east.' Eric extended his hand to the left 'Well, I would have guessed that if it were a different time of day,' I said. 'I can't see where the shadows are directed. I know the sun rises in the east and sets in the west, I'm not stupid.' 'You don't need the tree shadows to know which way's east or west,' said Eric 'all I did was angle my watch so that the hour hand faced the sun and then looked in the direction between the hour hand and the twelve o-clock mark to get north and south. You see? North, south, east, and west.' He demonstrated his knowledge by pointing to each direction as he spoke. I rolled my eyes at him. 'Nerd,' I mumbled under my breath, but he heard me and laughed again. 'Pot calling the kettle black! You're more of a nerd than I am.' 'Am not,' I argued, 'I'm just a different kind of nerd. 'Yeah, but at least I'm a smart nerd, you're just a geeking nerd,' said Eric. 'Yeah, but technically I'm only a half blood nerd on our mom's side.' He raised his eyebrows at me and smirked. 'Wow, just knowing that makes you a nerd.' 'Shut up,' I said, and we kept going. We came over the hill and there I saw Eric's camp. Eric had stacked fallen logs together for the walls, and thatched a roof made out of fern branches. it would have been amazing, accept, only one wall was still standing, and the roof had caved in, but even then it actually looked pretty impressive considering that he built it himself, it just needed a bit of fixing up. 'Well,' I said, walking up to the campsite, 'if this is shelter, then one wall and no roof make a house.' I couldn't resist, after all, it was a Lord of the Rings quote. I even did a voice imitation of Sam Gamgee when I said it. Eric raised his eyes at me, recognizing who's voice it was supposed to be (we had just watched the first movie last night) and he did not looked impressed. 'Lord of the Rings? Again, really?' 'What?' I asked. 'Admit it, you're obsessed.' 'I'm not that bad.' 'No?' he asked. 'What's in your backpack?' 'My novel,' I answered casually. 'Is that all that's in there?' 'Probably not, I didn't empty my school stuff out of it, so I... Oh.' He caught me. Eric knew that I was reading The Lord of The Rings on the bus. I unzipped my bag and lo and behold, I found my copy of the Ring's trilogy, with all three books printed in the same cover. Yes, I was obsessed. 'Busted,' he said, sprouting another evil grin on his face. 'Yeah, okay,' I confessed, 'but I'm not the only one who loves it. Did you know that The Lord of The Rings is the most read book in the world, other than The Bible?' He rolled his eyes at me and shook his head 'What?' I asked again. 'We desperately need to get you a boyfriend.' 'Oh shut up.' We spent the rest of the afternoon fixing up the shelter. Repairing the roof was the hardest part, but we managed in the end. By the time the sun was setting, the shelter was all done, and I was starving. Eric had started the fire for us with his flint and then began roasting some roots that he found. They tasted a lot baked carrots, but even after eating them I was still hungry. I saw a berry bush nearby and walked over to it. It was a wild rose bush, which meant that the