Disclaimer: They're not mine, I swear, even though I wish they were...PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE review! I never get criticism, it makes me sad...but reviews make me happy! Please post! Elvish Translations: Namarië : Farewell, mellon : friend, melamin : beloved, tenn' omentielva enta: until next we meet Bonds of the Heart The night is dark and peaceful, its blackness enfolding me in a comforting shroud as I stand on my balcony in Imladris. I stare out over the gardens and forests, letting my eyes wander the paths my feet have traveled so many times. I know them by heart, of course—can envision each bush and tree. But still I walk them, marveling at each new blossom, reveling in the sheer power of life that Vilya had helped me harness. Yet Vilya was dead now, and the valley faded with her. I knew the moment when the hobbit Frodo completed his quest. There was a stunning absence of power, of the support that I had depended on for many centuries, and I knew. Vilya and Sauron were both dead. I still wonder that something so small as Vilya could hold such power, and could have been controlled, albeit indirectly, by such evil power as the One Ring had held—a piece of Sauron himself. I still remember the night Gil-Galad gave me Vilya. We were two days' march from Mordor, when my King and dear friend summoned me to his tent. Elrond made his way through the lonely camp, his passing silent as the shadows. The tents about him were dark; most of the men were asleep. Most—but not all, it seemed, for Gil-Galad had sent a page to summon him. When he reached the complex of tents at the center of camp, Elrond was unsurprised to see more than one tent lit with flickering candlelight. All the commanders were worried about the upcoming battle. Gil-Galad, however, was the only one outside of his tent, his pale face turned to the stars. Elrond went to his side, sharing the comfortable silence until Gil-Galad chose to break it and disclose the reason for his summons. Finally Gil-Galad sighed softly and turned to his herald. "Come and sit with me, Elrond," he said, a hint in his voice of weariness deeper than that which sleep could cure. "I would speak with you of this battle." Something within Elrond stirred at those words, a vague unease so deeply rooted in his subconscious that he nearly missed it. Yet it must have put an edge on his voice when he answered Gil-Galad with a nod and a soft "As you wish, my lord," for the high king looked searchingly at Elrond before allowing him into the tent. Within, Elrond found Gil-Galad pacing his tent. For a moment as the candlelight flickered, Elrond saw Gil-Galad striding forth arrayed in shining armor, Aeglos in his hand, the fumes of Orodruin swirling about him. A great dread gripped Elrond's heart in iron claws as the black mists gathered into a shadow, haunting Gil-Galad's step, drawing ever nearer… "Elrond? Elrond!" He opened eyes he did not know he had closed. Gil-Galad stood before him, clothed in tunic and leggings, a hand on his shoulder. For several moments Elrond did not speak, the sudden terror shining in his eyes. "You must not go to battle, my lord!" he whispered finally, voice soft with a fear he did not attempt to hide. Gil-Galad regarded him searchingly for many minutes, and then turned away. "And what would my men say, Elrond, if I did not? The battle would be lost before it began." "But my lord, my foresight—" Elrond began, struggling to express the horror of his vision. Gil-Galad interrupted him. "—lies not. Yes, Elrond, I know this. Yet perhaps you read this vision wrong." Elrond said nothing, dropping his gaze to hide his frustration. "It matters not," Gil-Galad continued. "I shall go forth to battle, for there I am needed." Elrond heard the words as a death-knell, but still said nothing. Gil-Galad stilled for a moment, his back to Elrond. "Yet perhaps…perhaps some precaution might be taken, in case this vision proves true." He turned and went to Elrond, who had still not raised his head, attempting to master his emotions before he looked again at his lord. Taking the Peredhil's hands in his own, Gil-Galad regarded them thoughtfully. "You wear no jewelry upon your fingers," he remarked teasingly. "Have you found none who might share your heart?" Elrond's gaze flew up to meet his lord's. "No, my lord, I—" Elrond stopped as he felt Gil-Galad press something into his right hand. As the high king stepped back, Elrond opened his hand to find a slender silver ring, unadorned but for a small stone the color of deep water. A light seemed to shine from within it; even without slipping the thin band upon his finger, Elrond could sense the power it exuded. "Vilya." he breathed, a part of him quivering with fear that he had spoken its name aloud. Gil-Galad smiled grimly. "Aye, Vilya. The Ring of Air, gifted to me by Celebrimbor. Long have I borne it in secret. It would grieve me indeed to see such power for good fall into the hands of Sauron the Deceiver. Thus, if your foresight prove true…" Elrond gazed at him in shock. "But my lord, I am not worthy—" "Worthy?" Gil-Galad chuckled. "Mellon, I know no other more so. I have no heirs. You know me and my ambitions best of all my counselors. If I fall in this battle, I would entrust my people and their future to no other." "As you wish, my lord," Elrond bowed his head briefly, trying to hide his doubts. Gil-Galad approached Elrond and grasped his shoulders lightly. "You came to me, many centuries ago, an Elfling searching for his place in the world." Gil-Galad smiled fondly. "I took you in, and in my house you learned much of history and war and politics. Yet you also learned patience, and wisdom, and leadership. You have a good heart, Elrond, and a strength not unlike my own. With Vilya you will achieve much. Our people will follow you, and you shall lead them well." He raised Elrond's head until their eyes met. "Do you not trust my judgment, mellon?" Elrond swallowed once, his sorrow outlines in the creases of his face. "I trust it, my lord," he answered softly. "You have been as a father to me. I shall not forget you." "I should hope not!" Gil-Galad smiled briefly. "But you should not cling so to my memory, nor should you judge yourself by it. You are your own man, Elrond, and a good man. Have faith in it." They shared a quick embrace, and as they parted Elrond noted the weariness in the high king's eyes. "You should sleep, my lord." Gil-Galad sighed. "I know it, Elrond, and yet my sleep is restless and my dreams ill." "Nonetheless you should try, my lord," Elrond said. "I shall. You should rest as well, mellon," Gil-Galad said, and Elrond left, but his dreams too were ill, and he found little rest that night or the next. To my deep sorrow, I had seen truly. Gil-Galad fell, and Elendil with him. Even now I shy from the memory of that battle. There, within the Crack of Doom, I failed. I allowed Isildur to escape with the Ring. Many blame the events of the Third Age upon that moment, and upon the weakness of Men, but I know better. Weakened by sorrow for my king and ever-pervasive self-doubt, my strength failed. Unlike Isildur, I survived, leading the Noldor back to Imladris, where we built a haven from the world. I threw myself into my work, trying in vain to escape my memories and inner torment. Yet they followed me into my dreams, whispers that haunted the paths of my thought until I felt I would go mad. The shards of memory cut at my heart like glass, clear in my mind but painful to relive. I sincerely believe that, had I not been occupied with the ruling of a realm, I might have faded. I had little to hold me here; I had no family and few friends, none truly close enough to inspire me to remain. I closed myself off from the world, taking no lovers, allowing none to claim my friendship. And then the Lord and Lady of Lothlorien summoned me to their sunlit forest to discuss the future of Elvenkind. Many were invited to that council, and many decisions made, not the least of which was the formation of the White Council. Yet a bond still more important was made there as well, for beneath those golden canopies I met Celebrian. She was beautiful. Not merely in body, though her exquisite features never failed to tease a smile from my lips. No, Celebrian's true beauty was within. She was so easy to love, bubbling with happiness and an infectious love for life. Her laughter soothed my wounded heart, bathing it in kindness and understanding. She was the one person to whom I could unburden my heart, knowing that I would see only compassion shining from those green eyes. Making the step from friends to lovers was so natural; politics played little part in our proposed marriage. Celebrian's acceptance of my proposal was the first time in my life I was moved to cry for joy. I loved her; perhaps too much. When she was brought to me by my sons, broken in body and spirit, her enthusiasm for life withered into a husk of its former brilliance, the sight nearly broke me. I do not think I will ever fully comprehend how I managed to survive the year she spent with us before her departure. I could heal her body, but my love and determination was not enough to cure her troubled soul. Every glance, every word from her was a further reminder of how I had failed her, another dagger in the heart which she had so carefully mended when first we met. When finally she made the decision to depart for Valinor, I found in my heart both anguish and relief. Celebrian took a few steps onto the salt-encrusted wood of the deck before she turned back to face her family. She stared at them each for long moments; first the twins, then Arwen, and Elrond last. He saw in that gaze the sorrow she felt at her own inability to face her inner turmoil, and he knew that he had not been able to hide completely his own anguish at his failure. As she regarded her children, he also saw there a calm acceptance, though acceptance of what he did not know. Elladan and Elrohir stepped forward first to bid her farewell, and Elrond moved his gaze to the Sea. He was holding to his composure by a thread, and did not wish to relinquish it before his children. No, he must be strong for them; he must show them a path to accepting the fate their mother had chosen. The Sea rose and fell, breathing like a living creature. Elrond felt a deep trepidation at the idea of Celebrian traveling so far upon that unsteady road. He supposed it was a childhood fear, borne of his mother's death by water and his father's disappearance. Perhaps he had always known that the Sea held his father's heart more completely than he and Elros ever could. He had done his best to show his own children unconditional love and affection, as had Celebrian, though she often spent time in Lorien as well. He hoped that it would be enough of a bond to pull his children through this tragedy. He hoped his bond with them would be strong enough to retain his own sanity. Elladan spoke first, always quicker than his twin to display emotions. Elrond could not force himself to look at them, but