Shifters Bold: Animal Form/Pack Thoughts (Shifters only) Normal: Human Form/Normal speaking (For those who are or are not Shifters) Italics: Projecting thoughts (Shifters only) (P.S Will only be Projecting thoughts if it has Coutation marks in it. And that time only. Anything other is the normal use for Italics) Bold Italics: FlashBacks (Everyone, normally.) Bold Italics Underline: A/N Messages Italic's Underline: Time Skips/Same times, different places Note: I do not own PJO/HOO, Rick Riordan does! Percy's POV You think you've had a bad day? I think I've got you beat by a long shot. I was walking to Camp Juipter, when I heard a low growl behind me. I spun around to find myself looking into deep brown eyes. It growled at me, its hackles raised, its ears down. Now I'm not a perfect animal expert, but Wolves are my favorite land animal, and so I knew all about them. Sad to say, that was the hunting look. It was huge. Five times bigger then the normal wolf, about as big as Mrs. O'Leary and it was a soft Hazle color, but I knew it could kill me. My hand went for RipTide, but it was faster. It jumped and pinned me to the ground. It growled at me. Before I could call for help, it bit into my shoulder, and jumped off of me. It laid down near me, and just... Waited.. For something... Before I could get through one heartbeat of my mile a second heartrate, pain envoloped me. It started at my shoulder, but quickly spread. I wanted to scream and cry out, but Lupas training kicked in, and I clenched my jaw and I stayed quiet. I don't know how long the pain lasted, but it felt like ages. At first, it felt like I died. Then it felt like I was getting stronger. My hearing increased, and I could hear the strong Heartbeat of the wolf near me. I kept my eyes closed. It felt as though I was frozen, the thrown on the sun, then frozen again, then microwaved in a nuclear factory. I started to count the Wolfs heartbeat. After I got to 22,000,000 I noticed that I was actully counting that high up. Suddenly, the pain increased, making me feel as though I was looking at a godly form without being a god myself. Over and over again. I wanted to scream bloodly murder, but I kept quiet. I never remember being moved, but I relized that I felt cold stone under me and not the soft forest floor. I heard water dripping (Son of Posiden, not hard to know it's water. It doesn't take a genius.) I felt stronger, the pain faded. I felt ferverishly hot, and my eyes flickered open. What I noticed first, was everything was excremly clear. (A/N Ik, it sounds like Twilight. Bear with me, it's the only way I could explain it!) I sucked in a breath, and noticed the I could taste everything . I could taste the dust in the air, the dampness of the cave I was in, everything! I could see every crack in the stone, every bump on every bump on every bump, I could see a droplet of water, so minuscule it was crazy! I could also hear so much better. I could hear every sound in this cave. I could hear a camelion scurrieing past me, I could hear the slow heartbeat of the Wolf. The Wolf... My head snapped to see the Hazel wolf lieing there. A look of grief in its eyes. "What?" Percy asked. Then to his utter surprise, it actully turned into a man! "I'm so sorry for doing this to you, Son of Posiden, but it was destend to happen." Before I could ask what, I suddenly felt hotter, I felt as though I was flying, then suddenly, I hit the ground again. On all Fours. I'll admit. I freaked. "What's happening to me!?" I thought. To my surprise, the man had turned back into a wolf "You are now a Werewolf, Perceus Jackson. Again I apologize, but the Fates told me long ago that this would have to happen." "The Fates? Why would they want me as a Werewolf!?" "Because you are the strongest Demi-God ever, just imagen what you can now do as a Werewolf! Truthfully, we're not Werewolfs. We're called Shifters for a reason. There are many different Animals that can do this. You know of all of those animals that the Hunters of Artemis can never catch?" I nodded "Thats them." I thought that over, then I noticed something We were hearing eachothers thoughts! The other Wolf laughed in my head "That I am. We can project our thoughts to eachother, and you are doing it without noticing. But..." He trailed off, and I pushed for information "Sence you are now a Shifter, you need to know how to hunt. Know how to survive. And truthfully, I would be honored if you be in a pack with me. Even though you are right now, you can leave at anytime. It can just be us, doesn't have to be anyone else." I thought that over, then agreed. "Great!" He thought "Just so you know, Our nature of Wolves will make one of us be an Alpha, but the Fates already told me that you are stronger than I, so I will be honored to be under your command." Great. Once a leader, always a leader. "Oh," He added "My name is Mark. Short for Markus, but don't call me that. I hate that name." "Okay... Markus." I grinned at him and he laughed. "Fair enough, Perceus." "Just Percy." "Whatever, Perceus." I nudged him playfully with my side. "Come on, Alpha. You need to Hunt." And true to his words, I replized that my appetite quadruipled. "Mark... What about my friends? I was heading to Camp Jupiter!" I realized. Mark winced "Uh... You've been 'Missing' For the last week, Alpha. That's how long the trandsformation takes." I lowered my head "Have they come looking?" "Yes. That's why I moved you. They cannot know of your trandsformation yet. There is a war coming. The Titans are riseing again, and Kronos is one of them. It will take many more years, but that is why you were turned now, so you can learn your powers and controll them along with your strenght" I nodded, and then we took off into the forest in serch for food. That was my first day as a Shifter. Twenty Years Later Annabeth's POV Its been over Twenty years sence Percy dissapeared. Twenty years sence I've had my engagement ring on my hand. Let me recap for a moment, just so you know what I'm talking about. [Flashback] I lied on the Beach, my head on Percy's lap, his hand absentmindedly playing with my hair, his eyes had a dreamy look to them, and I knew mine did too. I lifted my left hand, and admired how the ring on it sparkled in the light. That's right. Percy Jackson, love of my life, proposed to me today. It was a beautiful ring. Crafted by Hephestus himself. Percy had gone on a four month long quest. I was heartbroken at first. He hadn't told me where he was going, and that hurt. But what hurt worse was when he choose Nico and Clairess to help him. Not me. For the first few days, I didn't move from my bed, just trying to figure out why. Then after those long four months, he came back [Flashback within a Flashback] I was at archery, and I saw Nico and Clairess walking by. They were both talking excitedly and with Nico using his hands, which didn't surprise me much, seeing as he was Italian and he tended to do it alot. But what did surprise me was when Clairess laughed with pure joy threw out her arms and spun in a quick twirl, on one foot. She ignored the stares, and I noticed her vision zoom in on me. Her smiled widened (If that was even possible) and she quickly grabbed Nicos hand and pulled him over to me, but he didn't resist. He was practically bouncing with excitement. "Annabeth!" Clairess called. I flinched at how she actully used my name for one, and the second reason, she was so happy ! What had happened on that quest? "Yeah?" I asked. "You need to head to the beach! Quick!" Nico said "Percy is there, he wanted take a swim." Clairess added, then like they had rehersed it or somehting, they said in Unison "And he's been dieing to see you! Go to him, and go to him NOW !" And to punctiate their words, they pushed me roughly in the direction of the Beach, grinning like mad, and took off, both laughing and talking excitly about something. I shrugged and walked to the beach. My curiosity was getting the better of me. I found Percy sitting on a rock, something in his hands. The moment he saw me, a brilliant smile spread across his face, and he got down quickly "Annabeth!" He said. "Percy" I laughed at his excitement. "Whats up?" "Can you do me something?" "Sure...?" "Close your eyes." And so I closed my eyes. I heard him moving, then I felt his hands wrap around my waist from behind me. I smiled at his affection. "Open your eyes." He whispered. And I opened them to see a small black box infront of my eyes. It wasn't open, but my heart beat faster. "Open it." He said. I gengerly took it from his hands, and opened it slowly. My hand flew to my mouth and tears pricked my eyes. I felt his chin rest on my shoulder. It was a ring. It was molten gold green and grey for the band, and the Diamond was beautiful. About 17 Karats, and it glittered in the light. The Diamond had been cut to look like an Owl spreading it's wings with a trident behind it. I took it from the box and on the inside was the words "WiseGirl and SeaweedBrain" I closed my eyes as the tears fell. I dropped the box, whirled around, and kissed Percy deeply. When I pulled away, there was a look of myschief in his eyes "I take it that it's a yes?" I rolled my eyes and slipped on the ring. I fit perfectly. [End Flashback within a Flashback] People had been watching us, esspecially the Aphrodite Cabin, who squealed with excitement the moment I slipped on the ring. Clairess was in Chris' arms, just happy to be there, and Nico was grinned and mouthed "You're screwed dude" To Percy. "Thinking about the future?" I heard Percy ask, bringing me back from my thoughts. "More like the past about three minutes ago" I replied. He smiled and kissed my forhead. "Come on WiseGirl" He laughed "It's almost curfew." I smiled and grabbed his hand and he pulled me up. "Hold on" He said. "Let me see the ring." I frowned, but handed it to him. "Okay" He said "Now don't freak out." And he threw it as far as he could into the lake. My mouth dropped open in shock. I stood frozen for a moment, and was about to yell and scream at him, when He held up a finger, took my left hand, and lifted it to show me something. I looked at the hand in shock. The ring was right there on my finger! I looked up at him curiously. "Hephestus tinkered with it so you can never lose it, and never forget it. Also, it's waterproof and will never turn your finger green. BTW" He added the BTW part just to make me laugh. [Flashback end] He left for Camp Jupiter to talk to Reyna the next day. The gods had decided to join the camps, and it was Percy and Reyna's jobs