Title : Britannia et Panem Author : justadram Fandom : Hunger Games Pairing : Katniss/Peeta Chapter Rating : T Chapter Summary : When the Romans conquered their land, Katell never thought it would be a Roman who saved her. She returned the favor by almost killing him. Author's Note : This first chapter was originally written for day three of the Prompts in Panem AU event, where the prompt asked you to write about Everlark during war. This will be a multi-chapter fic. Britannia et Panem Chapter One His companion is dead before Gael ever leaps the ditch as quick as a red deer. He's speared through the throat, his eyes gaping open unseeing into the grey sky, but the other one is badly injured yet still alive. He fights. He struggles mightily against Gael, almost managing to throw him on his back. He's strong enough that uninjured Gael might not stand a chance. But we've performed our task too well, crippled him just enough. There are things the Romans have that we don't that make our struggles feel hopeless, but we're skilled in guerilla tactics that these Romans are never quite prepared for, and Gael gains the upper hand. "He's good with a knife," Gael calls, flashing a bleeding forearm, just a scratch, as he pulls the fallen Roman we've speared through the thigh over the ditch, where Jowanet crouches with her iron axe and I with my spear. Gael could cut him there on the road, but he might mean to take the man's head as a trophy. Gael pulls the man's head back by the hair, and he stops kicking, because any movement would only help Gael finish the job. I see the man's face, his teeth clenched in pain or fury, and my first thought is to scorn the gods. Not him . I would know him anywhere. He saved me once. … Before they started building the stone and turf wall the Romans call the Antonine Wall, we thought we were safe. After three generations of my people had lived through Roman invasion, war, and conquest the Romans no longer troubled us. We were north of Hadrian's Wall, constructed in response to a failed rebellious uprising, and after the stone wall rose, they seemed content to stay south and collect tribute from those that sought to pass through, controlling the flow of goods and people from one region to another in a show of their boundless power. The only thing that need concern my family was the southward push of our wild northern neighbors and the drive to fill our bellies with a successful harvest. That's the way it had been for eons, so the Druids, keepers of our past, told us. Safe. That's something only children believe in. Romans must want to cover the world in roads and forts, for they're never satisfied with what they have, and their gods must be lucky, for they very rarely can be stopped in getting what they want. The invasion was quick. Three legions of their heavily armored men moved like a millipede across the land from Coria south of the wall towards the Firth of Forth along the Roman military road, throwing up their forts to keep watch over the northern free remnant of the Brigantes and the lowlanders, the Selgovae, Damnonii, Novantae, and my people, the Votadini. The war took my da and half the men from our hillfort settlement before two harvests were brought out of the fields. The Druids teach us that when one dies, the spirit does not, but comes again with new birth. Little good some squalling infant would have done my family: we needed my da. It might as well have taken my mà as well, for she was left present only in body, not in spirit. With a sister not old enough to throw a spear and no brothers, we were close to starving as the winter after Da's passing ebbed. My people were forced to accept an unequal alliance with the Romans, which spares our land from being dotted with forts the way some of the more southern tribes' lands are. We're a buffer between them and the people they fear more than us: the Caldonians who rush into battle smeared in woad. The Romans use us and remain close enough that we know we are not free and aren't like to ever be free again. Near the most eastern point of the wall at the terminus of the Roman road lies a stone fort and settlement with two marching camps they call Veluniate. It's well supplied with grain—more grain than they need and grain that I knew could save our starving family. After my da died and we had nothing left of our winter stores, I made the two day trek to the Roman settlement. It was not my intention to come begging. I am proud. Proud of my family, my settlement, and my people. I brought cloth woven by my mà for trade, but the soldiers cared nothing for my homespun offerings, and I found myself outside their market, trembling from exhaustion and despair. I would have to let my family die or I would have to offer something else to these Romans. My body. I knew other women who had done it. When Jowanet still had a family to save, she made use of what she had for Roman food or Roman coin. Only, I couldn't make myself move towards any of them, couldn't make myself unwind my furs from around my shoulders to expose the tan of my skin to their glares. He was standing guard by a loaded wagon, watching me, as I slumped against a wood support. He looked like all the rest—strangely smooth faced and broad of chest—but he looked back at me not with the usual scorn. I couldn't read what was in his eyes, but perhaps he was kinder than the rest. Better him than the older man with the rancid breath, who had shouldered me out of the way, when I held up Mà's handiwork. But he didn't take from me. He gave. Assigned to guard the wagon, the Roman soldier with yellow hair loaded my arms with a sack full of grain instead. … Gael's hand is on the handle of his knife, his knuckles white, ready to hack the Roman's head from his neck. I dart forward and grab it, holding it fast, preventing him from following through. I would scream for him to stop—a scream threatens to tear from my throat—but there are likely to be other Romans nearby, patrolling the road. Their presence is what has drawn us here, eager to commit an act of rebellion. Gael wants nothing to do with an alliance. Rebellion burns in his blood, and he means to drive the Romans south or kill every last one of them Not this one . Usually Gael understands me. There is usually no need for words between us—a useful thing in hunting partners and resistance fighters—but I can see by the narrowing of his eyes that my restraining grip on him has lost him. "We'll take him with us." I can feel the Roman's blue eyes on me, but I stare back at Gael, willing him not to move the knife across the man's throat. "For ransom?" Jowanet asks, fingering her axe at her side. I'm thankful she's given me a reason, because I'm terrible at lying. I latch on to it, nodding my head. "He's like to die, Kat." She indicates his bleeding thigh with the head of her axe. His woolen trousers are slashed open. Where the spear sliced through him the edges are soaked in his blood. "I'll fix him." I don't have the skill that my mà and sister have in herbs and arts, but I know enough to keep him alive. I think. Gael growls. I know this isn't what he planned, when he attacked the pair of Roman soldiers. There's no good reason for him to listen to me: he's older, more seasoned, and a man, but Gael respects me. We've hunted together, fought together, and he trusts me. That doesn't stop me from being surprised when he pulls back, tucking his knife away. "I'm not carrying him." Either Gael kills him now or he dies here slowly, bleeding into the earth. The only chance the Roman has is to stay with me until he's some healed. "Don't fight me," I say to the Roman, but it goes for Gael as well, who still eyes like Roman like he'd like to spill more foreign blood. I push Gael away, kneeling down alongside the wounded man. "You can walk, can't you?" I ask, looking down into his pale face. I don't give him the chance to answer. "Tie his arms," Gael insists. "No. He wouldn't be able to walk in his condition. I'll watch him." He's weak. Weaker than I thought. There's little chance he'll fight me or try to run. "Make sure you do." I scowl back at Gael, while Jowanet smirks at the both of us. I slip my arm under the Roman, tugging him upright. He's heavy with more muscle than the men in our village ever manage to build. "What are you doing?" the Roman finally asks, as he leans into me, letting me support his weight. "It's all right. I'm not going to leave you." … As the night grows dark and the embers of the fire die out, I check his wound. There's no debris and it isn't yet showing signs of infection. He hisses with the pain as I tug at the wrapping, pulling it tight. My touch isn't as gentle as my mà's, but that's no surprise—I have no practice or patience in gentleness. My skill will have to be enough. The wound will need to be rewrapped when the sun rises in the morning, but for now it will keep. There's an herb I need that would help with the pain some, but I haven't come across it yet, as we slowly make our way back from the Roman road. His fevered eyes don't leave mine, as I tuck and pull at his shredded trousers. I can feel them on me no matter where I look. "Why?" His voice is raspy and thin with pain, but low enough that they might not have heard him. I glance over at Gael and Jowanet's silhouetted forms, checking to see if there are two pairs of eyes on me. I don't want them to hear me talking with our prisoner , but they seem to be asleep. "Here," I say, wetting his lips with the skin I carry at my side. "Open." His cracked lips part and water trickles between them. He finishes and I drink from it as well, wiping the spilled drops off my chin with the heel of my hand, as I finish. "Why are you doing this?" "Taking Romans prisoner?" "Saving me." I look away. It's a good question. One Gael would like an answer to, no doubt. "To pay my debt. I remember you. The grain." He exhales heavily. "I should have given you more. Your arms looked as thin as bird bones." My cheeks heat. He remembers too. I didn't expect that. Suddenly the looks he's been giving me make more sense. He remembers me at my lowest, weakest point, and there's something about that I don't like, even though I owe him my life. I don't like to be thought of as needy. "It was enough." More than anyone else would have given a dirty little Votadini girl. It saved me, my sister, my mà , it saved me from having to give myself to one of these conquering Romans, and it gave me hope. I should thank him, but I'm not good with words, not even the words of my own tongue, which he knows surprisingly better than most. There's only a