Ah, Pertemis. An unexpected yet rich ship. WARNING – I do not know much of Greek Mythology other then what I study, so some villains and histories here will be fabricated due to my current ignorance. … Dear friends, When word got around camp that a new demigod, one who had taught a few rogue Cyclopes a lesson or two, I knew I'd like him. Seeing that he was, in fact, a she , made me sheepish. Dashing up the hillside to the crest, where Thalia's Pine Tree stood tall and proud, I spotted a girl ripping her bronze knife from the leg of a sobbing animalistic Cyclops. The girl looked stunned, eyes as blue as stark ice wide and shocked. She held the knife awkwardly (Annabeth would have given a full-blown lecture) and she was favoring her left leg. A few more demigods from the Hermes cabin were already there, shouting at and taunting the two other Cyclopes, who were getting so frustrated they swung their clubs around with no true precision. The earth thundered whenever a club would slam into the hillside, kicking up dirt and adding all the more fuel for the monsters' rage. One Hermes camper, I recognized him as Jack Baker, rolled between one Cyclops' legs and drove his javelin upward point-first into the monster's gluteus maximus. Nobody seemed so concerned. Cyclopes were bumbling idiots who'd accept peanut butter while trying to kill you, so no worrying about to campers. The only one to worry about was the new girl. I shouted for Will Solace, standing right at my side, to cover me as I went in. The blond nodded, notching an arrow as I broke into a full sprint for the girl. I bellowed for her to duck. She looked my way, her jet-black hair cut short whipping as she spun to face me, and she dove for the grown just as a huge, crudely-made axe whistled through the air where her head had just been. She stayed that way on the ground, the girl, with her hands over her head. I hit the dirt right next to her, grasping her shoulder. "What's your name?" I shouted over the roars and yells of the battle. The girl screamed and slapped at my hands. "Get off me!" I rolled aside to avoid an intentionally aimed stomp from one of the Cyclopes. The beast growled, cracked yellow teeth showing in a hostile and hideous snarl, and bore down on me. I rolled back onto my feet and whipped out my weapon, Riptide. Holding his axe aloft, the Cyclops attacked. Whether this idiot knew it or not, I basically grew up slaying monsters. I was almost twenty, older than most demigods lived, so that would make me a dangerous card to play to begin with. I'm not bragging. Okay, maybe a little bit. But living as long as I did, along with you guys, I can't help but feel a little pride. The Cyclops swung his axe and I leaned back, pulling a limbo move and watching as the axe passed over me. If the weapon had been made of steel or iron and not jagged stone, I would have seen my reflection. The Cyclops reached forward, attempting to grab me. Riptide caught the light of the blazing afternoon sun as she severed his hand from his body. A roar of agony and rage ensued, and I rolled back again to avoid a wild swing of the axe. An arrow caught the Cyclops in the eye, burying deep. He stood rigid for a moment, took a few staggering steps back, one forward, and then toppled over with a moan. "Did you see that?!" I heard Will shout, " Please tell me somebody saw that!" One Cyclops remained. One out of the three must have wounded a camper because now the Aphrodite cabin were wailing on the poor beast with all they got. I was about to turn my back on them, surely a bunch of well-trained campers could down a single rogue Cyclops, but a move caught me off-guard, making me hesitate. The Cyclops viciously back-handed a few Aphrodite campers, sending them flying and screaming as he barreled through his opening. Headed directly for the new girl. She was standing now, blue eyes wide, mouth agape as he charged. Apollo campers shouted, arrows pierced his shoulders and back and even a high heeled shoe smacked against the side of his head, but the wrathful monster was still boring down upon the girl. I hurled Riptide. The blade flashed through the air, past the Cyclops, and was caught in the palm of the demigod girl. She looked as surprised as I felt relieved. She did have some battle instincts in her after all. The girl sidestepped a wild haymaker and with perfect formation, perfect strength, thrusted the blade upward into the monster's chest, directly through his heart. I saw Riptide's gleaming tip sprout through the Cyclops' back. It was the like the world was holding its breath. Nobody spoke. All jaws simply dropped, and I just grinned like a madman, glad to see Riptide being used properly as well as the new girl unharmed. The campers erupted in cheers as the Cyclops began to crumble into dust, carried away by the wind. The girl just stood there, her large eyes appraising my majestic sword in awe. And our eyes met. Wordlessly, as I approached, she bent to retrieve her celestial bronze knife from the grass. She gingerly held out my sword in her shaking hand and I retrieved it gratefully. "My name's Lindsey," She said wearily as the other campers approached. She met my gaze, "Lindsey Jones." Lindsey and I quickly became friends. She had rapidly recovered from her battle shock as I, along with Will Solace and Malcom from the Athena Cabin, took her to the infirmary. There she was patched up by our best, and Lindsey simply couldn't stop staring around her in a daze. I had recognized the look on her face, the look of a kid who had been lost all her life and finally, at long last, reached home. I had felt the same way when I first arrived at Camp Half Blood. Her story wasn't so different from many other campers'. She spent her life with a single father and his sister. They lived on a farm in West Virginia, raising sheep and tending to an orchard of peaches. She told me her story in private, Lindsey obviously didn't feel comfortable in a large crowd. She described her life with a wistfully sad smile. Homeschooled, raised on a farm with not so many worries other than the nagging question of where had her mother run off to… The fiery demons had crawled from fissures in the earth. Without going into so much detail, Lindsey told me the events that transpired when her father and aunt died. Mr. Jones had gone down fighting with a celestial bronze knife, the very one his daughter now carried, and brought two demons down with him to his grave. Lindsey never told me what happened to her aunt. I could picture it, the burning orchard and the screamed bleats of sheep, running through an unnatural inferno, desperate to escape. Desperate to live. Lindsey had retired for the night after her story, leaving me to ponder my own thoughts. … I sit on the beach. Four months. Four months had passed since Lindsey's arrival to camp. Six months since Annabeth had left for her quest. I had wanted to go with her to retrieve Artemis' stolen chariot. Stealing the Moon Goddess' chariot was pretty much like stealing the moon, and I couldn't imagine how the mortals would react with the absence of the moon in the sky, or lack thereof. Maybe the mist would pull a big one, but we can't fully rely on the mysterious force that veils supernatural and mythological activity from mortal eyes. Annabeth had been the first to raise her hand. I had stood as well, surprised that my girlfriend wanted to go on this quest. We had plans for college in New Rome, you see, and this quest would certainly put a delay in our schedule. But if it was a quest she wanted, I was all for it. So you can't blame me for gaping like a total idiot once she said she wanted to do it alone. We had been a couple for two and a half years, been through Tartarus together, and she wanted to take this quest alone ? After much protesting and forcing about a few hundred promises on her return, I ultimately let Annabeth depart, albeit reluctantly. She meant the world to me. Strong, beautiful Annabeth, with those storm-grey eyes that always seemed to calculate. Plus, she was an amazing kisser. The first few days I Iris messaged her every evening. Every time she had been sitting beside a temporary camp fire, deep in thought. She almost seemed troubled at times. I seriously hoped nothing was wrong, something we should've been working out together. Piper, I had noticed your confused frowns when you'd look at me. you would whisper something to Jason, who would look in my direction with a concerned expression. That day we sparred, demonstrating to the younger campers footwork and mixed techniques of both Roman and Greek. "Has anything been going on with you two, man?" Jason had question, striking for my undefended flank. "Huh?" I feigned ignorance and spun from his strike. I followed with a slash. "You know what I mean, Percy," The Son of Jupiter gave me 'the look' from behind his glasses and executed a spinning kick, knocking aside my sword. (Yes, Jason, you have a look) I sighed, "I dunno. She's just been so distant lately," our swords met with a clang. "Don't blame her, she's hundreds of miles away," Oh, Jason, just to let ya know, that wasn't funny. I snorted and focused on the fight. Jason's battle technique was practical, sturdy, yet predictable. Mine, however, was more flashy, wild, and erratic, albeit less practical, yet no less deadly. I wasn't kidding when I told Jason was she had been distant, both spiritually and physically. She seemed distracted whenever I'd call, and she'd been quick to end our talks, always rushing to some random conclusion. "His legs!" I heard Lindsey shout. I couldn't tell who she was screaming to, so I turned my head. Before I could apprehend the inevitable, my legs had been swept out from under me. As the air raced from my lungs, I stared up at the blue sky in stupefied silence. I tried to rise but was met with the point of Jason's gladius to my forehead. "Gods, Percy," He looked as surprised as everybody in the arena, "You're out of it." I grimaced and grasped my friend's offered hand, allowing him to hoist me to my feet as the campers clapped and hooted. I dusted off my shirt and grinned crookedly at Jason. "That wasn't a Roman move," "Hey, you Greeks may be sloppy, but that doesn't necessarily make you lazy." He shrugged grudgingly. Turned to glare, not fully angry, yet slightly annoyed nonetheless, at Lindsey. She was leaning against a smoking brazier that was cooking some sausages for the hungry, hotdog bun in hand. "What was that for?" I capped Riptide, the sword receding back into a ballpoint pen. "You were dazing in the dead middle of a heated sword fight," Lindsey cracked sasmirk and plopped a sausage into her bun, "That's showing off." I crossed my arms and rose a brow, "So you gave my enemy advice?" Lindsey shrugged noncommittally and took a ravaging bite, "To you it would seem," she said aft swallowing a mouthful of sloppy glory. She made a face and snatched some mustard from a stand beside the brazier. I sighed and uncrossed my arms, letting my shoulders relax as my eyes carried over the field