Unattainable Rating: M15+/R/NC17 Disclaimer: I do not own any of the recognisable characters. They are the property of the Tolkien Estate and New Line Cinema – as are the places. No profit is being made and this is purely for (sick) entertainment. Warnings: Um, yup. This story contains male/male content (Haldir/Legolas). PWP. It does get a little graphic, but there is no actual SEX scene... which doesn't mean it still isn't sort of bad. You've been forewarned. There is some violence and attempted rape, I guess – just read and find out. ;-) It's also extremely long and boring, not to mention a tad repetitive-okay, EXTREMELY repetitive. It is also AU and movie-verse, meaning that it is based on the FILM and not the book. Oh, no! :O Haldir lives in the book (as a matter of fact, no elven reinforcements go to aid Helm's Deep because they cannot realistically get there in time), but I chose to write this in accordance with the film. Sue me. (Please don't-there's a reason I included a disclaimer! See? Let's love, not hate) Synopsis: During the Fellowship's monthly stay in Lothlórien, Haldir has impure intentions to take advantage of their brief guests. A/N: I actually WANTED to write this one, because the idea struck me as sort of interesting. I don't really know... I think I just wanted a reason to gush over Legolas and this provided me with an excuse. Hehe. Deal with it. This was written half a year ago, and I just found it on my hard drive after forgetting about it. I thought I'd upload it. I apologise for any mistakes or mistaken facts, but I tried my hardest to research the correct dates and edit it. Please enjoy. January 17, 3019 (Third Age), Lothlórien [Movie-verse] The lament for Gandalf had carried long into the night, but had eventually faded until it was but a haunting tone within their minds. The Fellowship had listened and marvelled at the foreign language, remembering the wizard for who he was. They all missed him. Their stay in Lothlórien was going to be brief. They still had a mission to accomplish and it was clear their being here was not looked upon fondly by all. They carried with them a great danger and, despite the kind hospitality of the lord and lady, they knew they could not tarry. Even so, the respite was appreciated by them all. It was rare that no one be forced to keep watch over the camp as the others rested or that they be allowed full meals without the constant concern of approaching enemies. The border-guards would alert them to any potential threats ahead of time here. The hobbits had slipped quietly into slumber, stomachs full and hearts heavy. They had shed their grief and were exhausted, falling into undisturbed sleep. The others had done likewise and all was silent within the Golden Wood. Not a bough stirred as the occupants rested. The haven of Lothlórien hemmed them in comfortably and shielded the outside world so that even the passing of time was not accurately tracked with the mind. It was relaxing and tranquil, though danger could follow them at any moment. The Fellowship slept through the night with no difficulty, not a member stirring until dawn came upon them. Aragorn was the first to awaken and lifted himself from the ground. The human stretched upwards and shook the morning stiffness from his body as he ran a hand through his hair and shook the locks about his face. He smiled around at the beautiful forest and turned, seeing Legolas awake across the glade. "Good morning," he greeted the elf with a smile borne of a good night's sleep. Legolas tipped his head in acknowledgement of the words as he combed out his curtains of blonde hair. The elf prince was brushing his fine utensil through the golden strands, spilling them over his shoulders as he sat by his weapons. "Is Gimli awake?" Aragorn asked after a moment of watching Legolas, approaching him. "The dwarf slumbers on," Legolas returned in his musical voice, slender fingers now working at his hair. They twisted the strands elegantly and agilely into small warrior braids, holding back the main body of the golden mane so that it was kept off of his face. "I will wake him in a moment, for we agreed last night to take a walk through the wood of Lothlórien." Aragorn smiled and nodded, glad to see that the two would have time to spend on their own. Their bond was strained and tentative and any interaction could help forge something akin to a friendship. "Good," he agreed. "I will probably stay around here and simply rest." "Or perhaps indulge in a bath, Estel?" Legolas suggested with the slightest hint of playful humour, eyes flickering up to the man's face. "Are you suggesting something?" Aragorn asked bitterly, glaring down at the elf. "It was but a suggestion, mellon nín," Legolas replied in a calm tone of voice, not betraying his amusement. Having finished with his hair, he pulled on his fine leather boots and stood quickly. It felt foreign to not make for his quiver, bow and knives; he did not need them constantly equipped here and that sense of safety was almost strange. "I will rouse the dwarf." Aragorn nodded and took a step back as Legolas crossed in front of him and approached the sleeping son of Gloin. The human watched, interested, as the prince of Mirkwood stooped beside the shorter creature. The pair were in sharp contrast to one another. Legolas was tall and slender, slight frame disguising his strength. His golden hair shone in the daylight and his fair features made him unerringly beautiful. Gimli, in the respect of the dwarves, was short and bulky. He proudly displayed the strength and muscles of his heritage, able to wield a heavy war-axe with deadly precision. His brown, tangled beard obscured the lower half of his face and matched the curled fluff atop his head, rarely seen under his helmet. The golden elf reached out a hand and laid it upon the dwarf's shoulder. "Gimli," he spoke softly, lips quirking upon the lack of reaction. He shook the smaller being with force and increased the volume of his voice. "Come, dwarf! Were there yrch within proximity, they would indulge in your capture! Awaken!" Gimli started at the elven voice, loud beside his ear. His eyes shot open and he glared up at Legolas, rolling into a seated position. "What are you harping about, damned elf?" He mumbled groggily, focusing his vision. The son of Thranduil laughed lightly and straightened, taking a step back. His mirth only further ignited Gimli's irritation and the physical proof of that simply made to amuse the wood-elf even more. "Did you not agree to a walk, accursed dwarf?" Gimli straightened slowly and ran a hand across his face, fingers clearing the residue from his eyes. Scowling, he turned on the jovial blonde and crossed his arms. "What be the time then, master elf?" "It is dawn, master dwarf," Legolas replied easily. "Ready yourself." Gimli scowled again, but did as he was bid. He pulled his hardy footwear on and left his axe by his helmet, seeing no need for either. He did not hesitate to spare Aragorn a glare, too, as the man made known his amusement by chuckling quietly. "Do not be long," the ranger reminded them both gently. "Meals will be prepared soon and I would not have you miss them." "I am well aware, Estel," Legolas returned in a patient tone of voice, despite the mother-hen nature of his human friend. He knew part of it was due to what had happened within the dark hell of Moria. Gandalf had been their leader and with him gone, naturally, responsibility seemed to have been taken on by Aragorn. No one had asked it of him, but he was accepting it as his duty to hold the grief-stricken group together. Lothlórien eased their minds, though, and there was no need for strict guidance here. "Then enjoy yourselves," Aragorn smiled and waved them off with a small hand gesture, delighting in Gimli's third scowl. The fair-haired elf led the way into the trees and looked back for Gimli, urging him on with a gesture. "Come, Gimli, lest we get nowhere fast." "We do not all have elf legs, you know!" Gimli shot back and hurried to keep pace with the taller creature. He was amazed by the forest, though his natural habitat was underground and within the mountains. Lothlórien truly was an awe-inspiring place to behold. Legolas's lilted laugh carried beautifully through the trees and he smiled, content with the forest he found himself in. It was so much better than the mines of Moria and he shuddered to recount the events that had occurred within. "The beauty of Lothlórien has not changed since last I was here," he broke through the silence that had fallen. "I was but an elfling and travelled here with my mother. It was long ago." Through a previous conversation, Gimli knew the elf beside him was 2931 years old and was still considered young by his people's standards. He also knew the grievous tale of the queen of Mirkwood and decided it would be safer for him to simply nod, rather than comment. He did not want to cause offence with a careless response. "It reminds me of what Mirkwood was like in her glory," the elf prince continued after no reply was forthcoming. "For it was not always named Mirkwood, you know. Her former name was Greenwood the Great, known for her shining leaves and singing trees." "What happened?" Gimli questioned, feeling the tension ease as the topic slowly changed. "Sauron, though we did not know it at the time, took up residence in Dol Guldur close to the year 1050," Legolas started the story in a tone that suggested he knew it well. "In man's tongue, it translates to 'Hill of Sorcery' and it was his stronghold." "Sauron?" Gimli sounded shocked, though his question was rhetorical as he knew the elf did not lie. Still, Legolas nodded. "The elves knew him only as the Necromancer. They were unaware of his true identity at the time and were furious at the darkness he was causing south of our realm and east of our current location. It lies but across the Anduin, visible from Cerin Amroth here, in the heart of Lothlórien. The Necromancer's dark tricks and foul magic soon initiated the corruption of Greenwood and it was not long before spiders and orcs became familiar." "Sauron was in your forest and you did not realise it?" Gimli shook his head. The elf prince dismissed the comment with a dip of his golden head. "He controlled the Nazgûl, their reappearance triggering Mithrandir into action." There was a pause as he respected the passed wizard's name. "Did Sauron confront him?" Gimli asked solemnly, knowing who it was they spoke of though the archer had referred to him in the tongue of the elves. "He fled," Legolas looked at the dwarf. "When Mithrandir went to investigate, he made to the east and escaped him. He did return to Dol Guldur later, however, and Mithrandir forced him out again – recognising him that time. My people and the people of Lothlórien assisted and he was prepared to abandon the dark fortress. Now, our light is the only thing that prevents Mirkwood from sinking into utter darkness." "Being here must then raise memories," Gimli commented casually, thinking how close Sauron had been to the elves. If only they had been able to kill him when driving him from their land. Legolas merely nodded and offered a small smile. Never had he told that story to a dwarf and never had he wanted to, but saying what he had to Gimli did not feel peculiar. That, in itself, was queer