Warnings: Slash, Lime/Lemon, Dark – so, don't like, don't read! A/N: There are so few Marcus/Harry stories out there I thought I'd give it a try myself… this is a GoF-AU, Harry will be sixteen, though – no underage stuff here! Thus, all characters will be two years older than in the books and the age restriction for the tournament will be 19, accordingly, but otherwise everything is pretty much the same. I probably should mention that English is not my mother tongue, so I hope there are not too many mistakes – feel free to point out any mistakes you can find so I can correct them and will know better next time! Anyway, enough talking, on with the story! Enjoy – I hope you like it! Chapter 1 As far as he could remember, Harry had always been aware of people watching him. At the Dursleys it had been out of necessity: whenever he was watched, he had to pay attention not to make the slightest mistake while not showing that he knew he was being watched, because otherwise he would be accused of only working properly under supervision. At Hogwarts, he mostly tried to ignore people watching him (except when it was Snape), but there was no way he could continue to ignore Marcus Flint's stares. Flint had been watching him for weeks, staring at him during lunch and dinner (not during breakfast, though, but that was because Flint never bothered to show up for breakfast), staring at him in the hallways, staring at him when he walked from class to class and when he sat in the library, studying. Today was the day after his name had been pulled out of the Goblet and Harry was in a really, really bad mood because he didn't want to participate in the Tournament; because Ron was a stuck-up dumbass; because people didn't even bother anymore to lower their voices when they gossiped about him and he walked by. So, when he saw Flint leaning against a window sill in the Entrance Hall after dinner and watching him with those dark, piercing eyes, Harry marched up to him and snapped at him: "What do you want from me, Flint?" He couldn't remember ever having talked to him voluntarily, because who would be so mad as to walk up to Flint and disturb him with a conversation? But Harry was mad today, was in one of his suicidal walk-into-any-danger-with-your-eyes-wide-open moods and therefore didn't care. Flint raised his eyebrows slightly, obviously taken aback by the fact that someone had dared to speak to him. "What d'you mean, Potter?" His face held a pointedly bored expression, his dark, almost black eyes piercing Harry. He was a lot taller than Harry (he surely stood at 6'3") and probably weighed twice as much him (though that was pure muscle); but it needed more than sheer body size to impress Harry. After all, he had known Dudley, a whale pretending to be a human, for all his life and had never been truly impressed by him even once. "I want to know why you stare at me all the time," Harry said shortly, his voice trembling with suppressed fury that was not directed at anyone in particular, but Flint seemed like a passable victim. "What. Do. You. Want from me?" Flint grinned at him. "Maybe I just enjoy looking at your pretty face?" With that, he picked up his bag and strolled off nonchalantly. Now it was Harry who was staring after his tall, bulky silhouette disappearing in the hallway to the dungeons. What on earth was that supposed to mean? Harry shook his head and decided to ignore him. It might be a nice change to ignoring the Gryffindors, who tried to cheer for him every time he showed up, as opposed to ignoring the Hufflepuffs, who obviously loathed him for taking away Cedric's possible triumph, as opposed to ignoring the Ravenclaws, who had sided with the Hufflepuffs and gave him dark looks and whispered mean remarks, as opposed to ignoring the rest of Slytherin who were just a bit meaner and crueller than their normal selves. With a sigh, he started walking to Gryffindor tower as his Potions essay wouldn't be writing itself and there was no way Snape would accept "I couldn't write my essay because I was in a really crappy mood" as an apology. xXx During the next days that were filled with hissed rumours, a five-foot-long essay for Charms, detention for not doing his Herbology homework, three cauldrons exploding into his face during Potions, even more detention for that (because it was always his fault, no matter, how much Malfoy was snickering behind his cauldron and blinking at Snape innocently) and endless rain pouring down the windows, Harry hardly had time to think about anything but school and his sorry life. On top of this, however, he had to force himself to ignore Flint's looks (he wasn't sure whether he was seeing things or whether Flint actually looked at him hungrily ), his winks and his meaningful grins with raised eyebrows. On Friday night he sat in the library, eyes closed, his face placed on an old, dusty tome about Goblin wars and tried to calm down. Carefully, he touched his face; the skin felt raw and itchy because the unfinished Cleaning Potion (for removing particularly persistent stains, thank you, Malfoy) had only exploded about four hours ago, but it already felt a lot better than directly after the impact. His skin had pelt away, blisters blooming on raw flesh, accompanied by Hermione's high-pitched screams. Without further comment, Snape had sent him to the Infirmary and Neville had informed him during dinner that he had received yet another week of detention. Harry grimaced when he thought of the snickers that had accompanied him during dinner; he would have liked to see Pansy Parkinson's face while it was drowned in Cleaning Potion for removing particularly persistent stains, surely she wouldn't be laughing then . Someone slumped into the seat next to him. "Not now, Hermione," he mumbled without opening his eyes; these days no one sat next to him willingly except Hermione. "I'm not your little know-it-all," a dark voice said and Harry snapped his eyes open, raising his head hastily and hissing at the pain spreading in his cheeks. "Flint," he groaned. Hadn't he tried to ignore him? Wasn't that enough to make him leave alone? "What do you want?" "Wash your face with cold water for at least fifteen minutes," Flint advised him shortly. "Then, go to bed, you look like you need a lot of beauty sleep." "Huh?" Harry said drowsily. "It certainly wouldn't diminish your mental capacities either," Flint added and then left the table without further ado. How strange , Harry thought, but he supposed that he could not be all that wrong – he was truly in a need of sleep. In the bathroom in their dorms, he pointedly ignored Ron who was brushing his teeth and watching him sceptically while Harry washed his face with icy water for what seemed like ages. He hadn't expected that, but it actually did help and his skin didn't even hurt anymore when he carefully poked his cheeks afterwards. "Weird," he murmured to himself, went to bed and slept for eight hours straight. xXx During the next Potions lesson he sat as far as possible away from Malfoy and even raised a shield around his cauldron so no unexpected ingredients could be added to his potion. His potion was far from perfect, but at least it hadn't exploded so far. Busy grounding griffin teeth for the next step, he didn't even look up when someone knocked on the door. "Potter is supposed to come to Bagman," a bored voice said – Harry knew that voice and tried to spy its owner through the red fumes rising from Neville's cauldron at an alarming speed. "Why?" Snape asked, frowning and scowling at Harry as though the interruption were his fault – which it was , technically speaking. "Didn't ask," Flint said, still sounding bored. "Well, Potter, what are you waiting for? Gather your things and hurry to do your important tournament business. You will start again with this potion next lesson." "Yes, Sir," Harry said, glad he had managed to escape from Snape's wrath at least once. Outside the classroom, however, he wasn't that glad anymore – again, Flint was staring at him. "Uhm, thank you for picking me up," Harry said nervously and immediately wanted to kick himself – why was he trying to be grateful towards Flint? Flint seemed to wonder the same thing; he just grunted and hurried along the hall. Harry almost had to jog to keep up with his long strides – to his dismay, Flint was more than a head taller than him. "Didn't think you'd lower yourself so far as to go and pick up Gryffindors for their appointments," Harry added in order to seem less grateful. "Might play for the Wimbourne Wasps after I graduate, gotta get into good graces with Bagman," he said shortly. Oh , Harry thought, he had never even once thought about making connections – but then again, he would probably not face any problems finding a job after his graduation (assuming he would survive until then). For a moment, he felt absurdly guilty about the fact that any Quidditch team would probably immediately take him – though probably only so they could multiply their merchandise income. "Do you know what they're going to do?" he asked and wanted to kick himself again; Flint had already said he didn't know. His brain seemed to be seriously malfunctioning today. However, the Slytherin just shrugged. "Bagman was all excited, almost thought he was high. Why do they let you participate anyway?" "I didn't put my name into the Goblet!" Harry said immediately. He didn't know how often he had said this sentence already – probably you could wake him in the middle of the night and he'd instantly shout it into the face of whoever had woken him. Flint rolled his eyes. "I know, you said so. But you're too young." "Apparently it's a magically binding contract," Harry replied. "But… do you believe me?" That would make three people in the school who believed him – Hermione, Dumbledore and Flint. What a cheerful group they made. "'Course. Not even you would be stupid enough to actually think you'd stand a chance." "Well… uhm… thank you?" Flint barked a laugh. "It wasn't a compliment, Potter. There are other things I'd compliment you on." "Really," Harry said, doubtfully. This conversation got stranger with the minute. "You have a rather nice arse. Should wear your cloak over it less often." Flint leered at him. "Here we are." Without saying anything else, he strode off and Harry stared after him, dumbfounded. Alright, so obviously Flint – fucking Marcus Flint, of all people! – was hitting on him. Or at least pretending to because he wanted to… get through with some kind of Slytherin plot. But, fact was, he was obviously hitting on him. So, Harry might be a bit slow concerning things like that (it had taken him until last summer to realize Ginny had been crushing on him since the first time they had met), but he wasn't that slow. Mostly. Harry decided to dwell on anything concerning Marcus Flint later and strode into the room which was already packed with people. Immediately, a blonde woman with too much make-up and too long fingernails grabbed his arm and dragged him towards a broom closet. "Harry, it's so great you are here – may I call you Harry? – what do you think of a private interview?" "Um… oh, hello there Professor Dumbledore!" The woman instantly let go of his arm and scowled into Dumbledore's direction. The Headmaster smiled at Harry congenially. "It seems everyone is here. Let's begin. Mr. Ollivander, if you