Hey! I've decided to take a shot at a Lily/James fanfic. This is going to be around the time of the Revolutionary War between the colonies and Britain. I'm sorry if some of the dates don't match perfectly. I'm not sure how much of an intro to give, so there isn't really going to be one. November 15, 1774 "Miss Lily, Did you hear me?" Startled back from where my mind had wondered, as I was staring at my Mum's locket. I turned away from my dressing table mirror, and towards my chamber maid Eleanor. She's really more like a sister. We've been together for so many years. Sometimes I forget she's a servant. "Sorry Ellie, what were you saying?" She held up the two intricate ball gowns given to me by my father, "Blue or Green for the ball this evening Mistress?" I sigh, and turn away. I don't even want to attend, but have to make an appearance among all the boring politician men. I would rather do anything this evening than be stuck in that room listening to the men debate politics, while the women try to get their attention. Many times in the past month, I have wished my life were not so boring and scheduled.. Alas, we don't always get what we want. "How about green for this evening." "Good choice Miss! Every young woman will be wearing blue to impress the prince, and green will look lovely with your eyes," Ellie said with a small smile as she bustled around me putting the blue dress away and getting my corset ready. I wrinkle my nose in disgust, "You really must tonight. Your father asked me to remind you that it is the proper English style." I simply nod, because I can barely breathe as she tightens the stays. My father is probably just worried I will say something I should not, and wants to suffocate me in this, this terrible torture .. but even as angry as I am about having to attend this boring ball, and wearing the most uncomfortable contraption for 'beauty;' I know that my father loves me with his whole heart and would do anything for me. I have always been his favorite. Ever since my sister married that awful man Dursley and my mum died, my father has been very worried about my happiness. He knows I have a lot of opinions, but knows I would never voice them in company other than him. Even when the stubborn men are debating matters such as the King. Ellie sits me down at my dressing table and begins to curl and pin my hair with the rods from the fire. "How do you feel about Prince William being in the colonies?" Ellie asks with a slight blush. It's a well known fact that every woman finds the prince to be very attractive. I for one, don't see it, but that could be because he is my closest relative and very best friend from childhood. "Oh Ellie, I have missed him so! I'm just so upset my father wouldn't let me go to the dock to greet him this afternoon." She shook her head as she finished my hair and started to help me into my gown, "We both know that the docks are not a proper place for a lady." "Ellie, won't you ever take my side?" "Sorry Miss, but your father is right. If it is not too bold for me to say, you shall be the most beautiful lady at the ball tonight. I shall go check on your carriage." She curtsied as she left the room. I look into the mirror and frown. How I wish my mum was here. Then maybe this grand house wouldn't seem so lonely. Her death a little over a year ago has become less painful with time, but there is a sadness I cannot overcome whenever I think of her. I know my father feels it too, because there are times he looks at me and he has to look away. I have always had my mum's hair coloring, but he has admitted that my laugh is too similar to hers to not make him miss her. It did become easier once we moved to the colonies from England seven months ago, because there are less daily reminders of her. I still think of her often, but not every minute of every day. There's a knock at the door that makes me jump, "you may enter!" Edgar opens the door and bows, "Your carriage is awaiting you Miss Lily." I smile at Edgar. Although he is our butler, he is the more like a grandfather to me than my own ever was. He was too busy being the King before he died. When I was younger, he always knew how to cheer me up after I came home from etiquette lessons with my cruel teacher Miss. Umbridge... It's weird to think back to the time when we still lived in England. It seems so long ago. I walk to the door and take his arm, "Oh Edgar, how I wish you could go with me. Maybe this evening wouldn't be so horridly boring." He laughed, "Miss Lily, you will have a wonderful time. Prince William will have his hands full fending off all the young suitors. Have a good time at the ball, but do be careful Miss Lily. I worry about you, especially since your father had to leave early to talk through some business. I do not like you to arrive alone." "Good night Edgar, I shall see you when I return. Which I hope to be sooner rather than later!" I wave out the window and then lean back and close my eyes. Oh how I wish I could stay home tonight. With a sigh I hit the top of the carriage to signal I am ready to go. The horses are just beginning to move when suddenly the door on the far side slams open and a huge male body jumps in. I'm taking in air to prepare myself to scream when I realize who it is! "WILLIAM GEORGE HOW DARE YOU SCARE A LADY IN SUCH A MANNER!" He throws his head back and laughs, "Oh Lilypad, I don't see a lady in here. Although, I barely recognized you as my sword fighting partner who would run around the castle playing pirates with me! My, my you have grown up over this past year. No men tonight should get any ideas or I may have to fight them." I roll my eyes at him, " I haven't been that young girl for quite some time, and please stop calling me that your highness. You know how much I detest it." He narrows his sapphire blue eyes at me, because he knows, that I know he hates to be addressed with that title. I smirk at him, reminding him two can play his game. I will never do as he asks mindlessly like everyone else in his life, besides his father. He smiles at me one of his rare happy smiles and gives me a hug, "I really have missed you Lilypad." "I've missed you too Will, but why did you decide to come scare me?" "Your father was worried about you going over to the ball by yourself without an escort. I decided to make it interesting!" I smile up at him, "Of course you did, but how did you talk your father into this visit? It was so sudden, you did not even tell me in your last letter." He sighs and shakes his head, "My father has really lost it. I'm telling you, he's so paranoid. I try to tell him to let the colonies have a little freedom to breathe but he won't have it. You know how he gets.. well anyways, I am here to win the affections of the men in power over in the colonies. I feel like a bloody peace offering. But really I am just here to see my dearest cousin who I miss every day." "You don't really miss me. You are so busy with your duties and training, and every woman is throwing themself at you. Do you fancy yourself in love yet?" He laughs, "Don't you start with me about that horrid L word... Do you ever wish we could go back to the days when we were growing up. When your father was away at sea so you, your mum, and Petunia would come stay at the castle. Those days were carefree and so full of fun." I lean my head against his shoulder and try to hold back the tears, "Our mums would do anything to try and keep us busy and out of trouble. Remember when she hid our play swords in the Parliament room because that was the ONE place you wouldn't try to sneak into to get them back? I think you were so mad that day you made me walk the plank, and I was your first mate!" He looked down at me with concern as I sniffed, "Lily I have something I must tell you. I wish I didn't but it has to do with your safety, and I want you to hear from me. Not someone else, and your father will always try to shelter you." I sit up straight and look at him in shock at the sudden change of subject. He seems nervous, "What is it Will? You know I can handle anything." He takes my hand, "Lily, there's no easy way to say it, so I'm just going to say it straight up. I have found evidence that your mum was murdered, not killed by accident." The air leaves my lungs and I feel as though I have been punched, "There have been rumors?" He nods and frowns, "Not soon after you left. I have been trying to piece it all together before I told you, but I don't know if I will ever get the chance of us alone again on my trip. I had to say something." "What have you heard?" I ask in a small voice that does not sound like my own as the carriage stops. I frown. He timed it perfectly. He felt a duty to tell me something was up but does not wish to continue speaking of it now in detail. Typical William. His way or no way. He opens the door and steps out. He turns back to help me out. I take his arm with a glare. He smirks at me, "Don't be cross. I just want you to think about it and get over the initial shock before we discuss it at length. I know you Lilypad. This is for the best." I keep my head forward and ignore him, because I know he's right. And I hate it when Will is right. "Oh I nearly forgot to tell you. Petunia has recently found out she is with child.. wal-orse" he finishes under his breath trying to distract me. I try to suppress it, but I burst out laughing, "Oh Will I can never stay mad at you. That poor child! Which would you rather look like? A walrus or a horse?" He continues to laugh as we make our way down the grand staircase. We don't even realize that all eyes are on us, "Come Lilypad, your father insists on your first dance as soon as we arrive." We quickly find my father amongst a group of older gentlemen. He looks at us and smiles, "Excuse me, I must beg your leave. The first dance with my daughter is more important to me than words can say. I hope you forgive me." I keep my head bowed as they look at me and feel Will stiffen besides me. He is not used to me actually acting like a lady. hahaa he's probably so confused.