FAGE 007 Title: Heart Strings Written for: Cullensgirl89 Written By: Kyndall/Celesticbliss Rating: T Summary/Prompt used: Loosely based on Teardrops on My Guitar by Taylor Swift If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. community/FAGE-007/93625/ . I fake a smile so he won't see That I want and I'm needing everything that we should be. . And there he goes, so perfectly, The kind of flawless I wish I could be . . The familiar pitter-patter of the rain on my window brought me out of a sleepy haze. I knew it wasn't what initially woke me; the warm body next to mine in my too small twin sized mattress was turned away from me, but I knew she was awake. I stayed quiet for a while, listened to her breathing even out, the lingering sobs turning into whimpers, then finally gone altogether. I didn't need to see her to know that the sadness in her eyes wasn't gone. It never was. I raised a hand and fingered the frayed end of her simple French braid. "When did she come in?" I asked finally, ready to confront the long day I knew I had ahead of me. She was usually pretty collected when it came to dealing with our mom after a particularly difficult night but once in a while, she needed to let out her emotions. She shrugged and turned over on her back, revealing the tear stains on her cheeks. My almost-black heart broke a little more, as it did every rare day like this. I wished I could just leave, but I knew I couldn't leave her… My kind-hearted baby sister. The only person in the world who could convince me to stay. Things weren't always like this… like remembering a dream the few moments after waking up I could see our mother. Bright and warm, dancing around the living room to the beat of her own drum. To me, she was impertinent to the rules of a "normal mom". She scoffed at the other parents, so prim and proper and looked for ways to break out of the ordinary with me and Prim; My little sister with my dad's eyes. When Dad came home from work, tired and worn thin, his exhaustion was only spotted for a moment because when my mother kissed him hello it was like she breathed life back into him. Her vivacious appetite for life was absolutely contagious. What we didn't realize then, was that he was breathing life right back into her. Because that day… that miserable day the mines collapsed? My dad didn't come home. He died and took the life right out of my mother with him. After that, her life consisted of an overwhelming silence and a bottle of whatever numbing vice she could obtain. I assumed the only way she felt warm anymore, was that sickening ember from the alcohol. "Come on," I nudged Prim and fixed on the best smile I could muster for her, "let's get you ready for school?" I ended the prompt with a question so she didn't feel like she was losing control of her own morning. She sighed, got up and headed to the shower. Our small house once felt quaint. Lived in, but not really messy. All the small imperfections made it our own. The loose door frames sparked witty banter between my parents. My mom playfully nagging dad to fix them, dad eventually trying to teach his girls how to use a hammer correctly when he got around to his honey-do list. Now the list is never-ending as the house splinters and falls apart around us. I fixed what I could, with whatever measly amount of money left from my small paychecks and my best friend was handy with a toolbox, he did what he could. Dad had a decent amount of life insurance but after the years it was wearing thin. My mom was practically a ghost that came and went into mine and Prims life. She ate like a bird but her drinking still ate up our dwindling funds. When I heard the shower turn on, I made my way to the living room to see what damage I needed to clean up before Prim was out. My mother was in her usual spot; Dad's recliner facing the fireplace. She was passed out, her clothes and breath reeked of , this sight would have made me sad. I would've weeped for her and seen the pain on her face as she enveloped herself in my dads memory. But I couldn't find the energy to care anymore. If I did, I'd end up just like her. A soulless shell; death by grief. She had another all-nighter from the looks of it. Since the accident, she seemed to glide through the air. Never made a noise, barely made her presence known. If not for us, her existence would have ceased to the world around her. I wasn't even mad at her. I dealt with her like you'd deal with a stray dog in the yard. I left food out and checked in once in a while but that was as far as my involvement went. Prim was another story. She talked to her every moment she could. She read to her, got her to shower and once got her to eat more than a few bites. Mom never said a word. She checked out a long time ago. Prim was a nurturer by heart and believed with everything in her that she could save mom. Bring her back. Save her. Once in a while the overwhelming silence became too much for Prim. Those were the nights she snuck into my room. Needing some sort of solace I guess. But that was it. That was our life. Prim going to school by day, trying to save moms stray soul by night. I went to work and kept the wheels of our miserable life turning. What choice did I have? . . . "You're late." Mr. Cray muttered with coffee breath when I passed him to clock in. "Sorry." I mumbled back, not caring enough to make eye contact. I worked my ass off for him, and I'd be damned if he was going to give me a hard time over five minutes. His wife, Sae, was a lot more understanding. I usually avoided her gruff husband but since they ran the Hob Flea Market together, he wasn't completely avoidable. I did brighten up slightly when I got to see Gale. I'd known the guy since we were kids and he was my closest friend. His dad was best friends with my dad and worked in the mines with him. He never came home that day either, but his mom was still alive in all senses of the word. She spent more time than she should have trying to reach out to my mom but like most of us she had to move on. Gale was a big guy, tall and solid. Most of the time he spent carrying out large items for customers, helping them load and tie down their merchandise. I was a jack-of-all trades there. I filled in wherever I was needed and I had a knack for selling and a pretty encompassing knowledge of a lot of random enough things. I could fake it well enough where I didn't. I checked the schedule and smiled when I saw that I'd be doing deliveries with Gale all day. Those were my favorite days, all day with my best friend, getting a momentary escape of the mundane. We got to drive all over our small state, which wasn't far but that didn't affect my sweet feeling of freedom when I crossed that county line. . "What's on the list today?" I asked Gale, even though I could just read the list he handed me when I found him at the box truck tying down an antique rocking chair. "A few around town, and a piano to take over to a music shop about thirty minutes up county line," He grunted between pulls on the furniture straps, "You know, you sure have a knack for showing up just as soon as the hard part is finished." He chided with a wink and lowered the door of the truck before locking it in place. "It's a gift!" I laughed back and hopped into the passenger seat. Gale and I tried to date. Several times in fact. We both felt like we should be together, for as much as we are already, well, together. But we never quite clicked; like dating a second cousin I suppose. We do live in West Virginia, but not all stereotypes ring true around here. After the last time we were still in highschool and we pinky promised to never cross that line again. Our friendship to each other was valuable and neither of us wanted to risk it again. It didn't take us long to find our groove while working. Making our stops around town short and sweet with Gale unloading their deliveries and me enjoying the busywork of hello's and signatures. Soon enough we headed two towns over to drop off the piano to what Gale had told me was a new shop that specialized in old instruments and hard to find music memorabilia. I was secretly thrilled for this stop. I didn't mention anything to Gale because I knew he'd be all too eager tease me about it but I loved music. I was addicted to the feeling it gave me when a good note seemed to coat my skin with gooseflesh. I got my affinity for music from my parents but I never learned how to play any instruments. Never did much singing, but I felt like I was pretty okay at it. Though Prim was my only critic, and she might be a bit bias. The shop was tucked into the corner of a long established shopping strip. You'd miss it if they hadn't had a placard sitting out on the sidewalk with the words "Grand Opening Soon!" painted on. Gale drove the truck around back and found the coinciding door. I was a little bummed to find out that the store wasn't technically opened yet. I didn't have a lot of free time so I doubted I'd be able to get back there anytime soon. I walked around to the front to try to find the owner while Gale dealt with backing the truck to the delivery door. The windows were clear, but the shop was dark. I could see an arrangement of instruments lining the display window, ready to be taken to homes and played again or for the very first time. A particularly gorgeous guitar caught my glance, and I couldn't look away. It looked like it was from cherry wood, with a subtle floral design etched into it. I wasn't sure if it was an antique or not, my knowledge on guitars was limited, but it was beautiful. My fingers ached to touch it. To learn how to make music with it. "She's a beauty, huh?" an amused voice came from behind me, "You should hear her sing…" I turned to find a boy. Well, not technically a boy, he was probably close to my age or even older but his features were so soft and gentle I immediately felt like he was young. He was still looking in the window at the guitar, paying no mind to my staring. He had a solid build attached to that soft face, and very pale blonde hair. He was the polar opposite of the kind of man you'd find walking around in my mining town and that observation alone intrigued me. I wasn't a romantic at heart, but something about