Youcan never really tell what a day will bring you. My Elements- Nekkid Hobbit, box of nails, hay bale. You Never Know By MysteriousWays Some days start out badly and stay bad. If you wake up in the morning with a raging fever from an infected paper cut it is likely going to be a bad rest of the day. Some days start out badly but then turn out well by the end. Say you wake up and find that you have nothing to have for your first breakfast so you are forced to go slogging through a cold rain to the local bake shop to get a bun and some coffee. Once you get there you run across a most pleasant surprise. The attractive niece or nephew of the baker is visiting. This attractive person is single. You are single. The two of you converse and by the end of the day you are madly in love and ready to be married. Then of course there are days that start out well, with the requisite amount of sunshine and daisies there to greet you. These too come in two varieties. One the day continues on to be as charming as it started. However the others start out lovely but then can sour within minutes of you opening your eyes. Sunshine and daisies are good. Then a few minutes later the aroma of your aunt's stewed prunes wafting into your room to announces the breakfast menu. Suddenly the day is looking dreadful. When you open your eyes at the start of a new day it is impossible to know what you will get from that day, and sometimes that is frightening, ...as Frodo came to learn. Roosters were crowing. The sun was shining enthusiastically. The birds were singing a chorus just outside Frodo's open window. These were the things that greeted Frodo as he slowly drifted up into consciousness. He smiled slowly in a self-satisfied way. A hobbit could easily come to think that such pleasures were all for him. Yes in deed it was good to be a hobbit of thirty-one years of age on such a glorious summer's day. Frodo lay in bed letting his extremities take their time in coming to life. He had nothing and no one demanding his attention so there was no point in rushing out from beneath fine linen sheets and coverlet. Frodo loved it when he could start his days so luxuriously slow. However, hobbit stomachs, especially those of tween-aged lads are limited in patience. Frodo's started to rumble more and more incessantly with each passing moment. At last Frodo could ignore the need for sustenance any longer and so he was compelled to at last get out of his goose down bed. Standing up made Frodo aware of other bodily needs as well. A brief pause, to use the facilities and to dress, was made. It isn't polite to sit at the breakfast table in one's night shirt. In the kitchen Frodo decided to make himself some fried bread that he treated to a generous shmear of creamy soft farm cheese, then embellished with some thin sliced apples, pecans and a generous drizzle of honey. To make this true breakfast perfection a hobbit needed only to add tea or coffee. Frodo chose tea. Delicious. WhenFrodo settled to the table, to partake this modest feast, he noticed that there was a not on the table addressed to himself, in Bilbo's own jaunty handwriting. It read... Dear Frodo, Good morning to you. I trust you slept well. I am off on a bit of a lone ramble. I will likely be gone for most of the day. All the better for writing my book, you know. I wanted to remind you that it is your turn to do the marketing. You had better take the tall, wheeled, market basket as there is quite a lot that we are in need of. I should be home in time for dinner. I have a mind for some trout, do you think you could do a bit of fishing today as well? If not that is all right, I am sure I will be happy with anything that you come up with for our evening meal. As Ever, Bilbo Frodo smiled and tucked into his breakfast. A day of marketing would be all right. He could treat himself to luncheon at The Green Dragon and exchange pleasantries with Ivy, Proprietor Tillek's oldest daughter. Then spend the afternoon read at The Water's edge while catching dinner for Bilbo and himself. Yes, today was shaping into a fine day. It was the sun that first greeted Frodo when he stepped out his front door, wheeled market basket in tow. It almost seemed to be beckoning him to come out and enjoy the day. Frodo was all too willing to accept the sun's invitation. He set with the plan to look for his friend, Sam, first. Frodo had only gone a few steps when he heard to his left, the sound of gardening shears busily working away. Frodo looked and could just see the top of Sam's curly haired head rising above the shrub that was between them. "Ho, Sam!" The sound of working shears came to a sudden stop. "Master Frodo!" called Sam in a tone of one surprised. Frodo started to walk around the bush to greet his friend and Sam came out from behind it to do likewise. "Good morning to you, Master Frodo. Your looking well today." Frodo did not reply immediately, for at that moment all his ability to communicate seemed to have taken leave of him. Frodo just stood there, staring at Sam, in complete shock. Sam was completely naked! Frodo blinked several times in an effort to correct the image before him. But no matter how many times he closed his eyes when he opened them, there was Sam, still standing there, with his usual friendly smile and a total lack of attire of any kind. "Er...um... well thank you, Sam. You are..." for the first time since Frodo was eighteen, his voice cracked, "... You are...um... looking well yourself." Sam's smile turned to a frown of concern, "If you don't mind my saying, but I think I spoke too soon. You suddenly don't look to be quite yourself. Are you feeling okay?" Frodo did his best to force something resembling a smile on his face. "I'm fine Sam. I um... I lost my train of thought for a moment there, is all. And shadows! Shadows do odd things to one's appearance. Don't they? I once thought Bilbo looked like an ogre when he had firelight and shadow playing across his face..." Frodo found he had gone from being unable to speak to being unable to stop babbling. Sam seemed to take it well enough though. He agreed that shadows can do odd things to one's appearance and seemed to readily accept Frodo's insistence of being well. Frodo babbled and tried very hard to not look anywhere but at Sam's face. This was quite hard to do. Frodo had only seen Sam naked one other time in their lives. Then Sam had been a toddler of two years of age who had run away from his mother who was trying to get him into the bath. Sam was now nineteen. By the time a hobbit is nineteen they have grown into their adult shape with the exception of maybe a few inches in height and some weight gained once they have stopped growing. At this time in a young hobbit's life they set aside most of the trappings of childhood and settle in to learning what it is to be a responsible adult. A young hobbit adult will not be considered a Master of all things required to care for family and home until they are at least thirty years of age which is why coming of age isn't until a hobbit is thirty-three. Besides, there is something about the age of thirty-three that has a nice, well rounded finished sound to it, don't you think? Anyhoo, back to Sam and Frodo. At the age of nineteen Sam was solidly built. He had started helping his father in keeping the gardens at Bag End, when no older than the age of five. Years of steadily increasing heavy labor had given Sam plenty of good solid muscles. Years of Bell Gamgee's good cooking had given Sam a nice bit of padding over those muscles so that he was not too lean. At that moment, standing before Frodo, hiding nothing, Sam had all of the solid appearance of an oak tree. In the midst of Frodo's shock he did happen to notice this and even felt a twinge of envy. Frodo himself seemed to have inherited some of the Took families tendencies towards leanness in muscle, but still at the same time seemed to have a bit more softness about him than Sam did. Later Frodo in a moment of brutal honesty with himself would admit that he was perhaps overly pampered and soft. Perhaps, he would think, he ought to spend more time rambling about as he used to and a little less time reading, and balance his own softness with a bit more solid strength. A hobbit ought to have good sturdy legs to support a properly rounded belly and strong arms to do a solid day's work and a solid day's eating. As Frodo stood there babbling and trying not to stare Sam shifted so that one foot was a bit forward and his weight resting on the one behind. One hand went to rest on his hip while the other held the garden shears, the bright, shining and sharp, garden shears. Frodo started! The shears that Frodo knew Sam took very good care of, keeping them sharp and well oiled, were dangerously close to some of Sam's important and delicate anatomy. Frodo closed his eyes and turned his head away. "Oh my, look at the time! I really must be going, I've marketing to do, you know. I would ask you to join me but you it looks like your quite busy already. Bye Sam." Frodo rushed almost rudely away. Frodo was nearly running when he went through the front gate but once he was well down the lane he slowed down... to a lot. Usually Frodo stepped along lively when he was off to do the marketing but after the shock he had just received he felt the need to take his time and try to figure out a rational explanation for Sam going about his gardening chores without a stitch of clothing. And how was Sam, a hobbit known for his great sense of propriety, able to go about unclad with apparently no shame being felt. In the end Frodo decided that Sam must be ill with some strange fever and would soon be discovered, in his state of undressed, by The Gaffer and taken home and put to bed. "That has to be it," said Frodo to himself. "Sam is ill and likely being put to bed this very minute. I will stop by and see him on the way home. I can find out then if there is something I might bring him to make him feel better, like a book." With the entire matter settled to satisfaction in his mind, Frodo's steps started to quicken. If he was going to fish for his dinner and take time to visit Sam's sick bed, he would need to get the shopping done quickly. It would have to be a quick lunch at the Green Dragon. Frodo had not gone far when he heard the sound of children's laughter. He looked out across the pasture he was walking by and saw what appeared to be a group of five children playing a game of chase. Frodo smiled at the picture until he realized that all five children were