Myassignment... The sentence to include: "You want any help just say so." Four things to include: An inn, a deer, a casket of jewels, a thunderstorm Character to include: Sam The sentence this time can be anywhere in the story, it doesn't have to be first. A Bad Day Gone Good "Nibs! What do you think your doing?" cried Sam in obvious distress. "I'm helping, what does it look like?" Nibs calmly replied. "It looks like your pulling out all Mr Frodo's flowers is what it looks like." Nibs looked down at the mangled blossom in his hand. "These scrawny little things? These be nothing but clover. Ma has me pulling me out of her vegetable garden all the time." "Yes, well your mum's weeds also be Mr. Frodo's flowers. He happens to like them and feels that a bed of them looks nice." Nibs looked at Sam with an expression that spoke volumes about what he thought of Sam and his master's idea of an attractive garden and not any of it was polite so he spoke not a word.. He just knelt back down and started replanting the 'flowers'. Nibs Cotton was a nice boy. Many folk about Hobbiton and Bywater could agree on that fact. In fact if you should ask anyone who knew Nibs what they thought of the young lad they would likely say something along the lines of 'Aye, I know young Nibs. He's a nice lad. He means well.' It is that 'means well' that is the most distinctive mar on Nibs otherwise good character. Nibs is the youngest child of Tom and Lily Cotton. When he was born he was named Carl but his father who had a habit of bestowing nick names on his children as soon as possible had taken to calling his youngest son 'Nibs' on account that he was the smallest baby Lily had given birth too. "Why Lily, my love, this lad is so small as to be nothing more than a nib." So the nickname was bestowed and perhaps sadly it stuck. The funny thing with Nicknames is that often they can greatly influence the way the bearer of the name behaves and thinks. Nibs older brother, Wilcome, was a happy baby, almost from birth he was smiling, so ol' Tom quickly took to calling that son by the name of 'Jolly'. The lad took great delight in the moniker and did his level best to live up to it by being cheerful as often as he could. Nibs didn't feel quite as fond of his nickname. When he was still not more than a faunt he decided that he no longer cared for being thought of as small and wanted to be known for something a bit more positive. He gave it careful consideration and observed what was praised and admired in those around him. His oldest brother, Young Tom, was thought well of because he was a hard worker. Nibs asked his mother and father if there were any chores that he might be able to do. He was quickly given the task of feeding the chickens and the barn cats and helping to harvest the vegetable garden when things were ripe. Nibs' sister Rosie was praised for being pretty and thoughtful of others. Nibs didn't know that he could do much for being pretty but he noticed that Rosie always kept her hair neat, washed her face and hands as often and kept her clothes clean. Nibs did his best to following Rosie's example but the truth was dirt really didn't bother him all that much so he had a difficult time remembering to wash it off. And as for his hair, well he couldn't see it so it was hard to know if it needed combing. Being thoughtful like Rosie seemed like it ought to be fairly easy, and it was when Nibs first set out on his campaign to improve his image. Volunteering to fetch hammers for his da or scissors for his mum was not at all difficult he even got so that sometimes he could anticipate what a person wanted but not often. Jolly was, as has been said, jolly. Nibs found this to be particularly difficult as there was quite a bit in his young life that he found frustrating. And though his efforts to make himself better thought of were earning him some of the praise he wished for but he was still thought too much of being nothing more than being but a nib of a hobbit. That sort of thing did nothing to brighten his disposition. Nibs started to suspect that folks older than him were not all that bright. Nibs decided that if he couldn't always be cheerful then he could strive to be patient at least. Nick, or Bowman as he was called on formal occasions or when he was in trouble for something, got his nickname by being born the day before First Yule or just 'in the nick of time'. Nick was mostly known for being particularly enthusiastic of the Yule holiday, and spent much of his time the rest of the year looking out for things that made him think of it. There wasn't much of Nick that Nibs felt he could emulate to distinction but Nibs didn't care. What really mattered to him was that Nick wasn't that much older so he was happy to have Nibs as a playmate and that made Nibs feel less like a nib. There was one thing Nibs didn't understand and that was that a good deal of the reason why he was seen as being small was that for a hobbit he was on the slim side which was unusual for his family who tended to be robust and sturdy. This isn't to say that Nibs was weak. He was a strong lad. And he seemed possessed of a near boundless energy. His lean build could run faster and farther than many. He could keep up with all of his efforts to be the very best of hobbits and still have more than enough energy for more normal activities of a young lad that were frequently considered punishment earning mischief. To maintain such energy a hobbit has to eat quite a bit and Nibs could often eat more than his oldest brother Tom. When a hobbit eats such large quantities and still remains lean folks are going to take notice. This particular excentricity of Nibs' reinforced the correctness of his nickname in the minds of others. But Nibs didn't really understand that for a long time and by the time he did his habits taken on to be more like his siblings had long since become personal traits of his own. Now that you know a bit more of Nibs we can go back to where this tale started. On the day that Nibs decided to help Sam Gamgee with "weeding" the garden of Bag End our young friend was finding it particularly difficult to be all that he wanted to be. That morning he had been working on cleaning out the cow byre when he slipped in some cow dung and fell hitting his head heard on the stone floor of the barn and was knocked unconscious for several minutes. He only awakened when Young Tom came in and found Nibs lying on the floor looking for all the world as though he were taking a nap though in a somewhat odd place. Young Tom quickly fetched a bucket of water from the rain barrel and threw the water on Nibs. Nibs started and spluttered and was greeted with his brother scolding him. "Wake up you lazy louse and get moving quick like or you'll be doing Jolly's chores as well as your own." Nibs was crestfallen. The situation was not his fault but he knew that if he told the truth to Young Tom the tale would not be believed. Nibs did the only thing he could he worked as hard and fast as he could to get his chores done quicker than usual and hoped that his brother would think better of him for it. Later that same morning when it was time for second breakfast Nibs wasted no time in washing up and going into the house for the meal. Once inside he took a moment to look about and see what he might be able to do to get the meal on the table. Second breakfast was the larger of the two breakfasts of the day in the Cotton house as well as most farming homes. The first was generally a bit of bread and cheese with coffee or tea to drink to stave off the hunger pangs of the hobbit who was needed outside to milk the cows and other such chores that needed done first thing in the morning. Second breakfast was a large meal that the whole family would set down to the table for and take their time over having earned it with a couple of hours of hard work already under their belts. On this particular morning Nibs came into the house to find that the plates and eating utensils still needed laid out on the table. Without a word to anyone Nibs went to the cupboard where such things were stored and gathered up a stack of plates and bowls and started to carry them to the table, feeling good that he didn't need to be told to tend to what obviously needed to be done. Misfortune was to befall our friend again. The family house cat happened to decide that it was the perfect moment to show some affection for the youngest member of the Cotton family and she sauntered up to him, unnoticed by Nibs to rub up against the hobbit's legs. This show of affection tripped Nibs up. He managed to keep his footing but not the dishes he carried. They fell to the floor where many of them shattered. "Nibs Cotton, it is too much to ask for you to be careful when carrying the dishes?" Scolded his mother. "But Mum, the cat..." "No 'buts' you need to learn to be more careful. Now step lively and get this mess cleaned up and be sure you get every little shard. I don't want to find you missed one by stepping on it and cutting my own foot open." Nibs hung his head and sighed heavily, "Yes, Mum." After breakfast Nibs was sent to town to take care of a few errends for his mother. One of them being to Halfred Potter's to order replacements of the dishes he had broken that morning. Normally Nibs enjoyed doing little errends for his mother but for this one he had been forced to take pocket money he had been saving for the Lithe Fair to pay for the dishes he had broken. That meant there would be far fewer sweets for him to stuff himself on at this year's fair and he had been hoping to maybe buy a new dagger from the dwarf that came every year to sell knives and such things as a hobbit would use. After tending to all that his mother had send him out to do Nibs decided that a visit to Beg End to see Sam would be just the thing to cheer him up. Sam was always seemed happy to see Nibs and showed him considerable kindness and understanding. Likely because Sam was the youngest son in his family as well. Sam understood that for some reason the youngest sons always had a difficult time of measuring up. Sadly, as we have read before, Nibs visit with Sam didn't go all that much better than anything else that morning. After replanting Mr. Frodo's 'flowers' to Sam's satisfaction Nibs decided to leave before he could cause anymore damage. Upon leaving Bag End, Nibs let his feet lead him where they would. At one