A/n: I know, I know, there's another story I'm supposed to be updating. But I have hit quite a brick wall and decided to post this while I'm working through it. I wanted to examine a slightly different side to Annie and Finnick and their story. I'm not quite sure how I feel about it yet, but it was fun to write despite! Hope you like :) The first time I see her, she's got a stony smile and empty eyes. Her family cries when she walks onto stage. She laughs in my face when I ask her if she's okay. The sound is erratic, false, and just a little bit broken. But the way her eyes dig into me make it certain that I'm not supposed to mention that at all. She resists my training, resists my advice, claims this is what she wanted and she knows what she's going to do. She is bothered by my presence and this only makes me crave hers more. The closer I get to her the further she leans back. By the third night I am thirsting for her. But not for her body, but for her mind, her heart, for her understanding. This knowledge terrifies me because I don't know how to be on the other side. I don't know how to be the one who gets sent away. I don't want to be. She stands beside me and stares blankly forward, without quivering, and I want to know where the strength comes from. She effortlessly and wordlessly slides from my grasp when I stroke a hand down her back, not knowing or caring that most women give annual salaries for that touch, for that attention. I ask her about herself and she tells me she's an escape artist. I ask her about her childhood and she tells me she didn't have one. It isn't until that night that it occurs to me that maybe she wasn't dismissing me with those answers. Maybe that is the truth. My escape artist won't be my anything. I call her my tribute and she shrugs my arm off her shoulders. " I'm the Capitol's tribute," she tells me coldly, and even though it's true I can't help but wonder why she'd choose them over me. Mags forms a relationship with her that I envy. They laugh together and confide in each other and I watch them with an aching heart. I watch her walk off to bed, her hair swinging behind her, and for a moment I think to myself: is this what my lovers feel like when I walk away from them? I slip into her room the night before training starts and find her crying in the middle of the bed. I wait for her anger, her repulsion, but she doesn't yell at me. She extends one small hand out across the sheets, and just like that, I am certain someone has dug a fishing hook into my heart. And they pull and pull and it hurts and hurts. I sit on the edge and extend my hand, too. I grasp hers tightly. I want to hold it, just hold it, but then she's pulling it away again. "Why do you do that?" I ask her, because I have to know. I wait for her to ask me what I'm referring to, but she doesn't. She keeps her wide green eyes on me, and I get this feeling that she is pulling me apart. She hugs her legs to her chest, her breaths shaky and her small nose red from crying. "You remind me of me." She tells me, her voice thick. "And I don't want to be like you in the arena. I don't want to like you at all." The words hurt so badly I want to hit her suddenly. I think she sees the urge in my eyes. But after a moment of looking at the red blotches across her cheek, I understand that I never could, never would. "I don't like myself either." I tell her instead. She turns her face from me. "Good." I'm in my room, dressing for the day, when she cracks the door open and slips in. She's still in a nightgown, her hair tangled and her face pink from sleeping, and something tugs me near her. I rise to my feet and she stands at the door, her hands gripping the bottom of her nightgown nervously. "I don't think I can do it." She says, and I think to myself that it's the most vulnerable thing I've heard her say to me. I know she's thinking of the arena, of digging knives into the flesh of other children. "No one can do it." I respond. I run a hand through my hair, feeling inexplicably sad. "And yet they do." She takes a step towards me, her eyes curious for the first time since I've met her. "Do you feel bad about it? Killing those children?" The words come with no hesitation. "No." Her face shows no shock. "They were going to kill me." I explain. "I'm sorry to have been in a situation where I had to. But I'm not sorry that I did." She stares at me, her eyes growing hard. "You're a liar." I want to tell her that she is right just as she is wrong. I am not haunted by the deaths I've caused. I am haunted by the life that I now live because of it. I am sorry that I did only because I wish I would have died. When she takes another step closer, I find the strength to say this, even though I don't know why. "I wish it was me who died." Her eyes drift shut momentarily, like she's just experienced a wave of pain. When they flicker back open, she looks unbelievably old. "That's what I was afraid of." I slip back into the Training Center at three AM, freshly showered and visibly shaken. No one was supposed to be awake, but then again, I wasn't supposed to be living like this either. She's got those curious eyes on again and I want to run from her. I want to run from her this time and see if she would chase me. I stand in the doorway and she doesn't move from her seat on the couch and we just stare at each other for a moment. "Do you fuck them or make love to them?" The word is shocking as it comes out from between her soft lips. I am still no closer to understanding this girl, but I want to. I'm shaken from my clients and deeply ashamed, and yet I want to pull her as close as she can get and whisper questions into her ear until she answers me. I want her to give me secrets like all the rest do, their hair damp and eyes dewy. But I want her to give them to me because she wants to. "What do you think?" I finally answer. She toys with the bottom of her pony tail, her eyes on me. The only light in the room comes from the bright Capitol city lights shining in from the window. They leave long shadows on her face. "I think you make hate." She finally says. I have no idea what she's talking about. I escape to take a shower almost immediately. But the next time I'm with someone, I fall against their sweat soaked blankets, filled to the brim with a self-hatred that makes me want to rip the sheets apart with my bare hands and hang myself with the strips from the golden ceiling fan, and it hits me. Oh. She seeks me out in my room again. I am sitting on the edge of the bed, unbelievably tired. There is no exhaustion like the exhaustion you feel when you are so trapped you don't even have the freedom to die. I am surprised when she sits down beside me on the bed, so close that her thigh presses against mine. "You're a different person when you're in public." She acknowledges. "Everyone is." "No. Other people show different parts of themselves at different levels depending on who they're with. You change completely." I turn slightly to my left so I'm facing her more. This time, she leans closer. "Who are you, Annie?" I ask her, pleading in my tone to understand. "Are you sweet like you are with Mags? Are you gentle like you were during your interviews? Are you ruthless like you act around me? Are you scared? Do you cry at night? What will you miss the most about life?" I expect her to move away, but she doesn't. She leans closer to me. She sets her hands on my thighs. It makes me feel warm. "I like apples in my oatmeal." She finally tells me. I glance down at her hands on my legs and then back at her face. "I wish you'd let me know you." I say. She raises one eyebrow. "Why?" She challenges. I panic when I realize I can't answer that. The night before the morning she's to head into the arena, she falls into my bed. The smell of apples warms my nose and then she's setting a hand on my shoulder. I sit up in the bed, fumble with the lamp on the beside table for a moment, and then look at her. She's in a lavender bathrobe, her hair wet from a recent shower. "Are you okay?" I ask her. Her eyes are softer than I've ever seen. I think to myself that it just looks right, and then she's leaning into me, her arms wrapping around my middle. "Stop asking me that." She demands. Her lips press to my neck and I stop functioning. I freeze and pull back from her moments later, confused. She looks so small. She's sitting with her legs folded underneath her, her wet hair darkening the fabric of the bathrobe. Her eyes are wide and vulnerable and her robe has slipped open a bit, revealing a good amount of her chest. I want to tell her she's beautiful, and it's then that I understand that that's the word I've been trying to pin to her all along. Annie Cresta is beautiful. It's as simple and as complex as that. "Do you only know how to make hate, Finnick?" She asks me, and it's the first time she refers to me by my name. Her voice sounds so young, so timid, and yet there's a confidence and determination in her eyes. For a woman of eighteen, she is both ancient and childlike simultaneously. I almost tell her the truth. That I could never imagine touching her the ways I touch the women and men I sleep with. That I could never hold her while hating anything at all, because I would be afraid that hatred would sink into her. She doesn't seem bothered that I don't answer. She leans forward again and presses her forehead against my shoulder. I lift my hand automatically and rest it on the back of her head. "Give me something good while there's still something good to get." She says. I should feel angry and used at these words, but I can't register anything but a deep and hidden longing. I lower my hand from her hair and trace her spine instead. "Why should I?" I ask. She runs her nose along my neck, slides a hand up the back of my shirt. "Because you want to. Because you should have what you want. Because I should have what I want, too." She murmurs. Something about those words gets to me, emotionally and physically and mentally. The evidence of the truth of that statement is evident in everything that I am in that moment. I hold her to me and try to ignore the tugging of that hook in my