A/n: This is Finnick and Annie's story from Finnick's POV starting with Annie's reaping and ending (sadly and abruptly, all thanks to Suzanne Collins) during Mockingjay. It's a companion to my story Where Soul Meets Body but can be read with or without having read that story. To WSMB readers: these updates won't be as frequent as WSMB was, but I will do my best! I hope you enjoy, let me know if you do! The sun rises and sets, the tide rises and falls, and I am selfish. Bright gold nails dig into my forearm, clinging like beads of sweat on hot skin, and they all want to know the same thing: What are you like when you're alone, Finnick? Who are you when no one is watching? What do you sleep in? What do you wish for when you catch sight of a shooting star? It's easy to answer, too damn easy, because telling the truth is never an option. I can't even tell the truth to myself. So I trace a finger down their neck, breathe against their skin, and give them beautiful lies that are almost as attractive as me. Lies such as: I am thoughtful and poetic alone, I sleep naked because I like to feel free, when I see a shooting star I wish to see you (insert name I will forget in the morning) again, again, and again. And they absorb these lies, gasping with pleasure, sparkling with delight, bodies and hearts alight with a joy that I am giving them. Joy that robs me of my own with each passing second, each moment. Sometimes I stare at them, curled up on their sides or sprawled out on their stomachs, their backs rising and falling steadily as they sleep, and I want to ask: do you steal often? They steal from me, stole from me, will keep stealing from me. I know this, but I just can't admit what it is that they continue to steal. And there's really no place to start this story, no beginning to the sadness inside of me, no shift in my nature. This is something that would be hard to believe if I ever admitted it to anyone at all, but I was sad before the Reaping. It doesn't start there and it doesn't end there. It starts inside of me, in my mind, where I've never quite felt like I should feel. I could always see the error in my behaviors, my words, my attitudes, but I couldn't stop doing them. I felt like a mindless robot sometimes, a slave to a sadness inside of me that stemmed from a deep seated belief that life was pointless. Boys of ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen shouldn't think things like that, but I did for as long as I remember. Maybe because I had nothing to fight for, nothing to believe in. Maybe because I didn't even believe in myself. Maybe because, deep down, I knew where I was headed before I turned eighteen. I knew I would end up in that arena one way or another, which is why I decided to volunteer when I turned sixteen. If you're going down, at least go down the way you like, right? Of course, my mother didn't agree with this. I told her when I was young that I was going to volunteer one day, and she was furious. Things were hard for her anyway, because I was an asshole of a child, an insolent boy with no steering influence, no bright light at the end of any dark spot. With a father who died before I was born and a mother busy all of the time, I grew up starved for attention, which was easy to find when I acted cocky and ignorant. But she loved me, she loved me, she did. In her own way, whenever she could, however she could. And I loved her. But maybe not enough. Maybe not as much as I should have, could have. Maybe too late. Things break and they broke when my plans didn't really go according to plan at all. They called my name at age fourteen, and that was two years too soon, two years too quick. I had never kissed a girl, never taken the boat out all by myself. But that's really all I was thinking about: myself. The things I didn't get to do, the things I might never get to do. When my mother sobbed into my shoulder, I was angry with her, disgusted by her weakness, frustrated by my own inability to admit to myself that I was scared and sad, too. I pushed her away and thought to myself: there is no time for weakness, there is no time for this. No time for her tears. No time for her shaky love, her uncertain conditionality. That day, when I pushed her away from me, it broke her heart. But I broke much more. The worst breaking comes later. And it was easy after I met my fellow tributes. Easy as swimming, as breathing, as lying. They were dying and I was living. That was the new plan. I ignored the fact that, really, maybe I was dying and they were living in a convoluted way. In a relative way. In a way that I couldn't allow myself to think. The memories of my Games are not for me, for you, for anyone. They are dark, they are disgusting, and they are terrible. I won't give them to you, I won't give them to anyone ever again, because no one deserves them. No one deserves to have to see what I saw, hear what I did, feel what I felt. So, instead, let me tell you the five things I learned, the five things that changed because of these Games: One: I went from believing that there was a flaw in me that made me unable to love anyone more than I loved myself to believing that real love didn't exist at all. In any form. In any place, in any time. It was a hand-wrapped lie delivered to children and pretty people. Two: I learned that the sacrifices you make to live aren't even worth the life you're fighting for in the first place. Three: I found that what you think you left behind will look very different when you come back to it. Four: Darkness became a gift because sometimes you don't want to know what's hiding in the corner. Five: I realized, for the first time, that control does not exist anywhere. It's a luxury no man has, unless that man is President Snow. To know the man I am when I am alone, you don't need to know what I saw during my Games, or how each person screamed when I dug my trident into their flesh. What you need to know is that sometimes I can't remember my Games at all and sometimes I can't stop remembering them. Sometimes I'm more frightened by the fact that I can't remember them. Sometimes I think I should have killed myself, too. Always I believe that uttering words about the month I spent in the arena is a cruel act, a vile act. A malicious act against the innocent around me. And if I won't speak them to anyone, I especially will not speak them to you, have not ever spoken them to you, will not ever speak them to you. This is not about the Games. This is about a love so powerful that it's a rebirth. And because of this, I am starting where I want to, where I feel is the only logical place the start, the only place that I think was a true starting point to something about me (the only thing real about me): the first time I saw her. Oh, but you already know who she is, don't you? The sad thing is that I didn't then. Maybe if I had from the start, my life would have been a lot different. Maybe if I had, this wouldn't have started as a story about a selfish boy who turned into a numb and selfish man. But that's where I began, and I'm still happy to say that it isn't where I ended up, and that's a direct consequence of a day one summer that ruined many lives and ended up completing two in a convoluted way, a Capitol-way, a melancholically beautiful way. I saw a girl one summer and thought she was ordinary, and the rest of my life was spent marveling at the fact that I could have ever been so wrong. Reaping Day of the Seventieth Annual Hunger Games I'm fucking sick of my prep team and the Capitol, sick of Snow, sick of everything. That's all I can really think and luckily for me, no one gives a damn and it doesn't matter. My prep team showed up at my front door at four in the morning, jars of skin cream and curling irons in hand, and demanded to begin the day's preparations. After a coffee-less and breakfast-less morning spent sitting in a chair getting my pores and hair follicles abused, the last thing I'm in the mood for is the reaping. But I'm here on stage, in this chair, staring out at nervous faces, because here's some news they won't give to just anyone: Finnick Odair is a slave. The last time I did something just because I wanted to do it was two years ago, when I took Mags sailing for her birthday. The last time I laughed at a joke because I genuinely thought it was funny, and not because I had to, was at least six months ago. The last time I kissed someone because I liked them, because I wanted to, is nonexistent. I do what I do and say what I say and wear what I wear because I have to. I am not Finnick Odair. Finnick Odair is the Capitol. I don't really exist anymore. You wouldn't think that were true, though, by looking from the outside. People are more than aware of my presence. I can feel all the cameras on me, even though there are two potential tributes out there in the crowd that the camera could be panning for. It would rather stay trained on me, though, because there are women with sharp nails and sticky palms in the Capitol who pay to have it that way, their way. Who pay to have me their way, too. Life is darkness, a maze of shadowy corners and heavy hearts. The last time I remember being truly happy was when I was seven. The last time I could think back on memories and feel warmth instead of coldness was before my Games, before my abuse in the Capitol, before having to send children to their deaths. But if my life is darkness, it's mercy, because as I learned a long time ago: it's better to not see what's lurking in the shadows for you. I'm thinking about those veiled corners, and the strange perfume the snakes hiding there spray on their satin pillowcases, the entire time the opening video is playing. Maybe no one will notice that I'm not noticing anyone or anything. But that's hardly ever the case. When you are chained in the limelight, you can't even escape into your own mind without people sending a search team in for you. I reach over and take Mags' wrinkled and cold hand as Annora Bellamy, District 4's escort, makes her way on stage. She's even more obnoxious this year, with bright green fluorescent skin designs added to the neon yellow and pink ones she had last year. Her usual style of frilly cupcake skirts remains, but this year she's wearing a leather top that clings to her skin, with a slit traveling down the middle all the way to her navel. She catches