A/n: This is an alternate ending to my story Where Soul Meets Body. I don't guess you have to have read the other to read this one, but I think the experience would definitely be better if you had :) To those WSMB readers- sorry this took so long! I had a lot of trouble doing it, because I was so attached to the ending of WSMB. It's "canon" in my mind. But here's your happily ever after! It's from Finnick's POV, because that was the only way I could get myself to do it. I felt too much like Annie's POV reached a conclusion and it was impossible for me to retreat back to that. The first thing I feel is pain, and I immediately think to myself: of course . Of course death is pain. Life is pain, death is pain; why would one side of the glass be any different? I'd be a liar if I said the degree of pain wasn't surprising, though. I realize by a sharp, metallic taste in my mouth that I've been unknowingly biting down on my lip because of it. I am cloaked in darkness, unable to lift my eyelids for reasons unknown, and I'm unsure for a moment what I could have done to deserve the pain I'm feeling. But then I remember. Not their names, but the strange patterned skin, the multi-colored shower tiles, the teeth sinking into my collarbone. I have done many things to deserve this. My heart is heavy with that thought, again, like it always is when I begin thinking of that. But I let myself, because I'm dead, and I can't let myself think of the one thing I need to think of most. I can't, because then I have to think about what I have done to her, what I always knew I would end up doing to her. And how she didn't deserve it. And how she deserved so much better than me. Opening my eyes is difficult until it's not. And then they are rising, and the muscles around my eyes are screaming in protest at the bright lights swimming above me. I take in the whiteness, white as conch shells, white as the fragile insides of her wrists in the winter. But there are no tiny blue rivers. No tiny blue rivers with the comforting beat of a drum that sounds like home. Just brightness everywhere. But after a few moments of blinking rapidly, I begin to notice shapes and they begin to notice me. A warm hand rests on my forearm. Others hover over me. And then, with a shuttering breath, I feel like my entire brain has been soaked with some clarifying agent. Suddenly it is all clear: the doctors hovering over and around me, the bright lights of the hospital room, the machines hooked to my body, the blood-soaked bandages all over my arms. Once I have realized this, and noted the strange truth to myself, I'm trying to sit up. This sudden action makes the tubes attached to my body pull dangerously, and I fall back onto the pillows immediately, briefly intimidated by the idea of how much it would hurt to rip them out. I try to speak, but it feels like sandpaper is rubbing down the inside of my throat. And people won't back off, they won't leave me alone. I have a sudden thought, my eyes wide and panic filling me: is this what she felt like, all those years ago? Chained to the bed, surrounded by doctors, unable or unwilling to speak? I go limp for a few moments, closing my eyes and swallowing to try and ease the pain in my throat, but it doesn't seem to help. Nothing seems to help until they're moving the machines back and giving the tubes more space. And then I sit up again, ignoring the screaming pain that spurts up all over my body as I do. I allow them to force some water down my throat and almost cry in relief when the pain subsides a bit. And then, and only then, am I able to voice the most important concern now that I know I'm not dead. "Where is she?" I don't have to clarify. I stare at them, their heads oddly haloed by the bright lights behind them, and then they glance at each other hesitantly. This causes a shudder of pain to fill me as the worst case scenario hits me. I shake and tense up, gripping the railing of the bed, my eyes burning. No, that can't be it, because she promised me. But I promised her too, didn't I? She could have lied for me like I lie for her. But no, not my girl. Not her. I know when she lies, I can always see it. That wasn't a lie. She couldn't do that to me. She wouldn't. I am the most selfish man who ever lived for even thinking this, but I can't help it. When I begin to cry, a female nurse is quick to comfort me. She pats my arm and doesn't even seem that offended when I violently jerk out of her grasp, the pain inside of me heavier than ever, my chest heaving, the scratches and slices on my face burning from the salt of my tears. "She's fine, Finnick. She's okay." She says quickly, and only at those words am I able to calm down. I don't care about what happened or how I ended up here. I don't care about the extent of my injuries. All I care about is getting back to her, because I didn't break this promise after all. I really meant it when I said I would be with her always. But maybe she didn't mean it when she said she would be with me always. I try not to let the dark voice in my head, the man who started talking the first time I kissed someone I didn't love and hasn't shut up since then, say these things, but I can't stop it. Why isn't she here with me? I need her. I am selfish and I need her. She knows that, right? I'm left alone before I get the strength to ask this question. I drift in and out of consciousness, probably due to the substances running through one of the many IVs, and in my dream Mags holds my hand and tells me I'm almost home. I wake up wishing she meant I was dying, only to find that I am far from it. I listen to my doctor explain my injuries and the state I was in when I showed up here. He says I wandered in on my own, blood smearing along the white tiles of the emergency room as I walked, one hand holding in my intestines and the other applying pressure to the giant gash across my neck. As he says this, I lift my hand and rest it over my throat and feel the stitches, suddenly understanding why talking is so painful. I become gripped with a fear of her seeing me like this, and it makes me miss a bit of what he's telling me. I catch a few phrases like: mangled right leg, ruptured ear drum, four broken ribs, fractured pelvis. He doesn't have to keep going. I understand from the pain I'm in that it's bad. But no matter how I try, no matter how often a head doctor speaks with me, I can't remember what happened to me. I can't remember how I got to District 1's hospital. I can't remember anything but her hesitant smile the first time she kissed me. The cracks are filled slowly, day by day. I begin to remember the mutts in my dreams. I begin to remember pieces of my painful journey up the sewers and back here. I learn that Katniss, Peeta, Beetee, and Johanna are still alive. And her. She's alive, too, but I can't get anyone to tell me how she's doing. I try to call her many times. I grip the phone in my shaking hands, groaning in pain as I twist my torso a bit to reach the buttons with my other hand, but I can't do it. I can't do it because my neck is ripped. It is being held together by stitches. I'm terrified of what this sight would do to her, my wife who witnessed her friend beheaded, who had to sew together a girl's leg, who cried once when she accidentally stepped on a butterfly and broke its wing. Who had to grip me close to her every single night before the Quell, her small body shaking, because she was so afraid that my head would be gone like her district partner's. No, I can't let her see this. And I know that if I called her, she would be here, somehow. She would find a way to be here. Just as I would find a way to be there, too, if the situations were reversed. The first call I successfully make is to Johanna. She doesn't answer the first time, or the second, or the third. She finally picks up the phone in her hospital room in 13 the sixth time I ring, and she is quiet for a long time after I say hello. "I've been spending too much time with Crazy, I swear to God. If I've gone mad I'm going to be so pissed." She whispers, after a solid two minutes of silence. I feel a brief flash of anger and worry. Anger at her calling my wife that, worry that she hasn't been good to her. But my common sense breaks in after that. This is Jo. Jo is nothing but good to those she cares about, even if it's in her own way. I try to consolidate my sentences, so I can use the least amount of words as possible. Talking still hurts. I still haven't been able to eat solid foods, either. And even if there was a reason, I don't think I could laugh. My stomach drops a bit when I think about her laugh. I think I would give anything to hear that again. I think I would volunteer to stay chained to this bed forever, even if only to hear it one more time. I feel so alone, so far from her suddenly, and my chest is aching and my eyes burning and I almost ask Johanna to put her on. I blink and swallow back my tears, using the pain that small action causes to fight against that urge, because I can't do that yet. I can't. "I'm the ultimate survivor." I say instead, my words thick. When Johanna starts crying, softly, with embarrassment, I really do feel tears fill my eyes. "Fuck, Finnick. Don't you ever do that again!" She screams a moment later, and I come closer to laughing than I have in a very long time. I know anger is Jo's way of ignoring the shame crying always makes her feel and simultaneously dealing with her emotion, so I wait and let her get it out of her system. "Do you understand what you've done? They're having a memorial for you next week, Finnick. Your wife is loonier than ever. Not to mention the fact that you've—" She stops abruptly, her voice breaking on that last word. I wait, blinking against tears, fighting against the sudden rush of affection I feel for my friend. Not even bothering to fight against the fear I feel at her words about my wife, because I know I would never win. "I just missed you, okay? Damn it! You suck." Johanna shrieks, and then I think she might be crying again. But that's okay, because I'm crying too. "Trust me, not planned." I say. I have to lean over and grab the glass of water off the side