Doing a new Fanfiction with a OCF. I don't know anything but my own OC'S all rights goes to their rightful owners. Not the best speller so heads up. If you don't like how I do things don't read it no one is making you read it. Chapter 1: The Red Eye Goth Jasper's pov It's been a few months since school started. We had two new students both of them are females. Alice told us we were going to get two of them. We were walking into the cafeteria two smells hit me. One was a flower sweet smell that made me want blood. The other one was even better. It was singing to me. I never had a singer before. But it also smelt of vampire. The other smelt it to we looked around as we headed for our table. On the other side was a girl in goth clothes. She had fishnet going up her long legs and her black skirt with chains that hang from her sides. The she had a black and red tightly laced corsets. Her gloved went half way up her pale arms. She has dark long purple hair that when down to the floor while she sat. The dark make-up she had on but her lips is blood red. Half of her hair is hanging in her face. Her boots went up to her knee's and they were leather. "She don't stick out at all." Alice said. I was looking at her and when she looked over her eyes was a ruby red. The other saw them and was in shock like I am. "Alice ya need to be nice." I said to Alice. She growled at me. We been like this for a while. Every time I slip she gets made at me. I cant help it the animal blood is dulling my scents. So I would go out and hunt a murder, rapist or drug addicts. Alice didn't care about what I needed. Its her way or piss her off and that means no sex. So I tried to hit it but she knows cause of her visions. "She is a vampire?" Rosalie asked. "I don't know she smells like it but she has a fast heart beat." Edward said. I looked back over at the girl and she was looking at me. She smiled at me and nod her had at me. I smiled back and did the same to her. Then she turned her eyes back to her book. I wasn't listen to the others cause the Major started to talk to me. Jasper ya should go and talk to her. He said to me. Ya know I cant do that. Alice will be mad and no sex. I said back to him. Ya right boy but ya know Alice isn't our mate. The Major growl at me. He never trust Alice or believed what she said about us being her mate. Jasper this one might be our mate. Then we can have sex with her. The Major said as he wanted to take over. If ya don't take over I will go and talk to the lil darlin. I said back to him. Good now get ya ass moving cowboy. The Major said. Edward was looking at me and I shook my head as I got up. "Jas where are you going?" Alice said in a low growl. She knew where I was going. "Going to go talk to the new girl. To see what she is." I said as I left her there before she spoke. Every one's eyes was on me as I walked over to the red eye goth. She watched me as I walked over to her. She smiled at me as I stopped in front of her. "Hello I'm Jasper Hale." I said as I held out my hand to her. She put her book on the table then put her hand into mine. "Its nice to meet ya. I'm Taya Evans." Taya said in a southern accent like mine. I smiled as I kissed her hand and she blushed. "Would ya like to sit with me cowboy?" Taya said with a smile. "I would like that darlin." I said as I sat down across from her. "Where are ya from lil lady." I said as she marked her spot in her book. "I'm from Texas boy. What about ya?" She said as she looked at me. I can feel lust coming off her. "I am to from Texas darlin." I said as I looked at her legs that was crossed. I could hear Alice growling at me. But I just ignore her. "What brings ya to Forks lil darlin?" I asked Taya. She looked out the window. "I move around for a very long time. I thought this place would be nice to live. I like the rainy climate that's here and the forest." Taya said as she looked back at me. "I see." I said to her. "Ya never asked me about my eyes sugar." Taya said and I felt her mood change. She waited for me to speak. "Why ya eyes are red darlin?" I said softly. "They are contacts silly I thought they would know that. No human has red eyes." Taya said. But I noticed how she said human. "Why red?" I asked this red eye goth. "I like the color. Ruby red and blood red is pretty." Taya said with a smile but she bit the lower part of her low lip. Taya's pov I was sitting at the table when they walked in. I knew what they are when their scent hit me. Vampires with gold eyes that smelt of animal blood. So that is why their eyes are gold. One of them is looking at me. He and the little pixy next to him. Was glaring at him then me. What she said to me pissed me off but I kept it to my self. I just kept my eyes on my book or on him. The he came over to me. We talked and he sat down. I thought he would ask me about my eyes first but didn't. When he did I told him it was contacts but I don't think he believed me. But I wasn't going to tell him what I was cause I really don't know what the fuck I am. I was in to this cowboy. I think he could feel my lust for him. "Taya what are ya going to do after school?" Jasper asked me. "Sugar I'm still looking for a home." I said as I looked over to his coven. "If ya don't have a home then where are ya staying at?" He asked me. I giggled at him. "I'm staying at the motel till I can find and fix a home." I said to him as I switch my legs. I saw his eyes go down to my legs then slowly moved up my body. "Ya like what ya see cowboy?" I giggled at him. He looked at me and I saw his gold eyes turn black then back to gold. I didn't say anything. "I do but darlin can I ask ya something?" Jasper asked me in a very low voice. "Sure sugar ya can ask me anything." I said just as low. "Ya dress goth but ya talk like a cowgirl. Why is that lil darlin?" Jasper asked me. I giggled at him. "I cant tell ya cowboy. At lest not now I cant." I said as I looked at him. Then the bell rang and we stood up. "It was nice talkin to ya Jasper." I said as I held my hand out. He took it and kissed it. "It was my pleasure darlin. I hope we can talk again." He said as we left the building. It turns out I have most of the same classes with him and his pixy girlfriend. I was bummed out that he was taken. But I just sat in the back of the class room and just read my book. I never got called so that was good. My last class I had to sit with Jasper cause his girlfriend wasn't in this class. I just took notes while Jasper watched me. "Taya?" Jasper said and I looked at him. "Yes sugar?" I said in a low voice. "Ya mad at me or somethin?" He asked me. I didn't looked at him. "No sug. Why would I be?" I said as the teacher let us have the last five minutes left to talk. "Ya didn't talk to me in our other classes." Jasper said to me. "Sorry yer girl don't like me so I didn't want to get ya in to trouble with her." I said to him as I looked at him. "Don't worry about the pixy she has to control me. If not she is a pixy with fangs." Jasper said with a smile. "Sorry boy. Why she so tight with ya?" I said and he smiled more. "Ya have a lil slang in your words. I don't really now why she is tight with me." He said to me. "Jasper if ya don't like it then just-" I started but I didn't finish. Jasper looked at me and I knew he knew what I was saying. "I don't know if I could or not." Jasper said. I put my hand over his. "Do what ya want Jasper. Follower yer heart to what makes ya happy sug." I said as the bell rand. I just got up and left him there. Jasper's pov When the bell rang and Taya left. I looked down to see that Taya left her book on the table. I picked it up and its was a old book. This was something Carlisle would have in his study. I meant up with the others. We went to the cars but I caught Taya's scent. "I meet ya guys at home." I said. "Don't talk like that Jasper and where are you going?" Alice said in a angry voice. "Taya left her book in our last class. I'm going to take it to her." I said to her. "You don't even know where she is and I'm not going to tell you." Alice said in a snarl at me. "She told me were and I don't need ya." I said as I tried to keep my anger under control. I turned around and left them there. I walked my normal speed to the motel. I followed her scent to room 13. I knocked on the door and waited. I could hear her walking to the door and it opened. Taya was on the other side in just a towel. Her body is wet and she looked up at me. "Why Jasper what brings ya to my lonely room?" Taya said with a smile. "Ya left your book in class." I said as I held it out. I could see bit marks on her shoulders. I knew for sure now she is a vampire. "I know I was hoping ya would come. Come in sug." Taya said as she moved back to let me in. I walked in and she closed the door. "Ya knew I would come?" I said as I looked back at her. But she was behind me so close I moved back and feel on the bed. Giggling Taya moved closer to me. "I was hoping ya would. Cause I want to talk to ya alone." Taya said as she pulled out some clothes. "Why darlin?" I asked her as she let her towel fall to the floor and she started to put on clothes. Jeans and a button down shirt. "Cause ya know what I am. When I don't know what I am." Taya said as she sat next to me. She don't know what she is. Do we know what she is Jasper? The