Hello my Minions! ! ! Doing a new Twilight fanfictions. I know I been doing a lot of Twilight but its been on my brain lately. But I can't help it. lol Any way this on its going to be a little Mad story. Yes I said Mad heheehehe. You have to wait and see what will happen. THINGS ARE GOING TO CHANGE! ! ! All right's goes to their rightfull owners. The stoy is going to start a little after Bella come's home from the hospital before prom. Will I hope you like this story and the first chapter! ! Chapter 1: Rain Mixed With Rage 3rd Person pov Its been a two days and the Cullen family is back in Forks. Bella wont be back till next Monday. To day is Friday and the family just stayed home. Its raining hard and the wind blew. Edward is sitting in his room thinking about what just happened. If it wasn't for him then Bella wouldn't be in the hospital. As the day turned to night Edward went to sit with the family. When he walked in he saw Alice and Jasper sitting on the other sides of the room. He could hear their thoughts. It wasn't going to work out and Alice wants to splite up with him. Jasper feels hurt but he to wants splite up. Before Edward could sit down he could hear someone's thoughts. "What is that?" Jasper said cause he felt someone in so much pain it made him hurt. "I think some one is hurt and making their way here." Edward said and the family headed out side and smelt blood and a lot of it. But the smell of it didn't make the family thirsty. It smelled good but at the same time it didn't bother them at all. Carlisle rushed over to the body. "She's still alive. But I need to work fast." Carlisle said as he slowly picked her up and the family moved out of his way. But followed him into the room. There they watched and helped him when he needed it. The girl is covered in blood and dirt. They couldn't see what she looked like. Her hair is so dirty they couldn't tell what color it it. When Carlisle looked into both of them he took in a sharp in take of breath. "What's wrong?" Esme said with worry for the girl. "She has to different color eyes." Carlisle said softly as he worked faster. "What color are they?" Jasper asked as he helped Carlisle. "One of them is a deep red but not like a vampires. The other one is a silver color. Like the full moon on a clear night." Carlisle said softly to them. "I wonder why and how her eyes are like that?" Alice said thoughtfully. "I don't know. Do you think she was bitting?" Emmett asked. "No if she was she would be screaming and I don't smell the vemon in her blood." Carlisle said as he hooked her up for a blood transfusion. Cause she has lost a lot of blood. The hours ticked by and Carlisle stitched her up. One of her wounds the side of her stomach is bad. She has to be very careful cause it can reopen. "That's all we can do for now." Carlisle said as he wiped the blood off his hands on a towl. "Should we clean her up?" Alice asked Carlisle. "We should wait a while for her stitches set. Don't want to get them wet just yet." Carlisle said to her. Then the family left the room so the girl can get some rest. Edward and Jasper needed to hunt. The two brothers made sure they had there phone on them and turned on. Cause when she wakes up they want to make sure they are back. Alice can see her but she looks a little funny. While that is what Alice said. They took off and headed up high in the mountains. When Edward saw the girl laying face down in the mud. Bella was pushed out of his mind. It wasn't till his second lion when he remembered her. Edward didn't know why he forgot about her. She is his girlfriend after all. As Edward thought about Bella his feelings started to fad for her. Like he just wanted them to be real. But deep down Edward knew they aren't real. How is he going to break the news to Bella and his family. Rose isn't going to like it at all. "What's wrong Edward?" Jasper said with worry for his brother. "I don't think Bella is the one." Edward said softly. Jasper looked at him with shock. "How do you know?" Jasper said after he got over his shock. Edward look down at his lion thinking of how to tell Jasper. "I don't know how to say it. Its like when I think about her now its like my feeling for her are gone. They are fading away." I said slowly chewing on my lower lip. "That's how I felt with Alice. 45 minutes before we found the girl I started to feel that way. Alice felt that way to and we don't get it. It's like a vile has be lifted from my eyes." Jasper said before he finished his bear. Edward looked at Jasper cause that is want it felt like for him. But it happened after he saw the girl. "What is going on?" Edward said softly cause he don't get why this is happing. "I don't know Edward but thing happens for a reason right?" Jasper said in a confused voice. "Yea but then who is our mate then?" Edward said but just then Edwards phone went off. He pulled it out and answered it. "What is it Alice?" Edward said softly to her. "She will be waking up in 20 minutes. Thought you should know since you wanted to be here." Alice said before she hung up the phone. "We should hurry up and get back." Jasper said and Edward nodded his head. So the two bothers feed once more then headed back to the house. When they walked in Alice spoke. "Its almost time." They headed for her room. Every one stood by the door and waited. They could hear her heart start to pick up a little. Then slowly she sat up and she whimpered a little with pain. They saw her put her hand on the side of her stomach. "You still feeling pain?" Carlisle said softly before he took a slow step towards her. She looked over at them. When they saw her eyes their mouths opened a little. Cause her right eyes is a deep red but not a deep as a vampires. Her other one is silver like the glow of the full moon. Her mix match eyes looked at them then back a Carlisle. She slowly nodded her head and tears filled her eyes. Jasper can feel her depression. But when both Jasper and Edward looked into her beautiful mix match eyes they had the same thought. Mine. Edward heard Jasper's thoughts and growl a little. Jasper looked at him. "She's mine." Edward said so low only Jasper could hear him. She's mine Edward. Jasper thought to him. "No." Edward growl low. She can't be both of ours. Jasper thought to him. Carlisle walked over to her bed and and put more pain killers in her IV. "Can you tell me your name?" Carlisle asked to her. She looked up at him then spoke. "Kira Wonder." Kira said with a strong British accent. "While Kira its nice to meet you. I'm Carlisle Cullen and they are my family. My wife Esme and our kids Edward, Jasper, Rosalie, Emmett and Alice." Carlisle said as each other was called out they took a step towards her. So she knew who he was talking about. Kira smiled a little at them. "Its nice to meet you all." Kira said still with pain her soft low voice. Jasper and Edward couldn't keep their eyes off her. Even thro she is still covered in blood and mud they love her eyes and smile. But what is killing them is even thro she is smiling she is in so much pain. Edward can hear Jasper's thoughts on how depressed Kira is. Carlisle checked her wounds. "If you like in a little bit you can take a shower." Carlisle said to Kira. Her eyes moved back to his golden ones. "Thank you." Kira said in a tired voice. "Your welcome. When ever your not in so much pain let me know. I will take out the IV and you can take a shower." Carlisle said softly to her with a smile. "Ok." Kira said and the others started to walk out. Jasper and Edward had a hard time leaving Kira's room. They heared Carlisle said he would be back in a few so she wouldn't have to yell. When he came down the whole family looked at him. "What are we going to do with her?" Rosalie said with a growl of rage. "While right now we have make sure she is going to be ok. Have any of you seen her around town?" Carlisle asked his family. But every one shook their heads. If Jasper or Edward saw her they would remember seeing the love of their life they would go and claim her. Rose didn't like this at all. First its Bella and now this girl pops up out of nowhere. "So if she's not from here then we should look for missing people." Carlisle said. "I do it." Alice said before she got up and left the room. She went to her laptop to see if anyone is looking for a missing Kira. If nothing pops up then she will look for Kira Wonder. "What if she isn't a missing person? What if she doesn't have any family then what?" Edward asked. Jasper wanted to asked that but Edward beat him to it. No one in the family knows whats going on with Edward and Jasper. Not even Alice could see what was going one. But she did see Edward leaving Bella. It hurt her a little to see her out of the family. "While if she has no where to go we can take her in. She's around your guy's age so she should be finished with school. Then we can help her out and she will never know." Carlisle said to make Rose happy. Edward was half listen to them. He is listening to what Kira is thinking about. Someone called Sebastian was her whole world. He couldn't tell what happend. All she could think about that he is gone and now she is all alone. In a new place that she don't understand. "Edward?" Esme said with worry. He snaped out of listening to Kira's thoughts. "Sorry what?" Edward said to his mother. "You looked worried and sad. What's wrong?" Esme said as she looked at her son. Edward looked up at the ceiling where Kira is at. "Kira lost some one very close to her. She is all alone and depressed." Edward said softly. The family looked at Edward then up at the ceiling. "That poor girl." Esme said with a dry sob. Rose just rolled her eyes cause she don't believe it. "I think the pain killers are working Carlisle. You should head up there." Edward said. "Thanks Edward." He said before he left room. They listened to him while he talked to Kira as he took out the needle. Then he helped her off the bed. "I will get her some clothes." Alice said softly to Carlisle. "My daughter Alice will bring you some clothes." Carlisle said to Kira as he showed her to the bathroom then left. They heard the water turn on and Alice going threw her closet. Kira's pov When I woke