Hello every one! ! This just popped in my head. I don't use the person with any one my OFC. But I thought this one would be good. Not going to tell you who the guys is going to be. You just have to wait and see. Doing a nother Twilight story's. I own Nothing but my OC"S and the Plot. All rights goes to Stephenie Meyer. Things will change big time. Its going to start right after Bella safed Edward. Enjoy the story and the first chapter! ! ! Chapter 1: New Girl in Forks Carlisle pov It feels good to be back in Forks and working. Its a nice Monday morning and I got a new patient. Her name is Nyla Faust she just moved here and needed a doctor. I took her on as a patient. There was something very wrong with her but no one knows what is wrong with her or how she got like this. She should be coming in soon for her first check up with me. I looked out side the window and it looks like its going to rain to day. Then I heard someone running down the hall and stop in front my door. I waited for who every it was to knock. It sounded like they were caughting their breath then knocked. "Come in." I said as I watched the door opend and a girl in black baggy pants with chain and a black tank top with silver skulls walk in. Her long blood red hair hung in her face or her left side of her face. I never seen bright blue eyes like hers before. "Sorry I'm late. My truck broke down and I had to run all the way here. I was hoping that it wouldn't break down. But the part I need wont be in for a few days." She said still trying to caught her breath. "You are Nyla Faust right?" I said with a smile as I stood up and and we shook hands. Her body temp. is really hight. "You hands feels nice." Nyla said with a smile. "Thank you. So I been reading your file and I will do everything I can to help you." I said to her. Nyla looked at me. "My doctor before you said I have a few years to live." She said with hatred in her voice. I looked at her with sadness. "Please don't give me that look. I seen that since I got sick. I'm sick of it. Please looked at me like that." Nyla said to me. "Sorry it just so sad to see a young person like your self with something like this. This must be hard for you and your parents." I said to her. "I'm a orphan. My parents died when I was very small. I don't even remember what they looked like. I was in foster care till I was thirteen. Then I been on my own ever since." She said as I started on her check up. "If you dont mine me asking. I thought you couldn't leave foster care till you were eighteen?" I asked her soflty as I took her blood presher. "That's true but I have a hight IQ and I have money so they left me live on my own." Nyla said. We talked for a while as I did her check up. Things isn't looking to good. "Did your doctor say any many years you how to live?" I asked her. Nyla closed her eyes for a brife moment. "I think he said five or six years." Nyla said softly. My heart heart for her. "I think he got it wrong or your disease is progressing faster." I said softly to her. "How much time do I have?" Nyla said with so much pain it is breaking my still heart. "A year or two at the lest." I said slowly. Nyla started to take deep breaths and tears started to run down her face. "This isn't fair! There was so much I wanted to do! Now I will never get to see the world or do the things I wanted to do!" Nyla said in a raise voice. I put my hand on her shoulder and she cryied harder into her hands. "I'm really sorry Nyla. I wish I could have gotten to your file sooner. Maybe I could have found something they others have missed." I said to her. Nyla took a deep breath then let it out. "It doesn't matter Doc. The one's that have hight IQ or nice or a good person always have something bad happen to them. While the mean, evil people get to live and spread evil. But the part about this that sucks so bad is. Most other people have people to love and miss them when they are gone. Me on the other hand have no one. It would be like I never was born. No one would know that I was very alive." Nyla said with heat in her voice. I looked down at her for a while. "I am truely sorry for you Nyla. If you every need anything dont be afread to ask me. Since you dont have any one to turn to. Let me give you my number so if you need a ride or something My wife or one of my children can help you out." I said as I wrote down my number and gave it to her. Nyla smile at me. "You are the first person to be nice to me. It feel nice." Nyla said softly. "Its the lest I can do for you. I wish I could do so much more." I said as I thought about it. She has no one in her live. Maybe we can be her family. But I have to think about this more and ask the family. "Oh shit!" Nyla said making me jump and look at her. "What's wrong?" I said to her. "I told the shcool I been back by third period but since my truck is down I was late here and by the time I get to the school it be lunch time. Do you think you could write me a note saying that my check up took longer then planed?" Nyla asked me. "Yes I will. They know you have your check up three times a week right?" I asked as I wrote her a note. "Yes they do but only the headmaster knows why." Nyla said and I smiled when she said headmoster. No one around here says that. "I see. Why dont the teachers own?" I asked her as I handed her the note. "I have it when they pitty me. So I dont want them to know. Beside they talk about it and someone is going to over hear it and they are going to start shit with me. So I rather not have that again. Thank you Doctor Cullen. I will see you later." Nyla said as she put the note in her bag and took off. Edwards pov Its lunch time and Bella is in line to get her food. I watched her as she moved. The door opened and new scent came in. I turned my head to see a girl in black baggy pants with chains on them. Her black tank top has silver skulls on them. Her bloodred hair is hanging in her face on the left side. She is carrying a bag over her shoulder. She looked around and saw a empty table and walked over to it. It is the table close to ours and up against the wall. Every one watched her walk over to it and sit down. I watched her as she put her bag on the table, pulled out a bottle, a huge leather bound book with writing on it and a Ipod. Putting her head phones on. She opened the bottle that smelt like a health drink and turned on her music. I thought it was going to be death metal or something like that. But no it was country music that made Jasper look at her. She started to write in her book. I couldn't hear her thoughts at all. She is like Bella but I could get a word or two every now and then. It sounded like lyrics but I never heard them before. "That girl is in a lot of pain." Japser said as Bella sat down. We all looked over at her and I couldn't tell what she was feeling. "Do you know what kind of pain?" Bella asked him. "No not really. All that is coming off her is just pure pain. It is making me feel sorry for her and I don't even know her." Jasper said softly. "I wonder who she is?" Rosalie said and Alice smiled. "She just moved here and she is sick." Alice said. "How can you say that with a smile Alice?" I asked the little pixie. "Let's just say I saw something about her and I'm not going to tell." She said and I hate it when she does that. "Do you know what kind of illness she has?" I asked after a while. Bella didn't seem to happy about me asking about her and not talking to her. "No I don't it looks like no one knows what she has. Not even Carlisle." Alice said the smile fading away. "What does Carlisle have to do with anything?" Emmett asked. "He's her doctor." Alice said and the bell rang. We got up and headed for our next class. "Why did you want to know more about her?" Bella asked me as we took our sits. "Cause she's in pain. Maybe there is something we can do to help her." I said. Bella looked pissed off. The girl came in and gave the teacher a piece of paper. "You can take the deck at the back." He said to her and she nodded her head. During the class the girl took notes and Bella didn't talk to me. I rolled my eyes at her. As the class went on I could hear bits and piece's of what she is thinking. It was mostly things about music and the pain she is in and her truck. I smiled at the last part. Nyla's pov It was after school and I looked up at the sky. It looked like it was going to rain so I put my cell into a water tight box so it wouldn't get wet. My bag is water proff to but I didnt want to take the change of it falling out while I run home. I made my way threw the parking lot then I took off jogging. I live out side of town deep in the forest. I dont care to be around people. My house is going toward La Push. When I got out of town is when it started to pour down buckest of cold ass water. But with my hight temp it feels great. So I ran threw the mud and ran. Then I saw a silver Volvo S60R pull up beside me. The window went down and there was a boy looking at me. "Do you need a ride?" He asked me. "Sorry but I dont get into cars with people I dont know." I said to him as I started to walk and he drove beside me. "My name is Edward Cullen." He said to me I stopped and looked at him. "Your not the son of Doctor Cullen are you?" I said and he smiled at me, makeing me blush. "Yes I am." He said to me. I shook my head then opened the door and got in. "I thought you said you don't get into cars with people you dont know?" Edward said as he started to drive. "You father told me if I needed a ride