Hey very one doing another Twilight Fanfiction. I do not own anything but my Oc's and the plot. Not the best speller so I know and don't have to tell me about it. If you don't like it you don't have to read it, cause no one is making you. Chapter 1: The Girl From Two Pasts Piper's pov Flash Back 1935 "Emmett I love you." I said to the naked man next to me. "I never felt like this before Piper. I love you too Piper." Emmett said. I put my head back on his chest. My little house by the water fall is deep in the woods. Its here were we spent the last few days naked in bed. Emmett has been watching me bath in the river for weeks. I knew he was watching me. After I snuck up on him we started to hang out. The sex is great with Emmett. His is like a grizzle in bed. "Will I better get going." Emmett said. "Ok I see you tomorrow?" I asked and he kissed my lips. "Yes you will." Emmett said but after he left my home. But what I didn't know is that I will never see him tomorrow again. End Of Flash Back I jerk awake in a cold sweat. I went to his house cause he never came over. He just vanished and I smelt his blood, but no body. I thought he was dead. Now its 2006 and I just moved to Forks. Its still summer and my huge house was done and now I have to take a shower. My long life I never fell in love before Emmett McCarty. Even after him I never felt anything for any one again. I haven't left my house since I moved in. After the shower I but my clothes on and went to the kitchen. I looked in the Frig. "Do I want deer blood or grizzly?" I said out loud to my self. "Hmmm grizzly it is." I said as I grabbed that bottle. I opened it and started to drink. I love my animal blood. When I finished it I threw it away. I put my shoes on so I can go for a nice jog to check the mail. I was way deep in the woods. I was so wrapped in my mind that when I looked around I was in front of the mail box. As I got my mail two car came and started to slow down to turn down the road that was across from mine. I looked up to see two people from my past. One I thought was dead but he had a blonde on him. They saw me but I just turned my back and started to jog back to my home. But once I was in the tree's I used my full speed and was in side the house before I know it. "I THOUGHT THAT JACK ASS WAS DEAD! !" I yelled. Tears running down my face as I slid down the door. No One's pov Emmett never that he would see Piper again. He thought about her every day since he was turned. When he saw Rose he thought he should be with her since he wont be able to be with Piper any more. But looking out the window there is Piper looking at me with hurt eyes. Carlisle was wondering when he would see Piper again. "When did we get a new neighbor?" Esme asked Carlisle. "I guess she moved in while we where out of town." Carlisle said with a smile. "Should we go and say hi?" Esme said not sure if that would be ok. "I think we should." Alice said from the car behind them. Edward looked at her not sure what she is thinking. "Ok will lets go over tomorrow." Edward said. They nodded as they got out of the car. "Jazz lets go for a walk." Alice said as she put her hand into his. "Ok." He said as he followed her. The others went on with their day. Besides Emmett he went out for a hunt alone. Alice and Jasper went to Piper's house. Alice smiled as she knocked on the huge oak door. "Coming." Piper said as she walked to the door. They waited till the door opened. Piper's dark green eyes were red. Alice smiled slipped when she saw that she's been crying. "Sorry Piper is this a bad time?" Alice said. "No Alice its fine come on in." Piper said in a horse voice. Jasper was wondering how they know each others names. . .will not Alice but how Piper knew Alice name. They followed her to the kitchen. "You two want something to drink?" Piper asked them. Jasper chuckled. "What do you have?" Alice said. "I have deer, elk, panther, grizzly and anything else you can think of." Piper said as she pulled out two panthers and a grizzly bottles and gave them it. "What is this?" Jasper said as he looked at the bottle. "Panther blood." Piper said. Jasper looked at Alice as she opened her bottle and it smelt of blood. "How?" Jasper said. "I tell you how I do this tomorrow when the others come." Piper said as she took a drink of her grizzly blood. "You drink blood but you have a heart beat." Jasper said. "Its not time yet." Alice and Piper said at the same time. Jasper looked at them. "Sorry Jasper but its not safe yet for any one beside Alice to know what I am." Piper said. Jasper looked at Alice. "Its ok Jazz Piper isn't going to hurt any one." Alice said before she kissed Jasper. Piper looked out the window. "Is he happy?" Piper asked softly. Alice looked sad in her eyes. "At times he is happy but there are times that he would will stare into space in deep thought with a sad look on his face." Alice said. Piper nodded her head. She kept her face blank as she took a long drink. Alice watched her as she looked at the table. Piper is in pain and Alice wanted to help her out. Ever since they started to have visions of each other. Then knew each other from this. Its like they are best friends. "Piper are you going to be ok tomorrow?" Alice said softly as she put her hand on top of Piper's. Piper looked into Alice's golden eyes. "I be fine as long as he is happy." Piper said as she tried to smile a little. Emmett's pov I went hunting grizzly's a few miles away. I drink two grizzly's and buried them. On my away back I stopped out side of Pipers house and heard her say. "Is he happy?" Piper asked softly. Then Alice said. "At times he is happy but there are times that he would will stare into space in deep thought with a sad look on his face." Piper didn't say anything. When I'm like that I was thinking of Piper. When Rose and I fight I would think of Piper and how we were. In our short time we never fight or yell at each other. Rose and I fight every other week. I hate fighting with her cause every one in the family can hear us. "Piper are you going to be ok tomorrow?" Alice said softly. I was pulled out of my thoughts. I waited for Piper to speak. "I be fine as long as he is happy." Piper said. I knew that she is lying. Like when I asked her were she is from. But she lied and I can hear it in her voice. Piper is going to be hurting while I'm there. Then I heard Alice and Jasper told Piper they will see her tomorrow. Piper showed them out and then I was about leave. When she came out of the back door. Piper had a towel and was heading into the woods. I followed her deeper and deeper into the woods to the water fall. Then she took off her clothes and got into the cold water. I could see every thing and my body was getting hot and hard. It was like back in the day when I first saw her. Piper swam for a while then sat under the water fall like she use to. Piper was singing a sad song. That hurt my heart cause her voice is sad and not happy. "Emmett you can come out now." Piper said as she turned her head and looked at me with sad and angry eyes. I slowly came out and she swam over to me. I helped her out of the water and she was naked. But still beautiful like the first day I saw that body. "How did you know?" I said as she looked up at me. I really wanted to touch her body. "I know when you are following me." She said with her voice shook. "Your mad." I said as I moved some of her hair out of her face. "Yes I am! You left me with out a word! I thought you were dead! My heart was ripped out of my fucken chest! !" Piper yelled with tears running down her face. I pulled her in to a huge. "I'm sorry Piper I thought you were human and I didn't want to hurt you. I thought you would move on. You are a strong woman that could." I said as she cried into my chest. Her nails dug into my jacket as she cried out of rage. I could feel her strength and its wasn't human. I smiled more cause I couldn't hurt her. "Why couldn't you leave me a note or something letting me know your ok. You knew I had no one in my life." Piper said softly. "I wanted to but they said no one can find out about us Pips." I said. I could feel her smile against my chest. "You called me Pips." Piper said as she looked up at me. "I called you that when we were together." I said. But Piper pulled me down and kissed me. I kissed her back and pulled her closer to me. She pulled back. "Sorry Emmy." Piper said. I smiled and pulled her back. "Don't be Piper I never stopped loving you." I said and she shook her head. "You are married and I don't want to come between you two." Piper said as she dried off then put her clothes on. But she didn't put on panties. I smiled more as she looked at me. "What?" She said to me. "You still don't wear panties I see." I smirked at her. "Why should I? They just get in the way." Piper said as we started to walk back to her house. "Yea and I like that. One less piece of clothes to rip off." I said. Piper giggled. "Do you remember all the clothes we ripped off?" Piper said. I laughed out loud and noticed that she is wearing leather. "When did you start wearing tight leather?" I said as I wanted to spank her ass. "A year after you vanished. All the animals I killed I use their skin for my clothes. Besides it's the real thing not this fake shit they want so much for it. My stuff is free and I like making them." Piper said. I put my hand in hers and she looked at me. "Why are you doing this for?" Piper said in a hurt voice. "I know what I did to you was bad. Like I said I still love you. My wife is something different form you. She saved my life and I thought she was the one." I said as I stopped. She looked at me. "I love you too Emmy but I'm not going to make you chose between me