CHAPTER 1 - Godly Visits, Warships, and Newbies Percy's POV Everything was fine… or at least that was before the gods decided to send a little message… 3 Days ago… We had just won the war with Gaea 2 months ago and we were back at Camp Jupiter, the legion had defeated the other half of Gaea's army in Rome while the campers of Camp Half-Blood fought the other half in Greece. I felt my heart clench at the thought of Camp Half-Blood… my home… I sighed and sat at the Praetor table waiting for Reyna to come. I looked around at the Romans, some still had wounds from the war, and I knew some were still in the infirmary but right now they looked relaxed and happy. I glanced at the fifth cohort and smiled when I saw Hazel and Frank. Hazel smiled while Frank gave me a nod. Everyone was much more relaxed since the war ended, that and I knew I rubbed off on them. Suddenly, Reyna came in with a troubled look on her face and that's not a look you see on her every day. "Everyone to the arena! Now!" she ordered. Everyone scrambled at her tone. I looked at Frank who gave me a 'what's up?' look and I shrugged. I jogged up next to Reyna who was tensed, okay scratch that, more tense than usual. "What's wrong Rey?" I asked and she glared at me "Just get to the arena" she snapped and left. I followed her to the arena to see everyone all in order but that didn't catch my attention. What caught my attention was the huge image of the Olympians made from mist hovering in the middle of the arena. It was a huge Iris message. Reyna and I sat in our seats at the top as Praetors and faced the huge Iris message. "My Lords and Ladies" Reyna and I greeted respectfully, well, more like Reyna greeted them respectfully, I was too busy panicking. You try having Lady Athena glare at you! "We won't be long daughter of Bellona; we only have a message" Lady Athena said eyeing the romans coldly. Well, they did take her title as goddess of war away. "First of all, we would like to thank you for fighting in the war and we assure you all those who have passed away in the war shall receive Elysium. Now, we are proud to know the age old grudge between Greeks and Romans have slowly start to disappear considering you helped each other in war, but… it has come to our attention that Greeks and Romans have not met aside from the Iris Message from single highest leader to leader of both camps" Zeus started and looked at the Olympians, he then gestured for Lady Athena to take over. Lady Athena stood up "We have decided for you Romans to travel to the Greek camp known as Camp Half-Blood" she stated without emotion "B-but your grace" Octavian started and began protesting. I groaned inwardly, why didn't we just leave him in Rome? Oh right, he's our augur. I'd choose the Rachel over him in a heartbeat, scratch that, I'd choose the old mummy oracle than him any day. Lady Athena glared at him "You dare defy the gods Roman?" she asked icily making Octavian shut up a 'no lady Minerva' She nodded and continued "As I was saying, we have decided that you will go to Camp Half-Blood to meet your Greek counterparts, also, we decided that you will stay there for a year which should be enough for you to settle and get to know the Greeks. We have already informed the leaders of Camp Half-Blood about this and they are now aware of your upcoming arrival. We know some of you already have families, school, and other important things to take care of so we have come to decide that only everyone 13 years old and above, aside from those with families and school will be the ones to embark on the journey. Now, the rest of Olympian council are sorry to say, you have no say in the matter for it has already been decided" Lady Athena explained, people were about to protest so she continued "As for your transportation, the campers of Camp Half-Blood have agreed to let you use their warship, the Argo II, it will be here along with chosen representatives from Camp Half-Blood to make sure you get to their camp correctly. Now, the Argo II will arrive here in Camp Jupiter in 3 days, that should be enough for you to prepare, pack up, clear everything up, and bid farewell to your legion. Take note praetors are coming as well so I suggest you find temporary praetors daughter of Bellona. Maybe even another co-praetor" Lady Athena finished, directing the last part at me before sitting back on her throne "Is everything clear?" Hera asked "Yes my lady" Reyna answered stiffly and the Olympians nodded, the mist was about to vanish until Lady Athena put up her hand and turned to me with an emotionless expression "Perseus Jackson, you have a lot unfinished business at Camp, I suggest you prepare yourself sea spawn, and beware… time… can change everything…" Lady Athena warned me before the Iris message vanished leaving us all shocked Three days passed since that, and after so much protest and meetings, here we are… all waiting for the Argo II to arrive. Everyone was at the field of Mars while I was up on one of the hills. I sat down on the grass with my duffel bag beside me, I didn't really have much stuff here, all of my things were back at Camp Half-Blood. I sighed, I was going back home… to everyone… to Annabeth… my Wise Girl… What if she moved on? Come on Percy, your girl's the most beautiful girl at camp and it's been over a year for gods' sake! She could've forgotten about you by now and dated some other camper… anger filled me at the thought of Annabeth, my Annabeth, with another guy, holding her, making her laugh, kissing her… "Woah Perce! Calm down! Your causing a hurricane over there" I heard Frank yell making me snap out of my thoughts. I looked in the direction he was pointing where a small hurricane started to form. I sighed and made the hurricane vanish. "What's wrong Percy?" Hazel asked as she sat in front of me, Frank followed and sat next to her "Yeah Perce, you looked like you want to murder someone" Frank added and I put my head in my hands "I'm going home…" I said to no one in particular "What's wrong with that? Aren't you excited?" Frank asked confused and Hazel sighed "You're scared about what's waiting for you there aren't you? It's because of Lady Minerva's warning, you're scared that everything and everyone changed" Hazel told me "Not everyone…" I trailed off and stared into space "It's about Annabeth isn't it?" Frank asked "What if she moved on?" I asked "Come on Percy, have more faith in Annabeth, have more faith in your relationship, I mean, you said it so yourself, you guys came a long way" Hazel smiled I smiled lightly at her "Maybe you're right" "That's the spirit!" Frank cheered clapping me on the back "Do you think she's one of the representatives though?" he asked and I shrugged "If they're basing the representatives on titles, Annabeth should be there" I explained "But didn't you say she's always been a leader? I'm not trying to put your hopes down or anything okay, it's just, the gods were silent at first so I'm guessing your camp director Lord Bacchus was called back. Think about it, you said she was always a leader, if she took a place as leader then she must've stayed back at your camp to settle everyone down for our arrival" Hazel explained and Frank agreed "Haven't thought about that, but, it's the most likely thing she'll do. I wouldn't be surprised if she isn't here though it would be nice to know she wanted to see me right away" "Why don't we just find out when the Greeks arrive?" Hazel suggested and we agreed "WARSHIP!" someone yelled and we looked up to see a huge gold warship heading towards the field of mars "Or… we could find out now" Frank said still in awe of the Argo II Everyone stood still as the ship stopped moving and landed. I saw Reyna walking up to the front and I grabbed my duffel bag heading towards the crowd with Frank and Hazel on my heels. Frank shape-shifted into a falcon and flew up, as a rope ladder was thrown over the railing and we saw a group of figures go down one by one either sliding down or climbing down slowly. They were all in battle armor with weapons resting on their bodies. Okay, not really welcoming. "I did a head count. 13 Greeks in all" Frank told me as he shape-shifted back into human beside me We made our way through the silent legion and I stood a little behind Reyna with Frank and Hazel at my side. "Welcome Greeks!" Reyna greeted though her tone was guarded "Yeah, yeah, yeah, everybody's welcome, now can we hurry?! The faster we leave with you guys, the faster we get back to camp" one of the Greeks, obviously male, snapped sarcastically. The romans scowled at the disrespect, gripping their weapons tightly. One of the Greeks came close to the guy and hit him with the hilt of a dagger "What was that for?!" he snapped "Show some respect will you?!" the one that hit him hissed in a high pitch voice. Female. "Enough" another Greek ordered. The voice was female, and was sort of familiar. The group cleared a way for another Greek. By the body structure, it was female. "My apologies for his behavior and disrespect. He's been restless, he's been wanting to go back home immediately, and his patience can only go too far" the girl explained in a tight voice. She was nervous, I would be too if I were on enemy grounds. "I understand, but if he were a Roman, he would have been punished" Reyna said through gritted teeth "See? She's telling the truth you know and Jason did warn us" the first girl who hit the guy stated and some Romans gasped "Jason? Jason… Grace?" Reyna asked, hope shining in her eyes through her tough façade "Yes, Jason Grace, the son of Jupiter, and your former colleague Praetor Reyna" the same girl answered "If you're wondering how I know, Jason has mentioned you" she added "Is he well? Is he with you?" Reyna asked and I could she was trying to stay strong instead of bombarding the Greeks about Jason "He is very much well, but I'm afraid the answer to your second question is no, he is at Camp Half-Blood" the other girl, "V" answered. The first girl then looked around and scanned the romans before resting in my direction. Her posture relaxed before facing the Greeks "Perseus Jackson is here! The son of Poseidon is well!" she announced and all of the Greeks sighed in relief She faced us "Well then, I think we've have enough tension. Now that we know Percy is fine. I don't see any reason why there should be any ill will besides the age old grudge that needs to be settled when we get to camp" she said like it was nothing, but her tone was mocking as if she was saying we were the ones being difficult "Well, as much as I put my fate in the gods' hands, I need to know whose hands I'm putting my legion in. identify yourselves" Reyna told them coldly "No need to be rash. Everyone, armor and helmets off as you introduce yourself"