Wildest Dreams The sun beamed brightly across Malfoy Manor, illuminating the vast gardens of the estate. The gardens expanded into the far distance, flowers in bloom, birds chirping, and the peacocks strutting across the vast lawn. Harry Potter took in a deep breath and the smell of lavender, lilies, and roses was almost overwhelming. It did nothing to calm his nerves, but the man had defeated the Dark Lord, so this should have been nothing to worry himself over. He shook his head and began to make his way up the path to the mansion. The manor had changed drastically from the last time Harry had been there. Narcissa Malfoy had no doubt taken it upon herself to try and erase the stain of the war. No longer was there an eerie gloom about the place, but rather the feeling of a promising rebirth. The manor was not the only thing that had changed, the family did as well. I guess war did that to people, Harry thought. After the battle of Hogwarts, some of the remaining Death Eaters were rounded up and put on trial for their actions in the war. Harry had felt a sense of obligation to speak on behalf of the Malfoys, particularly Narcissa and Draco. They had each saved his life in a moment where they could have easily turned him over. For that Harry was grateful, so it only made sense to him to help in any way that he could lessen their sentence. The Ministry had ruled with placing Lucius under house arrest and both Narcissa and Draco were dropped of their charges. In the courtroom Harry remembered looking across to see Narcissa wrap her son tightly in her arms. She kissed his cheek, tears streaming down her face and Draco held her tightly in return. Then, the blonde man looked up from his mother and his eyes met Harry's. He smiled. It was the first genuine smile Harry had ever seen from the man. In that moment he knew things were going to be different from then on. Which was why Harry was now walking up the steps of Malfoy Manor. Weeks had passed since the trial, where he was unpacking his belongings into Grimmauld place, when he found it. Wrapped in a black velvet cloth was the hawthorn wand of Draco Malfoy. He knew immediately when he saw it what he had to do. Now, running his fingers absentmindedly along the smooth wood, he wasn't so sure. What if Malfoy wouldn't appreciate the gesture? What if he thought Harry was here to gloat? Still, there was only one way to find out. Harry took another deep breath and lifted his hand to knock upon the ornate door of the manor. Within a matter of seconds a house elf appeared holding the door open very slightly. "Hello mister…" the elf's eyes widened in shock as she registered who was standing before her. "Mister Potter, sir! Please come in!" she squeaked. He smiled, looking down at the elf as he now stood in the entrance hall. The elf beamed, "Please sir, let me take your cloak!" She held up her tiny hands and Harry obliged. With a snap of her fingers the cloak whisked itself into a closet down the hall to the left. She smiled at Harry and asked, "What is sir Harry Potter doing here at Malfoy Manor today?" "I'd like to speak to Draco Malfoy," Harry replied. He smoothed the front of his shirt down, hoping he didn't look too underdressed without his cloak. He was thankful that he did at least decide to wear a nice button down shirt paired with fitted trousers. The elf eyed him carefully before asking, "Is something wrong? Master Malfoy isn't in trouble is he?" Before Harry could answer, he heard a door slam from upstairs. "Mibby! Where are you?" a voice shouted. "Where is my cloak that I picked out yesterday? The matching tie has gone missing as well!" The house elf squeaked, and vanished in a pop. Harry stood in the foyer overhearing their conversation. "Master Malfoy, I will bring cloak in a minute, but-" "But WHAT, Mibby? What could possibly be more important that you ignored my calls for the past few minutes?" Harry heard Draco Malfoy ask the elf in an irritated tone. Harry tensed, knowing all too well the feeling of Malfoy's wrath. "Master Malfoy, sir Harry Potter is here to see you!" Mibby exclaimed. There was a moment of silence, followed slowly by Malfoy asking "What?" Harry could hear the surprise in his tone, and he couldn't help the smile that tugged at his lips. He found this situation to be very amusing. "He's here ?" Malfoy asked in disbelief. "Yes Master!" the elf confirmed. "Would you like me to bring him to you?" "Well yes…of course," Malfoy responded, in a quieter voice. It was almost as if he didn't believe this was at all happening. "I will be in the drawing room down the hall," he informed the elf and Harry heard his footsteps retreat and fade. Mibby popped up next to Harry shortly after, and started to drag him up the staircase. "So sorry, sir Harry Potter. Master Malfoy is surprised to see you. I didn't remember an appointment for today. Please forgive me!" Harry chuckled, shaking his head. "Oh no, you didn't forget an appointment. I didn't have one. Please, it's quite all right." The elf dropped Harry's hand once they stood in front of the door to the drawing room. She knocked on the door. They heard Draco call, "Come in." And with that, Mibby gave Harry a courteous bow and apparated away. Harry opened the door and instantly saw Malfoy sitting across the room in a luxurious armchair by the fireplace. The blonde stood up as Harry walked into the room, and he could feel the waves of nerves wash over him. Malfoy tilted his head thoughtfully, his eyes traveling up and down Harry. "Potter…" he spoke carefully, a familiar smirk starting to form across his lips, "To what do I owe the pleasure?" He felt his hands start to sweat, and Harry frantically tried to rub them casually along his trousers. He had no idea where these nerves were coming from, and began to chalk it up to the intimidating atmosphere of Malfoy Manor. The house was so grand, and Harry felt really out of place and uncomfortable. His discomfort had nothing to do with the man in front of him who was staring intently into his eyes-yes, he was most certainly not nervous about that. "I…" Harry began, suddenly at a loss for words. His mind was starting to whirl, bringing up memories of their past rivalry. He was trying to make sense of the situation before him. They were no longer school boys throwing curses at each other, and he had no idea what to classify their strange relation now. They couldn't possibly be enemies any more, but they certainly weren't friends either. It was just awkward. Malfoy's eyebrows rose as Harry remained speechless. The man took a few steps towards Harry and then asked, "Potter, what are you doing here?" The tone of his voice was not bitter, which was strange in of itself. It sounded more curious than anything else. He ran his hands nervously against his slacks again, and that is when he felt the wand against his fingers. The contact of the wood jolted him and Harry finally remembered what he was here to do. He reached inside his pocket and withdrew the ebony wand and held it up in between them. Malfoy's eyes traveled from Harry's to focus on the wand before them. "I wanted to return this," Harry managed to say. Malfoy stood there for a minute, letting the moment sink in. He began to chew thoughtfully on his perfectly shaped lips in contemplation. Then he took a few more small steps towards Harry and reached up for the wand. "Thanks, but…" Malfoy began, not barely a foot away from the other man. "How do we know the wand will respond to me now?" Green eyes locked with grey. Harry never really noticed how striking those eyes were before. At this proximity he could see a hint of blue mixed with the grey, and it reminded him of the lake at Hogwarts, frozen delicately with patches of ice in the chilly winter months. He was so lost in that stare that he jumped when he felt Malfoy's fingers wrap around the wand Harry was holding. Their fingers brushed against each other and Harry felt a spark along his fingertips. He wasn't sure if the feeling was from the magic humming within the wand or the contact of Malfoy's fingers. "Wait," Harry called out, cutting through the tension that he could feel building up between them. He remembered vaguely about the concept of wand loyalty, and had pondered what would happen. If Harry simply gave the wand back, there was a chance the wand would not recognize Malfoy. "I can't just give you the wand," Harry said simply. "The wand might not remember you." Malfoy let out a breath he had been holding, and Harry felt it caress his face. They were standing so close, and Malfoy tightened his grip along the wand and the other man's fingers. "What do I have to do?" he asked. He took one last step, closing the distance between them. Their chests pressed against each other and Harry could feel Malfoy brace himself. His stomach fluttered, feeling the new contact. If Harry had thought he was nervous before, it was nothing to like how he was feeling in this one moment. He knew what they had to do, he just only hoped Malfoy wouldn't go overboard with the idea of fighting him for the wand. He was in no mood to be hexed at or punched at for some sort of strange truce he was trying to hand over to the other man. Harry sighed, looking from their joined hands to silver pondering eyes. "You have to take it from me," he replied. A moment passed and Harry felt his heart starting to beat frantically. Then in the blink of an eye he watched as Malfoy's lips quirked up into the biggest smirk. "I think I can do that," he taunted. And before Harry could respond, he was slammed against the wall. He gasped in alarm, gripping the wand tighter as Malfoy raised his other hand, heading straight for Harry's face. Here it was. Harry closed his eyes quickly, waiting for the inevitable feeling of a fist crunching into his skull. He could fight, he could defend himself. But for some reason, he just didn't want to anymore. He was tired of fighting and the sooner this was over, the sooner Harry could move on to the next thing. Part of him secretly hoped by returning the wand he would begin to think less of the other man. He never seemed to be able to control his wandering thoughts, ever since 6th year when he began following the blonde. Perhaps his obsession with Malfoy would come to a close and he could get on with his life. This was the closure they needed, certainly. Then he felt it. Lips brushed against his tentatively and before Harry could even register what was happening, the kiss deepened. Malfoy pressed his lips harder against Harry and he couldn't help but cry out in surprise. The blonde took that opportunity to run his tongue along the other boy's lips and slip inside hungrily. Harry heard a groan and he wasn't sure who made the noise, but he secretly hoped it wasn't him. That was something he really didn't need to happen right now. He felt Malfoy's other hand snake up into Harry's hair. He tugged roughly on the mess of black stands, and this time Harry moaned uncontrollably. The feeling of Malfoy's lips,