I walked in on him and some bitch in my bed. I heard the moans and panting as I climbed the steps up to my bedroom, but I was praying he was just watching porn. He wasn't. I opened the door to my bedroom and found my fiancé Jimmy banging his new secretary on my new 500 thread count sheets. My jaw dropped open and my chest felt like someone just stuck an ice pick into it. The smell of sex and sweat accosted my nostrils and for a brief moment I thought I was going to throw up on the floor. It must have only been a few seconds before Jimmy noticed me, but it felt like hours. I couldn't believe this was happening. He looked straight at me and panic washed over his artificially tanned face. "Eva" he said startled by being caught in the act of adultery. The girl he was with gasped and turned her face away from me as if I couldn't tell who she was. Jimmy pulled himself out of her and came towards were I was standing frozen, his cock still hard and wet. "I…I am so sorry" he pleaded trying to grab my hands in his own; I wrenched them away from him and punched him as hard as I could. "Eva, Jesus!" he shouted. I had never hit anyone before it had hurt more than I expected, luckily my adrenaline was flowing through me in excess and I didn't care. "I cannot believe you!" I shouted at him as he clutched his swelling eye. "Your secretary! Are you fucking kidding me" I screamed pointing to the skinny brunette who was now gathering her things from off the floor and attempting to dress herself. Jimmy was looking from her to me, and running his hands through his short blonde hair. "I don't know what happened, Eva. I didn't mean for this to happen" I suspected he just hadn't wanted for him to get caught. I had always ignored my gut feeling that he was not being faithful. I chalked it up to trust and commitment issues. I tried to talk myself into thinking he was perfect when I knew he wasn't. Actually buried beneath the hurt and embarrassment was a small seed of relief. I had my doubts and fears about marrying him, but was talked into saying yes by everyone around me. I should have trusted myself instead. "I'm done" I said and stormed out of the room. I grabbed the keys to my car and my dog and went to the four seasons. The night then consisted of some very bad music, tears and a few bottles of wine. I just kept running over what I had done to cause him to cheat on me. I had always been supportive and loving. I rearranged my whole life for him when he was offered the position in Miami, and this was how he repaid me? So I could stand to lose a few pounds and maybe I was a little over opinionated, and big deal if I never let him do anal…you know what that was probably it, that bitch looked like she would take a dick in her ass. I huffed in frustration as I realized I tried my best to please him, without compromising myself in the process, and it just wasn't enough. I just wasn't enough. The next morning I went to the bank and emptied my account. Jimmy and I had a joint account and while I didn't make much as a therapist, he was a corporate lawyer. There was enough money to begin a new life and that was what I needed. I hated living in Florida anyway, the heat and I never mixed, me being from Chicago. I had given up my entire life, friends and career to move with my cheating fiancé. This was so humiliating; I just hoped my pride was salvageable. I was too upset to talk the night it happened but I needed to talk to my sister. Gwen was my best friend, and if anyone could make me feel better it was her. She had moved to Seattle two years ago after meeting this guy Embry while on a business trip She decided since I was moving to Florida and she was out of a roommate she might as well relocate to be closer to him. It was all very rushed and romantic, and I couldn't help but be a little jealous of her. Embry was Quileute lived on the La Push Reservation about two hours outside Seattle. Gwen had started out in Seattle but once their relationship became more serious she moved in with him. That was after he had told her he was a werewolf or shape shifter. She had thought he was crazy until he showed her. Embry turned into a giant wolf and fought off vampires. He told her she couldn't tell anyone, so naturally she called me and told me as soon as he left. I thought they were both crazy but she was so freaked out about it I realized it must be true. It took some time but we got used to it, she would call me with any vampire fighting news as I found the whole situation incredibly interesting. Embry's pack mates were not so cool with my knowing their biggest secret once they found out. But Gwen assured them, I was an Irish therapist and that made me possibly the best secret keeper in the world. I hoped it would be okay for me to stay with them for a little while. I doubted Embry would mind and I needed sister for support. Gwen answered the phone after a few rings and my plan to be brave and emotionless as I told her what happened flew out the window. As soon as she said hello I burst into a sob. "I need to come stay with you for a while" I cried. "Of course you can stay, what happened?" she answered immediately. I could tell Gwen was nervous, I had never been a crier. "I called off the engagement. Jimmy was cheating on me." I told her the whole story of how I found him in bed with his secretary and how I cleaned out the bank account. "Well he doesn't deserve you anyway. I always thought he was shady." She pointed out. Gwen was the one person in my life who never really liked Jimmy. She saw him for what he was, an asshole. "Ugh, I don't even want to explain this to mom." I groaned. I dreaded that conversation. Mom had been ecstatic when Jimmy proposed, her dreams for me consisted of marriage and lots of babies, it didn't matter if that's not what I wanted for myself. "I'll tell her." Gwen assured me. Gwen had always had a better relationship with mom than I had. I chocked it up to her being the baby of the family. "Thanks Gwennie." "Come as soon as you can. I'll have the spare room set up for you." She told me before I hung up. I went back to my and Jimmy's apartment when I knew he would be at work and packed my jewelry and personal items. I grabbed my fall and winter clothing from the back of the closet. I left the summer things; I wouldn't need them now. La Push never got very warm. The next day I was on a plane to Seattle and making a plan never to fall in love again. Gwen was waiting for me at the terminal with a hug and some alcoholic coffee. I grabbed my bags and my dog Clarence and went to load up Gwen's jeep. I hadn't realized how much I had missed her. She had come out to Miami a few times but I hadn't seen her in at least 6 months. "How are you holding up?" she asked me once we were on the highway and headed to La Push. I sighed "as well as I can be I guess. I want to just get over it you know." Gwen nodded in understanding. "Maybe you'll meet a nice Quileute man, fall madly in love and have to move here permanently." She said hopefully. "I've decided being in love is too disappointing." I smiled at her sadly " I think it'll be me myself and I from now on." Gwen reached across the column and squeezed my hand, her dark brown eyes filled with sympathy. "Just because Jimmy didn't work out, doesn't mean you should just give up completely." "Ever the romantic." I laughed at her. It was easy to be romantic when you had a man who would die for you. Unfortunately not every woman got imprinted on. "Let's not talk about now." I said needing to change the subject. "So any new wolf stories?" I asked her and she laughed at me. I loved hearing about it the Quileute boys' adventures. "Yes, actually there was some unknown vampire skulking around the woods last week." She answered. It was amazing that these things actually existed, although I kind of always thought they did. You can't find almost every culture with a similar legend and there be no truth to it. "Ooh, did they catch it?" I asked her excitedly sipping on my coffee, practically choking at the amount of whiskey in it. "No, he got away. Swam over to Canada." She answered. That was a little frightening; I really didn't want to be chomped on by a vampire. Gwen had explained to me that they were beautiful, vicious and indestructible and I was absolutely sure I never wanted to come across them without a wolf man by my side. We spent the rest of the car ride catching up and rocking out to songs on the radio. Gwen and I reached La Push at around 3 in the afternoon. I was excited because I hadn't seen her and Embry's house before. "It's kind of small, but cozy I like it." She said. We pulled into the driveway and Embry and their little Pomeranian dog Roxie came running out of the house. I felt my stomach twist up in jealousy when Embry kissed Gwen. I wasn't jealous of Embry but of the fact she had someone to love her unconditionally. They were each other's soul mates, imprint, Embry called it, some kind of wolfy perk. Gwen gently pushed him away and over at me blushing but apologetic. "Hi Eva" he said with a lopsided grin. Clarence was clawing at the car window to be let out and when I opened the door he ran out to sniff Roxie. It was cute seeing a Pitbull and a Pomeranian run around chasing each other. Embry opened the trunk and began carrying my bags into the house. "You should hire him out" I said to Gwen "You would get good money for a man like that." Gwen laughed, "men like him grow rampant around here, and besides I never wanted to become a pimp." That evening I got settled into my bedroom. She had it decorated in a cottage style that she knew I would appreciate. It was a small room with only a single bed, but it felt more like home than Jimmy's condo ever did. Gwen ordered a pizza for us and we watched movies for the rest of the night. Embry had to Patrol the forest for Vampires. I could tell Gwen was nervous for him, who wouldn't be if their lover were out fighting some vicious supernatural creature. I fell asleep on the couch to the sound of wolves howling. The next morning I woke up to Gwen yelling at someone. I threw on a robe and prepared myself to break up a fight. I love her but that girl has a temper. Gwen was in her pajamas yelling at Embry and I assumed one of his pack