A/N: Longer summary at the bottom of his chapter for those wondering if this story is worth their time. Warnings: Swearing and select adult situations, non-graphic in nature. Also in (much) later chapters there will be mention of a non-graphic rape of a female character. Nothing explicit will be described Disclaimer: All characters and plot lines relating to Harry Potter are property of J.K. Rowling. This story is based on the magical world that she created, and I am immensely grateful for her imagination because I certainly don't have one to match Harry Potter and Awakening Power Chapter 1: Acceptance is the Final Stage of Grief Jets of light lit up the dark space. He was running. Running as fast as he could and barely moving at all. He was the in the Department of Mysteries. Shouts and screams were heard but Harry's attention was captured on the raised dais. Slowly and with more grace than he had ever previously seemed to possess- Sirius Black fell. That once-handsome face frozen with a look of surprise as realization of what was about to come dawned on his godfather. Fear flooded Harry as he pushed and he pulled himself forward. Something was holding him back. He needed to get there. He needed to get to Sirius. He couldn't do it, it was too hard, he wouldn't get there in time... And suddenly he had made it. The curtain of the veil fluttered invitingly and Harry ran through as if he were a drowning man who had finally reached the surface. The dark expanse he had expected gave way to a bright sky. There was green, lush grass and cool sparkling water. It was a lake. A small family sat beside it and Harry did not think that he had ever seen a more beautiful place or a happier group of people. It was the single loveliest place that he had ever been. Peaceful and content for the first time in ages, Harry never wanted to leave. It was a moment before he even realized that he knew the people by the lake. It was Lily and James Potter, and beside them a small child, no more than a toddler. It was himself. Another person might have been confused but, instinctively, Harry understood. When we lose the people that we love a small- and at times barely noticeable- part of ourselves inevitably dies with them. He was seeing that piece of himself that he had been unable to recover until this moment- the piece of himself that had kept him from being fully whole. In the real world those missing pieces are painful and filled with bitter longing but here, the small family was nothing but content. A tall, dark man approached James with a delighted but confused smile and Harry groaned with longing. It was Sirius. Harry was startled to see that Sirius was looking better than he had ever seen him in life. He had aged from the man in his parents wedding photo- but aged well. The haunting sadness that Harry had always seen in his eyes seemed to be lightening. His face was still lined but it seemed as if moment by moment all of the pain that he had suffered was slowly been lifted from his shoulders. He was gazing at his long-deceased friend with a look of elation, happier than Harry had ever seen the man in life with the sole exception of that brief moment in time when the two of them had believed that Sirius would go free and Harry would be live with him. Despite the pure pleasure in his expression, Harry could still see that the older man did not quite understand what was happening. " Nice to see all of you again, Padfoot," James greeted his old friend with a warm smile. "I'm sorry that you've missed me all this time, but I hope that you realize now that you never missed anything here." Sirius embraced James like a brother, tears leaking out of his eyes a bit before he finally pulled back and tilted his head in confusion, "I don't know what you mean, James. What do you mean all of me? You act like I've been here all along. How is that possible?" James smiled, unlike his friend his eyes were dry. There was no conflict of emotions on his face. While Sirius appeared overwhelmed to be found in this new place, with his friend once more, James was calm and content. He shook his head and smiled as though it should have been obvious. "You're family, Sirius. A part of you was always with me. You must have known that I never left you all those years. The ones that love us never do, so why did you think for a minute that you ever left me?" Sirius hugged him once more but Harry could already see an approaching serenity to Sirius. The same peacefulness that seemed to exude from James, and Harry rather thought that the longer one was here in this place that must be something like heaven, the more content you became. Harry watched as the years seemed to fall off of Sirius, leaving him handsome once more. For the first time Harry could see the man Sirius should have been if he had been allowed to lead a peaceful, happy life. Harry was frozen, staring at the two men in a combination of shock and longing- almost convinced that neither of them could see him. Until they turned to greet him. " Harry!" James yelled, while he had greeted his oldest friend with the quiet happiness you might expect when you knew you had ages to catch up with an old friend after a long separation, he greeted his son with boyish excitement. Despite the man's obvious joy at seeing Harry, he made no move to come closer. "I love you so much, son. I have watched you. Every day I have watched you and I am so proud of the person that you've become." Harry swallowed. He wanted to say something. He wanted to move and hug his father for the first time in his… was he dead? He wasn't sure and at the moment he certainly didn't care. He was with his father and his mother… Lily's eyes were bright with unshed tears and she was staring at him with a hungry, desperate look, as though she could never look at him long enough. "You are such a kind person, Harry," his mother's voice was soft and gentle and so very warm. So different from her sister, who spoke with a shrill coldness. Her smile was bright and warm and it seemed to Harry that nothing in the world made her happier than seeing him in this moment. "You have rarely been shown or been given kindness but I see you offer it at every turn. One day I hope you realize how extraordinary that is." Harry blushed, his father was proud of him. He had said it. No one had ever said that they were proud of him before. His mother had said that he was a kind person. They thought the best of him. But…there were times that he wasn't. The idea that his parents had seen everything. Every bout of anger, every lie he had told. He could hardly believe that they were standing before him with anything like pride in their eyes. James gazed at him, his eyes serious and thoughtful. Harry suspected that the man knew exactly what he was thinking. When he spoke his voice was quiet but it was filled with understanding and patience. "We never expected you to be perfect, Harry, and quite honestly I think I would have found you quite boring if you were. Life's excitements come from our mistakes. From our regrets. I know regret can be a painful thing but no full life is complete without it. So, no Harry, you have not led a perfect life. But…you have led a good one. And most importantly, you care about people Harry. You protect them," he grinned at that. "If there was only one lesson that I was able to pass on to you in life before I died, I'm glad it was that." Lily it's him! Take Harry and run… The only memory Harry truly had of his father was of his death. Of his incredible sacrifice. Tears were spilling down Harry's face but he was unashamed. Once again he wanted to move forward and embrace them. Feel them in a real and physical way for the first time but he couldn't. And this time he finally realized that it was not due to shock that he had not moved, but because he was physically unable to take a step forward. Before he could question this development Sirius spoke and his words diverted Harry's attention thoroughly, "You're the best man that I know Harry, and believe me when I tell you that until I met you I thought that title had already been sewn up," his face sober and honest, his eyes flicked to James at the last comment but came back to him with pride. "I just wish that I had been a better godfather." " You were the best-" Harry protested. For the first time sadness graced Sirius' features, making him look closer to the Sirius he had known in life, "you give me too much credit." Harry shook his head, Sirius could never fully understand what it was that he had represented in Harry's life. He had filled a role that Harry had desperately needed. A role that would never be filled again. But now…now it wouldn't have to be filled, would it? They were here, and they were together, and it was the most perfect place that he had ever seen. " Harry you can't stay here," James said quietly, but with conviction. " But…why?" " You don't belong here," his mother agreed. " You mean a place that's bloody perfect? Where we're all happy and…and together?!" Harry yelled out, he was angry. It was unfair. Unfair that life was so hard but here… " Life is a journey Harry and yours is far from over," Lily explained. " You were so young when you died, all of you," Harry said quietly, looking at Sirius. The man had only been 36- it was strange but Harry had never given much thought to Sirius' age before. As a friend of his parents it had always seemed as though he was old enough, but now it seemed incredibly cruel to be sent to prison before his life had barely started and killed before he reached the age of 40. For the first time his godfather seemed absurdly young. Lily shook her head, "death is never fair and our time was short but it was over. Yours is not." " What if I don't want to…" Harry couldn't say it. He couldn't finish the thought that if it meant staying in this perfect place, with his family, maybe didn't want to live anymore. James smiled at him and it was at once sad and proud. "Because you do, Harry. I have watched you, my son. I have watched in awe of you as you have done the impossible again and again. I've watched you kill basilisks and battle dragons. I've watched you get embarrassed by the press and serve detention. I've watched you make friends and," James grin, "go on terrible dates," Harry winced, there were a few things a boy never wanted his parents to know about after all. "I've watched you win and I've watched you fail and in the end there is only one thing that you have never been able to do. It's the reason I'm most proud of you. Over and over again I would wait for it happen. Dreading it, expecting, and anticipating it…sometimes really wanting it. Wanting you to let go of all