Plappermouth here. Ok guys I don't own Percy Jackson.. blablabla... that's all Rick Riordans... uhm I don't own Greek mythology either... if you're wondering why then.. well then I can't help you. Also this is not gonna stay traditional Percy Jackson. So if you like adventrues and stuff then please continue reading this. If you're a stickler and want everything to be perfectly aligned with the Books then, stop. But then I don't know wha the hell you're doing on a FAN FICTION site. I did that on purpose. It's FICTION. Not real. Therefore I get to do what the hell I want :D Understood? Cool :) So for those who weren't scared off by this : Enjoy. Hi, my name is Kyra. Kyra Mist. I am 18, in my last year of High School at American Fork High and I'm also a greek demi-god. Yes, you read that right. My hobbies include fencing, swimming, gymnastics, reading and track. Are you still on the demi-god thing? Well let me tell you, it's not as fun as it may sound. Well of course there are the aspects of having freakishly cool powers, being awesome with a sword and generally rocking at ass-kicking, but there's also some bad stuff. Monsters for example. Those suckers are a bitch! Seriously! Every time I turn around, one of those guys is out to get me. That's when those powers I spoke about come in handy. You see it all started on my 18th Birthday. Surprise! Wanna hear it? If not it's too bad, cuz you're in for the ride. My head popped of my pillow at 8.20 am on my birthday, and the first thing I thought was: "Crap! I'm soooo late for school!", and so I was. Technically I lived with my mum, but she wasn't much of a mother. More a catatonic roommate… I jumped out of bed, quickly put on a black pair of jeans and a dark green t-shirt with the words YOUR FACE SUCKS written on it. Yeah not exactly classy, a remainder of my less… respectable years. I ran into the bathroom, brushed my teeth and flew out the door. Then I remembered that I'd forgotten my shoes. "Crap,crap,crap,crap!" I sprinted back inside to see my mother standing there holding my black armyboots in her hands. I was so surprised to see her standing at all that I forgot that I was in a hurry. I gently reached out to grab them from her. "Thanks mum." I kept my voice neutral, trying not to upset her. She nodded and turned toward her room then stopped, turned around and looked at me. "Is it your birthday?" Her voice was soft, dreamy and distant. I did everything in my power not to sound angry as I replied with a nod instead of the: You're the one who gave birth to me, shouldn't you know? That was burning on my tounge. "Happy Birthday." She turned around and went back into her room. I bit back the angry comment I wanted to shout after her and then suddenly remembered that I was late. "Crap,crap,crap!" I tucked on my shoes and fled out the door and onto my bike. I was super late. Of course. "Miss Mist. If you can't be bothered to show up on time then don't bother coming in here at all." Mrs. Rudolph, an elderly woman with hair pulled back so tightly, that I was convinced that it was the only thing keeping her wrinkly face from sliding right off the skull, was glaring at me, pointing towards the door. "Go to the principal." I hung my head, sighed and turned around. It was too bad; English Literature was the only class I actually enjoyed in this crappy school. I was dyslexic, so I had a hard time reading, but I still loved it. I loved the stories, the tales and especially the myths. Of course to me they weren't really myths, but history lessons. Still I liked history too, as long as it wasn't exclusively about the United States. I put my hands in my pockets and reluctantly walked towards the director's office. The principal was a short blonde woman, with as much sense of humour as a seasick crocodile and just as much of a range in facial expressions. We had this odd relationship. I told her I was sorry and she'd tell me that I was a worthless little pain in her behind and that I was only still in the school because my Grandparents paid for me. My grandparents were stinking rich and used that money to keep as much distance from my Mother and I and still seem like concerned family members. That my mom's best friend was a wine bottle didn't seem to bother them too much. They just kept sending money to me so I wouldn't starve. Now you guys already know that I'm a demi-god. I kinda started with that one, and maybe you've been assuming that I didn't know this yet on my 18th Birthday, but I did. I'd known for six years now, but I'd suspected for as long as I can remember. You see my Dad is Erebos, God of darkness and shadows. Kinda lame, I know, but it has its perks. For one: I can see in the dark. For two? I can disappear into the shadows, which is awesome when you don't wanna be seen. I know, those aren't exactly overwhelming powers, but they were good enough for me and had come in handy more than once. So there's my family: Grandparents who pay to keep me alive and at the same time as far away from them as possible, an alcoholic, catatonic Mother and a Greek-god as a Dad. Tadaaa! I doubted that I had the worst story in the history, but I was pretty sure it had to rank pretty high with weirdest? Well it didn't matter. I was used to it. That was the reason why I did so much sports and why I'd taken up fencing. It came in pretty useful when you had to defend your life against a couple of monsters that were trying to eat you for dinner. Slowly, hesitantly I knocked on the Principals door, hoping that she wasn't there. I was disappointed, of course. "Come in." I sighed and opened the door. "Miss Mist…again." Her voice made it clear that I was her absolute favourite person. Not! "Hello ." She motioned for me to come in and I did, praying that she wasn't going to tear my head off. "To what do I owe the pleasure?" If there were an award for using the maximum amount of sarcasm on only one word, she'd have gotten it for her 'pleasure'. "I was late for English Literature." "Again." I opened my mouth to say something, but she didn't let me. "Sit down. We have matters to discuss." I slowly sat down into the brown armchair she had opposite of her desk. It was uncomfortable low, making me seem shorter than her, although in reality I was at least half a head taller. "You're in your Senior year am I right?" I nodded, trying not to roll my eyes. "To be frank with you? I do not know how you made it this far." Ouch. That hurt! "Your grades are average, at best, your attendance even worse and do not let me get started on that attitude of yours. Miss Mist, you are expelled." I jumped up. "What?! You can't do that!" I was glaring down at her, but she just sat there, her hand neatly folded on the desk, looking at me. "I can and I just did. We both know that it was just your grandparents' generous contributions to the school, which kept us from doing that. They have ceased to come in this year, and so we see no reason to keep you around any longer. You are expelled, now go clear out your locker." She started sorting through some papers, while I still stood there, staring at her in disbelief. She couldn't be serious! I was so close! So close to being done with High School, so close to be free to go wherever I wanted. I balled my hand into fists and turned to leave when she suddenly said something. "Oh and Happy Birthday." I slammed the door shut on my way out. I entered the hallway only to find a middle aged guy in a wheelchair waiting for me. "Oh no!" I said and stormed past him. "No,no,no, no! This day has sucked enough already! I do NOT need you showing up here too." I was pissed! This was exactly what I did not need just now. "Kyra wait!" Chiron called, but I just kept on walking, heading towards my locker. He followed me and I did my best to ignore him. "Kyra. We need to talk." I slammed my locker door open and started packing my few belongings into my backpack. "No. We do not need to talk! I've said all I had to say to you five years ago. My opinion hasn't changed. I'm not coming to this blasted camp of yours and that's my final word." I couldn't believe he was even asking me this. "Things are different now. You know that." His voice was kind and gentle, but I wasn't falling for that crap. So they'd won the war, big Deal. How did that change anything for me? I took a deep breath and turned to look him in the eyes. Even in his wheelchair he was tall, tall enough to look me straight in the eye. "Chiron. That camp isn't for me. I wouldn't even have a home there, and besides, I need to stay." For my mother. He knew without me saying it that that's what I meant. I couldn't leave her, not in the state she was in. He gently put a hand on my shoulder. "I know. But you're in danger. More now than ever. There's been a prophecy." I yanked my arm away. A prophecy? Was he freaking kidding me?! He dared to come to me about a prophecy, that was rich… "You need to go", I said as coldly as I could. "Kyra…" he tried, but I interrupted him. "Go." I was close to tears now and I did not want him to see them, so I stuck my head in my locker, pretending to be looking for something. It was a lame disguise, my locker was empty, but I didn't care. When I closed my locker he was gone and I sighed in relief. The bell was about to ring and I didn't want to be there when it did. For the last time ever I walked out the doors of American Fork High School. Despite everything, it had still felt like home. The worst of my day was yet to come. I hope you weren't expecting a happy tale, because it's not, or at least my past isn't. You see, despite everything that had, and was yet to happen on this day, it wasn't the worst birthday I had ever had. Not by a long shot. My worst birthday had been six years ago… But more of that later. I knew something was off the second I walked in the door and smelled the scent of freshly baked bread. I hesitantly called out "Mom?" but there was no answer. I didn't even take off my shoes, I was too irritated, and walked into the kitchen. My mom was standing there, facing the wall, a knife in her hand, cutting carrots. She was wearing nice shoes, a floral print dress and her hair was in a neat bun. I felt a sinking sensation in the pit of my stomach. She hadn't gotten dressed properly in six years, not unless I'd forced her too. I slowly walked up to her and tapped her shoulder. "Mom?