Disclaimer: The Hunger Games is the badass, twisted brainchild of Suzanne Collins. Make sure to leave a dollar on her bed stand altar on your way out. This story (and forthcoming series of stories) is rated T/M for strong language (I've been married to the military far too long to not have a mouth) and implied but not explicit violence and implied canonical, non-consensual sexual conduct. Spoilers are for both books and films, although I'm trying to keep this more book-centric. Author's Note: So this is my first real foray into the world of THG, brought to you by Jeremy Jordan's phenomenal belting of Raise a Little Hell from Bonnie and Clyde , too many sleepless nights after plowing through THG, and my sister-in-law, who promised me I'd be okay once I got through the first book. I still think she lied to me, but I've come to love THG for the world Ms Collins didn't have the POV-ability to tell us about. I hope I can do it justice. Thanks to sabaceanbabe for all of her encouragement and taking it easy on me. Rock on, Sunshine! Thank you for your time, whether you tell me about it or not. Enjoy! - Six 69 (Killer Heels and Homebrew, The Stuff Dreams Are Made Of) by That Girl Six I was angry with my friend: I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. — William Blake Realization slapped her then, rough and unwelcome: wishing, rough or otherwise, couldn't make either of them disappear. Certainly not Johanna, not when she wasn't entirely sure she hadn't disappeared the moment she used her axe for something besides the trees. And definitely not him. The universe wasn't, in her experience, that kind. The way the cool, steady jackass crouched there said he had no intention of going anywhere. Jackass. Oh, how she wished she could disappear. But him? Finnick Odair? Nosy Boy was still talking at her, this I know there isn't a damn thing I can do for you, you poor little fool look plastered on his face. Everything she'd done to avoid seeing that look in people's eyes now for a year was blown. Yeah, she knew she'd only imagined it before sometimes, but seeing it for real in up (too) close and personal color in this man's strange eyes? The pity was even more horrible than she'd dreaded it would be. And yet, there she was. Not moving. Not reacting. Not telling him to buzz off. Not disappearing and not not disappearing. Damn it all to her grotesquely bedazzled hell! "Hadunat." Talking, talking, every time she saw this guy he was talking. How anyone got a word in edgewise with him and all the talk talk talk was beyond her. And no, she hadn't heard a word he'd said — not to be rude or not listen or anything. It was kinda hard to hear around the screaming rush in her ears. All-too-expressive face aside, she didn't have a clue what he was saying, but she hoped it was soothing — hands, nails, too rough, too many, no hands, get your hands off me — because soothing was something she could actually use right about now. But then his mouth stopped yap-yap-yapping as he cocked his head to the side, which only made her want to puke all over his suit because there he was, studying her, the slab of spoiled meat the arena spewed back out when it gnawed all the good parts down to the bone. So she did. Puke, that is, only not on his suit. That would be rude. Johanna tipped more than leaned over to the side, ridiculously lush blood-red carpet be damned, and hacked up something resembling chili a couple times. By the time she was empty, her throat ached behind clacking teeth, but all the fight seemed to have oozed out her toes. Breathing felt mostly normal. Arms and legs woke up without the Hey, we're sleeping here! pain. Good stuff. Dizzy was still the word of the day, but even that wasn't as bad as it had been. "Hey?" She nodded. Yep, she heard him that time. Bully for her. "Better. Come with me." That's it? All that talk-talk- talk ing, and all the one and only Finnick Odair could scrounge up was Come with me ? How disappointing. Oh, and a hand. Palm up and open. All she had to do was reach out and take it. Funny how she'd heard that about a lot of things the last few days. (Reach out and take it, bitch.) Had it really only been days? (I didn't wait around this whole year for you to look at it like a dimwit virgin, slut. Now take it.) Maybe Capitol time ran differently than District time? Add it to the list of mindfucks to unsettle the tributes and their mentors before hitting the arena? Maybe? (Don't you play innocent with me. I saw you in that arena. That trick is gone. Now use that hand before I make you use that filthy mouth. Take it. Take —) Hell to the baking brimstone, no. Disgusted, Johanna darted her eyes around for somewhere, anywhere to get her hands off the carpet, but everything touched something Capitol. Like her beady, shiny getup. Like her cemented-to-the-nines hair. Like that hand. His hand. Her hand. All of it, Capitol. Fellow victor or not, Finnick Odair's hand wasn't a concession she was willing to take or make right now, but he had bothered to stop. The Finnick Odair. A minimum of four other people had stepped around her that she was aware of before he plopped his yappy ass barely outside striking distance. Standard Victor Procedure, she assumed. And why not? None of them were her friends. Call them the faces of the Games she'd known forever, announced and victored and forever known as first and last names, but that was all they were. And yet, The Finnick Odair had stopped and held his hand out. With his perennially television-ready smile in place, he did it right next to a pile of whatever it was she couldn't remember having for dinner. Gross. One hand. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad. Anything to get away from the mess, right? He hovered next to her elbow until she stood a little less like a three-year-old in her first pair of ice skates. Now, that? That would be a lot more fun than this right now. Grammers always talked about that day as if it were the best thing to ever happen to them. So cold and new with the hot chocolate and the sun peeking through snowy gray and the smell of the pine trees shielding the ice. Perfect. But Grammers wasn't here with her hand at Johanna's elbow to keep her from cracking her head on the ice (cedar bench) because no hand could keep her from falling (failing) now, not in this place without pine trees that reeked of puke. That this man's hand waited there was something she could almost pretend wasn't so creepy crawlies on her skin bad. She didn't know him any more than he knew her, no more than anyone else who watched her Games thought they knew her. He was smiling for her, though. Not at her or through her, but for her. Because she maybe needed a smile in this place where every one of them has killed someone and has to teach other children to do the same. A smiling hand out. It was something, right? Something maybe a little less awful than the rest of her day? She could do this. Nothing to be afraid of here. She'd already won. Reciprocate. All she needed to do. Maybe a little ounce of bravery would be nice, too. No, not bravery. She'd done that already. Reciprocate. A little thanks for stopping by for the one person to treat her like, well, a person, right? Screw the mess. Johanna Mason, Reigning Victor, looked The Finnick Odair in the eyes. With a twitch of that smile, he and his hand moved far enough out of reach for Johanna to feel both the loss and some semblance of safety. Both his fists punched open the anteroom door out into the stairwell. And it was a punch, really, violent in the strain of his shoulders and clenched jaw. His heat evaporated as soon as the door opened enough for him to hold it for her and half bow her through. She'd noticed that the last few days, the way everything seemed to be caught in flashes and whooshes and the smokiest of whispers. Zip down the hall, jerk the stomach with the elevator going up, snap with the slightest sound of a door closing too hard behind. Fury in laughter, friendship in smacks upside the head that may or may not concuss. Burst. Emotion. Bang. Snap crackle pop. How awful was she to hope her night went the same way? Bang and all done? Because this was the last night outside the arena twenty-three kids just like she'd once been would ever see, and yet she'd trade every one of these last hours away from them to get through her version of it all. All she wanted was to get it over with before it even started. It wasn't like these kids could die fast enough to save her now. Fuck, she was an asshole of the lowest order. No, she was a survivor of a special order. Asshole. Survivor. Both. Can't be one without the other, right? Johanna smacked her hand hard enough to bruise on the push bar on the way past her new escort. Escort. Would it be inappropriate to laugh at that one, too? The laughter was gone before it got too far — wouldn't want to hear any of that around here — trapped under Johanna's somehow bloodied nails. That random, Hey, where'd the blood come from sort of thing had put her on her knees more than once, but this time she merely stopped, mesmerized at the streaks up the inside of her arm. Since when did her blood glitter? Seriously, when did she become so Capitol that her own blood had gone glitzy? "Still with me?" The Boy Who Couldn't Leave Well Enough Alone took the lead up the stairs, skipping them two at a time with his head always craned to spot up over the railing toward the next flight. He didn't need to see where he was apparently, because his feet sure knew exactly where to go. Johanna's feet, on the other hand, weren't communicating with her wobbly ankles and locking knees at all. She slipped a few times until she remembered, hey, that's what railings are for, moron. Of course, she paid for her steel grip the next time her toes slipped out from under her like she was dumb enough to have Cinderella's nimrod shoe stylist by banging her elbow on the lead pipe good and hard. Up ahead Prince Charming stopped, but he didn't bother to glance cockeyed over his shoulder at her. Prince Charming took good notes the day they taught Even Ladies Curse 101 in prince school. Good for him. Six flights later, they bopped through another door out onto what Johanna could only think was a small piece of paradise. It was all so immaculate, so square, so Capitol, but the gardens blooming out of perfectly aligned concrete planters were magnificent. After the last few days she'd begun to wonder, but there it was. Proof: Panem could still create something beautiful. Around it hung an impossible price tag, but it was beautiful. Inches out of arm's reach, he waved an Anybody Home? hand in front of her face. She couldn't help slapping at it, what with the strange sheen and overpowering scent of patchouli oil. Laughter at her — her, The Johanna