This is a not so short one-shot featuring Kingsley and Hermione. There are lemons ahead and this will be simply a one shot. I love these two together in most stories I have read featuring them. This was a plot bunny floating around and here it finally is. Many thanks to the wonderful LadyWinterlight for being an amazing beta with this. I could not have finished this without her and appreciate all the help! Enjoy and comments and kudos are appreciated! If anyone had asked Kingsley Shacklebolt, years later, when he had first noticed Hermione Granger, he would have given the appropriate answer which was when she came to consult at the Ministry during her apprenticeship at Saint Mungo's. She had visited one of the offices a floor down from his office as Minister of Magic and they had ended up riding in a lift together with her boss. In reality Kingsley had first noticed the stunning muggleborn witch when she was going into her fifth year and he truly saw her for the first time as a young woman. He had attended a party to celebrate her and the youngest Weasley boy becoming prefects at Hogwarts. The party had doubled as an impromptu Order meeting but Kingsley had not been able to focus on any Order business that night because he had been entranced. He thankfully was an auror and had the training to at least be somewhat subtle, but more than few times that night people had caught him not paying attention to conversations he was supposedly involved in. Thankfully no one had been able to see just what had distracted the normally unflappable man so. Looking back, it had been and still was totally inappropriate for him to have noticed her when she was so young. Thanks to her use of a time-turner her third year - where Albus got some of his more barmy ideas, Kings still had no idea - she had at least been sixteen. Old enough to make her own decisions but young enough to make Kingsley feel like a complete letch. Still, she had been like a ray of sunlight in a foggy, grey London Morning: breaking through and lighting up the room with her smiles and laughter. In her fetching and quite frankly lovely tight jeans and vintage muggle band tee shirt, she had reminded Kings so much of a young witch he had loved right out of school. He hadn't been ready to settle down at the time and had been slightly broken hearted that his little witch at the time had moved away to continue her study at the Salem Institute. Even more so when he had heard she had met a Wizard who was willing to bond and give her the family she had so wanted. Kingsley had known at the time that he could not and was not willing to do that. He had known in his bones that Riddle would be back eventually and that when he returned his life and Wizarding Britain would be no place to raise children. Kingsley had known that he was half in love with Hermione Granger. It had truly hit him when she had, with some hesitation, hopped on the Therestal behind him despite her obvious reticence to be up in the air. She had, during their initial mounting and flight, made some of the cutest noises he had ever heard; it had been especially adorable to him that they were Hermione's voice but in the body of Harry Potter. He hadn't minded one bit as she clung to him for dear life and battled like a warrior queen shooting hexes that were just as vicious as the ones being shot at her. Her smell, even disguised as Harry, was one that he had gotten a whiff of as they had landed and recognized it as his Amortentia scent. He had searched far and wide for the mixture of lavender, old leather and ink. It was unique, it was pure and it was clearly this little witch. She had been of age then, but Kingsley had held back. It had nearly driven him insane with worry when the Ministry fell and she had gone on the run with Harry and Ron Weasley. He had wanted to throttle the red headed prat when he had learned the weakling had left his witch and Harry all alone in the middle of Merlin-knew-where. The torture that Hermione had endured at the hands of Bellatrix had not escaped Kingsley's notice either. When he had gotten even the scantest of details of what had happened at Malfoy Manor at the hands of that lunatic, he personally went and thanked Molly again for ridding the world of that blight. He only wished he could have done it himself. Still Kingsley kept back even after the War and the Final Battle. He had watched Hermione struggle as a 19-year old trying to grasp onto some semblance of having a normal school year at Hogwarts, one where she and her friends weren't constantly fighting for her life. He could understand her wanting to just be a student and focus on her studies. He had been distracted by his appointment as the interim Minister of Magic but he had never lost track of what his little witch was doing. He honestly didn't even know if Hermione had really ever noticed him but he still watched from afar. He had practically burst with pride when she was heralded for having the highest number of NEWTs since the founders themselves. It had come to no surprise to Kings that they were all O's; he would have expected nothing less from his Hermione. He was slightly horrified, however, at how she had nearly worked herself to the bone to achieve that honor. It hadn't helped that while she was working hard to achieve those scores and finish her schooling in memory of what her parents would have wanted, she had been carrying her best friend and quasi-boyfriend through the testing portion of their auror training. Ron Weasley had been lucky that was no longer his department and he was no longer helping with training. Seeing how the redhead had taken advantage of Hermione had started a burning rage in Kingsley that would have made auror training all but impassable for the slovenly, dimwitted young man. Weasley had later proved how dimwitted he was when he had been caught with his trousers around his ankles in the back of the Leaky, of all places, with some idiot witch who was clearly a "Golden Trio Groupie" as Hermione had called the harpies. While Hermione had not caught him in the act, a photographer for the Daily Prophet had and, as he had learned the muggles said, a picture was truly worth a thousand words. The Prophet had several thousand words blaring across the front page of the evening edition that night. Hermione had handled the situation publicly with the grace of a queen. She had never given comment and hadn't publicly disgraced Ron or any of the other Weasleys - some of whom, Kingsley had never understood why, t had taken the side of their idiot brother/son. In fact, she never publicly addressed the issue again. She had put her head down and gone into her apprenticeship like nothing had happened. Privately however, Kingsley had been immensely proud at some of the creative hexes Hermione had sent Ron's way when he had tried to explain the situation. He had to resist hexing the idiot himself one day while entering the Ministry. Kingsley was on his way to another mindless meeting, when he heard the loud, boisterous and grating voice of Ron Weasley on his way to training. Kingsley wanted to growl when he heard Ron mouthing off to Harry, who was supposedly a friend of Hermione, about what a frigid bitch she was. All the idiot ginger seemed to see Hermione for was a warm body and most of his complaints had been about how she wouldn't sleep with him. Ron acted like she had all but forced him into to sleeping with the slag. He frankly hadn't been that impressed with Harry, either, when he didn't hear the boy speak up for the woman who had saved his skin probably more times than either of the other two idiots who made up the Golden Trio could count. Still Kingsley held back. He held out hope that at various Ministry events and functions he would be able to start actually chatting with the witch who had held his attention for years, but she frequently would show up looking stunning, stay for a socially acceptable amount of time and then sweep out occasionally gracing him with a dazzling smile. Even rarer they would share polite and basic conversation. It was initially nothing more than superficial trivialities about the weather or rebuilding efforts. He was clinging to hope that she would one day leave an opening for him to make a move. When they had shared a lift earlier that year, the time that he would admit to most she had captured his attention, she had been set his blood on fire by simply brushing their hands by accident. He knew she had felt something as well, if her gasp was any indication. The beautiful blush that had been high on her cheeks also reassured him that he wasn't the only one that had felt that shock. He simply continued to look forward and grin. He knew her brilliant and inquisitive mind would seek him out about that spark. Kingsley Shacklebolt had never loved magic more than when that spark had been felt because that was what that feeling had to be. Pure magic. After a few weeks, the time that Kingsley had hoped, prayed and imagined had finally arrived. He had told his secretary to let him know, no matter what meeting he was in, if Miss Granger stopped by. He had said it was under the guise of important Mungo's business. He doubted he had fooled his very sharp if slightly elderly secretary, Lyra; a witch who had fought with the Order and had been widowed during the second war. When he had said the name 'Hermione Granger' and 'let me know immediately' with his quiet, frankly subpar excuse, she had rolled her eyes, smiled like his mother when she had been alive and matchmaking, and agreed. Thankfully he had retreated into his office before Lyra caught his blush. When Lyra's magical memo announcing Hermione had arrived and was hoping to pop in and see him, it had interrupted a inordinately boring meeting with the head of the International Gobstones Federation. He had wrapped up the meeting in a most likely offensively-quick manner and had ushered the flustered wizards and witches, who apparently had many more very important points to make about an upcoming tournament, out of his office. He had asked them to put their concerns in a memo and promised to see to them personally. If he thought it would get them out of his office faster, he would have made bloody gobstones the official sport of Wizarding England. He had looked around his slightly cluttered office and with a flick of wand tried to freshen things up and get rid of the odd smell of the half-eaten sandwich he had for lunch earlier that day. For the first time in as long as he could remember, Kingsley Shacklebolt felt more nervous than a fourth year asking the popular girl to the upcoming Hogsmeade weekend and that was before he had even seen Hermione. He walked out into the lobby of his office and the vision she presented stole his breath away. In a prim and fitted navy blue muggle suit with sensible but feminine high heels, Hermione was a goddess. He doubted many witches in the building could so effortlessly pull of such a chic and quite frankly sexy muggle look