The Siege of Mirkwood Hi, this is my first fanfic and I'm really nervous about posting it. English is not my first language so I have limited expression (which is really sad) and some of the expressions might sound a little essay-ish. I read a ton of fanfics from this site and I respect all the writers and their creativity and skill. I hope you enjoy reading my story as well. I really really love The Lord of the Rings and Tolkien's creativity. I respect all people that express their ideas through words or art because the ability to be able to express an infinite web of ideas excites me. I guess that's why I find Tolkien's books really fascinating. I found out a couple of days before I came up with this story that Lothlorien battled Dol Guldur three times before Galadriel destroyed it completely. Dol Guldur also attacked Mirkwood once, but there weren't many details about it. So, I thought, 'What if Dol Guldur succeeded in conquering Mirkwood? What would happen then?' Also, I'm a little crazy over Thranduil right now because of the Hobbit movies so I wanted to do a story with a lot of Thranduil in it. Because we all love him right? Also, although it's a story with a LOT of elves, I don't know any elvish so I'm not going to put many elvish sentences in this story. Maybe a few words I know, but no sentences. Sorry about that. The names are also from name generators from the Internet so bear with me even if they sound a little awkward. Ps. I've heard that nobody really knows the real names of the Nazgul? I'm going to use the commonly known but not exactly official names for them. Please correct me if I'm wrong. Summary: After failing to destroy Lothlorien, Dol Guldur decides to switch tactics and attack Thranduil's palace. Defeated and kept prisoner in his own kingdom, will Thranduil be able to repel the evil back? Will anybody be able to save the woodland realm? Rated T for some torture scenes in the future I do not own Lord of the Rings or any other works of Tolkien! Prologue " And it is also said, 'Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both no and yes." - Frodo Baggins The orcs stomped violently through the beautiful forest of Lothlorien, numbers lessened by the elves but still numerous enough to put up a fight on the return journey to Dol Guldur. They had just lost the battle with the Golden Woods and were retreating quickly at the call of their master. Behind them, they could almost hear the rustle of leaves and the twang of bows as the elves of Lorien pursued them, shooting them down like game. Here and there, orcs and wargs fell squealing, penetrated with white feathered shafts. Their comrades growled at the frustration of having to stumble over dead bodies and at the fact that they were forced to run away from the cursed archers. A few stopped to turn around and shoot blindly into the trees in the hope that at least one arrow would catch an elf, but they ended up embedded with three more upon halting. " Daro [stop] ," the elf in front whispered, too low for any orc to hear. The pursuing elves halted immediately upon hearing their captain's order, and watched the orcs continue to trample east through the forest. Although the orcs noticed the elves had stopped shooting, they dared not stop to look back. "Why are we stopping Haldir? We can easily kill many more of those horrid creatures. Our arrows are plenty," one elf inquired, glaring at the retreating orcs' backs with his piercing eyes. "It is not the arrows I am concerned about Rumil," said Haldir. "The orcs are almost out of our borders, and it is unnecessary to follow them any further unless you wish to go all the way to the dark fortress with them. Instead, we should go back to Caras Galadhon and inspect the damage they have done." Rumil hated the idea of having to allow the orcs to continue fouling the air with their presence, but he knew the captain was right. The forest had suffered greatly from Dol Guldur's assault that night. The attack was so sudden that they would not have been prepared had a patrol not spotted an orc hurrying from one place to another. Probably a lone scout accidentally spotted. When the orc army finally attacked, they came in such strong torrents that the warriors had a hard time keeping them from coming into the golden city. The trees screamed from the fire that was consuming them from the roots. Elves were falling from their positions high up in the trees, shot by black arrows laced with poison. It was horrible to look at, but the warriors desperately defended their home despite the overwhelming number of orcs. It was almost hopeless, but before the foul beings could completely taint Caras Galadhon with their fire and dirty feet, Galadriel descended from her tree and used her ring of power, Nenya, to drive away the beasts. The orcs had not heard of Nenya, a ring so powerful that only Sauron himself could hope to overthrow it, so they scattered like cockroaches in fear of whatever sorcery the elf queen was conjuring. It was a sure victory, but the elves also had lost a lot of lives in the process. When the wardens returned from their pursuit, they were dismayed at what they found. Golden leaves lay blackened on the ground and many more were falling down along with ashes from withering trees. Here and there elves rushed about carrying the wounded or the dead. It was a pitiful sight and it broke all hearts to witness it. "Captain Haldir, you have returned. What news do you bring?" Haldir turned toward the speaker and bowed before the Lord of Lothlorien. The Lord looked tired and disheveled. His blond hair had a grayish tint from the snowing ashes, and his hands and clothes were stained dark-red with the blood of the wounded. "Lord Celeborn. We have chased away the remaining orcs out of the borders of our lands and killed many more along the way. Fortunately, no more casualties were made on our side." "That is good to hear. Unfortunately the damage has already been done. Many are suffering from wounds and loss. Luckily, if I dare say so, only the surrounding woods have been badly damaged and the main city remains almost untouched." Haldir looked around sadly at his ruined, once beautiful home. "How does the Lady fare?" he asked. "She is tired, but she will be all right after rest. Using the ring takes a great toll on her." Haldir nodded, wished the Lord and the Lady well, and took his leave to help clean the mess. His brothers Rumil and Orophin followed after. Haldir had a lot on his mind. Something wasn't right, but he couldn't point out what was so strange about the assault. It was horrible, but they had gained relatively easy victory overnight. Over just one night. Haldir didn't think Dol Guldur would have launched an attack so recklessly only to have it beaten back so quickly. In fact, there was only one wave of attack throughout the whole assault. There were no reinforcements, new weapons, or even a new breed of orc. Orophin noticed his brother's distress and confronted him about it. "What troubles you brother? You've been quite silent since we parted with Lord Celeborn." "Am I that obvious? I thought I hide my emotions well. Actually I was just thinking about last night…" Orophin gave Haldir's shoulder a sympathetic squeeze and said, "We all are. Don't worry, the woods will be back to its original beauty soon enough. We just have to be strong and endure." Haldir smiled back and squeezed Orophin's hand on his shoulder. "I am not worried about the woods never regaining their beauty. I was actually confused by the assault itself. Did you notice, Orophin? Rumil? The assault ended fairly quickly. Look, the moon hasn't even gone down yet. The orcs attacked at dawn yet dawn is still upon us." "That is because the Lady used her powers to repel the foul beasts," said Rumil. "Yes, that is so. But do you really think that the enemy underestimated us so much that they would send only one wave of assault to bring down all of Lorien? The orcs may be mindless servants, but their masters are not. That force was only big enough to cause some destruction, but was not really meant for a siege." Horror dawned on Orophin's face. "Do you think that they were trying to weaken our defenses then? Will there be another assault?" "Maybe so, but I think they were testing us. Testing our defenses. Our strengths, our weaknesses. Trying to see what they are up against. Preparing for a bigger battle perhaps," Haldir said. "That is ill news. We must report it to the Lord and the Lady at once," said Orophin. "That, I will do. Do not worry for it is just a hunch. Scout the area once more in case there are any lurking orcs nearby." And with that, Haldir hurried off toward Celeborn and Galadriel's chambers. Galadriel called him inside even before he knocked. "Something troubles you captain." It was a statement, not a question. Haldir inclined his head in acknowledgement. "My Lady. I am suspicious of the motives for tonight's assault. The orcs were," he hesitated, "easily pushed back." He could not push away the images of the burnt mallorn trees and the fallen bodies of elves and call the battle 'easy.' Galadriel looked at him with knowing eyes. She did not look surprised, but although she looked serene, Haldir could see the worry that lingered. "I have contemplated that myself as well. I did not want to use Nenya for fear of revealing too much to the enemy," Galadriel gazed at her ring and Haldir glanced over to where the ring would be on her finger, but for him, it looked like nothing more than starlight, "but I was forced to do so," she looked back into Haldir's eyes. "You suspect that the enemy was testing us." Haldir nodded. "I believe they were trying our strengths and defenses in preparation for a bigger battle or whatever plan they hold for the future." "I too thought it was odd that no darker force than orcs attempted to breach our defenses. Alas, I am not certain of the exact motives of the enemy, but I know this: a shadow is stirring in Dol Guldur. It is becoming darker and more active. I fear the enemy is planning something. I keep feeling that something is amiss though I do not know what," Galadriel sounded almost frustrated. "Send a message to Elrond and Thranduil. They should be warned of whatever darkness approaches," she told Haldir. Haldir nodded and immediately went to look for two messengers he could send. A tall, black, cloaked figure stood looking out into the night on the topmost tower of the dark fortress Dol Guldur. He was one of the nine, the Nazgul; second in command to Sauron after the Witch King of Angmar, and was sent back to Dol Guldur to revive the fortress. He was so shrouded in shadow that it was difficult to tell whether he was not a part of it. He didn't turn or move as the Uruk-hai captain in charge of the Lorien assault came stomping in. "What have you to report?" The Nazgul asked menacingly to the captain, Barash, who stood behind him. Barash stood stoically but that didn't mean that his master didn't terrify him. He wanted to get away from this spot as quickly as possible. "The Elf Witch. She used some kind of sorcery. My men were