Hello friends. Yeah. So, new story. This is actually the first story that I've put a lot of planning and thought into. It's kind of my baby right now. I honestly don't remember what I was watching that made me think of this, but I know I was watching something, because that's how I come up with all my story ideas. If I think of it, I'll let you know. Anyway, I really hope you guys enjoy this one. It's something I've been working on while I'm having a terrible case of writer's block on ACH. It's on hiatus for now, so apologies for that. I will try my hardest to come back to it. But this story was a plot bunny that I had to work on, because it just wouldn't shut up. It's a little angsty and definitely a story about hurt and growing up and finding your way in life. Romance will come later, I promise. Okay, enough rambling. I'll see you lovelies at the bottom! Disclaimer: I am not Stephanie Meyer, obvi. I don't own Twilight, the characters, or any other publicly recognizable entities. All I really own is several thousand dollars in student loans. Go college! Chapter One MOST OF THE TIME I'm clear focused all around Most of the time I can keep both feet on the ground I can follow the path I can read the sign Stay right with it when the road unwinds I can handle whatever I stumble upon I don't even notice she's gone Most of the time. -Bob Dylan It's a Monday morning. I can just feel it. I've been on vacation for the last week, spending the last of the summer home with my favorite person, but I've got to go back to work this morning. The urge to reach over and hit the snooze button on my alarm clock is strong, and I'm just about to reach my arm over to shut off the damned beeping, when my door creaks open and little feet pad across the wood flooring of my bedroom. There will be no snoozing this wake up call, so I steel myself for the morning that's about to officially begin. My eyes are still closed and I'm trying to keep my last remnants of sleep when a fifty pound body crawls its way on top of me and presses its soft little face into mine. "Mommy. You need to wake up. I have school today." I can't help but chuckle at the urgency and seriousness in his little voice. I obviously know he has school today, since my alarm is going off much earlier than need be if I just had to get to work. His school starts about half an hour earlier than I have to be in the office, though, so that means I have to wake up about an hour and a half earlier. Six year old boys are hard to wrangle into eating, brushing their hair and teeth, getting dressed, and into the car in anything less than an hour and a half. Not to mention the stop at our local coffee shop that has become a bad habit. I'm obviously not feeding my six year old a latte, but he enjoys hot chocolate and non-caffeinated drinks. I've created a monster; I know it. "I'm awake, baby, I promise," I tell him, even though my voice is still thick with sleep. I am awake, though. I have to be with him being the morning person that he is. I blame his father for that trait. My heart clenches at that the reminder of his father, but I push it away before it can escalate into anything more than an errant, passing thought. I roll over and grab my son in an embrace and pant a kiss on his head. He giggles and the pain in my heart leaves, replaced by a feeling of unending joy. This little boy makes me incredibly happy. "Go hop in the shower while I make breakfast, okay?" My suggestion that's more of an order gets me a little whine and a huff of indignation, but he gets up and does as I say. When do boys get to the age when they start actually like taking showers again? Because he loved baths until about three, and he's hated bathing ever since. It's a fight to get him into the shower some days. Luckily, he's too excited about school today to do more than huff and complain. As soon as I hear the shower going, and get myself out of my bed, which is already calling for me to come back and lie in it. I ignore it as best as I can, and stretch instead, trying to wake myself up before heading into the kitchen to make breakfast. I make four slices of frozen waffles and spread butter on them while they're still warm. I set our plates on the table, along with the bottle of syrup. I then set to work slicing up some of the strawberries I just bought at the store a few days ago. I try not to be one of those mothers that only feeds her kid over processed, sugary foods in the mornings, so I figure fresh fruit might help to balance out the Eggos. My little boy comes into the kitchen, dressed only in his little boxers, just as I'm pouring two glasses of orange juice. I can't help but laugh at his attire, knowing he only does it because he still isn't quite sure to pick out matching clothes, and he doesn't want to get dressed after a shower just for me to put him in a new outfit after breakfast. I place a kiss on his still damp hair before settling into the seat beside him. I reach out to help him cut his waffles, but he shoos me away, insisting that he's going to figure it our for himself before Halloween. I just smile and let him hack away at his waffles with a butter knife. He eventually gets them into pieces, but it pretty much looks like a waffle massacre on his plate. He's obviously proud of himself, though, and beams at me, two of his teeth missing on the bottom, when he tells me that he did it. "Good job, baby," I tell him, smiling. "You're only going to get better at it." I pour syrup over his little rippy-bits, since I still don't trust him to not drown the waffles if he pours himself. It's happened before. Never again. We eat as he tells me all about how excited he is for the new year and getting to see who's in his class. He knows his best friends from the last year, Benjamin and Alyssa, are going to be in his class again, but Seattle is a big city, and we both know that people can come and go. Even though we live in a small suburb just outside of the city, his elementary school is right in the heart of it, just a ten minute drive from my work. "You know first grade is going to be different from kindergarten, right?" I ask as I'm cleaning up our dishes. He's just finishing up his glass of orange juice as he contemplates my question, his eyes turning pensive for a moment. So much like his father. "Yeah, I know, Mommy. I'm a big kid, now." He says it so matter-of-factly that I can't help but smile. I'm always laughing and smiling around this kid, and I'm so thankful for him. "Okay, baby. Go to your room; I'll meet you there in a second." He scurries off, and almost immediately I hear him rustling around in something. When I enter his room after putting the dishes in the washer, I see him going through the contents of his Spider-Man backpack. Again. This is about the tenth time—that I know about—that he's done this since we got him all his supplies last Thursday. He's very excited about having big kid supplies. I went a little crazy with the pencils and crayons and folders and things, but I couldn't help it. He was so excited about all this stuff and getting back to school, I had to be excited about it, too. I pick out clothes for him to wear while he rummages through his things. I lay out a pair of jeans, a plaid button-up shirt, a pair of black socks, his new pair of black Vans, and a light sweater, just in case. It's reaching the end of summer, and the temperature is starting to cool off here in Washington. I don't want him to get cold and have no way of warming up. I'm sure he'll be a sweaty mess by the end of recess, but you never know. "Hon, it's time to get dressed," I tell him. He zips up his backpack and hops over to me. The only help he really needs anymore is pulling up his pants, because his balance isn't the best, and that trait is definitely all me. Sorry, kid. Once I've gotten his pants buttoned, I let him run off to watch TV while I get ready for work. Boomerang has all the classics on at this time in the morning, and I'm thankful he likes to watch those instead of the God awful shows they try to pass off to kids nowadays. Nowadays. Like I'm fifty or something. Being a parent definitely ages you well beyond your years. I quickly brush my teeth and wash my face before changing out of my pajamas, because there are no guarantees that I won't get toothpaste and water everywhere. Looking at the mess my hair has become from sleeping on it, I huff and throw it up in a bun, since there's no way I'm going to be able to tame it into anything presentable if I leave it down. And while I'm not face-to-face with clients for a majority of the day, it's still a professional setting. I slap on just enough makeup to look like I haven't been living off coffee and cat naps for the last six years, even though I totally have. Concealer and blush usually does a good enough job at hiding my dark circles and pasty complexion, though. When I exit the bathroom I share with my son, I can hear him laughing at whatever he's watching on TV, and a content smile stretches across my face. Even though it's meant living off coffee and about four hours of sleep a lot of nights, raising and providing for my son is the most rewarding thing I've ever done. Much more so than graduating high school or earning my degree. Nothing compares to being a mom to that little boy. Slipping into my bedroom, I quickly dress in the outfit I had the foresight to set out the night before. A black pencil skirt, white blouse, and jade green cardigan are the choice of the day, and I'm glad I was able to invest in some appropriate work attire after graduation. My dad definitely helped on that one, but he had insisted it was the least he could do since he hadn't had to pay for a cent of the last four years of my education, thanks to scholarships and grants I had gotten through the school. I was given enough to pay for my tuition and family housing just off-campus. The only reason I even had to get a job was to pay for daycare for my son and food. College had been less stressful than I had been anticipating, thank God. After I dress, I go back into the little bathroom and call him into it. He stands on his stool in front of the sink, since he's not quite tall enough to reach yet, and assumes the position. I hand him his toothbrush, already equipped with toothpaste, and he