Well, hello lovelies! Yes, I have officially started my next story. All The Right Moves is winding down, so I thought it was a good time to start posting this one. I have a few chapters written, and I promise the second one in a few days, since that's when things get a little more exciting. But ATRM will be priority until I hit that complete button. Anyway, new story, kinda OOC Edward. I think he's hot, though, so what are you gonna do? *shrugs* I will tell you right now, that he doesn't show up until next chapter, though. Alright, I'm done talking. See you at the bottom! Chapter One Shut Up and Drive August 26th, 2015 8:14 am The trunk slams shut of my little car, filling me with a sense of finality. My dad shoots me a hesitant grin as he leans against the hunk of metal he had bought me for my graduation a few months ago. I hear the telltale sound of tires running over the gravel in front of the house I have lived in for the past eighteen years of my life. Well, eighteen years minus that three months that I lived with my mom and her new husband when they were in Arizona. I had quickly realized I didn't appreciate unbearable heat, so I promptly moved back with Charlie when the opportunity presented itself. "Bella, are you ready for our road trip?" Alice asks in a sing-song voice. I look over my shoulder and see my pixie of a best friend and her mom unloading stuff from their car. Alice Brandon barged her way into my life on our first day of kindergarten, all three and a half feet of her. I remembered being approached by this tiny girl with a squeaky but demanding voice and her spiky little pigtails. Not much has changed in the thirteen years we have known each other. She's still tiny, at a whopping five feet and ninety pounds, and she definitely still commands any room she is in. She is still as beautiful as ever, with her porcelain skin, dark hair cut into a messy pixie cut, and piercing blue eyes. The only real changes to her appearance since we were five are the stud in her nose and the hoop through her septum. Alice and her mom, Lisa, come over and start filling the back seat of my car with Alice's things, since mine are currently occupying the trunk. Alice and I had both been accepted to the University of Massachusetts and we are now taking a road trip out there together instead of flying. I want to have my car on campus instead of having to rely on public transit, so my dad and her mom had agreed to us driving all the way out there from our small town of Forks, Washington. It was going to be a long drive between pit stops, sleeping, and Alice wanting to sightsee everywhere, but we were hoping to make it in about a week. "You've got all the maps and the money?" Charlie asks. He has provided me with maps of all the states we are going through in case we aren't able to get cell service anywhere. He has also been setting money aside for me since I decided to attend Massachusetts so I'd have plenty of money for gas and food and motels on the way there. I had also been saving money from the job I had taken at the local grocery store. I'd been working there since my junior year of high school, so I have a good chunk of money to use until I can find a job in Boston. "Yep, maps are in the glove compartment and money is in my purse," I confirm. "I've got everything, Dad." "I'm just making sure, Bells," he says. He wraps his arm around my shoulders and pulls me into his side, his version of a hug. Charlie isn't one for physical affection, so it meant a lot when he actually hugged me. "You guys should get going," Lisa says, finally closing the back door of my car. It has taken her and Alice a few minutes to get all of Alice's things in there. "You don't want to get stuck in traffic to start off your trip." "Yeah, let's go, Bella," Alice agrees. She pulls her mom into a bone crushing hug, which Lisa returns with just as much ferocity. If you didn't know any better, Alice and her mom could pass for sisters with how similar they looked, and not to mention Lisa looks like she was in her twenties, not her late thirties. Charlie surprisingly pulls me into a closer hug and presses his lips to the top of my head. I wrap my arms around his middle and try to suppress the tears I can feel welling up in my eyes. I had spent eight years with just my dad and now I have to say goodbye. I was going to the opposite side of the country and I probably won't see him until Christmas. We aren't exactly close, but Charlie is a good dad, and I was going to miss him. "Call me if you need anything, Bells," he says, releasing me from his grip. I see his eyes were rimmed red, and I know he is holding back tears, too. This is the most emotion I have seen from him, aside from when the Seahawks won the Super Bowl last year. "I will, dad. Love you." He smiles at me as he helps me into the car, closing the door after me when I am all the way inside. Charlie and Lisa wave to us as I pull out of the driveway and onto the street. They stay in my rearview mirror all the way down the road until I turn the corner and can no longer see them. }ACH{ 11:42 am "Bella, can we stop soon? I'm hungry and my bladder is yelling at me," Alice says. She has her feet kicked up on the dashboard and the window down, her dark hair blowing back from her face. We have been on the road for a few hours, and we were somewhere in Oregon. "Yeah, we'll get off at the next habitable exit," I tell her. We have spent the last three hours singing along to the road trip playlist we had composed on Alice's iPod a few days ago. It consists of hundreds of songs ranging several decades and all of the genres. We are currently listening to some Taylor Swift, but our last song had been by Smashing Pumpkins. Anything goes when you're going to be on the road for several days. I pull off the highway at the next exit and quickly find a McDonald's. I order our food while Alice dashes to the restroom. and we trade positions once she came back. We take our order to go and are back on the road within ten minutes of getting off it. "Have you talked to Mike at all?" Alice asks once we are done eating. She kicks her feet back up on the dashboard as she awaits my answer. "No?" I say, glancing at her like she's crazy. "I broke up with him, why would I talk to him?" Breaking up with someone usually means you don't want to talk to them or see them anymore, right? "You're not sad about this at all? You guys went out for quite a while." "I mean, I guess. But it was only six months," I say, shrugging my shoulder. "It's not like I had any real emotional investment in the guy. There's not even anything about him to really miss. He wasn't even that good in bed." "You said you guys had fun," she argues, looking incredulous. " He had fun," I stress. "I told you, Mike was a virgin when we started dating. He didn't know any better. I, however, just kinda went through the motions. I've definitely had better." "Riley?" she asks, a knowing smirk on her face. "Riley," I agree, nodding. We both chuckle together. Riley Biers was a junior when I was a freshman at Forks High. Riley was one of the guys that all the girls wanted and all the guys wanted to be. He wasn't an athlete, but he was popular and what some would call a bad boy. He smoked cigarettes and had alcohol at all his parties. He got his motorcycle license soon after getting his normal license. He was the hottest guy at school, and he knew it. Somehow Riley took notice of me by the end of my freshman year, and we spent a lot of time together that summer. By the beginning of our sophomore and senior year, I was Riley's girl and everyone knew it. I lost my virginity to him by homecoming, and my sex life became quite active and adventurous. I had nothing to compare it to at the time, but now I knew Riley was the best I ever had, and no one since even held a candle to him. Riley was into some things that I didn't know about before we were talking, and it turned out that I was very much into them, too. And Alice had a press pass to all the juicy details. When Riley graduated that year, we had broken up because he was going to school in New York and he didn't want a long distance relationship, much like I had done with Mike. I was pretty upset about the breakup, but I knew it was for the best, because what college student wants a relationship with a high school girl back in Podunk, Washington? Riley and I had cared about each other, and he was a really good boyfriend for that year, but the split had been pretty clean. We left each other in a good place, and I only thought about Riley with good memories. After Riley, I had had a brief fling with a boy from the nearby reservation. Jake and I had known each other since we were kids, and it just kind of happened one day. Jake wasn't a virgin, but he wasn't the type of lover that I was used to, and I couldn't really get into it. Where Riley was demanding and controlling, Jake was willing to sit there as I took over. I was used to being handled with sure hands, and Jake was passive in everything. Our little relationship lasted about a month before I had to call it quits. Mike and I didn't get together until after winter break of our senior year. We had been friends since his family moved here our freshman year, but he had always liked me, I had been told several times by Jessica, who had a major crush on Mike. I had always denied Mike's requests to go out with me, because I was a good friend to Jessica, and I wasn't really into him. But it had been a while since my last relationship, and Jessica was dating some guy from Port Angeles, so I agreed to dating Mike, and we were together until after graduation. We slept together over spring break, and it had been mediocre at best, but I gave him the benefit of the doubt since he was a virgin. I kept expecting him to pick up on what I was trying to teach him, but that never really happened. School starting and me moving to the other side of the country gave me the perfect opportunity to break things off. Mike had been crushed, and I tried to console him as best as I could, but there was only so much I could handle. "I wonder if he's still at NYU," Alice ponders. I shrug. "No idea, haven't talked to him since he left, except for the brief birthday wishes on Facebook every