Title: Beaten, Battered, but Not Broken Summary: When Leo is roughly shoved out of a plane and into a medic area for the wounded, the last thing he expects to find is a beautiful maiden watching over him. Returning back after finding out her secret, the promise he made to her had an effect on him. He finally had a purpose to wake up every day. Just to get back to her. When the command center finally tracks down the enemy's daughter, Leo must fight between his feelings and his friends. Rating: T because of duh violence Recommended Songs: Angel with a Shotgun by The Cab , Let Her Go by Passenger and I Won't Give Up by Jason Mraz So I got this idea by playing Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare and I was struck in the face with this idea so please tell me what you think about it. Enjoy! I don't own COD or any of its recipients. This is just for reading purposes. Kind of a crossover between Percy Jackson and the Olympians and Call of Duty. All rights go to #Master of Suspense Rick Riordan You do not have to play Call of Duty to get this. There are regular guns and grenades used here but with modifications on the names. Leo's PoV I wasn't expecting a phone call in the middle of the night so when the shrill tone of my phone went off beside my bed, I groaned loudly and flipped to my side and waited for it to stop. When the phone call continued to ring, I yawned and rolled over to the edge of my bed. I rubbed my eyes and glanced at my alarm clock. The red numbers glared in the middle of the dark room and it showed it was around four o clock in the morning. I reached over to grab my phone. I didn't bother reading the caller ID and answered with a 'yo'. A cough erupted on the other side of the line and I winced as the voice continued to cough. I looked at the ID and I put my phone on speaker. "Jackson!" "If you're calling to get your birthday gift earlier it's not happening!" The voice on the other line let out a hearty chuckle. "Wouldn't dream of it Valdez!" Percy cleared his throat. "Leo, base control wants you to come in a little earlier of work today; they said it was something serious." I gulped and a shiver shot down my spine. Shit what did I do wrong this time!? As if Percy could sense my distress, he said "Don't worry it's not something bad, it's probably them needing your machinery expertise again." I let out a soft sigh of relief. "Thank gods." "When do they need me?" I asked as I made my way down the stairs of my house to get a cup of good old OJ. I poured the juice into a camo-pattered cup and I quickly gulped down the liquid. I sighed contently and Percy yawned through the phone. I balanced the phone between my ear and my shoulder. "So when do they need me?" Percy loudly groaned as he popped his back and another voice shouted in protest. "Seaweed Brain I swear if you keep waking me up with your noises I will throw you outside and invite Mrs. O Leary in!" Annabeth angrily shouted and I snickered. I could hear Percy laugh and make his way outside and when I heard dogs barking, I could tell Percy was outside. I could hear the gravel crunching beneath Percy's feet and the sound slowly stopped. Percy voice came down to a whisper. "Leo, I think were being deployed again." I spit-taked my second glass of juice. "They told us our last mission was the last one and then we could take a break with all the killing stuff!" I whispered-shouted. I could imagine Percy shaking his head over phone and telling me this was a joke, but Percy would never tell me anything like that. "Are you sure were being deployed?" Percy let out a choked cry. "I was walking along hallway p-17 and I heard Commander Chiron talking to Reyna." I felt my heart drop to my stomach and I croaked out "Do the others know?" "If you mean Jason, Frank, Will, Nico and Grover then yes." "The girls don't know yet." I felt unjust tears prickle my eyelids and I wipe them away. "Do you want me to help you break in to the girls?" Percy sighed heavily and he groaned. "I don't know!" "I thought that the mission we did in Seoul was enough to get us off the radar for a while but it apparently wasn't because were being sent to Iraq for another stake out against the KVA!" I was shocked on how upset Percy sounded. "It's not like we haven't been through worse right?" Percy let out a humorless chuckle. "It's just not that Leo, I just don't have to come back to Annabeth." "I have two people to return back to." I stood shocked in my living room for a moment before I responded to Percy's statement. "You mean Annabeth's pregnant!" I felt crestfallen for Percy. He and Annabeth had already been through so much together and now that they can't settle down to have a family that was a different kind of cruel blessing. "Hey look on the bright side, when we get back home, Annabeth would have a green-eyed black haired baby!" Percy's lips quirked up in a smile. "You don't have to deal with the horrid mood swings and the barfing." Percy laughed and his laughing made me feel as if I did something right. "Thanks Leo." I smiled. "No prob." Percy covered the microphone and he yelled to Annabeth that he was picking Leo up to go to the base. Annabeth groaned but she got up to greet her husband goodbye. Annabeth saw the phone in Percy's hand and she said good morning to Leo. I happily said hello and said "Hey Annie!" Annabeth smiled through the phone. "Good morning Leo." I smiled and I could hear Percy's car keys jingle in his hand. I heard lip smacking and I made a face. "You know there's a button on a phone that's called a 'mute' button so I can't hear what you guys are doing!" Percy blushed and he kissed Annabeth one more time before finally disconnecting the phone. I shook my head while smiling and I gulped the rest of my juice down. I yawned as I headed back upstairs to change into my uniform. I ran up the stairs and I quickly ran to my room. I reached into my closet and I pulled it out of the closet. I frowned as I glanced on how big my closet space was. I scanned my room and I pouted that I didn't have a lady friend to share the space with. With a heavy heart, I closed the door shut and i grimaced as I put the scratchy uniform on. I pulled on the collar and I jumped out of my skin when I heard a beep outside my house. I ran outside to greet Percy and I hurried to the passenger side of the truck. Percy scratched his stubble. "Hey Hammer Boy." I narrowed my eyes. "Don't call me that." Percy had trouble containing his smile as we drove to the military base and I boredly looked out the window and a streak of light caught his attention. He immediately thought of what he wanted and oddly another wish popped in his mind. Hey I know you don't do relationships but can I have someone like my friends? Leo thought and he frowned at how impossible he sounded. Maybe he should try going out with Reyna again but his first impression didn't do anything but make Reyna hate him. He sighed and he looked out the window of Percy's truck. He wondered what his whole life ahead would bring up to. Percy and Leo sailed into the milky darkness and Leo gripped his seatbelt as they turned around curves and jagged edges to get to the base. Time Skip~ Two Weeks He couldn't believe he was doing this again. He held his breath and entered the plane with the others behind him. He heard a sniffle here and there and Leo felt terrible that he wasn't suffering as badly as his friends. Leo shot to his feet as he pulled a crate to the middle of the room and his combat boots echoed across the silent room. He pounded his feet against the crate and everyone sharply shifted their eyesight to him. Leo glanced at the solemn faces around him and his nerve wavered slightly. He shook the thought out of his head and he steeled himself. He clapped to gather everyone single ones attention. "Alright. I know some of you guys are new here so I'll introduce you to all of us." The new privates that were sitting in the back corner looked at the other experienced men and they nodded their heads. The plane tilted a little and a rumble echoed throughout the plane. A nervous tension rose and an ominous feeling set heavily on the soldiers. Leo stepped down from the crate and he walked over to his comrades. "I can't get through them." "I was going to give a pep talk to all of yal but something's wrong with the plane and I need to go check it out." Leo quietly whispered and his friends and they all set a look of determination on their faces. "Don't lose hope you guys. You have wives and children to get back to." Jason looked at Leo gratefully and he clasped his shoulders. "Valdez…" Leo mimicked him. "Grace….." Jason hugged him tightly and Leo gave his best friend a hug. Leo then gave one to Percy and Frank. Leo stood upright. "If you don't mind generals, I have a plane to fix." Leo ran out of his room holding his backpack and his tool belt which held basic and complex tools within the belt. He saluted his friends before running out of the room. He made his way to the engine room and he past the exit door of the plane. He whistled as he swung a wrench between his fingers but his own whistling stopped when he heard another sound of whistling. He stopped completely when he felt a draft hit his face. Leo realized the mistake a second too late. The blot on the door gave away and the door the door swung open with a loud bang. Alarms immediately went off and the blaring noise of the alarms was the only sound Leo heard. He didn't hear his friends pounding footsteps down the steps or them shouting his name. All Leo could see was the black glistening sea below him. His fight or flight system finally kicked in and he fought to make his way to where his friends were calling his name. The wind slowly dragged him sideways and Leo eyes widened as he felt his boots lose the grip on the floor. He tried to run, but he saw the huge crates of materials coming his way he looked at the sea below him. He saw his friends with a look of despair on their faces and Leo made a run for it. He jumped to the direction of his friends for it and he was shoved outside the plane by a flying object. It his side and knocked the breath out of him. The object knocked him off course and Leo scrambled to grasp the edge of the plane. The force of fighting against a plane was indescribable. Even with the EXO suit he felt as his arms were slowly coming out of his sockets and Leo stole one last glance at his friends before painfully letting go.