I highly recommend reading this story while listening to Fix You by Coldplay and A Hundred Reasons by Olfaur Arnalds Rated T just to be safe with some scenes. New story that I came up with. Everybody in the PJO community is doing a Leo returns to CHB story so I am too. This is a one-shot. Enjoy! Please review at the end! ~Justanothercaleoshipper~ Disclaimer: No way on Gaia do I own Percy Jackson and the Olympians nor do I own Heroes of Olympus. All reserved rights go to #Master of Suspense Rick Riordan. … Sometimes I panic for Leo's safety. It's not my fault that he causes havoc wherever he goes, but every time he comes back unscathed, I can't help but to sigh in relief. Today was no exception to the rule. I grasped Leo's side as we spiraled down the skyline. The clouds were a blur and the night air chilled me to the bone. I hugged his waist tighter when he fought to control where Festus was going to fall. I steadied my breaths and tried to remain calm. "Hey Sunshine, I'm gonna do something but don't freak out alright?" I nodded and I looked at Leo's determined face. "Don't do anything stupid!" I yelled to him so he could hear me over the whistling in our ears. He grinned at me. "I can't promise that Sunshine." With that, he stood up and patted Festus head. "Make sure she doesn't freak out okay Festus." "What!" I yelped and I watched in horror as Leo tilted backwards and pulled some object out of his tool belt. The thing glowed and Leo fell backwards into the black sea. I screamed for Leo and Festus buckled me down. I fought with the seat belt and frantically searched the water below. I tried to unbuckle the seat belt and a feeling of hopelessness overcame me as we continued to fall. "Leo you idiot!" The dragon shifted and Festus roared and tried beat his mighty wings upward. I closed my eyes and put my arms around Festus's warm neck. I don't know how long I held on to Festus but when the rumbling stopped and we were gliding smoothly once again, I peeked out from one eye. It was still dark but Festus still navigated through the night. When Festus unbuckled the seatbelt from me, I ran to the edge of his body and I looked at the horizon in despair. "Festus we have to go back for Leo!" I croaked out. Festus continued flying. My tears blocked my eyesight and I furiously wiped them away. A white hot ball of emotion clogged my throat and I helplessly hung my head. My shoulders shook as I cried and I latched onto Festus. I couldn't stop a sixty foot long dragon if I even tried. I bit my lip to stop from crying out loud but Festus's engines went thump and he angled his wings downward so that we stopped at the edge of beach. Festus nudged me off and I got off and ran to the shore. I searched the horizon for any signs of Leo but all I saw were pelicans diving for fish. I looked back at Festus to see him rolled over. Festus rumbled with happiness and curled his tail around something. My heart jumped as I came closer and when I heard Leo's frantic voice. "Where's Calypso Festus!" Festus clicked and Leo smacked his own forehead. "I'm an idiot!" "You could have given her a sign that I was fixing you from below Festus!" I couldn't believe it. "Leo!" He turned around and his eyes immediately lost the frantic look. I hurled myself at him and I embraced him tightly. I shook in his arms and he held me as close to him as possible. His body radiated warmth and I found myself thanking the gods, once again, that Leo was with me. His campfire smell overcame me and I stood in his arms until my cries turned into hiccups and my hiccups turned into soft sounds of fright. Leo soothed me by rubbing small circles in the small of my back with his thumb. I involuntarily sighed and leaned into his warm chest. I stood there a little longer savoring the moment until I realized why I was mad in the first place. "Leo!" I pulled away from him and tried to act angry but, really I was overjoyed that he was safe and sound. "Why did you jump off of Festus Leo?" "You scared me to death!" Leo guiltily looked down and put his hands in his pockets. "I didn't think you would react that badly, I was just trying not to make you freak out about me having to fix Festus from the bottom." Calypso huffed. "Well that didn't work!" Leo kept his head down. "I'm sorry." I sighed heavily. "Just be careful next time." He nodded but he peeked at her through his curls. "I heard you crying for me Sunshine." I tried to protest but my stuttering didn't help. "I di- did not!" Leo mimicked me. " Festus we have to go back for Leo!" I glared at my sandals and I angrily kicked some dirt. "I can't help it Leo! You're always reckless with these kinds of things and you don't realize that your recklessness affects other people Leo!" Leo looked away and I immediately regretted my words. My burst of anger disappeared as I moved closer to him. "I'm sorry Leo I didn't mean it, you just really scared me." He sighed. "It's alright Calypso." I shifted closer to him and Leo opened his arms for me. I moved into them and we both let out deep breaths. The night buzzed with activity and the purple midnight showed animals scurrying around us. Festus's growls kept them a good distance away and foxes growled at the bronze dragon before running into the woods. Festus curled around his owners and he tucked his head in. "I'm sorry Leo." "I just worry about you." I mumbled into his shirt. Leo took a deep breath. "It's not your fault Callie, its mine." "I should have known you would've freaked out." Leo lifted her chin to see her amber eyes filled with worry and a pinch of something else. "I just care for you Leo. I don't want you to get yourself hurt again." Leo resolve shattered. "I'll be more careful mi sol ." I softened at the sound of my nickname. Leo chuckled. My Sunshine. Who knew I would have a girlfriend of my own? I looked up to him only to see him in deep thought. "So..." I started to say. Leo brushed his thumb across my cheekbone; I blushed madly at act of affection. Leo smirked at how easily he could make me blush. I wrapped my arms around his neck and effectively wiped the smirk off his face by kissing him full on the lips. His smirk disappeared and it was my turn to grin. Who got you now hero? Leo immediately responded to my kiss and he wrapped his hands around my waist and I tugged one of his curls while kissing him. A thrill shot up and down my spine when Leo cupped his hands on my face. I closed my eyes and I kissed him back with vigor. He tilted his head to the side and pressed his lips harder against mine. After a while Leo softly breathed in through his nose but I took that as a sign to pull away. When he opened his eyes they seemed darker and the first emotions I detected in his eyes were love and a deep sense of ache for me. I was pretty sure mine looked as equal as his. Forehead to forehead, he softly breathed out "I should really jump of off Festus more often if I get these kinds of kisses." I rolled my eyes at his statement but with butterflies still fluttering around my stomach and my feet still in a puddle, I couldn't help but agree with him. I only nodded mutely. He pecked my cheek and held my hand as we both made our way to Festus. We only got so far before we heard the sound of applause. We both turned around when we heard a loud squeal and the sound of clapping. Aphrodite and Hephaestus stood in regular forms and Leo spoke up confused. "What are you doing here?" Aphrodite clasped her hands together. "You guys are the cutest thing so far!" Leo and I looked at each other weirdly. "Cutest?" Aphrodite opened her mouth to explain but Hephaestus interjected. "As much as we would like to talk about you parings, don't talk about it in front of them okay?" "I've seen your latest "ship" and Hades doesn't like it that his son is your main subject now." Aphrodite scoffed. "I'm the goddess of love and that defiantly includes relationships. Hephaestus turned to her. "That doesn't mean that you could interfere with their love life!" Leo and I cleared our throats, hoping that was enough to get the gods attention. They were starting to glow their respective colors and Leo had to look away so he wouldn't burn to a crisp. "Hey Dad!" Leo yelled and his voice cut the tension between the dueling gods. They snapped their attention back to Leo. Leo held up his hands. "As much as we like your company, what are you guys doing here?" Hephaestus and Aphrodite gave each other looks. "We are here to get you and Calypso back to Camp Half-Blood." …. As Hephaestus and Leo worked to repair Festus, I got stuck with the love goddess. This meant we-or actually just her, talked about Leo. I just watched in fascination as Hephaestus and Leo worked together. Periodically, Festus gave a grunt of approval when they fixed a part right. Hephaestus aura glowed with power as he rapidly traded out a broken leg and traded it in with a fixed one. After a while, both of them seemed to move faster in their work and Leo flames grew brighter when he molded bronze into an outer part of Festus's body. Alarmed at the sudden change, I tapped Aphrodite's knee and she looked up from filing her nails. "Yes honey?" I pointed to Leo and worriedly said "Is that supposed to happen?" A fiery orange surrounded him and as if he knew we were talking about him, he glanced up and sent a heartwarming grin to me. I made a motion to "look above him" but he looked at me confused. I was pretty sure he didn't even know he was surrounded by flames. "Don't worry honey, its normal for a god of fire and his son to glow like that when they do the element of their father or mother." I shifted my attention back to Aphrodite. "What?" Aphrodite glanced up once again. 'It's an effect on a half mortal." "One of Leo's friends has the everlasting effect of it." I must have had a horrid look in my face because Aphrodite laughed. "It's nothing bad Calypso." "Although I do say your boyfriend does look better now." I quickly looked back at Leo and my face burned at the sight. Hephaestus had an amused expression as he watched his son try to pat the fire that raced up his sleeve. He quickly took off the shirt and stomped on it. Just the way he did when he was on my isle. Only now instead of having a scrawny frame, his body seemed to finally adjust to his size and he finally had some muscle on him. I gasped at the change and for the first time Leo actually seemed well, hot. (A/N: See what I did there? Ha ha…I'll shut up now.) Not that he wasn't hot in the first place. I loved him for reasons that he cared for me but this is