Title: Safety Patrol Recommended Songs: Alive by Arrows to Athens , Not a Bad Thing by Justin Timberlake, and Love Me Like You Do by Ellie Goulding Full Summary: Leo and Calypso had always been best friends since their fifth grade teacher, Mrs. Collins, made them team up for Safety Patrol duty. Of course Calypso is ecstatic being on safety patrol being the golden apple in the teacher's eyes, but Leo no. He knows that the teachers paired him with Calypso because they are hoping her "goody too shoeness" is going to rub off on him. Pfft...as if. Incident after incident, they both don't know it but even after they are both booted out safety patrol, they continue to see each other and even strengthen their friendship through elementary to middle and finally high school. Rating: T Hey guys! I had a really fun time typing this and listening to Fall Out Boy, Coldplay, Olfaur Arnalds, Arrows to Athens, Ellie Goulding, and Imagine Dragons to get me through all of this. If you have the time to read this please don't be discouraged by the length. Hope you guys enjoy! J ~Jacs. Prologue First Day of Safety Patrol "Hi. I'm Calypso. Calypso Theyes Atlas." "What's your name?" I stuck out my hand to greet my partner but he only glanced at my hand and scoffed. He looked to the opposite direction and I retracted my hand slightly hurt. Okay so that isn't going to work. I sat down next to him and hugged my knees. I stayed still for a second and looked up to hear the shrill screams of children playing. Most of the sounds that came from the playground were from the shrieks of delight of getting caught in a game of tag. Most of my class talked with each other or walked the perimeter of the playground waiting to be released from school. The small children hung from the monkey bars despite the rules against hanging upside down from the monkey bars. I tried to continue to talk to the boy next to me but a particular sound stopped me. It sounded like a kid crying. I scanned the playground for the sound and my eyes landed on a small child screaming while trying to get down the monkey bars. I couldn't help it. I jumped to my feet and ran over to a child that was stuck on top. I quickly climbed to the top and tried not to think how ridiculous it looked to have a fifth grader on top of the monkey bars. The girl with pigtails looked at me through her watery eyes and I extended my arms to her. Her face brightened at the sight of someone rescuing her and she jumped into them. I carried her down carefully and then set her on the mulch. I took a tissue out from my pocket and cleaned her tear-stained cheeks. After she stopped sniffling she got up. She barely reached my hip level. I kneeled down to her level and she looked at me with her big emerald eyes. I smiled at her and she shyly smiled back. 'What's your name sweetie?" She put her hands behind her back and rocked herself slightly as if trying to decide something. "My big sis tells me not to tell my name to strangers." She draws out the last word, sounding out the syllables and looked up at me, pleased. I raised my eyebrows. " This girl is smart." " Alright how about you give me your sister's name so I can take you to her so she can take care of you?" The girl with pig tails nodded and I got up and waited for her to take off the mulch on her. She looked up to me and softly said "Katie her name's Katie is my sister's name." Calypso did a mental checklist to see if she knew a Katie. Katie Gardner? The girl stuck out her hand for me to grasp. I slipped my hand into hers a proceeded to walk around the park with her to see if she sees her sister. We walked for a while when she suddenly rushed forward to a group of kids and stumbled to a figure in the distance. I ran forward to match her pace and saw the young girl was picked up by an older looking girl that looked around my age. As I neared, I picked up on their conversation and the girl spotted me coming closer. "Hello?" Katie cautiously said to Calypso. She was stricken by the similarity by the two girls. They both had sparkling emerald eyes and chocolate brown hair. "Hello. Is this your sister? Calypso quietly said, embarrassed that the group Katie was in had had stopped their conversation to listen on what the two girls had to say. Katie nodded. "See I told you the pretty girl saved me!" The little girl exclaimed. "Isn't that right." Katie mused and smiled at her. She stuck her hand out as a greeting. "Hi I'm Katie. Katie Gardner." She jabbed a finger into her little sister stomach. "This here is Lily. She's too shy to tell her name to anyone." Calypso nodded. "Oh I know were in Green club together." It was Katie's turn to look surprised. Calypso furthered explained. "Um. I'm the one who usually sits in the back so don't be surprised." Katie softened. "So you're the girl who plants the moon lace flowers. The flowers are absolutely stunning." Calypso blushed. "Thank you." Katie opened her mouth to reply but a boy snickered. "As much as we like talking about flowers and all but what are we going to do with the party?" Katie set down Lily and sent a dirty look to the boy who interrupted her. "Look Travis I can't do anything about your broken DJ station we either have Pandora music or your crummy iPod music." A look alike whispered "Shot down by a girl." "New low for you bro." Travis looked at his younger brother and shot him a look. "Fine. But what are we doing?" Katie put her hands up she was exhausted by this conversation. "I don't know Travis maybe-" The sound of someone clearing their throat interrupted them. They both stopped their screaming match and they looked at me. "I may have a solution." Katie looked at me gratefully. "What's your idea?" I grasped the edge of my blouse and looked at all the people. "I have a few speakers. Personally I don't use them but if you want you could use them for your party. I would be glad to give them to you." Travis and Connor let out a whoop . "Are you sure?" A new voice piped up and I looked at the girl. A girl with choppy brown hair and kaleidoscope eyes looked at me. "You don't have to do that." I shook my head. "I'm sure." Her kaleidoscope eyes shimmered. "Well then, thank you then." "No problem." "There small so they fit in your hand but they are powerful enough to hear around the room." Calypso said. "Tell me when you need them." She waved goodbye to the group but someone stopped her. "Well if you supplying us with the music then you're invited if you want." I turned around at the sound of the new voice. "Really?" The boy with black hair shrugged. "Sure if you want it's a small party anyways. It's at my apartment." "It will only be me, Annabeth, Piper, Jason, Frank, Hazel, Katie, Travis, Connor, Miranda, Lily, Leo, and you." He pointed to each person for her to recognize the people. I counted off the names. "Wait. Where's the other person?" The boy was about to answer but the bell rang, signaling that their period of recess was over. Hastily, Piper quickly said "If you need a place to sit, you can sit with us if you want." "Were at the far end of the lunchroom." She waved goodbye and so did the others when they left. Calypso sighed as she walked back to her post and waited for the other classes to come out for recess. One more class to go. She looked forward and saw the boy still sitting on the concrete. A pang of guilt struck her in the face. " He's been sitting here like he was supposed to while you go off and leave him alone. Shame on you Calypso!" As she neared him she took a good look at him. Curly brown hair, pointed ears, a slightly scrawny frame. Yup defiantly distinguishable from the other fifth graders. He looked to be as old as her but she couldn't tell because of the way she was standing. Her shoes signaled her obvious arrival. He didn't even bother to acknowledge her. She sat next to him and played with a blade of grass that she plucked from the ground. She put the grass into knots and she inhaled sharply when the boy next to her spoke. "You did pretty well over there." He tilted his head to the monkey bars. Calypso face flushed. "Thank you." She twiddled her thumbs as she cast another glance at him. His face was in deep concentration and slowly his face turned into displeasure at the thought of something. Calypso took in his expression. "Are you okay?" His face darkened and he looked down. "Yeah I'm fine." He grunted. Calypso frowned. "You don't look fine." He looked at her funny. "What do you mean I don't look fine?" "All the ladies love me!" He grasped his suspenders and snapped them against his body. He winced at the pain but tried to hide how much it hurt. Calypso smiled at his announcement and actions. "I didn't even mean it that way!" He smiled and stared ahead again. Calypso took more blades of grass and put them on her lap. She braided them together and concentrated to try to make it into small basket. After a while she felt someone staring at her. She looked next to her to see the boy looking intensely at her. "How did you do that?" Calypso shrugged. "I don't know, just comes naturally I guess." He stared for a little longer and pulled something out of his pocket. He fiddled with it for a little and she realized he was taking it apart and putting it back together over and over again. "Do you like building stuff?" He looked at her and nodded. "Why?" Calypso shrugged in response. "Just asking." A comfortable silence settled in between the two kids. "Seriously what's your name?" He turned to look my direction and he had such a thoughtful expression on his face she didn't know if he had heard her. "You know the teachers put us together so you goodness rubs off on me?" Calypso paused. "I didn't know that." Leo shrugged. "I figured it was kind of obvious on how the teachers avoid me." Calypso thought for a second. "Well if the teachers put us together then how about we get to know each other." He raised an eyebrow. "What do you suppose we do?" Calypso tapped her chin. "How about 20 questions?" He waited for her to start. "Would you rather have your arm or your leg?" He seemed surprised. "What kind of question is that?" Calypso rolled her eyes. "It's still a question silly." He cracked a small smile. "Well I guess my arm since I like building stuff and you can't afford to lose an arm." Calypso nodded. "Same." "Um. What are your parents' names?" His expression turned solemn. "Parent. Just parent." Calypso didn't push the topic further on. "So what is it?" "What is your parent name?" He tapped his fingers together. "Esperanza" Calypso smiled. "That's a beautiful name." He smiled. "It means hope in Spanish." Calypso grinned. "You speak Spanish?" He nodded slowly. "Yeah. It's pretty neat." "Cool." Calypso said, impressed. "All I speak is English