Pure Peace Chapter 1—Delilah ((Disclaimer: No, we don't own the PPC (that credit goes to Jay and Acacia), Middle-earth and the characters that belong to that fair land (Tolkien owns that) nor Delilah (not that we would want to). Caitlin and Sidh belong to us, as does Caitlin's incredible weapons collection.)) In the depths of the Protectors of the Plot Continuum (PPC) headquarters, only a computer monitor lit a small room. The blue glow didn't show too much: just a bunk bed opposite the computer desk. The bottom bunk was occupied, but the occupier didn't move save to breathe once in a while and blink at the ceiling. The silence was rather comforting after the noise and hustle-bustle of killing Sues, and the silent agent was praying it would continue. But alas, the Narrative Laws of Comedy wouldn't allow that. Just as the agent was starting to genuinely feel hope, a noise came from outside. A noise remarkably like the scrape of dragged bags. "Damn it…" Sidh muttered as she tripped over her own bag and nearly fell down for the fifth time in row. With a loud sigh, she pushed the door open and peeked inside. "Anyone there?" she called, since the room was quite dark. "Hello?" She hoped she was by the right door. "You either have a lot of bags or one big one." The voice was soft, as if the owner didn't use it much, and faintly Irish in accent. A slight motion indicated that the agent on the bottom bunk had sat up and was looking in the direction of the door. "Which is it?" "Both…" Sidh replied, sighing quietly as she dragged her packs into the room. "Just to make sure, you're Caitlin, right?" she asked. "Yes, I am Caitlin." A bedside light flicked on, revealing a young woman with dark brown hair. "And you must be the new agent the SO told me about last night. Rather short notice, but I cleared you a space for your things." "Thanks," Sidh replied, dropping the bag that hung on her arm to the ground and reaching out her hand towards Caitlin. "Nice to meet you, I'm Sidh." An eyebrow flicked up as Caitlin took the offered hand and shook it carefully. "Who named you 'Peace'?" she inquired, releasing the hand and walking to the wall by the door. "My parents," Sidh answered. "Had a strange idea of fun, I guess…" she added after a moment, arranging her bags on the floor beside her bed. "A very strange idea." A faint clicking sound preceded the overhead light suddenly turning on, revealing the rest of the room and the slender agent who occupied it. The wall behind Caitlin, a young woman who stood like she owned everything she saw, was covered in weapons of all variety, ranging from swords and bows to lightsabers and blasters. "I'll give you fair warning now," the brown-haired agent continued, crossing her arms. "You're the sixth partner I've had in a year's time." "Wow…why so many?" Sidh asked hesitantly, sitting down on the bed and watching the wall with interest. Caitlin made her feel slightly nervous. Caitlin shrugged. "They couldn't handle my tendencies when I get angry. I'll understand if you put in for a change of partners after one mission. My last partner didn't manage a full mission before bailing." "Really?" Sidh asked, surprised, trying not to ask, 'then what's wrong with you?' Instead she just looked at Caitlin. "Well, I guess we shall see what comes. Life's full of surprises, so you might get one too…" she answered. "I doubt it. But it would be nice…" Whatever she was going to say next was cut off by an unearthly noise. Since a speaker was right next to where Caitlin was standing, she nearly jumped out of her skin. BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEPPPP! Sidh jumped out of the bed, totally startled by the strange noise. "What's this…this… thing?" she asked in a shaking voice, trying to calm her breathing. "That is the nicest description I have ever heard. And this…" Caitlin hit a button on the computer that made the noise stop, "…is the alert when a new Sue comes in." The dark-haired agent stopped for a second. "Did they give you any training when you joined?" she asked quietly, with the air of someone who was afraid of the inevitable answer. Sidh laughed at the woman's question. "No, they didn't…they told me you were to train me so…" she paused, walking over to Caitlin and the computer. "So… does that mean there's a Mary Sue that's just appeared?" she asked, eager to learn something new. "That's right," Caitlin replied, sighing inwardly. A rank newcomer. Lovely. She hit the 'Print' button and caught the pages as she read from the screen. "10th walker fic," she announced to the air. "Falls in love with Legolas…poor lad…and…" he voice trailed off as her light blue eyes went cold. "And what?" Sidh asked curiously, trying to take a look at the pages over Caitlin's shoulder. "Two things." Caitlin was practically snarling as she said, "Second daughter of Lord Elrond…and upstages him when it comes to healing." In her book, upstaging the Peredhil lord was worse than a sin. She dropped the printed pages with disdain and walked to her wall of weapons. "Orcs, Uruk-hai, elves, dwarves, humans?" she asked over her shoulder. "Oh dear…" Sidh said with a sigh. "How I hate people who don't know their place…" she muttered, but then realized that Caitlin asked her a question. "What?" she asked, not really understanding what the woman meant. "Disguises. Most of this takes place in Rivendell, so we could be elves if that's what you wanted." Caitlin picked up an Uruk-hai bow and toyed with the string for a moment before putting it back on its hook. Sidh laughed. "That'd be perfect… imagine being a female elf more beautiful than her… I bet she'll just burst into pieces…" she remarked. That drew a startled laugh from Caitlin. "Well, theoretically, she is 'more beautiful than Luthien'," she remarked. "I really didn't think that was possible, and we cannot stretch canon any further than she's already stretched it. Female elves should be fine, though." "Oh, of course," Sidh replied. "I just couldn't help but imagine the suffering she would go through…" she explained, looking at the wall with weapons. "So…should we have a weapon with us?" she asked, hoping that it was not a stupid question. "Weapons would be a good idea." Caitlin had a light sword strapped to her side and was taking down a quiver full of arrows and a bow. "Pick anything that looks vaguely like it would belong in Middle-earth. If you break it, you get to find me an exact copy." "Oh all right…" Sidh said, looking around, and then finally took a small elven-like dagger into her hand. It was nice, light and solid. "Would that do?" she asked. "Well enough. We'll work on finding you a weapon of your own. Valar knows there should be some extra weapons in Rivendell." Caitlin's eyes gleamed as she picked up some pieces of equipment. "Bring an empty pack over here," she added. "Supplies are needful, though I suspect that this will be a quick job." Sidh did as she was told, though she could not refrain from asking another question. She was so new at this that she wanted to know something more about her new job. And who better to ask than her partner. "Why do you think it'll be a quick job?" she asked. "The fic itself is all of…" Caitlin looked. "Six pages. She doesn't cover anything after the Council in great detail, so we can take her after she joins the Fellowship. At best, a couple hours. At worse, a day. Do you have a portable music player of any variety?" "Nope, I don't. I don't carry such things around… why?" Sidh asked absently, though her mind was excited about going to Middle-earth for a full day if they had luck. "Oh dear…well, I have a splinter cable and two set of headphones." A waspish smile. "Courtesy of my partner two partners ago. We'll see if we can agree on music. Trust me, with the grammar and horrible descriptions, you're going to want to block it all out somehow." She held up the equipment she had grabbed. "I'm in Makes-Things' good graces, so I got the best tech stuff available. This is a Mary-Sue detector. It tells you if the inserted character is a Mary Sue or Marty Sam and how bad he or she is." "Hmm…" Sidh muttered, trying to take all the new information in. "So, we're going to listen to the music in order not to go nuts…and this detector…" she paused. "Ok, so what do we do once we know the character is a Mary Sue or Marty Sam?" she asked curiously. "And…can a canon character be one of these too?" "Actually, yes. We call those 'Possession Sues'. That calls for an exorcism. Luckily for us, we won't have to deal with those. As to what we do when we know…" Caitlin smiled as she tapped her sword's hilt. "Well, that's where weapons come in handy. Come on. Talking about it doesn't have the same effect as seeing what a Sue does to a place." She reached over and played with some settings on her computer. "All right," Sidh answered, grinning. She was eager to start learning things in reality, and not only in theory. "Caitlin, just before we go…you'll explain things to me as we go, won't you?" she asked a bit shyly. She hated to feel like she was ignorant, but she knew she was as far as her new job was concerned. Oh well, everyone had to start somehow… "Sure, if you can stand my scathing sarcasm." Caitlin finished her fiddling and pushed a big red button with a bit of a flourish. A purplish doorway of light opened beside the computer desk as Caitlin picked up her pack and put it on. "Oh, by the way…you can call me Cait or Caitlin. Cat will get you killed painfully." "All right, Cait," Sidh answered, looking at Caitlin. "And just try to remember, before you try to use your scathing sarcasm that you were new too," she added. "Sure, five years ago. Things were less hectic then." But Caitlin couldn't help being impressed by Sidh. Most new agents were cowering by this point. Maybe this agent would last for the long haul. "C'mon." With that, she stepped through the portal. Sidh nodded and followed Caitlin into the portal. She felt strongly tempted to ask what it was, but she guessed it was the gateway into Rivendell, or so she thought. Just in case their journey was unpleasant, Sidh shut her eyes tightly closed, trying to remember to ask her partner how it worked later on. The trip was literally just a step long, though Caitlin took several more to avoid being run into by Sidh. She looked around with a smile. She had set the portal to take them to a place a mile out of Rivendell so she could break her partner into the beauty of Middle-earth early and avoid possibly being spotted by the Sue. The brunette looked down at herself and nodded in satisfaction. Aside from pointed ears and a certain lightness in her step, she didn't look much different as an elf. "Wow… this is amazing…" Sidh said softly, looking around in awe as she finally dared to open her eyes again. "So beautiful…" she remarked, still oblivious as to the change that she and her partner had undergone. She did not feel any different at all, and that was why she did not notice anything at first. "You're going to catch flies in your mouth," Caitlin remarked, but there was no rancor to her tone. Middle-earth's beauty always blew her away, no matter how often she had seen it.