Author's Note: I've broken this fic into chapters to make it easier to read. Nothing else has changed. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. Chapter 1: The Flower Pendant A black cloaked figure walked with purpose across the cold, wet ground; moist dirt clinging to their boots with every step. The cover of night, and the clouds blocking out the moon and stars, protected the figure from any scrutiny. They didn't have a problem seeing where they were going though. They had memorized the route to their destination several hours prior and night vision was one of the very first spells they had ever mastered, for use in situations much like this. Finally, after an hour of walking a long circumspect path to throw off any possible pursuit, and with plenty of thorough checks, the cloaked figure arrived at their destination. Before them stood two graves, placed closely side by side. The figure ignored the one on the left and instead kneeled before the one on the right, ignoring the mud that was sucking at their legs. The figure lifted off their cloak to reveal a middle aged woman with long blonde hair that framed a constantly severe expression. She just knelt there on the cold damp night for ten minutes, neither speaking nor crying, just staring at the grave stone in front of her. Her ulterior motive for taking such a long path to the grave had been to work up the courage to finally make a visit that was years overdue. Underneath her shirt she felt the cold touch of a metal pendant. Finally the woman looked at the words on the grave with conscious thought instead of with the blank expression she had been. Tears started to build up in her eyes as they tracked across the symbols on the grave and she read aloud. "R.I.P, Lily Potter (nee Evans), B. 30 January 1960 D. 31 October 1981." At that point the woman broke down, tears pouring down the side of her cheeks. She started to mutter angrily to herself. "You stupid, stupid bitch…why did you have to die? Why…" "Rissa," said a voice, drawing Narcissa Black's attention from brushing her hair. Looking over her shoulder she saw her lover, Lily Evans, just sitting naked on the hotel bed. The young woman was always breathtaking with her vibrant red hair and caring green eyes, and Narcissa had to resist joining her for another round. She had appointments to keep after all, the outside world might be invisible beyond the walls of their room, but it continued to move none the less. She was also worried about the serious expression that her lover wore on her face. "Yes?" she asked. "Do you love me?" asked Lily. The question surprised Narcissa for a moment, but she managed to gather up herself for an answer. "I care for you deeply and these meetings are very precious to me," replied Narcissa truthfully. This was a Narcissa Black that would shock anyone else who knew of her or spent more than a couple of minutes in her presence, a Narcissa Black known by only one other person. She preferred to be this type of woman, but unfortunately outside of the walls of rooms such as these, she couldn't be. For allowing her moments such as these, she cared for Lily deeply. Sadly, Lily just gave a quick frown before replacing it with a fake smile, one that failed to hold up to her usual genuine expressions. "And I care deeply for you too during these meetings," said Lily, stressing her words in a manner that Narcissa knew was meant to hurt her; and succeeded. "So, I'm sad to say that this will have to be the last meeting. I've just been proposed to by James Potter, you know of him, right?" "Yes," replied Narcissa stiffly. "He's a prefect of Gryffindor House with you, correct?" "Yes, and we've been dating for a couple of months now. When we graduate from Hogwarts he would like to marry me and I see no reason to say no. Do you?" "No, I do not. He'll make a great husband for you. He comes from a distinguished line of pure bloods, no?" "Yes, he does, although he considers that a worthless fact. He doesn't give a damn about lineage after all, one of the reasons I want to marry him." "Then you have my blessing," said Narcissa. With that she turned around and continued to brush her hair. Behind her she heard Lily lie back down on the bed with a thumping noise. While the brush methodically removed the tangles from her hair, tugging slightly at her scalp, she ignored the soft sobbing that was not meant for her ears. She just started to brush harder and harder until her head hurt, ignoring Lily as she sobbed gently into her pillow. Several months later Narcissa read about the marriage of Lily Evans to James Potter in several Wizarding papers, both young people having a bright future ahead of them. She herself had been proposed to by a much admired senior from her Hogwarts days, Lucius Malfoy. Lucius was everything she looked for in a husband; handsome, rich, a pure-blood, a great position in the Ministry of Magic and no inclination to subjugate her or look into her present or past affairs. Sadly he wasn't anything like what she wished for, but she had never been fool enough to expect to ever receive such. It's not like she believed she actually deserved such happiness. She had long known it was coming, but a full blown wizarding war was still a concept she had a hard time wrapping her mind around. Lord Voldemort, murdering mudbloods (those without any wizarding blood) openly and subjugating everyone else. Her husband Lucius was involved as a trusted subordinate so it was frequent that she saw the Dark Lord himself gracing her home. Around the Dark Lord or any of his Death Eater servants, and even her husband she kept up a cordial expression and attitude. It was only during the cover of night when Lucius was sound asleep that she would permit herself to cry, praying that Lily Potter would keep her head down and submit to his rule instead of fighting against it, but knowing deep in her heart that her former lover would never do so. It had been in her Sixth year at Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry that Narcissa Black had first heard of Lily Evans. The girl was a first year but quickly became well known for being a prodigy; made even more amazing by the fact that she was a mudblood. The first time she saw Lily was in the dungeons right outside of the Slytherin dorm. As Narcissa had exited the portal between the common room and the castle she had been greeted by a small red headed girl with an uncertain expression on her face. It was obvious that she was a first year, and a red and gold badge identified her as a Gryffindor, not the type usually seen anywhere in the dungeons unless in for a punishment. She decided to just ignore the girl and go one her merry way, but a tiny hand shot out and grabbed the edge of her robe. "Could you please help me for a moment?" asked the little girl. Narcissa looked down at her and saw the pleading look in her eyes and gave a sigh. "Fine," she replied. "What do you need?" "Well," stuttered the girl slightly. "My friend has been missing classes and I wanted to make sure he was okay." "Your friend?" asked Narcissa. "Are you telling me that you're friends with a member of my house?" "Yes?" replied the girl uncertainly. Narcissa evaluated the Gryffindor girl for a moment, coming to a decision. "Name?" "Huh?" "Name, your friend's name, what is it? What year is he in?" "Oh! Severus Snape! First year of Slytherin house!" "Stay right here," commanded Narcissa turning back towards her common room. She walked up to the entrance and whispered the password to re-enter. "Subjugation." In the Slytherin common room Narcissa saw students milling about between classes; relaxing, working on future assignments, or working hurriedly to finish ones due in just a few minutes. She took a deep breath. "Is there a Severus Snape in here!" demanded Narcissa, looking around coldly at the gathered Slytherins who were now all focused on the forceful sixth year. One boy, a first year judging by the size of him, spoke up. "He's in his room, been there all day ignoring anyone. Most of yesterday too," piped the boy. "Go get him for me," commanded Narcissa. "Now." "Yes ma'am!" cried the first year in fright. He rushed into the boy's dormitory and the common room became deathly silent as everyone waited and watched to see what would happen. The boy came back out after a moment, another boy following sulkily after. The boy was disheveled in what looked to be 2nd hand clothes. He had a displeased expression on his face at having been interrupted from whatever non-productive activity he had been doing. He was pale, but that seemed natural and not a sign of sickness. He was perfectly healthy, which meant Narcissa was going to enjoy what she was about to do. "Are you Severus Snape?" demanded Narcissa. "Who wants to know?" sneered the boy, looking up at the older girl with as much attitude as he could muster. "People cutting class don't get to know that," replied Narcissa. She grabbed the front of the boy's robe firmly in her grasp and started to pull him towards the entryway. He tried to resist but she was much bigger than he was and it was a futile effort. It was though, enough to annoy her quite a bit. She whipped out her wand and uttered a quick spell. "Wingardium Leviosa!" Severus lost his grip on the floor as he started to float off of the ground. He flailed slightly and the common room burst into laughter. Narcissa silenced everyone with a glare and then walked out of the common room, Severus floating in tow. Back outside she saw that three third years had surrounded the Gryffindor girl and were menacing her for being near their common room. "What the heck are you doing here little girl?" asked one of them harshly. "I-I'm waiting for my friend," replied the girl. "This is Slytherin dorm," said another boy. "There are no friends here for you!" "Yeah!" enthused the third boy, obviously the slow, uncreative one of the bunch. Narcissa just gave a sigh and with a flick of her wand lobbed Severus at the three boys. The first year boy cried out in fright but it wasn't enough of a warning as he flew through the air and knocked over the three third years. All four boys lay in a pile trying to disentangle themselves as the first year girl gasped in surprise. "I brought your friend," Narcissa stated simply. She started to walk away, to go about her business from before she had been interrupted by the whole mess, but first shot a glare at the three boys. "No menacing girls, no matter the house. You don't know who will appear to kick your bloody arses. And Severus, no making girls worried, got it?" All four boys just stared at her, dumb stuck. The Gryffindor girl hurried over and helped Severus up, fretting over him. "I'm so sorry!" she apologized. "I didn't know that would happen! You were just missing from class and I was worried something was wrong or that it was something I had done and I couldn't enter and I just needed help so I asked the nearest person and she was nice enough to get you but then she flung you around and I'm so, so sorr-" "Its fine!" yelled Severus, quieting the Gryffindor girl. He suddenly turned a