Title: Picking Up The Pieces Author: ArcaneDesires Pairings: Cato/Clove, (Brief mentions of Female OC/Clove, and very brief hints of Cato/Glimmer, Possible Marvel/Glimmer mentions/hints too.) Warnings: Swearing, Mild Violence, Mentions of Girls Kissing Girls at the beginning, Mature Het Situations, AU storyline. (Warnings may be added to later on.) A/N: My first THG based fiction, even if it is AU. And my first Clato. I ADORE Clato, and am pretty fond of Glarvel too. I'm still very iffy on this one and please be warned the actual Clato won't happen until the later chapters, but I'm hopeful that someone will like this. Written for my wonderful friend LovelyAche. If you feel like dropping me a review I'd love that and would adore you. Anywho without further ado, please enjoy. I hope you will! Dark brown, almost black eyes glanced down as nimble fingers skimmed over the screen. Image after image swept past her scrutinising eyes, but only one specific one held any interest for the teen. Flicking through the images faster and growing increasingly annoyed, Clove ignored the irritated huff from the front of the car and breathed a sigh of relief when the image she'd been looking for finally came upon the screen. Lit up by the mobiles screen, were the smiling faces of two young female teenagers. One teen was fair in just about every way. Light skin, pale strawberry blonde hair tied up in a high ponytail and bright green eyes stood out from her pretty face. She had high cheekbones, a toned slender body and a broad, bright smile that lit up her eyes and a sense of friendliness that you could practically feel flowing out from the image. The other was dark haired, dark eyed and pale skinned, with a soft smattering of freckles upon her face. Her smile was more smirk like than anything and you could just about see the darkness that was hidden behind the somewhat happy façade. But there was a genuine sense of happiness that still somehow radiated towards the girl beside her. Towards the strawberry blonde with her arm around the shorter dark haired girl, the one who was grinning at the camera like she'd never been happier. And it was to the other girl that Clove now turned her attention. She remembered this image so clearly it was like it was yesterday and the entirety of the day it was taken was burned so deeply into her mind, seared so clearly before her eyes like a movie. That was the day, only a matter of moments before the picture was taken actually, that Dela had kissed her for the first time. She'd never been one for being happy with people, or even being able to put up with them, but Dela got her. She wasn't like Clove, she was popular and friendly and… nice. But she understood Clove, she saw past the darkness within her, the distaste for being around most people in general and she still liked her anyway, had always liked her. And not all that long ago… God had it really been only three months? Clove was pretty sure it was, she was very careful with things like this. But that aside, three months ago their friendship had grown into something bigger, stronger and oh so much better. She'd always sort of thought the girl attractive, but it hadn't hit her just how attracted she was to her until the older girl had shifted from her position stretched out on the bed and looked at her from beneath surprisingly thick eyelashes and asked that question. Clove's lips quirked up at the edges and she closed her eyes for a brief second to capture the moment in greater detail. Dela had looked at her with those bright, emerald green eyes of hers and said 'Clove, have you ever thought about kissing a girl?' And the dark haired teen had shaken her head, because she could honestly say that No, she hadn't ever thought about it. But then again she hadn't really thought about kissing anyone, because in general people were stupid and pissed her off severely. But then the idea was there and she couldn't help but wonder what it would be like, so when Dela asked if she could kiss her, she hadn't even had to think about it, she'd just nodded and licked her lips in preparation. What the older girl had done was not so much kiss her as completely steal her breath from her lungs as she plunged her tongue into her mouth. She'd swept it over every inch of Clove's mouth and claimed it completely. And for possibly the first time in… well EVER, the younger teen simply hadn't cared enough to reclaim the control she should have had. Because she hated to not be in control, but this was just… it really didn't matter when Dela kissed her like that. Blinking her eyes open, the girl scowled at the backs of her parents heads. That was all over now, they'd ensured that just because they'd caught her and Dela making out and indulging in some heavy petting, they were packed up and moving to this sunshine ridden hell hole just over a month later. Or at least that was how Clove preferred to see it, because all this sunshine did NOT do her already bad mood any good. She huffed again and flicked the image off her screen, turning her glare to the tree lined street they were making their way down. "Clove… I do wish you wouldn't keep huffing," her mother complained from the front passenger seat. "Yeah well I wish you wouldn't have fucking moved us here, shit happens. That's life… mom," she mumbled back under her breath. "I beg your pardon? What was that?" "I just asked if we were there yet?" she shot back, injecting false sweetness into her voice and pulling up a smile that could probably fool even her mom, since she'd long ago perfected the art of mixing sarcasm and saccharine. "Yes actually," her father finally interrupted as they pulled into the driveway of a large grey and white detached house. "Finally," Clove grumbled exiting the car the second it stopped and standing in the drive, just sneering at their new surroundings. Bright flowers in a range of colours banked the walkway and driveway. The sight and smell of them made her just want to trample them all beneath her feet. Sometimes she hated having money, because it meant living in a place like this, where all the houses were different and spread apart to make room for the large, sprawling lawns. Everything was so neat and tidy and perfect and everywhere there were flowers… Too many damned flowers. Ergh, she could already tell she was going to hate this fucking place, and not only because they'd forced her away from Dela either… Though, that was a large part of it obviously, but not all of it. She just plain hated it already. It was just too fucking… NICE. As for her parent's homophobic attitude, that was just fucking pathetic. It wasn't like she was ONLY interested in girls, she found guys just as attractive, but Dela had just been, well there. She'd sparked the interest first and she was just attractive, really fucking attractive. God the girl was hot… But no, that didn't matter, because oh my god their precious daughter was kissing a girl and that couldn't be allowed, because they just had to be fucking normal. Snatching her wallet and phone from the back seat, Clove rolled her eyes and moved away from the car, intent on simply getting away from them, from here for a while. Of course, that wasn't allowed either and she should have known that, but fuck! She hadn't wanted to move here, so if they wanted her to help, then they were shit outta luck. Because she didn't want to be here at all. "Clove, where do think you're going?" "Away from here mom," she replied with the same false sweetness from before, but she made sure to add a twisted grin so that her mother knew she was doing it deliberately this time. "You'll stay here and unpack young lady," was her father's contribution. Yeah right, cause that was totally happening. Snorting, she turned away and gave a shake of her head. "Sorry, since you insisted on dragging me here, I'd like to take a look around. Bye!" And with that she turned and stalked off. They wouldn't follow her, they never did and she knew that, she was relying on it. Oh sure she'd probably get told off later and yeah they'd purposefully leave all her boxes for her to carry upstairs and unpack, but she really didn't see why she had to stay and help when she didn't even want to be here in the first place. If they were going to force her to be here, then she wanted to know where exactly HERE was, and just how bad this place was. So it was with this in mind that she started down the tree lined streets, feeling her nausea grow with every step. Because this place looked so damn boring and prissy and she was probably gonna get lost, if she wasn't already. Where the hell was the centre of the town anyway? Her parents had said it wasn't far from the centre of town but, she'd been walking for… Flipping open her phone, she checked the time and scowled upon realising she'd been walking for over an hour and all she saw was street after street of bloody houses! She was tempted to go back, but well she didn't know how to, so fuck it, she'd just keep going and hope she finally found the town centre soon. And then finally a little while later, she turned a corner and the houses gave way to shops. Not exactly a town centre as she'd call it, but it was obviously what her parents had meant because there DID seem to be a big town square and a lot of shops and things. But it was not quite what she'd been expecting at all. Yep, it was now more than official, this move fucking sucked! Huffing, she made her way to the big supermarket and stalked down the aisles just for something to do. And well maybe also to get a drink, she could use a soda right now, it was quite warm out after all. Ignoring the odd looks she seemed to be getting from the people she was moving past, she finally located the pop aisle and moved towards the cola section. God this town was not exactly small, but somehow everyone here seemed to already know her as an outsider. Great, just what she needed having been forced to live in this place, to be seen as the outsider from the second she stepped into the damn place. She made a mental note to 'thank' her parents for bringing her here later and snagged a bottle of cola off the shelf. Turning, she rolled her eyes at the security guard standing at the nearby aisle entrance, with his thick arms folded over his rotund belly and walked past him, holding up the pop as she headed for the checkouts. Feeling like sharing her annoyance and making someone else feel it too, she smirked at him and wiggled her fingers in a lazy sham of a wave. When he glared back at her, she cackled and moved to stand in line at the nearest and shortest queue. Idly, she fiddled with her wallet and let the smirk drop as the guy in front of her took his time counting out every last bit of change to pay for his items apparently. On impulse and purely because he was being a dick, she grabbed a packet of gum from the stand next to the check out and tapped her foot angrily