Okay, this is a new fic (new to the site but not new to me since I've been working on it for over a year and a half for some ungodly reason) which I've wanted to write for a quite a while and share with you guys. I'm trying not to reveal too much too early on without making it dull so thanks for clicking on in the first place. I hope that it's enjoyed by all and that if anyone has any questions then shoot! I promise Bella that I'll call her when my flight lands, grinning as I turn my cell off and board the plane. My mom decided that I was depressed, which propmtly lead to her deciding that she couldn't handle that and it's been way too long since I saw my uncle and Bella. What she really means is that my 'depression' doesn't bring any cash in when it comes to her drinking and/or drugs, so she's not interrested. Her boyfriend was pleased when I announced that I was staying in Forks for the summer, so pleased in fact that he grinned my way and I haven't seen him since. We don't get along so I don't care. I've never been on a plane before, since when I was a kid we used to drive all the way here, but then my mom got stuck on all kinds of shit until we never had the cash for anything. It took me over ten jobs and four years to get my prized posession -my motorbike- and my plane ticket. Don't get me wrong, I love my mom, but I can only take so much of her before I crack. As people pile onto the plane I can't help but smirk down at the book I'm reading as a tall, slightly gorgeous guys sits next to me. No one sits the other side of him. He must notice when my fingers grip the armrests particularly tightly as the plane starts to creep forwards. "You okay?" He asks me, turning in his seat. I notice that he has incredibly blue eyes, framed by glasses that are held together by a small piece of duct tape. Blond curls fall in a mop at the top of his head. Nodding, I reply. "Yeah, I, uh- Shit, sorry, I've never been on a plane before." He smirks my way, nodding once. "Well, if it helps at all, I go on a plane every month and can assure you that we're the safest people here." He tells me, smiling down at me. "I'm Fred, by the way." I look up at him, and God he really is gorgeous. "I'm River." I reply, squeezing my eyes shut while the plane's wheels pick up from the ground, only to slam back down again, doing this at least five times before Fred places his hand over my own. "Don't worry," He whispers, suddenly his breath is by my ear. "it does this every time." He tells me as it bounces again. This time though, the front end pulls up and we're flying. We're literally flying! Holy shit, this is incredible. Once the plane's off the ground and we're in the air I open my eyes. Fred and I get talking and even go as far as to exchange cell numbers. He tells me that he's been on vacation with his mom and is going to Washington to see his grandmother for a few weeks, apparently she's quite sick and this may be the last time he gets to see her. I tell him that I too am going to Washington, but to see my uncle and cousin. I tell him that it's pretty crappy at home and I wanted a break. I wonder aloud why we're both okay with telling one another everything and he simply grins at me and replies that it's because we both wear glasses. We laugh together and chat aimlessly for the rest of the flight until the plane lands. We walk together to the baggage claim area, talking about books and movies. "It isn't humanly possible for you to have enjoyed reading The Fault In Our Stars!" He exclaims, yanking an enormous grey duffle from the belt, slinging it over his shoulder. I laugh. "Oh, come on! It's a fantastic book-" "It tore my heart out." He says, deadpan. "But, I will forgive you for your crimes if you tell me which your favourite book is in the Harry Potter series." Crap. "I've only read the first three." I tell him, laughing as he gasps in horror. He shakes his head. "This isn't funny." He tells me, grabbing his bag and opening it before shoving practically his entire arm into it. "Lucky for you," He says, his tongue poking out a little with concentration. "I have the entire set with me." He finishes, pulling out all of the books. I can't help but laugh. "You're well prepared, huh?" I tease. He grins down at me, a charming grin as he pushes the books into my own bag. "Read them and mail them to me." He tells me, and I see something flash in his eyes. He really must be the most trustworthy guy ever. I open my mouth to protest, but he puts his finger over my lips and shakes his head. "I know you won't steal them." He tells me confidently, looking with me for my bag. When I grab my bag Fred tells me that he can see his sister and grandmother, so we say our goodbyes and I head towards the exit. I turn my cell on and call Bella the second I'm outside. "Hey, Bells." I say as she picks up. "Hey, River! We're here, where are you?" She asks me, excitement and worry clear in her tone. "Oh, wait, I think I see you," She tells me, and the line goes mega quiet. There is literally no air left in my lungs as I'm tackled from the side, smashed into a stray trolley and squeezed within an inch of my life. "Bells... can't... breathe!" I gasp, surprised at how strong she is for someone only a little taller than me. "River!" She squeals excitedly, releasing me with a small huff. "God, how have you been? I swear I haven't seen you in like five years or something! Ooh, you've dyed your hair, I always loved your natural colour but this suits you, yeah the black looks good on you. You've got a tan, I'm so jealous! I love your glasses, they've got that retro nerd look, you're rocking them." She talks for America, honestly. I don't remember her ever being this talkative. She's grown since I last remember, she's about five four now. She yaps on for another minute or so before I notice Uncle Charlie walking over with a tall boy. A tall gorgeous boy. Now, Fred was hot, but this guy is insanely cute, maybe even pretty? I only say pretty because he's got hair that any girl would die for, and he's got plump lips. I turn my gaze away from the stunning boy that is probably Bella's boyfriend for just that reason. I don't know him so he's not here for me. He's here because he's with Bella, so he's off limits. It's not as if I'd be able to get with a guy like him anyway. I've never kissed a guy before, but since I dropped out of school when I was twelve I didn't really have a chance to be around them. I lost all of my friends when I dropped out becuause I didn't have the money or time to go out with them so they started to ignore me. I'm used to it now though. Uncle Charlie introduces the boy as Jacob Black, so as he sticks his hand out with a grin, I take it, shake it, and drop it. Jacob doesn't seem at all put out by me dropping his hand so quickly, he merely grins down at me. "So, you're River?" He asks me, I simply nod. "Uh, I have to go to get my bike." I say to no one in particular as we all begin to walk. (I don't know how this would work so I'll just do it my way) The three of them follow me to the baggage claim for large packages. I hand my ticket and boarding pass to a man with a gun and wait while he disappears through some doors, then comes back a minute later with my ticket, boarding pass, and the key to my bike. He nods in approval. Tall, handsome, looking at me. Today really is my lucky day when it comes to cute guys. He smiles politely at the others. "It's a neat bike you've got there," He says, his stone gaze softening. "I moved that one myself and can tell you that it's in B Thirteen in the furthest car park." He tells me. Our hands brush lightly as I take my stuff from him and he grins widely at me. I must blush because he chuckles, going back to his desk. "If you guys show me where you're parked then I can just follow you out." I tell them, stuffing my key into my pocket along with the other papers. Bella frowns, telling me that I only just got here and should be in the car with them. "It's fine, and I'm mega tired and no fun to be around right now." "Nonsense, I'll get it in the back of the truck and stay in there. You get in with Charlie and Bells. It'll be cheaper in fuel too." Jacob suggests, his grin warm and calming. Butterflies flap uninvited around my stomach. Crap. "I'll just go on my bike, it's not bother, and I need to call my brother to let him know I arrived okay." I say, lying slightly. My brother, Nathanial, won't be expecting my call, but Charlie doesn't know that Nate lives in England now. Charlie doesn't know that Nate left me there five years ago, the day he was old enough to leave. Charlie doesn't know that everything's gone downhill since I was last here. Charlie's gaze meets mine. "You can't drive and be on the phone-" "I've got a headset built into my helmet. I like listening to the radio and stuff while I ride." I tell him, shrugging. "And you know, if it's my company you'll be missing then I can call Bella." I add, trying to smile good naturedly, but I can't. These are people who I will be around for the next three months, I can't pretend to be happy and up beat when I'm not. They take anothe twenty minutes of convincing before it's finally agreed that I'll simply follow them back to Forks. We're stopping by the grocery store on the way back because Charlie's pleased about having someone else in the house who eats unhealthily with fries and the like. Jacob says he'll come in with us to grab something for his dad's dinner, but Charlie waves a dismissive hand, telling him that the two of them are coming over tonight for the game. "Who's playing tonight?" I ask as we head towards where my bike is parked. I take my thick glasses off while we walk, wiping them with my shirt. "San Francisco Forty Niners and the Philidelphia Eagles." Charlie replies. "Eagles are-" "Gonna lose." I supply. Charlie looks both taken back and betrayed. "Sorry, but Forty Niners have this in the bag." Charlie shakes his head, sighing. "I think it's for the best that we're not in the same vehicle for an hour or so," He jokes, nudging me while we walk. "Whoa," Jacob breathes as we approach the line of motorcycles. My bike is one of the few possessions that I have, so to say that I take pride in it is an understatement. It's the most