Here it is! I am so excited! I really am! This is my new fic, which I also submitted this first chapter to be part of PIP, day seven black and white of color week over on tumblr. This is cannon. Mr. Everdeen and Mr. Hawthorne will still be killed in the mines. Prim will still be reaped, Katniss will still volunteer, and her and Peeta will still win the games when they are sixteen. Oh, Mrs. Mellark is quite nasty in this one. There is abuse. That is why I rated it T. As always I need to thank sohypothetically. She has become a great friend, and with her help, she has made this better. And my friend Miss. She still listens to me when I start talking about this, and will read when I ask her to. I know you dont have to, but you still do. Thank you! and I need to thank the hubs. He kept small people busy so I could work on this while sitting in the woods last weekend. let me know what you think... It is a crisp September day in the district. Instead of walking by the bakery to see the cupcakes in the window, Katniss and Prim rush home because Daddy is supposed to be there. The miners are having to work mandatory overtime these days, but he said last night that he is going to get off early today. Daddy also promised Katniss that he is going to take her to the forest because he just might have a surprise for her. They run into the house to both of their parents sitting at the kitchen table. "Daddy you're home!" Katniss exclaims. He pulls her in for a hug. "I told you I would be. I even told the supervisor that I had to see my girls today before the sun goes down." That is when Katniss notices that he is sitting there in what he calls his hunting clothes; his dark green shirt, pants and his boots. Not the ones he wears in the mines, but the soft, well, worn ones he wears into the forest. Daddy watches her expression and asks, "What is a matter Kit-Kat?" She gives him a shrug and wraps her arms around his neck. Prim comes to join them and to be a part of their hug. "Nothing is wrong, Daddy. I'm just glad that you are here." He pulls back so he can look at both of them. Giving them quick kisses on their upturned noses, he says, "I'm glad to be here too. Katniss, if you are coming with me then go change." He sees the pout that Prim gives him. He swoops her up to sit on his lap. "Now while she is doing that, tell me what Mama has been teaching you lately." Katniss can hear Prim start to recite the different plants she has been studying. She quickly puts on her hunting clothes that Mama just finished taking in for her. Daddy's old shirt swallows her whole, but the pants fit now. And she doesn't even have to wear her belt. She picks up her boots to put on in the kitchen, when she hears Prim asking if he could bring her home a bit of witch hazel because they are running low. They all look up when she comes back to the table and puts on her boots. Lily asks Katniss, "How was school?" "It was alright. Mrs. Cartwright was the substitute teacher today. Delly said something to Peeta during class and Mrs. Cartwright almost took Delly outside to spank her. Peeta said that it was his fault and nothing else happened. It was weird, Daddy." "What was weird, Kit-Kat?" "Well, why would Mrs. Cartwright be ready to spank Delly, but when Peeta said that something was his fault, she dropped it. Why didn't she spank Peeta? Or at least send him to the principal?" Lily and Jack's eyes meet, and a knowing glance passes between them. There has been rumors for years about how Anna Mellark treats her boys. It seems that Beth knows about the rumors too. And since the shoe store is next to the bakery, she might have seen the abuse too. With it as good as being confirmed, Lily says, "I don't know. Maybe she would have talked to Peeta after class about it? What did they do?" Katniss shrugged. "They were just talking, I guess. But Mrs. Cartwright was in the middle of telling us our partners for the project that we are starting next week." Prim breaks in, "Who is your partner?" With a shrug, Katniss says, "I don't know. Mrs. Cartwright didn't get a chance to tell us because of Peeta and Delly." Everyone laughs. Lily says, "Well, no wonder she wanted to spank Delly. She was just trying to get her work done. Are you two going into the woods?" Jack looks at Katniss who is bouncing with excitement. "Yeah, I guess I'll take her into the woods…" and he is cut off when Katniss punches him in the arm. With mock hurt, he rubs his arm. He says jokingly, "Don't hit your poor old man. I get to teach you how to shoot with that arm." Katniss scowls at him as he laughs. Prim interrupts their banter and says, with worry in her voice, "Mama, do you think Peeta really gets more than spanked at home? He seems so nice." Jack sees the distress on her face and pulls her to sit on his lap. He pulls her into a hug. "My little Primrose, always worried about everyone else. The Mellark's will be fine. Peeta will be fine." He kisses her on the forehead. "Go with your mother. Greasy Sae got hurt today. She might need stiches." "Ok, Daddy. You and Katniss be careful in the woods." "What do you mean Beth had to tell you to be quiet today?" "Mother—" Peeta stutters. 'Don't Mother me. I told you that you better not make me angry this week. And here it is, you are doing it on purpose! You should be ashamed of doing that to me!" "M-mother. I didn't do anything. Delly asked—" She slaps him across the cheek. "Look, I know that Delly is a friend of yours. But she is doing nothing but getting you into trouble. What were you two talking about?" Peeta's little heart clenches. He can't tell Mother that they were talking about if Katniss and her family are coming to the Harvest Festival this year. So he pauses for a moment to think of something else besides Katniss. Mother takes that as him not wanting to tell her. He is surprised when her hand grabs his arm, and jerks him around so he is facing the bread table behind him. His breath catches in his chest when she says quietly so the customers up front won't hear her, "Bram, bring me Daddy's shaving strap. Peeta, put your hands on the table and don't move. You need to learn a lesson and I'm going to teach it to you." Bram pales at her words. When she gets quiet, that is when you know you are in trouble. Besides she is asking for the shaving strap. And all the boys know by now, that if you get it with that, you aren't going to sit down for a while. Bram goes quickly and tries to think of something he can do to make Peeta's punishment less harsh. Before he can think of something , mother grabs the strap out of his hands. It swings through the air so fast and makes contact that it takes Peeta's breath away. He knows that he can't cry out, what if a customer hears? So he keeps his cries in. Besides, she isn't going to see him cry. Not when she is spanking him because of Katniss Everdeen. "I asked you a question. When I ask you a question, I expect an answer. Not for you to be silent. Now tell me, what were you and Delly talking about?" "The Harvest Festival, Mother. That is all." he chokes out as he looks down at the floor. She lifts his chin with her finger so she can look into his eyes. "I don't like it when you disappoint me. Please don't do that again." His little eleven-year-old, heart has come to grips that his mother isn't going to hug and kiss him like other mama's do. But he doesn't understand why she has to be so hard on them. They are good boys. At least that is what Daddy says. He gets so confused sometimes. The teachers at school always brag about how the Mellark boys are so wonderful. But then Mother tells them things like this. All he knows is he needs to go somewhere besides the bakery. "Am I dismissed?" he asks quietly. "You can go to your room. Do you have any homework?" "Yes, ma'am." And he goes quietly up to their room with Bram following. "Are you ok?" Bram asks. Peeta shrugs. "Yeah, I'm fine." He goes into their room and shuts the door in Bram's face, wanting to be left alone. Peeta is glad that their room faces the fence, and not the town side. He opens the window and leans out to see if anyone is behind the bakery. When he sees no one, he throws down the end of the rope the boys pooled their allowance together and bought. He slowly shimmies down the rope, and grunts when he lands on his sore bottom. He feels something wet back there, and hopes that he landed in a puddle and that it's not blood. Without another thought about anything but getting away, he leaves his back yard. Katniss and her daddy walk to the meadow. It's close to where their Capital-assigned house is in the Seam. She follows him in the faint path around the edge of it to the opening in the fence. "Kit-Kat, remember that you always need to listen to see if the fence is on. You don't want to be touching it." "Yes, Daddy." And she scoots under while he holds it for her. He looks behind him again, and follows her. They walk about five hundred feet until they come to the hollow log that he uses to store his bow. Jack reaches in and pulls out his bow, and then gives Katniss a big grin. "Reach in Kat. There is something in there I can't quite reach." She reaches into the log and feels something wrapped in cloth. She looks at her dad in confusion and pulls it out. It's almost as tall as she is, and very light. "Go ahead and open it." Slowly she pulls the fabric and underneath is a shiny bow. "What is this?" she asks. "It's your bow, Kat. I just finished carving it. I would have waited until the winter holiday, but I figure that the Harvest Festival is good enough!" She throws her arms around him and says, "It is the best present ever! Thank you, Daddy!" Jack wishes so much. Living in district 12 is hard. He has been hearing the rumors that something is going to happen. It needed to happen years ago. He loves his girls so much. It kills him more and more every day to think about them maybe having to go into the games. He hopes he never has to see that day. But just in case, he is going to teach the both of them how to defend themselves. Though he can't imagine either one them in the arena. Katniss feels Daddy's arms tighten around her before he lets her go. She loves her parents like any normal kid does, and she loves her mama. But her daddy is her hero. He always has been. She is starting to get an idea of how much he actually works for them in