This is a little something that I wrote for a prompt for a secret Santa exchange. Well it seems that I was sent the wrong person to write for. So I decided to post it anyways. I will admit that it was more of a challenge to write historical. This is set during the war if you will, in the fall, beginning of winter in the mountains of North Carolina. All of the men between the Everdeen's and the Hawthorne's except for Vick is gone to fight. In the short time I have been writing for the Hunger Games fandom, I have made some friends. Friends, that if they wasn't so far away, I would go hang out with them. Or invite them over for dinner. Izzysampson is one of them. I adore her. If you haven't read any of her stuff, then you are missing out. She is as nice and as sweet as you think she would be after reading one of her fics. Thank you Izzy for helping me with this! I really couldn't have done this without you! Then I need to thank dianaflynn for beta-ing. She is another one I would love to hang out with. And sohypothetically. Thank you for listening and for being there. I still owe you a beer! She tightens up Daddy's quiver that is slung around her shoulders, and continues prowling towards the house. She is deadly silent as she creeps along, the dried yellow and red leaves that litter the floor of the forest, don't dare to make a sound to interrupt the young huntress. Her gaze never rests as it roams from the top of the pines that still hang on to their evergreen branches, all the way down to forest floor; where she looks for anything she can bring as an offering to her hungry family. There is a rustle behind her, and she ducks behind a tree. She draws an arrow, and notches it, slowly she looks around the huge pine. There, not even 20 feet from her stands the buck that she has been searching for. Her heart leaps into her throat, but she takes a calming breath so she can focus. Raising the bow up, she takes aim, getting the deer in her sight. Releasing the breath that she is holding, she lets her arrow fly. She watches it with a thankful prayer as it finds it home in the neck of the elusive beast. His heart beats only once more, before he falls with a thud echoing through the silent forest. A small, grateful smile graces her face. On hunter's feet, she quickly claims her kill. She stands there for just a moment, watching the buck's blood turn the yellow leaves red. She shakes her head to snap herself out of the daze she slipped into and looks around for a way to get the two hundred pound deer home. Just when she reaches for the hatchet so she can make something to get the deer home with, she hears a voice that is trying to be quiet, but the trees that surround them help to echo her voice, "Katniss! Katniss, where are you?" "Prim, I'm over here." Katniss replies in her normal volume. She sees her sister come around the trees and into the clearing where she stands. "Look what I got." Prim looks at the buck, and a grin splits her face. Throwing her arms around her sister, she squeezes as hard as her hunger ravaged body will allow. "What do you need?" "I'm going to go chop down those oak saplings. Can you find some vines?" this time, her hatchet leaves her belt. "Don't go too far." She says to Prim who is walking back the way she just came. "There is some honeysuckle over there. I'll be right back," Prim answers. Katniss starts chopping, and soon the trees are cut and striped, with the vines woven together. It takes both of the girls to wrestle the buck, but he is quickly tied and they are dragging him home. Thankfully, they aren't too far from their farmhouse. Katniss's old collie, Blue, greets them the moment they are in the yard and Prim's cat, Buttercup following close behind. The woods surrounds their big farmhouse. It's one of the only farmhouses on Pumpkintown, in North Carolina, where everyone else has cabins, Jack Everdeen promised Lily Rose Bishop years ago that if she married him, he would build her the house she always wanted. It was one spring day, when he came by her father's doctor's office riding his prized stallion. Lily didn't even look back when she ran out and climbed up in front of him. They went to, the neighboring town and were married at the courthouse. That night they went back to Amie Everdeen's cabin. There waiting on her porch was Lily's hope chest. Inside, were the things that she had made over the years, but not any of the things her mother had made or that her daddy had bought for her. The Bishops never talked or acknowledged their daughter or new husband. It was right after that, Jack cleared the home place he picked out, and started building Lily's farmhouse. His gift for all she sacrificed. Lily sits on the porch, with the quilt she had made for her wedding bed wrapped around her shoulders, rocking and looking down their long drive. She glances up when the girls approach the porch, and her eyes light up when she sees the buck behind them. She doesn't say anything, but jumps up and runs into the house. Katniss and Prim set down the travois, and Katniss pulls a rag out of Daddy's pants that she is wearing and wipes the blood off of her hands. After Daddy left to go fight in the war against the north, because he was convinced that he had to go fight to save the five hundred acres that they are barely holding onto to begin with, Katniss decided that it would be better for her and Prim to do the chores around the house in his old britches. Had he still been at home, he never would have allowed them to do that, but since he has been gone, a lot of things have changed, not just them doing the chores in his pants. They were able to have a big garden this summer, harvesting enough to get them through the winter and even have seed for the next year. Katniss is just thankful for their mountains that have protected them from the invading armies on either side of the Mason-Dixon Line. There have been a couple of deserters that have come around, but she only hears about them when Vick Hawthorne tells her about them. Katniss, who just turned eighteen the May before, and Prim who is fourteen, go to school with the Hawthorne kids. Well they did go until the town shut down the school because of the war. And before that, they lost over half of the one room school house when every boy over the age of 16 left to go enlist, and those who didn't enlist, was drafted into the confederate army. And much to Hazelle Hawthorne's dismay, eighteen year old Gale signed up the same day Lincoln declared war. Her heart broke when she discovered that fifteen year old Rory ran away that same night. It has been 3 years since then and as far as they know, both boys, well men now, are at least still alive. Every time Hazette got a letter from either one of them, she, along with posy and Vick would come over and share it. The neighbors are also help each other when they need each other, since Jack Everdeen is still away at war, and Colton Hawthorne has been dead for several years now. Mama comes back out of the farmhouse carrying the knives that Daddy always used when he butchered a deer. Daddy had gotten some pulleys one time, and using them, Katniss and Prim are able to pick the buck up off the ground so they can get to work. With both of the girls working together, soon they have it broken down into useful parts and bits. Keeping everything from the bones that she can trade in town, to the intestines to make sausage. Prim takes the hide into the barn so she can stretch it out to dry. Katniss smiles after her, remembering how she said just yesterday that she was going to make everyone moccasins for Christmas this year. Lily pats Katniss on the back and praises her, "You did good, baby. Daddy would be proud." Katniss only nods because if she says anything, she will probably cry. She doesn't have time to miss him, so instead she picks up the sharp filet knife so she can start to make jerky and mama can get the sausage started. The Everdeen's leave early the next day. Blue, being the good dog that he is, walks them to the end of the road and then sits. Katniss isn't sure if he actually stays there all day, but he is always there waiting when they get back. They walk down the dirt road that winds through the forest leading right to the Hawthorne farm. The Hawthorne's Shepard mix, Bandit runs out to greet them with a friendly bark followed closely by ten year old posy. Posy runs to Prim first, throwing her arms around her and then gives Katniss a big hug too. Lily returns the hug, too. "Where is your mother at?" Lily asks. "She is in the barn with Bessie. She is having her calf today." Posy says excitedly. Lily as only a healer of all living things can do, steps into action, and walks quickly to the barn. "I guess mama is staying to help?" Prim says. They all follow Lily into the barn, and find Hazelle in the stall beside Bessie. The November morning is unusually cold and overcast, but it's warm and toasty in the barn. Lily takes her coat off, handing it to Katniss, and slides into the stall. Katniss stays back, trying to stay out of the way. Greasy Sae always told her that if she ever had any bones to trade, that she wanted first dibs on them, as long as it was before eleven o'clock. The walk to town is only a forty minute walk, but it's almost 9:30 and she didn't want to waste any time getting there. "Are you staying to help?" Katniss asks Prim. Prim nods. "Mama has that look. I'll stay with her in case they need any help." "I don't want Katniss walking all the way to town by herself." Lily says "Mama, I'm eighteen years old. When you were eighteen, you had a baby. I think I can walk to town by myself." Katniss says. "When I was eighteen years old, there wasn't a war going on either. Vick can go with you," Lily says firmly. With a huff, Katniss turns away from the barn and starts to walk to the house. She hears posy asking, "Can I go with Katniss, too mama?" she doesn't hear Hazelle's reply, but she guesses it must have been yes when she hears both Vick and posy's footsteps behind her. She opens the cabin door, and sets the packet of meat down on the table. The fire is roaring in the fireplace, and she pauses a moment to warm her hands. She hears posy and Vick behind her, and she turns to watch them getting their thicker coats on. Her breath catches when she sees that Vick has finally grown into the coat that once belonged to Gale and then Rory. She blinks fast to keep the tears from escaping when she thinks about the easy friendship she had with Gale and Rory. She reminds herself that she doesn't have time to miss any of them. "Are you