Hello my dear readers! Yep, here is a new one. Yeah, I'm not sure what I'm thinking either. but I hope that you approve! I need to thank gentlemama and fremous for looking over this for me! I don't own anything… and let me know what you think! And this is part of prompts of panem over on tumblr… Kink He asked me out on a Friday, we hung out on Saturday, and Sunday morning we are in my little barely-used kitchen making cheese buns. Now let me tell you first, I'm not that kind of girl. Well, maybe I am when it comes to Peeta Mellark. Don't think that this is a casual one night stand. We've known one another for years, since elementary school, really. We graduated and everyone went their separate ways as people who grow up together do. It was a year ago when I was in Raleigh. I had just finished up a long day of city people trying to tell me how to better watch over my several thousand acres of forest that they have never even set foot in, when I ran into the nearest bakery. I wasn't paying attention, just really wanted to grab something before I drove the several hours home. And ever since Mellark's closed back home, I'd been searching for the perfect cheese bun again. There are several people ahead of me, which was fine. It gave me a chance to look over the chalkboard menu above the counter. There is something about the handwriting that seems familiar… It's then I start noticing my surroundings. I'm not sure, but don't I know that basket sitting on the counter? Now I know it sounds silly that I would know a basket of all things, but that basket sitting on the counter is doing funny things to my heart. I've heard stories about that basket. Then add to that the flash of blond hair, behind the counter, well now all of the air has left the room. As I remind myself to breathe, the person in front of me accepts their order and steps aside answering the questions rolling around my head. his hair might be darker since the twelve years since graduation, but his Carolina blue eyes are still as bright as the take me in. He, who is always so good with his words, is the first to say something. "Katniss?" I nod, and I think I take a step forward, which I must have because all of a sudden I'm in front of him still, speechless. His voice cracks like it used to in sixth grade when Mr. Mehaffey would make us read out loud. "What are you doing in Raleigh?" I clear my throat and say, "I'm working for the forest service now, and had to come and do training stuff. What are you doing here?" His cheeks grow pinker than they were a moment ago, and he runs his fingers that have flour on them through his curls. It's not until that moment that I realize that I have missed my boy with the bread as I used to think of him. Not that he was ever really mine. But I used to like to imagine that he was. "I moved here to go to school, then when I messed up my knee, I couldn't keep the scholarship." I step even closer, wondering why I didn't hear anything about this through the gossip vine back home. "I hate to hear that." Is it just me, or does his cheeks grow even pinker? "It's mostly better now. I wouldn't want to try to wrestle anyone." I'm not sure where the words, "Well I bet you could take me," come from. Maybe because it's been a year since someone wanted to hold me close? Or maybe it's the fact that my sixth grade crush is standing in front of me making me feel what I did back then? But then a grin that I don't think I've ever seen appears on his face. He hollers, "Hey Rue! Come out here." A teenage girl, many years younger than Peeta or I comes out of the back. He doesn't take his eyes off of mine, while I think he is telling her something. I'm getting too lost to really pay attention. He only breaks the stare down to grab something out of the display case and starts to come around. I step to the side, when I realize that there are people waiting behind me. He walks over to me, and grabs my hand. I think the last time Peeta Mellark touched me was at the eighth grade dance. I had gone only because Prim had wanted me to. I mostly danced with my friends, but it was the very last dance of the night when he came over to me. It felt like my heart was going to gallop out of my chest when he asked me to dance with him. Without a word, I followed him to the middle of the floor and I put my hands on his shoulders. He held my waist and we wobbled back and forth like the awkward eighth graders we were. I think we were both too nervous to say anything. His touch, right now, well have you ever had that feeling that you are missing something but don't know what it is? Well I think I've been missing his touch. Seeing his eyes every day in band, just knowing that he is somewhere in my universe, even if we never talked but on band trips or when we needed a pencil. He doesn't let go of me, as he leads me through the kitchen and into a door in the back. There is a couch, a desk and other normal office stuff. He stops once we are inside, and then he turns to look at me again. He licks his lips, and almost looks like he wants to kiss me. I think I want him to. Instead he gives me the napkin he is holding and says, "Sit, please," gesturing to the couch. I sit down, setting my purse beside me and then open up what he handed me. Inside is my holy grail, one of the famous Mellark cheese buns. I look up at him, and he is leaning on his desk watching me. I stammer, "Thank you. You know, ever since the bakery closed- why did your parents close the bakery?" "They were ready to retire. I had just gotten married, and opened this one so they closed it." I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do. All of a sudden the cheese bun in my hand doesn't hold the same appeal that it once did. I look at his left hand, but there isn't a ring there. I know from work that many men don't wear one at all. I'm not sure why I was getting excited about seeing him again. Why wouldn't' he be married after all this time? I ask instead, "How long have you had the bakery opened?" I won't look at him, afraid that he will be able to see everything I was just thinking about on my face. "It's been about five years now. After the divorce-" I interrupt, looking up to meet his eyes again. "You're divorced?" He smiles, bitterly. "Amelia decided that she would rather do anything than to be a mother to Knox." "You have a son?" I ask, hating how it makes me feel. I'm jealous, but not that he had this other relationship. I'm jealous because I wasn't the one who gave him his son. This time, when Peeta smiles, it's a genuine one that lights up the whole room. He reaches behind him and grabs a picture off of his desk and hands it to me. I'm looking at a perfect copy of Peeta when he was that age. "How old is he? Four?" "He just turned five." Peeta says. Yep, just how I remember him in kindergarten is looking back at me. "He looks just like you did." Peeta comes over to sit beside me on the couch. "He does?" I'm sure that he already knows that, but I tell him anyway, "Yes he does. Where is he now?" "He's with Dad. Mom passed away a year ago-" I lay my hand on his arm, not meaning to interrupt him, but he stops talking anyway. So I say, "I'm sorry to hear that." He nods. "It was a heart attack. We had no idea she even had heart disease. Dad will come in and open and while I get Knox ready for preschool. Then Dad will pick him up." I set the picture down on the arm of the couch. I was going to say something, but I can't remember what now that he is so close. He asks me, "How long are you going to be in town? Do you even still live in Asheville anymore?" "I'm actually on the way home now, but I stopped for something to eat on the way home and came in here. I do live in Asheville and work for the forest service." He smiles at me and it just adds to the nerves I'm already feeling. "What do you do at the forest service?" he murmurs. His voice does something to me and I have to remind myself that I'm leaving on a four hour drive back to the mountains very soon. "I was just promoted to a game warden." "You got your wish." "What wish?" I ask. "To spend all of your days in the woods." I nod. "I'm surprised that you remember that." My hand is resting on my leg, and he slowly puts his hand on top of mine. "I've always noticed you. It's you who wasn't paying attention." I'm not sure what I'm doing or thinking when I flip my hand over so we are palm to palm. His hand is so nice and warm, and steady, if I can describe it that way. Just his touch makes me want to curl up with him and never leave. I look up at him and reply, "Well, I'm paying attention now." His tongue darts out again to wet his lips and this time, I want to kiss him. He seems to be getting closer and closer to me when we hear a loud but young voice yell, "Daddy! Where are yooou?" He jumps up, leaving me wondering what in the hell almost happened when the owner of the voice comes running into the office. He ignores me and grabs Peeta's legs. Peeta grins sheepishly at me and I can't help but to return it. He waits for the little one to let go then he says, "Hey Knox, I want you to meet someone." The same Carolina blue eyes that his father has, land on me. Instead of being shy, he steps forward, sticks his little hand out. I take it, and he says, "How do you do? My name is Knox Mellark and I am five years old." I look up at Peeta who is standing behind his son who looks like he is trying his best not to laugh. "Hi, Knox. My name is Katniss and I went to school with your dad, so I'm the same age as your dad." "You did? So you're sixteen too?" He asks. I can't stop the smile but I do know not to laugh, at least not yet. I do look back up at Peeta who is chuckling. "Knox, I told you Daddy is thirty, not sixteen." Knox nods but I can tell he doesn't really understand. Then he climbs onto the couch where Peeta was just sitting. "Can you read me a book?" I nod, unable to tell him that I need to go home. Home, where no one is waiting on me except for my old lab, Jake, who is at the kennels. I