Hello! This is what I had written for my dearest Sohypothecially and for the fund raiser mores2sl. We were raising money for Hope for Caroline, an organization dedicated to help fight the childhood cancer known as DIPG. Enjoy! "Abigail Elaine! We are late for dance! Where are you?" Katniss watches her three-year-old niece run into the living room dragging her pink ballet bag behind her. "We can't be late Kitty!" She looks down to see that Abby's little crocs are on, her face is kind of clean and her blonde curls are escaping her messy baby bun. "Well we shouldn't be late, but sometimes you just can't help it." "You just can't," her little voice echoes. Katniss sweeps her up and pulls the front door shut behind them. On the way to her Jeep, she presses a kiss on Abby's neck, making the little one giggle, "Me walk, Kitty." She props her on her hip and opens the back door. Abby climbs into her car seat, wiggles into the shoulder straps. Katniss helps her finish buckling and then presses a kiss to her chubby cheek. "I know you can, but sometimes I just want to hold you. Is that ok, Abby-kins?" "No!" "No?" Katniss echoes, as she watches a scowl, that so closely mirrors her own appear on Abby's face. "Go dance now?" Katniss leans in and plants another kiss before she says, "Yes, are you ready?" Abby nods, and Katniss closes the door. She climbs into the driver's seat blinking back tears as bittersweet longing, reminds her of so much they have lost lately. Kpkpkpkp The Bradford pears starting to bloom, line the street where they now live. But Katniss' heartache is so palpable, she doesn't even see them. She has to fight the overwhelming urge to crawl back into her bed daily. Many times, taking care of Abby is the only reason why she even tries. Blindly, she drives to the dance studio which is only a couple of minutes away. Katniss pulls up into the crowded parking lot, and squeezes into the very last spot. By the time she has Abby out, and shuts the door, there are several other parents exiting with their little ones too. Abby skips beside her and they hustle across the parking lot and into the crowded waiting area. Katniss leads her to a not-so-crowded corner and sits on the floor. Abby is already digging in her bag and pulls out the sweet little white ballet shoes. Katniss helps her slip them on, and tucks her slip-on-shoes away. She stays on the floor and pulls her niece to her feet. Instead of the nervousness she had the first time they came, Abby is so excited that she bounces. She throws her little arms around her aunt's neck and giggles, "Me dance now?" Katniss exhales into her niece's embrace. Somehow, her little arms chase away the grief, when it should be her helping her little one. When Ms. Jill opens the door, Katniss kisses Abby on the cheek before she scoots into the studio. Still sitting on the floor, Katniss pulls out her cell. She doesn't even have a chance to turn it on, when a dusty pair of white tennis shoes appears next to her. Her eyes take in a white pair of equally dusty pants, she stops looking when a whiff of flour and bread brings back too many memories. Without realizing she is doing it, she leans in to get a closer look. Is that flour? The leg shifts, and the tennis shoe nudges her thigh snapping her out of her daze. "Watch out," Katniss grumbles. "Oh crap! Did I step on you?" A familiar baritone she hasn't heard in years, reaches her ears. She lumbers to her feet and after tugging her shirt down she meets the eyes belonging to the deep voice. "Peeta?" She chokes out, trying to breathe around the weight that just sat on her chest. "Katniss?" He croaks, looking as stunned as she is. "What are you doing here?" She looks down so he won't see the struggle on her face. "Prim- I have Prim and Cato's daughter now." She sees his hand out of the corner of her eye, and for a moment, she doesn't think he is going to touch her, but then he lays his hand on her arm. She closes her eyes and wills herself not to remember how he felt so long ago. His raspy voice flows over her sore heart, "The wreck, I tried to come to the funeral— wait, you're back?" She nods, blinking fast to keep her tears from falling. "They were living in Mom and Dad's old house." She guesses that he already knows that, but she continues anyway glad that her voice doesn't crack like she expects it to. "I figured it would be easier for Abby for me to move back instead of taking her to Tennessee." She pauses for a moment, letting herself look into his Carolina blue eyes- "Thank you for the primroses you sent." Don't cry now, not here, she begs herself. "Abby and I planted them last week. She loved them when I explained to her what they were." He smiles and runs his long graceful fingers through those damn blond curls, that can still make her heart flip in her chest. "I would've come to help if you needed me to." It's then, seeing his sheepish smile, she remembers that he is married now. To Belle, of all people. The perfect valedictorian, perfect cheerleader, perfect smile, perfect teeth, sweet-to-everyone-she-meets-Belle. Why does she want to smack her and pull all of her hair out? "How is Belle?" She asks. Peeta's face twists into a grimace before he schools his features back into a neutral mask. He clears his throat, "She's fine. She is out of town visiting friends, so I brought Callie to her first dance lesson." "I was wondering why you were here." She walks over to the window where parents can watch if they want to. "Which one is she?" A proud smile appears as he points to a little girl standing by Abby in the front, all dressed in pink. "That's Callie." Katniss smiles. "That's Abby she's talking to." They watch the two little blonde girls who have their heads together. "She looks like Prim," he whispers. "How is she doing? His gentle inquiry makes her heart flip. "She doesn't understand, half the time, she still asks when are Mommy and Daddy coming home. Hell, I don't understand either." Peeta murmurs, "I know it hasn't been easy for either one of you." She shakes head, but doesn't say anything, afraid that she will start crying. These days, only her pillow knows how much she cries. She doesn't have a chance to respond, when his phone starts ringing. He scowls at the phone, then looks up at her. "Can I—" Katniss nods. "Go ahead. I'll watch out for her." He quietly offers, "Thank you," before he heads to the door. Alone with her thoughts, a wistful smile appears when she remembers sharing her coloring pencils with him in first grade. She sighs when she remembers cruising town with him. Her lips tingle when she remembers how his lips felt against hers. She stops herself from remembering that awful night. Thankfully, little girls come out of the classroom bringing her back to the present. Abby has Callie by the hand and brings her over to her aunt. "Kitty, this Callie." Katniss crouches down and smiles. "Hello Callie, I'm Abby's Aunt Katniss." Eyes, the same Carolina blue search the room. "Daddy?" Abby lets go of her new friend's hand and gets her shoes out. "Callie shoes, Kitty?" Katniss pats Callie on the back, trying to calm her quivering lip. "Your Daddy had a phone call so he went outside to talk." She turns the little girl around so she can look out the glass door. "See? There he is. Let's get your shoes so we can go see him." Callie stares at Peeta, not taking her eyes off of him. "No shoes." Katniss takes her hand and then Abby's in the other. "Let's go see if he's ready to go then." They push the door open and Katniss hears Peeta hissing into the phone, "Not now. Damn it, Belle. When will you be home?" A long silence, then he barks into his cell, "Well, then I'll see you when you finally come home. Don't be upset if you find the locks changed." He looks her way, and flushes red. Their gazes are locked as he doesn't even look at the screen again as he slides it in his pocket. Callie runs to him, catching him around his knees. He looks much older than their twenty-eight years when he smiles weakly and says, "Hey, Baby Girl. How was dance?" Callie grins happy to see him. "Daddy, that Abby. Play?" Katniss is ready to cut in, but Peeta answers her first, "Not today baby. Mama isn't coming home tonight, so we need to go cook supper." He holds out his arms for her and she jumps right into them. Katniss isn't sure why her heart clenches when she sees their blonde heads together, but it does. "Ok, Daddy," Callie sighs. Abby slides her hand in Katniss' and squeezes tight. "We'll see you next week?" Peeta asks, his voice hopeful. Katniss nods. "We'll be here. Come on Abby-kins." The Everdeen's walk to their Jeep, and Katniss can tell that something is bothering her niece. Once Abby is in her seat, and Katniss buckles her up, Katniss asks, "What's a matter, sweet one?" Abby's little lip quivers and Katniss unbuckles her quickly, so she can pull her into her arms. "When will my Mama and Daddy be home?" Abby sobs. "Oh, baby," Katniss' tears join hers. She doesn't know what to say, so she shuts the back door and sits there with Abby in her lap. When she can half-way speak again, Katniss reminds her, "Mama and Daddy are in heaven. We'll see them again one day. Right now though, it's me and you. Will you let me take care of you?" Abby nods against her shoulder. "Love you, Kitty." Katniss kisses her temple. "I love you too. Let's go home, ok?" Abby climbs back into her seat, and Katniss turns them towards home. Kpkpkpkp Peeta wasn't at dance the next week. Or the next- Or even the next. When Katniss asks Ms. Jill about them, she shrugs her shoulders before another little girl demands her attention. Katniss waits impatiently. Finally, Ms. Jill says, "He called and apologized. And that Callie will have to try dance another time, maybe next year." Katniss walks out of the classroom and sits back on the bench. One of the mom's leans over and whispers, "I was in the bakery the other day. I heard that she left him." Katniss blinks a couple of times, speechless. Belle left Peeta? She is trying to wrap her mind around that as she pulls out her cell. She searches for Mellark bakery and quickly finds the website. She hasn't been in the bakery since high school. There was no reason to after they had that big fight. He left for college, which happened to be the same one that Belle had chosen. She wonders, not for the first time how long it took Belle to get her hooks into Peeta. After all, her golden all-star ex was every girl's crush back then. She left too, only to come back during holidays to visit Prim. Prim had called her just to tell her that Peeta and Belle was moving back to take over the bakery from his retiring parents who left the mountains for Florida. When her phone stops loading, she searches through the different tabs. She pushes the about us and when nothing but a picture of the inside of the bakery shows up, where before it was a picture of