Hello folks! I'm so excited about this one! I hope you will be too. As always, let me start off with thanking sohypothetically. She is really the best. She works so hard for herself, and then finds the time to help others just so that you, can understand the story we are trying to tell. And i know, she has looked at some of my stuff before thinking WTF? I'm glad she has been there. And then… I have found the best readers… my two m's. just from how excited you two get when I ask if you can read something, makes me want to sit and write all day. It really does. Thank you! That means a lot. And then there are other writers and readers in the fandom, here and on tumblr who are just incredible. They really are. So thank you for being a part of this… and for letting me tell you my stories too. Now, before you begin, I know, that not everyone is into this. And that is ok. My kink is not your kink. But if you like ropes… Katniss stares at the phone. Prim, her sister, who she is ridiculously proud of for getting a full scholarship to Duke University Medical School, called her in tears. All their hard work hasn't been enough: Prim doing every little job she could while home for the summer, Katniss working as much overtime as the company allowed her, and even picked up extra baby sitting and giving archery lessons on the weekends, and still it wasn't enough. Prim's tuition is paid. Promised that as long as she maintains the acceptable grade point average, and makes her supervising doctors happy, she can keep her spot. What the sisters didn't expect are the hidden costs. The cost of the books. The lab coats and scrubs she needs to go out on the floor. The dorms. Katniss puts as much as she can on her credit cards; but with limits of only $500, soon they are maxed out. Now, Prim needs even more money for insurance and to buy groceries for the week. She, of course, tells her that she will have some money in her checking account soon. Pay day isn't until next Friday, and Katniss doesn't even know how she is going to buy groceries for herself. She is just glad that the house she lives in is paid-for, curtesy of their parent's life insurance policies. She grabs her purse ready to go home, after a day at work at the new beer brewery. She meets her friend Madge leaving at the same time and they walk to their cars in the late afternoon sun. Madge asks, "How is Prim?" Katniss breathes a big sigh. Madge is one of her oldest friends, so she just opens up and tells her everything about her money worries. She knows Madge will understand. Even though she grew up with wealthy parents, the past recession took their savings. Madge now, like Katniss, has to live off of what she makes. Madge however, doesn't have a baby sister who just started medical school. "Let's go out tonight. You need a drink," Madge suggests. "No, I need to go home and start job hunting. I don't think archery lessons and baby-sitting for the neighbors is going to be enough to pay for insurance. I'll see you tomorrow." After a restless night, and no luck searching on the internet, Katniss walks into work grumpy and hungry. She hasn't eaten breakfast yet, because she knows that they always have doughnuts and bagels in the break room. She makes it to her desk to look over the paperwork that was left there, when Madge comes over to perch on her desk. "You should have come out with us last night." She smirks. "Who did you end up going out with?" Katniss asks. "I called Jo, and she brought Gale. We went downtown." Katniss can see her bouncing with excitement. "What happened?" "What do you mean what happened? Nothing happened." "You have had a crush on Gale Hawthorne for years. Did he actually talk to you, or was he all over Jo last night?" Madge blushes all the way to the roots of her hair. "We talked some. But I'm excited because I found you a job!" she says, a little too loud. Katniss hushes her. "I have job." Then she whispers, "What in the hell are you talking about?" Madge gives her a card out of her back pocket. "We met him last night in one of the bars. He was there practicing one of his workshops and mentioned that he needs a model. You are still doing yoga right?" she waits for Katniss to nod. "Call him. I think you two would do very well together." Katniss looks down at the card and reads the name and number out loud, "Peeta Mellark. 828-442-5556"' "Who is this guy? Modeling? I've never modeled anything before." Madge pats her on the back before she walks away. "Call him. I heard one girl say that he pays $60 an hour." That gives Katniss pause. She could do a lot with that much money. She puts the card in her pocket and decides to call him when she isn't in the office. Kpkpkpkpkp She gets home late that evening after volunteering to count kegs in the warehouse. She takes off her shoes at the door, and makes her a peanut butter sandwich with a left over bagel from the break room and turns on the news. Her phone rings in her purse. She pulls it out in time to answer it, along with the business card Madge had given her. "Hello, Madge." "Did you call about the job yet?" "No. I just got home." "Where have you been?" "Haymitch needed someone to do a warehouse count," Katniss says with a yawn. "You counted the whole warehouse?" "No just half of it. He said I could finish tomorrow." "Oh ok. Are you going to call tomorrow?" Madge asks. "I'll try." She can hear Madge grunt in disbelief. "I promise. Why do you want me to call him so bad? Why don't you take the job?" Madge laughs in her ear. "You need this more than I do. Besides, call it a hunch, but I have a feeling that you two are going to hit it off." "What are you volunteering me for anyway?" "I've got to go. I'll see you in the morning." Kpkpkpkpkp She skips breakfast again, so she can eat at work to save a little bit on food costs, and decides to go ahead and call the number on the card. A normal-sounding voice comes on, saying to leave a message for Peeta and someone from the studio will call back as soon as possible. She leaves her name and cell number and mutters something about calling because she heard they needed a model. By the time she hangs up, she is pulling into a parking spot at work. She isn't late, but she is hungry. So she rushes in, swings by the break-room, takes a bagel for now, and one for later, makes herself a mug of tea, and heads for her desk. She barely sits her tea down when her cell starts to ring in her pocket. Juggling her bagels before she drops them, she answers, "Hello?" "Is this Katniss Everdeen?" a deep husky voice asks her. It sounds familiar for some reason. "This is she." With a slight chuckle, he says, "My name is Finnick O'dair. I am Mr. Mellark's partner and he asked me to call you back. You said that you heard we needed a model?" She nervously clears her throat and says, "Yes, a friend of mine gave me his card. She said she met him in a club the other night." "Ah, yes. Mr. Mellark was trying out some new things before he hosts the workshop next month. Could you come by tonight? Say about seven?" Her mind draws a blank for a moment before she realizes what he said. "Tonight? You need me tonight?" "Yes, Ms. Everdeen. We need to meet you and make sure that we can all work together. Can you be here at seven?" "Yes! I mean yes. Sorry." She looks frantically for a pen and the sticky notes that are usually lying on her desk but for some reason have disappeared. "Can you tell me the address?" She quickly writes down the number and the street, recognizing that it's a warehouse somewhere in downtown Asheville. Mr. O'dair quickly bids her goodbye and hangs up. She sits there for a moment wondering what Madge has gotten her into. Kpkpkpkp Katniss uses some of her overtime so she can go home early. Madge still won't tell her anything about the mysterious Mr. Mellark, but she wants a chance to get cleaned up before she meets him. She lives north of Asheville, so it takes her about 15 minutes to get to the warehouse. She tries not to think about the scary movies Prim likes to watch when she pulls up into the parking lot. It seems that the whole area is deserted, and the one street light that happens to be across the road is out, so the only light is the one above the door. She almost turns her Jeep around, but even if this job pays ten dollars an hour, it would still be worth it. She gathers her courage, locks the door behind her, and goes to the door. The door is one of those heavy metal ones with a window in it. She looks in for a moment, trying to figure out what they are doing inside, when she sees a man coming to the door. Their eyes meet, and Katniss feels like he can see into her very soul. He opens the door and gestures for her to come in. Despite the uneasiness rolling in her stomach, she walks in the door which closes behind her with a loud click. Katniss takes a deep breath, and looks up at her mysterious host. He stands there watching her like a hunter would. Something tells her that he doesn't miss much. He extends his hand, and introduces himself. "My name is Finnick O'dair. And welcome to 'Twisted'." Katniss returns his handshake and says, "I'm Katniss Everdeen. Thank you for being able to see me so soon." Finnick doesn't immediately release her hand; instead pulls her closer and puts his arm around her shoulders. Katniss momentary wonders what he is doing, when he begins to lead her past the small reception area. There is only a receptionist's desk and a couple of uncomfortable looking chairs; then walks into a photography studio. There is a changing screen with a meadow on the front of it which looks a lot like the meadow she used to play in when she was little. There are also some low-lying beams with some curious pulleys attached to them. Before she gets a chance to look around anymore, another man comes out of the back. The first thing she notices about him are his eyes. She has never seen a shade of blue like that. They are beautiful, but haunted. Sandy-blond hair slightly falls into those eyes that she just can't seem to look away from. And then there is his perfect nose, and she notices it, but she can't stop looking into those eyes. His eyes are getting closer and she notices his lips moving, and it kicks in that she needs to be paying attention to what he is saying. "Finnick, is she ok?" She answers for him, "Sorry, it was a long day at work. I must be more tired than I thought." She offers him her hand and says, "I'm Katniss Everdeen. And a friend said that you needed a model?" She sees the men exchange a glance before he takes her hand. He steals her breath