Happy Thanksgiving everyone! I hope this holiday finds you and yours safe, happy and healthy. I was in the mood for something different, so enjoy! And there will be more… hehehe! Thank you to norbertsmom, littlerosie, notanislander, and gentlemama! "Are you sure about this?" His deep velvet voice touches her like only it can. "This is all your idea," she inhales a shaky breath, "are you getting nervous?" His Carolina blue eyes darken, with desire or annoyance she's not sure. At this point, it could be anything. He trails his finger down her bare side, leaving goose pimples in its wake. "Do you trust me, Katniss?" Her eyelids flitter, and she can feel her heart jump at the words that have come to mean. Even after a couple of years of marriage, his words wash over her like only they can, awakening her desire. Her gentle exhale along with her nod is her answer. "What's a matter, Kitten? Does the cat have your tongue?" She sticks out that same tongue at him. His brows raise, and she knows that she's in trouble. "I didn't—" she stammers. He steps closer to her, his heat reminding her of this game that they are playing. "Do you need to be punished?" Their hidden code, sorted out years ago and thoughts of what is in store for her, washes over her. Desires neither one ever talked about to anyone else before that drunken night so long ago come back in a warm rush. She swallows hard, and whispers, "Peeta?" His brow raises even higher. "Peeta?" He echoes. "Sir," she murmurs before she licks her lips as though every bit of moisture has left her. "May I have some water before we begin?" A smirk replaces the raises brows. "Oh Kitten, you forgot the magic word," he teases. The thrill of being dominated sends a zip of want through her. "Please, Sir, may I have some water?" "Of course, Kitten." He offers her a bottle of water, but she doesn't try to take it from him. This is part of their game, he's in total control. And she lets him. He lifts the bottle to her lips and she swallows eagerly, earning her a chuckle until some water dribbles from her mouth onto her bare breast. He lowers the bottle, clicking his tongue in disapproval. "Making a mess, are we?" She glances down at the droplets of water and says, "Sorry, Sir. I was being greedy." Peeta runs his finger through the moisture. The same finger spreads the wetness until he reaches her nipple, making it pebble under his touch. She can't stop the moan that escapes, and judging by the grin he shoots her, he doesn't mind at all. He offers her another sip, and this time when a little bit escapes, it's on purpose as it lands on her nipple. Their eyes meet, and he purrs, "I think, I'm thirsty too." "Well maybe you should help yourself," she encourages him. His tongue is lazy, as it circles her nipple. She watches him bite down on it, sending a shock of pleasure right to her core. Her hands find his blonde curls, as she demands that he stay where he is, pleasuring her. He pulls away so he can say, "I bought you something today." "You did?" her arms are still around him, and she squeezes him tight as she asks, "That was awfully sweet of you." "I did." He turns, and she knows that she is expected to follow. They end up in their kitchen, and not for the first time since they started playing their games she is glad that they live in a house on top of a mountain. And the closest neighbor is miles away. Lying on the table, is a long slender white box with the label of their favorite "toy" store along with another box from a store in the mall. She bites her lip, and she loves how he watches every move she makes. "May I?" she asks, her excitement making her breathless. "Open the big one first." She glances at him, and the look in his eyes makes her quiver before she turns her attention to the box. The lid comes off easy, and the wispy, pink tissue paper makes her smile. She slides her hands under the paper, and lifts the edges. Lying there, is a beautiful, red lace and satin baby doll nightie. Her cheeks flush red, not sure what to think. Ever since they have started playing their games, Peeta has insisted, and she willingly went along with his want of her being naked when they played. She tries to keep her face schooled, not wanting to show him what she is feeling when she feels his hands, his sweet, warm hands turning her to face him. "Kitten? Oh Kitten, what's wrong?" Katniss doesn't want to meet his eyes, but when he gives her a little shake, she does. "A nightie?" His face falls as he steps out of his domineering role. "I didn't mean it bad," he whispers, and she can hear the hurt in his voice. "I saw the red, and I love, always have loved how you look in red. I thought you could wear it, well, whenever you want to." He pauses for a long moment, his gaze burning into her as he slips out of his role. "Oh hell, Katniss. I didn't mean it bad." He kisses her on the nose, and offers, "we'll save that for later, ok?" She steps into him, and wraps her arms around him. Her tender breasts come in contact with his bare chest, which only adds to her want while the soft flannel of his pajama bottoms frustrate her when she tries to rub her pelvis against him. His lips are on her temple, and she feels him whisper, "Do you still want to play?" Her arms tighten around this man, her husband, as she answers, "Of course I do." Her eyes seek his when she looks up. "Do you?" His eyes crinkle at the corners. "Always." He kisses her on the end of her nose before his Dom voice is back, "You will like what's in the smaller box." She swallows hard, the role she loves almost as much as she loves being his wife, comes back. Her voice trembles as she mutters, "I will, Sir?" His chuckles resonate through her. "Open it, Kitten." She steps out of his embrace, immediately missing his heat. When she turns, his front is to her back, returning the warmth. She reaches for the box, and gently lifts the lid. More pink tissue greets her, and she lifts the corner revealing the treasure inside. Lying there, is a pair of long black gloves. Gloves? He gave her gloves? She bites her lip, not sure what to do. "Pick them up, Kitten." She is obedient in his command as she reaches for the piece of black. They are velvet-soft, and she can't resist rubbing her cheek on them. "Oh, Pee- Sir. Thank you." His arms tighten around her, and he presses a kiss against the pulse in her neck that is running away like wild horses. He holds out his hand that was on her ab, and she gives him the gloves. Instead of stepping away, his low whisper makes her longing pool in her core as he begins, "Do you know how long I've wanted to see you in a pair of these?" He licks until he reaches her ear. A firm nibble makes her shiver. "I can't wait to hear you begging for me to let you come." "Is that a promise?" He is still behind her and she worries that she might have overstepped some boundary when he chuckles. "Yes, it is, Kitten." He drops his arms, taking the leather with him. She turns too, all so she can see what he's going to do. "Are those-" she begins. "They are," he says. "When did you get them?" She asks, secretly happy that he got something like this for them, a little sad that he didn't include her. "I ordered them." He looks up, his eyes meeting hers. "Oh no. I messed up again, didn't I?" "No, no Peeta. You didn't." He exhales. "I did. First the nightie, now this." He steps back to her. "let's try it, they look fun." "Peeta, I'm happy that you surprised me." She cups his face, and steals a kiss. "Thank you." He smiles, and when a pink flush appears, she is pleased about that too. "Well, let's see what we can do with these, shall we?" Katniss holds out her arms, ready for whatever he has for her. He takes one of her hands first, and pulls her into the living room where most of their play scenes take place. Hidden in different nooks and crannies are different hooks, ropes, and crops, all scattered about for when they may need them. None of their friends have ever found them, well maybe Jo. But then Katniss' only clue is the random knowing looks from one of their oldest friends. Peeta demands her attention when he opens up one of the gloves, and she smiles a little when she sees it's lined with satin. "Were you worried?" He asks. She looks up. "I was hoping that something besides leather would be on the inside." She watches him line up the glove with the rest of her arm, before he starts hooking the little eye hooks. Her breath hitches, and he pauses for a moment, watching her carefully. "You, ok?" "I am," comes out as a breathless whisper. Those stormy ocean eyes take her in as he buckles another hook. "How do you feel?" Her exhale is light and airy. "It feels," she says as her endorphins begin to wake up. "It's—you know." He buckles another one. "I do. You love it, don't you?" The familiar buzz that she craves is already there. The new sensation of being bound in a different way must be the reason why she is already feeling this way. "Yeah, I think so too," he answers for her. She meets his eyes. "I said that out loud, didn't I?" He chuckles, "You did." He pauses long enough to kiss her on the nose. "That's how I know you are enjoying this." The last buckle on that arm is done, keeping her entire arm from bending. She turns her arm, so she can see it encased in the black leather. "Hmm." She hums. "That's weird." "Do you not like it?" She nods, "I think so." She looks at her arm again. "It almost feels like the ropes, but these are more binding." She meets his eyes, and offers her other arm. "Do you like them?" His answer is a smirk, and he looks down at his flannels. She mirrors his smirk when she sees how tented they are. "I think you do," she says. When he has the other one buckled, he steps back to admire his work. By the look on his face, Katniss knows that he loves the gloves, and she loves that she made him feel that way. She licks her lips, her nerves buzzing. "Do you trust me?" Katniss nods, excitement only adding to the endorphins running through her veins. He grabs one of her leather encased wrists, and leads her to the middle of the room. When they started their play, Peeta had installed a hook into the main joust of the apartment just for times like this. He reaches for her other wrist, pausing to tsk. "I forgot to lace your gloves." His eyes meet hers. "You'll have to punish me later for it." He starts to tighten up the laces, and she murmurs, "It seems that I might have to." He finishes his work, steals another kiss on the end of her nose, and reaches for the rope high above their heads that she didn't notice before. She