Hello! This is what I had the pleasure to donate to S2SL. What that is, is a fundraiser many of the writers in this fandom participated in to raise money for childhood cancer. In particular DIPE, diffuse intrinsic poutine glioma. I encourage you to go to to read more about it. Childhood cancer has touched my life when a dear friend of mine's little one was diagnosed with sacrococcygeal teratoma at two and a half months old. She is now two and half years old and very healthy and very stubborn! She is the reason why I wrote this… I need to thank sohypothetically for being amazing. She really is. And then the wonderful Norbertsmom for all that she does, even when I think I'm overwhelming her, she doesn't complain at all. I appreciate everything you do ladies. And now… here is Apple Pie Moonshine… First grade "Pass the glitter." "You have enough glitter." Katniss replies. "But Daddy needs more. He always says that the cupcakes I put the most glitter on are the best tasting ones. So, he needs more glitter on his Tine's day card," six- year- old Peeta says. "Fine," she huffs. She looks at the card she made for her daddy. Katniss picks up the glue and carefully draws a heart with it. Then, oh- so- gently, not at all like Delly who is dumping glitter all over the place, she sprinkles pink and purple glitter. She shakes it like Peeta does so it will spread out. She sets it aside so it can dry and watches Peeta. He uses his scissors to snip away at several different colors of construction paper. With a flurry of tape, glue and more glitter, he assembles a very colorful bird. He gently set it aside to dry, and Katniss picks up another card to decorate for her mama. She is busy working but continues to watch Peeta, and wonders who the bird is for. She knows that it's not for his mama. She left last year and her mama said that she wasn't coming back, ever. Katniss finishes up the cards for Mama and Daddy. She even makes one for two- year- old Prim and another for Peeta. She will wait until she gets home to write his name on it so he won't know that it's for him. Soon, Mrs. Trinket tells them to finish up because it's time to go home. Katniss tucks her cards into her backpack and walks out to get on the bus with Peeta. Peeta brings cupcakes for everyone for Valentine's Day a couple of days later, while Katniss brings chocolate kisses. Everyone is busy putting the cards they have for their classmates into the shoe boxes they decorated last week. Mrs. Trinket has been a teacher long enough to know that they are too excited to do much, so classwork is full of coloring and word searches. Soon, it's time to open valentines. Katniss grabs her box and goes back to her desk. As soon as she has it open, she sees the bird that Peeta spent so much time on the other day. She holds it up to her heart, and looks across the table to where he watches her. He has the card that she made just for him pressed up against his heart. They smile at each other. Seventh grade Katniss fixes the strap of her messenger bag and scowls at the hundreds of vases that fill the middle school lobby. Balloons almost reach the ceiling, not to mention the stuffed animals everywhere. It looks more like a florist than a school. Valentine's Day is ridiculous, Katniss thinks to herself. Over privileged kids asking their parents to send flowers to their stupid middle school boyfriends and girlfriends. It's not like they are going to grow up and get married or anything. Besides, she knows that since Daddy died, she won't be getting any flowers this year. She could buy groceries for her and Prim for six months or longer with the amount of money those flowers represented since Mama isn't going to. She can't stop the pang of jealously that makes her stomach hurt. She continues on to her last class. It's art with Mr. Cinna and it's her favorite. It doesn't hurt that Peeta is taking the class too. As soon as she walks in, the many worries of her young life just fade away for the fifty minutes she is in there. She slides into her seat with Peeta following right behind her. They both produce their sketch pads. Mr. Cinna wants them to use the first ten minutes of class to doodle whatever is on their minds as a way to get that stuff out of the way so they can listen. Before she realizes it, Katniss' paper is full of roses and balloons. She quickly turns the page before anyone can see. Despite the fact that Peeta never misses a thing about her, she's hopeful that he might have been too wrapped up in his own drawing. She feels Peeta's eyes on her book. Before he can say anything, Mrs. Corbin's voice comes over the P.A. "Attention, everyone. This is a list of people who have received flowers today. Teachers, we ask that you allow your students to come and pick up their things now." Katniss only halfway pays attention until Peeta pokes her in the side when her name is called. She doesn't miss the blush that spreads over his cheeks when his name is called, too. They walk out together with a nod from Mr. Cinna and make their way down the hall towards the lobby. "Who sent you flowers?" he asks. She shrugs. "I have no idea. What about you? Clove?" "Oh, I hope not! I'm hoping that it's Dad." "Oh, yeah. Is Clove still saying that she sent you something? Peeta blushes. "She is. I'll throw it away if the card says that it's from her." It's a madhouse in the lobby with so many different kids getting their flowers. Katniss walks along the tables, and has to do a double take when the biggest bear with a couple of balloons has her name on it. She blinks fast because it looks like something her dad would have picked out. She retrieves the card and in perfect typed letters, it says, "From someone who loves you more than you know." She grabs the bear like it's a life preserver and she is drowning. Peeta comes back with a small bear and balloons and nudges her side. "Who sent those?" he asks. She shrugs and shows him the card. He knows not to say anything when he sees the misty-eyed look on her face. Instead, he throws his arm around her shoulders and they walk back to Mr. Cinna's room together. Present day "I can't believe they are doing this," she grumbles, looking out the window at the passing trees. "What? I thought you said that they are perfect for each other." He holds the steering wheel steady as he goes around the biggest curve in the park. "That's the scary part. They are." she rolls down the window to help fight the wave of car sickness. "I need to get out of this truck. Are we to the top of Clingman's Dome yet?" The road straightens out, and Katniss breathes a sigh of relief when she sees the rock wall before the turn off. Peeta grins as he says, "I think your car sickness has gotten worse as you've gotten older." "Shut up Mellark, and let me the hell out of this truck, please." She opens the door as soon as he stops and breathes in the wonderful, precious cold mountain air. She smiles when her stomach settles down almost immediately. Katniss still has her eyes closed when she hears Rye's truck pull in behind them. She opens her eyes in time to see her sister slam the door closed and bounce over to her, still wearing the stupid veil that Rue gave her before they left. Katniss can't miss the excited sparkle in Prim's eye. Her stomach twists painfully, and this time it isn't because she is car sick. "You didn't take your Dramamine," Prim scolds with her hands on her hips. "I told you, I'm not ready to go to sleep. Are we going to the hotel first or straight to the chapel?" "Hotel first. We want to change. Did your bring your autumn dress?" Prim wonders. At this, Katniss finally smiles. "Yes. Just like you asked me to, Little Duck. Come on. Let's go to the bathroom." They walk down the little hill towards the bathroom, when they hear footsteps behind them. All of a sudden, Prim is lifted, bridal style, and Rye Mellark twirls her around. Their laughter echoes through the hills surrounding them, bringing a smile to their brother's and sister's faces. When Rye gently kisses Prim, Katniss decides to give them some privacy and continues on to the bathroom. Peeta falls into step beside her. "They are so happy," he whispers. "They are," she says. Prim catches up with her in the bathroom. "Do you think we are making a mistake?" Prim asks. Katniss throws her arms around her neck, and Prim returns the hug. "I understand why you are doing this. It would be hard to have a big to-do with Mama and Graham gone." Prim's voice is muffled when she says, "Thank you for coming with us. I can't do this without you." Katniss pulls away so she can give her sister a reassuring smile. "Let's go get you married!" Much to Katniss's relief, they finally get to the hotel. She vows to take Dramamine and sleep all the way home. Prim and Rye check in at the desk, and she catches the last part when the clerk says, "You have to understand, this is the middle of October and the height of leaf season. We only have two rooms for you because we only have two rooms vacant and those are only vacant because someone cancelled their reservations." Prim turns to Katniss and Peeta. "I'm sorry guys. Can you two share a room?" "Aww, Prim! It's your wedding night. You don't have to spend it with your husband," Peeta teases her. Prim punches Peeta in the arm and Rye and Katniss laugh. "It's fine. As long as I don't have to get back on that curvy-ass road before tomorrow," Katniss quips. Rye and the clerk finish the transaction, and he gives Peeta the card for his and Katniss' room. Peeta smirks as he walks by her, flicking her nose with the key card. "Come on roomie. Let's go check out the mini bar." "Don't you, dare!" Rye scolds after him. "Hey! Just because I'm paying for your room, doesn't mean that you can drink those high- priced little bottles. Besides we're going to McCoy's after the wedding." Rye and Prim catch up to Peeta and Katniss at the elevator. "What time are we supposed to be at the chapel?" "Five. That will give us time to change and get over there." The doors open on the tenth floor. Prim and Rye exit after they promise to meet them in the lobby at 4:45. Katniss and Peeta ride to their floor in comfortable silence. The doors open, and Katniss follows Peeta to their room. Without really paying attention, Katniss sets her bag down on the bed to take her shoes off. Peeta starts cracking up. She looks up in confusion and he motions at the bed. She turns around and sees that she is sitting on a king sized bed. She joins in Peeta's laughter. "I think we got the wrong room." "Let me call Rye." Peeta reaches for his phone. She slips into the bathroom while Peeta talks on the other side of the door. She can hear Peeta still laughing as she finishes and rejoins him. "All they had available were