Hey! Ok, so I am going to be honest here. I was not going to write this. I really wasn't. I was plotting out another fic to write. Then silly me, started looking on pinterest, started pinning prompts, and this happened. Then, I got excited! I started planning, mapping out even, and if I can get what is in my head, out on a word doc, then I will be happy. This is Panem. Same time period, just with alternate games I guess you could say. This Mrs. Mellark is meaner than what I normally write, so if you want, skip down to the first kpkpkp, and read from there. Now for the thanks… thank you to missy, my bestie. She is always there to listen to me as I talk this out. Then I also need to thank Starla, Jenn, Stacey, Carrie, and Maria. They are always willing to read "something really quick!" lol. Then I need to thank titania, norbertsmom and Jenn for beta stuffs. Now, reader, I need to thank you. Thank you for coming back to hear the words that are bouncing around my head. so… are you ready? I am. Let's go… Watcher "Take him to Watcher. Maybe she can figure out something to do with him," his mother snarls as she throws him out the door of the bakery. He looks up in time to see his father standing behind her, wringing his hands like an old woman would while a crowd gathers behind him. Mayor Undersee steps forward and helps Peeta to his feet. "Are you sure about this, Mrs. Mellark? She still has to make her choice, whether someone volunteers or not." His mother almost spits when she says, "Do you not understand me? He is a useless boy who can hardly take the bread out of the oven. Even then his brothers have to help him or he will drop the loaves because of his worthless leg. Take him to your house, leave him in the community house, let that monster in the woods have him. I don't care! I don't want him anymore." Peeta stumbles against the mayor. His daughter Madge steps forward to help him. She whispers, "I'll go get your cane in a minute, ok?" He shakes his head. "She will punish you. I'll be alright," he mutters back. His mother screams again, and they both look up to see his father pushing past her. In Mr. Mellark's hands he carries the cane he carved for his son just last month to replace the old one that he outgrew. He gives it to Peeta, unable to look into his eyes. Madge lets go when he finds his footing. He tries not to look back at his mother, but when he does, she is gone. The empty doorway gapes open like the hole in his heart. He glances up, and there in their bedroom window is Bram and Rye. Bram wrestles the window open, and Rye leans out, mouthing the words, "Is she gone?" He nods, knowing that she hasn't come back and won't, not until the crowd behind him is gone. Rye disappears and Madge murmurs, "What are they doing?" When he hushes her, the bundle that he recognizes as his pillow case comes flying down. He manages to catch it with one arm, and Bram leans back out. Madge whispers what his lips are forming, "I'll bring your paints over tonight." Peeta nods at his brothers and they quickly disappear. "Is it ok if I come to your house?" He meekly asks Madge. It's her father who answers, "Of course it is. The choosing isn't for a couple of days yet. You can stay with us until it's over, then—" He trails off not knowing what to say. The mayor takes a deep breath, and says to the people still surrounding them, "The boy is fine now. Go back to your work and your homes." He turns back to Madge and Peeta. He glances at the bakery door and sighs. "Peeta can you make bread?" Peeta swallows hard and his voice is shaky, "Yes sir. Mother—" he stops and starts again, "Yes sir. I can make any loaf you want." Mr. Undersee nods and gives a tired smile. "Good. You need to teach my cook because it will be a cold day in hell before I go back into that shop." "You know it's your turn to choose this year," He says behind her. She doesn't even turn around, but keeps on walking to her lake. "Yes, I know." "Are you going to keep them, or eat them?" She stops on the path and scowls at him over her shoulder. "We don't eat them. Ever. At least I don't throw them in the ocean to see how long they can swim." He smirks. "It was that one brat. I still can't believe I chose him. That was over five hundred years ago. You can let it go now." She grins and rolls her eyes. "Never. I will never let you forget." "When are you going to choose it?" "They are male and female, just like we are. I think they are expecting my mockingjay in a couple of days." "Why don't you go yourself to pick it out?" She doesn't even bother correcting him again, knowing that he is teasing her like he usually does. She glances down at her natural appearance. "You know I'm not what they expect. Its better to stay hidden here in this district." He clears his throat. "Well just don't forget to tell father that you accepted the sacrifice so he can tell the Titan." "I know, I know." Before she can say anything else, they hear the bells ringing, signaling that another one of them needs help. Her brother closes his eyes, and presses his fingertips to his temple while his eyes drift shut. He nods once, and says out loud, "Yes, little sister. I will be there as soon as the rain-soak wind blows me there." He pauses for a moment. "I will tell her." He opens his eyes, and glances back at her. As always, he forgets the connection she has with the youngest of them. "She is attending the sick in the village and needs your cool rains to come and ease their suffering?" He gives her a smirk, and dives into her lake on his way to their sister. After watching him a moment, she gets a chill and hugs herself, all of sudden feeling very alone. She hears familiar chirping, and smiles. Her faithful companion lands on her shoulder. "Come along, Aurora Fawkes. You have a choosing to get ready for." "Peeta, sit down dear," Mrs. Undersee motions towards the chair beside Madge. He's only seen her a couple of times in his short sixteen years and he is struck by how beautiful she is. Pale blonde hair frames her face, and kind dark blue eyes look at him with a kindness he isn't used to. "Thank you. Can I get you anything before I sit down?" She shakes her head. "I think I have everything." She unfolds her napkin, laying it across her lap. Peeta and Madge both copy her. "Mr. Undersee had some business in the Seam, but I feel a headache coming. Maybe if we eat, that will help." He picks up his spoon, and gingerly brings some soup up to his mouth. The rich flavors of the butternut squash explode in his mouth. He doesn't realize that he moans out loud until Madge giggles beside him. His face explodes in embarrassment, and Mrs. Undersee smiles. "I'll tell Cook that you liked her soup." He nods, then he has the horrid thought that he better enjoy the soup, because his days could be numbered. The Undersee ladies jump in surprise when his spoon clangs against the ceramic bowl. He mutters, "Sorry, about that." Neither Madge or her mother don't say anything, while he tells himself to eat as much as he can. He might need his strength if Watcher chooses him. He gingerly picks his spoon back up, and tries to finish the bowl of soup without his tears falling into it. "Why don't you come with me Peeta? It will be good to hang out with everyone." Peeta doesn't say anything, instead continues to look out the window at the people he went to school with before he hurt his leg and Mother wouldn't let him go anymore. He is about to say no, when he sees Bram at the edge of the small crowd. Peeta grabs his cane, and turns to Madge. With a nervous nod, and a shaky breath, he says, "Alright, lets go." Madge goes on before him, and not for the first time, he wonders if she has forgotten that he can't keep up with her, especially on stairs. She does stop at the bottom for him. It's the beginning of summer, so they don't need their coats, besides, the witch wouldn't give his to him anyway. He follows Madge to the kitchen door. She goes on out to the small courtyard behind the mayoral house. the town's people at various times of the day meet out here. The older ones claim it in the mornings, meeting there to exchange gossip. The families claim it around noon as the rush from shop to shop running their errands. Then when dusk comes, that is when some of the youngest gather. Many a courtship, then wedding has been planned among these old flagstones. Peeta knows these people. These are the ones who come in to buy the bread his mother said he couldn't make. He even sees some of the poorest from the Seam. He snorts at the irony, if they only knew how many of the merchants are as poor as they are. His leg is tired, so he has to lean heavily on his cane as he looks for Bram. Finally, he sees his brother standing off to the side talking to their old friend Delly Cartwright. Delly sees him first, and waves him over. Slowly, the crowd sees that its him who Delly waved at. Peeta's face flushes red, and he wants nothing more that to run back inside as they all grow silent when he approaches them. Delly walks to him, and says to the crowd around them, "It's just Peeta! You know she never let him out because she was ashamed of him." She stops in front of him as the others start talking again. Delly throws her arms around his neck and whispers in his ear, "You can come to my house. you know Daddy won't care." "He won't, but mother will know." It's a bitter chuckle that escapes his mouth, "Besides, Watcher might want me after all." Delly pulls away, and says, "Stop that! Its bad enough that Bram talks about himself like he is nothing, I can't bear to hear you do it too." His heart tightens when he sees his best friend's eye's fill with tears. "Watcher won't want you. The bird will choose someone else." He knows better than try to explain to her how he feels. Bram interrupts his thoughts when he slaps him on the back and shoves a package into his hands. "I hid your paints before she had the chance to destroy them." He doesn't have to ask what Bram means when he says it like that. "Thank you," he wants to go back in, but he also wants to stay. When Rye comes up behind Bram, that makes up his mind. The Mellark brothers, for the first time in their short years together, even if its just for an evening, finally feel safe enough to talk freely. No one notices the old beggar man sitting in the alley watching them or the fiery streak that crosses the night sky. The next morning finds Peeta waking before the dawn. It takes him a moment to remember