(a/n): Hey this is the first chapter for my new story. I came up with this idea while laying in bed and I just thought why not? It should be interesting and I'm sure you can all work out why. This is set just after new moon, literally. I think your work out where. Chapter 1: La Push Were surrounded by trees, all different kinds, all cutting us off from the world. Not that I minded. This is the perfect territory for Vampires and Werewolves to be found, lurking in between the shadows of the woods. Even the Vampires won't have the problem coming out during the day since there's no sun whatsoever. "What do you think?" My dad asked next to me. Isla was asleep in the back, it was safe to talk without her hearing. "Apart from the fact that La Push is an extremely dangerous place to be living," I started. "It has interesting history that could lead us to packs…" My dad tried to persuade me, and it worked a smile was forming on the edge of my mouth. It was the perfect place to hunt them all down. Every single one of them. "Very true, I'm seeing some awesome father and daughter trips coming up." My dad smiled, his eyes glowing with plans of our hunts. Plans for the monsters we're going to kill. "Leave the hunting till the night. Your days shall be spent going to school and doing homework." My dad may allow me to go out and kill creatures that lurk through the night, creatures that could kill me so easily, but he still is strict about my education. "Of course, maybe I can pick up any stories from around the school." I squinted my eyes trying to see through the woods, to find the monsters to kill. Dad sighed, "You know you could just make friends." "Why would I do that when I have you and Isla?" I haven't had friends in years, not since mom died. "Because that's what normal teenage girl's do, Adella." I rolled my eyes as we both knew I wasn't a normal teenage girl. Normal teenage girls ‒ any humans – don't have angel blood running through them. I wasn't an angel, just my families bloodline has angel blood running through it. Making us half-angels and half-human. That's what gave us the extra strength, speed and senses to be able to hunt. We're basically the protectors of earth. This all happened because the Angel Michael gave his blood to our great ancestors, who wanted to help protect the world from great evil, resulting in Michael's blood giving us the power do so. It's crazy. I focused on the outside not wanting to talk about school or friends. I will go to complete my education, but after that I'm going into hunting completely. It had started to rain as we pulled down our drive, down and down and down to a small little house that was big enough for the three of us. The house looked very snug and cosy tucked up between the woods. It obviously used to be white paneling but had now gotten more grey over the years. It looked like every other house. Dad parked the car in the garage. Everything was already unpacked in the house apart from our personal belongings and our weapons. I got out and went over to Isla's side to gently wake her up. "Isla were here." What was the point of saying 'home' when it wasn't going to feel like 'home' for a while. She rubbed her eyes as I helped pick her up. I carried her out of the garage and up to the house as she slowly started to wake up. When mom died, Isla was only two and I mainly brought her up while dad was at work. "Where are we?" Isla asked rubbing her eyes again. "Were at our new home." I told her sitting down on the sofa with her on my lap. She looked around the room taking in the ready furnished room. "You unpacked really fast." "No we sent the furniture early, remember?" I could hear dad bringing in the suitcases, he wouldn't want Isla in the garage till all the weapons were packed away. She jumped out my arms suddenly alarmed with energy, "Can we go see my room?" "Yes." Isla grabbed my hand pulling me out of the room and up the stairs before Dad could even ask us to take our bags with us. "This is your room." I told Isla opening up the door for her. Dad had sent in decorators before we sent the furniture. She ran in, her eyes bigger than owls eyes, taking in the room that surrounded her. It was painted pink, with all her white and pink furniture from home. She was such a girly girl. Her smile grew bigger and bigger with every new intake. "Adella it's amazing! I love it even more than my old room!" She hugged me tightly before going off to explore her new room. "Make sure you thank dad when he comes up." I reminded her smiling as I watched her pull out her doll house to play. "I will! thankyousomuch!" She rushed out before busying herself with the dolls. While Isla played I packed away all her clothes and belongings. One of the reasons dad got this house was because their was a door between mine and Isla's room, so if she needed me she could get to me easily. I kept that door open while I unpacked all of my stuff. My room was just a simple room with cream walls and normal looking furniture. A few pictures that mom painted were along the walls, as well as the blanket she knitted me on the bed. I checked my window, seeing that it would only take a vine to climb down and maybe if I was feeling brave a jump. After I was packed I changed into my hunting gear, black trousers and a black zipped up jacket. My hair was pulled back into a ponytail and I put on my best pair of sneakers. We didn't have a uniform, but something dark, comfortable and easy to move around in was necessary. "Isla do you want anything quickly?" I asked standing in between our doorway. She looked up noticing my change in clothing. "Where are you going?" "I'm just going to check the surroundings." "For monsters?" I winced not sure what kind she was talking about. "I'm just making sure it's safe." I didn't want to lie to her, neither did I want to scare her. "Can I come with you?" Her eyes lit up with the thought of an adventure in the woods. "I'm only going to be ten minutes, just play." She frowned looking down at her dollhouse again. "Do you want anything?" I asked her again. "No, thank you." She mumbled. I quietly left, telling myself that not bringing her was for the best. She was safer at home playing with her dolls then joining me on the search for any threats. "Isla's playing with her dolls. I'm going to do a perimeter check." I told dad entering the garage, he was putting away all our weapons behind the locked cages. You couldn't enter them without a key or a special password. Dad bit his lip, "Sure, but if you see anything you come back here." "I've been doing this for four almost five years, dad, I know what I'm doing." I typed the password for my cage (dad had finished packing it all away) and picked up my crossbow just for safety. Usually I would take a more advanced bow but it wasn't like I was going out hunting today. "Good choice." Dad observed pleased that I wasn't going for the obvious big weapons. "See you in a bit." I gave dad a high-five, we were team dadella. "Be back by dinner, Ells." I smiled at the nickname before taking of out of the garage and down the drive, towards the woods and what lies beyond it. Running through the rain was one of my favorite things to do, it was calming and relaxing as each drop hit your face. It allowed me to focus more on the outside world than think about things that were troubling me. The woods blurred either side of me, making me want to run faster. Run on and on and on forever in the unknown woods. "Wait!" A voice shouted behind me and I turned to see Isla was behind, panting as she tried to keep up. She was a while back, I sighed waiting for her to catch up. If I was a normal teenage girl then I wouldn't have heard Isla. "What are you doing?" I asked her hands on the hip like mothers do kind of way. Her boots squelched in the mud and she looked up between her wet pieces of hair. "I wanted to come with you." I moved the pieces out of her face. "Your catch a cold out here like this." I told her raising my eyebrows. "I don't care." She crossed her arms over her chest. Sighing I bent down to do her coat up before taking her hand to walk with me. "Just this once." She smiled pleased with herself. The rain was coming down harder, welcoming us to this new environment. It was different from New York, a lot different. Isla started shivering squeezing my hand for warmth. Everything was green and brown in the woods, with the look of dampness on top. It was beautiful. The smell of the dampness and bark made me close my eyes wanting to inhale it all. How can something so beautiful be full with monsters? Looking around I saw that trees had fallen, creating a sheltered space. I pulled Isla over siting us both down under it, this was too much rain to do any perimeter check. "Were wait till it calms down then were go home." I'll have to wake up early before school tomorrow and do it. Isla curled up beside me, I rubbed her back trying to calm down her shivers. A twig snapping caught my attention. My body went still, listening to any sound of a sudden threat. I kept one hand on Isla and reached back to my crossbow ready to bring it out. "Shh." I whispered to Isla before she could move or make a noise. I listened in closely, something was close by moving through the bushes. The sound of paws come from behind the bushes, about three different pairs and then they suddenly stop one by one. I bring out my crossbow, a hand still around Isla, and aim it in front of us. One hit is all it will take. A man steps out of the bush –an ordinary man– causing me to panic and fire an arrow into the air instead of the mans chest. This is going to take some explaining now. Shit. Behind him appears two other men, all as tall and tanned as the first one. All of them have no shirts on – In this weather? Strange, strange and definitely strange. "Sorry about that. You gave me and my sister a bit of a fright." I try to play my best innocent voice as possible. I shall not be arrested today. "It's fine. I'm glad you changed aim in the end." The one at the front said, he radiated the power between the three of them, like he was the leader, their alpha. "Is that yours?" One of the younger ones asked from behind, his eyes were glued onto my crossbow. He looked away as soon as the 'leader' glared at him. "Yes… It's for hunting." I said slowly, squeezing Isla's hand to tell her to keep quiet. She has a thing about telling the truth when she knows someone is lying.