*I do not own these characters. Please don't sue me.* I sneak a glance at him at my kitchen table. Greasy Sae keeps her head down but I know she feels the tension that radiates from Peeta and myself. He only just returned a few days ago with the bushes for Prim and he's looking at me now. Our eyes meet and there's a relief in him that I see as our minds connect and we communicate a thousand conversations in that one look. In an instant, he knows my pain and confusion and looks back at me with comfort and questions. A million questions we have to ask and, as we lock eyes, I realize all of our answers can be found in each other. I haven't been exactly responsive. I have felt like how people said Peeta was in thirteen. Losing time. Crazy. Suddenly, Sae is here cooking and suddenly she's gone. I smell the food she sets on the little table in front of the couch, but it's repulsive and makes me want to heave. I look anywhere but the food. I look anywhere but the direction of the study, the previously occupied but now empty bedrooms in this house. I look anywhere but the direction of the windows where I can just make out the rubble where the bodies are. The bodies that I caused to die. The mothers, fathers, and children like Prim. Prim. The fire. My fire that I caused. Prim is so selfless that she was trying to save children while I only wanted to kill Snow. And so I killed her because death is all that I am. Death and fire. No wonder they called me the girl on fire. Obviously, everyone could see how selfish I am. In the distance I hear a deafening quiet and and feel the hollowness of the darkness of my house at night. As I come out of it, I realize that I lost time again and now the sun is down and the meal is over. The table is clear except for my untouched bowl of stew that is now cold and congealing on the top. I sigh and try to blink the daze out of my eyes when I hear it. The soft brush of a foot against the floor and feel him still sitting at the end of the table where we had just locked eyes a few seconds ago. Seconds or hours. I meet his eyes again and he's looking at me in a way that I haven't seen him look in so long. Warmth pours out of his blue eyes and his body sends waves of comfort and safety. If I didn't know any better, I would think he still cares about me. But I do know better and it would be like the new Peeta to deliver a hateful message mid-episode as he looks like he's about to wrap his arms around me. What I thought was a hug back in thirteen ended up being me strangled and I know better now. I slowly turn my foot towards the back door and shift all of my weight on my legs and I hover above the chair ready to run or jump depending on his reaction. "Katniss." It's a statement not a question. It didn't sound like it was a threat, but a plea to stay with an edge of hurt. It is then that I realize how stupid I'm being. So what if he kills me? What do I care? Isn't that what I want? Maybe I could get closer to paying for all that I've done by letting myself be strangled to death by the boy I hurt the most and caused his entire family to die. Maybe then I can be where the dead are and somehow find a way to apologize personally. I deflate and sit down with a dramatic "plop." I take one last look at my hands and square my shoulders. I lift my chin and face Peeta. He's looking relieved that I've decided to stay. "Katniss," he begins again. "I can leave if you want me to." "No!" I say probably too forcefully. I don't want Peeta to leave. I want Peeta to end my suffering and I want to atone for my actions! Peeta looks confused and waits to see what else I have to say. I, of course, have nothing else to say and I stare at his face and wait for the blow. I can't help but notice the bags under his bloodshot eyes and the way the redness of no sleep makes the blue in his eyes seem even bluer if that's even possible. He has burn scars on his neck that look like my own, but where mine look ugly and make me look like a monster, his make him look masculine and strong. His perfect features with these scars make him look mysterious and handsome. "Good." I think. He's looking so handsome in spite of all of this destruction and maybe that will help him find a girl worthy of him. One that will give him all of the love I never did, and the marriage and children I can't. A girl he doesn't want to kill and he can move on with his life like I never existed. He has an amused but perplexed expression on his face and I realize that I think I said "good" out loud rather than just thinking it. I wonder if I said anything else. I look down at my forgotten supper and feel my face heat up. "I'm sorry if those bushes were the wrong thing to do. I just saw them and thought of her... so I thought you should have them." I narrow my eyes. Maybe he isn't trying to kill me. I can't manage my disappointment on top of my current state, so I try to think of other scenarios. Maybe Peeta is trying to trick me by being nice and will finish the job he started in thirteen when I least expect it. That sounds better. I should play along then so he can finish his mission. "It's..." I have to clear my throat from lack of use. I make a disgusting gurgle sound, but Peeta waits patiently. "It's alright Peeta. I like them. I was just surprised to see you." Peeta smiles a good real Peeta smile at me. "...And I hope it's ok that I stayed for dinner. Sae wouldn't take no for an answer." I stare intensely in his eyes trying to find the evil hijacked Peeta in his words, and he becomes nervous. "I... I mean that I wanted to... WANT to see you. I... just didn't know if you wanted to see me." Crap. Somehow I can even ruin evil Peeta's plans to kill me. I have to try harder to play along. "I'm glad you came" I say lamely. No wonder I can't do anything right. I blow out a huff in frustration. Peeta stares at me. He's sizing up my arms and cheeks. He's taking in the depth of the dips where my collar bone sits. He's noting how my clothes bunch around me rather than lay flat. "Katniss, I'm going to come back for breakfast I that's alright with you. I haven't been sleeping well and I bake to keep my mind busy. I'd like to bring you some of the things I make." Since I don't respond and only look at him he continues. "I am trying to remember some recipes from before the..." He stops himself and looks to the side unsure. He doesn't know what to call what we went through and I guess he's afraid he'll spook me if he's too blunt. "...from... from before, and I want to know if what I remember is... real. Or not." He looks at me with such vulnerability now, that I start to think maybe this really is the real Peeta and not the hijacked Peeta. Instantly I feel disappointed that I won't be dying this evening. Then, I start to feel something else like a static charge from his presence in my house. The idea that this is the real boy that gave me the bread, trusted me, stayed with me, and fought with me sitting in front of me, and not hijacked Peeta, is making my heart slam against my ribs and the blood rush in my ears. Suddenly, he makes to stand up and my chest clenches for some reason that I don't understand. He slowly approaches me like I'm a frightened animal he's about to free from a trap and kneels down beside me roughly because of his leg. Softly, like he's handling a child, he takes my hand that is resting on the table in front of me and squeezes it. I take a deep breath and smell his smell that smells like bread and warmth waft towards me because he's so close. We have a moment just looking at one another for a long while. He's reading my face while I process what I see in him. He's more of the real Peeta I have seen since the last I saw him in the arena. But, there's also the hijacked Peeta still in there lurking in the shadows of his mind. It's in the slight bunching of his eyebrows in the center of his face that doesn't go away. "I'll see you in the morning, Katniss." He breaks eye contact, gets up, and walks to the door. The hand he was holding instantly feels cold. I watch him as he makes his way out of my house. He slows down gradually as he gets in arms reach of the doorknob and turns back around to face me. "And Katniss? I'm not going to kill you." Without waiting for a response, he turns back around, swings the door open, and walks out. Peeta did show up for breakfast the next morning as well as the breakfasts after that. He comes with something he baked in his arms every morning while Greasy Sae is finishing up whatever she's cooking and he comes over to my place on the couch. Usually, I've already been woken by my nightmares hours before, but I remain on the couch and watch the light outside go from black, to a deep blue, to grey, and then fill up my living room with this perverse bright and yellow sunshine. It makes all of the ashes of the people I killed in the air sparkle. Maybe tomorrow I'll gather all of my extra bedclothes and towels and stuff them in the windows to block out the sun. That first morning Peeta came, he sat on the opposite end of the couch where I am with a basket tucked under his arm. My toes just touch the side of his thigh and I leave them there because he's warm and I always feel so cold now. As he sits, my feet slowly warm up and I hate myself for enjoying this warmth. Any warmth. Peeta throws back the cloth that is in the basket and rips off a piece of something and holds it out to me. "Katniss, can you tell me how this tastes to you?" I stare at the bit of baked thing. It looks like a muffin with some kind of berry cooked inside of it. The sight and smell doesn't make me want to throw up so I take it and bite a tiny part into my mouth. Peeta watches me intensely like he's trying to fiercely memorize and analyze this moment at the same time. The muffin is delicious so I open my mouth and chuck the rest of it in. "It's good, Peeta." He then grins widely. His straight teeth and perfect smile are framed by his strong jaw. He drops the rest of the muffin in my hands as he gets up to the