I decided to go back to my roots and do it properly. This started out as a rewrite of my first twific ever, The Music Box, but it just became this whole other thing when I started actually writing it. I'm going to go along with it. My apologies to anyone who lives in La Push, I had to create a beach. I've had a look on Google and it looks nothing like how I'm describing it either, seeing as I've made the distance between La Push and Forks way shorter than it seems to actually be. I'm from NZ. Forgive me my trespasses. Also, I'll be taking my time updating, so don't get upset if time rolls by before the next chapter is edited and everything. Also also, this is an extremely long chapter. *.*.* I opened my eyes. In itself, that was an unremarkable act. It was what I opened my eyes to that made me feel weird. A low ceiling and a boxy room closed in on me, whilst blankets tangled around my legs, ensnaring me completely. I struggled for a moment before pushing them off, heavy quilts that weighed more than I did and were reluctant to relinquish their hold. And as my body cooled, I turned my head and stared out the window at the pale sky. It was too early to tell if it was going to be grey or blue. The morning painted it quicksilver bright and hopeful. I rolled over and grabbed a pen and my notebook, scribbling down fragments of thought. Opening my eyes again much later, the sky was a timid blue and I was heavy with rest. I had slept too long these past days, catching up on what the international timeline had deprived me of. I pulled my leaden body out of bed and staggered out into the hallway, shuffling along to the kitchen. Jacob was in there. We had a routine, my cousin and I. Him - Good morning. Me - Mmm. Him - Coffee's done. Me - Cool. Thanks. This was the first time I'd been up early enough that the good morning wasn't sarcastic. I contemplated him over a mug of black, bitter coffee. His skin was a beautiful even russet, spreading to cover the muscles on his enormous frame. He was taller than Uncle Billy had ever been. Not that I'd seen that, but Dad had shown me photos of when Billy could walk. Jacob's hair was dark and shaggy. Too shaggy for conformity, but it suited him. Something about him was wild, and cropped hair would have brutally detracted from that essence. His eyes were as black as our last name, and he was looking right at me with one eyebrow raised. I looked away, embarrassed. He probably thought I was really creepy now. Creepy girl, stalking her cousin. "Sorry." "I get it," he said. "You notice stuff." I glanced back at him and saw that he did get it, understanding shading his eyes a warmer dark brown. "Yeah," I said. "Are you into art? Do you sketch?" I looked at him questioningly. "The stuff you see," he clarified. "You like detail, right?" "Yeah," I repeated. "But I can't draw to save myself. I write." He grunted and returned to staring at the sideboard. I didn't blame him for being spacey. It was only eight, and most people would still be asleep by now. I itched to get out and do something. Anything. I also really missed my apple and blackcurrant tea, which had stayed in New Zealand. It wasn't too different here. No pohutukawa or manuka, but an abundance of green life. At least I wasn't in a city. I got up and slipped out the front door to sit on the narrow porch, one leg dangling off the ramp. Beauty. It was everywhere, and it would be here. I just had to find it, and capture it, and make this place feel as though it was mine. Maybe I would go for a walk today, through the dark green leaves towards the beach. The door creaked open again, and Uncle Billy wheeled himself out to park up beside me. We contrasted - I was more brown than russet, and he was more put together at this time of the morning than I would ever want to be. I looked down at my rumpled pyjamas and sighed. "Gonna be a good one," he said after a few minutes. He was tobacco and Old Spice, a carved face of experience that told me I would never know better than he did. A flannel shirt tucked over a slight paunch into jeans. The ankles poking out, thin slices of skin between denim and socks yet to be shod, were skinny from disuse. Billy had been in his chair for a long time. I looked at him enquiringly, and he was gazing at the sky. I followed his look and hummed in agreement. "Then again," he said, his voice a low rumble, "Appearances can be decieving." "Mmm," I said again. "Hey, Uncle Billy?" He switched those black Billy Black eyes to meet mine. "Thanks," I mumbled. "For... for helping Dad." "He's my brother," Billy said, not breaking the stare that was becoming a little too intense for a casual conversation. "Even if he forgot that until now." I shrugged, looking down. "He must have a crap memory," I said. After all, why else would he keep forgetting he was my dad? "He always was a fool," Billy told me, his unmet gaze weighing heavy on my head. "He hasn't changed since he left, and that was... well, it must have been twenty years ago now." My coffee was suddenly too bitter. I stood with a twitch of my lips, attempting a polite smile to excuse myself. Billy turned his face to the woods. I headed indoors and dumped the rest of my coffee in the sink. Jacob was gone and I could hear the shower running. Removing the pile of dirty dishes in the sink, I began to fill it with hot water. Jacob returned, topless with his shaggy hair subdued into a damp mass, to find me elbow-deep in suds. The majority of the dishes were already stacked nicely waiting to be dried on the other side of the sink. "Oh, um," he said, surprised, "That's my job." I shrugged again. "It needed doing, and you were busy." "You shouldn't be doing anything," he said, hovering behind me, probably uncertain of whether he could move me without making it awkward. "Just go unpack or something. Chill." My mouth curled, and I gave the last dish a final scrub before setting it down. "I'm not a delicate little flower. And anyway, I'm almost done." He grabbed the tea towel before I could reach it, smiling victoriously as he began to dry the dishes. "It's okay, Mu. Seriously, you don't have to do anything." I grabbed another tea towel from the drawer. He tensed, waiting for me to fight him, but I merely dried my hands and dropped it delicately on the bench. "Is that okay?" I said pointedly. He grinned. "Sure." "So," I said, settling for wiping down the bench where the dirty dishes had sat. "What do people do around here? Is the beach any good to swim at?" "If you don't mind freezing your butt off," he told me. "Uh, we do pretty much anything around here. There's some trails in the woods. You could go hiking, but I suggest you wait until you have someone who knows their way around before you go. We get bears and wolves out here." My eyes widened. "God. Seriously?" "The wolves won't hurt you," he assured me. "The bears, on the other hand... Well, just don't go into the woods alone. Try picking a hobby." I narrowed my eyes at him, trying to tell if he was lying or not. "So, stamp collecting is my best bet?" "Well," he said, pretending to think, "I could take you cliffdiving sometime." "That sounds great," I said. "Except for the cliff part." He glanced at me, amused. "Scared of heights?" "Sane," I corrected. "We could go on the bikes," he offered. "Bikes?" A ludicrous picture of Jacob grappling with a slim-framed bicycle in a dorky helmet and cycling gear sprang to mind. I tried not to laugh. "Motorbikes," he explained. "I used to go riding with a friend of mine, but then she got married and her brother-in-law gave her this sick bike that she uses now. Not that she gets out much." "Kids?" I guessed. "Just one," he said, his face lighting up. "How old?" He frowned again in concentration, his huge hands devouring the bowl he was towelling dry. "Uh... must be... ten?" Wow. Assuming Jacob was around 26, which I'm sure he wasn't despite the fact that his size made it entirely feasible, and assuming that his friend was the same age, she would've had to have been fourteen when she had her kid. Not that I didn't know people like that back home, but... "Teen mum?" I enquired. "What?" He glanced at me, confused. Then his eyes widened as he caught on to what I was saying, and he grinned. "Naw, they adopted. Bella's a year or so older than me anyway." "Oh." "I'm 20," Jacob said. "Just in case you were wondering." I shrugged. "I'm 16." "Just a baby, then." I looked over to see his eyes alight. Teasing. Familiarity already, Cousin Jacob? If you insist . "I'm a girl," I said. "Who runs the world? Girls." "You just quoted Beyonce." "You just admitted to knowing Beyonce lyrics." He shrugged, unashamed. "Nessie likes her." "Sure," I drawled. "I'm going to go take a shower." He cocked his head for a moment, looking out the window, then turned back to me. "I'll probably be gone when you get back. Nice finally talking to you, Mu." I grunted and wandered off down the hallway, grabbing a towel from the cupboard as I went. *.*.* Jacob, true to his word, was gone when I got out of the shower. I chucked my damp hair in a bun and pulled on my sweatpants. I had no one to impress here. Then I left a note and started walking along the big, empty road towards Forks. Uncle Billy had said it was about a ten minute drive, which I estimated at a half hour walk, if not more. A good way to stretch my legs after being in a jet-lagged coma for the past few days. Big sunnies shielded me from the frail sunshine. My notebook was held in one hand, and my pen dangled from the other. I had thirty dollars in my pocket and damn it, I was going to buy myself some tea. All Billy and Jacob had was bitter coffee, which they drank black and strong. Even a decent brew would be acceptable compared to the stuff they drink. The air around me smelled damp. Warm damp, like earth which has seen rain and is slowly steaming out on the way to become dry. I walked in the middle of the old road, bare feet following the faded white line that seemed to stretch on forever. Breathe, Mu. Everywhere has a road, everywhere has a sky, and everywhere will feel like somewhere soon enough if you just keep breathing. By the time I got to Forks, I was tired. I don't want to turn around and walk all the way back but being the dumbass I am, I didn't bring any means to contact someone to pick me up. Besides, who would come get me? It's not like Billy can up and drive over. I trudged into the supermarket with my notebook and started ambling up and down the aisles. I grabbed makeup wipes and lip balm. I grabbed tea. I grabbed gum. I headed to the counter and produce the rumpled twenty. Accepted the