I do not own anything but my ideas and charters. Chapter 1 Pilot I can't believe it. I am the most powerful being on Earth and I'm on the run. By now I've lived almost every where. Most of the time when I move I go somewhere I liked and want to go back to. But not this time. I'm going to Forks, Washington. A small town that almost never gets sun. I look about 16 or 17 years old with white hair that touches the ground if I don't have it up or over my shoulder and down my chest. About 5 foot 8. And I look human. I'm very very rich. I don't like to live like it or show it, but I am. If someone has lived as long as me then it's to be expected. I'm 3777 years old. I was born in 1764 B.C. I'm the second oldest of my kind. The only one older than me is my mom. I don't know how she's still alive. She should have died 1000 years ago. My mom is the queen of our kind. I'm her only child and heir to the throne. My mom banished me when I was 16 and has been trying to kill me ever since. I'm a Banshee. The banshee are a female race. There are no males. The female banshee become pregnant at 20. The more powerful banshee usually have white hair but not always. The more white the white the more powerful. The longer the hair the more powerful, and that is guaranteed. Banshee hair doesn't grow. If the banshee is was born with hair to the her middle back, then her hair will stay at her mid back all her life. The only way that can change is if she becomes more powerful. Then it grows very painfully and suddenly. So me with hair that touches the ground and the whitest of white hair I am the most powerful. Another reason I'm so powerful is that I'm the only banshee that can grow my hair. I have to use more power that I have with my hair and normal length to do it, but I can. I don't know how long I can get it. Every time I think I know how powerful I am, I get stronger. We think I'm so powerful because my mom was 270 when I was born. She pushed off my birth for 250 years. Usually the kid of a banshee is just as powerful as her mom. But when a banshee pushes off the birth for one year the kid is twice as powerful as her mom. I am more than 250 times stronger than my mom. I am the only male banshee and my name is Alex Blaze. I got to Forks at about 3 in the afternoon on Friday. I start looking for the high school thinking it's going to be called Fork High. In the middle of town I find the school and as I thought it's called Forks High. Find the office was a challenge. When I went in I found a nice enough red headed middle aged female. "Hi. What can I do for you?" she asked cheerfully. "I would like to register for school please." I responded. "Ok. What grade are you in?" she asked while typing on her computer "Um. I'm a Junior." I said after a moments hesitation. "Ok. You can start school Monday. Just come here Monday morning to get your schedule." she told me. "Ok, see you then. When do I need to be here?" I ask. "Be here by 7:45 please." she responded. "Ok. Thank you." and with that I left. I then walked around for the local store and bank. I went into the bank to set up an account and transfer money into it for spending while in Forks. While in the bank I asked if there was any houses for sale in the area. They said that here was one, but it wasn't in town. They showed me pictures of it and said that they were only taken a few days before. After buying the house if full I left to find my house. Just as I get to my new house I find that it it fully furnished and every thing. It's a 4 bedroom and 3 bath house. Nice big kitchen and living room. It's one of the better houses I've lived in. But I couldn't help feel that something or someone was watching me and it felt wrong. I felt my powers stirring in a way that screamed danger. I pushed out with my powers and felt something out in the woods watching. But it disappeared just as fast as I found it. I immediately decided that I was going to need to be ready for a fight at all times. Still alert to any danger, I went back to town to get familiar with it. I found the store again and went in side to get some food for the for the house. As I was going thought the store I felt my powers stirring again, but this time I didn't recognizes the feeling. I just ignored it because I didn't sense danger in it. As I went around the corner I saw a young girl, probably about my physical age of 17. She was about 5 foot tall, raven black hair with a slight purple tint to it, and pale as can be. When she look over at me I saw that her eyes were a beautiful golden color. I saw her eyes follow my long white hair up form the floor to my face. Her eyes widened in what I assume was shock at the fact that I was male. At the same time I felt my powers flare as if wanting to hit the girl, but not hurt her. I didn't understand that, but I didn't let it do anything. "Hi! Are you new to the area? Are you staying or just passing thought?" she asked way to happily. "Um. Yes I'm new and yes I'm staying." I responded shocked. "Cool! I'm Alice Cullen! I live just north of town. My dad one of the doctors at the hospital. Who are you? What do your parents do? Are you going to school here?" she was shooting the questions off so fast I had a hard time keeping up. "I'm Alex Blaze. I live just north of town to. I live alone and yes I start school Monday." I still couldn't believe how exited she looked. "I'm a Junior. Are you? Wait, live alone? Where are you parents?" she suddenly looked concerned. "Yes I'm a Junior too. Before you ask I'm 17. Yes I live alone. I don't have a dad and my mom hates me." I lied a bit, but only about the age thing. "Oh. Ok, I'm sorry I didn't know about your parents. Can I ask you a question?" she look ashamed and then hopeful. "It's fine. You couldn't have known. And you just did." I said with a cheeky grin. She pouted at that and it was adorable. At the pout my powers felt like the wanted to kill me for making her look like that. I was so confused as to why my powers were doing this. "You know what I meant!" she said as she slapped my arm. I noticed that her hand was really cold. "I know. What do you want to know?" I asked. "Why is your hair so long and white? Do you dye your hair that color?" she asked "No I don't dye my hair. This is my natural hair color, and it's against what a believe to cut my hair." I told her calmly. I had been asked this a lot. "Oh. Thats cool. I just-" she began but was interrupted by her phone going off. "Please give me on moment. This is my mom." "Sure. Go head." I said with a wave of my hand. She turned and answered the phone. I couldn't help but notice that there was something not normal about her. She was pretty and nice, but something was not normal. It doesn't help that my powers were still acting weird. I wasn't sure why they were being so odd all of the sudden. I would have to call one of my few banshee friends and ask her if she knows whats going on. Just as I thought this Alice came back over. "I'm sorry, but I have to go. Something happened at home and I have to go." she said apologetically. "It's fine. I understand if something happens at home. See you later." I said understandingly. "Great! Thank you so much. Will I see you at school Monday then?" she asked a little to innocently. "Ya. Monday is my first day here." I responded sadly. When you have been alive as long as me, you have been to school many, many times. And you know everything there going to teach you. "Great! We are going to be great friends. I just know it!" she said cheerfully and all but danced off. As I watched her go I couldn't help but smile and look forward to Monday. (Alice POV) I went home as fast as I could. I was so excited! When I got home I ran up the stairs as fast as I could, which as a vampier is pretty fast, and was meet at the door by Edward. He had on his smug older brother look on. "So you met your imprint to day?" he asked as if asking about the weather. "Alice I'm so happy for you." Esme said lovingly. "What can you tell us about him?" "He looks like he's about 17, human I think, with the whitest white hair that you have ever seen and it touches the floor if he lets if hang behind him. He also acted like he was much older than 17 sometimes." I said in a huge rush. I was looking forward to Monday, when I could see him again. "You only think that he's human? You don't know?" Rosalie hissed in disbelief. "Ya. I don't know. He looked human, had a heart beat, gave off heat, need to breath, but something about him made me think that he wasn't human." I deadpanned. "Well the rest of us are happy for you." said Jasper holding his little red headed mate Molly. "When will you see him again?" asked Molly. She was only about 5 foot tall, bright red hair, and was adorable. "He starts school Monday. He's in my class." I said excited. Every one congratulated me and then we all went on to do our own things. (Alex POV) My power hadn't stopped stirring since I met Alice. It was Sunday night and I couldn't wait to get up in the morning. I felt like if I didn't see Alice soon my powers would explode. I was going insane. To keep form going insane I started to read. But after reading the same page three times and still not seen the words I just went to bed. I didn't fall asleep for the longest time, but when I did I dreamed of seeing Alice again. I dreamed that I saw her walking down the hall, seeing her smile again. I was so happy with the first good dream I had had in hundreds of years that I nearly blasted the alarm clock. I then realized that it was Monday and I would see Alice again. The only thing that bothered me was that I didn't think that she was human. Or banshee for that matter. I quickly showered and ate. I ran around my house making sure I had everything I would need. Once I was satisfied that that was done I started the walk to school, I still hadn't got a car. About three minutes after