I have to force myself to relax my hand and release the cool white sheet that is fisted so tightly in my grasp. My stomach is churning and I can feel a wave of heat and nausea sweep through me. It is happening again. The terror is rising and soon I will not be able to control my trembling or the dry heaving that will rack my body. I have not slept more than a few hours at a time in my own bed since I returned from the victory tour. How could I? Snow is going to kill everyone that I love and I am just waiting for the shoe to drop. I feel the panic welling from within and without thinking further jump out of bed and throw on my robe. Luckily, my mother and sister could sleep through a war so they do not hear me as I hurry down the stairs and sprint across the lawn of the Victor's Village. I need to see him. If I can touch him and see that he is real and that he is fine I know that I am too. I enter his house without knocking and take the steps two at a time. I am hoping to snuggle in close to him and fight the demons raging inside but I am not strong enough to ward them off tonight. He looks up as I stumble through the bedroom door and barely make it to the adjoining bathroom when I vomit mostly in the toilet but some on the floor too. When I have expelled the full contents of my stomach I hang my head as I sit on the tile floor and cry. Peeta does not bother to put on his prosthetic and hops on one foot into the tiny room before pressing his back to the wall and sinking to the floor. He has a towel in his hand and uses it to wipe my face before mopping up the floor and throwing it in the basket. He puts his arms around me gently from behind and pulls me into his lap. We sit that way a long time until my body has cooled and my stomach has settled. I get like this. All of the bad just builds up inside of me and I have to get it out. He knows it and does not try to comfort me with words. Instead, he positions my back to his chest securely so that I can feel his heart beating in a steady strong rhythm. He knows this will calm me after an episode. I match my shallow shaking breaths with his deep and measured ones and the tension eases from my coiled muscles. He is so unbelievably patient with me. We have been through this a dozen times since the tour and he never once complained. A few nights ago the bile came coursing up without warning and I vomited all over his bare back in the darkness. I was mortified but he just got up and carried me to the shower and let me clean myself off while he changed the bed linens and tucked me back in before scrubbing the awful smell from himself as well. He nuzzles the side of my head slightly and whispers in my ear "You ready to lay down now Katniss?" My heart sinks a little bit in my chest. I have failed to be strong enough for him again. He is going through the same thing and I am the one falling apart. I am disappointed with myself and in the back of my mind I have to admit that I am a little disappointed in his choice of words too. Last week he had whispered to me similarly and called me darling. I am not sure if he even knows he said it but I have spent an embarrassingly large amount of time thinking about it since and he has not repeated the endearment. I nod and we both make our way to his bed. It is identical to mine except for the tent he has constructed around it made of several extra sets of sheets that we found in the closet. I slip into our little haven and rest my cheek on his chest while my hand finds his and our fingers intertwine. He built this for me after I told him that I missed the cave. It is insane that any memory from the games should bring comfort to me but I felt safe there with Peeta and the sheets give me a similar feeling of seclusion. In our own little world I can relax and let myself need him. The last thing I remember before I doze off is his scent. He smells like Peeta and that means that I am safe and that no one will hurt me. There is a chill in the air when I open my eyes hours later but my body is plenty warm. It will be dawn soon and I know that I should go before my mother discovers my absence but I feel so good. It is too soon to put an end to anything pleasurable in my world of fear and pain. Sometime in the night we have shifted positions and he is now spooning me from behind. I can feel his hardness pressing against me and I smile to myself because I know that it is his proximity to my smaller body that has caused it. He knows that I am awake but we are reluctant to break the spell. I hold my breath as his hand lifts the hem of my gown and comes to rest on my bare stomach. He strokes the skin just above my panties and I think I know what he wants, what he thinks about long after I have returned to my own bed. Suddenly, his distinctive masculine smell that had been so comforting last night provokes a much different reaction between my legs. I feel a rush of warmth as he slides his palm up my side and gently cups my breast in his hand. I close my eyes and moan. I wish I could see his pale hand on my darker skin. The contrast the image provides me makes me grind myself on his erection. The needy feeling in the breast that he is not caressing causes confusion to muddle my thoughts. I do not want to desire him this way. I already need him to feel safe; needing him to feel whole will make me even more vulnerable. I cannot give him this much control. He notices the change in me and because it is Peeta he cannot let it go. "I can stop, just tell me." My body does not want him to stop but my mind is still resentful of the situation the capital has put us in. I haven't been stopping his wayward hands since our return because he deserves this and because I am curious. He cannot be with another woman without cheating on me and the thought of him touching someone else makes me shake with rage and fear. I will not let him experience this without me and I cannot expect him to live his whole life without knowing physical love. I am not sure I want to live without it either. I sound angrier than I feel when I answer him. "Take what you want to take from me Peeta. I am your fiancé. My body will belong to you soon enough." He turns me in his arms and pulls me on top of him. I am straddling his hips and trembling with new found sensation when he tells me "Only if you give it to me. I won't take it if it does not come from you." He pulls me down for a wet kiss and our teeth collide and our tongues stroke as I dry hump him shamelessly until I hear a sound that startles me out of my hormone induced mania. "Katniss Everdeen!" my mother shouts from the bedroom door. I move off of Peeta with lightning speed and slide out of the side of our nest to find my very angry mother standing beside the entrance with her hands on her hips. "Get back home this instant young lady" she scolds and gives Peeta a withering glare that I am sure he can't see before turning and escorting me back to our house. She sends me upstairs to change and I take my time trying to find words to explain my actions and do not emerge again until I have heard Prim leave for school. I am not surprised to find my mother waiting in the kitchen for me but I am shocked to see Peeta sitting at the table. "Peeta has decided to be a part of this conversation as well" my mother says. I know that we are in for a lecture but I do not want to discuss my love life with her, especially not with Peeta here. "You two may be engaged but you are too young and you are not married yet. You shouldn't be sleeping together, now there could be a baby. How long have you been sharing a bed?" I look at the floor. "Since the victory tour" I manage to get out. Her eyes widen. "That has been weeks Katniss. Your father would be so ashamed." Those words hurt me deeply and they cause Peeta to spring into action. "Mrs. Everdeen you don't understand. Katniss didn't do anything wrong. We haven't done anything. She just needs comfort and someone to be there for her. Can't you see how she is struggling? She hasn't been right since the games and I don't know how else to help her." This if the first time I have heard him say that I am sick and how powerless it makes him feel and I am so embarrassed by all of it that I wish I could just disappear. I expect my mother to calm at the knowledge that she will not be a grandmother soon but instead she pushes back at him. "Putting your hand up her skirt is not going to help her deal with her problems. I have a good mind to talk to your father about this." This causes Peeta to laugh. It is a snide and sarcastic sound that I have never heard from him before. "That is an empty threat if I ever heard one. Trust me Mrs. Everdeen I know the last thing you are ever going to do is talk to MY father, especially about sex." This leaves her speechless and gives me the opening to tell her "Haymitch knows, he said it was ok." This brings her back with a vengeance. "Since when did Haymitch start deciding what is right and wrong for this family? He is not your father. You two are not to be alone anymore. Peeta may visit when Prim or I are home and you most definitely are not to go over to his house again. You are still a child Katniss." I am panicked now and starting to breath faster. Peeta senses the start of an episode but instead of holding his ground he stands up and heads out the door. I am confused about his sudden abandonment but then I see him running across the lawn to Haymitch's. My mother is still scolding me when he returns with our mentor several minutes later. Haymitch seems relatively sober for once and I can tell that he is still trying to wake up. I am really surprised that Peeta was able to convince him to come over and even more shocked when he puts a hand on my mother's shoulder. "Lilly, let's talk about this. I know why you are worried but I don't think you are seeing it from the right perspective." My mother looks up at him and