It has to be common knowledge that if you want to be viewed as an excellent neighbor, a house warming party is absolutely necessary. Percy Jackson was, of course, fully aware of this. So the minute the boxes were unpacked and the pictures hung up in his cramped little apartment, an invitation was sent out to the neighbors. In spite of all this, he'd never quite realized how much work went into a party. "Cookies, pop, chips, carrots…" Percy murmured quietly on the scheduled date, pointing at the snacks that sat unopened on the creaky table he had found outside. It had been sitting by the dumpster when Percy walked by, and being the hoarder he was, Percy took it upon himself to give the table a new life. A coat of bright blue paint made it look as good as new, and paired with a cheap table cloth that Percy had bought specifically for the occasion, it looked downright professional. Percy had even managed to arrange the snacks… well, somewhat artistically. "Crap," he hissed suddenly. "Forgot the dip. Dip, dip, dip, where's the dip?" He rushed over to the mini fridge, which, in retrospect, did not have enough space. As he rummaged around for dip, three short, firm knocks sounded on the door. "Coming!" yelled Percy, jerking his head up and smacking it on the inside of the fridge. He swore again, and rubbing his head grouchily, hastened to the door. The first of his guests, a girl with long, choppy brown hair, stood on the cheap Welcome mat he had bought at Target a few days before. She was wearing a cute feathered headband and had pulled her hair into a ponytail with little braids peppered throughout. She grinned at him widely with a cute, slightly crooked smile. "Hi!" she said, before Percy could react. "I'm Piper! I live, like, two apartments down? I'm early, I know, I'm sorry." She rocked happily on the balls of her feet, a green plastic bag clutched in her hands. "I just like to try and get to parties early to see if I can help. And, y'know," she leaned in, "to give people the dirt on the complex." Percy grinned easily. Neighborhood gossip? He could deal with that. "Sure, come on in. I can always use help, trust me." He laughed nervously. "I recently found out I'm not that great at planning parties." Piper entered eagerly, slipping off her turquoise Chuck Taylors and dropping them beside the mat. She whistled as she walked in. "You made this place nice! I literally had no idea it could look like this. The guy who lived here before you was such a slob." She started rummaging in her bag, and Percy tried not to look curious. "Okay, so I've got some, um, cupcakes, and some napkins, and some dip, and…" she pulled a little bottle out of her bag and waved it around, "just a teensy bit of booze." Percy looked at her in awe. "You literally brought everything that I forgot." Piper smirked and gave a little snort. "Of course I did. I brought the things that everyone forgets." She set down the bag and cracked her knuckles. "Okay, so the party starts in ten minutes, which means no one else will show up for at least another twenty. I swear, I'm the only punctual person in this entire building." She plopped down at his kitchen table, and he eagerly took a seat across from her. This looked like it could get interesting. "So here's the deal," she began, crossing her arms on the table. "This floor is me, you, a guy named Travis who we all ignore, and Frank. We're the top floor so there's no one above us, which you may have already noticed. Below us we have Nico and Will, (they're together), Jason (he's mine), Hazel (she and Frank are adorable babies who like each other but have literally no idea how to flirt) and then some random guy that none of us have ever seen. The only person on level three who may come is Rachel, but I'm not sure. She gets distracted a lot and tends to miss this kind of thing, or at least come in so late it's basically over." Piper paused to take a deep breath; Percy was honestly wondering how she had managed not to run out of air already. "Level two is Reyna, Annabeth, Leo, and... oh yes, Thalia. But yeah, those are all the people you are likely to see here. We're mostly all college students because the rent here is cheap." Percy blinked at her. "Do you expect me to remember all that?" Piper sighed and got up from the table. "I seriously have no idea why I even bother. Do you have any music?" True to Piper's word, the rest of the invitees began showing up about ten minutes after the start of the party. By that point, Piper had given Percy a cookie and made him sit down on the couch, and proceeded to fish through his music until she found something that she deemed appropriate. By the time people started arriving, the food was arranged differently, a catchy song that Percy didn't know he owned was playing, and somehow Piper had adjusted the lights so everything looked slightly brighter. Yes, he was going to get along with Piper just fine. The first of the loud knocks sent Percy sprinting to the door. A quick head count found five people shoving their way into the room. A small girl with dark skin and light brown curls caught his eye and grinned. Another girl with spiky black hair and bright blue eyes shoved her way through the small crowd and smirked at Percy's apartment. "I see Piper's been here already." The party was in full blast within ten minutes. Percy chatted idly with some of the guests, quickly realizing that he had chosen a building of awesome people to move to. Some of the girls, Piper included, were bopping along to the music in the living room, occasionally knocking something over and giggling hysterically before carefully placing it back in its spot. Percy had struck up a conversation with a couple of the guys who he had identified as Leo from the second floor and Piper's Jason, when there was a final knock at the door. Percy excused himself from the conversation for a moment to go and answer it. He pulled open the door, which was strangely heavy. A girl looked up at him, casually brushing some of the winter snowflakes off the shoulder of her royal blue coat. "Hi! I'm assuming this is the housewarming party? Sorry I'm so late." "It's, um, okay," Percy stuttered. For some reason he couldn't take his eyes off the tiny snowflakes that had pooled in her honey-blonde curls. She sent him a quick smile through pale- pink lips, and then she pushed past him into the party, calling out to Piper, who turned with a welcoming grin on her face. Percy gulped. Shaking his head, he walked back over to rejoin his conversation with Leo and Jason. Leo grinned impishly at him. "Saw your face over there, dude. That's Annabeth. She's pretty hot, right? I'd warn you to be careful, though. She doesn't go for a lot of guys." "What?" Percy spluttered. "I wasn't… I didn't… I never…" "Dude, relax," Jason said, giving him a reassuring little smile. Then he added with a sneaky grin, "I was the same way when I first met Piper." Percy groaned. In his brief conversation with Leo and Jason, Percy had picked up subtle little hints on their personalities. Leo talked loudly and waved his hands a lot. He seemed to get passionate about things very quickly. Jason was a little quieter and more reserved, like he wasn't quite sure anyone really wanted to be listening to him. Almost everything he said sounded fascinating, and Percy found himself having fun. Someone tapped him on the shoulder and he turned. The girl with the blonde hair, Annabeth, was holding a cookie wrapped in a napkin. Percy found himself watching her curls again. They bobbed slightly up and down as she talked, and Percy was mesmerized by the tiny drop of melted snow that shimmered off the end of one of the golden tresses. She was saying something. Percy shook his head and tried to pay attention to the words coming out of the girl's mouth. "…allergy. Are these cookies nut free?" "What?" Percy fumbled. "Oh, um, I… yes they do." Annabeth looked slightly confused, but she nodded in a reassured sort of way and continued on to the couch, where she squeezed herself in between Piper and the tiny, dark skinned girl Percy had figured out was Hazel from the floor below him. He smiled at them. Piper caught his eye and smiled back, giving him a tiny thumbs-up. Percy smiled confusedly. "…take the lampshade off your head, Thals." Thalia grinned at Jason and twirled around, letting the plain white lampshade fall down further over her eyes. "Why, baby brother? Am I embarrassing you?" Jason covered his eyes with his palm, and Percy and Leo roared along with laughter. Thalia spun around until she bumped into the girl who Percy thought was called Reyna, who laughed and pulled the lampshade off her head. Still chuckling, Percy's eyes drifted over the guests of the party. Hazel and the guy Piper mentioned, Frank, were chatting quietly in a corner. Percy couldn't help but smile at the way Hazel shuffled her feet and looked bashfully at the floor every few seconds. Piper and Jason had vanished altogether, and Percy decided not to try too hard to look for them. Leo, per usual, was chatting to a couple of girls whose names Percy didn't know in a corner; all he knew was that they were totally out of Leo's league. The tan blonde member of the pair Percy had identified as Will and Nico was trying to braid the other's hair, while the dark-haired one tried to swat his hand away. Percy found himself grinning again. Finally, he let his eyes drift back over to Annabeth, who was chewing her cookie slowly and thoughtfully. She sat alone on his worn couch, and Percy decided maybe it would be a good moment to try and go talk to her without tripping over all of his words. As he got closer, Percy suddenly realized something was wrong. Her rosy cheeks had gone pale, and the expression that Percy had deemed as thoughtful looked slightly scared instead. Percy sat down beside her. "Are you okay?" he asked. "Um." She swallowed and spoke in a quiet voice. "What's in these cookies?" Percy blinked in surprise and glanced down at the cookie in her hand, which only had two small bites taken out of it. "Oh, my mom made them. They have, uh, flour, sugar, eggs, vanilla, peanut-butter, salt, chocolate… what?" Annabeth's eyes had suddenly gone wide. She dropped the cookie. "I'm allergic to peanuts!" she hissed in a low voice. Percy felt his own eyes go wide. "You are? You should have told me that." "I did . I told you that I had a peanut allergy and asked if the cookies were nut-free and you said yes!" Percy smacked his forehead. "I thought you asked if they had nuts. I said yes, yes they do have nuts." Annabeth flopped back onto the couch with a groan. "Ugh, I hate this," she wheezed. "I'm going to go into anaphylaxis now." "What? No!" gasped Percy, crawling closer to her. "Are you sure? What can I do? Can I help?" He was beginning to get a little frantic. "Annabeth. Annabeth, talk to me." Annabeth swallowed and closed her eyes speaking carefully. "I'm sure. It feels like someone poured gravel down my throat." She winced. "You may have to give me the Epi-Pen. Also I might, um, throw