I do not own Harry Potter, its characters, or its plot as these rights belong ultimately to J. K. Rowling. I simply just own this particular fanfic, though no profit was, is, or will be made. WARNING : This fanfic contains name-calling, spanking, language, and sex between two males (M/M). If any of these deter you from liking the following fanfic, then please do leave effective immediately, if not … … … then continue onward and consider yourselves warned. Tired of his shit. Or is he? The Friday morning came with heavy cloud cover and the promise of a fierce thunderstorm when Harry awoke in his dormitory. While it was just another day in March, a day where he was to continue classes in his fifth year, Harry had always loved weather similar to this, to see the flashes of light dance across the sky, to feel the vibrations of the answering thunder, and hear the pounding of heavy rainfall carrying the all too familiar scent of renewal as the water washed away all the troubles of the earth and quenched Nature's thirst. That being said, classes had ended for the day freeing him from the confining walls of Transfiguration, and while he would love to oversee the storm still brewing, he was nearly at his wits-end with the constant degrading of one Draco Malfoy and found that, with the combinations of Umbitch, the Ministry, and the expectations of his peers were crowding him in, caging his freedom and broiling up as his anger grew to dangerous levels. "Draco, I swear if you don't 'cease your infernal yapping*', I am going to make you." "Ooh, I'm suddering in fear. Really Scar-head, you need to do better than that. This is what becomes from always hanging around Blood Traitors and Mudbloods alike." And that's what did it. That single comment had everything bursting to the surface and drowning him in rage. He couldn't take it anymore, he couldn't take the knowledge he would have to face Voldemort, he couldn't take Umbitch and her lackeys, and he couldn't take anymore of Draco's shit. "That does it," Harry growls as he grips Draco's wrist in an iron hold. "I've had enough of your shit . Ron, Hermione, you two head on up, I'll catch-up later. Draco we need to … talk ." Normally his two best mates would have protested but both, even Ron, knew when not to push and simply nodded and continued onto the Gryffindor Common Room before heading to dinner. Draco tried to fight but Harry had somehow gone through a growth spurt, now standing at six foot two inches to Draco's five foot seven. Not only that but Harry wasn't the scrawny kid he was last year, no he now sported rock hard muscles that made his arms and legs bulge at nearly three time what they were in fourth-year. Unable to break free, Draco resorted to yelling but before he could utter a single syllable, Harry already had his wand out. " Langlock , Petrificus Totalus ." Now Draco could neither talk or move as Harry flicked his wand and Draco floated an inch from the ground and was being guided by Harry up the the seventh floor to an empty corridor before a grand set of double doors materialized in front of them and they both entered as the doors shut with a resounding thud. " Repello Wizardum , Lockorim , Silencio Wardarium . Disorbium , Biomomentum , Momentum Vocalis ." Draco saw the various wards stand now erect and knew no one would be able to find them. The thought brought a slight tinge of fear before he realized he was once again able to talk and move but that he was also naked as the day he was born. "What the fuck Scarhead," Draco cried taking several swings at Harry. "You brought her to RAPE me!" "No! Gods no. I brought you here because I'm tired of your shite Draco. I brought you here because you're in sore need of discipline." Draco was snatched by the wrist and thrust over Harry's lap as The-Fucking-Boy-Who-Fucking-Lived-to-Fuck-Life-Up-Another-Day-Because-He-Won't-Fucking-Die sat on a chair. How the fuck did a fucking chair get their anyway? There was now only one explanation as to what Harry was getting ready to do to him and Draco tried to get away but what do you know? He fucking can't… then the hits came. One. "Let me go you fucker. I swear if you don't you'll be sorry." "No I won't Draco, but you will." Two. Draco won't admit the screech he gave. Three. "Let me go. I'm so getting you expelled for this." Four. "I swear Potter I'll fucking kill you and keep you dead if you don't let me go!" Five. "Why am I punishing you Draco?" Draco didn't answer, he wasn't going to give Potter the satisfaction of his pain and humiliation no matter how much his arse was crying out in sheer agony. Six, seven, eight, nine, ten. "ANSWER ME DRACO! Why am I punishing you?" "Because you're a sick, perverted mother-fucker!" Eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty. "Okay! You made your point," cries a now sobbing Draco, shut-up his ass was on fire as Harry continued to ruthlessly smack and spank his cheeks and upper thighs. "Stop it!" "Not until you tell me why you deserve this. I can keep doing this Draco so stop acting like the spoilt brat you are and fess up." Twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty. "Because I've been acting like a spoilt brat and I keep making threats and behave like an ass towards you and your Golden Trio." "Yes but what else?" Thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty. "How should I fucking know?" "Wrong answer." Forty-one, forty-two, forty-three, forty-four, forty-five. "Okay! Okay! It's because I also keep calling you and your friends degrading names!" "That's right. So you know you deserve this?" "Yes! Now please stop!" "Not yet. What else Draco?" "I'M SORRY!" Forty-six, forty-seven, forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty. With the last slap, Draco was shoved to the floor but that brought an agonized scream as his rear landed hard on the stone floor and Draco was reduced to a sobbing mess as he curled into a ball, he just knew his ass was going to literally be black and blue with bruises. "Shite," cried another's voice Draco was far too gone to even remember who was in the room with him only that he was now being gathered in strong, comforting arms. "Shite Draco, I'm sorry. You deserved your punishment but I didn't mean to take it this far." The voice and embrace were so full of comfort that Draco shoved his "proper Pureblood behavior" aside and curled into the strong body and comforting scent as he wailed and wailed and wailed some more, he just couldn't stop. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. …." "Shh, shh; it's okay. You're okay. I'm the one who's sorry, I promise I'll never hurt you like this again. Shh, it's alright." The comforting continued for and hour or two at least before Draco could finally calm down though he refused to move from the embrace surrounding him finding a strange comfort. Of course that comfort increased when he felt another's wands sliding across the bruised cheeks and leave refreshing coolness behind, they still stung but they no longer were on fire. "Draco look at me. I'm truly sorry for going brutally on you. I promised never to do that again and if I can make it up to you let me know." Draco gazed into those familiar emerald orbs and saw true sorrow and regret along with truth and love. Wait love? Draco had always been in love with Harry, first as a hero-worship then an actual crush that wouldn't let go when they first met. That was why he was always so mean and cruel towards Harry, it hurt when Harry refused his friendship. Over the years that crush grew stronger, so did the bullying. When he saw Harry again at the Welcoming Feast this year and saw how much Harry had matured, he realized it was no longer a simple crush, but instead love. He was in love with Harry-Too-Good-For -Him-Potter, what he saw now only solidified that love. "Dra-mmmph!" Draco couldn't help it, couldn't hide it anymore so he surged forward and kissed Harry with everything he had. His longing only grew and his heart escalated when he felt the love of his life begin to kiss him back as they both got off the floor and were now standing, and still they kissed as if this were their last moments together. *This is a WARNING to all you homophobes out there and/or those who are "too innocent" or still find themselves a little uncomfortable around sex scenes hetero or homo. There is an explicit M/M sex scene following immediately after this here text. You have been WARNED so don't start crying about your hurt or insulted mental states and flaming me. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. Either stop reading or continue and face the consequences of doing so. If it means so much to ya, you can skip this part until you come across my "it's safe to read" notation.* Draco drops to his knees as Harry looks on in confused wonderment, and start rubbing his face against Harry's pants-covered cock, mewling like a cat in heat. "Please, Harry." Hesitation dances across Harry's face and his confusion turns up several notches. "I need it, I need it so badly. Please I need your cock... " Draco continues to beg. "Please daddy." Both males froze surprised, one at hearing the name, the other when he realized he saw the raven-haired man as a pseudo-father figure which turned into a heavy daddy kink he didn't know he even had but desperately needed. Harry groaned and his cock twitched finding he too had a rather large daddy kink. He pulls his cock out slowly, the flushed swollen head peeking out from the dark fabric of his school robes. Draco feels his mouth watering and his arsehole twitch in want, he thinks Harry's cock is so gorgeous, all thick and hard, at around nine inches long and three inches thick, as it curves towards the blond's face. Harry is gentle now, fingertips skating against his new lover's cheek as he brushes a wayward strand of hair behind an ear. He grips the base of his cock and guides it towards Draco's mouth, and his lips part willingly. Draco almost cries in relief when the rosy head slides against his tongue as his rosy pink lips wrap around the cock sucking urgently and swallowing at the sudden rush of saliva in his mouth. "Yes," Harry groans, eyes hazy with desire. "That's so good, you're so good." Draco finds himself blushing as his heart warms with Harry's unexpected praise making his own prick twitch in response. He run his tongue along the underside of The-Boy-Who-lived's cock, tracing the vivid veins before coming to the head, swirling and dipping his tongue into the slit. Harry's hand is still holding his cock, jerking the base in time with Draco's eager bobbing, moving slower and gentler when Draco mouthed at his cock and speeding up when Draco took one or both balls, sometimes even the whole scrotum into his mouth. Harry's fingers curl tightly in blond hair, pulling his boy's head back and his cock leaves the mouth with a slick pop. "If you don't stop I'm going to cum too soon. I'm betting you want this to last don't you Baby Boy?" "Yes daddy," was Draco's reply. "What do you want, love mmh? What does my Baby Boy want?" "I-I...I want..." Draco moaned breathless and rock hard. "I want to suck your dick daddy… but I also want you in me too." Harry grinned happily. "I would love for you