NHL Rulebook. Section 2 - Teams. Rule 5 - Team. 5.3 Goalkeeper. In regular League and Playoff games, if both listed goalkeepers are incapacitated, that team shall be entitled to dress and play any available goalkeeper who is eligible. "Good practice, short stuff," Chuck said as he dumped his gloves in his locker room stall next to Nico's. "We're gonna own those losers next week." Nico groaned and rolled his eyes, flicking Chuck's ear as soon as Chuck took his helmet off. "Thanks, you overgrown goat." "Ow!" Chuck winced and glared at his teammates for laughing at him. He rubbed at his ear and started peeling himself out of his gear. "You gotta stop hating on the beard, man. The ladies love it." "Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whatever." Nico sat down in his stall and started the arduous task of stripping himself of several layers of protective gear. Getting dressed and undressed was a sport in itself, especially for goaltenders, wearing twice as much padding as the other players. By the time he'd finished and had grabbed his shower bag, most teammates were already pulling on their regular clothing. Nico wished them a good week and headed into the showers. When he got out, Chuck was still in the locker room, impatiently tapping his foot. "Come on, man. Hurry it up. I want to grab a beer before the game starts." "Christ," Nico said, rolling his eyes as he pulled his boxers on. "I don't know why you go see that garbage fire of a team every time they play at home." Chuck shrugged, dragging his enormous hockey bag to the center of the locker room. "They aren't that bad." "They're literally at the bottom of the league," Nico said. "For the second year in a row." "I'm not letting a filthy Pegasi fan talk about my team like that." Nico snorted. "I don't get why you hate the Pegasi so much. They're leading the division by ten points. Clearly they're doing something right." "Just get dressed, will you? I'll give you a ride home after we grab a beer." After dumping their bags in Chuck's beat up truck, the two of them headed to the sports bar across the street. It smelled of stale beer and peanuts, but to Nico, it had turned into a home away from home. He'd spent countless nights here, celebrating his beer league team's victories with his teammates. He still had trouble remembering the night they'd won the trophy last season. For this season, they'd gotten the owner to sponsor their team a little, in the form of a free beer after a victory. A few of their teammates were already drinking when Nico and Chuck joined them. Without prompting, the bartender set two bottles of beer down in front of them. Nico accepted his with a smile and put it to his lips immediately. "So what's your plan for tonight?" Nico shrugged, running his finger through the condensation on the bottle. "Watch a movie, or maybe go straight to bed." "Sounds lame." Nico looked up and smirked. "I have work tomorrow. Besides, it's better than watching the Furies lose yet again." His teammates laughed as Nico ducked away from the punch aimed at his shoulder. He was saved by Chuck's phone, blaring his obnoxious ringtone. "Hey, dad," Chuck said as he picked up the phone, turning away from Nico. "Whoah, slow down, slow down. Just let me get outside." He took a big sip of his beer and hopped off his barstool. Nico busied himself with peeling the label off his beer bottle as he talked game strategy with Mike and Jimmy. Most of the label lay in tiny pieces on the bar when Chuck pulled the bottle away from his hands and slammed money onto the bar. "We have to go. Now." Nico grabbed for his bottle, took one last sip before sliding it over to Mike, and followed Chuck outside, struggling to put his jacket back on. "What's going on? Did something happen?" "I'll explain on the way," Chuck said, opening his door and hopping into the driver's seat, waiting for Nico to sit down and close his door before starting down the street. "Where are we going?" Nico asked, fastening his seatbelt. "That was my dad on the phone, and there's a bit of an emergency situation going on," Chuck said, pulling onto the highway. "He needs a goalie." "What? The fuck would your dad need a goalie for?" Nico asked, confused. "I have plans, dude." "Please." Chuck snorted. "Sitting at home and jerking off isn't plans," he said, turning his head and flashing Nico a smile. "Besides, you'll like this, I'm sure." "Again, why the fuck would your dad need a goalie?" "My dad's a coach." "Yes? And?" "I thought you were smarter than that, man. Coach Hedge, ring any bells?" Nico was sure he'd heard the name before, but he couldn't figure out where. He gritted his teeth when he saw Chuck smiling smugly to himself, before the penny dropped. "No. Fuck, no. Take me home. I'm not doing it." "Oh, come on," Chuck said. "They're in deep shit. Harald was injured in warmups and the game starts in thirty minutes." "So have him call those snotty Penn State assholes," Nico all but growled. Chuck rubbed at his face, trying to weave his way through gameday traffic headed towards the Argo Stadium. "They're out of state. Seward is the usual emergency goalie but he's dealing with a sprained ankle. I'm telling you, my dad wouldn't have called me unless he was really in trouble." He sighed deeply. "Look, I already told him you'd do it. This is the NHL, man. The big league! You should be jumping at the chance." "Yeah," Nico deadpanned, staring out the window. "I'm jumping all right. Just like how I jumped for joy when I was laughed out of the room at Penn State tryouts. I'm so happy a whole fucking NHL team will get the chance to laugh at me." Chuck looked at Nico, as serious as Nico had ever seen him. "Listen to me. If I didn't think you could do it, I wouldn't have told my dad I knew a guy. Screw those assholes at Penn State. They don't know what they're missing." He turned his eyes back to the road, then steered the car off the highway. Further ahead loomed the silhouette of the Argo Stadium, and against his wishes, Nico felt butterflies in his stomach, circling the rock that had made itself a home there when Chuck had told him that he'd volunteered him. "Besides," Chuck started, grinning. "You'll only have to sit on the bench. You get to hang out with the players and you'll have the best seat in the house. And did I tell you you'll get five hundred bucks for it?" They found a parking spot, and Chuck called his dad while Nico hauled his bag and stick out of the truck. "You fucking owe me," he grumbled. "Big time." A middle-aged guy in a suit came outside to greet them. After a short handshake, the guy, who introduced himself as Dave Anderson, Assistant Coach, whisked Nico away and into the building. The next few minutes were a blur. Nico had to answer questions fired at him from all directions - What's your jersey size? How do you spell your name? What's your experience? Are you healthy? What number do you want to play with? - and had to sign a bunch of waivers before he was quickly ushered into the locker room, where his gear was already waiting for him. It was a little surreal, being in an actual NHL locker room. Everything about it screamed professional sports - from the warm lighting to the glossy finish of the stalls, from the enormous Furies logo on the floor to the polished nameplates. He was left alone and left to dress, and he allowed himself a minute to look around and take everything in. Being a Pegasi fan meant that he was technically in enemy territory (the Pegasi and the Furies had a longstanding rivalry), but this wasn't the time to be petty. He got into his gear as fast as he could, the excitement slowly building up inside of him and the adrenalin pushing the last of his tiredness out of his system. He'd told Chuck he absolutely didn't want to do it, but he knew it was a once in a lifetime opportunity, and Chuck had been right: What else was he going to do tonight? He knew he'd just be there to keep the bench warm, and that chances of him playing were microscopic at best, but he didn't care if his one game of NHL experience would boil down to sitting on the bench for one and a half periods; it would still be an awesome memory to have - even if it was with the worst team in the league, two years running. Anderson interrupted him in the locker room to give him his driver's license back. When Nico had put it back into his wallet, Anderson held out a pen. "Ready to sign your NHL contract?" Nico couldn't help but smile through the sting. Anderson spoke the words he'd always wanted to hear, though it stung, knowing it would be for one night only. Still, when he saw the contract, his eyes lit up. MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT BETWEEN: Nicolas di Angelo, hereinafter called the "Player" -AND- Philadelphia Furies, hereinafter called the "Club" In consideration of the opportunity to play in the NHL, receipt of $500, and the Player being permitted to retain his game-worn jersey, the Player agrees to present himself, upon request of the Club to perform services as a player on Thursday, March 21 at the Argo Stadium. This agreement shall be valid for a term of one (1) day, and a Club shall only be permitted to enter into such an agreement in accordance with Section 16.14 of the CBA. Club certifies that it is signing player to this Professional Try-Out Agreement in order to address a last minute injury, illness or League suspension that results in the Club not being able to dress two goaltenders for an NHL Game, and that effectuating a Recall is otherwise impossible. It wasn't the thing he'd always dreamed of, but he was never going to get closer than this. He was going to make the most of it. He took the pen with an unsteady hand and signed his name underneath the contract. After emerging from the locker room, a bright orange jersey was handed to him by a guy who introduced himself as Hudson, equipment manager. His number - 35, since 30 was already taken by Harald - was sloppily stitched on the back of the jersey, and above it, DI ANGELO, in bold black letters on a white strip. A surge of pride swept over him. Whatever happened, he'd have tangible proof of his stint as the Furies' backup goaltender. Hudson led him down the tunnel, asking him about his stick preferences and explained that the coaches and players were already on the bench. Warmups had started a few minutes ago. As they walked, the constant background noise he'd been hearing grew louder, and Nico was able to make out what it was. The music was blaring, the crowd was cheering, and he could hear the scratching of skates on ice, the unmistakable sound of sticks sending pucks flying, the pings against the crossbars and posts of the goal when the pucks hit them, and the whoops and hollers of the players on the ice. It was a unique experience. At his own hockey games, they were lucky if thirty people showed up to watch, but right now, there were thousands of people in the stands. When he finally emerged from the tunnel, his heart skipped a beat. He wasn't a stranger to hockey games, having gone