THE Lord of the Rings: Gone Rum—The Most Rummish of Them All! One dull autumn day, Legolas, Gimli, and Aragorn were in a pub visiting and chatting about "very important things". "You think we might be getting some rain soon?" asked Legolas hopefully. "I'm trying to grow a petunia in my yard and it hasn't gotten any water for quite some time now." "I don't know," muttered Aragorn dismissively. He was terribly uninterested, you see. "Yes, that would be nice," agreed Gimli, "I haven't taken a mud bath in a while and I think I need one." Legolas wrinkled his nose at the dwarf, but said nothing. Aragorn sat hunched over at the table, head resting on his fists. He wished there was something to do. After thinking ardently for a minute, he proclaimed, "I have it! We need to draw some pictures—lots of them—I don't care what of—and then we will critique each others' work." "I guess it beats sitting around enjoying the pleasantries of small talk," murmured Legolas. "Besides, I was at the top of my art class in school." "I don't doubt it," chuckled Gimli quietly. Therefore, they found some pieces of paper and began to bestow a myriad of pencil marks upon them. After about an hour, each had close to five drawings a piece. Satisfied with their work, they began passing them around and writing helpful (or not so helpful) remarks about what each thought of the others' work. "Hm—" thought Legolas as he gazed at Gimli's first drawing, an axe. "This is—interesting." The next picture was the same axe and a decapitated orc. "Ugh! Dwarves!" thought Legolas. The remaining pictures were a picture of a mine, some Dwarven armor, and what looked like a roaring fire, malt beer, and ripe meat off the bone. Legolas wasn't certain of what to write. Even though he thought his own drawings FAR superior, (they were of flowers, hairbrushes, perfume, etc.) he decided that he wouldn't be overly harsh. But then again—he wasn't going to tell the dwarf that he was Raphael and make him all bigheaded. In the end, he decided to take the middle ground. What he wrote: Good –Legolas Then, Gimli passed Aragorn's pictures to him. "Even worse!" thought Legolas. The first one was a REALLY BAD stick figure of Arwen. What's that? So was the second! The third, as well. The fourth was a picture of Arwen and Aragorn kissing. And the fifth? A picture of Gandalf zapping someone with his staff. Without a moment's hesitation, Legolas wrote his critique on every picture: Good –Legolas Soon after, everyone was looking at his own pictures, inspecting the appraisals. "Ha!" said Gimli. "Legolas, don't you know any other words besides 'good'?" "That's what I was wondering," agreed Aragorn. "Can it be that he desires to officially change his name to 'Good Legolas'?" "Ha, ha, very funny!" said Legolas, insulted. "I gave you a good critique. Is that so bad?" "Yes and no, Good Legolas," replied Aragorn. "Ah!" cried Legolas. "Stop!" "Good Legolas!" jeered Gimli. "Good Legolas!" taunted Aragorn. "I don't like you guys anymore," pouted Legolas. "What was that, Good Legolas?" asked Gimli. I'm afraid that Good Legolas was quite offended for some time. —————————— A few days later, the diverse trio was eating lunch at the Prancing Pony. Aragorn had just taken a large bite of spaghetti, when he, having a full mouth, said, "Umm…" and indicated the pile of napkins on the table. Confused, Gimli and Legolas sniggered for a moment, and questioned: "What do you want? A napkin?" Aragorn nodded. "Well, why didn't you just say so?" asked Legolas. "We don't speak the 'Umm…hum…mm…umm…' language!" Aragorn was mercilessly teased about this for years afterward, especially whenever he asked for a napkin. —————————— Days later, they were sitting at the Prancing Pony—again, and were talking about times past. "You know, Aragorn," said Legolas, "I used to be involved in gymnastics." "That's—nice," replied Aragorn, noting the expectant look on Legolas' face. "Let me guess, you want me to ask you to show me some of your moves." "You're good at this," said Legolas. "May I?" "If you must." Legolas strode forward and began doing high kicks. To the man and dwarf's astonishment, his legs almost touched his face each time he kicked. "What amazing flexibility," thought Gimli. However, not to be beaten in anything by the elf, he said: "Ho, Good Legolas. I'll have a try!" "As you wish," said Legolas. Gimli stepped forward and made a sincere attempt. Often, however, sincere attempts err. This was no exception. Gimli found himself sprawled on his back, the others' laughter ringing in his ears. He wanted to die right there. —————————— The next night, Gimli and Legolas were standing out in an alley in the village of Bree. Suddenly, eerie music began to play and a mechanical cat wheeled out from behind a trash can. "Meow! Meow!" it said. Then, it blew up. "How—lovely," said Legolas. —————————— The night after this, Legolas and Gimli, who were now excluding Aragorn because he was taking all of his friends' mistakes excessively far, visited a gift shop, or "tourist trap" as Legolas put it. There, Legolas found something wonderful. It was a toy. However, not just any toy was it. It was a ball, but it was colorful, squishy, and had many tendrils of multicolored rubber protruding like a cheerleader's pom-pom. Legolas dubbed it "Mr. Squishy," and protected it as if it was his own child. Gimli asked to see it. "No!" cried Legolas. "Ok," said Gimli. The dwarf would respect Legolas' wishes. Aragorn was another story, however. The second he saw Legolas cradling Mr. Squishy, he ran and tore it out of the elf's grasp, ignoring his desperate cries of protest. "Don't hurt Mr. Squishy!" screamed Legolas. However, Aragorn, in direct disobedience, threw Mr. Squishy on the floor and began stomping on him. "NOOOO!" cried Legolas in anguish. But it was too late; Aragorn stepped off Mr. Squishy, revealing a colorful rubber smudge on the floor. Legolas mourned for weeks. —————————— Weeks later, the trio was again at the Prancing Pony, discussing highly important matters. "Do you know who the new barkeep is?" asked Gimli furtively. "I think he said his name was John," replied Aragorn. "John?" said Legolas. "What race is that? 'Tis not elvish, nor dwarfish. Could it be a human name?" "Yes," said Aragorn, trying to hide a smile. "In our language, it means 'toilet'." Gimli and Legolas looked at each other in horror. "I think I'm going to keep with calling him 'Mr. Bartender'," said Legolas quietly. "The previous barkeep was called—Craig, I think," continued Aragorn. "It means—" "I don't believe I want to know," said Legolas hurriedly. —————————— The next morning, Gimli, Aragorn, and Legolas finally decided to leave Bree. As they departed from the village, they came upon a strange someone. He was dressed all in tie-dye, had an orange headband, long white hair and beard, and a mood ring. They thought he looked familiar, but were not certain. He was headed for the Prancing Pony. "Sir—" called Aragorn. "Who are you?" "Dude," said Gandalf, staring at his mood-ring. "I've never seen it that color before." The varied trio decided not to ask and instead withdrew speedily from Bree. —————————— As they headed for Rivendell, they came across Merry and Pippin, who (it appeared) were mushrooming. "Greetings, Hobbits!" said Legolas. "You're awfully far from home, are you not?" "Yes," replied Merry, approaching them. "But, you know, you can never go too far for mushrooms." "Here, have some of them!" offered Pippin generously. The Hobbits eagerly thrust one into each of the trio's hands. "Well—all right," agreed Gimli. They all ate one. Merry and Pippin stared at Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli anxiously. The change was not long in coming. "The sky is falling!" cried Gimli, laughing like Agamemnon while hopping in circles. Aragorn and Legolas began having a spitting contest. "Mine went farther!" Legolas laughed insanely. "Yep," said Merry. "I'd say it worked. They're stoned." Aragorn had grown so humiliated at his loss that he began trying to tunnel into the ground to get away from the others. It didn't work so well. Legolas stood behind him, pointing and laughing like the Stinky Ol' Man. Meanwhile, Gimli was braiding his beard into a fishtail braid. After several long minutes of mushroom induced insanity, Legolas came to his senses. "What am I doing?" he cried. "And what made me do it?" Merry and Pippin stared at each other, frightened. "This is the part where we run away," said Merry. They did. Legolas looked over and saw Aragorn and Gimli trying to catch a butterfly, so he grabbed them by the backs of their necks and tossed them in the river. —————————— Weeks later, Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli were at Rivendell in Aragorn's room. "Let's act out a scene!" suggested Legolas. "Which one?" asked Gimli. "The part where I marry Arwen?" asked Aragorn. "No!" said Legolas and Gimli in unison. "Fine." "How about we do Boromir's death scene?" proposed Gimli. "Good idea," said Aragorn. "I'll be Boromir, because I look the most like him." "And who will we be?" asked Legolas with mock curiosity. "Uruk-hai," said Aragorn. Gimli and Legolas stared at each other and nodded, raising their eyebrows. "Very well, Aragorn," agreed Legolas. "Gimli, we must get into costume." Subsequently, they raced behind Aragorn's lavish dressing screen. Aragorn saw clothes and make-up flying up in the air from all sides, and soon, two VERY convincing Orcs emerged. Legolas had smeared every visible portion of his fair skin with brownish-blackish paint and had donned a black wig, which matched the ugly black Orcish-looking garments he wore. Gimli was much the same. They each carried an Uruk scimitar that they had borrowed from Aragorn's collection of prizes he had taken in battle. "Nice," said Aragorn, stifling a chuckle. Legolas and Gimli (A.K.A. "Lurtz and Ugluk") stepped forward. "Boromir, you can kill Ugluk three or four times, and then I'll come up and shoot you," said Legolas. "All right," agreed Aragorn. "But not really. Just pretend to shoot me." "Very well," sighed Legolas, feigning disappointment. Scene I: Boromir is fighting Uruk-hai. Even though there should be dozens swarming him, it appears there is only one. Every time he kills it, it gets back up as if nothing has happened and keeps fighting. After several minutes of fighting Uruk-hai, Boromir sees another Uruk with an elvish longbow entering the scene. The Uruk snarls convincingly, drawing an arrow and putting it on the string. Scene II: The Uruk-hai shoots at Boromir, completely skewering him on the arrow. Boromir: "Legolas, you neophyte! You weren't actually supposed to shoot me! Cut! Cut!" Ugluk: "You are one of the most idiotic parasites I have ever met!" Lurtz: "Uh—it looks like the Orcs are getting restless. We'll be back after these messages from our sponsors." —————————— A few weeks later, Aragorn was selling fruit in Rivendell when Merry and Pippin swung by to procure some. Eagerly peeking up over the wooden table, Pippin tried to see what kinds of fruit Aragorn had to offer, and noticed a large, crisp-looking apple. Pippin was so excited that he leapt up and grabbed it, but in the process, knocked a massive dish of assorted fruit high into the air. "Catch it! Catch it!" cried Aragorn in a high-pitched voice, diving towards the falling fruit. Merry and Pippin seized some empty baskets and began catching the fruit. "Catch it! Catch it!" shrilled Aragorn, as a peach splattered his face. "Oh, no!" Merry and Pippin ran around in circles trying to catch the fruit yelling: "Catch it! Catch it!" But, every time a fruit splashed on their faces or on the ground, they would squeak: "Oh, no!" Soon, all of the fruit had either been splattered or caught. Aragorn was so angry, he began throwing the remaining fruit at the two Hobbits, chasing them away. At least Pippin escaped