Gimli's Workshop Allan and Ron Martin A/N: Okay...I'm not the author, but whatever. My dad and my Uncle Ron wrote this story as a present for my birthday. Please review! They really want to know what you think of it! Thank-you. Gimli leaned back on his stool, cackling, "I think I have something here, Durin." Durin ambled over to have a look at Gimli's cluttered workbench. "What is it?" "I think I can mend links of this new alloy together using just the right heat techniques. Look how malleable it is!" slavered Gimli. The hot white links of molten metal were joined as if knitted delicately by a spider spinning its web. "This fabric is strong and inert when it's exposed to oxidants or acids!" continued Gimli. "I think we've invented a new Dwarvish armor. It's light, strong, and could be projectile resistant." Durin hissed his approval as he burnt his finger reaching for the delicate fabric. Poggin was still pumping the bellows on the smelting furnace as he sat on his stool, drinking ghoulish-looking green ale out of a super-sized flagon. Gimli had opened a small workshop on a narrow cobblestone street located near the remnants of Osgiliath. He wanted to be centrally located in the "lands of men" to sell his wares. "Dwarfsmith Armaments" was the name of the business, and Gimli meant to be the finest builder of weapons he possibly could. Gimli snorted, "We'll have to sneak out to the mine again tonight to get more ore if we want to get enough to craft a coat." Poggin squealed, "Oh, for Gollum's sake! I don't want to go mining all night again. I've got blisters on my feet already from pumping these blasted bellows!" "Who gives the wages, Small-Beard?" Gimli retorted. Poggin begrudgingly assented. "Poggin, let's work on that armor-piercing crossbow for the rest of the afternoon, until it gets late enough, so we can get up to the mine unnoticed." Gimli's workshop was a spacious (for Middle-earth standards), open, and bright area about twice the size of two Fell Beasts if they were laying side-by-side dead, with their wings spread. A longbow rack adorned one wall on the northeast side, up high, while below it was the specially designed battle-axe rack. There were many weapons stashed in the racks that were being worked on, repaired, or were brand new. "Orc-Cleaver," a particularly ornate battle-axe, lay in a special place above the rack on its own smaller stanchion. It was about one rod long and was bespeckled with jewels up around the top of the handle for about two handbreadths. Emeralds and rubies mostly were inlaid into the purest gold. The shaft was crafted with platinum all the way from the hilt to the blade. Two intricate dioramas of battle processions and flora and fauna had been meticulously and skillfully engraved into the platinum to create a history or story. The blade was about two adult Hobbit feet long, double bladed, with the sharpest, shiniest, most polished steel in Middle-earth. On the northwest wall was a large rack for maces, flails, and spears. There were close to seventy-five weapons in the rack, all in various levels of disrepair. Above these was the sword rack. In the back corner, next to the shield hanging area, was a large smelting furnace and bellows made of cobblestones that had been carefully laid with a chimney venting to the outside. Next to it was a coal bin and a set of foot operated bellows to fan the fire and get it hot enough to melt the material in the smelting pot, which was suspended above the fire by a steel trunion and pulley set up. This could be operated by special pulling poles with hooks that allowed the artisan to prevent himself from burns while pouring out the molten ore into the molds for the various things he made. An immense anvil on a stand was hanging on a wall near the smelter with an assortment of hammers, tongs, etc. upon it. Needless to say, Gimli's workshop was a well thought-out, efficient, and well-equipped craft-house. Durin was a journeyman metal smith, while Poggin was a master engraver. Elboner was the apprentice and he was just getting back from running across the alley to purchase certain foodstuffs for his Dwarven companions. He was the errand boy, run-and-fetch-it, and target of all the blame when anyone or anything went wrong. Elboner stomped in the back door with a large basket of pickled salamander, some liverwurst sandwiches, and eighteen overripe prunes. He spread the lunch out on the work table, and within a very few minutes of gnashing, slurping, snorting, swishing, and talking through full mouth, the crew was done with their lunch and going back to work. Elboner was left to sweep and wipe up the mess. Especially messy were the newt feet, which nobody eats (they have a bitter taste). "Let's have a look at that crossbow now," said Gimli. Durin removed it from the rack and brought it to one of the worktables. Poggin brought over the crossbow-stringing tool that lessened the tension on the bow-arms, and Gimli grabbed a cable that acted as the string. They had just developed a technique for creating stronger strings by forming thin wire and then weaving it into a cable to be used in their powerful crossbows. The cable was as thick as a pig's tail and very sturdy. The bow itself was about a rod wide when the arms were outstretched and about as long as an elvish longbow arrow. Gimli and his crew were working out the details on the bolts. They were made out of tempered-steel almost as long as an orc's tongue sticks out when you've just thrust your sword into his gut to the hilt. They had four small fins on them shaped as elongated triangles. Interference with the fletchings was eliminated by a long groove running longitudinally down the length of the bolt. This also created stability for the launch of the bolt. Each bolt was tipped with a sharp point, which was pressed onto the shaft, made of cobalt steel. This was Gimli's trade secret. The bolts weighed a half a pound each. Poggin annulled the string installer tool back to the maximum pressure, and barely pulled the limbs of the bow far enough to get the cable on. The limbs were of ¼" steel and not made to stretch easily. Just then, there was a knock at the door of the shop. "What!" blurted Poggin, his hand slipping on the string installer tool. "OUCH!" he yelled, as the crossbow string slid off one end of the bow and recoiled, neatly shaving a couple of millimeters of tissue off the pad of Poggin's first finger. "There's some fairly clean rags in one of the boxes over by the main slag heap," Gimli called helpfully as he strode to the door. "Ooh, I hope this is those oliphaunt hide swatches from Phaenner the Tanner." But when Gimli pulled the door open, it was not Phaenner's dye-and-caustic-mottled visage which greeted him, but a smallish man in a slightly dusty black tunic with silver epaulets. He had thin lips, mousy-brown hair, nearly non-existent eyebrows, was holding a couple of books under one arm, and was holding out an official-looking document with the other. Gimli noticed the man had trimmed, almost grimeless fingernails. Along with the tunic that was only slightly dusty, the man was about eight shades cleaner than anyone in Gimli's shop, or anyone in the surrounding neighborhood, for that matter. "Good morning. You are Gimli Gloinson, of Dwarfsmith Weapons? I am Inspector Schnüpfen of the Waters, Air and Soils Protection Administration," said the visitor. Gimli thought the man's voice was rather high, and wondered momentarily if perhaps his pants were hurting him. "I'm here for the inspection of your facility that we contacted you about last week. This is my Form 453, Notice of and Warrant for Inspection." This last point was emphasized with a single shake of the official-looking document. "Er, what? Dwarfsmith Weapons? I don't remember being contacted about an inspection," Gimli stammered. "Parcel Post First Class, Sir. The notification went out a week ago Monday," replied the inspector. "I would like to look at your furnace first." "Oh, well, Durin and I built this ourselves," Gimli stated, somewhat proudly, as he turned back into the shop. "With a good charge of Misty Mountains coal, and Poggin over there trompin' on the bellows, we can get this Bad Boy hot enough to melt platinum." "Misty Mountains coal, you say? Hmm…" Schnüpfen mused. "I am afraid that type tends to have a rather high sulfur content. What kind of scrubbing unit do you have on the exhaust system?" "Exhaust system?" Gimli repeated, puzzled. Durin wandered over, attempting to clear some persistent phlegm out of his throat. "I think maybe this fella means the chimney, Gimli. Haaaaaawchhk." This last effort was more productive, and Durin skillfully expectorated an impressive, glistening mass out through the open window. "The chimney?" Gimli continued the thought. "Yes, we decided to put in a chimney, rather than just letting the smoke go up through a hole in the roof. It sorta' seemed like the smart thing to do, what with how thick the smoke can get inside and sometimes rain coming through the hole and all." "I seen little birds get in, too," offered Elboner, nodding seriously. Schnüpfen paused, then pulled a small inkbottle and quill out of a pouch at his side and began scribbling into one of his books. "This is not really quite consistent with the Regulations of the Realm. Exhaust systems for coal-fired furnaces are to be equipped with a scrubber system. For your application and fuel, you may need two in series, one with sodium hydroxide for acid gasses, and a second one for the particulate matter." The smallish inspector paused for air, then forged ahead. "Of course, you will need to certify the suitability of your scrubbing system, based on your fuel types, operational temperature ranges, oxygen supply rates, gas and solution flow rates through the scrubber stacks, etcetera, and submit the figures to us. You can perform your own calculations, or use one of our standard spreadsheets which we can supply." Gimli, Durin and Poggin stared blankly at the government official and at each other. The silence was broken only by the scritch-scratching of the inspector's quill and Elboner's fingernails as he strove to eradicate some of the denizens of his scalp. Finally, Poggin ventured, "I don't think he likes our smoky chimney?" Schnüpfen arched one eyebrow and nodded, slowly. "Now, do you store any strong acids or chlorinated solvents on-site?" the inspector continued. "Um, I use a little bit of Acide Hydrochlorique for some of my metal etching," replied Poggin, looking at Gimli. Gimli shrugged, and Poggin continued, "We keep it over there in that fired clay urn. We painted the big red X's on it after Durin woke up from a nap one evening and thought it was a chamber pot." Durin involuntarily clenched several muscle groups as he recalled the experience. The inspector gazed at the pot briefly, then turned back to Poggin and the other dwarves. "Well, there is probably an issue with not having a dike system to contain leaks, but you appear to be below the threshold volume for having to comply with the Risk Management Plan regulations. If you store more than four Standard Beer Barrels volume of concentrated HCl at one site, then you will need to file and maintain an evacuation plan with the nearby municipalities and us. Prevailing wind conditions, evacuation routes, etcetera, in the event of a major spill." "Um, well, we'll be extra sure not to have four barrels of acid sitting around," replied Gimli, as he mentally drew some big, black X's through some of his expansion plans. "Uh, Mr. Inspector Sir?" he asked, stepping closer. "Are you from over in Minas