Forever The rare March sun shone in the bright sky above Forks High. Two seniors, Bella Swan and Jacob Black were the talk of the town, she being engaged to Jacob for almost a year waiting for the school year to end so they can be married. They strode down the hallways, hand in hand, to their first period, Calculus, putting a ponytail on her long, mahogany brown hair. "Happy Friday," Bella said to herself. They entered the classroom, waiting for all twenty students to start the normal routine; staring at the perfect couple with jealousy and lust in their eyes, but it never came. Bella turned to Jacob, "Why the change in their routines?" she whispered, not wanting the others to hear. She took another glance around the room, this time noticing that everyone was not staring at her, but a new, unfamiliar face at the front talking to the teacher, Mrs. Barter. His hair was brown and untamed, a bird nest in some people's minds and a haystack in other's. The new student felt as if someone was staring a hole in his head and turned to see who it was. Bella and the new student both inaudibly gasped at the sight of each other's eyes. His eyes were a deep chocolate brown piercing into Bella's emerald green eyes. Jacob wrapped his arm around his fiance's waist and led her to her seat, just noticing that nobody was staring at them. "Hey babe," he asked her in a whisper, "why aren't they ogling at us as usual?" Bella turned to her fiance, furious at him for not paying attention to her. "Were you even listening?" she asked raising her voice from a whisper to the verge of speaking where everyone can hear her every word. 'Why do I love this moron,' she thought. "Or were you too busy staring at other girls?" She faced the front of the classroom, noting the two gossip queens, Jesse Lee and Rosalind Strong, attempting to eavesdrop on the fighting couple for a shot at a colossal topic for gossip. Jacob was furious at the new student for causing the fight between him and Bella, glaring at the front as he started toward his assigned seat. Soon, Mrs. Barter turned to the class and asked the new student to introduce himself to the class. "Hello, my name is Edward Masen. I lived in Australia 7 years ago, but I came from Canada to Forks because my mother wanted to live in a smaller town. Hope this is a fun Senior year, eh?" he ended, joking at the end, his musical voice ringing in the room. All the females, even Bella, were taking a better look at the student, who was now known as Edward. Bella observed his pale skin and his designer clothes. Obviously he's rich, she thought. Mrs. Barter asked Edward to sit next to Bella. Edward walked down the aisle to the back of the room, with everyone turning to watch Bella's reaction, disappointed when she did not seem to notice Edward next to her. When everyone faced the front of the room, deeply absorbed in the day's lesson, Bella turned to Edward. "Hey," she started, "Sorry that it seemed like I didn't notice you. The gossip is too much for a small town like Forks." She studied his face, identifying numerous emotions, the main being understanding. "So, anyway, do you have a nickname?" she asked. Edward shook his head, not wanting to tell anyone his embarrassing nickname. Only to close family and friends, he thought. Reasonable excuses for not having a nickname for a large name flew throughout his brain. "Umm… my mom she um… didn't see the um… reason of giving nicknames to a 'beautiful' name" he lied, putting air quotes over beautiful. Bella saw through the lie, though, but let the subject drop anyway. The bell rang, signaling the end of 1st period. Jacob went to Bella's desk dreading the no PDA rule at school. "Hey, ready for Spanish?" he asked, snaking his arm around Bella's waist despite the rules. At lunch, Edward left his 4th period, Italian, early because he could speak the language more fluently than English, having lived in the Tuscany area of Italy near Volterra since he was 5. As he was walking down the halls to the cafeteria, the gossip queen, Jesse Lee, approached him with a flirtatious smile. "Hey babe," she started, "wanna go out with me?" She began to inch closer, almost touching him. Edward stepped back and put up his hands to stop her from moving closer. He decided to speak what was on his brain. "Disgustoso scemo, non parlo Inglese." he said in Italian, meaning 'disgusting idiot, I don't speak English.' As soon as he said that, he started for the cafeteria again, not wanting to talk to her and leaving a confused Jesse behind. He walked through the double doors entering the cafeteria, realizing that the whole place has quieted and watched him go to the lunch line. He picked up a tray and loaded it with raw broccoli, carrots, apples, and a vegetarian pizza because he was vegetarian. He went up to the cashier and paid for his food, seeing the surprised expression on the cashier's face. He took his tray and studied the room. Bella was seated at a table located at the Southeast corner of the cafeteria with her fiance. Was it Jake? he asked himself. No, it was something like Lake. oh yeah, he thought, shifting slightly in happiness when he remembered the name of Bella's fiance. His name was Jacob! I'm happy I remember at least two people's names. He began to glance around the rest of the room. Everyone were in their own groups. The football players and the cheerleaders were grouped up across the room from him, the "geeky nerd group," as most of the school population calls it, was at the round table at the eastern side, across the lunch line. The biggest group that was in the cafeteria was the gossipers. He walked over to the only empty table left in the cafeteria, which was within close enough to hear the gossip going around about him. Jesse Lee telling the group about what happened with her and Edward. He tensed when he heard his name spoken in the group, it being within hearing distance, and decided to eavesdrop as he was eating. "Like, he's totally playing hard to get, you know?" she started, watching as all the girls in her group nodding in agreement. Edward gagged hearing this. "All we have to do is catch his attention and show him how amazingly" ugly , Edward added in his mind and stopped listening after getting the idea of the girls' plan. As he finished his carrots, the bell rang throughout the school. Edward stood up and grabbed his bag, getting ready for his next class, Engineering. As he walked through the door, he spotted BBella Swan sitting at the only empty lab table. A man with slightly wrinkled skin and gray hair that seemed to be around 55 years old walked up to Edward."Hello, I am Mr. Warner, I will be your engineering teacher for the rest of the school year." he said. "Please sit down next to Ms. Yang over there." he gestured over to Bella at the empty lab table. As Edward went to his table and sat down, Mr. Warner introduced him. "Class, this is Edward Masen. Edward, do you have anything you would like to share about yourself?" he asked Edward. Edward stood up. "My name is Edward Masen. I lived in Canada for the past year with my uncle, but I lived with my mom in Italy and Australia since I was 5." He sat back down as he was done with the introduction. Mr. Warner carried out with the lesson about electricity. He looked at Bella, who was decorating her notes while the teacher gave instructions on programming a motherboard. Later that night, Bella went to her bedroom in her and Jacob's house. "Hello? Babe?" she asked as she headed towards her room. "Maybe he got held up at work." She mused quietly and shrugged and went to sleep in her bed. She awoke to a dark night and numerous sirens from outside. As she stood to observe what was happening, she collided with Jacob, holding two bags and the car keys. "Jacob!" she cried, searching him for any reasons he would be leaving in such short notice. "I've been looking everywhere for you? Where are you going?" she asked, eyeing his bags. "Oh, um, you see, Dad is in the hospital down in Florida so I was going there tonight. He is in the critical unit." Jacob lied smoothly. As he heard the sirens, he began to move towards the back exit. "Hey Babe," he said, "I need to get to Dad now. Bye." He dropped his bag and gave Bella a quick hug as Bella studied his bags again, not buying his lie. Jacob let go of her and it all clicked. Bella moved around Jacob, pretending to be sad, toward the front door where the police sirens were near. As she neared the front door, Bella turned to see Jacob's alarmed expression. Not wanting to higher his suspicions, she told a reasonable explanation for why she was heading that way. "Oh," she began. "I believe that I might have left something out there when I came in." She turned back to the front door, to where the sirens were getting closer. As she took a deep breath, she grabbed the umbrella from the coat rack and swung it hard at the back of Jacob's head, knocking him out. After tying him up, Bella opened the door, revealing Carlo Web, a 20-year-old police officer and her best friend, about to knock. "Hello Carlo, if you have forgotten, I am Bella Swan, Jacob Black's fiance." Bella explained at the officer's still form. "He was preparing to run when I saw the two bags he had." She paused to make sure Carlo was out of his shocked stance. As Carlo began to regain his posture, Bella continued. "When he dropped the two bags, a bundle of 100 dollar bills fell out. At first, I thought that he earned it from his work at the garage, but I remembered about the sirens nearby. I made a move to the umbrella," she said, motioning her hand towards the umbrella on the living room floor, "and knocked him out," she said, sighing. She moved inside, inviting the cops that had appeared behind Carlo inside. As they looked around the small house, they spotted Jacob Black tied to a chair in the dining area and raised an eyebrow to Bella while she just shrugged. Carlo looked at Bella. "I'm sorry that this happened to you. But, thank you though, for helping us catch the bank robber." he said, pointing to Jacob and then to the two bags of money. "The bank called us during the robbery saying that the robber took about 10 million dollars in cash. How he managed to carry that, I don't know." he chuckled a humorless laugh. Bella just nodded throughout the talk, not really paying attention to Carlo. She thought of her relationship with Jacob. What do I do now, she asked herself. As Carlo and his team handcuffed Jacob, Bella went to the bags of money and picked it up. She cringed at the thought of Jacob robbing a bank. Seeing her discomfort, Carlo walked to her and took the bags. "We'll be going now. Oh and when you were busy with your thoughts, your sister called." Since Bella moved to Forks 3 years ago, she had forgotten her older sister, Jane, who lives in Jacksonville, Florida. "Huh?" she asked, puzzled because she was not listening until he mentioned Jane. "Jane called?" Carlo nodded. "What did she say?" Bella asked, worried about