As I'm getting tired of the crap from some reviewers, I thought I'd kick off the next story in this space as a rather AU one, without following the core events of the original story line as I did with Heritage. The world it's set in will be that of Heritage and Origin rather than Harry Potter per se. I'll be using some of the extra characters I created for Heritage, as well as going with Charlus as Harry's grandfather. As people seem to need this for some reason, Dumbledore's evil and Molly and Ron Weasley are disgusting in this story, and I expect any story that I'll write in this space. NB: Yes, I'll be finishing Heritage, just spinning off the next story here because I'm getting tired of some reviewers' comments. Usual disclaimers, no rights to any characters portrayed and this is n ot the real world , nor is it a Disney Princess tale. James felt something was wrong just before the front door of the cottage blasted in and Voldemort floated into the cottage. He lost his arm to a blasting spell as he was reaching for his wand, and then Voldemort took the time to enjoy killing him painfully before he floated up the stairs to deal with the child. The woman aggravated him when she refused to stand aside and let him deal with the child. She actually had the gall to fight him, and put up a good fight at that. When she managed to get a curse past his shields and mark him though, Voldemort forgot all about the assurances he had given his best potions master that he would spare her and struck her down with the killing curse. As she fell, he remembered what he'd promised, but by then it was too late. Severus would understand though, he'd seen the consequences of people defying his master before. With that thought, he moved to the crib and looked down at the infant. It was disturbing to look into eyes that were smaller copies the woman he had just killed's, and the defiance in them was even more so, it was as if the infant knew that his parents had been killed and was challenging him to finish the job. Voldemort gave a malicious smile as he raised his wand, thinking that if that was what the infant wanted, he would grant him his wish. His death would ensure the immortality of the great Lord Voldemort and no-one defied Lord Voldemort and lived! When he cast the killing curse to destroy the infant though, Voldemort only had a moment to realise that something was wrong as it rebounded on him and then he was screaming in agony, as his very flesh and bones were burning and turning to ash. A few minutes later, a hesitant voice was heard calling from downstairs. "Master? Master, what has happened?" When there was no response, a pudgy little rat faced man fearfully crept up the stairs a few minutes after that, calling out "Master? Master, where are you?" The rat faced man peeked into the doorway of the nursery and gasped when he saw the pile of robes and ash with his master's wand on the floor beside the crib. When he saw Lily dead on the floor, he grew bolder and entered the room, because he knew that it had only been James, Lily and the brat in the house. (He smirked to himself as he thought that they couldn't stop him calling him that now!) He raised his wand to finish the brat off but hesitated, his master had come here to kill him and eliminate the threat of the prophecy, but now his master was gone, what if it was trying to curse the child that had done that? That thought made him fearfully lower his wand. Faced with the proof that his master was dead, he gave up, quickly pocketing his master's wand and whatever he could find in the pockets of his robes. He also went through Lily's robes, more for a chance to grope a woman's body without being struck for it than anything else, and then quickly went through the cottage to grab anything he could find of value. He was still doing this when he heard the loud 'crack' of someone apparating in outside. Without waiting to check who it was, he quickly transformed into his rat animagus form and hid, scampering out the door after Sirius ran in and fell to his knees at the sight of his cousin's dismembered corpse. Sirius knelt in front of James' remains in shock for almost a minute before he remembered Lily and Harry and leapt to his feet, racing up the stairs. When he entered the nursery he fell to his knees again, searching in vain for any sign of life in the woman who had been like a sister to him. He gave up after a minute and climbed unsteadily to his feet, hesitantly moving to the crib as he was dreading what he would find there, but as he appeared above the crib, an upset Harry reached out to him fretfully and he swept him up into his arms, thankful and amazed that the protective charms that Lily had crafted and she and James had cast over him had obviously worked. There was no question that Harry had been struck by a nasty curse, as he had a burn mark on his forehead, but he seemed to be fine. At that moment, Sirius realised that it wasn't safe to stay there, because he didn't know who else might be coming, so he quickly swaddled Harry up in the baby sling that Lily used to carry him around and headed for the door before stopping and going back to quickly grab Lily's notes and journals in an attempt to ensure that no-one could find a way to circumvent the protections that she and James had placed over their son. He'd only just gotten outside and started the bike when Hagrid came lumbering up. Hagrid was insisting that he had to take the infant because Professor Dumbledore told him that he had to go to his mother's sister. When he came forward to try and take Harry off him though, he suddenly stopped, because Sirius had his wand out and his expression said that he'd kill anyone who tried to take him. Sirius gritted out. "He's my godson and he's my responsibility now! James and Lily made me promise to look after him if anything ever happened to them and I won't let anyone get in the way of that! Get out of my way Hagrid, I don't want to hurt you but I will if you try to interfere with my godson!" Hagrid put his hands up and stepped back with tears in his eyes. "Wha' can I do?" Sirius sniffed back tears. "Can you make sure that James and Lily's bodies are safe until someone comes to take them for a proper burial? They're just in there and there's no front door any more." Hagrid nodded, still crying. "I kin do tha'. You, you take care of the little nipper now!" Sirius tried to smile through his tears as he nodded. "Oh I'll do that alright! Thanks Hagrid, now I better get going before anyone else turns up." With that he tucked his wand away, checked that Harry was secure and opened up the bike, within a hundred yards it had lifted off the ground and he was flying away south, the disillusion and silencing charms making it disappear as soon as it was in the air. An hour later he was landing on the drive of a stately manor in southern England and riding up to the front steps. By the time he'd shut down the bike and climbed off, the front doors had been thrown open and two women were hurrying out, Alice and Augusta Longbottom, or the Countess and Dowager Countess Longbottom in society circles. Sirius was in tears as he tried to tell them that James and Lily were gone. Alice took Harry off of him to check that he was OK, frowning when she saw the burn mark from the curse on his forehead, but not saying anything as they hustled Sirius inside. After a calming draft and a fair bit of firewhiskey, Sirius managed to get the story out, telling them how he'd suddenly had a feeling that something was terribly wrong and what he'd found when he reached the cottage. Eventually, secure in the knowledge that Harry was safe with the Longbottoms, Sirius allowed himself to pass out to escape the anguish of thinking about James and Lily's deaths over and over again. By the next morning, they knew that something was seriously amiss, because the front page of the Daily Prophet was proclaiming that Sirius, as the secret keeper for the Potter's cottage, was wanted for betraying the Potters to their deaths at the hands of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named and kidnapping Harry Potter (the only one who ever survived being struck with a killing curse, and what's more, who destroyed He-Who-Must Not-Be-Named when he tried to use the killing curse on him). It also said that Sirius was also wanted for the murder of Peter Pettigrew and over a dozen Muggles in a confrontation in a Muggle village, describing how all that had been found of Pettigrew was a finger and his wand. They couldn't work out how anyone could have gotten these details, because quite aside from the fact that Sirius was innocent of everything he was charged with, to have this much detail someone would have had to be there! Frank Longbottom (Alice's husband and Augusta's son) narrowed his eyes at that. "Or have been monitoring everything that was going on in the cottage!" Frank was an Auror, and a damned good one, and he'd quickly narrowed the possibilities down to the only thing that made any sense. "Who was in charge of the security of the cottage?" Sirius looked at him, bemused, as he hadn't really gotten over the binge he had the day before as he attempted to drown out the sight of James and Lily's bodies. "Um, Dumbledore I think, he convinced James and Lily that everyone would know to look for them at Potter Manor and sooner or later someone would tell where they were. He talked them into moving into the cottage in Godric's Hollow and he set up the wards and the fidelius charm. His argument to use Peter instead of me for the secret keeper made sense, because I was too obvious, but James and Lily had to fight with him to give me the secret after that." Frank exchanged looks with Angela Fawley, his regular partner since Alice had gone off duty to have their son Neville. Angela was Harry's Godmother, as well as having been Lily's best friend and being courted by Sirius, so Alice had no problem with her husband spending so much of his time with her, even if she was a beauty. The pair instantly agreed that someone had to check out the cottage as soon as possible, and who better than two respected Aurors who had been given the secret for the cottage? They took some Longbottom elves with them to collect James and Lily's bodies for burial. As soon as they got there, they went in disillusioned to cast detection spells and reveal what spells were active or had been recently removed, and they found several active spying and listening devices around the house, including in Harry's nursery, so they knew how the details had been obtained for the paper. James and Lily's bodies were gone though, and they had trouble keeping their anger under control until they left and came back, loud and visible so that they could make noise about the fact that their friends' bodies were missing. Frank and Angela had of course