Nothing Wears You Out Like Caring Harry Potter. Harrison James Potter, child of Lily Potter nee Evans and James Potter. Green eyes, black unruly hair, lightning bolt scar across his forehead. Everyone knew about Harry Potter. How he lived, how he grew up, who he was and what he'd done for the magical world. Except. Except that wasn't true. Everyone knew about Daniel Charlus Potter. Everyone knew about his red hair, brown eyes, odd scar across his forehead in the vaguest shape of a lightning bolt. If you squinted. They knew about his parents, the lucky to be alive Lily Potter nee Evans, James Potter. They knew who he was, what he did for the magical world, how he lived and how he grew up. Of course they would, Daniel was the Boy Who Lived. Daniel was the one who strutted around Diagon Alley, giving smug smirks and shaking hands while his parents catered to his every whim. No one knew Daniel had a younger brother, a younger twin. No one knew he and Harry were attacked at the same time, that Voldemort sought to destroy them both in the hopes it would cancel out the prophecy foretold his demise. No one knew that both boys were attacked, that both boys wound up with a scar. Not even Lily and James knew, they assumed. Assumed that Daniel's new scar was special because it was bleeding when they woke up and found him, whereas Harry's was faint, almost invisible. Assumed the vague shape of a lightning bolt meant Daniel's scar was something important. Of course, they're assumptions were mirrored by their close friend and mentor, Albus Dumbledore, so they assumed they were right. Albus Dumbledore was never wrong after all. However, regardless of all that, no one really knew what happened that night, as everyone who might have seen it had been knocked unconscious. Oh they were injured, but it seemed Voldemort wanted to gloat about killing the children before killing the adults. Only the young twins knew what really happened, and of course it was silly to think that one year olds had any way of telling their story. Certainly when Daniel was asked all he could remember was a green light. So assumptions were made, and suggestions were listened to, and it all led to one twin being sent away, while the other was spoiled rotten and treated as a celebrity by his adoring fans. As for Harry, he wound up going to Lily's sister Petunia. And her husband Vernon. They, alongside their son Dudley, made it quite clear over the next nine or so years that they held no love for magic, or the Potters, or Harry. At first Harry tried to make a good impression, tried to be a good boy and not get in the way, to do as he was told and make his relatives happy. Tried to make sense of why he'd been sent away while his brother got to stay with their parents. But eventually he realised no matter what he did it would never be enough. Vernon would beat him, Petunia would scream at him, and Dudley would bully him. He would be crammed into his tiny cupboard, left to rot, it didn't matter what he did. So eventually, he just stopped caring. What did it matter how well or how badly he did in school? What did it matter if he was polite or a brat? What did it matter if the ones he once called parents ever came back for him? What was the point in caring what others thought? But just because he didn't care, didn't mean Harry forgot. Oh no. Harry remembered everything, from the moment Voldemort barged into his and Daniel's shared nursery, to the moment he was dumped on the Dursley's doorstep with nothing but a note and a blanket. But, regardless of whether he remembered or not, ten, almost eleven year old Harry, at this point, didn't even care if he lived or died. If he was knocked down the next day, then that was that. He had no friends, no belongings, no life of his own. He was asked once, when a spokesperson from some company came to the school, what he wanted to be when he was older. He'd already heard most of the children in his class state the usual answers. A fireman, a policeman, a nurse. A big rich businessman. So when it was his turn, his reply startled the man. To be away from the Dursleys, to be able to simply live out the rest of his days in peace, however long that was. He had no dreams, no hopes. Why would he, they'd been crushed by selfish parents and abusive relatives. He just wanted to be alone. The man had stammered out something about being a nice stable dream, before turning to someone else. Harry didn't care. And now, as he looked at his Hogwarts letter, the one every eleven year old witch or wizard is so desperate to see, he found he couldn't even bring himself to care about that. He already knew he was a wizard, knew his occasional burst of freakiness was accidental magic, but really, what could magic people do that non magic couldn't? He'd go to this school, learn some tricks, graduate and then what? Find a job, buy a home, do pretty much what he was going to do anyway. Did it even matter? OOO As it turned out, his choice was already made. That very afternoon, after Vernon had left for work and Dudley to terrorise the neighbourhood, there came a knock upon the Dursley's door. Petunia opened it, and wished she hadn't. 'You!' Lily rolled her eyes as she and her husband pushed past the woman. 'We're here for the kid' James stated. Petunia just glared at the man. The nerve of them! Dumping the brat on her doorstop and leaving him here all those years just to take him back now. Oh Harry may not have celebrated any birthdays, but she knew what age he was, and what being eleven meant for those with freakish powers. 'You have a lot of nerve! Dumping that boy here without even a token of assistance for forcing us to take in another mouth to feed. And don't think you can push me off with some excuse as to why you couldn't help! I know you have the money to do so. And now you want him back'. She huffed out a laugh. 'Not that I care, parade him around all you want. Just understand this. If you take him, you won't be bringing him back. Vernon and I debated for hours about whether or not we should put him in an orphanage, we won't hesitate to do so if he comes back here!' James would not stand being talked to like that by some muggle, and drew his wand. Lily grabbed his arm, but glared at her sister all the same. 'We gave you a letter stating why we brought him to you'. Petunia laughed. 'Letter! You mean the one that all but stated that you favoured one child over the other and wanted rid of the weak one? If you wanted him gone so badly I don't understand why you had to unload him onto me. Surely you people have your own orphanages? Or where you afraid of the stain on your precious reputation for getting rid of a child?' James growled, but his wife's hand on his arm stopped him hexing the vile woman. 'You are just lucky my Vernon and Dudley aren't here' Petunia continued, then turned and headed down the hall, pausing to pound the little door under the stairs a few times. 'Out! Your parents are here for you boy! Don't bother taking anything, none of it's yours anyway!' Then without another word she went into the kitchen, slamming the door behind her. James muttered under his breath, then turned to Lily as the cupboard door slowly opened. Neither seemed all that surprised or shocked that their youngest son had been under there in the first place. 'Why did we have to come here? Couldn't he have done all this himself?' 'Albus said we needed to pick him up. He doesn't know a thing about magic, how could he get to Hogwarts?' Lily replied. 'If he didn't know how then he could have stayed put' James sighed, frowning when a head of black hair peeked out. 'Well! Come on, we don't have all day!' he snapped. Harry frowned, but pulled himself out the cramped space, closing the door softly behind him. He had idly listened in to the conversation, not really caring that his parents didn't seem to like him. The feeling was mutual after all. When Petunia rattled on his door he'd quickly tossed his mattress to the side, lifting a loose floorboard and pulling out a small purse full of notes. He'd been saving money ever since he was old enough to do so, carefully hiding any loose change found outside, or the occasional note he was able to successfully steal from Vernon or Petunia. He had managed to convince the coloured man who owned the corner shop down the street to exchange the loose cash for notes. It wasn't much, but over the years every little penny upwards had been saved to give him around two hundred and thirty pounds. Unlikely to be enough for his trip to Diagon Alley, and Harry knew his parents were unlikely to give him much towards his school supplies. He would have to go second hand, but that was ok. Harry was used to having second hand everything. He forced his bruised and aching body down the hall and followed his oblivious parents outside, where his father grabbed him roughly on a freshly bruised arm and apparated him away. They landed in the lavish hallway of Potter Manor, and Harry fought the urge to dry heave. After recovering he looked around. He could remember it clearly, despite not seeing it for years. The theme of the year was Gryffindor, his parent's old Hogwarts house, and everywhere he looked there was red and gold. It clashed horribly, and was almost blinding. Ornaments and decoration boasted of the Potter wealth, with crystal chandeliers everywhere, and portraits lining almost every room. Harry thought it was tasteless and overdone. He personally favoured simplicity, and often wondered how the Dursley household would look like without the tacky pictures and ornaments. His thoughts regarding this place were mirrored, and grudgingly he followed his parents who had left through one of the doors the moment they landed. Oh joy. Inside were his brother, and two men he recognised as Sirius Black and Remus Lupin. None of them were paying any attention to him, too busy all but smothering Daniel who had taken a temper tantrum the moment he'd clocked his parent's return. Harry could only guess the reason, and already concluded that his precious brother had grown up to be a pampered brat, with all four adults in his life spoiling and catering to his every need. Harry sighed, turning and leaving the family to their reunion. He might as well find somewhere to sleep, preferably as far away from the others as possible. After that, well since he was back in the magical world, he had a lot of catching up to do. The portraits stared at him as he took the stairs to the very top floor. He remembered where his parents slept, and guessed his brother's room was close by them. Traditionally the owners of the manor took up the top floor, but in this case Lily and James simply couldn't be bothered walking up all those stairs, and had taken over the third floor as their own, with Daniel's bedroom on the floor below Harry discovered. Logically, that means Sirius and Remus were down there as well, leaving the fourth and fifth