The Meaning Of Life Is Sarcasm Harry sat in the furthest compartment of the train he could find empty, idly gazing out the window and contemplating what he'd learned. Quite simply, this wizarding world was full of fools, and judging by the kids he'd already met, the fools were passing on their genes quite nicely. It didn't really bother Harry, after all he'd lived with fools most of his life. OOO Very early on in life, he'd learned to be prepared. It was pretty much his motto now. Whenever he learned something new, he learned it properly. No half arsed methods. He could cook to perfection; do the gardening and the chores perfectly. Only a couple of times, when he was young, did he make mistakes. He paid for them dearly. At school for example, when he first arrived he naively thought here was a place he could make some friends and actually be praised for doing good. Petunia took a screeching fit when he came home with full marks on a test. Not so much that he had full marks, but that he had more marks than her precious Duddykins. When Vernon heard about it… Harry still had the scars. Harry hadn't been prepared. He'd been foolish, thinking all would be fine when he came back all smiles and hope. The next day at school, Dudley chased off any potential friends, and that was that. A dream crushed. So Harry was prepared. And this new situation was no different. Hagrid was a nice enough man, err giant, err half man half giant, what the heck was he?! Anyway he was nice enough, bashing in doors and threatening Vernon aside, but Harry felt the man really wasn't the best person to tell him about this new world. So Harry did what he usually did, he learned. In Gringotts he got some information from the Goblins, such things as conversion rates; what else Gringotts could do for the average witch or wizard; did Harry have any other vaults; did he have any assets besides money; did his parents leave a will. Normal things one usually asks in regards to their finances. The answers were rather depressing. Five pound to a galleon, twenty nine pence to a sickle, and a penny to a knut. Seventeen sickles in a galleon twenty nine knuts in a sickle. Gringotts dealt only with money, whatever assets the witch or wizard put in their vault was of no concern to the goblins. They did however do "other" things, for a fee. Harry didn't really want to ask, but because he was curious as hell he did he anyway. Thankfully the goblin meant that, provided they got paid, the goblins could pretty much do anything a witch or wizard asked. Want to buy a house, pay the goblins they will find or even build a mansion. Wand certain potions ingredients for some illegal potion, pay the goblins they will make it for you. Want someone "out of the way" pay the goblins and body bits would wind up on the black market in Knockturn, at least the bits the goblins won't eat. Yuck. Yeah, so essentially they only dealt in money, but once they got that money they dealt in pretty much everything else. Ask the right questions, get the right answers. Harry did not have any other vaults. He had a grand total of one destroyed cottage, a couple of bits and pieces of no real value currently hidden at the back of the vault, and an invisibility cloak which was lost to the world. Bugger! And if his parents did leave a will they did not leave it at Gringotts. Fair enough, he supposed. It wasn't all bad, the money he did have added up to around two hundred and fifty thousand galleons. Two hundred and fifty thou…*insert pleasurable sigh* What kid wouldn't goggle at that kind of money?! Boy did that not make the eleven year old's head spin. He clearly had enough to graduate Hogwarts and live fairly comfortably, oh who was he kidding extremely comfortably for a few years afterwards. After gathering around two hundred galleons, a handful of sickles and knuts, and about a hundred galleons to be converted into muggle money, he was off to buy his school supplies. Hogwarts Robes x 3 14 Galleons 2 Sickles Hogwarts Hat 3 Galleons 7 Sickles Dragon Hide Gloves 3 Galleons 11 Sickles Winter Cloak 8 Galleons 14 Sickles Pewter Cauldron 15 Galleons Crystal Phials 7 Galleons Telescope 5 Galleons Brass Scales 3 Galleons The Standard Book Of Spells Grade 1 1 Galleon A History Of Magic 2 Galleons Magical Theory 2 Galleons A Beginner's Guide To Transfiguration 1 Galleon One Thousand Magical Herbs And Fungi 2 Galleons Magical Drafts And Potions 2 Galleons Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them 2 Galleons The Dark Forces: A Guide To Self Protection 1 Galleon Seventy three galleons, not including his wand and things not on the list like a trunk, school back and writing utensils. And uniforms. Did they expect students to wear whatever underneath their robes, or nothing at all?! That was a horrifying thought. Harry took the lack of stationary listed to mean he could at least buy some cheap black pens. The clothes though. Seriously, the equivalent of seventeen quid for a pointy hat! What the hell was it dripping in gold or something?! Actually, come to think of it, didn't Dudley have one of those in his second room? God knows why Vernon and Petunia hadn't thrown it out, or burnt it yet, considering how much they hated the idea of magic. Oh wait, so that's where that hatred of him came from. Well he would happily take the hat off their hands. Harry had scratched it off his list. The robes proved to be worth the money, as they were charmed in various ways. Warming charms, mild self repairing charms, things like that came as standard. And he really had nothing to base the dragon hide gloves off of, dragon hide, actual dragon hide, awesome, so he didn't bother grumbling about the price of them. The winter cloak was a joke though, it looked exactly the same as the robes, just heavier with a bit of bling. Nearly forty four quid! Basically he was paying for the little silver thing that held the cloak together. Did the cloak need it, no, did he need it, no, did he have to get it? Unfortunately yes, such a thing would be hard to find in the muggle world, so in the pile it went. While he was there he checked out the price of the school uniforms, and while he knew he could get the trousers, shorts and tie cheaper in the muggle world, he added a few blazers to the lot. The whole warming charm was on them as well, so why not. He went to add a hat; scarf and glove set, but changed his mind on the price. Another thing he could get cheaply elsewhere. Seriously what was with all these crazy prices?! Not everything had spells on them! And were spells really that expensive?! With his clothing seen to, some of it anyway, next stop was the potions place, where he asked the guy at the counter what the deal was with the whole glass vs crystal thing. The man assured him that crystal would be better in pretty much every way, though personally Harry thought they were ripping kids off. But he didn't argue, after all potions was different from science in a way, at least he thought it was, so crystal instead of glass must have been done for a reason. The tiny pewter cauldrons sitting amongst the huge gold and silver ones were given a bemused look before one was added to the pile, and there were no real complaints about the scales, they were just typical brass scales, with weights and everything. Bit old fashioned, but whatever. Harry had noticed some kids getting kits and asked about it, eventually being talked into buying one himself. It included a couple of knives and cutting boards, a small bunsen burner and stand, a mortar and pestle, a wooden stirrer and some basic ingredients. Worth the galleons Harry spent on it he felt, though to ensure he had more than enough he picked up some more ingredients as well. He also added a set of timers to his mental shopping list for the muggle side as there seemed to be no way of knowing how long a potion had been bubbling for. What, did they have to count in their heads or something? At Harry's insistence the next stop was a place that did trunks, where he got a fairly standard one with a little extra space inside than out. Wizard space was pretty neat. It cost him twenty five galleons, with a feather light and auto locking charm added included, handy for pesky Dursleys, and he picked up a feather light spelled satchel while he was there, rounding it up to thirty. After dumping his stuff inside, and with Hagrid kindly carrying the trunk for him, they then went to the book shop. The books on the list came to thirteen galleons, and to ensure he was prepared for this new world, he added a few more to the pile. A couple on the general history of the magical world, one on politics which he almost ignored were it not for him witnessing two men acting very much like the snobbish nobles of old. He also noted that the standard book of spells had books from year one to year seven, and after checking with Hagrid he figured he might as well get them now and save time. He did spot a potions book that appeared to go into further detail than the one on his list, so at the last minute that was added too. Next was stationary, and at the shop keeper's insistence Harry bought a whole heap of parchment, and a couple of quills and the smallest bottle of ink they had to keep the man happy. He also bought a nifty penknife, which apparently students were allowed to file down their quills. Lovely, allowing an actual weapon at a school. Wait, did wands count as weapons? As the guy explained, it was traditional to use quills, ink and parchment at Hogwarts, though what a student did outside of class was their own business. Harry could only wonder if it was so traditional when why weren't they on the damn list. He was still going to buy the pens, and plenty of notebooks. If the teachers complained, well to hell with them. He'd turn in homework on parchment, him taking notes on paper with pen was doing no harm. And so finally, he went to get his wand. He left about an hour later with a seven galleon holly and phoenix feather combination, a holster and polishing kit, and an odd sense of awe. Not so much the story about his wand being nearly the same as his parent's murderer, that was ominous, but at Ollivander and his spooky behaviour. Harry really needed to learn how to stare at people like that, it was brilliantly creepy. While he was trying wands, Hagrid had apparently decided little Harry needed a companion, and so Harry was presented with a cage holding a, he had to admit, gorgeous looking snowy owl. She sooo did not fit his style though, plus the whole thing with the Dursleys trying to kill her if they ever saw her, that was until she all but attacked him the moment he opened the cage. After showing her appreciation for being let out, Hagrid's words not Harry's, she perched herself on his shoulder, digging her claws in a bit and giving him the evil eye, but otherwise keeping to herself. It was the first laugh Harry had had in ages, even if