Disclaimer: I do not own anything belonging to Suzanne Collins. Chapter One: The Gag of the District Let's get one thing straight. If anyone didn't fit in to the strong and powerful district in Panem known as District Two, then it was most certainly me. "Hey Savera, watch this!" One of my peers would yell as we stood in the training arena, built especially for teenagers like us, who would one day be prepared to fight in the grand event called the Hunger Games. However, this was not a friendly gesture for as soon as I turned my head, I would see a spear flying at my face. Luckily, I had this trick pulled on me one too many times. I would jump out of the way, but not before letting out an obscenity and nearly tripping over my own feet, caught off guard. Normally, I could react more efficiently than that, but every time they could catch me off guard…they gladly took advantage of. A chorus of laughter would explode from my fellow students as I tried to catch my breath before I became their living target once again. Technically, our head trainer, Zenobia Ivory, should have prevented against such actions, but obviously she had her favorites, as well. Though, she would yell something meaningless with her booming voice. "Behave!" Echoed from her lips. Her voice matched her body type: large and intimidating. Yeah. As I said before, I did not belong there. I was most happy on days that I was not at the training academy. In fact, I enjoyed school more than I did the training. However, the issue was that I was required to spend so many hours at the academy every week whether or not I liked it. In my opinion, the training was more important than education to the leaders of District Two …but no one would ever come out and say this. I always excelled more in school. If only I wasn't forced to go to that academy… Mentally, I would argue this out with the leaders of District Two (because I would never dare actually argue with them in real life). In my head, I would tell them how they really wouldn't want me to go into the Hunger Games as tribute anyways…they wouldn't want someone as weak as myself to go in, get myself killed, not to mention eternally embarrassing our District's prestigious Career reputation. Therefore, it was pointless for me to train for something I would more than likely never be entered into. I was always told that I belonged in a different district. As far as brains went, I enjoyed being intellectually challenged. To me, there was nothing better than the brain teasers and puzzles that my father would bring back to me after his days working. Like many other men in our district, he was a Peacekeeper. He, also like many other Peacekeepers, hardly had a say in his drafting into the service. When my family received the letter from the Capitol "requesting" his assistance, we knew that our life was going to change drastically. Perhaps, it was our own personal blessing because not only was his training set in our home district, but he was assigned to District Two on patrol, meaning he was home much more frequently than the other Peacekeepers. In the end, it turned out to be far less painful than we originally had feared. What I enjoyed most of my father's life in service to the Capitol was that he always had stories from the other men about their home districts or from new Peacekeepers coming to District Two telling of their crazy stories in other districts of citizens breaking the laws left and right. Though some of the stories are rather violent and disturbing, I suppose it was the cost of breaking the law. Another benefit to having dad in with the Capitol was the access to all sorts of things that he had. Granted, he may not have had the best, but we lived a very comfortable life with more than most (at least from what I heard). He always thought of me when he came back from a shift and made sure to bring something for me. Typically, it was a puzzle of some sort that I would sit on our back porch, my legs dangling off the edge as my pencil sketched furiously at the different codes and patterns there were, just waiting to be solved. Unfortunately, I have very little highlights from my life in District Two. Of course, my family was probably the best part of the district. My mother and father, naturally, but there were also my two older brothers, Titus and Ostro. As if being picked on at the academy just didn't get the job done, Titus and Ostro made sure to double my teasing at home. Now, obviously, their joking truly was in jest and not trying to murder me. They too, for a majority of my teenage years, also attended the academy, but could do little to help me out though they did get themselves in trouble several times when they felt the ones bothering me had overstepped their limits. Deep down, I would like to say that my peers at the academy were not trying to slaughter me when my back was turned, but…the verdict is most definitely still out. Despite the fact that I was a little different. Okay. A lot different. They still viewed my brothers as above average at the academy. In fact, they were probably near the top of Zebonia's list as far as highest potential pupils who were up for being the tribute, in their later teen years. Plenty of times, I was compared to my siblings in the most unfair of ways, not by my parents, but others rather. Titus, was the oldest of us. He was four years older than me while Ostro had two years over me. Titus was what every father would have dreamt of having, in a son. He was built very well and tall. We could always count on Titus to be the protector of the family should anything ever happen to father. Had I not been his sister, I would have been scared to have ever made an enemy of him because of his skill with a sword, but though he was strong; he was rather slow and awfully predictable if one paid enough attention to his movements. Of course, not many people take the time to think this out when the adrenaline of battle kicks in which is probably the reason why he stayed ranked so high in the class at the academy. Ostro, on the other hand, seemed to be a half-and-half mixture of both Titus and myself. He was burly and could give many of the top-ranked students a run for their money. He, like Titus, was more than likely going to be a tribute in the Games before he was past age 18. I always found Ostro to have much more of a sense of humor than Titus did though he used a little more brain-power and logic when fighting. If I ever needed to smile, then Ostro was the person to put one on my face. And then there was me. Little Savera. To say that my parents didn't expect much out of me would have been a lie. Though I may not have been as strong or robust as my brothers, they still wished the best for me. In fact, they went to such lengths to try and explain to those at the academy that I was better suited to be trained in different ways. However, this took the turn for the worst when the lovely Zenobia burned with anger at the thought of this and the screaming from their meeting could have been heard from miles away. I was simply happy that I still had parents after that meeting. Needless to say, my parents had little interest or expectations from that academy concerning me. They simply told me to suffer through it until I was eighteen when I had more freedom. Our family all resembled each other greatly, as well. My older brothers looked similar enough to be twins with chestnut brown hair (the same color as my own) that was a little more shaggy most of the time than my mother would have liked. Ostro was more manageable with his hair and complying with mother's standards, but if there was one thing that Titus didn't like…it was getting his hair cut. Though I always desired long hair, mother settled with at my shoulders for me. I was satisfied with that, but secretly I had always told myself that whenever I moved out of my parents home…I would grow my hair out long. All three of us children have large brown eyes, though Ostro's are closer to hazel, much like my mother's. Mother had eyes similar to his, but I was most built like our mother. She was naturally on the shorter side of the spectrum with her hair, seemingly permanently pinned atop of her head, with a curl spiraling down here and there. Father was quite the opposite, tall and sturdy with his dark hair cut very short in most of my memories with him. Many a time, when my brothers would bother me I would try to sneak my way out of their grip in one way or another. Dad always told me that if I couldn't beat them in strength, beat them in wit. Therefore, with the help of dad, I was able to do the bare minimal in order to turn the events around and stand up for myself since I was receiving no benefit from the academy of death, as I called it. Though I wasn't the most skilled at first, I had plenty of practice at home and at the academy I attempted it several times, causing frustration at times, but not enough to stir too much trouble. One time in particular, I had stolen my brother, Titus's gloves, while we were at home after training and school. Only for a brief amount of time, might I add, for some sort of contraption I had built. All I clearly remember is that I would have returned his gloves in a matter of minutes, but his impatience was overpowering to say the least. "Hey Savera!" He yelled as I sat in the far back piece of our property, tying the rope around the contraption consisting of a couple of bowls, sticks, my brother's gloves, and a jagged rock or two. "What?" I answered half-heartedly, pushing my light brown, somewhat frizzy hair from my face as I tried to concentrate. "You seen my gloves?" He cried and I gulped before exhaling. "I'll give them back shortly," I answered calmly this time, as I finished tying the piece. This was not the answer he was looking for. I heard him let out a groan as he presumably leaned against the support beam of the home several yards behind me. I looked over my shoulder to see him storming toward me, determination set on his gloves tied to my newest invention. There was no way I would let him rip them from me now. "Please, Titus, just let me-" I tried, but he simply picked up his pace. This was my opportunity, as dad always told me to not let him pick on me because of my size. I may have only been a young teen and not much physically when stood up next to my brother, but mentally I was much stronger. I watched his footsteps, one after one as he came sailing toward me. Initially, I knew he would go for under my arms (my weak spot). If I allowed him to get me there, then I would have no chance, but if I could get around that….then I had a chance. Step. Step. Step. He was large and