Oh first ever Frodo/Sam, unfortunatly this is a sad 'un. I am rather proud though, the ending my seem a little bland, but the proudness Oh, the proudness... I'm not really that proud, in honesty. Anyway, enjoy what you can, Only one chapter :) Whats the worst thing I could say? Things are better if I stay So long and goodnight, So long and goodnight. If you know that song (Or rather don't know it) then it is called Helena and I feels like quite the soundtrack. Samwize sighed, gazing hopelessly and the green door of Bag End, he had been stood awhile although his feet were rooted to the ground, never-the-less Sam found it within himself to ease the door open. Part of him expected Frodo to emerge from his study, beaming at him, greeting him kindly; it had been far too many years since his master left Bag End, yet it was hard to let go, particularly now there could be no comfort offered from his loyal wife, Rosie Cotton. Sam often took it upon himself to explore Bag End, tidy the place up a little (Not that it ever really needed it with its lack of residents) when he was missing Frodo or down for whatever reason. After all Sam did love his old masters residence, he felt he always learnt something new when he explored its many corridors. Though he rarely had chance to explore any more than a few of its rooms as Rosie usually came after him; guessing he wasn't feeling his best, did what she could. This didn't annoy Sam in the slightest, he would've loved to have the chance to explore Bag End in one night, but his love for Rosie was almost indescribable, he would not exchange her comfort for the world. Creeping around the corridors as though he was afraid he might wake some sleeping being he finally found Frodo's study, his favorite room in all of Bag End, mostly because it still felt as if it held a part of Frodo. The books and the odd scraps of paper filled with wondrous tales that often brought warmth to Sam's heart. Seating himself on the most comfortable seat in the study, the one usually used by Frodo (and Bilbo when he lived in Bag End), as always it was dragged up to the aged wooden writing desk, still laden on the desk was an Elven book left of the same page Frodo had been reading the night before he left for the Grey Havens, Sam never sought to change it. Propping his elbows on the desk, he buried his face in his hands, remembering the strength he seemed to obtain throughout their journey, odd how it could fade so suddenly with the death of such a sweet soul. Oh, how Sam missed Rosie Cotton, not a thing could come between them yet she was taken so quickly by horrid illness. It had not been long since Rosie passed, only a few weeks; Sam had not had the time to grieve for her properly yet, in the morning he would leave for the Grey Havens to be with Frodo and all those who he missed dearly. Though having many children, Sam would travel alone (despite the elves also traveling who he knew nothing of), the tearful goodbyes would begin the next morning, he had promised to see them again, when they had enjoyed all they could from the Shire. When they were old enough, Sam wouldn't want to take them away so suddenly, Merry and Pippin would take care of all his children for the time, he was extremely grateful for this. This night would be one of the most painful of them all, he had nothing left to do but wait, and remember Rosie. Or… glancing around the room he noticed (quite proudly) that he had read nearly all of Frodo's many books in the years he had been gone, but alas, that meant one less thing to do. He slid the drawers of the desk open, many laden with parchment, quill and calligraphy pens, Sam though there was nothing worth writing. Taking another glance around the spacious room something caught his eye he hadn't noticed before; it usually wouldn't grasp Sam's attention, yet Sam was in a fairly inquisitive mood so he investigated further, the odd shape laid flat on top of the bookshelf. It was; unlike he had predicted, a book, cleverly disguised to blend in with the woodwork of the shelf, intriguing at it was, Sam wondered why would Frodo (or Bilbo for that matter) need to hide a book? Upon opening it, Samwize understood, Frodo Baggins' Journal. Sam knew , this was something Frodo wanted to hide; it was blatantly obvious. Yet he was stuck with the urge to read on. Sam and Frodo hadn't seen each other in almost 14 years, yet their bond was so strong; anyway, this was probably something about the quest. No harm in reading it, so Samwize continued past the first leaf. I must admit, this is not a book focused on the journey, no, I wrote in only one book of the ring and that I plan to give to Sam when I leave. This is something only I would like to read back to myself, though saying that I doubt I would want to read this back. There might be one other soul I could bare possessing this, but it couldn't be in my knowledge, I would only do it with the last ounce of hope there might be something good to come of it. For it is about the one I love, the beautiful hobbit and the love I couldn't escape from. It sounds pathetic and rather cliché reading it back to myself but the love was stronger than I'd ever felt. No… Sam certainly shouldn't be reading this. Sam ran through his memories, any reason he might have to continue, Frodo did leave him and he did leave his possessions to Sam… so, he had a right to be reading this. My story would start at the very beginning of my journey, in fact the day Gandalf arrived to tell me the dangers of the ring, as frightening as it was, part of me was a little excited to be leaving the Shire. To be alone for a while, of course there was no part of me that could wish for those horrors to unfold, I don't think there's any other place I would rather be right now than The Shire. Yet, I was not leaving alone, of course, young Samwize emerged from the bushes and was insistent to be with me throughout this quest. I must admit, part of me was annoyed Sam had been caught eavesdropping outside my window. Though I did care dearly for Sam (friendly like), I wanted to be alone, he wasn't exactly my ideal traveling partner and most of all, I was afraid for him, he seemed to show much strength when he needed to, but I did not want to put him in any danger whatsoever, I did not have the right to. Never the less, he came with me, he was terribly shy at times, that did get a little annoying. A little reluctant to leave his home, which I could not blame him for, poor Sam had never left the Shire. I felt nothing but a mere friendship for him, yet it did blossom one night. We heard the wood elves on their journey to the Grey Havens, via their wondrous chant, and were compelled to watch. I explained to him about the wood elves, he said something that made me feel rather contempt in a pleasant way ' I don't know why, but it makes me sad' Not much, yet a rather sweet line that made me feel there was so much more to this gardener. Sam remembered this night clearly, it was a warm night with a slight breeze and he was happy to be outside for once. Hearing the wood elves enchanting melody brought a smile to his lips and a slight twinge of pain to his heart. He noticed something in Frodo's eye then, maybe understanding he wasn't sure. What a wonderful night. Not a few days later we bumped into Merry and Pippin, who were up to there usual mischief and the four of us headed for the Inn of the Prancing Pony. One thing leads to another and we ended up heading for Rivendell with the man 'named' strider. Of course there was the brutal 'act' that left me quite unable to do anything, though he might not know as I'm quite sure I couldn't shown it while in my state, I am deeply grateful for the comfort Sam showed me, I'd like to think it eased my pain a little. He was terribly worried, I could see that… but I couldn't have asked for more to ease my pain. Waking in Rivendell was quite an experience, I was glad to see Sam at my side, I was glad Sam hadn't left; I know I was unconscious quite a while. In fact Sam and me had grown rather close throughout the little part of our journey. I knew Sam longed to be home, I wasn't going to keep him, he loved the elves all right, but the outside world was never meant for him. I would have to stay a little while to spend time with my Uncle Bilbo and to find out more about what was intended for this ring. I would've been sad to see him leave. Of course, I didn't want Sam to come on the journey to Mordor; this was perilous! I couldn't ask such a thing of Sam. I was distraught with worry. Why were you so persistent Sam? Is it because you… No, of course not. What? Whatever this was about, Sam knew there was no chance trying to stop himself reading this now. Writing all this makes me wonder if he'll ever read this, I certainly won't be here when he does, not long now. The Grey Havens are waiting… And why am I writing this? I realize now, not for my own recollection, I would not want to recall it, I live everyday in this subtle pain, I write this because I want him to read this. I want him to see how I feel. When is it, when you read this? Is it too late? …Too late? So after Sam's insistency on continuing his journey (though thankful I was; I could help but worry everyday, sometimes it added to the pain of the ring). After loosing Gandalf in the minds of Moria, so the cursed Balrog, it seemed as if the optimism I had was lost. Faded, in fact the only optimism left inside me was gifted to me by Sam and his wishful thinking. Anyway, after what seemed to be Gandalf's death (It makes me shudder at the thought), the pressure of everything weighed down on me. I was coming to terms painfully with this, I felt alone. I had protection and I had friends, but I was alone. How do people deal with death? I shall never understand it. Lothlorien passed quickly, though offering great comfort, I felt afraid of these foreign lands. Now knowing I must continue this 'quest' alone was a painful thought, but also quite a relief. On that boat, I left everyone behind; I finally had that realization. I had feelings, this wasn't friendship, it wasn't right. Just… wasn't right! I had to leave, I had to go, my mind was swimming, and I couldn't have these thoughts. If I was going to have them… not then. I knew it would make it harder, I knew this quest would kill me. Unfortunately it didn't and I am still here. He came for me, refusing to give up. No. No! I wouldn't let him; I couldn't let