UPDATE, 2012 10 23: Hey guys, if you don't mind, are you okay if I re-write this story, starting from scratch? It'll be the same, except it would be a bit more exaggerated (example: The characters, and Katniss's sickness). Please let me know. (I know that this story is 1 follower away from a hundred, haha. I suck) I know it's annoying that I'm re-writing basically all of my other stories, but I promise you that'll update frequently. The reason that I haven't posted anything yet is because I was debating on whether I should re-write or not. I hate how I had a bad start. I seriously ruin all my stories. (I also noticed that this is my absolute favourite story out of my other ones) My life isn't very positive right now, and I'm trying to write as much as possible. I can't live without listening to Evanescence, writing/expressing my feelings/imaginations, and reading beautifully written books. I would seriously weep without those things. This is a beautiful story, and it is absolutely very fun to write. (I really want you in tears by the end of the story) Additionally, the new re-written story will be inspired by my favourite classical pianist, Yiruma. Okay, go ahead and laugh at me for loving classical music. The new version's title might be titled "Dream A Little Dream Of Me". Thank you. =) UPDATE 2012 10 01: Alright, uh, if you're new, you'll probably hate this. I'm combining and fixing the chapters little by little. THIS STORY IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION. Originally had nine chapters. New readers, please try to not read this story. [If you're going to, please ignore the old authors' notes and terrible writing] Original: Arghhh! New Story! AU! - I won't betray the other. This idea just popped in my head when I was depressed just a few hours ago. I decided not to talk about it anymore, since it would crush me again. - This story's plot belongs to Nicholas Spark's famous novel, A Walk To Remember. I hadn't read the book, but I know the main points and scenes from the movie. I thought it would be an exciting story to do. (Hoping no one else has this story here) I will do a lot of twists; so you don't really know what you're expecting next...or do you.. Mwahahaa. Kato/Catniss shipper forever! - Plot by Nicholas Sparks and Characters created by Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games. Chapter 1 Intro Katniss stood in line, tucking her braid under her father's leather jacket. Waiting for her registration to her new school. High School, 11th Grade. Transferring wasn't a hard time- but her father recently died when he was out for work leaving her whole family horribly upset. Unfortunately, her father did not have much money left for them- they only have one choice. Move to another city. Her best friend Gale promised he would always come and visit her, but it did not lower Katniss's depression. She loved her father. Now he is gone. Mom and Prim is suffering too. "Next!" The secretary called up Katniss. C'mon Katniss, you can do this. 2 more years, you'll get to graduate. Katniss snatched her simple, old pine green leather backpack, and slammed her door closed. Prim, who is happily dancing around with her two braids, swinging up and down as she hopped down the stairs. She might look really joyful, but inside, Katniss knows pain still exists; deep in her heart. "Nervous?" Her mother asks, as she packs an apple in Prim's lunch-box. Katniss sighed and grabbed a banana from the plate instead of digging in her mother's oat meal. "No, just not really hungry. I'll see you after school Prim. And mom." They watched Katniss left the house showing a little frustration. Katniss thought about her new school as she silently walk for about a kilometer to her school. She felt her heart pounding faster and faster when she gets closer to the building. Arriving, she sees cars and groups of seniors walking together towards the entrance. Taking a deep breath, she fast-walks through the cars and people, and steps in the school. The hallways are all packed with students taking out books from their lockers. The fact that school had started about a month ago, Katniss will defiantly be noticed. She stopped in a corner to get her schedule from her bag. Biology, Room 218. It took her about 5 minutes to find the class. It seems like the farther she goes in the school, the bigger and complicated it gets. She took little steps as she enters, and only see one student sitting in the front. Katniss felt like she went in the wrong room, but the door labeled the subject right. She quickly picked a seat in the back, and sat down comfortably. The classroom is pretty large compared to Katniss's old ones. Katniss had this feeling in her head, that maybe things will get better. Maybe even forget about her father's death one day. A moment later, kids start running in the room, fighting for seats. Katniss rolled her eyes. The teacher comes in, and greets everyone. She did the attendance, and thankfully, no eyes laid on her. Sadly, no one sat next to her. However, Katniss liked being alone eventually. The class went smooth and simple. It wasn't the first day of school for everyone, hence Katniss had homework to do. The next is the boring, original course, Math. The next courses went through pretty good. Katniss's wish had been granted: I will not be getting into people's attention on the first day. Second Day. Katniss felt a lot better; No more pounding hearts while walking to school and no more breakfast skipping. Her mom had packed her the same lunch as yesterday, Lamb Sandwich. Her sister's first day seemed to be much more cooler than Katniss'. She met new friends, good teachers. Katniss felt a little hopeless, but it's just been a day in her new school. When she stepped in her first period class, the room was packed. Only a seat left for her in the middle. People were chattering loudly, throwing paper balls and airplanes. Katniss frowned, surprised. Her boots quietly make their way farther in the room, when someone shouted her name and pointed directly at her. "Hey, Its the new girl, Katniss!" The fool point his finger at Katniss, where she is standing in the middle of the classroom like a scared chipmunk. The room goes silent for a second. Katniss's heart starts to pound again. What is going on? Can one wish turn everything upside down afterwards? "Why! Why?" Katniss dumps the rest of her lunch in the garbage. "Some kind of joke?" She mutters to herself. The principle, Snow , had given her a mission. A new student in the school, who barely knows anyone, gets to be chosen? Pathetic! "It's gonna be alright, Katniss. He does not bite a pretty girl like you." Madge, a tall girl with long, golden hair confronts her. Madge is the only one who Katniss accepts to sit with her at lunch. Confident, smart looking, Katniss has to accept her offer. "Its not really that, I'm getting attention from everybody in the school!" Katniss is aggressive in person. Her words are usually unsurprising whatsoever, but this type of emotion happening; Furious and proud, mixed together. "What so great about the guy? Why would I matter so much to people?" "There There." Madge kindly pats her back, and picks her backpack up. "They'll leave you alone soon. I'm surprised that you're not one of those people who is desperate to get popular. In some kind of way, I like you. The oh-so-hot girls that you'll meet later will explain it." Katniss shook her head, and heads out the door. "I don't want to meet them." She mumbles, and swinged her pack around her shoulder. "They are the ones who over heard Snow's orders. And spreading it to everyone." "You'll find out what happens tomorrow." Old Author's Note, Originally Chapter 1: Please review, and yes, The beginning is always hard for me to write. Until...the drama comes! Cato's gonna be real a cocky bastard when he first meets her. Then things will go around smoothly between them later on. And if you don't know, Snow ordered Katniss to interact with trouble-maker, Cato. Because, Cato has gotten suspended multiple times, Snow decided he needs someone to help him with his brutal actions to people. ... Madge and I walked to school the next day. My mission begins today after-school. Brilliant. As we entered the school, eyes. Eyes. Tons of eyes laid on me, whose very innocent. Linking my arms with Madge, we stopped at my class, and Madge made a sweet little smile and patted my back. "See ya at lunch!" Madge waved to me, and headed to her class. She defiantly admires my attitude. She is now my first friend here. Everyone in the room stopped talking, and turned their heads to me as soon as I stepped in. Will this happen everyday? I stared at the shiny, reflective floor, and heads towards an empty seat at the back. Just as I'm about to place down my books on the table, a hand slammed on the chair that I'm about to sit down. "Sorry, this is seat is reserved." It was defiantly not a sincere 'apology'. I realize that I'm facing Glimmer. One of people who made my life miserable. Now, I cannot go easy on them, can I? I'm about to open my mouth to say something back, but then woos and hoos fill the room. Then I noticed that they are calling my name, waving at me. I turned back to Glimmer, who is giving me a glare. Madge's right. They can't stand when someone else is more important than them for a moment. I sighed, and tighten my grip on my textbooks. As I begin to move towards another empty seat, a large shoulder brushed my back, causing me to almost trip forwards. Luckily, it wasn't a bad one. Couple of giggles can be heard behind me. I don't bother to look back. I rolled my eyes, and headed toward an empty seat. I ignored every single comment that came towards my face. The class turned out to be boring this time. I barely listened to what the teacher said. Before leaving the classroom, I took out my phone and took a picture of the whiteboard. Common technique to the people that's too lazy to write down their homework. Lunch arrives shortly. Madge and I sat together at a table near a corner. We always wanted some peace and privacy. "So;" Madge started, and took a bite of her delicious looking hamburger. She always looked like a happy person. Her cheeks are always rosy, just like Prim. I hope that she'll become one of my best friends here soon. "So?" I snicker, and place down my sandwich. "So about that guy—" I had suddenly caught Madge's attention. The corner of her lips starts to rise. I squinted my eyes at her. "What?" She stopped chewing and swallowed before putting down her half eaten burger. "He's here." She murmured. There's a second I thought she was joking, but then the whole cafeteria goes blizzard. My back was facing the entrance, so I slowly turn myself around. 4 guys step in the cafeteria. People back up, making an aisle for them. I sat there, glancing at each of them, as they made their way to the center table. I scowl, and turn back to Madge. "Which one?" I ask. "Leader. Blondie." I nodded, and finished my sandwich. Cato. Popular, trouble-maker, spoiled, bastard . Madge's voice echo in my head as I take a step towards the office door. A lady takes me through a few hallways, and stops by a door. I'm ordered to meet him today, and get to know him before