Chapter One I'd never held much importance to the legends of our tribe before. I mean, come on, we were descended from wolves? How crazy did that sound. I snorted in a disbelieving way. Not because I didn't believe it now, but because the legend I had scoffed at before had become reality for me over night. I paced back and forth in the small living room of my house, remembering the night the fever had set in, the night it had all changed, the night, I had lost Bella. We stepped out of the movie theatre, Bella towing the marshmallow, Mike Newton, to the car. I held the door open and helped to wrestle him into the back seat. I handed him the popcorn bucket I had thought to grab from the chick at the concession stand. "Please" I begged, for the love of god; don't vomit in my car I thought. Bella jumped in the passenger side and I slid behind the wheel. We rolled the windows down to let the icy night air blow through the car, hoping it would help Mike to keep his dinner down. "Cold again?" I asked Bella as I put my arm around her. I had noticed she had curled her arms around her legs in an attempt to stave off the cold air. "You're not?" she asked surprised I just shook my head. "You must have a fever or something" she grumbled, as she reached over to feel my forehead. "Whoa, Jake – You're burning up!" she said "I feel fine" I shrugged, "fit as a fiddle." She frowned and touched my head again, as if to check she'd felt it right the first time. "Your hands are like ice." I grumbled, not actually minding in the least. "Maybe it is me" she allowed Mike groaned in the backseat, and threw up in the bucket. I quickly checked over my shoulder to make sure he hadn't defiled my car. After dropping mike off at his place it was only a short drive back to Bella's house. She was quiet the whole way, lost deep in thought by the looks of it. I had my own thoughts to keep me occupied. Whether or not she knew it, Bella had feelings for me. She had undoubtedly been devastated by Edward's leaving, I could see it in the way she clutched at her stomach every time his name was mentioned, as if she were trying to hold herself together. But I could fix that, if she would let me. If she would just realise that I was the perfect guy for her. She was hurt, yes, but not completely broken. She shuddered and I tightened my hold on her, both comforting and calming her. "I would invite myself in, since we're early", I said as I pulled up next to her truck. "But I think you might be right about the fever. I'm starting to feel a little… strange." "Oh no, not you, too! Do you want me to drive you home?" "No." I shook my head, "I don't feel sick yet. Just wrong. If I have to, I'll pull over." "Will you call me as soon as you get in?" she asked anxiously. "Sure, sure" I said staring ahead into the darkness; I had to let her know how I felt. But jeez, it was going to sound corny. Like straight out of a rom com corny. She opened the door to get out, this was my last chance, and my hand shot out and grabbed her lightly on the wrist, halting her. "What is it Jake" she asked, looking me in the eyes. I realised yet again how gorgeous her eyes were, chocolate milk in colour and as deep as the ocean. Well, there we go; I had already started with the corny talk, might as well get it over with. "There's something I want to tell you, Bella... but I think it's going to sound kind of corny." "Go ahead." She sighed, looking resigned "It's just that, I know you're unhappy a lot. And, maybe it doesn't help anything, but I wanted you to know that I'm always here. I won't ever let you down – I promise that you can always count on me. Wow, that does sound corny. But you know that right? That I would never, ever hurt you?" "Yeah, Jake. I know that. I already do count on you, probably more than you know." A genuine smile broke out across my face at her words. I already knew this, but it was something else to hear it from her. Suddenly I felt a sharp bolt of heat strike down my spine. "I really think I'd better go home now" I said. Bella jumped quickly out of the car. "Call me!" she yelled as I pulled away. The sound of the phone shrilling broke into my recollection. Billy and I both looked at it. His eyes met mine with an "I'm sorry but it's for the best" look. It was obviously Bella. She'd been calling constantly since that night. I could feel the heat start to shimmer down my spine, the loss and anger of that night leaking out once again. I turned mid stride and headed for the door; I had to get out of the house. I burst through the door slamming it on the words "not too late Jake" coming from the kitchen table. I was too angry to reply. As soon as my feet cleared the porch I was running, heading towards the forest, running from my memories, from the pain, the anger, the regret. You can attempt to run from these things, believe me I've tried, but as I've recently discovered, you can't run from yourself. The forest flashed by as I ran at top speed. I didn't know where I was heading, just that I had to get away. Perhaps if I didn't stop, I could just keep going forever. But that wasn't an option, not really. I had responsibilities to the tribe now, the legends I had so easily dismissed were true, all of them; including the Cullen's, the Cold Ones. I felt the familiar surge of heat and rage course through me but I pushed it down. Bella, my beautiful Bella had known this whole time what they were. I hadn't wanted to believe Sam when he had revealed that particular piece of information. How could she know what they were and still be pinning for that bloodsucker? I couldn't keep the heat at bay this time and I felt my body burst open, my muscles screaming as they expanded and reformed, phasing into the wolf. Four paws replaced my two feet and they rhythmically beat the ground as I ran, drumming out a pattern to help drown out my acid thoughts. Instantly I could feel them with me, my pack. I was never truly alone anymore; we could hear each other's thoughts, every intimate, embarrassing thought laid bare for the pack to see. "Jacob," Sam said sharply What now. "We've caught a trail; it's the leech with the dreads. I need you to meet us in the clearing, now" he commanded. My mind focused instantly. This was why we were called by the Spirits; this is why my life was torn apart at the seams. Vampires; just like the Cullen's. My rage kicked up a notch, my anger for what they had done to Bella simmering. I channeled it into the hunt, pushing myself harder. "On it" I replied and kicked myself into gear, flying through the forest to meet up with the rest of the pack. A couple of minutes later I could hear the guys around me, converging on the clearing. That's when it hit me, a sickly sweet smell that burnt my nostrils. "A bloodsucker" yipped Embry excitedly, "a real live bloodsucker. Well, not alive really, but you know what I mean" his thoughts were jittery with his excitement. "Embry." barked Sam, "focus." "Ooops, yep you got it boss" he said, his thoughts immediately aligning with the pack, thinking with us. "Jared," Sam commanded in his double alpha timber, "take point, I want to be able to sneak up on him if possible." We all ghosted through the forest, noses to the scent trail left behind by the leech. Before long Jared began to slow his headlong dash as he spotted his quarry. It was standing in a meadow,talking to someone. That's when I spotted her. My world stopped; it was Bella. I sunk low, ready to launch in between her and the bloodsucker. "STOP" commanded Sam in his Alpha voice. My legs locked down immediately, halting me effectively. "We are not on our treaty land Jacob and we don't know if it's under the Cullen's protection." I snarled at him silently. "What, you want to wait until it has it's fangs in her neck?" "Just stand back and see, the moment he makes a move to harm her, we attack. Until then I'm not willing to start a war for her." "If it's protected by the Cullen's then they've broken the treaty already, you know it's been killing around here, we need to attack while it's distracted. We are charged with protecting the people and that INCLUDES Bella!" At that moment, the leech sunk into a crouch, obviously readying itself to attack. "NOW," I growled at the same time as Sam, my legs instantly unlocking. I launched myself at it knocking it backwards, away from Bella, the rest of the pack right on my heels. The bloodsucker flipped mid-air and landed on its feet, fleeing in the opposite direction, Sam and the pack right behind it. I turned to see if Bella was okay, I couldn't help myself. She looked a little different than I remembered, darker around the eyes like she hadn't slept in days. She probably hadn't. My heart lurched realising that it was undoubtedly my fault. I had broken my promise not to hurt her. I saw her flinch back as I approached her slowly, inexplicably drawn to her. I stopped in my tracks, not wanting to scare her further. I tilted my head to the side to regard her. Bella's wide eyes shot a look of, what? Recognition? No, surely not. I was obviously seeing what I wanted to. I didn't know what that look was but the fear suddenly left her eyes and she took a tentative step, her hand slowly rising towards me. "Who are you?" she whispered A shocked whimper escaped me. Who, not what… Could she possibly know? She shook her head slowly from side to side as if waking from a dream. I knew my time was slipping away; the glimpses of her through her bedroom window as I patrolled her house at night weren't enough. I took a measured step forward, keeping my eyes on her as I did, gauging her reaction. She wasn't afraid anymore but she was wary as I slowly glided towards her. Finally I reached her outstretched hand and nuzzled my head against it, liking the feeling of her fingers running through my fur. I heard her breath hitch and stopped to look at her. "You're him aren't you? The wolf from my dream." She asked, still sounding half dazed. "Am I still dreaming?" I was equal parts relieved and disappointed. She thought she was asleep safe in her bed. I wish you were honey. This is no place for a human; especially you. I could hear that the pack had taken down the leech. Embry's thoughts were particularly triumphant. Jeez, I am going to hear about this for a month. "Sam, there might be more of them, can I take Bella home?" I asked, already guessing at his answer. "Jacob, you know how I feel about this," Sam sighed, "but if you're sure you're in control, it would be better if you made sure she gets home safely." I was