It was the sand, the waves, the sound of water slapping against the hollow wood, the sea shells that I used to string into bracelets and crowns. It was the sun that gave me freckles and turned my hair strawberry blonde, the wind that knotted my hair, the puddles in the rain that reflected my kelp green eyes. It was me, all of it. I owned it, as did everyone else in District 4. We didn't control it, we didn't have a say, we didn't get to help, we just got to be. To enjoy. To live it. We got to dip our feet in the ocean on a hot day, we got to run on the beach, the sand flying out underneath our feet. Life seemed brilliant when I was little, everything was so vibrant the colorful houses, the bright blue ocean, the fish and the coral. The flowers in the meadows on the outskirts of town, the other villages, with their different people. People, as a child I loved people, the noise, the liveliness, even the chaos just seemed to bring me in. I would embrace it, my small body and feet running up to different people. I would ask them questions, they were silly, "What's your favorite color?" or "Do you like the blue roll wrap? I think it tastes like toothpaste, but mommy said it's good for me!", almost everyone knew me, for my loud voice, happiness and oddness. I spent a lot of time, but never alone. I may have had no one to talk to, or to dance with, but I often visited parties, or would sit in town square, criss-cross applesauce breathing it all in. Almost like I was just bottling it all up, keeping it for myself. Like a present, one that only you understand, like a particular piece of sea glass, or a rock. Not a pretty one, but one, if you look close enough, you can see why I keep it. I keep it for the people who don't have rocks to find on beaches, the ones who have no sun in the sky. The ones who maybe did once. But not now. Not anymore. I did it for them, the kids who got carted off to the games, the people who died prematurely from the same diseases that could be cured with a pill in the capitol. I hold it in for the people in other districts, the ones who will never see the sea, the life, the madness that I do. Sometimes I like to hope that there's someone like me, doing the same, taking it all in, bottling it up, for people like me. People who haven't seen the dense woods or the expansive fields of wheat, the urban meadows, or the luxuries. I like to think that maybe someone understands me, someone who wants the same things, someone who dreams the same dreams and who maybes hopes for the same things. My Grandmother never got to see the other Districts. She said she still remembered when the Districts rebelled, she was only 7 years old. Her parents sat by and did nothing, they lived their lives, they continued fishing, and living their lives as if Districts weren't getting bombed, people weren't getting massacred. She used to tell me that if you believed in something, you needed to stand up for it, that if you saw something wrong, it was your job to fix it, because even if you weren't the person to do it, at least you tried. She worked at the treasury in the justice building. There she watched after all of the illegal books that the capitol hid in all of the Districts, the least likely place to find them. She used to give them to me. She died, two years ago. It was really no surprise, she was growing old, and weak. She used to tell me that the Capitol only let her live as a joke, knowing that nothing would make her more upset, then watching her own son die. She told me one afternoon to never give up, never to let the capitol manipulate me, and that she loved me more then anything else in the world. I never saw her again, her house caught on fire, and she died in the flames. Everyone says it was an accident. I think it was one last act of defiance. The Capitol couldn't even decide when she could die. Sometimes I think that I should just lock my door, and read. In my grandmothers name I should make more hovercraft designs and plot revenge against the capitol. But then, I feel foolish. I'll look at the other people my age, the ones who have already left school, the ones who work full time at their parents businesses. The ones who don't skimp out on work, lying about things to do, because the consequences will be worse than a scolding look, or no books for a week. And then I'll walk home, to our modest house near the harbor. It's a small house, made with plaster and painted a light sea green, with aqua shutters. It doesn't have glass windows, but it has a wood floor. It doesn't have a guest bedroom, but it has a fridge. But it was always filled with the warm scent of wood and the comforting smell of the ocean. It always had the warmth of family and comfort. The couch was worn, beaten up, but soft. Like the years of use had softened the stiff couch. Our table was worn, chipped and scratched from children and meals. Our counters were always clean, yet the held the appearance of dirty counters, our tiled floor in the kitchen was much the same. My room was the smallest, even though my older brother had long since left, after getting a job as a fisherman and marrying. It faced the ocean though, and I don't think I've ever closed the shutters. My bed, filled with reed and straw sits under the first window facing the ocean. I can almost touch all walls at the same time. The room is only about a foot or two longer than myself when I lay down. Which gives it enough room to place a small desk at the foot of my bed, and my dresser on the same wall as my bed. My room is adorned with paintings, not magnificent ones, not ones on canvas, not ones with store bough acrylics. One's my friend, Naunet, painted. Naunet is exotic in our district of tanned people and freckled people with blonde or brown hair bleached from the sea and the sun, blue eyes. Naunet is dark, not as dark as night, but not as light as our tan. Her long glossy black hair is pin straight and reaches her back, it doesn't change color after hours in the sun. The salt water doesn't seem to effect it, and Naunet only spends ten minutes brushing her hair. Naunet has the darkest brown eyes that I have ever seen. They make her look mysterious and powerful. All of the paintings were from Naunet. We were complete opposites, I was smart and tried hard in school, I was strong and did well in the shop, and helping my brother at sea. Naunet was delicate, she did not try at school, never enough to stand out, just enough to stay in. She didn't want to be roped into her families job. They like the majority of our population were fisherman. They stayed mainly on shore, collecting the oysters and then cleaning and gutting them. Naunet with her delicate frame would probably be forced to clean and gut them. I, was keen on selling my fathers business and doing something with the money, inventing things. What? I had not idea yet, I was thinking hovercrafts strong enough to overthrow the Capitol, but despite the money I would get, we just didn't have the resources to build hovercrafts and I didn't have the money to keep me fed and housed for long enough for me to collect all of the resources. Sometimes, when my father and I had good days at the shop. When I make a boat for a family, and they come smiling as they pick it up. Or when we were hired to make a boat for a victor and they wanted fish, like the ones on their opening ceremony suit carefully painted on the whole boat. Naunet and I spent hours after school for 3 weeks straight painting the fish. Then I would think about maybe keeping the shop. Hiring Naunet to paint and varnish the wood while I nailed it all together, or shaped the wood. My mother said, it's moments like those that I should be bottling. The ones that are truly great, not the chaos, not the colors, but the feeling of doing something nice for others. And I do bottle those in, they're just a easier to capture, I don't need to spend half the time capturing them, they're simple, quick, and the feeling is nice. Today was the first day of summer, and the harbor was bustling with people, mostly younger people, people my age who were planning on setting sail with their parents, siblings or friends. For month long trips, returning just in time for the hunger games. The day trip people were cleaning their boats, readying for tomorrow after the long trips left. I was roped into a shorter trip with my brother, just two weeks. Then I would return to help my father, Naunet was grumpily walking with me. I had a worn backpack full of my clothes and my sleeping pad. "I just don't see why you can't tell him no. Right now, I'm sure they have enough fisherman! I mean do they really need ten of you? Won't nine suffice?" She pleaded. It was useless. "I made a promise, I signed up. I'm going." I told her lightly. "Why didn't I register as a cleaning lady?" She sighed frustratedly. "Because your mother didn't let you. She said you wouldn't make enough money and that you'd fall in love with some scraggly sailor and shame your family" I told her grinning. "Oh just shut up." She huffed, kicking the sand at her feet. I stopped for a moment and watched as the sun rose. With the subtle sun and the bustling people I felt the need to capture the moment. I breathing in deeply focusing on all of the noise. The laughter, the goodbye's, the fights over silly things like top bunks. It was intoxicating. "CHARLIE!" My brother yelled, startling me. I straightened my posture. "You're going to be late!" He yelled at me, a disapproving look evident on his face. "I'M ALL READY! GIMME A SECOND TO SAY GOODBYE!" I screamed back at him. "See you soon Naunet. Promise me not to get in such a big argument with your parents! My parents love you right now, but I'm not sure how a week at my house might end." I said cheekily. "Why do you always assume that I'm gonna fight with my parents?" She huffed. And I laughed at the stupid question. I hugged Naunet tightly. "Bye. Have fun." She told me smiling. "I will you! I'm gonna miss you!" I called as I ran down the beach, I hopped up on the dock, not wasting time using the ramp, and undid the last rope, holding the boat here. I gave the boat a mighty push as I leaped on. The boat was small, maybe 30 feet long. All it had downstairs was a makeshift kitchen, a dining table and bunks surrounding the dining table. No one slept down below, as it was recipe for sickness, we only ever even seemed to step foot in there when it was kitchen duty, or it was raining. We used barrels of salted bread and vegetables as seats and sometimes as