This is my contest entry for the We Love Mobward Contest. I didn't win anything, but received a lot of great reviews. I enjoyed the contest very much and am honored to be among such great writers. A great big thanks to Ninkita/Anika Kaul for her awesome beta skills. This story is not marked complete as I do plan to continue and/or provide closure for the characters. I cannot say when that will be though- hopefully sooner rather than later. Thank you so much for reading. Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. Debussy's Arabesque plays on the overhead sound system. The lilting, ethereal music is in sharp contrast to the gross reality of the blood and guts I am currently elbow-deep in. "You and Heidi going away this weekend? Clamp, please." "Yeah, we are taking a ride out to her parents' place on the lake. A few of her cousins are meeting us up there. You? Can I get a sponge?" "Just laying low. With Jim being gone this week, I'm beat. I've got a few days off and I plan on catching up on some stuff around the house." **Beep... beep... beep... beep** "Dr. Masen, that's the ER paging you." "Can you call them and see what's up? I've been meaning to repair a few boards on my front porch. It needs a new coat of paint too. Scalpel." "The ER says they have a 28 year old female with a ruptured appendix." "Page the fellow to run down and have a look at her. Then notify OR 2 to be ready. I guess I'm not getting out of here any time soon. Bovie. And I'll take Vicryl suture. My parents have been bothering me to visit. I should probably make it over there some time too. Can you close this up?" "Sure thing." "Enjoy your weekend at the lake, Dr. Allen." I start removing my gown and gloves. "Enjoy your painting, Dr. Masen. If you ever make it out of here," he laughs. One emergency appendectomy and a strangulated hernia repair later, I finally walk out the door sometime just after midnight. All I want is a hot shower and my bed. I don't remember if I ate dinner. I'll pick something up at the diner down the street. Just as I'm getting into my car, my phone rings. I already know who it is. I can't avoid it anymore. "Hi, Mom. Yes, I just got out. I'm pulling out of the ramp. I have my Bluetooth on, Mom. No I didn't see your messages… Can we talk about this later? I know. I know… Yes Mom. Ok. I will try to make it over on Sunday. I know. I want to see them too. Yes, Emmett called me. Yes I know. Did they get everything moved into the nursery? I know I said I would help. I haven't had a chance this week. Ok. Ok. Yes. I will try to make it. I'm tired. I'm just stopping for something to eat and I'm on my way home. Ok. I'll talk to you later. Yes, Sunday. Ok. Love you too. Goodnight, Mom. Ok. Goodnight." I love my mother to death, but her calling is incessant. I know she worries about me and she wants to see me more often, but there are reasons I keep my distance and she only knows the half of it. Stuffing my burger into my face, followed by a swig of cold beer as I sit in the dark watching late night TV, my mind unwinds. I've worked late hours almost every day this week with my partner being off. Honestly, I don't mind it. I love my job working as a general surgeon at Mass General. I love being in the OR saving people's lives. It makes me feel like I'm making a difference, at least in some small way. Besides, I don't have anything to come home to—no wife, no girlfriend, not even a dog. I've decided that isn't for me. Clearing up my trash, I make my way to a hot shower and roll into bed, hoping for a restful night's sleep. Morning comes way too soon. My sleep is not quite restful—I dreamt of her again. It's the same dream I have almost every night. Chocolate brown eyes, radiant chestnut brown hair, small waist, glorious tits and a perfectly tight ass. *Seven years earlier* "Edward, when are you going to make your move and take Bella home with you? You know you want to," Riley said, taking a sip of his fancy imported beer. "Riley, Bella and I are friends. I can't get mixed up in a romantic relationship with her. I'm finishing up med school. I need to stay focused. I don't have time for a relationship," I insisted, as I watched her across the room on the dance floor. She was surrounded by her friends, bumping and grinding to the pulsing beat, but her eyes were locked on mine. "Who's talking relationship? Just take her home and bang her. You know she wants you bad. The vibes she's giving off... You guys have had this sexual tension around you ever since you met. You could get her in your bed in a heartbeat." "She deserves more than just a romp in the sheets." I took a sip of my beer, still watching her. We continued our game of cat and mouse, until one night I just couldn't take it anymore. I had had an exam earlier that day that I was sure I bombed. School had been crazy. I felt like I was drowning, and that exam just tipped me over the edge. I needed something to take the edge off, someone. I wanted to be comforted. I wanted a release. I wanted her. I needed her. I would have liked to blame the alcohol, but honestly I hadn't had that much to drink. I just couldn't resist her anymore. The need was too strong. We barely made it up the stairs to my apartment—her arms around my neck, hot, wet kisses on my swollen lips. Her tongue felt amazing. She tasted amazing. Her hands were in my hair, scratching at my scalp. My hands were all over her, groping, clawing at every inch of her. I lifted her and her legs locked around my waist as I slammed her against the back of the door of my apartment. I'm sure she could feel my arousal. I had wanted her for so long. Pinning her, I removed her top, moving right back in to latch my lips onto her neck. My agile fingers made quick work of the clasp of her lacy, black bra. I pulled back, staring at her breasts. So perfect, just about a handful. Her eyes were full of lust as I pinched her tight nipple between my forefinger and thumb. The moan she let out went straight to my cock. She yanked my shirt off over my head and went right back to kissing me with those sinful lips. I carried her down the hall to my bedroom and placed her on the bed. I unbuttoned and removed her jeans and panties and just stared at her, taking her in. After a moment, she reached for my belt and unbuttoned the fly of my jeans. As she inched them down, her hand brushed along the outline of my cock, teasing me, tempting me. My lips were back on her in a flash. I couldn't get enough. I kissed and licked and nibbled every inch of her skin. Centering my face down between her thighs I took a nice long lick of her sweet lips. I nipped at her pulsing nub, and she let out a squeal. She was so wet. She tasted incredible. I dipped one finger in and then another. Curling them to hit her g-spot as I sucked on her clit sent her right over the edge. Her legs clamped around my head. I could barely breathe, but I would die a happy man if this was the way I was going to go. She came down from her high and the look on her face was of sheer bliss. Eyes boring into mine, she reached for my boxer briefs, inching them down with her hands and the rest of the way with her feet. I looked to her for assurance, confirmation that this was what she wanted. She gave me a smile and a nod, and I reached over into my bedside drawer for a condom. As I knelt to slide it on, her hands reached up to help. Lowering myself back between her legs, she guided me. Looking into her eyes, I slowly pushed forward. She was so tight that I feared I might embarrass myself. Hot, wet and so, so good—I pushed all the way in and drew back out. I moved slowly at first; then she urged me to go faster. "Just let go, Edward." And I did. It was hard and fast and raw. She screamed my name, clawing at my back as I felt her tighten around me and that's all it took to push me over the edge. Grunting, pulsing, dripping with sweat, I came hard. My thrusting slowed as my breathing slowed and I rolled off of her, pulling her to my side. Sleep claimed us both. When I woke in the morning, it was to an empty bed and a note telling me she had to run to her job at the library. Good thing I didn't have to look into those eyes. The night had been a mistake. I should never have brought her back with me, done what we did. It couldn't happen again. I wasn't who she thought I was. I wasn't good for her. So I did the only thing I could. I avoided her. I avoided her calls. I avoided places I knew she would be. If I did happen to see her, I all but ignored her. She talked to me and I kept my answers brief. She begged me to tell her what she did wrong, how she could fix it. I had no answers to give her. "It's not you, it's me." Lame. The look on her face broke my heart. I hated doing that to her. It absolutely killed me inside. Eventually, she took the hint. It was for the best. *Back to present* I lay there thinking about Bella as I do most mornings after those dreams. I think about her being the one, my only one. The one that got away. The one I let get away. The one I pushed away because of my sense of honor, my stupid conscience. My conscience is one of the few things I have left to hopefully save my soul, my damned soul. I am Edward Masen Cullen, second son of the infamous mob boss, Carlisle Cullen. I go by Dr. Masen for the sake of my career, for the sake of my sanity. This life makes me crazy. I couldn't bring Bella into this life. I didn't even want to be a part of it. Born into a life that I could never leave, I didn't get a choice. I would be damned if I brought Bella into it. I became a doctor to do some good in the world. To balance the evil that my family inflicts on the world. I can't say that I am totally innocent. Although I never asked to be part of this life, I'm still a part of this family. I know where my loyalties lie. I know when to keep quiet. I know how to keep secrets. I help my dad and my brother when they need me to. I remove bullets, repair wounds, and have even reattached a finger or two. I don't like it, but I do it, out of respect, out of love for my