Dark Clouds and Soft Paws by sehellys Summary: A dreadful storm turns Elladan's and Elrohir's return to Rivendell into a dangerous mission. Luckily, they can rely on their little brother to brighten even the darkest night. *fluff-ish* Written for the teitho challenge 07/16 'Brothers' where it placed 2nd. Disclaimer: Middle Earth and its inhabitants are property of the Tolkien estate. I am not making any money with this story, just having a bit of fun. -o0o- Dark clouds were rolling over the edges of the canyon walls surrounding the last homely house, quickly drowning out the evening sunshine. Elrond looked at the clouds with worry. It would still be a while before the rain reached them and even then the force of the storm inside the village was sure to reach only a fraction of the force it would undoubtedly unleash over the plains. Estel, who was helping Glorfindel attend to the horses in the stables, would get home long before the rain would start to fall within the valley. It was not Estel that he was worrying about. His elven sons, out on a patrol with the rangers, would doubtlessly feel the full wrath of the storm. Worse, they were supposed to return this night. Elrond could do little but hope that they would find shelter to wait out the storm and stay safe. -o0o- The gathering clouds were dark, ominous, granting a glance at the terrible weather that had to be raging outside the protected borders of Imladris. Glancing up at the sky for a moment longer, Glorfindel wondered how long it would be before the rain started to fall. Not long now. He and Estel would have to return to the house soon. Glorfindel turned around and headed back into the stable. He passed the empty stalls of the twins' horses and absentmindedly patted Asfaloth's nose when he passed by the stallion's box. Asfaloth had been very pleased indeed by the visit from his rider and the little human that always snuck him pieces of sugar. If there was anything the noble horse liked better than receiving well-deserved attention, it was sweets. Again Asfaloth lifted his head and sniffed Glorfindel's hand as if to assure himself that there were no more treats hiding in the elf's hand. Glorfindel had to smile at the antics of his mount and continued deeper into the stables. Estel was seated on a hay pale in the last box to the left. A box that hadn't been used for horses in many long years. Instead it now housed the local cat population. The feline creatures appreciated the constant warmth in the stables and the ripe mouse hunting grounds. The stable master, in return, was grateful for their help in protecting the horse feed from rodent infestations. He had started feeding the mousers centuries ago and they had gracefully accepted the invitation to move into the stables as permanent residents. Currently, small kittens populated the box, delighting in diving into the hay and chasing each other around the legs of the small human that watched them intently. Estel had been asking to see the kittens ever since he had heard of their birth almost two months ago, but the older elves had thought it wise to wait until the kittens were a bit older. Now that he had gotten his wish he had been playing with the kittens for a good three hours without showing any signs of tiring. The kittens mesmerized him and Estel delighted in stroking their soft fur and evading their tiny paws when they tried to catch his fingers. Every pounce of a little cat was accompanied by his excited giggles. Glorfindel found himself smiling again. The young human had surprised him with his calm curiosity and gentle touch with the kittens. Already he was forming a bond with them. But Estel's strength was not only in befriending animals, it was also in wrapping ancient elves around his fingers. And before Glorfindel could explain to Estel the need to return to the house, the boy looked up at him. "Do we have to leave already?" His wide silver eyes were impossibly large as he asked the question. And for all the famed combat skills of the Balrog slayer, Glorfindel found he could not stand against Estel's carefully planned 'attack'. He conceded, "Five more minutes, tithen pen. I will get your coat." As Glorfindel turned around he could hear Estel explaining to the kittens why he had to leave and promising to return as soon as he might. Truly, Gilraen's son was growing up and showing more responsibility than he had expected. -o0o- It was nigh impossible to tell the dark sky from the path in front of them as the rain continued to fall. Torrential and relentless. The land was cast in grey darkness that made land and sky blend together. It turned trees into dark looming shadows lacking distinct features and the road they were walking on into a treacherous path. The twins were close to Rivendell now, yet with the storm unleashing its force seemingly straight above them that was of little consequence. They were forced to walk slowly to avoid stumbling on the treacherous path, guiding their horses to find safe footing that eluded themselves. The white path to Rivendell was slim here, falling of steeply into a hollow on one side while rocks and boulders, that would eventually grow to form the cliffs surrounding Imladris, bordered the other side. "I think, brother, that we have made a mistake." Elrohir was shouting to be heard over the howling winds of the storm. Elladan had to agree. When they had first seen the foreboding clouds darken the horizon they had thought to make it home in ample time before the breaking of the storm. They had been wrong. And now they were caught in the open, on a gravel strewn path, with no hope of shelter. Their home, only an hour's ride from their current location, might as well have been beyond the mountains. A sudden sound broke through Elladan's thoughts and he whirled around to look back at his brother. His heart sank. Elrohir's horse had lost its footing on the slippery rocks that littered the path, and though it had avoided a fall that could have been fatal, its hind legs had slipped off the road. Tálagor's hooves were kicking furiously as the horse scrambled for a foothold on the steep slope while Elrohir held tightly onto the bridle trying to aid his horse. But gravity's hold prevailed and in a rumble of rocks and debris Tálagor slid off the rain slickened path - dragging Elrohir with him. Elladan froze. He had let go of his horse's bridle to rush to his twin's aid, yet before he had even taken a second step the ravine had claimed both horse and rider and for a painful second Elladan's heart seemed to stop working. Then, he continued his dash over to the spot where his twin had disappeared. Crouching low on the wet path he gazed down the sloping ground at the gully beneath. It was not a deep drop but large enough to be dangerous and loose rocks littered the ground, slick black shapes in the continuing rain. He could barely make out the dark shape that was Elrohir's horse as it was trying to regain its footing at the bottom of the slope. Getting its feet back under its massive body and heaving itself back up, the horse appeared to have survived the fall, or slide, down the slope without injuries. Yet, instead of making its way back to the path it approached another, smaller dark figure lying on the ground. With sudden dread Elladan realized that the unmoving figure was his twin. "Elrohir!" He made his way down the slope as fast as he could, trying not to slip and fall after his twin. "Elrohir, answer me!" He reached Elrohir's side a moment later, spraying small rocks over the slope as he tried to slow his descent on the loose rocks. He lifted Elrohir into his arms, for a moment content to just hold his brother, to let his presence and his steady breaths sooth his frantic fears. Only after he had assured himself that Elrohir yet lived did he try to look for his twin's injuries. It was not an easy task. The rain obscured his view and it was too dark to see clearly. Elladan could not tell whether it was blood that was plastering his brother's hair to his forehead or if it was just the rain. While he checked for broken bones along his brother's arms and legs, Elrohir began to stir. He creased his forehead in obvious pain as his senses returned to him. "Easy, muindor." Elladan gently restrained his twin as Elrohir tried to sit up. "How do you feel?" Elrohir blinked up at him, "Fine?" Elrohir's answer almost sounded like a question, as if he was not quite sure whether he had selected the correct answer - it had probably just been the one he was most familiar with. Elladan sighed, but moved back a little to help his twin into a sitting position. "Take your time Elrohir. Then tell me how you truly feel." He watched his brother carefully, looking for signs of worsening pain or concussion in his brother, but, reassuringly, found none. "My head hurts," Elrohir eventually offered hesitatingly. After a short pause he added, "I should be able to ride." As the rain around them continued to fall and the wind tore at their hair that had long ago torn free of their braids, Elladan realized that he would have to accept his brother's words. They could not stay here at the bottom of the hollow, unprotected from the storm. Elves may not be susceptible to the cold in the same way that humans were but prolonged exposure, especially when injured, still posed a risk. With a sigh, Elladan hoisted his brother up and helped him back on his horse, which had stayed by their side all this time. Pain flashed briefly across Elrohir's face as he jostled whatever injuries he had sustained, but he gave Elladan a tight nod, signaling that he'd be able to stay on by himself. Elladan led the horse back up the slope and to the white path. He contemplated sending his own horse ahead of them, but in the rain the danger of the animal slipping was too great. A few whispered words were all it took to make sure Belroch would follow after Tálagor as Elladan set out again over the slippery path to get his brother home. -o0o- The rain outside was the least of Gilraen's worries at the moment. Maybe it had been a mistake to let Estel spend most of the day in the stables playing with kittens. Ever since her boy had returned from his visit to the small felines with Glorfindel, he had been distracted – and clumsy. Earlier in the evening he had spilt his milk and in the hurry to clean the mess he made had dropped his food plate right after it. Bread, butter and smoked meat, all now marred his bedroom floor. And when Gilraen had tried to clean the mess her son had somehow managed to trip over the soft carpet that Lord Elrond had brought to their room for extra warmth. "Better?", she asked, after she placed a last kiss on Estel's smarting knee, trusting in the magic of 'Nana's healing kisses' to make her son feel better. Estel nodded mutely, still rubbing his eyes. "Nana?" he asked. "Yes, dear?" "I'm sorry I dropped the food." Her son's sincere apology lifted Gilraen's spirit and she was very pleased at his next words as well. "I can clean up." "In that case I will get you some fresh milk from the kitchens." As she left the room she saw Estel hurry, surprisingly nimble despite his aching