Disclaimer: none of the characters are mine. Rating: K+ (for brief mentioning of injuries) AN: Inspired by the extended scene between Aragorn, Brego and Eowyn in The Two Towers, which I've adapted with slight changes. With many, many thanks to my wonderful beta reader frannysnow . The Magic of Elves The stallion was restless. It strained against the ropes holding it in place and despite the many Rohirrim warriors that were trying to keep it contained it would not settle down. Four men against one horse - and the Rohirrim were losing. Aragorn approached them carefully, with a nudge on the shoulder of one of the men, he claimed one of the ropes and used it to slowly inch his way closer to the horse. He let his body language speak for him, conveying that he meant no harm and did not seek to quench its raging emotions. More and more of the men lowered their ropes as the bucking decreased, trusting him to control the horse, but he paid them little heed. He reached a hand towards the distraught stallion and started speaking to it in Elvish. Small nonsensical endearments, the sound of the soft vowels more than the actual meaning would help him relay his message. As the horse settled he removed the ropes still binding it, handing them to one of the warriors that had started to gape openly at his display. " His name is Brego." Aragorn turned around to see Eowyn in the stable, she was looking at him curiously. "He was my cousin's horse." " Brego" Aragorn said, turning back around to the stallion, "your name is kingly." While he continued to talk to the horse Eowyn ignored what she had been doing and approached him instead. "I had heard of the magic of the elves", she said, "but I did not look for it in a ranger from the North. You speak as one of their own." Aragorn regarded her, for a moment wistful as old memories stirred at her words. "I was raised in Rivendell ... for a time" was all the explanation he gave her. But despite his apparent nonchalance he could feel his mind drift back to the day that he had learned this 'magic'. -o0o- It was a beautiful summer's day. The intense sunshine tinted the air beneath the forest's lush canopy a hazy green and left golden speckles on the ground where it passed between the leaves. Estel urged his pony to walk faster, trying to catch up to his brothers who were waiting for him further up the path. A bird chittered on his right and hastened back into the underbrush when he rode past. Birds! Estel reigned in his pony and tried to focus on the voices of the winged inhabitants of the forest instead. He had almost forgotten about his mission! Today was his tenth birthday making him old enough to finally start his warrior training in a matter of weeks. As a special present, and after much begging, his brothers had agreed to take him on a trip to better prepare him for the start of those lessons. They had tasked him with identifying the song of the birds and, Estel noticed horrified, they would probably expect an answer soon. Trying to recall the lessons of Lord Erestor on the wildlife of the Hidden Valley, Estel found it was more difficult than he had thought. Many of his lessons had relied on the twins retrieving life specimen from the wild and when they had failed to do so, which evil tongues (commonly known to belong to Glorfindel) suggested they did on purpose, Erestor had been forced to emulate the sounds of birds and beasts to the best of his abilities. And despite the elf lord's considerable skill, Estel had been so hard pressed not to laugh that he had often failed to actually learn the sounds. But luck was with him today and he recognized the voice of the winged creature hiding in the underbrush. "A ground jay!" the boy exclaimed as he reached his brothers' side, his face easily showing his excitement at knowing the answer. Identical smiles crossed the faces of the twin sons of Elrond as their little brother rode up beside them. "Very well done, Estel." Elladan praised. "Now, how about you show us how well you have paid attention when Ro and I have been teaching you to read tracks." He dismounted his grey stallion and beckoned Estel to join him on the ground, pointing out some faint imprints in the dry earth. The young boy did not need to be told twice. In a flurry of motion he dismounted his pony and raced to his brother's side, his curls gently bobbing in the wind. "It was a hare!" Estel exclaimed before even reaching the indicated spot, the imprints were clear and deep in the soft forest earth. "And she was fast, trying to escape from something." He crouched low now to examine the tracks briefly before rising to his feet and roaming the forest for further prints with a gleam of excitement in his voice. "She turned here!" He pointed at the ground but barely stopped to wait for acknowledgement or confirmation before he continued to follow the zig-zagging prints of the hare. Elladan turned around to face his twin, clearly amused by the display of tracking skills from their youngest brother. "It seems he did pay attention to our teachings." "Apparently." Elrohir confirmed, and then added with a barely suppressed smirk: "It is nice to know that our lessons are more exciting than Erestor's" He watched as Estel was carefully bending the branches of a low shrub at the edge of the forest path, trying to find the spot where the hare would have bolted back into the cover of the leaves. Elladan chuckled lightly. "Was there ever any doubt about it, brother?" His laughter broke off abruptly as a faint sound captured both of the elven twins' attention. An ominous crash followed by a pain filled scream. Elladan turned around to make sure Estel, now half-buried under shrubbery, was still within easy reach should danger approach them. At the same time Elrohir's eyes roamed the forest trying to pierce the underbrush and pinpoint exactly where the sound had come from. When no danger was apparent the twins' eyes met, coming to a silent agreement to investigate the source of the scream. The sound itself had been too faint to be picked up by human ears, especially if said human was busy murmuring excited phrases in the hopes of luring the elusive hare out of cover. But, Estel had always been sensitive to the elves surrounding him, aware from a young age that they would hear and see things that he could not. So, when his brothers tensed the boy turned his large silver eyes from the depths of the forest and at them instead. "What has happened?" His question earned him a soft smile, for his attentiveness never ceased to amaze his brothers. "We are not sure Estel, but it seems as though someone is in need of aid. We should see if we can provide it." -oOo- The three sons of Elrond rode along the forest path with all the haste Estel's shorter-legged pony allowed. Gradually the forest opened up and they soon reached the crossroad to a larger trading route that was often used by the human trader's within the valley. The scream of pain that had alerted the elven twins earlier had not been repeated but rather been replaced by a litany of moans, interrupted by the occasional colourful curse, whoever was in pain seemed not to be facing any imminent danger at least. They followed the road around a bend, finally reaching the source of the commotion. A man was lying on the ground, cradling an obviously injured arm to his chest while his other hand rested on the small dagger at his belt. He had heard their approach and from the expression on his face was clearly relieved to find they had not been the bandits he might have feared. His hand dropped from the hilt of the meagre weapon but he hesitated to speak. It was most likely his first encounter with one of the firstborn. "Stay with Estel, I will see what I can do to help him." Elrohir spoke to his twin, then dismounted and slowly approached the man, hands lifted and palms turned outward to show the man that he meant no harm. He cast a swift glance over the road, the man was lying propped up against a stone, suggesting that he had moved after the accident, though not much. The man's horse, a handsome black stallion stood at the side of the road of to a side, making no move to leave his master or the bag that most likely held the man's belongings. There was a marking on the knapsack, identifying the man as a trader with the permission to traverse the hidden valley. As he got closer to the man who was still watching him with a mix of relief and suspicion, Elrohir spoke: "Well met, Master trader. I am a healer from Rivendell, can I offer you assistance?" The man nodded eagerly until the motion jarred his injured arm and he decided to speak instead. "A healer, the One be blessed. Yes, your help would be most welcome." As Elrohir knelt down at his side and reached out to examine his injured arm, a sudden look of caution crossed the man's face and he carefully moved his arm out of reach. "I don't have anything to repay your kindness though", the man said cautiously. The look Elrohir had had at the trader's belongings next to the waiting stallion suggested otherwise but the younger twin chose not to comment on that. Instead he replied, with long years of practiced diplomacy: "You are traveling within the borders of Rivendell, none who seek our help shall go unaided." When Elrohir reached for the man's wounded arm again, the merchant was more than happy to entrust it to his touch. The healing abilities of elves were still renowned in the villages close to Imladris, and the man was most likely glad that he and his brothers had run across him. "This is a bad break," Elrohir said after a moment of examining the arm. "The bones are out of alignment. They will need to be set. Chew these leaves and they will dull the pain." The merchant grit his teeth at the news, purposefully avoiding to look at either the elf or his injured arm. But he did accept the leaves Elrohir offered him and started chewing the bitter herbs. As he looked away once more, unconsciously bracing his muscles against the pain he expected, his roaming eyes came to rest on his horse. "It's all that blasted horse's fault." he exclaimed. "The stupid thing just threw me off. For no reason either. Foul beast." Elrohir tensed. His hands hovered above the man's broken arm for a moment as the careless comment broke his concentration. He took a breath, trying to ignore the man's insult to his horse and to focus instead on healing the man's injuries. The herbs were probably sharpening the tongue more than the merchant intended, though it still unsettled Elrohir that the man would speak so poorly of his magnificent steed. The younger twin had always had a soft spot for the large animals, spending much of his free time in the stables of Imladris, even as an elfling. "It is vicious I tell you, dangerous" the man continued to express his anger at his steed, though Elrohir carefully refrained from replying to his tirade. But the merchant's words drifted over to Estel as well and the young human found his gaze drawn to the horse, almost by its own accord. It was an imposing stallion. Not quite as tall as his