special thanks to frannysnow for her feedback and encouragement and to Lady Veilchenblau for beta-reading - it is much appreciated. Snow trolls The patter of enthusiastic footsteps heralded Estel's arrival long before the curly haired boy ran into the room. With excitement sparkling in his eyes and a large smile on his lips Estel hurled himself into his father's arms. " Ada !" Elrond laughed lightly as he lifted the little boy up onto his lap. "What is it tithen pen ?" "Ada, when will Ro and Dan be back?" Estel was so excited that he missed the brief look of uncertainty passing over his adar's face. "I am sure they will be back very soon. Why are you asking, Estel?" "Restor said it was going to snow soon," Estel exclaimed, all smiles and barely contained excitement. "Dan and Ro said they would build snow trolls with me when the first snow comes!" Elrond barely suppressed a heavy sigh, "and why, pray tell, would they want to build trolls of all things?" The idea of his elven sons introducing their little brother to the fierce monsters at such a young age did not appeal to him. It was probably just as well that Elladan and Elrohir weren't in the room right now. Though, he did have to admit, he would feel better knowing where they were and what had delayed them for over a week. Unaware of his father's musings, Estel answered truthfully, "Well, when the rangers were here for midsummer," and his voice lost any cheerfulness and instead took on a slightly awed, quieter tone, "they said the trolls were getting more bold, and more of a problem. So I asked Dan and Ro what trolls are and they promised to build snow trolls and show me." The way Estel's mood lifted instantly at the prospect made Elrond reconsider his earlier judgment. It seems that the blame of introducing Estel to trolls lay not with the twins after all, and instead they had handled the situation with surprising care. Now, of course, there was the problem of whether they would be back in time to keep their promise to their little brother. -o0o- Elrohir looked up at the grey clouds dejectedly. It looked like more snow was on its way, and he and Elladan weren't even halfway across the mountains yet. If it snowed much more, they might not make it across at all. He turned around to scratch the nose of his horse, faithfully walking alongside him. "Not much longer now and we'll be over the peak", Elrohir said, as much to the horse as to Elladan, who was precariously sitting atop it. Elladan gave him a small smile in response, but it didn't fool either of them. It was all the elder twin could manage not to fall of the horse as they trudged wearily through the storm. The effect of the poison coursing through his veins was getting stronger by the minute. If only they hadn't lost Elladan's horse to the orcs, or if he had been faster and parried the blow of that orc scimitar… Elrohir sighed, so many things had gone wrong this day. And they were still a long way from home. -o0o- Estel ran over the courtyard squealing with delight. His little fingers tightly clutched a bunch of freshly baked honeycakes to his chest, which he had masterfully retrieved from the kitchen. Glorfy would be proud of him. He handed the sweet treats over to his trainer and partner in crime, with a satisfied smile. "You are getting ever better at this, young one", Glorfindel praised around a mouthful of the treat. "I'm sure that when the twins return you'll be able to sneak up on them without problem." It was the wrong thing to say, Glorfindel realized. Estel stopped eating his honey cake and stared at it forlornly before turning his huge eyes on the Balrog slayer. "Will Dan and Ro be back soon?" "I'm sure they will, tithen pen " the golden haired elf replied. "Your adar would know if something were wrong. And you know what would happen if he thought the twins were in danger, don't you?" "You would go and save them from whatever trouble they managed to find." Estel's eyes glinted with mischief as he repeated the words he had heard from Glorfindel so many times before. "Indeed I would, Estel. Now keep eating. You earned it, little warrior." Estel giggled at his teacher's antics and took another bite from his cake. Above them on the balcony Lord Elrond watched them silently. Occasionally he would glance in the direction of the Misty Mountains and the heavy snow laden clouds that were hanging over them. For a moment he wished that Vilya's power would reach far enough to keep the High Pass clear from snow a little longer, to grant his sons safe passage. But for now all he could do was keep the snow out of Imladris, to at least give them the chance of keeping their promise to Estel. -o0o- For once their luck had held, and it had not snowed further during the day. But even without fresh snow their journey remained arduous. Elrohir's horse kept sinking into the knee deep snow and was getting tired. And, Elrohir had to admit, so was he. He hadn't rested since they set out from the scene of the orc attack the day before yesterday, knowing that their only chance was to reach Imladris as soon as possible. He threw another worried glance at Elladan, willing his twin to hold on a little longer. Elladan had been annoyed with his fussing earlier during the day, but now his twin could hardly keep his eyes open, let alone complain. Darkness had fallen some time ago and without the light to guide him the path was getting treacherous. Or maybe that was just the lack of sleep catching up with him. They had made good progress throughout the evening though, and a few more miles would lead them to the edges of the mountain pass and flatter terrain. And, he hoped, snow-free lands. He looked back at Elladan, trying to decide which course of action to take: carry on and risk falling in the dark, or resting for the night and risk a worsening of Elladan's condition. Worry tugged at the younger twin's heart as he looked at his brother again. Elladan raised his head to meet his eyes and for a moment there was a strangely calm, yet weary acceptance in the other elf's gaze. "Ro", the name was barely a whisper on Elladan's lips, and the wind carried it away in an instant, but it was all the warning Elrohir got before his brother's fingers went limp around the reins of his horse and he fell. Elrohir barely had time to react and, for once, was grateful for the thick layer of snow that cushioned his brother's fall. He was at his side in an instant. "Elladan? Dan, can you hear me?" He gently lifted Elladan's head from the snow and tapped his cheek but there was no response. Checking for a pulse, Elrohir was relieved to find it steady beneath Elladan's pale and clammy skin. "I guess that means we must rest" Elrohir said to no one in particular, though his horse whinnied softly in acknowledgment. The animal silently moved into a position where its body would shield the twins somewhat from the harsh winds blowing up the mountain side. "Hannon le, my friend." Elrohir patted the nose of his horse affectionately as he removed their blankets from the saddle bags. He also fished out three apples for his horse, which were eagerly accepted. He sat down next to his twin and wrapped him tightly in the blanket, warding off the chill of the snow and wind. But besides keeping his twin warm there was little Elrohir could do, as their healing supplies had been lost in the orc attack. Or had they? Elrohir bit his lower lip thoughtfully. Elladan had expressly forbidden him from using his healing abilities, knowing the extent of energy it would drain from his younger brother. Elven healers generally acknowledged that it was impossible to use their healing abilities on oneself- and while they were not the same person, the bond the twins shared made healing each other a difficult task. It was a phenomenon that even Elrond couldn't quite explain. Not for the first time, Elrohir wished that his father would be with them. His healing abilities were unrivaled by any man or elf in Middle Earth. He would not have been foolish enough to lose his healing supplies in a simple skirmish. How reckless they had been. Movement from his brother tore Elrohir out of his self-incriminating thoughts. The older twin was shaking his head restlessly, his breathing coming in short strangled gasps. Elrohir put his hand on his brother's cheek in an attempt to calm him. But the frantic movements didn't still and Elrohir, mouth set in a grim line, made up his mind. Gently, he lifted his twin off his lap. Placing one hand on his brother's chest and the other on his forehead he closed his eyes firmly as he focused his energy on the bond they shared. The drain on his own energy was immediate and unexpected in its fierceness, a clear sign for how much Elladan's condition had deteriorated. Elrohir fought for control. He could feel the poison coursing through Elladan's veins like a dark entity, fighting the unwelcome invasion of elven healing energy and surging to face the intruder- to take Elrohir down as well. Fatigue and the continued drain of his own energy reserves made the younger twin lose the faint control he had on his healing trance. And, despite his best efforts, the black void that was the poison did not seem to abate. Instead the blackness pulsed like a living thing and spread, swallowing all light. With a distinct feeling of despair, Elrohir, too, lost consciousness. -o0o- Elrond's head shot up suddenly from the stocks of papers that he had, unsuccessfully, tried to focus on for the last few hours. "Elrohir", he mumbled faintly under his breath. "My lord?" With a start Elrond realized that he was not alone in his office. Erestor stood at his side and had gently placed a hand on his shoulder in silent support. "A vision?" He asked knowingly, hoping that whatever the elf had foreseen would not be too grim. But to his surprise Elrond shook his head faintly. "No, more of a faint feeling. But at least I know where they are now. Get Glorfindel, we will have to leave at once." Erestor nodded and was out the door in an instant. Making his way down the stairs faster than his normal sense of propriety should allow, he ran to the Hall of Fire. He paused only briefly outside the wide doors to smooth out his robes before he entered. As he had expected he found the golden haired seneschal eating a late dinner. He had spent most of the day watching after Estel while Elrond had made the half-hearted attempt to catch up on some paper work. Estel was in bed by now, but Erestor was reasonably sure that the foolish Captain of Imladris' defenses had taken care of his horse before he had thought to have his own dinner. "Glorfindel", Erestor didn't bother with any preamble. Glorfindel took one look at his friend and was on his feet in an instant. "The twins?" "Elrond has sensed something; he wants to set out at once." "I will gather a search party. Tell Elrond to meet me at the stables once he has assembled his healing supplies, we will have his horse ready to leave." Both elven lords left the hall in a hurry, knowing that there was no time to be spared. Glorfindel went to retrieve his sword before he left to