Hi! This is a huge break away from my usual stories, and I'm nervous about posting it. It came from the scene in BD2 where Marcus feels nothing but relief at his death. I researched as much as possible on the Volturi background, so please forgive any inaccuracies you find. Thanks so much to Geeky for looking over this for me. Girl makes my rockin' world go round. Time waits for no man. The saying was what convinced me there was no humanity left within me, that the venom had flooded and frozen my veins. No blood flowed through them, no heart to pump in my chest. There had been, once - but it felt like lifetimes ago. My heart had given up in the ways I wished I could. Time was frozen, and so was I, trapped by a body that refused to give up even though my mind had long ago. There were blissful, heavenly seconds where I would almost forget, when the hurt in my chest seemed like a scratch and not an open wound that refused to heal. But I always remembered, because there was no way to forget. Photographic memory had never seemed more like a curse than when I remembered her face. So pure, so perfect, so sweet. A cruel twist of fate that one driven by making others happy was tied by blood to one driven by power and greed. Didyme. Her name felt like being tied to a stake, tied and bound, waiting for the flame to hit my skin. I would have welcomed the fire. I would have felt relief at anything that defeated my immorality. But no flames flickered close enough to catch me, and so I lived each day burning from the inside out. I wished for an end to eternity, and in doing so it seemed the quicksand stopping the hands of the clock from turning just got deeper. Time had no meaning but that it meant another week, year, century without her. It seemed ironic that I didn't need to breathe to exist, for knowing I'd never feel the sweet touch of her lips against my own was sure to stop my lungs from working. My hands grew stiff and gnarled from the unnatural amount of time kept curled, but I refused to hold them straight, remembering the times her palm had slid against mine. Even the air kissing against it felt like a travesty, like a sick mockery of the comfort of touch she'd gifted me with. Instead I balled them tight and pressed them into the gold adorning the arms of my throne, vowing her touch would be the last I'd know. I spent so long in that chair that it felt like another skeleton. I watched streams of children and adults be brought before us. I would watch them be tortured, teased and killed, and still the pain of losing my mate was stronger than anything else. I fed only when I had to, taking sustenance from those killed for me by the guard. I looked into the eyes of each I drank blood from and wondered whether they'd felt love in their lifetime. I wondered who would miss them now that they were gone, whether there'd be a heartbroken partner weeping at a graveside in their honour, and the blood sliding down my throat would sour and curdle. The others made themselves kings, but I never wanted to rule. I wanted to live and love with my one. I wanted to spend a million years cherishing, adoring, worshipping. I wanted time. And now that I'd gotten it, I didn't want it at all, not without her. Instead I spent it with the man who'd ripped my dreams away for the sake of strengthening his own position, killing his own sister without a second thought. He had never admitted to it, but we both knew the order came from him. The first ten years after her death were a haze that not even the vampire mind could decipher. Aro had expected me to join with his plans when his sister was out of the way and my will had been stripped from me, but instead he was faced with a shell of a man who refused to do anything but stare at the stone walls surround ing him. When he acquired Chelsea, things changed. Many thought Jane's gift to be torturous, but Chelsea's proved sadistic. I felt bonds with the man who had killed my mate and torn her from me. I fought it and she pushed harder, and each ounce of love she implanted in me was met by five of self-hatred welling in my chest. My refusal to do more than the necessary tasks required of me was my final act of defiance, the only one I could wage. I did not fight when told of the situation with the Cullens, however. The trip to Forks was my first time leaving the castle in centuries. The immortal child drew me, for I remembered Didyme's horror upon learning of their executions. A small spark of the light living behind her eyes burned out that day, and I traveled to America knowing that if it came to it, I would stand against Aro and Caius. Chelsea's gift was strong, but the loss of my mate, the anguish of her death, was stronger. Centuries of missing her had given me time to let my hate grow into an acidic fury, ready to wipe out anyone who stood in my path. We arrived to find a snow-covered clearing The white was untouched, unblemished, just like Didyme had been. It was clean enough to drive out the dirt that resided within me, cleansing enough that the shackles of Chelsea's forged bonds seemed to fall away. I had been a good man once, worthy of the love of a better woman. It was time to rediscover that man. My chrysalis was coming to an end, and it was time for me to emerge from darkness and step back into light. I breathed for the first time in centuries, my breastbone aching with the effort of the forgotten movement. The crisp air tasted like a rebirth as it hit my tongue. I swallowed as my eyes rested upon Edward. I had seen so much of myself in him when he had begged for death and did what I wished I could have. Knowing he was alone in the world was unbearable for him, and he had only been without her mere hours. I'd wanted to call out to him, to ask him how he imagined hundreds of years alone felt, but I couldn't. I knew Aro would not let him die unless he was forced to, and I couldn't bring myself to inflict yet more pain on a man whose suffering was my own. Instead I had spoken while he kneeled before us on that marble floor, my raspy voice echoing around the circular space. I asked him whether there would be another, but the blank look of his eyes had told me all I needed to know. He was as dead inside as I was, and I felt an unexpected pang of compassion gather next to the jealousy at his freedom to seek death . I told Aro to let him die, that he was not of use to us, but he knew better. He locked red, narrowed eyes on me, and in that moment I saw that he could read all I'd tried to hide. Aro understood what it cost me to be by his side every day, how his proximity felt like being flayed. Then I realized I had made the worst mistake of all - that in speaking up for Edward, I had dropped my own guard. I had shown Aro and Caius how bitter I was, how broken inside by Didyme's loss still. That was when I knew I had to take the first chance I could to break free of them. The only chance, most likely, and I knew Forks was it. So while everyone else stood stiff, I kept my eyes trained on Edward. He moved closer to his Bella, curving his hand around hers like it was a reflex he didn't have to think on. My lips twitched, a strange sensation pulling at the muscles of my cheek. For the first time since Didyme died, I smiled. I would never know happiness, but he would. They would. Even if it was the last thing I did, I would give them the chance that had been stolen from Didyme and me. Aro's speech was predictably sensationalist , stirring up the witnesses with tales of how our kind would be discovered if we showed leniency to anyone who defied our rules. That no laws had been broken mattered not to him, especially when he was faced with the prize of the gifted vampires before him. I watched as the vampires on the other end of the clearing seethed and shook their heads, and I wondered how it was that Aro had stayed so powerful for so long. Looking around at the guard, I knew it was no more than his collection of gifted vampires that had allowed him to rule. I also knew that the opponents across from us were just as gifted, if not more so. Jasper had given us many problems in the past, and Emmett was matched only by Felix. There were vampires completely unknown to us, but the relationships between all the vampires w ere strong. The Cullens had gathered a group prepared to fight, and I knew we wouldn't leave without death occurring. I didn't miss the way Aro turned his head slightly to assure himself he was flanked by Jane and Alec. He tilted his head to the right slightly, and I watched as black smoke began to unfurl from Alec's hand. His power was called a gift, but it brought no happiness. The tendrils of thick smog spread across the clearing, their darkness blocking out the vivid white of the snow beneath. Wisps broke into branches that snaked their way toward the crowd, but before they could make contact, the soot-colored vapor gusted back up towards us like a tornado. With a snap of Alec's wrist, it was gone. "How?" Aro whispered. Even across the space between us, I saw the smirk curling Bella's lips. "Jane!" Aro snapped, and I watched the young girl come forward. She focused on Edward where he stood at the front of the group and twisted her head to the side. I waited for the screams of agony to reach my ears, but they never came. Jane switched her gaze to Bella, then to Carlisle and on to Esme, and each time they stood stoically. "How?" Aro said again, louder. My eyes landed back on Bella. Her eyebrows were drawn together tight, her mouth pinched as she focused hard. Jane continued to try to maim, but no one shifted even an inch, like they didn't even feel the attack. "It can't be," Caius muttered, shaking his head beneath the hooded robe. I saw it, then - the lines of protection binding each of the vampires across from of us to Bella, wrapping around her family and friends like... "A shield," Aro breathed. I felt a flutter of something in my chest, even though it was impossible. For the first time in over a millenium, I felt hope. "We will have to fight, brother," Caius said lowly, ever bloodthirsty. He stepped forward, but Aro's hand shot out to land on his chest. "Remember our position, Caius!" he hissed. I knew he was referring to the number of the guard who relied on their gifts in order to protect them. Staring across to the Cullens' supporters, it was clear the Volturi were outnumbered, outskilled and outdone. "We cannot seem weak," Caius retorted. I took my chance. "I agree," I said as loudly as