This is the first one shot I am trying. Give it a shot you will love it. I dedicate this story to my 7 wonders who thought me friendship. Also this is my gift to my twin friends vani veni. Each of your review will be a good wish for me. Try and tell me your opinion. Have a happy read! BPOV: "Alice has gone already?" "Yes Bella. She wanted to say goodbye. But this will be easier." "She is my friend. You are.. you are my.. my" "We are moving Bella." He stopped in front of me and sighed. The look on his eyes changed. He leant down and kissed my forehead. "Take care". "Edwarddddddddddddddddddd…" I am running into the forest shouting for him. Suddenly a red eyed monster came in front of me. "Laurent". "Edward doesn't love you and Alice is not your friend. The cullens don't care for you anymore" he leant his head and came near my neck to suck my blood. "Noooo. Edward and Alice are back. They will find you" "They don't care Bella" "No. Edwarrrrrdddd. Aliceeeeee Edward Edward Alice Edward" "Bella.. Bella .. Bella wake up. Bella I am here. You are safe. Bella.." I opened my eyes finally to look at a terrified Alice. "Bella. Are you ok? Bad dream? Are you fully awake now?" my breathing was laboured. Alice was circling my head superfast. It hurts my head. I wanted to ask her not to move. "I am not moving Bella. It is your head. You are having a panic attack over your dream. Please Bella take deep breaths" I took few breaths. It is still hard. I hate that I am getting this weak. Ever since we came back from volturi I am getting panic attack even if Edward leaves me for a second. Sometimes I get panic attack over bad memories or dreams. Carlisle told we can control this only slowly. But I can't be alone. Edward never leaves my side. If he has to go then Alice will come. "Alice let me breath." She released me from her tight hug. "What happened?" "It is just a very bad dream." "Bad dream or bad memories?" I paled at her question. "me. Huh.. Dreams Alice. You know humans sleep and dream." I tried to lie. But of course I blushed. I don't want to tell Alice or Edward about all those things I faced while they were gone. I know all the Cullens feel bad for leaving. But Edward and Alice were pretty much taking all the blame on themselves. They feel guilty. I can't see Alice's face dull. She is born to be animated. Edward will look as though he was burnt alive whenever the subject erupts. Also I might get another panic attack thinking about it. I am now in Cullen's home till the school semester starts. Carlisle has managed to talk to Charlie though Charlie is not willing to let me stay in the same house with Edward he knows it is better for me to have a doctor at home and with his favourite Alice pouting at him telling him that he should trust her to take care of his daughter my poor old father didn't have a chance. "Bella." "hmm?" "Sorry Bella. I know what we did is unforgivable. Charlie told me how bad it was. But I know even he doesn't know the full story. Sorry I wasn't there for you. Sorry that I let my idiot of brother to take that decision." I just hugged her "its okay Alice. You thought the best." "No Bella. I know it is a stupid idea from the beginning. It will kill us to lose our mate." I flinched at this. "Sorry Bella. Sorry I didn't stop this. Sorry I didn't protect you from the pain. Sorry that I wasn't a good friend." "Alice.." "Sorry Bella" I was getting edgy. How many times will she say sorry. "Alice leave it." "will you forgive me?" "only if you promise me something." "What is that?" "You shouldn't tell Edward about this." "but surly he knows Bella. He is with you every night remember." Edward never leaves me. I don't get any bad dreams when he is around. But I suspect he knows that if he leaves me even for a minute those memories come back. He asked me once but I told I just missed him. But I didn't fool him. That is exactly why Alice is babysitting me tonight. He has postponed his hunting as long as he can. I have to literally push him out. He was soo worried. Not that my pushing had any physical effect but he got my point. "I don't get those when he is around Alice" I was smiling like a goof now. This brought a smile to her face. "Ooo I see. Then fine I won't tell him." Suddenly her face changed "Oooo nooo" I was getting paranoid. Why did I make Edward leave. No actually it is good he is not here. He is not in danger. But Alice. "Alice wha" Then I heard his voice. "What you won't tell me?" he pouted but I can see the underlying anger. I think Alice is hiding it. "Edward. you gave me a heart attack." Next second I was in his arms he kissed my forehead and then lips slowly. Even I could hear my heart by now. He took me in his lap and put his head over my heart. He closed his eyes a small smile playing on his lips. He looked like he was listening to his favourite music. He sure knows how to stop me from getting paranoid. Someone clearing throat. Edward looked annoyed. Ooo Alice is there. I turned to look at her with a smile. "What is it you are hiding from me Alice?" "You can't expect to know all my thoughts Edward." "I can expect as I know it is related to Bella." "How do you know it is about Bella?" "I am not stupid Alice. I am a vampire remember. I heard you promise her. 'I won't tell him Bella'" he mimicked her voice. "I told I won't tell him not tell Edward." she told him with an annoyed look. "Then what were you telling?" "Edward. you are being nosy." "Bella I can't let anything about you easily. I don't do the same mistake twice." He yelled and then froze. "Edward what happened?" I was caressing his face. He had that look of pain in his face when makes him look like his soul was burning. "Edward" I called again. I will gladly walk to volturi rather than see my Edward in this pain. Tears started glistening in my eyes. My head started spinning again. "Edward" my voice cracked. Terror filled me. I was shaking so hard. This brought him back. He looked at me. Hugged me tightly in his strong arms. It is a wonder my bones didn't brake yet. He kissed my forehead, eyes, cheeks. I was slowly getting out my terror. It is difficult to feel bad when I was safely inside Edward's strong embrace. "Bella sorry bella. I am really sorry. Please forgive me. I will never leave you love." He kissed me again. "I love you more than anything Bella." "I love you too Edward." I looked up wearily at Alice. I know she has told him. only that could have brought Edward to this. Everytime I have a panic attack he will have his own too Edward style. I started laughing suddenly and Edward and Alice shared a panicked look which made me laugh twice hard. "Bella" Edward called to me softly. I was clutching to him to stop myself from falling. I was about to tell him and Alice started laughing seeing my answer which made me laugh again. Edward was clutching and pulling his hair with one of his hands which wasn't around me in frustration. He looked so cute. I smiled at him softly as I controlled myself. I sighed softly looking at his perfect features. "are you finished?" will you tell me now?" "Yeah Yeah we know you have to know everyone's thought mind reader." Alice said teasingly. He pulled out his tongue at Alice. Silly cute boy. Then he looked at me. Oo god does he ever leave a matter. He must have became very nosy being a mind reader. "It is just that every time I get a panic attack you get your own Edward style." He mock glared at me. "Tell him the next line Bella." Alice was still in histerics. "I just thought Carlisle would have got to get another bed for you in hospital if you were a human. Though it will be difficult to get you in bed. " "oo you think it is funny Bella. Me in hospital bed." He pouted. I don't know who he learnt that from me or Alice. But he is excellent in it. Best pouting award goes to Mr. Edward Cullen. Can't he be simple even in pouting? "it is an imaginary attack so it is funny" "but you are the one who can give a vampire heart attack just by tripping over thin air." Ok. It is my turn to blush and pout. But it wasn't effective as I started yawning. Alice quickly said good bye and went to her room. Edward took me in his arms and gently laid me in his bed. He is always so careful with me like I am made of glass. When I complained about this he told I am like a flower next to him. He tucked me in and lied down next to me over the sheets unfortunately. Though today he came very close to me. Generally he just holds me. But today as I put my head over his chest he wrapped his arms tightly around my waist and his other hand was stroking my hair and face. I don't think I can sleep. My heart was racing. He chuckled and I felt the vibrations in my body as mine was nestled next him. "Sleep Bella." He kissed me lightly on the forehead. "It is difficult now" "Why?" his voice was innocent but I know better. I can see his well hidden smirk. I played along. "May be I am not comfortable" his face looked like I had slapped him and he immediately pulled away. I was not prepared for that. "Noooo" I could feel my panic raising. Next second I was in same position as before in my Edward's arm. "Shh bella. Its okay. Relax." "Sorry I was just playing" he smiled and started singing my lullaby and I drifted off to sleep. When I woke up I heard few people talking rather Edward whisper shouting at someone. I didn't mean it evesdrop. But when I catched my name I was curious. I didn't move. "she is not pathetic or weak Rose. You know this is because of you too." "I still feel bad for what I did Edward but I don't think she can keep having attack for this long. How long you think you all are going to baby her." "As long as she needs Rose. Never forget she is in this state because she loves us all" I heard Alice. Yeah I know I am being a pain to them. "She is really weak that squirt." Emmett "She already feels guilty for staying here. She thinks by being here she is causing us trouble also she is afraid to be away from Edward. I think she is terrified you are going to disappear if she leaves you for a second. Ahhh. Edward please control. I can't take that much pain" "Poor darling we have put her through too much." Ever concerned Esme. "she is going on the right track. She was very closed up initially which will just increase her stress but now she is opening up bit