Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Thank you, Fran, for getting this ready and back to me so quickly. You're amazing and I can always count on you. This was my entry for the Straight Through the Heart contest. Thank you to all of you who read and/or left a review to let me know that you enjoyed it. Palm trees, sand and salty air. That had been the plan. I should be lying on a beach right now, surrounded by beautifully tanned bodies and the roar of the surf. Moreover, I'd be sipping something from a fat glass with a little paper umbrella sticking out of the side. That was the plan. Before Alice. She spent the better half of the last year begging me to come to Seattle, especially when I accidentally let it slip that I was being offered a position with a small internet publishing company that was located less than a mile from her office. She was beside herself with excitement at the possibility that we might once again be living close to one another. I was beside myself with humiliation. Alice had lured me here with a promise of helping me find a place to live. She neglected to mention that our ten-year high school reunion would also bring to town everyone that I had spent years trying to forget. That's how I found myself sitting in the hotel bar, drowning my sorrows in a mixture of coconut rum and pineapple juice in a fat glass. Without the umbrella. My reflection in the mirror behind the bar revealed a woman who had spent the last few years clawing her way to the middle of her field. Nothing special or exemplary. Just an average editor with an average clientele. To the outside observer, I would be unremarkable. A plain, brown-eyed brunette with a small frame and almost non-existent cleavage in a red sweater and jeans. But my red patent leather heels were kick-ass. I suppose it says something about me that I consider my best feature to be a pair of shoes that I paid way too much money for last year. Tomorrow would see the arrival of my high school classmates; more of them than I ever wanted to see again in this life. I'd kept in touch with anyone I really cared about. Well, there was one exception. Edward Cullen. I'd had a crush on Edward since freshman year. He was the most gorgeous boy I'd ever seen, athletic, funny, and unbearably sweet. In the fall of our senior year, he asked me out and we became the "it" couple. Everyone envied our relationship and every girl wanted to be me. If they only knew. Edward was great. He never cheated or treated me poorly; he was just too focused on his accomplishments. If it wasn't whatever current sport he was playing, it was photography. He had an incredible eye behind the camera lens and spent hours perfecting his shots. I was the convenient girlfriend; always willing to be with him when he had a few minutes to spare and always nearby since my best friend was his sister. Alice. We never talked about him. That was intentional. It wasn't that I was angry about the way things ended between us. It was amicable. We both wanted to pursue our education and careers, and although I never said it out loud, I wanted a boyfriend that loved me more than his camera. I saw him twice during our first couple of years of college, but not once since then. Alice said he'd been freelancing for years now and that he had seen most of the world, good and bad. I'd seen hundreds of his photos in magazines, newspapers, and on Alice's walls. He'd sent her the most stunning picture of the Eiffel Tower at dusk. It had arrived hours before her wedding with a telegram begging her forgiveness for his inability to attend. He was stranded in some tiny, remote country that had been flooded and the only airport runway had been left underwater. He was my only regret. Not because he was the 'one that got away' , but because he was in my life at a time when neither of us was ready for the other and we never had a chance to see what we might become. "Hey pretty lady; can I buy you a drink?" I didn't even glance up from what was left of the yellow liquid in my glass. "No, thank you." "Well, how about we-" "I'm not interested." I shifted on my stool to indicate that any further attempt was unwelcome and apparently the faceless stranger got the hint. I wasn't trying to be a bitch. On the contrary, I was trying to spare him from my bitchy attitude that was sure to come later, once the liquid warmth was gone and I was once again left feeling lonely and cynical. For now, I wanted to bask in the memories of a teenage girl and the hopes and dreams she had for the future. With or without her one regret. I felt the seat beside me shift once again and hoped he wouldn't be a persistent jerk. He didn't say anything but tapped his fingers on the bar, gaining the attention of the bartender. I never heard him order but within a couple of minutes a beer appeared on the bar and another fat glass of coconut rum and pineapple juice replaced my nearly empty one. When I lifted my eyes to question him about it, the bartender shifted his eyes to my left and then back to me, smiling as he walked away. "Look," I began, pressing my palms to the top of the bar, using the leverage to turn toward him as I spoke. "I said I'm … not interested." The words slowed and died as they crossed my lips. Edward Cullen, in all of his glory, sat beside me with his beer held aloft, a wicked grin on his face. "So I heard." He tipped the bottle, taking a small sip before tilting his head back over his right shoulder. "Poor guy slithered off into the corner with his tail between his legs. How are you, CW?" CW. Crazy Woman. It had been his nickname for me all those years ago. I was the only girl in our circle of friends that had the guts to join the boys in their insanity. Cliff diving when we took summer trips to the beach, racing motorcycles on back roads at midnight, defying any of the rules my dad, aka the police chief of our town, or anything else they could think of to challenge my courage. It had earned me a great amount of respect in their eyes and the admiration of my adventurer boyfriend. I smiled widely at what I considered a term of endearment and shook my head. "I'm good. How's life treating you, Flash?" Edward chuckled at my use of his nickname. It was the obvious choice for him; he was a photographer, after all. However, the not so well-known reason for that particular moniker was earned when he lost a bet to Tyler Crowley a week after graduation. Because of that loss, he had to streak across the screen at the drive-in movie on a busy Friday night. After all of the calls, I was sure my dad had his suspicions but he was never able to prove it. It wasn't until after we had all graduated from college and Edward was somewhere in the remote mountains of China before I 'fessed up' to the police chief about the whole thing. "I can't complain." He took another sip of his beer. "God, how long has it been, Bella? Six years? Seven?" "Eight." His vibrant green eyes held mine for what felt like hours before he spoke softly. "Seems like yesterday." His quiet voice and those piercing eyes seemed to wrap around me like a warm blanket. Taking a deep breath, I looked away, smiling to myself as I tried not to think about how easy it would be to fall back into that eighteen-year-old mindset. Clearing my throat, I turned my face back toward him but kept my eyes on my drink. "So, you're in town for the reunion?" "Not exactly. I moved back to Seattle last year. I missed my family and New York was just too busy for me, so the decision was an easy one. How about you? Alice said you're considering moving back." "Maybe." Realization struck at that moment. "Did Alice tell you I was staying here?" "No." He didn't elaborate, but his eyes were full of humor as he tipped his bottle. After swallowing, he met my eyes with a broad smile. "Tyler's staying here. We were supposed to meet for dinner but Lauren found out and well, I guess old habits die hard." "Ah. So you got dumped for the old girlfriend." "Yep. But now my evening's looking up. Have dinner with me?" He tossed a wad of cash on the bar and held out his hand. "You're lying!" I was laughing so hard I could barely catch my breath. Edward held up his hand as though he were being sworn in. "I swear it's the truth! There were six of them, each carrying these long sticks with the sharpest damn points I've ever seen. I had both arms wrapped around my camera to hold it secure against my chest and I was running faster than Usain Bolt . When I got to the river, I jumped in a boat, that I shit you not, looked like a banana peel, and started paddling. When I got far enough from shore that I felt safe, I stopped paddling and caught my breath. It was only then that I saw the bucket in the boat and realized the damn thing was taking on water! I spent the next hour paddling and bailing water, hoping like hell that I wouldn't sink into a river full of crocodiles." By the time he finished his story, Edward was laughing almost as hard as I was and handed me his napkin to wipe my eyes. We had been reminiscing in the hotel restaurant for hours about where our lives had taken us and all that we'd done over the years since we'd last seen one another. Edward had me laughing one minute and on the verge of tears the next. His life had certainly been anything but dull. I, on the other hand, seemed to have had all my adventures before we ever graduated high school. God, how I envied that life. "You don't have to." "What?" I was confused. "You don't have to envy it." I sucked in a sharp breath. "Did I say that out loud?" He laughed, his wide smile causing his eyes to crinkle in that way that would always steal my breath. "Yes, you did. But you don't have to, Bella. All of life is an adventure just waiting to happen. Say the word, and I'll get you outfitted for my next trip." "And where will that be?" "I don't know yet, but I can promise that it will be incredible. It always is." I watched his face as he glanced around the room, wondering what it must be like to live that kind of life. New places, new people, and nothing ever the same through his lens. Carefree was a good look on him. Hell, it was a great look on him. He was as beautiful as he ever was. Even more so now that his boyish charm had transformed into masculine elegance. His body had filled out, the angles and lines now hard and defined. But it was his eyes. Those green eyes that were full of life and light. The way they saw the world around him was extraordinary and it drew me