Sadly, I own nothing. So ... this was my entry for the Under the Mistletoe contest back in December. I know it's been forever, but my laptop crashed right after Thanksgiving and we just couldn't revive it. It was ancient though, and needed to be put out of it's misery (and mine!). Anyway, I finally bought a new one and got caught up on my editing for my RL job, and I'm back! I'm about 2000 words into the next chapter of He Came Along (for those of you who haven't given up on me), but I thought I'd post this since it was already complete. It won in the Best Romance/Swoon category, and I couldn't be more thrilled. First thing I ever won with my writing! Of course, I couldn't have done it without my beta, Sunflower Fran. She's the best, and I look forward to working with her again very soon! November 27 – Thanksgiving "Hey." Bella glanced over her shoulder, watching as Edward carefully balanced two steaming cups in his left hand while closing the door behind him with his right. The soft 'click' of the latch sounded extraordinarily loud on the quiet deck as she watched him deftly transfer one of the cups to his now empty right hand while moving toward her. Resting his arms on the balustrade, Edward followed her eyes to the tree line behind his parents' house. They stood in silence, enjoying the sensory overload of the season … The crisp, late fall air. The sound of dry leaves fluttering along the ground in the light wind. The bare trees seem to be glowing gray in the moonlight, against the backdrop of evergreen pine trees. The feeling of a full belly, surrounded by those you love. Bella sniffed, the cold air making her shiver. Turning to glance at Edward, her eyes dropped to his hands. "Did you bring one of those for me?" Edward kept his eyes on the trees as he lifted one of them to his lips, smirking as he held it there. "Nope. These are both mine. Needed something to keep my hands warm. It's cold as hell out here." He took a sip and lowered the cup, keeping the smirk in place. "Hot," she said without thinking. "Excuse me?" He was looking at her with that cocky sideways grin, and she knew what was coming next. Of course, like always, she played along. "Hot as hell." "Thank you." She shook her head, grinning and holding her hand out for the cup. "How about using the gloves I know are stuffed in your pocket and giving me my coffee?" He handed her the cup and wrapped both of his hands around his own, watching as she took a tentative sip. "Bailey's?" "Is there any other way to drink coffee after gorging yourself on Thanksgiving turkey?" Bella smiled up at him, and turned to lean back against the railing and watch the rest of the Cullen family through the wall of windows that bordered the deck. Alice caught the movement from the corner of her eye and glanced up, smiling briefly at Bella before turning back to the notebook and sales ads in her hands. "They're planning your demise, you know?" Edward had turned and now mirrored her position, his cup still resting in his left hand as his elbows rested on the wooden railing behind him. "Death by Black Friday shopping," she shook her head and took another sip. "It won't be so bad." Edward looked at her with no small amount of surprise. "You hate crowds. And shopping." Bella shook her head; her eyes watching Esme and Alice place their hands on Rosalie's rounded belly. The baby girl she was expecting had been active and kicking all day. "I hate shopping for me . I don't mind shopping for others. Besides, it makes Alice happy." Edward was watching Bella, noticing the wistful look on her face as she observed his family. He leaned closer, just enough so that their arms brushed against one another. "What would make you happy, Bella?" He was asking, hoping to plan an activity for the weekend that she might enjoy. He certainly wasn't expecting her quiet answer. "I want to have a baby." Like some cliché in a romantic comedy, Edward coughed, caught off guard by her words with a mouth full of Bailey's infused coffee. Dark caramel colored drops spewed out and onto his wool coat. He wiped his chin and mouth with his free hand. "Bella, I … I don't … uh …" She watched him sputter for a moment before she offered a sad smile and took a deep breath. "Sorry, I shouldn't have just blurted that out. I don't mean that I want a baby right now. I want …" she fixed her eyes on the three couples inside the house. "I want that. I want to fall in love and be loved in return. I want to snuggle up on the couch on Christmas morning and watch our children open their gifts. I don't like being the odd girl out at holidays, or anytime else. I don't want to be alone anymore." Her voice had grown increasingly quiet as she spoke until the last word was barely a whisper. However, Edward had heard it loud and clear. If he hadn't been expecting her answer, he was entirely unprepared for the way it made him feel. That she felt alone and possibly unloved gutted him. "Bella, you're not alone. If you hadn't noticed, I'm not coupled up either. If you're the odd girl out, then I'm the odd man out." She shook her head, "It's different. You'll always be 'in' because this is your family. I'm just a –" "Don't you dare finish that sentence." She looked up at him, finally hearing the frustration in his voice. His jaw was set and he was almost glaring at her. "You've always been a part of this family, Bella Swan. I can't even remember a time I didn't know you." He took the cup from her hand and placed it, along with his own, on the top of the railing. Grasping her hands, he turned her to face him, the cold making their breath visible between them as he held her gaze. "If my mother heard you say that, it would devastate her. My father, too. You're family, Bella." He was so earnest and his voice held such intensity, she couldn't help but believe him. It was already something she knew, she just felt so alone lately that it seemed to block out everything else. "Does this have anything to do with the plans your parents have for Christmas?" She had always spent Christmas with one parent or the other, until this year. Her mother had remarried almost eight years ago, right after Bella graduated from high school. Phil, her stepfather, had played for the Texas Rangers for years before retiring to Florida where he'd met Renee and they'd settled down to a happy life near the beach. They had spent every other Christmas with Bella and traveled during the holidays she spent with her dad. Until this year. They'd decided they wanted to spend Christmas in Europe and had encouraged Bella to try something new as well. Of course, her first call had been to her dad. Charlie Swan had married Sue Clearwater over Labor Day weekend and Bella wasn't all that surprised to learn that they planned to spend Christmas with Sue's daughter, Leah, and her family in Wyoming. It was also no surprise to learn that the Cullens already knew about her father's plans before she had arrived in Forks to spend Thanksgiving with them. Forks was a small town and her father was the chief of police here for the past fifteen years. Carlisle Cullen being the chief of staff at the local hospital meant that there was very little in town that wasn't common knowledge among the Swan and Cullen households. Bella gave Edward a rueful smile. "No, but it has everything to do with the fact that I'm getting closer to thirty with every breath and no matter how many blind dates Alice sets me up with, it never works out. So, I'm pretty sure the likelihood of every guy in the Pacific Northwest being a loser is a lot less than the possibility that it's just me." The look of indignant horror on Edward's face made her smile as she stepped away from the balustrade and tugged him along with her. "Come on, it's cold and I want to have a say in where we shop tomorrow." Edward allowed Bella to pull him back into the house, but knew that deep down, she probably wasn't kidding. She smiled and interacted with his family, but there was something in her eyes that he'd seen on occasion, but recognized fully now. Bella was lonely. In the end, the women had decided there was nothing they wanted badly enough to get up at four a.m. and fight the crowds for. They choose instead to enjoy breakfast with the men and head out in the middle of the morning. This way, they could enjoy the rush of holiday shopping without the stress of being tired or the risk of being run over by rabid bargain hunters. Edward hadn't been able to sleep, his thoughts on Bella and the vulnerable way she'd shared herself with him. So somewhere in the early morning hours, he decided a distraction was in order and pulled on his cotton pajama pants before leaving his room to find a book or a DVD in the family room. He was just a few steps from the landing at the top of the stairs when he heard it. It was a sound he recognized immediately. He'd heard it coming from the family room when his parents comforted an eight-year-old Bella, whose mother had just packed up her things and left. He'd heard it through Alice's bedroom door two days after Prom when Tyler Crowley broke up with a devastated Bella after she'd given him her virginity on the night of the dance. He'd heard it about a year ago when he, Alice, Jasper, Emmett and Rose had all gone to Bella's house after her golden retriever, Molly, had been fatally hit by a car. Charlie had given the puppy to Bella when she graduated with honors from UDub, and Molly had been her constant companion ever since. Edward knew that sound well. It was the sound of Bella's heart breaking once again. He didn't even stop to consider what he was doing as he opened the door and shut it soundlessly behind him. He quickly crossed to the bed, pulled back the comforter and slid in behind Bella's shaking form. He pulled her close, wrapping his arms around her and whispering softly in her ear. "I'm here, Bella. You're not alone." Feeling the warmth and comfort of Edward's arms, Bella turned to face him, pressing her face into the crook of his neck as she tried to stop the tears and the trembling. Edward tightened his hold, stroking her hair softly. If asked, neither of them could have said how it happened or who had made the initial contact, but it seemed both were powerless to stop it. Edward was sure it began with him. When Bella's sobs had subsided, he tilted his head for a better look at her face and was met with those beautiful, large brown eyes that were now glossy with the remnants of her tears. But it was her lips ... those softly parted, trembling lips that were his undoing. In one moment, his hand cupped her cheek; his thumb brushing away the wetness from under her eye, and in the next, his mouth covered hers. Hesitant and timid at first, his lips stilled with the shock of what he was doing. Until Bella responded. When she moved to kiss him