MIXTAPE Rating: M Synopsis: "Harry, it's Hermione. If you listen to this tape then my parents are dead and I'm missing. I'm stuck in the US with a new name and no wand and somehow Malfoy's here, too. He watches me, I think. Maybe he's trying to kill me, I'm not sure, but if you get this tape then something has happened to me. Just listen to the tape, Harry." Prompt : #24: AU- traveling to the Americas to hide from Voldemort's control, two unlikely teens are forced to work together to survive. Writer: xxxkia Author's Note: Welcome to my entry for the Strictly Dramione Spring Fest Exchange 2017 . Despite it being Spring, it turned out rather dark, so please read the Warnings before you start reading. I have to admit that I was inspired to write this after I finished Thirteen Reasons Why but it will be nothing like that story, I only adopted the idea of recording a tape. The story is technically a two-parter, similar to the two sides of a cassette tape. Make sure to turn the tape around after you finish the first side ;-) The timeline of the story is set from the summer of '97 until summer of '98. That means that it starts in the summer between 6th and 7th Year and that it ends a few weeks after the final battle. Please note that 6th Year ended in mid July. Hermione wanted to obliviate her parents in mid-July and therefore returned home. After that she planned on going back to the Burrow from where she wanted to help relocate Harry before his birthday. As she never made it to the Burrow from her parent's house, the events following Harry's relocation happen without Hermione. Due to that, Ron never left Harry during the Horcrux hunt. Everything will become more clear in the story. Thanks to my betas WinterWillows and naarna ! Disclaimer: I own nothing. Warnings: Kidnapping, Torture, Self-Harm, Graphic Description of Violence/Self-Harm, Graphic Description of Sexual Situations, Harsh Language, Attempts of Murder, Men Hunt. Words: 33 154 Table of Contents: 1: A-Side 2: Eject and Turn 3: B-Side [Recovered and Rewound] 4: Off the Record 5: Bonus Tracks Chapter 1: A-Side Harry Potter couldn't believe it. He won the war, he beat Voldemort. Voldemort was dead! Sitting on the debris in the courtyard, Harry stared into nothingness while those thoughts rushed through his head. Hogwarts had been attacked and they had fought until the end. And now everything was over. Harry heard some cheers coming from the Great Hall and he turned his head slightly to look towards it. He looked around himself. Hogwarts was broken, they were broken but they probably would heal. Hopefully. Broken stones and glass littered the courtyard. There was smoke and ash in the air and Harry lifted his head towards the sky. He was finally able to breathe. "Harry?" The black-haired wizard turned his head and saw his best friend stumble towards him, face full of dried blood and frowning. "Hey mate," Harry said as Ron came closer. "I missed you in there. You were suddenly gone, so I went looking. Don't run out on me like that." Ron scolded and Harry nodded. He had just left because Ron had been with his family and he hadn't wanted to interrupt their moment. "What you thinking about?" Ron asked further and finally leant against the piece of rock Harry was sitting on. He groaned from the effort. "What do you think?" Harry mumbled and kicked a stone away. "All this celebrating, it's great. You can't imagine how happy I am that he is gone but I just can't stop thinking about her." "Hermione's fine," Ron tried to convince him but he didn't really believe it himself. "Wherever she is. I bet she fought her way through it like we did. She killed Nagini after all!" "But why hasn't she returned yet? She's been missing for almost a year now. The only contact we had was when Voldemort grew weak enough, so I got into his head when Nagini was killed. I heard him talk about how he tried to hide the snake overseas but the 'Mudblood' had found her and killed her. We don't even know if he was talking about her , if the 'Mudblood' that killed Nagini really was Hermione." Harry turned to face Ron, wanting some kind of response, but Ron didn't have one. Last year, between the summer of Sixth and Seventh Year, Hermione had returned to her home for a few days, so she could Obliviate her parents and keep them safe. She was only supposed to be gone for two days, then she would go to the Burrow from where they would prepare the mission to pick up Harry before his 17th birthday. But during the first night, the Granger house had been attacked by Death Eaters and when the Aurors appeared, the house was in flames and the only two bodies in there belonged to Hermione's parents. There was no trace of Hermione and at first they thought that she had made it out, that she was hiding somewhere and meeting them later on. But she never showed up. And when they went to pick up Harry, she wasn't there and then they waited at the Burrow but she didn't show up there either. After Bill and Fleur's wedding, Ron and Harry had to flee and they went on the run to search for Horcruxes. Without Hermione. Months passed and there was not one sign of life. And slowly, everyone lost hope. They had first thought that the Death Eaters, who attacked her home had taken her with them, but they never received a message. She never was used as bait or to taunt them. Even when Ron and Harry were kidnapped at Malfoy Manor, there was no trace of her. Bellatrix was vicious but Harry thought that if they held her somewhere captive that Bellatrix would have used that moment to gloat about it. There was a moment in January, when Harry receive a vision of Voldemort grieving about Nagini and being in rage about her death. Harry knew that Voldemort had an unhealthy obsession with the snake and that's when he realised that she had been a Horcrux as well. And that somebody had killed her. If it was an accident or if the someone knew that she was a Horcrux stayed a mystery. Ron first thought that it was a trick like the time with Sirius, just to make them believe Nagini was gone and when Harry would fight Voldemort in the end, believing he destroyed all the Horcruxes, Voldemort would tell them that they hadn't. But Harry knew that it was genuine, he had felt it somehow. Nagini was dead and they were one destroyed horcrux closer to their win. He hadn't been able to see, who did it. But the term Mudblood fell and somehow, Harry had hoped that it was Hermione and that wherever she was, she was still alive and helping him win this war. That's what he believed and that's what kept him going. He had wished that she had showed up for the battle suddenly, fighting side to side with him but the vision with Nagini had been the last one, if it even was her, and in the end, Harry slowly believed that he might have been wrong about his assumption. "Any word about Malfoy?" Harry then asked and looked up. Ron shook his head. "His parents are close to having a stroke. They're asking everyone inside if they have seen their son. Apparently after failing to kill Dumbledore, Voldemort had some sort of special mission for Draco and since then, they haven't seen or heard from him again. They only followed Voldemort to the battle because he told them that Draco would be at Hogwarts. When they realised that he wasn't, oh boy, you should have seen their reactions. I was standing close by when one of the Death Eaters told them that Voldemort had stalled them for this whole year to keep them in his ranks and be able to use their Manor as his lair. He laughed at them for being so gullible and said that Draco has probably been dead for months. Lucius exploded him before he was able to finish the sentence. Exploded him, Harry! I mean it was completely wicked, even I have to admit that. And I didn't even hear him mutter a curse. Just like that, boom!" "Yes, just like that." "Anyway, Shacklebolt was talking to them when I left to find you. Because they helped out in the end, their sentences will be lessened and they might be spared from Azkaban. I mean, Narcissa saved Fred's life. But because nobody knows where Draco is and what he might have done, it will be hard to get him out of a sentence as well. If he's still alive that is. They will interview the captured Death Eaters to find out more. They'll also ask about Hermione." Ron rattled on and Harry wondered how long he had been sitting out here already and where Ron had got all this information from. "But I think that we should all go home first, Mum said-," "I really don't care, Ron." Harry hissed back and instantly felt bad about it. He had to push Hermione out of his mind during the battle to keep himself from being distracted but now that he had the freedom to think again, she was instantly back in his thoughts. "I'm sorry," Harry apologized and finally got up from his rock. "Let's get back inside, I think I need to see some more familiar faces." Ron nodded wordlessly and shoulder to shoulder they walked back into the Great Hall to celebrate their win. They all returned to the Burrow that night, exhausted, bloodied and bruised. They needed sleep and food and medical attention. But nobody could sleep and so it came that the whole Weasley family and Harry were sitting around the kitchen table and nobody said a word. They all just were. Harry was about to force himself to break the silence and tell everyone to go to bed, when there suddenly was a loud bang and then something dropped in his lap while the kitchen started to smell like sulfur. The sound had made everyone jump up and draw their wands out of habit. For a moment they thought that the war wasn't over but when nothing happened, they all settled down again. "What's this?" Harry asked, holding up the small parcel, which was wrapped in brown paper. His name was written on the front and he instantly recognized Hermione's handwriting. There were more symbols written on the paper and Harry handed the parcel over to Mr Weasley and Bill, who leant closer to get a look. "That parcel was put under a bequest charm. I recognize the symbol from a Dark Arts book," Bill answered as his father paled. "What's a bequest charm?" Harry asked confused. "It's a charm that lets someone bequest something to someone else in case something happens to them. It's actually illegal to use it because nowadays a Ministry worker needs to take care of a testament and perform it. You put the bequest charm on an object and when you die or are in grave danger of dying, the charm activates itself and will send the object to the recipient. People sometimes use it to inform others of their death, like they put the charm on their actual testament and put their lawyer as recipients and when they die, the testament goes immediately to the lawyer. This way the remaining family can't forge the testament or destroy it. But the charm itself is complicated. You need to gather ingredients, some of them are illegal, brew a potion and then use the potion to bind the charm to the object with the