Title: Intended Author: xxxkia Rating: T Pairing: Draco/Hermione Prompt #13: "Hate you? I'm in love with you, you stupid bint!" Synopsis: Draco's intention was to tell Hermione his feeling by Valentine's Day. He had a speech and all; it was a cheesy, funny, heartfelt and disgustingly romantic but it was the perfect speech and he had been rehearsing it for months now. But what came out in the end was "I'm in love with you, you stupid bint!" and well, there went that planned speech… A/N: Thanks to my betas, SKDMHG and Dramione84 ! I don't own anything! This was written for the Strictly Dramione Valentine's Fest on Facebook! Enjoy :D Strictly Dramione Valentine's Fest 2017 Intended by xxxkia Valentine's Day, Leaky Cauldron Draco was frowning while nursing his firewhiskey. He was sitting at a table in the corner of the Leaky Cauldron, watching a couple on another table a few feet away. His glance wandered over to them every now and then and every time he did that, his frown deepened. The couple was quietly conversing with each other: with the woman's back towards him, he could see the bloke's face and how he was leering at his date as if she was some sort of delicious meal. Draco took another gulp and then slammed the tumbler a little too hard on the table. His frown became an outright sneer when the women laughed at something her date had said. Bloody Valentines Day. He had told himself over and over again that he would tell her by Valentine's Day. In the past year he had waited month after month and then the new year had started he had given himself a deadline; but then January had passed and February started and he still hadn't spoken to her. And then, this morning, the 14th, he had finally decided to do it. He had walked into the Ministry where she worked like he did every day. He was on his way to her office when he had heard the voices of her and her two best friends. And Draco had to listen to how she excitedly told them that she had been asked out on a date by a bloke from the Muggle Liaison Office. Once Draco heard that all his determination just disappeared and he had left again, still not telling her. So now he was sitting in the Leaky Cauldron, stalking the so-called date. The girl, he had been pining for in the last months was sitting there with someone else and in about four hours the day would end and Draco still hadn't told her about his feelings. Coward! "You know, if you ever wondered why you weren't sorted into Gryffindor, this is probably why!" Draco, who was having a near heart attack, glared at Harry Potter, who had suddenly appeared at his table in the dark corner. Harry grinned amused and pulled a chair out for himself. "And take of that ridiculous hat, Malfoy," Harry added before he ordered three more firewhiskeys. "What do you want, Potter?" Draco spat, lowering his voice. He then reached up to pull the woolen hat down, so it was covering his hair securely. It was winter and cold and Draco had decided that wearing a dark hat would be better than using the hood from his cloak to hide his bright hair. He glanced at the couple again, hoping they hadn't heard them. "Don't worry, I put up a Muffliato around us. I'm an Auror after all." "What do you want, Potter?" Draco repeated, his voice full of anger. Harry just ignored him. "You know, did you really think nobody would notice why you come to the Ministry every single day?" Harry said, watching the other wizard interested before his glance fell over to the couple. "I don't know what you are talking about. Why shouldn't I come to the Ministry?" Draco wanted to know, frowning because his attention was now on Harry more than on the couple. "Oh, I don't know," Harry mumbled, "probably because you don't even work there!" "Fine! Whatever, what's it to you?" Draco hissed annoyed. "She's my best friend, that's what it's to me," Harry answered him calmly before he leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms in front of his chest and looking awfully pleased with himself. Draco narrowed his eyes. Before he could reply, Ron Weasley had appeared as well, pulling out a chair to sit down next to Harry. Draco sneered. "What have I missed?" Ron asked while he was busy shuffling some chicken leg in his mouth, which was why his question sounded rather unclear. "Ask Malfoy, he has been here from the start." Harry dismissed with a grin and Ron then turned towards Malfoy, chewing on his food. Draco groaned but his attention was caught as the bloke suddenly stood up and left the table, leaving his date behind. Draco followed him with his eyes, disappointingly noting that he had only excused himself to the bathroom. Suddenly the women turned around, glaring at the three of them. She got up from the table, stalking over the few feet before she started ranting, gesticulating wildly with her arms. "I think you have to drop the Muffliato," Draco suggested in Harry's direction as the three of them had just stared at her, because she had been muted by the spell and they couldn't hear a word of the things she was saying. Harry flicked his wrist. "... and I can't believe that you showed up here!" the women ended her lecture, looking furious while she glanced to the bathroom every now and then. "We didn't know the date would be here!" Ron defended, waving the chicken bone in her direction. "You said the date would be at a restaurant, not at the Leaky. You know that Harry and I come here for after-work drinks." "What is he doing here?" she spat, nodding towards Draco, who had sunk back in his seat, cursing everything and everyone. Well, at least she hadn't caught him by himself. "Oh, we invited him to join us." Harry quickly said, smiling apologetic. "We are sorry, Hermione. I only spotted you when I ordered the drinks. Malfoy was already here and obviously had no clue and we had to wait for Ron. We can leave if you want." Draco had glared at Harry at the mention of them leaving. Hermione Granger huffed, putting her hands on her hips while she looked at each one of them with narrowed eyes. Ron chew innocently on a second chicken leg, (god knows where he had got that from), while Harry instantly downed his firewhiskey, indicating that they were ready to go if she wanted them to. Draco, who had crossed his arms in front of his chest, a dark look on his face, met her glare with equal annoyance, which seemed to surprise her. "Don't bother, we finished dinner and will pay soon. You can stay and we will leave." Hermione replied cockily before he looked at them again. The fact that Draco was there confused her and she looked at him with such an expression before she shook her head and walked back to her table, sitting down at the exact same moment her date came out of the bathroom again. "That was long," Ron commented while biting in his chicken leg, causing Draco and Harry to stare at him with disgust. Draco ignored the pair of them in favor of watching how the couple paid and then got up. Hermione giggled at something as the bloke offered her his arm to lead her outside. As they walked to the door, Hermione turned her head to glare one last time at the table of her friends but Harry and Ron were busy discussing something and it was only Draco, who had been looking at her. She looked surprised once more, but then her smile turned into a satisfied smirk as she held onto the arm of her date tighter, leaning her head against his shoulder as they disappeared out of the pub. Draco was ready to curse someone. "Calm down, Malfoy! Have another one," Harry said, pushing a new glass of whiskey towards Draco, who immediately grabbed it and poured it down his throat. "You should just tell her," Ron added. "She constantly talks about you." "Shut up," Draco replied before he reached into his robe and pulled out three galleons which he put on the table. Nonetheless, his heart skipped a beat at Ron's words and as he got up to leave, he stopped and nodded towards the two other men. "See you around. Potter, Weasley." They watched him leave with an amused expression before Harry turned towards Ron. " She constantly talks about you ?" Harry mocked and Ron shrugged. "Well, we don't have to tell him that she only complains about him but she does it a lot recently. There is not one conversation where Malfoy doesn't come up. She almost as obsessed as he is." Harry seemed to think about Ron's words before he took a sip from his own glass, frowning at the fact that their former school enemy had been stalking their best friend in the past year like crazy. When they first noticed it, they had assumed that Draco had something ill in mind but when they realised the actual reason behind his behavior, Harry and Ron had a good laugh about the whole irony. "He's nicer since the end of war," Harry stated suddenly. "I don't think he would be a bad choice." Ron shrugged. "As long as he treats her right." Harry nodded in agreement before he waved the waitress over to order another round of firewhiskey. Their recent insight could only be accepted with a lot of alcohol. Harry sighed and looked over at Ron, who looked up at the sound. He regarded Harry with a frown before he held something out towards his best friend. "Chicken?" two weeks later, Ministry of Magic She was drunk. There was seriously no doubt about that, Draco thought when she had made her way over to him. They were at a charity ball held by the Ministry in order to raise money for St Mungo's new research center. Draco had been invited because he had money and the Golden Trio were invited because they were the Golden Trio. The evening had been uneventful: Just a lot of talking and hand shaking and drinking. Draco normally tried to avoid such events but his mother had told him over and over again that as a Malfoy he needed to attend, no matter how much he despised it. His mother can talk, with her being on vacation with his father and not having to sit through such a boring evening. Especially because he was seated at a table with other investors, who Draco didn't. And when he had turned around to the table where the Golden Trio was seated and he saw that Hermione had brought her Valentine Day's date from two weeks ago to this ball as her date, the evening was over before it had even begun. Draco had sat through it and as soon as he was able to get up, he had fled the room and was sitting on the floor in the empty hallway down from the ballroom. And as he was sitting there in his misery, cursing himself once more why he was such a coward, when he had heard the sounds of her heels. He looked down the hallway where the ballroom was and saw her stagger towards him, her eyes narrowing as she spotted him sitting on the floor. The way she was walking was indication enough that he had probably a few drinks too much. "Maaalfooy!" she slurred as soon as she spotted him, then she giggled as she stopped a few steps away from him. "Granger," he drawled disinterested, which made her frown deeper. "Oh, you've got