A/N: Okay, so first and foremost, let me state my intentions with this fic: I want to write it well, and have a good plot and storyline for it. I also want to have my OC (Yes, I know *groan*) be as believable and non-Mary Sue as possible. So with that being said, romance is definitely NOT at the forefront of this story. It'll be more like a little something extra, like sprinkles on icecream. This is also not going to be a fic where my main character is from this world and finds out she's an elf, or is a tenth walker, or anything like that. Chapter 1 "Cellineth, what are you doing out here at this late hour?" Arwen asked her friend, coming beside her and leaning on the railing of a secluded garden in Rivendell. "You must be cold." "You know I love looking at the stars during winter, Arwen," Cellineth said, looking up at the sky, which was dotted with the shining specks of light. Cellineth had always been fond of the coolness and quiet that came with the night. It gave her a chance to reflect on the day and prepare herself for the next. Because Elves didn't sleep, night was usually reserved for reading quietly or having a pleasant conversation with family, if you had one. Most of the younger Elves would get together at night and listen to music and recite poetry. Occasionally, if he was feeling sprightly, Mr. Bilbo Baggins would make an appearance and grace them all with a new poem. Cellineth and Arwen had both just come from such a gathering, which was still going on, but Cellineth had excused herself to get a breath of fresh air, and apparently Arwen had followed her a few minutes after. "I am surprised you didn't bring your harp," Arwen said, pushing herself away from the railing, her gaze tilted upward to better view the skies. Cellineth smiled at Arwen. "I didn't much feel like it tonight. I was more interested in listening, and lucky I chose tonight, too, or else I would have missed Mr. Baggins. You know I can't pay attention before I play." Arwen laughed. "I know. But I still wonder at the fact that you have been playing your whole life, and so well, and yet you still get nerves." "You know I only play as well as I do because of the effort I put in. Do you remember how truly awful I was when I first began?" Cellineth asked, smiling at her friend. "Or have you forgotten how we met?" "I could not forget, even if I tried," Arwen said. "My Lord Father was taking me to see your mother for musical training, and you were learning your instrument-was that your first lesson or not?" Arwen asked, and Cellineth nodded. "And you were terrible, it's true, but you seemed so focused on playing. And I knew then and there I wanted you as my friend." Both young women laughed. "And here we were," said Cellineth. "Somewhere around 2,500 years later, and we are still friends." "It is a marvel," agreed Arwen. "Especially considering how stubborn you are about certain things." "If you're referring to that incident with Triwathon, I apologized for that many times over, and you know I've never been more happy to be wrong about something," Cellineth said, looking at Arwen pointedly, though she couldn't completely hide her smile. "I just wish you would have said something!" Arwen laughed merrily. "And why should I have? You wouldn't have listened anyway." Cellineth scoffed and took Arwen's arm, leading her back inside. "I may have, but now I suppose we'll never know." The young women settled on a pair of chairs, listening quietly to a gentle flute melody for a moment and speaking softly with one another before Cellineth excused herself as the dawn crept over the horizon. Splashing cool water on her face, Cellineth looked in a mirror , patting her face dry with a fresh piece of cloth. She sighed, taking her hair out of the long braid she had put it in at some point during the night, having gotten tired of having it in her face. Now, she took out a few tangles with her fingers before tying it back so it was out of her face but lay on her back in soft waves. Cellineth had always considered her hair one of her few beauties. Like all Elves, she was fair of face, but she had certainly never aspired to be any great beauty. That was Arwen's quarter, she thought with a wry smile. Not that Cellineth minded in the least. Arwen was beautiful, she had even heard it said that she was the most beautiful, but Elrond's daughter was not vain. She was kindhearted, and gentle, and thoughtful with what she spoke. Cellineth couldn't have asked for a better friend. There was a soft knocking at her door, and Cellineth stood up. " Minna ," she said, and the door opened and a young elf, not quite 200 years of age, poked his head in. "You did say 'enter', did you not?" he asked quietly. Cellineth chuckled. "I did, Aewon," she said, using a name she had come up with for him after she had started teaching him how to play the harp. His given name was Uiloson, but he was so timid when they first met that she had called him 'little bird' as a jest, and the name had stuck. She had unofficially become a mentor to him, and she was more than pleased to see that the excellence with which he pursued his instrument was now beginning to seep into other aspects of his life as well. He was becoming more bold by the day, and doing things that surprised even himself. Aewon had come to her just the other day, explaining enthusiastically how he and two or three others close to his own age had all agreed to journey to Lothl贸rien and study there for a number of years. Cellineth had been to Lothl贸rien a handful of times, and to Mirkwood once. She had found Lothl贸rien quite beautiful to behold, and Mirkwood she had found enchanting in a haunting way. She wished to visit Mirkwood again; they had music such as she had never heard before. When Cellineth had asked a musician about it, he had told her that it came from 'the mouth of the forest.' She would have asked him what, precisely, he had meant, but he had been hailed by a companion of his, and Cellineth was left wanting an explanation. "Did you do as I asked, Aewon?" she inquired, bringing herself out of her thoughts. "Played in a garden, you mean? Yes, I did, though I don't really see what the purpose in that exercise was. I play often in the gardens-you know that." He looked at her quizzically, wanting an explanation. "Uiloson, I can ask nothing new of you," Cellineth said, looking at him. "You have been under my tutelage for nigh on one-hundred years now. You play nearly as well as I do. I can't teach you anything else, really. If you want to further your craft still, it would be best to go South and learn from those in Mirkwood or L贸rien. I did not become the musician you see before you now by limiting myself to only one teacher. You should go and learn what you can elsewhere. Weren't you just telling me not a month ago how you wanted to go? As well you should." "You should come, then," Aewon said. "And stay in Mirkwood; your company would be very welcome." She shook her head. "No, it is not yet time for me to travel to Mirkwood again." She paused, smiling at him. "Go, now, and make your plans. But write to me of all that you learn. You may not be my pupil any more, but that does not mean you should stop learning." Aewon stood and smiled at her before walking out her door with a skip in his step. Cellineth watched the door shut, and heard her student's hurried footsteps down the corridor. She would miss him, but Uiloson was coming into a new season of his life, one that she was not meant to be a part of. At least, not a large part. One-hundred years was not a terribly long time to have known someone, looking at the lifespan of an Elf, but Cellineth had grown very fond of Aewon, and she would miss him. To keep her thoughts from becoming too melancholy, Cellineth decided to pass the time by brushing up on her weaponry. It had been some days since she had touched any of her weapons. Standing, she slung her longbow over her shoulder along with a quiver of arrows, and a sling that she had made years ago. Cellineth had never been a student of war, or of strategy, but she had always seen it as wise to be able to defend herself should the need arise. She tightened up the lacing on her boots before shutting the door to her dwelling behind her. As she walked down a mossy slope, a lone horse and rider came into view. Cellineth's keen eyesight allowed her the knowledge that the rider was Elven, so she was not worried. She raised a hand to hail him, and the gesture was returned. She smiled and quickened her pace. "Greetings, stranger!" she called, seeing now that he was fair of hair and of face, though his age was impossible to tell. He looked to be tall and lean, and had the air of a soldier about him. She thought that slightly strange for a messenger, but she supposed it would not be that odd for a soldier to be bringing some sort of news. "Greetings," he returned less cheerily, once he was within adequate speaking range. "You will forgive my lack of courtesy, but I must be on my way. I come with news for Lord Elrond." Cellineth stepped out of his way. "Make haste, then!" she bade him, and he continued on his way, glancing back once to offer his thanks of her understanding. It was not uncommon for messengers to come with news for Lord Elrond, especially in recent days. There had been whispers of movement in the East. Some feared that evil was stirring again in Mordor, while others insisted that that was entirely improbable. Sauron had been defeated, as had Morgoth, long ago. For evil to remain dormant for so long a period of time before resurfacing was highly unlikely, and almost unheard of. Cellineth wasn't sure what she thought of the rumors that were flying around. There had been an unsettling within Middle-Earth, to be sure. The animals and the earth had been unbalanced themselves, and it was making everyone in Rivendell uneasy. There had been murmurs of an unwellness within Mirkwood as well, but they had not as yet been confirmed. Cellineth had decided some time ago not to worry herself about it; if there was a darkness stirring in the east... She wasn't in a position of power, so what would be done wouldn't be her decision, at any rate. She would do what was asked of her, should the need arise. And Cellineth seriously doubted that she would be called upon for her skill as a musician, thus the archery and sling practice. Taking in the smell of the deciduous forest she was in, she set her sling down on the ground next to her and unslung her longbow, and nocking an arrow, she took aim, checked her form, and took her shot. Her arrow hit its mark; she knew it would, but she wasn't impressed. Cellineth was no great archer or warrior. It was true she could be any mortal in combat, but then the Elves didn't compare themselves to Men or Dwarves. "Your only competitor