Disclaimer: I in no way claim ownership of the Twilight Saga books or movies. This is just a fanfiction. A/N: STOP! Okay, now that I have your attention, you should know that this is a sequel. :) Feel free to go ahead and read this without reading the other one first, but you might get...erm...confused. If you would, however, like to read the first installment so that you're doing this in order, this is the link: s/9669152/1/Sunrise-A-Twilight-Saga-Continuation . Or feel free to click on my profile, it will be on there as well! Thank you to everyone who is returning from the first fic to read this one, spread the word around if you feel I deserve it! I'll be experimenting around with POVs much more in this one, and mysteries will be solved from the first. ;) As promised...here's the first chapter of Frostbite ! It's a long one. Enjoy! xxx ~TranquilGuardian CHAPTER ONE: SCHOOL Jacob's POV I stared into the small vampire's dark burgundy eyes intensely, refusing to look away. My own eyes were watering as I focused. I wouldn't let the little devil win. I'd come this far; I wouldn't be backing down now. I squinted at her, hands shaking as I gripped the table in front of me. Laughter filled the air around me as I stared her down, but I wasn't amused. This was war. I felt my eyes tearing up as I forced them to stay open. It was going on five minutes now. The agony seared through the entire upper half of my face, and I knew I couldn't keep this up much longer. Finally, I just couldn't stand it anymore. I blinked, and kept my eyes closed for a second to rid myself of the pain. "Ha!" the small red eyed vampire cried triumphantly, sticking her tongue out at me. I'd been having a staring contest with Alice Cullen. A couple of months back, Carlisle had found some freaky concoction that turned Alice into a human. She'd conceived a son with her husband, Jasper. It was too risky to keep a human around, though; not to mention the fact that she was dying of blood loss, so Carlisle had to bite her once her son was born. That turned her into a vampire once more. We were almost positive that Alice was the only vampire to have ever become a human again, let alone to have become a human and then be willingly changed back into a vampire. Anyway, once Alice was reborn, she wasn't aloud to be around her son Hayden for like two months. Everybody was afraid she was going to eat him or something. So, for the first months of his life, Hayden Jasper had grown up without a mother. Jasper had stepped up, treating his son with as much love and affection as a normal pair of parents could give a kid. He would call Alice every night (from the moment she woke up, she'd been swept off to stay with the Denalis for a few months) and tell her about how wonderful their son was and how he couldn't wait for her to meet her. You can only imagine the surprise that young Hayden felt when Alice was finally aloud to meet him officially. He'd run behind Jasper, quaking with fear at the strange little woman with scarlet eyes. He'd warmed up to Alice soon enough, though. Now they were joined at the hip, and he had her wrapped around his finger. With his perfect little blonde curls, dimples and large green eyes, he was irresistible. "That's what you get for challenging a vampire to a stare down, Jake," Nessie grinned, wrapping her arms around me from behind. I rubbed my knuckles into my eyes, groaning. "Sure, sure," I mumbled, not wanting to hear it. Alice picked Hayden up, twirling him around. "Did Momma just embarrass Jacob?" she cooed, nuzzling into the grinning child's neck. "Yes," Hayden giggled, stretching up to kiss her cheek. "He's all red." I glared at the cute little kid, sticking my tongue out at him when Alice wasn't looking. He smiled adorably at me in response. My son Seth walked into the room, hand in hand with Rosalie's adopted daughter Makenna. They looked about the equivalent age of twelve year olds, though in reality, they were much younger. I mean, Hayden, who was only four months old, looked about three years old. We all knew about Seth's insane crush on Makenna. He'd begun showing it months ago, but within the last couple of weeks they'd been inseparable. I had no doubt that they'd end up together, much to Rosalie's dismay. Sure, she loved Seth; he was her nephew, but the very idea of Makenna being with someone related to me made her shudder. Emmett had been extremely weirded out until Bella had patiently reminded him that there was no blood between Seth and Makenna, and that the Cullens had posed as brothers and sisters to the public when in reality had been paired off into couples. My son practically worshipped the ground Makenna stood on. There was no lust in their relationship (hello, they were just kids) but he loved her to death and would do anything for her. Even when her requests were slightly demanding. "Hey, Dad?" Seth asked, coming forward to me hesitantly. "Yeah buddy?" I asked, still blinking the sting out of my eyes. "Mickey and I have been thinking…and we think it'd be cool to go to school." "Seth…" I started, groaning. We'd had this conversation before; many times. It wasn't that I didn't want Seth to have a normal life; Makenna really was the only child his age that he knew. (Physical age, I meant; if he was judged on his actual age, he wouldn't even be in kindergarten yet.) Quil's imprint, Claire, only appeared a bit older than he and Makenna, but they had to try so hard to be patient with her as she wasn't as mentally advanced as they were. "Uncle Jacob, don't freak yet," Makenna said quickly. "We know we can't go forever; we age too fast. But we have slowed down a lot. Even you have to admit that. I mean, a year couldn't hurt, could it?" Before I could open my mouth, Nessie squeezed my hand. "We'll talk about it, guys. Go on," she said. Makenna and Seth looked at each other, mouths hanging open in surprise. "Uh-thanks, Mom! Really!" Seth cried, kissing her cheek. "I didn't say yes," Nessie warned as they took off, chatting excitedly. They pretended not to hear her. Typical kids. "Ness, you're not really considering sending Seth to school…?" Edward protested. "Daddy, it would be a good experience. For all of us. I've never been to school either, you know. We could go to Port AngelesHigh School, since the teachers at Forks High would remember you. Seth and Makenna could go to the elementary. Of course, Mamaw and Papaw would have to keep Hayden at home, since he's still too young and aging too fast. Come on! One year couldn't hurt us." "Ness, the rest of us have endured many years of high school," Edward groaned. "I don't protest you going, but why do the rest of us have to join you?" Nessie ducked her head a little. "I'm scared," she admitted quietly. "Why don't you just take Jacob with you?" Bella asked. "Let's not take Jacob with her!" I said quickly. "Nessie, I love you, and I would do anything for you, but I'm not going back to high school." "I'm sorry, Nessie, but I'm going to have to agree with Jacob on this one. You go, but we won't be joining you," Edward agreed firmly. "That's my final word on the matter." "I really, really don't like you sometimes, Nessie," I growled as I slung my backpack over my shoulder. Edward came up on her other side, hefting his own bag. He gave me a long look, nodding. "Aw guys, chill out," Emmett said, laughing loudly. "One more year won't hurt us." Bella looked absolutely miserable as she bumped my shoulder. I looked down at her, and she mimed shooting herself in the head. I laughed. "Wouldn't do anything but piss you off that it didn't work," I grinned. She shrugged. "Better than going back to high school." Carlisle and Esme had practically just had to threaten Rosalie, Emmett, Nessie, and my own lives in order to get us to go to school on time instead of taking our kids for their first days. It was only Seth's "Dad. I don't need you to take me" that convinced me. We walked in the front office; all eight of us, and the secretary looked up in surprise. "We're new here. I believe my father gave you a call this morning," Edward said in that soft velvet voice he used when he wanted things to go his way. "Oh, uh, yes. I have your schedules right here. Um-" She pulled out a small stack of papers. "Alice Cullen?" "Right here," Alice said, elbowing her way to the front though Emmett and Edward and taking her sheet. "Edward and Emmett Cullen?" The two held out their hands, and the secretary gave them their schedules. "Jasper and Rosalie Hale?" the secretary asked. "Over here," Jasper said, gesturing to Rosalie and himself. "Jacob Black?" "I held out my hand for the paper. "Bella Cullen?" the secretary asked, looking back and forth from Nessie and Bella. "That's me," Bella said, smiling at the secretary. "All right, then you must be…Re…Rene…" "Renesmee," Nessie said quietly and in embarrassment. "And thanks," she added, taking the paper. "Renesmee," the secretary repeated, looking flustered. "That's an…interesting name." "Thanks," Nessie repeated in a mumble, flushing. I wasn't sure it was a compliment. Makenna's POV I glanced over at Seth as Carlisle and Esme filled out our paperwork. He was drumming his fingers on his knee and frowning at the childish educational posters on the office wall. The secretary smiled at us as Carlisle handed in the forms. "You two will be in Mrs. Durham's class," she said, standing up from behind her desk. "I'll take you there." Carlisle looked at us and waved, smiling. Esme came over and hugged us, my cousin Hayden on her hip. "Have fun, kids. We'll be here to pick you up at 2:30, okay?" "Sure, sure," Seth mumbled. It was a habit he'd picked up from Uncle Jacob. I thought it was annoying, but everybody else thought it was cute that he'd taken after his dad. I was sure nobody would think it was cute if I took after my dad. He didn't have the best of vocabularies. Sure, I knew Emmett wasn't my real dad. But my real dad had been some sick messed up vampire, having kids with human women then leaving them to die. I'd never known him, only Nahuel, my half brother. And even that relationship had been brief. In short, I preferred my cussing, buff dad over whoever had really created me. As I let the secretary lead me away, I knew that Seth and I would be way smarter than the other sixth graders. We could do college math pretty well. It was just what came with quick advancement. I'd have to remind Seth to dumb it down. I was afraid that I would get made fun of for my skin color; the dark chocolate brown complexion I had would be a big contrast from the pale faces of my classmates. I knew Seth would stick up for me if anyone said a word, but that would mean he'd turn into a large wolf with gigantic teeth. It wouldn't exactly be a good way to try and fit in. "Mrs. Durham? These are your newest students," the secretary said, giving us a gentle shove into the room. Mrs. Durham looked to me like a guinea pig, but I smiled, nudging Seth to do the