Hello and Welcome to my story! For those of you who have stuck around.. thank you. This is an update from the original story - not much has chanced, just little things here and there, but the plotline remains the same. Please enjoy! The night air of September 13th was suspiciously silent; a thick, heavy tension hanging in the warm, stale air. A petite figure cautiously crept down the corridor, body bent low to the ground; a wand held securely and tightly in hand. Movement ceased as the echo of footsteps sounded down the corridor and the figure smoothly slid behind a body of armor, pressing their body as close as possible against the cold stone wall. The young girl pressed her lips together tightly, praying hard that she misheard the footsteps; that no one was on the other end of the dark, shadowed corridor. She tried to relax her body, loosening her limbs so that she could flatten herself against the wall even further. The tense moment seemed like ages, her shoulder blades moaning in protest against the rough stone and just as her legs began to shake, her heart began to thud loudly in her ears. She forced herself to breathe evenly, trying to calm and slow her beating heart, straining to hear a noise in the seemingly empty hallway. Her shoulders relaxed, the footsteps slowly drawing away from her temporary hiding spot. When they altogether disappeared, the breath she had been holding escaped quickly from her lungs and she felt herself collapse against the wall in relief. Sweeping the long strands of hair out of her face and tucking them semi-securely behind her ear, she timidly stepped out from her hiding spot, scanning the darkened hall with a calculating gaze. A part of her- a part that she would never admit to having, a part that shivered in fear- forced her to take a shallow breath, holding it deep in her chest as her heartbeat thrummed loudly in her ears again, the sound nearly deafening. The grip on her wand tightened as she squinted her eyes, peering into the darkness, searching for any type of movement. Trying to be efficient but not wanting to waste time, she forced herself to step further away from the protection of the armor, praying that the sound of her heart could not be heard. Mistake. Stupid mistake. " Cesso! " A voice screamed, momentarily blinding the girl as the bright blue flash of a spell streaked towards her. The girl shrieked loudly, falling awkwardly back into the suit of armor, barely avoiding the attack. The heat of the spell passed over her shoulder as she fell to her knees hard, blinking rapidly to clear her vision. "I see you, Lil- y !" the voice sang mockingly and the fallen figure cursed, struggling on hands and knees to get back behind the armor. "I have always loved the way the blue light causes your hair to look magenta!" the voice cackled, footsteps drawing nearer. Lily was unable to stop from rolling her eyes at the mocking statement, pressing herself against the stone wall once more, mindful of the fresh scrapes on her knees ( Good Lord, they hurt!) . She quickly refocused, assessing the situation and searching for ways of possible escape. She stayed low, adjusting her body so that she crouched close to the ground, absentmindedly brushing off debris from her knees. Her jaw clenched in annoyance when the enemy cackled delightfully. She was trapped. The other girl called out to her again, tossing out a lazy insult to bait her. The annoyance she tried to maintain grew slowly in Lily's throat and she held back a growl, trying to remain focused on the situation at hand. Her grasp on the wand tightened painfully once more, giving away the only sign of her distress. She forcefully loosened her grip, for fear of the wood snapping. " Oi , Mar?" Lily called out, gently resting against the silver of the armor as she leaned forward. "Why don't you do me a favor and shut that loud mouth of yours? You're causing my ears to bleed!" An angry guffaw sounded from the girl and Lily took the opportunity, bolting towards her opponent, muscles protesting as she jumped into an all-out sprint. " Cesso !" she casted, throwing the spell blindly as she passed the other girl. She grinned, hearing the other girl screech in panic at the roque attack. The spell had missed it's target, but allowed Lily enough time to put more space between herself and the enemy. For precautions, Lily tossed another spell over her shoulder, pushing herself harder as the adrenaline found it's way deeper into her veins. Despite the other girl's physical advantage of height, Lily was able to run further ahead, managing to stay out of range of assault. The corridor of ahead of her split, but Lily knew she could not afford to slow down as her feet flew over the ground below her. As the end of the corridor approached, Lily moved closer to the wall, knuckles scraping against the stone as she rounded the corner, the momentum nearly causing her to trip and slide. She skidded to a dangerous halt and threw herself against the wall of the corridor, listening as Marlene's footsteps neared. Her breath caught in her throat and she grinned, feeling slightly crazed by the adrenaline rushing in her ears. She always loved the way this made her feel. And she hated to lose. She had chosen the direction that led to a dead end; inevitably resulting in a standoff she knew that would happen. The portraits around her watched in interest, gazing down at the young redhead bracing herself, preparing for a duel. For a moment, Lily doubted her sanity. As Marlene's footsteps slowed to an unnerving pace- clearly slowing down to boast- Lily glanced around furtively, searching out any ways of escape. As if Godric Gryffindor heard her silent pleas, the large rounded portrait to her right flung open, slamming loudly against the stone wall. Wildly, Lily thought the portrait had at first been knocked off of the wall by a nonverbal spell, casted by her opponent, but a large open hole in the wall informed her otherwise. An escape. Before the dust had even begun to settle, Lily dashed towards the opening of her newly found getaway, catching sight of Marlene just rounding the corner. " Oi !" Lily's heartbeat stuttered, hearing the exclamation not only from her friend, but also from the person she had literally ran into, smacking her forehead against a muscular chest. A very masculine muscular chest. From beyond the secret passageway's entrance, Marlene shouted the known spell and Lily ducked instinctively, falling to her knees as she avoided the charm. The person in front of her reacted similarly, smoothly sliding to his knees to avoid the oncoming spell. He gave a great shout, but Lily could not see his expression in the darkness. Surprise, maybe? Petrified? she mused. "Shut the door! Shut the bloody door!" another male voice ordered in alarm. Lily complied, reaching forward on her knees as she used her nails to grasp onto the portrait's cool frame, slamming the door shut and effectively cutting her off from her friend's assault. Her ears were ringing painfully as she leant her forehead against the back of the portrait, closing her eyes tightly at the ridiculous predicament she found herself in and released a crazed laugh. Her heart was still beating wildly against her ribcage as she slowly turned herself around, peeking one eye open cautiously. Her shoulders automatically relaxed as she realized the room was too dark to fully recognize anyone's face. A corridor on the other end was their only source of light; possibly a torch or candle lighting the pathway. She waited for her eyes to adjust in in the darkness, counting three standing figures. Most likely male, considering their tall height and wider builds. There was a fourth body on the floor. Lily bit her lip ashamedly, apologizing silently to the fallen figure who must have been struck by the spell. " Lum- " the male figure closest to her began to spell. "Stop!" she exclaimed, throwing her wand up, pointing it in the direction of his darkened shape. They could not find out who she was. "What the bloody hell ?" one of them shouted loudly and she noticed in the darkened room, as her eyes began to adjust better to the low lighting, all of their wands were trained on her form. Lily raised her hands in one smooth motion to signal surrender, unwilling to drop her wand completely. Her unspoken message did not appear to appease the three males as they stood unmoving, wands unwavering. "I come in peace?" she added innocently, trying to evaluate the situation as she forced herself not to panic. "What the hell ?" mumbled one of the males, his voice incredulous. Faintly, Lily could hear Marlene cursing from the other side of the portrait behind her. A soft rustling sounded through the room, as if the girl were running her hands over it and the edges. Lily bit her lip hard, unable to prevent a smile as she imagined her friend's confused and angry face as she attempted ways to open the door. The figures in front of her shifted suspiciously, their expressions still hidden from Lily's view. One of them broke apart, stooping down to check on their fallen comrade. Lily saw in the darkness as he attempted to check for a pulse, heard as he whispered, " Enervate. " "That won't work," she informed him patiently, the words dying on her lips as the two other standing males snapped their gazes back towards her form, wands pressing towards her threateningly. "Why the hell not?" snarled the male closest to her. Unnoticed in the dark, her eyebrows creased together in indignation as she peered up into his shadowed face. Lily shifted, trying to find empathy as it was most likely not in this boy's plan to be shoved and attacked by a mysterious enemy. It would surely explain his pissed off demeanor as he stepped closer to her, pressing the tip of his wand into her throat, just below the jawline. She swallowed hard, the cool wood of the wand feeling rather uncomfortable, if she had to admit. She tried to ignore the sliver of fear slide down her spine. Faking confidence ( Stupidness? ), she tried to crane her neck to stare into the dark shadows of the man's face. She could not make out his features, but he towered over her easily. " Prongs ," admonished the boy who had attempted to revive their fallen friend. He was still kneeling next to the frozen boy on the ground, but Lily could tell his face was turned towards her. "What do we have to do?" he asked, and Lily was unsure if the question was directed towards her or the wizard who's wand was held at her throat. "I'll tell you ," the boy began to snarl, but was cut off by the more common-sensed boy who was kneeling. Lily glanced at him from the corner of her eyes, but returned her gaze to the boy's shadowed face in front of her. She found if she squinted, the lines of his face became slightly more focused. Something stood out about his face and she shifted closer, stopping as the boy figured out what she meant to do. His wand pressed tighter into her throat, forcing her to step back against the portrait. "There's nothing you can do," she informed the room a little breathless, breaking off uneasily when the boy in front of her practically growled, his wand pressing into her throat with determined pressure. Arsehole , she thought. "I mean," she amended aloud, attempting to slide away, but the wand at her throat followed her obediently. "He'll be waking