Summary: Denethor II, she knew, was a cold and proud man and would marry and have two sons. He wasn't meant to be happy, and he definitely wasn't meant to marry her. Canon compliant. Book fic. Denethor/Finduilas (C ontains elements of SI fics and OCs.) Ever a Sweeter Road ~Wow, another of my pieces finished! Life continues as ever, but the last few months have certainly upped the pace. Enough about me! You're here for a story. (: First, this is a Finduilas fic. And "canon compliant" means that all the events will fit into canon without a hitch (although the intentions behind events may be different than expected). My favorite canon compliant fics have an extra element to them — because where's the fun without that? — and in this one, the main character originally came from the real world, and this remembers the books and movies. So some OC themes definitely exist. BUT. Before I lose some of you, this is a book fic . And before I lose you movie-lovers, um, the movies weren't around until the events of the trilogy started happening, so it's exactly the same. If you really hate OCs, just squint at a few paragraphs and you will be absolutely fine (gift of foresight, guys). I don't have much against movie-verse fics, but I am done with "this follows the book!" and then it's movie with a few of Tolken's songs . No. Now, I hope that you'll read my story, but it's past time to let said story do the talking. I sincerely hope that you will enjoy this piece of work. All puns intended. ( ; Ever a Sweeter Road Do you wish happiness for yourself? Um, yes. Doesn't everyone? "Lord Ecthelion has sent Grandfather another letter, Finduilas. I'm to escort you and Ivriniel to Minas Tirith the moment we return." I rolled my eyes, the game of braiding my shaggy pony's reins coming to an abrupt end. "Yes, Father mentioned that." I let the reins slip free and frowned as my steed shook his head gaily. "One week of happiness in exchange for him ." Imrahil looked sideways at me, forgetting for a moment his meticulous surveillance of the forest around us. His brows knit together in masculine confusion. "How is it you bear a grudge against a man you have never met, sister? Lord Ecthelion's son is not as unkind or repugnant as you seem to believe. Nor is it strange that the Steward himself wishes to be introduced to the granddaughters of his longtime friend. No part of this request calls for misgivings. I do not know what it is you fear, but it is for nothing, my dearest sister. Better to fear this sea than the Steward's son." The coastline we travelled was the scenery of my childhood, and my stalwart brother knew it. He knew I could not fear the hills and gentle water no matter what danger accosted us here. The land held too many of my childhood dreams and memories. "One week," I promised Imi. "One week of the freedom and wild beauty I begged for. For your sake, I will leave my other thoughts behind." "I will not remind you of them," Imi replied kindly. He did not, for of the many ideals my younger brother esteemed highly, his word ranked highest of all. He gave me no reminder of the lords and ladies I had devoted considerable effort toward avoiding, and I, in turn, steered our conversations toward our shared love of the beauty that clung to our family's lands. This week of wandering Dol Amroth's coastlands would be my last freedom, for Imrahil would soon return to the perils of war and I was now too old to subtly ignore my parents' wish of marriage. Enough now to follow familiar hills and greet the many people our house was bound to. Our pace was gentle, and the joys of solitude were many. I loved the coasts that marked our family lands, but I loved the trees above all. For all the wonder and magic of the world, it was the trees' simplicity that held my heart. "You love the woods so," Imrahil commented a few days into our journey. "Is it true that the blood of the Wood-elves flows more freely through you than the others of our line? Do you wish to follow them to their fair haven and forever wander under the stars?" "Hush," I said, smiling at my younger brother's lightheartedness. "It's hardly a disaster that I chose to sleep under the stars rather than the beds we were offered this afternoon. Father trusts you to protect me, and—" An upraised fist silenced me. Immediately, two pairs of keen grey eyes scanned the undergrowth for proof of Imrahil's trained instincts. We found the elusive signs of Elves together, but Imi caught my arm before I could slip off my pony. "Duilas, have you forgotten your year of begging Father for this week of respite? Let the Elves be. Fortune enough that we saw them, but Father—" Imi had evidently forgotten his sister's elusive ways, urgently as he spoke about them. I had finally found Elves, and nothing could stop me from speaking with one of the Firstborn in one of their beautiful languages. Save, I found, becoming mute in their presence. The Elves stared at me with curious, painfully bright eyes as I broke into their line. They were not surprised. Nor did they appear upset. I did not know what they thought at all, and in the moment I saw them, I could scarcely think beyond the deep curtsy my upbringing had ingrained into me. Imrahil must have sensed their lack of ill-will, for he stayed behind with our clever-footed ponies and left his sister to her sudden tears. "Greetings," I murmured in Sindarin, matching their clothing to our house's skillful tapestries of Wood-elves. My words beyond that seized in my throat, for although many in my country's lands spoke the language fluently, it was quite overwhelming to have one's lifelong desire be so real and strangely unreal. A smooth finger lifted my quivering chin with more grace than I'd imagined existed. The Wood-elf's voice was kind and strong, ringing with bells and starlit memories. "Rise, daughter of Gondor." Her smile chased my nervousness away, and the strange joy that filled me brought the rest of me back. I introduced myself and listened to names that held more story than I could bear to hear. Their course was set for Edhellond, the ancient Elf haven in our land's borders, but they were not yet bound for the Grey Havens. There was still hope left in Middle Earth for them. A measure of joy and laughter. A chance to find wonder and wander free of all but the finest sorrows. The stars of twilight stretched long through my helpless delight, and dear Imrahil gave me hours before he joined our fire-lit party. "Fair sister," he said softly, bathed in wonder more steep than mine, "late the hour but welcoming the kin we must needs return to." I think he thought he might lose me forever to the great words of the Elves, but unlike mine his words had stumbled over themselves and he fell silent, content to listen to their lovely speech. All of his willpower could not, however, keep him from drifting off to sleep as one of the few silent Elves brought out a harp and began to sing in a dialect that I, who had learned as many of their languages as my tutors could teach me, knew not. "Daughter of Men," the oldest of them said, and he, too, had not yet spoken. His voice was deep and sharp. "As a flame you burn," he stated, piercing eyes full of indecipherable sadness that captured mine irresistibly, "and bright you shine to many that see only darkness. A last light of Men." I succumbed to sleep like my faithful younger brother, and as the Wood-elves left me under the gentle embrace of the stars, I wept. I wept, for I had seen what truly lay in them and what lay in me. They were part of and bound to this world, whereas I was a Man and could be no more of it than my faint Elven blood allowed. The Gift of Men seemed but a curse, just as my tutors had described it. What was the Gift? A promise that we would one day depart to somewhere better? A curse of lonely mortality? Alone among the races, Men's spirits would not be reborn in an endless cycle while the world still stood. We alone were free to fight fate. We alone would pass on upon our death. The beauty of the Elves was not physical. Rather, a serenity was woven into their being that whispered of Arda and a brilliant song of fate. It was a song that was mine to see and hear, but not mine to sing. From the ancient Elf's words, it seemed my place was to simply sputter out. But I wanted to be more than a whisper of smoke. I wanted to live. My life in Middle-earth was not like the old story and lesser, derivative tales I seized upon so violently when I realized where I had ended up. Instead of an empowered adult, I had become a child of this world, and far, far beyond that, I was the second-born daughter of a great house. I was protected and given every privilege but the freedom I longed for. I climbed the castle walls with the best of rebellious spirits, but Father's men were excellent trackers and kept me firmly stuck in the house of Dol Amroth no matter how many tips they laughingly gave me. My one bright spot was Imrahil, who liked his fighting lessons so much that he was happy to help me gain bruises, and by that time Father was frustrated enough to let me gain them if it meant I would stay occupied. I wanted to go out into the world and help destroy the Ring. I wanted to visit Imladris and join the Dúnedain and prepare . But try as I might, all I could do was memorize genealogies and learn languages and lore and manners upon manners. Where was the freedom and control I'd been promised? The most I had managed was a year-long stay in Meduseld, where the Rohirric people had refused me more than a pony after they caught me borrowing the First Marshal's fastest warhorse (Théoden hadn't minded—although he'd aimed a few goods blow at my ribs before remembering he'd accepted my bet the night before. Queen Morwen laughed at this). I was a daughter of a house, not some happy nobody free to ride more than a mile without supervision. I held high hopes of finding and marrying one of the Dúnedain, and were that to that happen, I could at least go free. Assuming he were a nice Dúnedan. I stewed, caught up in responsibilities and the comforting memory that one day, my brother's yet-unborn daughter would marry Rohan's very much future king. Apart from that union, I did not remember much that happened in the land of Gondor. One day, Steward Ecthelion II's son would marry and have two sons, and he was free to get a move on. The man was undeniably attractive, but I remembered he had the personality of a brick wall and would commit suicide in the end. It was laughable how relieved I was when I observed that no matter how unlikely one random man was to want to marry me, I simply could not change history. So in this, I had one happiness. Unfortunately, I was reputed to be the prettiest noblewoman in Gondor. And even though Denethor was already a man grown, he made no moves on women. Ever. Which was why my unrepentant father sent me to