This started out as fluff but then angst happened oops. As the Poems Go "Don't even think about it." Nico pauses with one hand on the doorknob and swears under his breath. "It's Thursday," Will continues. "I finally got Jason to drag you in here yesterday ." "Yeah, yeah," Nico says. "I'm fine , Solace." "You're not fine, and you're going to sit down on your bed and listen to the doctor for five—" "You do know you're not a real doctor, right? You're—what, sixteen?" "Fifteen," Will says, and Nico ignores the butterflies that suddenly fill his stomach. There's no reason that finding out they're only a year apart in age should make him feel—whatever this is. "And anyway, I'm in charge here, so sit down or I'll ask Chiron for a straitjacket." At that , Nico turns around, expecting to catch Will smiling. He's not. Nico rolls his eyes, crosses the distance back to the bed, and throws himself down onto it with an exasperated sigh. "Yes," Will comments, and Nico doesn't miss the sarcasm behind his voice, "Be as dramatic as you can about it. That's totally going to convince me that you're not going to run off and try to shadow travel to Iceland at the first chance you get." "Iceland?" Will ignores him and picks up his notes from the desk. "How do you feel?" " Fine ," Nico grumbles. Will marks something on the clipboard. "Any pain? Nausea? Dizziness?" "No." "Have you tried shadow traveling since the war?" " No ." "How are you sleeping?" "Fine." "Eating?" "Fine." Will raises his eyebrows, but it's not credulous so much as concerned, which surprises Nico as much as the words Will says next: "And the truth?" He decides that glasses work for Jason. "So. You told Percy." "Not talking about it," Nico snaps, turning back to the tablet computer Rachel Dare let him borrow to look up furniture prices for his cabin. "But—" "Jason. I know you want to be a good friend and all, but I don't want to talk about it." "Right, but he told me—" "You do know that the point of being over it is that I don't care anymore, right?" And he knows that's not completely true, but he's not about to tell Jason that. "Fine," Jason says, and even manages to shut up for a full thirty seconds. Then he grins wickedly. "That healer kid is pretty cute, huh?" Nico throws a pillow at his head. "What are you writing?" Nico asks, and Will jumps so hard he nearly knocks over the table he's sitting at. "Holy Hera," Will whispers, leaning his head back to look up at the ceiling. "I thought you were asleep." "I was hungry," he says. "This is the kitchen." "Haven't seen you in here the whole time you've been here." It's not accusatory, exactly, just a statement of fact, like Will is making a mental note to add to Nico's file later: Patient spent 36 hours without craving cold pizza. Nico exhales, letting his shoulders fall. He closes his eyes. "It's been like this since I left on the quest," he says. He doesn't know what it is about walking in on Will scribbling in a notebook in the middle of the night that makes him put down the pretenses and actually say something honest without burying it six feet deep in sarcasm first, but there it is. "I just don't get hungry as often." He shrugs like it's no big deal, like he isn't annoyed that he used to be able to polish off three happy meals in an hour and now can't even look at a burger without feeling nauseated, like it doesn't bother him that he can feel his ribs through the fabric of his T-shirt. Will nods slowly. "We'll work on that." We. The word sends a jolt of – something into his stomach. Then he meets Will's gaze, and Will is staring at him with piercing blue eyes and Nico needs to look away look away look away because if he doesn't Will is going to catch on to everything Nico feels about him because why else would he be staring and then he'll be so humiliated he'll have to shadow travel to the underworld for a few thousand years. "You never answered my question," Nico says finally. "What's in the notebook?" Will glances down, breaking their eye contact – thank gods – and shuts the book. "Nothing. Homework." "You are the worst liar I have ever met. It's August." Will is silent for a while, so long that Nico wonders whether he's somehow struck a nerve. "What, is it like a diary or something? ' Dear Diary, Today I only got to hold four demigods in the infirmary against their will. I'm really slacking. Need to go after at least six tomorrow—' " "It's poetry," Will mutters. "Then why the hell are you so secretive about it?" Nico doesn't know where the outburst comes from. He of all people knows not to pry into other people's secrets. "You're a son of Apollo . Isn't poetry, like, part of the deal?" "You've heard my dad's poetry, right?" Will asks like it's a joke, but the unsaid fact that Apollo is currently missing in action lingers. "So what you're saying is that your haikus aren't quite up to par." Will looks like he's going to argue, but then he's quiet. "None of my siblings write poetry. Song lyrics, sometimes, but that's it. Except…" he pauses for so long that Nico almost wonders whether he's supposed to respond to that – his interpersonal skills have never been great – but then he continues, "Lee used to." The pain in Will's eyes makes him look so broken that Nico wants to wrap his arms around Will and shield him from the world and the battles that kill older siblings. Before he knows what he's doing – before he can stop himself – he puts a hand over Will's hand. Will looks up. Meets his eyes. He should pull his hand away. Play it off like a mistake. Make a comment about how Will's habit of tapping his fingers against the table is annoying as all get out. He should not stand there with his hand on Will's like personal space means nothing to him anymore. "If you want to talk about it… I mean, I know what it's—Bianca, my sister…" Godsdamn it, he sounds like a raving idiot. You have really nice eyes and now my hand is on your hand and I'm having trouble speaking coherently. Let me be a little more lame, please. "Thanks," Will whispers, which would've been enough to fill Nico's stomach with skeletal butterflies on its own, but then Will turns his hand over so that their fingers are brushing and they're almost holding hands and then he squeezes Nico's fingers so gently it makes Nico's breath catch. "So," Nico says, as though Will isn't holding his hand and causing all his nerve endings to fire, "Are you any good?" It takes Will a moment to realize that Nico is talking about his poetry – which is a stupid thing for him to talk about anyway since he knows next to nothing about literature – but then Nico sees Will's expression change as the words click in his head. "Probably not," Will says, but Nico is the king of self-deprecation and can spot a lie when he sees one. "You're still the worst liar I've ever met. You're probably actually amazing at it." Then Will's hand disappears from under his and he stands abruptly, rushing out of the kitchen like Nico just threatened to murder him or something. Shit, Nico thinks. Will had probably only been holding his hand in a friendly, we've-both-had-older-siblings-die kind of way and Nico had read the whole thing wrong and now Will knew he was… into guys … and he was never going to want to see him again— And then Will was back, a worn, leather-bound book clutched in his hand. "What—" "You want to read real poetry," he says, "You can read some that's actually good." Take all my loves, my love, yea, take them all … Gods, this was awful. Nico thumbs to the next page. "Oh, good, you're up." Nico slams the book shut and tries to shove it under his pillow, but Reyna catches his wrist before he can. "What's this?" "Uh," he hesitates, "Will gave it to me." Reyna flips the cover open and scans the first page. "He gave you a book of poetry?" "It's not like that." He's not exactly sure what he's protesting. "Whatever you say." "You're just as bad as Jason." He sees a hint of sadness cross her face, so he tacks on a "Sorry," to the end of his statement. After all they've been through together, he doesn't need to shove her former best friend in her face. She doesn't say anything, just flips the book open to a random page. "' Come, my Celia, let us prove / While we can, the sports of love .' Gods, that doesn't even rhyme." "Tell me about it." "Anyway," Reyna says. "I came to say goodbye." "You're leaving?" he didn't know he'd be this upset to see her go back to Camp Jupiter, but the feeling of sadness that washes over him isn't entirely unexpected. "I'll be back in New York for Thanksgiving," she says. "Rachel Dare 'can't put up with her family on her own' or something." "So I'll see you then." "And you're welcome at Camp Jupiter anytime. Seriously, Nico, we never would have defeated Gaea without you. And… you're one of my best friends." He hugs her for the second time in two days – more physical contact than he's ever had with anyone before, save maybe Hazel – and finds that it's not intolerable. "And, uh," she says, "You should maybe clear up whatever's going on with you and Solace." " What? " "Nico," Reyna says plainly. "He gave you a book of love poems." "It doesn't mean—" "Well, no, not if you sit here in denial of things that are right under your nose, it doesn't." " Rey. Na. " He breaks her name into two words and very nearly throws the book at her. "I'm just saying," she says, standing up. "I'll see you around, kid. Iris Message me sometime." Reyna's words play through his mind over the course of the next few hours, so much so that by the next time Will checks in on him unnecessarily for some medical purpose that's probably actually just code for 'being annoying,' he gets up the courage to ask, "Who's your favorite?" "Huh?" Will asks, all but shoving a thermometer into Nico's mouth. Nico glares at him and holds up the poetry book. Then he spits the thermometer out. "I don't have a fever. Relax." "I'll relax when you stop trying to overexert yourself. I saw you and Grace arm-wrestling earlier." "I am not overexerting myself." "Can you keep this under your tongue, please?" Will snaps, poking the thermometer again. "I don't have a—" Fever . The next word is fever . But then Will reaches for the back of his head, probably to keep him from leaning away from the godsdamn thermometer, and Nico can't speak. They sit there for a beat, until pulls the thermometer out with his hand and says sharply, "Please stop touching me." Will pulls his hand away with a quick, "Sorry." Nico, for his part, is finally thankful to have a reason to keep his mouth shut, so he waits while the thermometer beep-beep-beep s its way up and then pulls it out. "98.6," he reads, flashing the screen at Will so the jerk doesn't make him redo it. "Happy?" Will glances down at his hands, looking anything but happy. Shit. How did Nico manage to screw this up, too? He might not be