Diathesis-Stress Night after night, day after day Jack and coke smoking on the fire escape Is it too soon or is it too late -Wasted, MKTO "Reyna," he says, "Smell this." She gives him a questioning look but obliges and raises the plastic cup toward her face. "Looks like Dakota's finally moved on from Kool-Aid." "What—" "Alcohol, Jase," Reyna clarifies. "It's spiked. We should probably tell someone." Alcohol? At thirteen, he's never been anywhere near the stuff, so he's not sure why the scent seems familiar. Except… Reyna must see the expression on his face – she's only been at camp a few weeks, but she can already read him like a book – because she places the cup back on the table behind them. "What's wrong?" "I think… It reminds me of…" Reyna studies him, maybe sensing that he's about to reveal something personal, which he almost never does. "It reminds me of my mother." Her eyebrows furrow together. "I thought you said you didn't remember your mom." "I don't." "But—" "I just… it smells like… like she would , I guess. I don't know." Reyna is quiet for a while, long enough that Jason wonders whether maybe she didn't hear him, but then she says, "You know, I read somewhere that scents can jog memories. Sometimes." She doesn't say what she must be thinking, but she doesn't have to. "Come on, Grace," Gwen taunts, lunging and very nearly striking him in the chest with her sword. "If you're going to be sent out on a quest tonight, you're going to have to do better than that." "They won't send me," he protests, parrying her next attack and responding with one of his own, a weak attempt that she dodges easily. "No one from the Fifth Cohort has been on a quest since—" "Hey," Gwen says sharply. "With that attitude, you definitely won't go on a quest. Ever." "Sorry." "No," she says, lunging again, "Not ' sorry. ' You are a member of the Fifth Legion, and you're a damn good leader." She pauses. "There's been talk about making you a Centurion." "What? But I'm only thirteen—" "Yeah," Gwen continues. "So you need to stay on your game. You're a good kid, Grace. Keep doing what you're doing and you'll be Praetor by the time you're my age. Hell, you'd bring all kinds of honor to the Fifth Cohort." " Praetor ?" Gwen gives him a look and feints left before slamming her sword into the right side of his armor. "You'll go far," she says. "Everyone expects you to, and there's no reason why you shouldn't. Just keep doing what you're doing." "Thanks." "And go kill 'em on that quest." "He's a son of Jupiter. Like, the Jupiter. Probably the most powerful demigod in decades ." He learns quickly that feigning bravery is the best tactic for defeating monsters. "Come on," he motions to Reyna, hoping to all the gods that his plan – if you could call it that – works. "Let's go." He expects her to call him on it, to tell him that throwing rocks at the Neades is an absolutely idiotic war strategy. But Reyna just nods. "Okay." She must read his expression, because she stops and asks, "What?" "Nothing. I just… you don't have any suggestions for a better plan?" "No," Reyna says, tossing her dark braid over her shoulder like he'd just asked if pigs could fly. "I trust you." "I just think that we should send someone slightly more experienced ," Octavian says. The derision in his voice is clear. "Jason has experience," Reyna says, agitated, "Or did you miss the part where he single-handedly saved the entire state of California from the Curse of Vespasian?" "He can kick my ass in swordfighting," Gwen offers. "And as Centurion," Bobby starts, "He has clearly demonstrated his leadership capabilities." "But this is the Trojan Sea Monster we're talking about," Octavian argues. "Not some training exercise. The kid is fourteen ." "He's a son of Jupiter. One of our strongest campers." Bobby doesn't wait for Octavian's response before turning to the assembly and asking, "All in favor?" They are. "You're going to do great," Reyna says. "Stop worrying." It makes you look weak. The words go unsaid, but Jason can hear them clearly in her tone. So he gives her the answer she expects. "I'm not worried." He knows the facts, of course: left at age two at the Wolf House to be trained by Lupa and brought to Camp Jupiter. Sometimes he wonders if his mother is still out there somewhere. If they share the same eyes or laugh or inability to cook without setting something on fire. If she ever sits up at night wishing that she hadn't abandoned her son. "It's not your fault." "Jason." "Jason, please, listen to me. Nothing you could've done would have made a difference. These things happen." "I really wish you'd talk to me." "Jason, you're a demigod. People are going to die. It's part of the deal. And it sucks, but that's what happens, and you need to learn to deal with it if you're ever—" "You need to put this behind you." "Look on the bright side, you slew the Trojan Sea Monster. You accomplished the goal of your quest." "Everyone else is depending on you to be a leader right now, so stop being so godsdamn selfish." He's surrounded by people, but the absences are conspicuous, bearing down like a heavy weight over his chest, reminding him with each heartbeat that their hearts aren't beating, that his quest went wrong, that he's responsible for their deaths. Zeinab. Luther. Kristen. His head throbs with the steady rhythm of their names pounding against his eardrums. Wine is only used for ceremonial sacrifices in New Rome, but no one will notice one missing bottle. He contemplates it for a while. When he's back in his room, he shoves the unopened bottle under his bed, disgusted with his actions. He promises himself that he'll return it in the morning. "You're handling it well," Reyna observes. He doesn't answer, pretending to be absorbed in his copy of Livy's Books From the Foundation of the City . "Really," she says. "You're a good leader." "Because I don't cry about my friends being dead?" He spits the words out before he can think them through and instantly regrets them. "Because you stay strong in the face of all this. It's… admirable." He thinks he sees her blushing, but he can't be sure, because the next thing she says is, "I'm nominating you for Praetor." When he dreams of them – normal, human dreams, not the demigod kind – he sees them as they were when they were alive. Zeinab. Luther. Kristen. When he wakes up in the morning to a world without them in it, the weight of their lives presses down on his chest with the images of their anguished, screaming faces in the final throes of death. It's not your fault. Yes it is. He lasts two weeks before he breaks the seal on the wine bottle. "Octavian says he's found a new prophecy." "Okay." "He says you're a part of it," Bobby continues. Curiosity grabs Jason's attention and he gives up his attempt at disinterest. "Why?" "Um, so you know how your dad wasn't really supposed to have children?" He catches the girl sitting in one of the old hallways that winds its way around the back of the Temple of Mercury, knees drawn up to her chest, head down. "You okay?" he asks. When she looks up at him to nod, he notices tears rushing down her face. "Do you want to talk about it?" She shifts her gaze back down to the ground. "No. I'm fine." "Are you sure?" "You're Jason Grace ," she says, the way one might say "You're Barack Obama ." "Uh," he says, "Yeah." He should be used to that response by now, ever since he and Reyna defeated the Curse of Vespasian, but it still makes him uncomfortable. "Sorry," he continues, "I don't know your name…?" "Zeinab," she says, her voice soft. She must be about eleven or twelve. "Zeinab," he repeats. "It's nice to meet you." He hesitates, but when she doesn't volunteer any more information, he asks, "And really. You can tell me anything." It's like a floodgate has opened; Zeinab bites her lip once before opening her mouth to speak. "My mom—" but then she chokes up and doesn't finish the sentence. She doesn't have to. "You're Leila Barakat's sister," Jason realizes. He knows the story – everyone does. Jena Barakat had been a legacy of Mercury who had seemed like she had it all. Until the cancer diagnosis. "Come on," he says, reaching out a hand to help her stand. She looks up at him questioningly. "Your mom's in the hospital. Let's go visit." Zeinab. Luther. Kristen. "Saturn is getting stronger," Reyna tells the Senate. The Praetor robes look good on her, purple and gold accentuating the vividness of her eyes, but Jason can't really look; they remind him too much of the position he might someday hold. A position he doesn't deserve. In his dreams, he always hears Jena Barakat's words to him in the hospital room that day, spoken through chapped lips while she struggled to breathe. "Take care of my girls." It's always coupled with the last image he has of Zeinab, of the poisoned arrow piercing her skin because he was too occupied slaying the Sea Monster to notice. If he had been just a few seconds faster, he could have diverted the air currents, or blasted the arrow apart with electricity, or something . But there's nothing he can do about that now. Take care of my girls. He makes the mistake of trying to take a straight shot of vodka, but it barely touches his tongue before he spits it back out into the sink, mouth burning. Wine has a sickly sweet aftertaste that never really manages to take the edge off the guilt welling up inside of him. He doesn't know what to expect with hard liquor, but alcohol is supposed to make him feel better about everything and the wine. Isn't. Working. Jason grimaces at his reflection. He hates himself for this – a few weeks shy of fifteen and already drinking alcohol, which the logical part of his brain knows is wrong. He's probably screwing up all kinds of brain functioning. He's opening up Pandora's Box, but sometimes chaos is the only thing that helps. So he pours himself another shot, this time anticipating the feeling of his tongue catching fire, and imagines that the flames turning his veins to ash are a penance for all the ways he hasn't managed to live up to expectations. As his mind begins to numb and he drifts off to sleep, Jason thinks that this is what the gods missed when they devised Tartarus, this liquid that tastes like the Phlegethon with all the powers of the Lethe. The Senate meeting passes in a blur. He's not drunk – at least, he thinks he isn't – but he's having trouble processing what's happening and it's not until the Senators have voted and he is being draped in purple and gold that he really understands what's happening. Praetor . Reyna is smiling, congratulating him, and people are cheering, but it doesn't really register. He's wondering about the last few ounces of vodka he has hidden under his bed and where he's going to find a replacement bottle. When Jason enters the equipment shed to grab shields for the Probatios to use the last thing he expects to find is Kristen Englewood making out with Eliza Buchanan. He vaguely registers that as a guy he's supposed to find this hot and thrilling, but his thirteen year old mind is mostly just confused as to how Kristen has managed to get farther with