Please ignore any sort of grammatical mistakes. I didn't have the time to proof read. I'll do it soon though! Happy Reading! His eyes were what caught her attention. They were so intense she wanted to look away...or never look away, she couldn't decide. It was just a regular day in the hospital. She had worn her usual formal clothes with a white coat now put on. Women and men in scrubs swept into the room and checked the monitors and the bags. They strode out, nodded at the quartet slumped in chairs against the wall, and scuffed down the hall. Nurses changed shifts, moved the life of the place along while patients and visitors waited frozen, locked into little boxes of concern and fear. The hospital room was as cold as dead skin, the hallway crowded with lost souls and reeking of illness. It wasn't anything new for Annabeth. Patients would come and go and it wasn't supposed to matter to her. She'd learned a long time ago not to get attached to them. Especially cancer patients. Those were the worst. They would always mope around with heartbroken expressions begging the doctors to save their lives, but there's only so much a doctor can do. That's why when Annabeth attached a tube to the arm of her new patient she hadn't even bothered to look up at his face assuming that it would be the same as the previous hundred cancer patients she had attended to. While attaching the tube something on the patients wrist caught her eye. There was something written in black ink. It was a tattoo of sorts which had a typewritten font. She leaned in closer and squinted her eyes to make out the words when a husky voice startled her. "To save a life." He said and Annabeth jumped back startled. That's when she noticed his eyes. They were a vibrant sea green with flecks of blue in them. She peeks up at his features, bright eyes, sharp nose, a well defined jaw, messy black hair and a light stubble. Annabeth figured he was in his twenties. What was most surprising was that he looked...happy. He looked up at her, took a deep breath and then spoke again. "My tattoo. That's what you were looking at right?" "Oh um yes. Sorry." Annabeth mumbled turning around to find the patient's documents. "So you're my doctor?" She heard him ask and she read his name at the top of the document. Percy Jackson. She turned around and plastered a smile. "Yes, ." His eyes bore into her like he knew something she didn't. "So I'm going to interrogate you to get a clear view of your medical antecedents and current symptoms. Please answer truthfully." Annabeth said in her proffessional voice and started to ask her first question when he interrupted her. "You know you can say the word cancer right?" He asked her and she could see a hint of teasing in his eyes. "It's not like I'm gonna burst into a puddle." "Right." Annabeth said sounding confused. "Although I prefer not to." He simply shrugged in a cute gesture. ''Okay.'' He nodded and as Annabeth opened her mouth to ask her first question he interrupted her. Again. " So what's my ranking?" "I'm sorry what?" Annabeth asked half irritated and half curious to what he was talking about. "You know, what's crazier than what?" He tried and when there was no sign of comprehension on Annabeth's face he tried harder. "Like I'm sure I'm not your first patient right? You must have had others and of course all of them weren't the same…." He trailed off noticing Annabeth's baffled face. "You really don't know what I'm talking about do you?" "I didn't realize there was a ranking." Annabeth stated frowning. "Oh sure there is." Percy said sitting back in his bed. ""First you have your generic depressives. They're a dime a dozen and usually pretty boring."He explained. "Then you've got the bulimics and the anorexics. They're slightly more interesting, although usually they're just girls with nothing better to do." He didn't stop when Annabeth raised her eyebrows. "Then you start getting into the good stuff: the arsonists, the schizophrenics, the manic-depressives. You can never quite tell what those will do. And then you've got the junkies. They're completely tragic, because chances are they're just going to go right back on the stuff when they're out of here." Annabeth simply stood there and shook her head amusedly as he kept rambling on. "So junkies are at the top of the crazy chain," He concluded. Annabeth shook her head. "Nuh-uh," she said. "Suicides are." Percy looked at her. "Why?" "Anyone can be crazy," she answered. "That's usually just because there's something screwed up in your wiring, you know? But suicide is a whole different thing. I mean, how much do you have to hate yourself to want to just wipe yourself out?" A slow smile spread across Percy's face and he had a certain glint in his eyes. "I knew you weren't just beauty and brains." Annabeth ignored her blush and acted as if she was looking through his documents although in reality everything was just a big blur at the moment. "So." She said and flipped a paper. "What category do you fit yourself in?" He shrugged nonchalantly. " Oh the ones that come under suffering from brain cancer and no working pair of legs." Annabeth's head jerked up so quick that there was possibility of her getting whiplash. She just kept staring at his smiling face as he let out a laugh. "Now don't go weak on me doc. Don't you have questions to ask?" And this time when she did there were no interruptions or jokes or flirting. Just Annabeth finding herself check that one page again and again. PERCY JACKSON Brain tumor Lower body paralyzed Stage 3 "Thalia I'm home!" Annabeth yelled as she shut the door to her house wrestling with the keys and groceries in her hands. She placed the keys on the table and proceeded to set the groceries in the kitchen. As she was placing the eggs in the fridge she felt two arms wrap around her waist. She immediately turned frigid and closed the fridge quietly. "Hey honey." A voice whispered in her hair and she relaxed just a little bit feeling a kiss being pressed to the side of her head. "Eric" She breathed out as she turned around in his arms and came face to face with her husband. His brown hair covered his forehead and a bit off his eyes and his midnight black eyes bore into her. "I thought you weren't coming home until next week." Annabeth said and she noticed his eyebrows twitch. "Why?" He asked and she sensed a hint of anger as his hands on her waist tightened. Annabeth bit the inside of her cheek. "I-I mean I hadn't expected you to-" Eric pressed her body against the fridge and held her wrist with bruising force. "Are you hiding something from me?" He growled and Annabeth had a feeling of deja vu. Here we go again, she thought. "Of course not!" She protested leaning forward but he pushed her back roughly. She winced as his grip tightened even more. "You better not or -" "Annie I"m home!" They were interrupted by Eric's cousin, Thalia Grace. Eric immediately released her at the sound of her voice as Annabeth straightened up and breathed out. Thalia entered the kitchen and her eyes lit up as they fell on the man beside Annabeth. "No way!" Her eyes widened as she dropped her bag and ran towards Eric with her arms wide open. Thalia was a journalist so she wasn't at home half of the time. Thalia Grace had been her best friend since fifth grade. In twelfth grade, she introduced Eric Scott, her cousin to Annabeth and it was love at first sight. Except that it wasn't exactly that way. You see, when Annabeth had first set eyes on Thalia's devilishly handsome face she hadn't really envisioned that five years from then she would be married to him. Now at the ripe age of twenty two she wondered what would have happened if she hadn't met Eric. She felt like it was a completely different era then. She was the geeky nerdy Annabeth who was always seen with books in her hands and her glasses tumbling off her nose. Not to mention, the only girl without a boyfriend. Thanks to Thalia or she wouldn't have survived high school. Then came Eric. Oh he'd swept her off her feet alright but there was always something missing. She couldn't point it out but she knew. She still remembered the first time they kissed. It was perfect and all she could ever dream of but there was something missing. After being married for a year to him she still couldn't figure it out. "When did you get here?!" Thalia exclaimed as she pulled away from the hug. Eric chuckled and looked at Annabeth from the corner of his eye then looked at Thalia and shrugged. "Well I reached here this evening. I was waiting for you and Annabeth so I could give you two a surprise." He winked and Thalia laughed again. "I hope you guys had your reunion. I would hate to interrupt otherwise." Thalia teased and Annabeth's ears turned red. "Thalia!" "It's okay babe." Eric said in a silky voice as he pulled Annabeth closer and pecked her forehead. "She's used to it." Thalia fake gagged but smiled anyway and looked at them with an adoring look in her eyes. Well of course she did, to Thalia, they probably looked like the perfect couple. Annabeth preffered it to be that way. Eric was the only family Thalia had left after her parent's accident. Eric had taken care of Thalia his whole life. He was not only her brother but he also played the role of her missing parents. Thalia didn't need to know their relationship wasn't perfect. That their marriage wasn't perfect. That her brother wasn't perfect. She'd be broken. That night they had dinner at the table like a real family. Annabeth loved these moments, where Eric seemed like the old high school Eric again and the three of them chilling out. She wished they could go back to how they used to be. She missed that. Eric was frequently travelling on business trips. It didn't take long for her to figure out what exactly was going on. Six months after their honeymoon she couldn't help but notice the little things. Him coming home late, walking out of the room to receive phone calls. It didn't take much. She'd even caught him red handed once. A ring to his office was all it took for her to know that her Eric wasn't hers anymore. Sure, she'd confronted him about it later but the result hadn't been too well. She'd learned not to question him thereafter. As he changed his clothes in their bedroom, Annabeth put his dirty clothes in the laundry. She stood with his shirt collar in hand sniffing an unfamiliar lavender scent which definitely wasn't his cologne. She tried to keep the tears at bay as she slid down next to the washing machine, her silence and the soft rumbling of the machine the only sound filling the room. "It's going to be okay." She whispered to herself repeatedly but who was she kidding. It never did. All she could do was hope because that was the only thing she had left. "Rise and shine doc!" Percy exclaimed as she entered the room and Annabeth internally groaned. Although his happy-go-lucky nature was endearing it was starting to annoy her. She hadn't even had the time to get herself a cup of coffee before she realized that she had missed her alarm and was in fact late for work. She placed the bouquet she