Following Footsteps Prologue The 60 th Hunger Games Every single person in the crowded square of District 4 had a terrified look on their face. As always, on reaping day, the families are walking together in tight groups holding hands as the children check in. Some look close to tears, while some of the older boys and girls had eager looks on their faces, ready to volunteer. Peacekeepers line the edge of the crowds, making sure no terrified 12-year olds try to escape. As the crowd of kids begins to check in, a trio of girls slowly makes their way through the dense crowds. The one in the middle, who seems to be the oldest, is walking the path like she's done this before, while the other two look terrified. As they reach the check-in counter, the youngest one, maybe about 8, gives her sisters a long hug and runs to join her parents. The sisters check in and walk their separate ways. The younger one joins the throng of 13-year olds, while the older one joins the confident-looking 18-year olds. How it works in District 4, since there are usually so many volunteers, is that the Peacekeepers draw a name before the reaping, and if that person volunteers then they become the tribute. Neither girls will be jumping to volunteer, but if either of their names is drawn then they're in trouble. The older one's name is in the most, so they are mostly concerned about her, but all she has to do is get through this reaping and she'll be safe. The family has never had to take tesserae because the father gets a lot of money from the market, but the older one's name is in 36 times so the odds aren't exactly in her favor. As the last of the young kids get through, the stylish escort, Jewel Lexington, starts the Reaping out as she always does, with her cheerful voice and sky blue outfit standing out amongst the dreary faces. "Welcome, Welcome all of you!" she says happily, "Happy Hunger Games, and may the odds be EVER in your favor!" She then continues to review the History of Panem, the mayor makes a small speech, and the reaping begins. "Ladies first!" Jewel says. You could hear a pin drop as Jewel digs into the bowl with her lavishly painted nails into the glass bowl and draws out a slip of paper. She carefully unfolds it, and she reads out in a loud clear voice that rings out over the square, "Maya Seaton." Thousands of hears turn to look at the small girl with a shocked look on her face. Dozens of people volunteer, mostly coming from the 17 or 18-year-old sections, but one voice rings out over all the rest. "I volunteer!" Screams the older girl. Immediately the voices stop. None of the other voices had the desperation or the grief in their tone like this girl did. Jewel turns to a Peacekeeper on the stage, and the man pauses before slowly nodding his head. Jewel turns back to the microphone with a huge smile. "We have a volunteer!" she says. The Peacekeepers escort the older girl through the crowds. You can hear the 8 year old girl screaming and sobbing into her mother's shoulder on the edge of the crowd, but the 13-year-old girl was just standing there with a shocked look on her face, a tear slowly sliding down her cheek. She must hold it together; because she knew her reaction would be televised. Another name was called, more people volunteered, but the girl heard nothing of it. All she could do was stare hopelessly at her sister, who was staring straight ahead for fear of breaking into tears if she looked at her sister. The two tributes shook hands, and the girl disappeared into the Justice Building. She never came home. Chapter 1 (4 years later) I emerged from the salty depths of the South Harbor of District 4 to the grey dawn sky. My fishing spear, laden with 4 large fish, is feeling extremely heavy in my hands, but over the years I've developed stable muscles so the weight doesn't bother me at all. At least my family won't be hungry this morning. I throw my spear into the small, rickety, family fishing boat and heave myself over the edge. My spear lays forgotten on the bottom of the boat as I gobble down my breakfast. The harbor is just now starting to fill up with early morning fishermen getting breakfast for their families. Owning a fishing boat in District 4 is a really good advantage if you want to eat, because the vegetable and fruit markets are only open one day a week. However, you can only go fishing on the South Harbor because the other harbors are the most abundant in fish and therefore where everyone goes to work every day. We can only go fishing at dawn before work starts or late at night after work ends. However, today there will be no one working. In a few hours everyone will be making there way towards the square, where an unfortunate boy and girl will be taken to the Capitol. Next year will be my last reaping, but that doesn't necessarily mean I'm safe. My older sister, Serena, volunteered for me when I was only 13, and she never came back. Today is my younger sister's first reaping, and I'll never forgive myself if she's the one that's on that train. As I pack away my supplies, I hear a voice coming from the pier, "Maya! Maya!" I turn around to see my best friend Ryder standing on the pier waving his arms. I smile, wave back, and start the motor. It takes a few minutes to get to shore, but when I do he's there to greet me. Together we pull the boat to shore. "What are you doing out this early?" I ask. "Well I came to your house, but you weren't there. I wanted to see if you would like to go to the training grounds with me." He said. The only thing that's never closed on Reaping Day is the training grounds. It's not like Districts 1 or 2 when children between the age of 12 and 18 are obligated to go to a training academy. You can either decide to go to the training grounds to start training hard for the Games, or go to work at the Harbor to earn extra money for your family. Ryder and I alternate days between the training grounds and working, but we mostly work to earn money for our family. We aren't poor like District 12 families, but we don't have a huge, lavish house like most of the "Career" families. We just have a simple two-story house where we each have our own room. Most kids on Reaping Day go to do some last-minute training before the Reaping in case their name is picked. "Sure." I say. "Just let me drop these fish off at my house." Together we make our way back to my house. Early risers have already started to head to the Harbor to catch breakfast, and in the distance I see the Peacekeepers finishing the final details on the stage for the Reaping. "How you feeling about today?" Ryder asks. I stare at him. He knows how I feel about each Reaping ever since Serena volunteered for me, and how scared I am for Brooke. "What do you think?" I say quietly. "I think that if Brooke's name is drawn, you will be the first to volunteer." He said. "Brooke's name will not be drawn." I say forcefully. "I'm just saying-" "Well DON'T!" I snap. He looks down. I know he's probably right. But at least her name is only in one time. Suddenly I feel really bad for snapping at him. He's just trying to protect me, like always. "Listen, I'm sorry for snapping at you. I just….you don't know what it's like, having someone you love go to their death and you can't do anything about it." He looks at me. "You're right, I don't. But she died 4 years ago. Maybe it's time to move on." "Brooke is the only sister I have left. I'm going to make sure that she stays safe." Ryder knows by my tone of voice that the conversation has ended, so we walk the rest of the way in silence. When we reach my house, I walk inside to find my mother washing dishes and my father sitting at the table reading. I set the fish on the counter next to my mom, and she smiles at me in greeting. Sometimes I wonder how someone as beautiful as my mom has a daughter as ugly as me. I don't have her luscious long black hair or gentle green eyes; instead I have my father's wavy brown hair and piercing blue eyes. I also have plenty of scars from the reefs by the pier. Mom sets the fish in the sink. "By the looks of it you had a successful fishing trip!" she says brightly. I shrug, "Just lucky I guess." "It's not luck, it's skill." She says. I smile, embarrassed of being complimented so much in front of Ryder. "Ryder and I were going to go to the training grounds to train before—before the Reaping." I say. Her smile falters, and I feel sorry for reminding her of the Reaping. But her smile returns just as quick as it left, but this time she has a concerned, worried look in her eyes. "Of course. Just come back 30 minutes before so you can get ready." She says. "Thanks Mrs. Seaton!" Ryder says. She nods in reply and turns back to the sink. I give a quick goodbye hug to Dad and run out the door with Ryder at my heels. The training grounds of District 4 are pretty much a large field bordered by a barbed wire fence. It's kind of like an outdoor Training Center, with lots of different sections with instructors at each section. The kinds of sections range from sword fighting to knot making, but since we're a Career district, people tend to head straight for the weapons. Once Ryder and I check in and go through the gate, there are already a few stray 18-year-olds prepping themselves in case they're the ones going. For most families, it's an honor to go to the Games and represent our district, but the rest of us are just mortified that someone would be willing to participate in these stupid Games. Ryder and I part ways as we reach the field. He goes over to the tridents, while I run over to the edible plants section. This is the section I have the most trouble with, since there's barely any plants in District 4. Once I'm sure I got them right, I head over to the archery section. This is the one place that caught my eye as soon as I walked in when I was 12, because that is the place that Serena always went too. I'll probably never match her skill and grace, but I can try. The bow choices range from solid gold to mahogany wood, and I pick up a gracefully curved silver bow. It's the one that Serena always used. The expertly carved bow feels balanced and perfect in my hands since I always use it. Slowly I nock an arrow on my bow, draw it back, aim, and release. Thump! The arrow hits the target really close to the bull's eye, but not quite in the middle. Frowning, I nock another arrow. As I keep on shooting, I take less time to shoot for each arrow, so I develop a pattern: Draw, Aim, Shoot, Look. Soon the target has arrows all in the bull's eye. I smile in satisfaction, "Not bad." I hear behind me. I roll