1The Larryof the Rings – Episode 1 Drive into the river, Ann; or Hit him again, Ainariel! Hit him again! Note: We, the authors humbly suggest you become familiar with Veggie Tales before you read this. Seeing as if you don't, you may be confused . . . this story is also vaguely Christian as it is a VT/ TLOTR comedy, and tends to teach moral values. Eventually. There is NO SLASH. Period. Reviews and constructive criticism are gladly received and flames will be fed to Nienna's mini-balrog and mini-aragog (Frodi and Harmony are always hungry. Presents of bacon are also happily accepted.) Disclaimer: Technically, there aren't supposed to be that many geniuses in the world. In that case, the 20th and 21st centuries have been incredibly blessed, because the Big Idea headquarters is swarming with them. There's also the matter of J.R.R. Tolkien, the creator of Middle-earth and all the original tales that surround it. He must be a super-genius or something. Just for clarification, we don't own any of these peoples' work. We're just the lowly fanfic writers who in great deference to these incredible people try to elaborate on what they've done. As one person wisely said, we are not even great enough to lick their shoes (which is a good thing since they would probably taste even worse than dried asparagi no offense, asparagi! cooked in cod liver oil, even if they the authors are geniuses.) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Allow me to gaze into my palantir. Oh, let's say, to December of 2003. The premiere of the Return of the King. Can you imagine it? The anticipation that hangs in the air? This epic adventure brought to the silver screen. The excitement that lingers in all fans' hearts as– "Do you have any idea where we're going?" "Absolutely no clue. The map says there should be an exit in the next three miles. Eru strike me dead if there is." "Have either of you seen a speed limit sign lately?" "No, but I wouldn't worry about it. There haven't been cops around here for a half an hour. Drive like you're being chased by a Nazgul. The show starts in 2 hours." "Do you think there's any hope of finding a rest stop anywhere? I, uhhh . . ." Perhaps it was Fate who brought these three girls to this very spot that night. Or perhaps it was the fact that their maps were two decades old. But whether it was the maps or Fate, Lily, Nienna, and Ainariel found themselves on a country road, winding through a densely wooded area in unknown terrain. Their destination: the U.S. premiere of the Return of the King. Ainariel, having been appointed navigator, was at the point of tearing out her hair from stress. The maps she had been given were crinkled and yellowed, and, obviously, told lies. Nienna was driving, and, from all appearances, was merely trying to keep her mind on the road. Or perhaps it was the thought of seeing Elijah Wood that kept her so quiet. The world may never know. Lily, contrary to both her companions, kept jubilant and incessantly sang songs. She had been named the "Took" of the bunch for apparent reasons. Now, Frodo Joe McBaggins was a really clumsy kid On the first day of Maggot's farm I'll tell you what he did He stole some fresh green cabbages and ran from Maggot's dogs fell upon a rock And then he tripped over a log He needed first aid On the first day First aid on the first day First aid on the first day! You could heal an army with the athelas he took Now, Frodo Joe McBaggins was a really clumsy kid On the second day of Brandywine I'll tell you what he did he ran from Nazgl's horses, and Jumped over a gap Landed face down clumsily Right on Samwise's lap He needed first aid On the second day First aid on the second day First aid on the second day! You could heal an army with the athelas he took Now, Frodo Joe McBaggins was a really clumsy kid On the third day of Breeland I'll tell you what he did While dancing to a silly song He fell upon his back The ring slipped upon his finger and then everything went black He needed first aid On the third day First aid on the third dayFirst aid on the third day! You could heal an army with the athelas he took Now, Frodo Joe McBaggins was a really clumsy kid On the fourth day of Weathertop I'll tell you what he did he ran up to a Nazgl tripped upon his cloak Landed on the flagstones By a Mogul blade was smote He needed first aid – "Lily, we're kind of trying to find our exit. If you're going to sing, at least sing something that makes sense. And it's 'Morgul blade', not 'Mogul blade,'" snapped Ainariel irritably. "Do you think he's going to be stabbed by a skiing obstacle, or what?" "C'mon, get in the spirit of the evening! It's just a typo! We're supposed to be happy! Sing with me!" an unabashed Lily replied, but threw in a classical tape to be friendly (after hitting Ainariel lightly on the head with it). "Happy! We're lost!" Ainariel cried, turning on the dome light and peering once again at the discombobulated map. "No, no, don't exaggerate," Lily said, "We just . . . don't know where we are . . . exactly." She shrugged, then grinned nonchalantly. "It's an adventure!" The three girls had been looking forward to this night for months upon months. Each was decked out in hobbit attire, including little green cloaks with leaf-like clasps. Their feet were bare, since all three had spent considerable time walking across gravel roads to get callouses to be like Frodo and his hobbit companions. To say that any of these girls had no life would be cruel. Though probably not untrue. Then again, the truth hurts. Especially after treading on very small rocks for hours on end. "Nienna, could you put a little more acceleration in this? You're driving like an old man in a golf cart," said Ainariel, glancing pointedly at her watch again for emphasis. It read two seconds later than the last time she'd gazed upon it. "Aaaah! There's a stoplight! What kind of perverse Ringwraith puts a stoplight in the middle of the woods!" the sudden burst of passionate confusion from Nienna caused both Lily and Ainariel to jump in surprise. She had kept relatively sane through the interesting drive. "Stop for it! It's the law!" "No, we're in a hurry! Law? I'll find a loophole! Who cares about the law? There aren't any cops!" "Who cares! We could regret running it! Nienna, stop!" "No! Aah . . . aah! Too late!" Laying on the horn just in case, Nienna sped the car through the intersection. "You could have killed us!" Lily was very shaken. "It isn't my fault! You two were yelling at me!" Nienna defended, "Anyway, we're still alive, so who cares?" "What's that noise?" asked Ainariel. All three strained their ears, listening intently. Nienna slowed the car down, and the sound that reached their ears was far from comforting: sssssss... "No, no, no, no, no, no . . . ." Ainariel groaned. They all knew what it was. The tires. Nienna pulled the car over to the side of the road, putting it into park, and they all piled out to find the leak. It wasn't hard to spot. The upper right tire sagged pathetically, panting out its remaining air in exhausted gasps. "So . . .would you say this tire is half-empty or half-full?" was Lily's helpful contribution. She was silenced by the combined glares of the other two. Shivering against the brutal wind of the December night, the three girls huddled outside of the car, yanking their cloaks close, stunned at their misfortune. There was a moment of silence for the deceased tire. Ainariel coughed, her teeth chattering. "Do either of you have any shoes I could borrow?" she asked, quietly. "We didn't bring any shoes, remember?" Nienna said, perhaps a little more indignantly than she had intended. "Well, whose bright idea was it to go barefoot in December!" cried Ainariel, absolutely flabbergasted. "Don't put the blame on me; you agreed," Lily snorted. "Well . . ." "Well, what?" Several screams of excitement and surprise followed the newcomer's voice as all three girls scrambled to turn and see who had stumbled upon their council. Lily fumbled for her sword, but realized she didn't have one, so she and Nienna stood defiantly in front of the car, hoping that the man wasn't some kind of mugger. It was only a kindly old gentleman, but Ainariel was ready for all circumstances, and his appearance didn't stop her slamming him backwards with her purse. Crying out, he sprawled on the asphalt, crumpled and helpless. Not one of the girls was very concerned with the man; eventually, however, as he was just lying there groaning, Ainariel glanced at the others nervously trying to regain her composure. "Maybe he knows where we could find a spare tire . . . then we could continue on." "Oh, like I want you to navigate again," Nienna responded angrily. "You're the one who got us here in the first place." Ainariel's eyes slitted angrily. "I wasn't the one who sped through a red light and managed to pop the tire!" "Sorry, but could you two stop it? Only the show starts soon, and I'd rather be in the middle of a movie and a bottle of root beer than a squabble." The two spun on Lily. "We weren't exactly helped by your singing," was Ainariel's vicious comment. "I was just . . . getting us into the mood." "You were just getting into the mood!" Nienna raged. "You could have gotten us killed! You kept singing, and wouldn't shut up! How do you expect me to drive when you're screaming in my ear? That's almost as helpful as Miss 'of course I can navigate.' What's your problem? 'Oh no,' you say. 'I'm sorry. I was just getting into the mood.' Well sometimes that isn't good enough. Why did I ever let myself get stuck with you two? Nothing is worth this! " "You know, I think you three need to learn some compassion." The man hoisted himself into a sitting position. "And mercy." He was on his feet now, but kept glancing at Ainariel like she was going to leap forward and smite him again, which wasn't far from the truth. "Compassion?" Lily ventured, looking like she'd heard the word but was having trouble piecing together a definition. "Er, wait, I think I know that one . . . hold on a minute . . . it's on the tip of my tongue . . ." "Mercy? Compassion? You're going to give us a lesson in mercy and compassion when ROTK comes out in an hour and a half? Couldn't this wait?" The would-be teacher shifted back a little, but otherwise appeared unfazed (and a little confused) at Nienna's comment. "What's ROTK?" He asked. "The-Return-Of-The-King." He considered this new revelation for a moment. "Would that not be TROTHK?" Lily tried that out. "Trothk. trothka. TRot . . . oh. Sorry." After a second Nienna and Ainariel's stares were redirected at the stranger again. He cleared his throat, a little uneasily. "Am I correct in assuming that you are Tolkien fans?" he inquired. The girls' glances went from him to their apparel. How could it be otherwise? They were clad in hobbit frocks and dark cloaks, and were barefoot! In the dead of winter! What other hair-brained idiot would dress like that in December but a die-hard Tolkien freak? "Then maybe I should tell this story in a way you can understand it," the old man continued. Lily's