Title of Story: Deviant Desires Rating: M Pairing: Edward & Bella Genre: Drama, Angst Word Count:6,144 (wordcounttool dot com) Story Summary: A taste for exhibitionism and a very special birthday gift expose Edward and Bella to the predations of a fellow deviant. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "Spread your legs a little more, baby. That's it—move your hand down, but don't block your pussy. Spread your fingers over it in a V. There you go, right there." Edward snapped a few more pictures then set the camera down on the night table. "I'll upload those later. Right now I want to fuck that hot little pussy until you scream." He crawled in between Bella's wide-spread legs and bent his head to take a long lick, moaning at her taste. "Christ, baby, I love this." Seeing the tiny, calligraphed 'E' unfurling above his wife's glistening slit just about drove him mad with lust. He was gripped by the primal desire to beat his chest and let the world know that she was his, only his. And as soon as he'd fucked her into a stupor, he would. Well, in a manner of speaking. Once he'd blown his load and had a chance to recuperate, Edward would log on to the Tumblr he'd created to satisfy his fetish for sharing his lovely, young wife. Not literally, of course; only he got to kiss her, touch her, fuck her. Photos, however, were another matter. Those he shared with the world; or at least anyone who checked out allforE dot tumblr dot com , the blog where Edward posted the suggestive photos that he took of Bella. When he'd first asked her to pose, she'd been reluctant, but when she saw what it did to him, she'd become more willing. She'd known of Edward's somewhat deviant sexual tastes since before they were married. It was something he needed, and it kept their sex life vibrant and exciting. When she saw herself on the blog, saw the comments and re-blogs and realized that it made her wetter and hornier than she'd ever been, she became an enthusiastic partner in Edward's little hobby. He'd eased her into it, starting out with fairly innocent shots that were more art than porn. Bella's face was never shown; that was something they'd both agreed on. It was simply too risky, with Edward's job as a physician and Bella being an elementary school teacher. Tasteful shots of Bella's body, a sheet strategically covering her intimate areas, had morphed into debauched scenes of Bella on her back with Edward's cum on her breasts; Bella on all fours, her pussy and ass exposed; and even pictures of Edward sliding his cock inside her. Recently, Edward had cajoled her into letting him record their sexual exploits, so there were a few short videos as well. As long as she retained her anonymity, she went along with whatever he desired. Today's pictures were special, though. They were the first Edward had taken since Bella had gotten his initial tattooed just above her clit. He wanted pictures of him fucking her, licking her, claiming her in every way possible with those little inked lines visible in every one. The thought of thousands of people seeing that symbol of ownership made his dick hard all over again. The next morning Edward was careful to be quiet as he got ready for work. Bella had a doctor's appointment at ten, so she didn't need to be up as early as she usually was. As he bent to peck her cheek, her eyes fluttered open. "What time is it?" "It's only seven-thirty. Sleep a little longer. I set the alarm for eight. You must be tired after yesterday." He smirked, remembering the marathon fuck session they'd had after he'd posted the latest pictures of Bella to their Tumblr. "You're going to see Dr. Cullen at ten, right?" "Mm-hm. Just a routine pap, nothing to worry about." She smiled up at him. Despite his sexual proclivities, Edward was a loving and caring husband. He kissed her lips. "Call me and let me know how it goes, okay? I shouldn't be too late tonight. Maybe we can make a video …?" He envisioned his cock pounding into Bella, that little inked letter 'E' telling the world that she was his. All his. She nodded, giggling. "Love you." "Love you, beautiful." Bella was wide awake, so she got up and padded to the bathroom. As she waited for the water to heat up, she examined herself in the mirror. Edward had hinted for months that he'd love for her to be marked in such a way that only the two of them would know about. She'd never cared much for tattoos, or body modification of any kind, and that sort of thing would be frowned upon at work, anyway. She'd considered nipple rings. While she was certain Edward would love them, she wasn't sure that she could bear the pain and the healing process. Edward's birthday had been coming up, and she'd wanted to do something really special to surprise him. After doing some research, she'd settled on a small tattoo on her pubic mound. She'd seen pictures online of women with things like 'Daddy's girl' or 'His' tattooed in that spot, and while she and Edward did not really dabble in any Dom/sub play, she'd known that with his kinky leanings and possessive nature, seeing his initial tattooed there would be wildly arousing. She hadn't even told her closest friends, Rosalie and Alice, what she was going to do. While she would have been glad for the moral support, she'd wanted it to be something special, something just between herself and Edward. She'd found a reputable female tattoo artist who did incredible work and set up the appointment. She'd known she wouldn't be able to hide it from Edward for long; they had a very healthy sex life, and it was a rare night that Edward's hands and mouth didn't roam her body. The night after getting the tattoo, Bella had slipped into one of his old t-shirts and waited for him to reach for her. When he did, she'd grasped his hand and had gently moved it down to the freshly inked area. His surprise had turned to lust as soon as he'd seen what she'd done. Mindful of the fresh ink, he'd straddled her chest and tapped his cock on her lips until she'd taken him in, licking and sucking him until he filled her mouth with his hot release. He'd used his fingers and tongue on her until Bella had been shaking and moaning and begging him to make her come. And he had—three times. So the tattoo had been a great success. And of course, Edward couldn't wait until it had healed so that he could photograph it. Bella had never seen him as worked up as he had been last night when he'd posted those photos. She smiled to herself as she remembered how he'd held her hands above her head, pushing into her with a desperate groan and setting a frantic pace. How he'd sucked on her clit until she'd come with a scream, his eyes never leaving hers. Maybe she would get those nipple rings after all. Bella pulled up to the doctor's office with ten minutes to spare. It was an impressive building; modern and expensive-looking, much more so than Dr. Gerandy's office had been. He'd retired last year and had moved to Phoenix, away from the dreary, damp weather of the Pacific Northwest. Bella had asked Edward if he could refer her to someone, and he'd come back with the name of Dr. Carlisle Cullen. He assured her he'd heard wonderful things about him. Bella walked through the heavy, frosted-glass door, taking in the tasteful furnishings and muted colors of the waiting room. The blond receptionist smiled and took Bella's name. "The nurse will be right with you, Mrs. Masen." "Thank you," Bella replied, taking a seat in a comfortable taupe armchair. After a short wait, a young nurse with her dark hair pulled back in a ponytail came into the waiting area and called Bella's name. Bella followed her into a state-of-the-art exam room that was painted in the same soft, neutral shade as the waiting room. The nurse took her blood pressure and weight before handing her a cloth gown. "It ties in the front. Dr. Cullen will be with you in just a few moments." Bella scrolled through her phone while she waited. She was about to text Edward to tell him about Dr. Cullen's luxurious office when there was a tap at the door, and the man himself entered. Dr. Cullen was every bit as impressive as his office—tall, blond, and movie-star handsome, his blue eyes twinkled as he held out a perfectly manicured hand. "Mrs. Masen, it's a pleasure to meet you. I'm Carlisle Cullen." He scanned the chart that the nurse had left. "Ah, you were a patient of Dr. Gerandy's. Dr. Masen mentioned that, actually. Well, I'm always happy to help out a colleague." He went to the sink and washed his hands, then turned back to her. "I'm going to start by examining your breasts." Bella stared at the ceiling as he gently conducted the exam and palpated her abdomen before snapping on a pair of latex gloves. "If you wouldn't mind resting your feet in the stirrups, please." Bella tensed. She hated this part of the exam; who didn't, she supposed. She closed her eyes, waiting for the intrusive exam to be over. She felt Dr. Cullen raise her gown slightly to begin, but then he paused. At that exact moment she thought of her tattoo, and her face flushed. What must he think? She opened her eyes to see him eyeing it with a peculiar look on his face. He caught himself quickly and went on with the exam. His face betrayed nothing as he gave Bella a pleasant smile and told her a nurse would call with her results in about a week. Before closing the door, he turned with a smile and said, "Give my regards to Edward." Bella dressed quickly and left. When she'd gotten the tattoo, it hadn't occurred to her that anyone but she and Edward would see it. Even though he hadn't acted with impropriety, something about Dr. Cullen's expression upon noticing it disturbed her. She decided that she wouldn't say anything to Edward. She'd simply find another gynecologist, and by the time she needed to make another appointment he'd have forgotten all about it. Carlisle Cullen had been distracted after Bella Masen's appointment. It wasn't that he'd never seen a woman with a tattoo there before; it was that he'd seen this particular tattoo before. He was sure of it. He thought of Edward Masen: handsome, young, brilliant, and obviously prone to his own deviant desires. He'd asked if Carlisle was taking new patients. His wife's gynecologist had retired, and she was looking for a new one. Edward had grinned as he told him that he only wanted the best for Bella. Had he wanted to flaunt his wife to Carlisle? Carlisle had to push that thought to the back of his mind. He still had patients to see, and he couldn't do it with a hard-on. He rushed out after his last appointment, mulling over the day's events as he drove home. After parking his Mercedes in the garage, Carlisle hurriedly ordered some Chinese food to be delivered and went to his desk to turn on his laptop. After logging on to his Tumblr account, he scrolled through his dashboard until he came to a picture of a woman with smooth, milky skin. She was only visible from her hipbones down. Her knees were raised and spread, her bare pussy wet and glistening. A man's hand was pushed up snug against