Title of Story: The Wild Boyz Rating: M Pairing: Edward, Jasper and Emmett, Bella Genre: Crime/Drama Word Count: 7,932 (wordcounttool dot com) Story Summary: Tomorrow is not guaranteed. To what lengths will a man go to secure his forever? Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. It's hot as hell on the yard of the Macomb County Correctional Facility located right outside of Detroit—murder capitol of the world. Twelve-foot galvanized chain link fences topped with coiled, stainless steel razor-ribbon wire is a constant reminder that they're all just caged animals. To add to the maximum security, there are the two gun towers on either side of the yard with armed guards carrying semi-automatic shotguns. Dressed in their prison standard, the inmates mill about the yard doing their own thing. Prison is straight fucking segregated, and if you ain't down with a crew you better start writing your obituary. On one side of the yard, you got the bloods; on the other side you got the crips, in the center you got the Six Mile Crew. More to the middle, you got the Van Dyke crew; then near the back by the workout equipment, you got the Wild Boyz. Fuck what cha heard about everyone else, the Wild Boyz run The D. It's been that way since the 80s, when the founding fathers formed the gang. All of the original members are dead and gone; the last one to die was Old G, Carlisle Cullen. He was doing a twenty-year stint up in Pennsylvania when some fools shanked him on the yard to send a fucking message. Message received. They paid with their lives and the lives of their families. These days the Wild Boyz is ran by Carlisle's son, Masen Cullen, and his crew and they do it all from their current home: the motherfucking MCC. The Wild Boyz leaders consist of five of the most ruthless motherfuckers you will ever meet. Each one of them is their own brand of crazy, but that's why shit works. Jasper Whitlock, or J-Dub, is second in command. J's had a fucked up childhood. His mom was a first class hoe and didn't give a fuck about him. One day, one of her tricks beat him so bad he ended up in the hospital for months—he was only eight years old. He had to live through shit like that until he was old enough to fight. He met Mase in juvie when they were ten-years old. J-Dub was in there for stabbing one of his mom's customers who was trying to use him as his own punching bag; I guess he showed that fucker. J-Dub is currently doing a three-year stint for B&E. Emmett McCarty or Big E is third in command, he, Mase and J-Dub are thick as thieves. Big E is one big motherfucker hence the name. He met Mase and J-Dub in juvie when they were all twelve. Apparently, fucking E was little back then, and motherfuckers were picking on him, so Mase and Dub protected him. Needless to say, he protects them now. Big E is currently doing five years for a drug deal gone bad. Shady-ass motherfucking cops. Seth Clearwater, or Seth Dog as Mase named him years back because he used to follow him around like a faithful fucking dog. We still tease him about that shit. Seth Dog was a kid on the street homeless with no family, he was stealing food just so he could eat, Mace found him and took him under his wing. Seth became a Wild Boy and rose through the ranks to eventually run his own dope house. Seth's doing three years after the house he ran was raided. Lucky for him, they didn't find the major stash or he would really be doing some hard time. James Smith, better known as Killer, is just what the title suggest: a natural born motherfucking killer. Mase met Killer years back through an acquaintance around a time when they needed a fucking hit man, they hired James for the job and needless to say Mase never let that motherfucker go. Killer is currently doing a fifteen-year stint for getting caught up on a murder rap. He slipped and fucked up because he was worried about some chick he was fucking at the time. Last, but not fucking least, we got Masen Cullen a.k.a Mase. He's one smooth, ruthless, loyal, patient motherfucker. Mase was brought into the Wild Boyz by his dad, Carlisle, when he was a little-ass kid. Carlisle started bringing Mase on heists and drug deals. The kid learned quickly, real fucking quickly. Mase has been in and out of juvie most of his childhood, then in and out of prison in adulthood. He took over the Wild Boyz when Carlisle went to prison eight years back. He was only seventeen then, and he's kept his bunch of merry criminals in line, for the most part. Mase has nine days left in a two-year sentence on some trumped up drug charges. They just wanted to catch up the leader because they knew Mase is the reason why all of The Wild Boyz are around and living well. Each and everyone one of them owes him their lives and because of that, they would do anything for him. They're currently in the middle of an intense pull up competition; the pot is twenty cigarettes to the winner. Mase is on the bar doing his fucking thing with speed and precession as the rest of them stare on. His tall body strains from the effort to complete his sets. His eyes scan over the other inmates as they exercise, hang out with their friends, smoke, or just shooting the shit. That's the thing about Mase, he's always on high alert. All it takes is one little distraction, and you can get caught up in here. You never know when a motherfucker will catch you slippin' and slit your throat. "Two hundred." Mase grunts then jumps down from the bar, rubbing his hands together. He looks over to Big E and gives him a smug smile that basically says 'Beat that motherfucker'. Not to mention that, at last count, Big E could only do one hundred and twenty pull ups. No matter how big his ass is, he can't beat Mase in pull-ups; now, lifting is another fucking story. That motherfucker bench presses like two-fifty! Big E bumps Mase on the shoulder as he stands in front of the chin up bar. "I'm about to wipe that smug look of your face. I've been practicing my ass off, Mase." E starts his set fast as hell. Everyone stands around staring at him. They know at once that Big E's ass is going to lose his momentum real quick. The fucker should pace himself. He gets to one fifteen and all but falls to the ground as the rest of them crack up laughing at his big ass. "Pay up motherfucker!" Mase yells, jumping up like a big kid. Once he calms his happy ass down he turns and picks up the pot like he hit the jackpot. Mace's ass is acting like it's fucking Christmas or some shit. It's simple things that they would laugh at on the outside that feels like heaven in prison. He's holding on to those twenty cigarettes, putting them up to his nose and inhaling deeply. "Damn, Mase can I get a bone?" Killer eyes Mace's newfound riches hungrily. "What! You got me fucked up! You better go ask your little girlfriend, Laurie, to let you smoke on his cock." Mase tells him as the rest of the guys laugh their asses off. Mase shakes his head not believing Killer's nerves. "If you wanted in on the pot, you should've gotten your ass up and did some lifts." Mase yells out as Killer gives him a brief stare down, but then fixes his fucking face because he knows that Mase is not going to stand for blatant disrespect, even from one of his boys. They all know Killer likes giving it up the ass to his cellmate, Laurent. Hey, they don't judge. Do whatever you need to do to survive the place. In prison, you eat or be eaten; kill or be killed. If you not down with a particular crew, you're as good as dead in the fucking place. One lone motherfucker in a pen full of vultures can't survive. It's a fucked up fact. So you either bend over like Laurent, or Laurie as he goes by did, and let a motherfucker own you, or you get used by a whole bunch of motherfuckers over and over. Now, the one thing about being owned by one fucker like Laurie, is that he don't get messed with by anyone because people know he belongs to Killer and if he belongs to Killer he's basically protected by The Wild Boyz. That's the thing about prison, their ain't shit to do but read, exercise, do drugs, and fuck —if you into that shit. Most of our crew is into pussy. Both Mase and J-Dub have fucking wives and kids. They like old-ass men at twenty-five. It doesn't matter what a motherfucker does in the pen; you got to find away to survive this place and everybody does it differently. Even if they don't agree with Killer's taste in certain things, they respect him none-the-less. Big E fucks any female guard he can, and they still don't judge his ass. Really, who wants CO pussy? Seth Dog is too into hustling for everything to let his ass get caught up in prison life—he must jack off at night or some shit. Both J-Dub and Mase are crazy in love with their wives. Don't even ask, how that shit happened, but about seven years ago they were at a party and ran into these two little chicks from the west side of Detroit. Somewhere overhead the shrill of the bell rings, ending their little hour of freedom and brings them back to the reality that is life in prison. As they all shuffle their way back into the prison, their crew reaches the entrance the same time as the Van Dyke crew. Now The Wild Boyz and Van Dykes, have never gotten along. That beef goes way back before any of them were even in the game, but that's just how it is. Not to mention The Wild Boyz just don't like them motherfuckers on principal. Now, the leader, Sam, is staring fucking daggers. Mase just smirks at his punk ass. "Ladies first," Mase says, tilting his head toward the door, and for a second the energy in the air is tense as fuck. They are on the verge of some serious shit until one of the guards comes between them putting her police baton up. "Move it along!" Officer Denali yells as her eyes rake over the shirtless men. Sam and his crew walk into the prison with one final look. Officer Denali eyes Mase desperately; she fucks some of the inmates for little favors or a turned head. She tried that shit with Mase, but he turned her nasty ass down. Fuck he look like banging some desperate broad when he got fine-ass Bee at home? He stares at the woman, taking in her bleach blonde hair, wrinkled skin, and sagging breasts. He pushes past her while she licks her nasty-ass lips at him. She holds her baton up again, but this time starts to run it down his bare chest. "Less than two weeks left, Cullen. You may need my help to stay out of trouble." She openly eye fucks him, but he pushes her baton to the side and shakes his head. "No, thanks, Officer. I don't think I'll ever need that much help." We walk past her as she glares in his direction, the crew follows behind him,