Title of Story: Souls of Men Rating: M Pairing: Edward/Bella Genre: Angst Word Count: 11,062 (wordcounttool dot com) Story Summary: Blood lines run deep. Loyalties are fierce and violent. Arranged marriages erase debt and strengthen unions. Cash is king. Bella Swan must decide if she believes there can be good men who do bad things. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. There were five families. In the old days rivalries ended with bullet-riddled bodies, the pop of flashbulbs recording the carnage for the newspapers. Corruption tainted every politician, priest and business owner in the city. There came a dark day, a day our parents remember, when the families were forced underground. Everyone had a brother, cousin or husband in prison. As years passed the families rose again, grooming their offspring in elite private schools. They bred educated thugs, far more dangerous than the generations before them; beloved in their respective neighborhoods and feared just the same. Political office came easily to the new generation and without knowing it the city was under their thumb again. The faces have changed but some things remain the same. The blood lines run deep. Loyalties are fierce and violent. Arranged marriages erase debt and strengthen unions. Cash is king. I once found a shoebox full of neatly stacked and banded hundred dollar bills under Edward's bed. He was sixteen years old, caught between studying for the ACT's and a different kind of education, one that he rarely spoke about. It was always there, cell phone ringing at late hours; showing up to school with bruised knuckles and tired eyes. Alice told me not to ask questions. She never spoke about her family's business. None of them did. Our prestigious school on the West Side hosted kids from all five families. Maybe if my dad hadn't saved up his meager police officer's salary to send me there I could have had a normal life. I could have had a small house in the suburbs, two kids and a posed Christmas card photo every year. I'm sure it's what he envisioned for me. He was a diligent man, working hard to uncover the misdeeds of the city's richest citizens. He was also misguided, eventually letting righteousness cloud his judgment. He didn't think there were good men who did bad things. In the end he couldn't see that he had become one of them. Looking back, even after my own darkest days, I wouldn't take any of it back. Not for anything. Now would be the right time to cry. "You always thought you were better than me." He's grabbing my wrists in one hand, so tight that I can feel my bones shift. His other hand is pulling up the skirt of my uniform. "Michael, stop," I say, not recognizing my own voice. I'm in shock, out of my body. I can't stop looking at his face, watching him grimace as my body fights against him. I've known him since kindergarten. When he walked into the diner tonight it was like seeing a ghost. The Cullen family cut me off so swiftly that I sometimes felt I made the whole thing up. Michael's presence sent me into a tailspin. I was distracted enough that I didn't see him waiting for me when I brought out the trash. He tries to force his leg between mine. I struggle, managing to get one hand free. I see headlights bounce off of the brick wall on the other side of the alley. I start to yell for help and the back of his hand makes contact with my cheekbone. My knees buckle and my shoes slip in the snow. I have the sick realization that it's likely no one is going to hear me even if I scream. The diner is the last place open at this time of night and I'm closing alone. "Get up." He hits me again and this time he wraps his hand around my bicep to keep me from falling over, jerking me upward. " I said get up ." "Don't do this, Michael. Please," I plead. He won't look at me. He fumbles with his belt. I see the figure behind him just before an arm wraps around his neck, jerking him backward. I pull my skirt down and stumble, landing on my hands and knees. The man has Michael by the shirt, his fist drawing back and making contact, over and over again. I don't need to see his face to know who it is. I know by the silhouette in the streetlight. I would know from a mile away. Michael sputters, blood on his face. Edward shoves him backward and he stumbles. Edward pulls him up by the front of his shirt. He's going to hit him again. "Stop," I say it loud, my voice commanding like I needed it to be a few minutes ago. Edward's fist pauses in midair. I can see his pulse racing in the vein below his jaw. His eyes aren't his own until he blinks, coming to. He drops Michael back into the snowbank. I don't look down at him, afraid I may be sick. I keep my focus on Edward, not that I could look anywhere else. There's blood on his clothes and hands. I pick my keys up off the ground and try to open the back door. After a few seconds he takes the keys and does it for me, holding it open for me. Everything is just as I left it, the kitchen dark and quiet. My purse is on the counter and my coat is thrown over the back of a chair. Automatically, I walk to the phone. Edward comes toward me and I recoil, dropping the receiver on the counter. He hangs it up, keeping a safe distance between us. "No cops," he says. I should have known better, I suppose. He pulls out a burner and dials, not breaking our gaze while it rings. "I need you and Em at the diner….yeah, that one...in the alley. You'll recognize him." He flexes his hand without wincing, the knuckles split and bleeding. He looks me over. I'm too stunned to assess the damage on my own body. "Call Dr. Banner. See if he can bring his bag." He ends the phone call and it's quiet again. I haven't seen him since Esme's funeral over a year ago. I haven't seen any of them since that day. An occasional article in the paper but nothing that compares to seeing him in the flesh in front of me. There's something I should say here; something that I practiced in my mind a thousand times. I can't remember a single word of it. "Are you okay?" he asks. My body hurts, but it's nothing compared to the ache in my chest. I'm not sure if it's because of what just happened or if it's being this close to Edward again, though. "No," I say, honestly. Slowly, he reaches his hand out, toward my cheek. "Can I…?" he asks. I take a step back. He looks more like Carlisle every year. His jaw is sharper and his shoulders broader than last time I saw him. He's wearing a slim grey suit. He drops his hand and follows my gaze, looking down at his attire. "I was coming from a meeting." I wonder what kind of meeting takes place this late at night. "You're bleeding," I say. He looks down at his hand but makes no move to help himself. The suit will be ruined, I'm sure. "Bella…" he starts, but nothing follows it. He closes his mouth. "Why are you here?" I ask. "Why are you still working at the diner?" he asks, looking me over. My uniform is tight and short, but the cut of the bust is high and modest. I make good tips and like the regulars. My boss is an old friend of my dad's. Since I graduated I haven't been able to find a "real" job. Not for lack of trying, though. Something in me ignites. "I forget how easily things come to you when you're a Cullen." It's not that he's entitled. Even in high school he worked hard, not content to skate through on his family name. Not all of the bosses' kids are that ambitious. He's never really struggled, though. My eye hurts so badly I see stars and I can feel the bruise forming, hot under my skin. I grab a bag of peas from the freezer, one for me and one for Edward. He sets his on the counter. "You're better than this," he says, gesturing at our surroundings. I stare at him. There's a lot I've forgotten. His arrogance is one of them. "You sound like Carlisle," I say, knowing it's unkind. He doesn't react like I thought he would, though. He shrugs, like he's accepted that part of himself. "Anyway, you lost the right to comment on my life a long time ago," I continue. This time he does what I expect, dropping his gaze. I recognize genuine pain and regret in his expression. I thought that would make me feel good, but instead tears start to well up in my eyes. "You know what? I'm fine. I'm going to finish up here and I'm going to go home." Turning, I put the peas back in the freezer, trying not to wince at the pain in my wrists. He's watching me closely. "Dr. Banner is on his way. He should look at your eye." "I'm okay. I don't need him to." "Bella, you need-" "Please leave," I say, barely holding it together. He doesn't move. "Please," I whisper. When the door shuts behind him I slide down the wall, crying harder than I have in a year. By the time I leave, Michael is gone and there's no evidence that anything happened here. No blood. No footsteps. It was all a dream. I walk in to whispers, practically the entire church turning in their seats to get a look at me. The Cullens don't turn, though. They're in the first pew, Alice's head on Jasper's shoulder. Edward is in the first seat. There's not a place for me there, not that I expected it. I sit in the back by myself, ignoring the people who stare at me. The coffin comes down the middle aisle, followed by priests with incense. The smoke is thick and makes me feel like I can't get a full breath. I sit through the service, unable to shed a tear. Mine are gone. Carlisle, Jasper, Edward and Emmett get up at the end to carry out the coffin. I hear Alice break down as they start to move. Edward sees me just before he passes. I watch him go through all of the stages of grief in that moment, one by one. Alice passes, too consumed to see me. Rose does, though. She looks away after a second, her arm around Alice's shoulders. When they're gone I stay seated, after the church is empty and no voices echo in from outside. I stay seated so long that the priest comes to check on me. Outside, I get in my car and drive back to my dad's house to start packing his things. I'm not sure I could afford to stay here even if I wanted to, so I'm selling it. He has pictures of me framed on his mantle. There's one of the six of us before prom. One from graduation. There's a posed photo of my mom and dad that was taken before I was born. It's the only one I keep. I wake up to someone pounding on my apartment door. Bolting up in bed, I grab my robe and get up, wincing at the stiffness in my knees from when I fell. Judging from the light it's late afternoon. Jasper's face is visible