Title of Story: Island Nights Rating: M Pairing: Edward and Bella Genre: Crime/Romance Word Count: 11,991 (wordcounttool dot com) Story Summary: "Come in and sit down, Eddy. You know I don't want the money." His eyes lingered on my jeans and I shivered. "Just an hour with your girlfriend and we'll call it square." Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. I knew Edward was jumpy. He recognized a man across the street, a slow shake of his head answering some unspoken question. I heard the "fuck" from under his breath, and after that, he was completely different. He watched his back as if there was someone following us. His grasp of my hand was tighter; his steps a little faster, the easygoing feeling of enjoying a day of freedom was gone. He steered me into a hotel with a busy bistro area overlooking the water, telling me with a forced smile that the food was always good here, finding us a table smack in the middle. I had this horrible feeling that we were using a public place to protect us and it didn't take long to find out that I was right. An extra chair appeared and the same man sat down with us. He smelled like aniseed and sweat. "Who do we have here?" Edward scanned the room, bristling, and replied, "I'm not working. Get the fuck out. Another time." "You're always working," he said, running his eyes over me. "And I'm definitely interested in this one." I sucked in a breath and my heart started pounding. I looked sideways at Edward, seeing an ominous vein pulsing in his neck. He covered the back of my chair with his arm, leaning forward slowly in a threatening manner and without a hint of emotion, he said, "This one's not for sale." He didn't move. He waited on the reaction from a man more than twice his age. The man sat back, playing with a heavy gold chain around his wrist, and I saw the shiny skin of his head through a thin comb over. With a smirk, he looked up. "Everyone's for sale, Eddy." He chuckled softly and looked around the restaurant. "I think you two had better come with me before things get ugly in front of all these families. I'm only after my compensation for the last unfortunate incident if you remember." Edward's eyes narrowed and he looked at the man with contempt. I could feel the vibrations of his legs nervously rattling under the table while he decided what to do. After a few seconds, he answered, "Look, I have it. Just leave her out of it." "You want to leave her here?" he said standing. He put both hands on the table and rocked forward, leering at me. "Who knows what could happen?" Then he bent down and spoke to Edward. "Better come to the Marlin Room. It's nice and private." He smiled at me and turned away, sliding the chair back. Once he was gone, I let out the breath I'd been holding. Edward looked so pained that I touched his cheek, hoping to comfort him. He grabbed my wrist. "Don't! You say nothing, do nothing until we get out of here, okay?" The slap of his sharp words crashed into me and I flinched. This was serious. He'd drawn me into his world, the very thing he'd been avoiding, and now people were looking up from their plates. I responded, trying to hide my growing panic from him. "Sure. Say nothing, do nothing. Gotcha." "I mean it Bella, no matter what happens, don't react. Just keep cool and let me handle it." "Ill try." He looked at me deeply for a second, and then made his decision. "Okay, let's get this over with," he said, standing and holding his hand out. A huge guard held the door open for us to enter. The licorice sweat stench clung to the air and the man looked out the window, surveying the boats at the marina. The light refracting from the ripples on the water seemed to enhance his features and I noticed his ear. It was mostly missing. "Come in and sit down, Eddy. You know I don't want the money." His eyes lingered on my jeans and I shivered. "Just an hour with your girlfriend and we'll call it square." My hand automatically jerked as the need to escape rattled me. The guard was blocking the exit and Edward shot his eyes sideways briefly, showing nothing but I could feel the tension in his hand squeezing mine. "She's not into that game. She's just a friend of mine and you won't lay a finger on her as long as I'm alive." "Which finger?" he asked as he tilted my jaw up. "This one?" Edward took a step forward and shoved him backwards, ripping my hand out of his grasp. He held the man's shirt and yanked him back, holding him eyeball to eyeball. The guard moved up but the man put his hands up to calm everyone down. Edward pushed him away and wiped his hands on his jeans. "Don't fucking touch her again." The man shrugged his clothes back into position, calmly nodding to the guard and said, "I think you need to learn some respect, Eddy." The guard hooked his hand around my neck, forcing my back onto his chest. His fingers gripped my throat and I tried to hold on to the words Edward had said. "Don't react. Just keep cool." "You need to earn my respect," Edward said calmly. The man raised his eyebrows slightly and that tiny mannerism struck a bolt fear into my heart. My knees gave out slightly. Edward's eyes darted between the two men as a second or two passed and then he accelerated. He drew a small pistol from his pocket and jammed it onto the forehead of the man, holding the back of his neck, glaring at the guard who hesitated, not sure what to do, gauging the timing of his action against the speed of a bullet through the head of his employer. Then Edward did something unexpected. He pulled the trigger. A bullet didn't fire but it may as well have. Their eyes. I'll never forget the shock in their eyes when he did it. Edward's were playful but full of promise. "It's your lucky day," he deadpanned. "You fucker," the man scowled and fell back, obviously shaken to the core. Edward took a step toward the guard, glanced at his gun and said, "Still two left, how's your luck?" The guard dropped his hold on me, letting Edward pull me behind him, keeping the gun pointed at them as we backed away. "I told you not to lay a finger on her. It's your own fucking fault." The man was breathing hard, his rage barely contained, his eyes black and piercing with hatred for Edward. "You'll pay for this." "As long as she's safe I don't give a shit." Edward threw a wad of money on a table and seethed, "We no longer do business. Now we're square." "You're gone, Eddy." He shook his head slowly, disgusted by the boy who showed no respect, who flaunted his rules. "You can forget about doing any kind of business in this town." "Fuck you," Edward retaliated, wanting the last word, screwing his face up viciously and raising his middle finger. As soon as we were out the door, he had to hold me up because my legs were useless. God only knows what expression I had on my face through the restaurant but I kept it together somehow until we were out in the air. Hyperventilating, I let him help me to the car and we sped off with me crying, begging him to tell me the gun had no bullets, that they were playing a game. He never answered. He looked at me a couple of times as we drove south, eventually turning the radio on to drown out the overwhelming silence. -I~N- Three months earlier, I'd just graduated from college and was starting this adventure. My best friend Rosalie and I took off to work on a resort for six months, saving as much as we could for our long-planned trip to Europe. We tried to get as far away from home as we could and that's exactly where we ended up - about as far south as you can get from the state of Washington. It was hot, humid and very tropical looking, a resort not far off the coast with a stunning golf course and about a hundred rooms, some just set back from palm fringed beaches, others hidden and secluded in well tended gardens. There were two story blocks of double rooms, big expensive suites and a handful of thatched bungalows. No matter what their budget, it was our job to make the guests believe they had landed in paradise and I was usually the first person they saw when I greeted them at our tiny airport. Rosalie was waiting tables and I had scored a job in the office. There were usually two of us staffing the reception counter and we worked our asses off during checkouts and arrivals, the hours each side of the arrival of the planes at 12:30 and 3:30. The rest of the day, we kept a smile on our faces and cruised, mainly giving directions. Until now we both had to start at 7:30 AM but a new employee, Emily, had arrived so the supervisor bumped me to the 11:00 AM split shift, starting right before morning checkout, meaning my probationary period was over and I was getting an upgrade. The 'office bitches', a small group of us, were deemed important enough to occupy the better staff accommodations, sharing a bathroom between two rooms. We didn't have to wait for one of the old timers to leave either. The 'house mouses', gardeners, restaurant and bar staff all had to start in what was lovingly known as 'Slink', two rows of shoddy transportable rooms joined together by a massive timber deck strewn with an assortment of odd discarded items acting as furniture. The whole structure was covered so it didn't leak but it definitely absorbed mold. The smell soaked into everything and no matter how many times you washed your stuff, it refused to leave you, probably because the clothes lines were strung up over the deck between the rooms. Most people would do anything to get out of there. It inevitably involved sex, jumping into somebody's bed up the hill. I guess the quick coupling helped people settle down to life isolated away from the rest of the world. I was moving my meager possessions out before I started my shift, wanting to settle in before I went back in the evening. The thing I had been avoiding was now going to be right in front of my face – literally - the caravan - parked between Slink and our new accommodations up the hill. Its two permanent occupants, the head barman, Emmett, and the staff barman, Edward, dominated the hierarchy in this place and were intimidating as hell. Edward, especially, made me feel very uneasy. Rosalie had quickly started sleeping with Emmett and she had just received an invitation to move into the caravan on a more permanent basis than just overnight, most nights. She was both very brave and very reckless. The caravan was the coolest place on the island, as well as the scariest. Slink's communal female bathroom with its lack of privacy was the first place I noticed Edward watching me, smoking a joint, sitting as brazen as can be on a car bench seat, right outside the entry. He got up as a towel clad girl walked out and they left together. I was still watching him when he turned and winked at me after handing