Title of Story: Ending Rating: M Pairing: Edward/Bella Genre: Horror/Tragedy Word Count: 4,347 (wordcounttool dot com) Story Summary: When shit went down a few years ago, I never imagined seeing the United States of America so desolate. Empty. Well, mostly empty, anyway. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Ending ~I want your world to begin and end with me. - E.L. James.~ I check my weapons, which these days, don't really consist of much like they used to. A sawn off shotgun, a glock, and a butchers knife. There's a baseball bat in the back seat, but I don't like to get up close and personal when I'm slaying. I make sure my vest is on properly, tight and unpenatrable. At least, I hope so. I tuck the glock away and grab the shotgun and my black duffel bag before jumping out of the car and onto the deserted, once suburban street. When shit went down a few years ago, I never imagined seeing the United States of America so desolate. Empty. Well, mostly empty, anyway. Movement at the end of the street catches my eye, and I duck behind the nearest tree. No point in wasting bullets. Glancing around, I spot the lonely looking house, pretty much the same as every other in the area. Perfect for a little looting. I keep to the shadows, slinking around the side of the middle class house until I reach the back garden. Hearing movement, no doubt the fucking biter from the front, I creep in the back door and close it s quietly as possible. Maybe it'll vanish if it doesn't hear anything. At first glance, this place makes me sad. The kitchen seems homey. Family orientated. Kids drawings are pinned to the refrigerator and small, pencil drawn lines on the door frame mark the ages of some poor kid who probably didn't make it through the fucking infection. I sigh, shaking my head, and make my way around the kitchen table to the door in the corner. Most houses don't have a lot of food stocked these days, but it's still worth a try. When the breakout initially happened, local new stations had been informed their viewers to stay inside and avert panic. Stupid fucking idea if you ask me, but hey. I'm the one still alive. Larger stores still have nearly full stocks of food and water, but I try like hell to avoid that shit. After the last time, I sure as shit won't do that again. When I pull the door open, my eyes blink. And blink. And then I shake my head. Because the pantry is god damn full to the brim with food. My mouth waters just seeing all the cans and bottles. I start filling up the bag, tossing in everything my hands touch. I'm contemplating a second trip to refill when a sharp click rings through the silent room. "Get out ...of my house." I take a second to weigh my options. Female voice, so most likely small. Shaky tone, clearly hasn't associated with anyone in a while. She's scared. "I don't want to cause any trouble." I try to sound soothing. "Then get the fuck out of my house." The woman sneers, her voice still trembling. "Look," I turn around, coming face to face with a shotgun, behind which stands a petite brunette. "I thought this place was empty." "Well, it's not." She cocks the gun. "Fair enough," I nod, and move carefully around her. She keeps the gun pointed at me as I move, my eyes taking inventory over her. Dark long hair, dark eyes. She's like a kitten, trying to be tough. It's cute, really. And if it were five years ago, I'd have turned on the charm. I'm almost to the back door when I hear it. Moaning. Growling. I move faster than she can comprehend, marching past her with my glock pointed in front of me, and head up a flight of stairs. The noises become clearer, and when I barge through what I assume to be a bedroom door, I'm disgusted. "No, Please!" I hear the girl yell as she races up the stairs. My eyes are glued to the woman on the small bed, with her arms strapped to the headboard with belts. She growls unintelligibly, her rotted teeth snapping and crunching at the air. "Get out!" The brunette rushes in front of me, with her shotgun pressed to my chest. "Please, just go." "You're feeding her?" I spit, noticing the half chewed limbs discarded around the room, and the stench of rotted flesh. "You don't understand." She shakes her head at me. "You're fucking sick!" I sneers, pointing a finger. "I didn't ask for your opinion." She growls at me. The woman behind her snarls. "She's dead." I point to the beast on the bed behind her. "You know that right? She's fucking dead ." The brunette turns away, staring around the room. "And as soon as she get's out of those poorly strapped fucking restraints you got over there, it's you she's gonna come after." "She's my mom!" The girls screeches, her eyes glassy. "What the hell am I supposed to do?" "Put a bullet between her eyes and fucking end her misery!" I yell at her, because come the fuck on. Really? "It's not that easy!" "I should just kill you both." I hiss, pointing my gun at her. I expect to see fear. Anguish. Something that shows she's scared to die, but instead she only closes her eyes and steps closer to me. So close the barrel of my Glock presses against her forehead. "So do it." She whispers. "Bella..." The fucking monster behind her moans, her voice doubled barreled like a demon. Innocent and devilish. " So hungry." "You should go." The girl warns me as her eyes drift open and lock on mine. "So should you." I pull the gun away from her. She shakes her head at me and smiles. "I'm not going anywhere." "Bella!" Her mother roars, and Bella flinches. But still her eyes don't stay from mine. I should just leave. This isn't my responsibility to bear, and I swore after losing everyone close to me that I'd remain alone. It's just easier that way. So I can't explain why I grab the girl. Why I strike the back of her head with the butt of my gun, just enough to knock her out. And after wasting a bullet in her mothers head, I definitely can't explain why I scoop Bella up into my arms and leave the house with her. I'm going to regret this so hard. -Three Months Later- I roll down the window, rubbing at the back of my neck and cringe at the sticky sweat and grime I find. "Couldn't have you at least stole a car with air conditioning." I take a really deep fucking breath. "Yeah, because the first thing on my mind when I stole the car wasn't the full tank of gas, or the fact that it, you know, works. No. I was making sure we'd be nice and cool." Bella huffs at me, and turns back to staring out the window. She still hasn't forgiven me for the whole, shooting her mother and rendering her unconscious thing. Its been three months of eyes rolls, scoffs, huffs, disgusted snarks and all around bitchy behaviour. Hey, I tried to be nice. I even went back and grabbed her some clothes, along with some of that other girly crap. Like soaps and fruity shampoo's. And yes, I made a third trip back to the house to restock the bag with food and water. I knew I'd fucking regret it. But I can't deny, at least she's here. At least I'm not alone. But she doesn't have to know that. "You were in the military?" She asks, her eyes still on the passing desert beyond the passenger window. "What?" I ask, because frankly I'm shcked she said more than her usual " Fuck You." "You're tags." She points to my neck. I tuck my dog tags away from her prying eyes. "Uh, yeah." "Hmm." She stares back out the window. "A soldier." "Yeah, so?" I ask defensively. "So, where were you when the outbreak began?" She turns to me. "We were promised military reinforcement, but no one ever showed up. Everyone was left to fend for themselves." "We didn't know." I tell her stoically. "But they said-" "We didn't know!" I cut her off harshly. "We weren't told a fucking thing, okay? One minute, I was on base just outside of Baghdad, and the next I was on a plane home. By the time we landed everyone was dead. Gone. Fucking infected and turned, and we didn't know a thing about it." She's silent for a long time, while I seeth, staring out the windshield at the vast empty road we're on. I remember going back to my family home, and seeing blood smeared up the once pristine white front door. By the time I got inside... I blink, pushing the images from my head before they settle and begin to hurt. No point reminiscing the past. "Sorry," She whispers, so quietly I almost miss it. "And what about you, little miss fucking silent?" I gripe at her. "You expect me to sit here and dish out my life story while you say nothing about yourself?" Bella looks at me and shrugs. "There's nothing to tell." "Try me," I throw a glance her way, rasing an eyebrow in the process. "Fine." She sighs. She pulls a hair tie from her wrist and wraps her hair into a bun, exposing her pale, smooth neck. So soft... I shake my head. She looks at me funny. "Okay, so. I was born and raised in Forks, Washington. When I graduated High School I moved out to Seattle to attend UW. Studied for three years and got my teaching degree. And I moved back to Forks just before this all happened." "How old are you?" I ask, because I genuinely have no idea. She looks around eighteen, but I know she's not. "Twenty two. What about you?" "Twenty seven." I answer. "Where were you born?" "Chicago." "College?" "No. I signed up for the military when I turned eighteen." "That;s cool." She nods. "Any brothers or sisters?" I'm silent, and then, "Not anymore." We don't speak again for the rest of the day. -Three Months Later- "Things you miss most about life before the outbreak. Go." "Uh..." I blink. There's so many things I miss. She does this often. Makes up little games to amuse herself. Fill the silence. I go along with it, because sometimes she can be pretty fucking funny. Especially when she gets all flustered, trying to win one over. "I miss TV." She shrugs, turning back to the fridge in front of her. We're raiding, yet again. "Beer. Man, Ice cold beer." I sigh longingly. "You could probably find that. In fact, I'm sure I saw a couple of bottles across the street." She smirks. "No point. Have to stay alert." I shrug. "I don't think one beer would lower that iron clad defence of yours." She rolls her eyes, and stuffs a few questionable looking jars in the duffle. "True. But I wouldn't stop at just one beer. I need a fucking case load to deal with this shit." I chuckle bitterly. "Hmm." We're silent again, and it's comfortable. "McDonalds." I try. "Ooh, In and Out. God, those were yummy." She laughs. "Movies." "Music." "Showers." "Sitting at an actual table to eat." "Lounging on the sofa." "Gardening." "You garden?" I ask, turning to face her. "Yeah, in the summers. I miss that. Oh! Having an actual bed to sleep in." She points at me. We both groan at the same time. "Fuck, that sounds nice." "Yeah, almost as nice as sex."