Title of Story: Chameleon Rating: M Pairing: Bella and Edward Genre: Adventure Word Count: 5,298 (wordcounttool dot com) Story Summary:Bella Swan - professional killer with a remarkable talent for disguise. Edward Cullen - rich, powerful ... and dangerous. Neither knows what the other has in store for them. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. In the heart of the city, inside a twenty-five story building, a few minutes before noon, there comes a shout of a name. "SWAN!" Bella Swan sits up abruptly from her slouching position and glares at the grinning dark-skinned man at the desk next to hers. She always hates this newbie who apparently thinks he has the ability to defrost "the Ice Queen," as her co-workers prefer to call her. The nickname is not entirely false, per se. Bella's gaze is sharper than glaciers in the Arctic. Her cold demeanor is darker and scarier than any figure in any horror movie or story. She may be beautiful, but her attitude is enough for all interested males to shift their attention elsewhere. Well, except one. "What?" Bella asks sharply. If he woke Bella up to play a trick on her, he was asking for a death sentence. The young woman is tired, having been up all night to attend to an office emergency. Plus, his cards do not look great to start with. Despite Bella's indifference, this co-worker is just unrelenting. "Chief's calling for you," Jacob Black says, his smile not fading at her tone and expression. Bella has the urge to knee him in the groin to wipe that smirk off his face. "Oh, and you're coming to dinner with me." Bella fights harder against the violent urge. "Did Chief ask you to do that?" She raises a brow. "No." "Then, why do you expect me to follow?" After reaching for her empty Styrofoam cup, Bella stands up and leaves the room. She feels eight pairs of eyes on her as she walks. Stupid co-workers , she thinks with displeasure as she throws the cup away. When Bella reaches the twentieth floor, she goes to the receptionist, another person she dislikes. "Black said Chief called for me." She stares at the blonde, face void of any emotion. Heidi's face, however, is a picture of fury. Heidi despises this woman after knowing her for only two weeks. "He does," she responds tightly. "He's waiting inside." She is infuriated when Bella leaves without a thank you, but she knows that she should expect no more from the Ice Queen. Bella feels relieved to be free from one of the shallow people she has the misfortune of working with. If she didn't like her work in the office, she would have resigned a long time ago. "Chief." Bella gives a curt nod in greeting and sits on the chair the Chief offers. "Agent Swan, it's so nice to see you up and about. I am sorry about last night. Agent Biers was careless, so we called you in. You're close to the location, and we knew you'd finish the job faster than anyone." Chief smiles while Bella nods once again. She's waiting for the real reason why she was summoned. "Here at the office, there are secrets. Some are not aware of those. My secretary is a perfect example." Bella almost snorts. She knows that and the fact entertains her more than it should. Chief has a small smile. "Isabella, you are one of the most gifted agents we have. It is our honor to have you working with us. And with your consistent progress, we are reassured that you can handle anything we give you. The world is full of—" "Sir, can you just give me my assignment?" Bella tries to be polite but she's not one for hearing long speeches. She appreciates actions better than words. Bella is surprised to see a knowing grin on the chief's face. "See? You are impatient, Agent Swan. Sometimes it's not enough to just grab and go. You have to think about it. I'm not saying you're not thinking when on the field"—he quickly says—"I told you; you're one of the very best we have. We need you to … exercise more control and mastery on this one, because we have lost people in taking him down." Bella registers the gender. It's a male. Even though she knows males are easy targets, she has to follow the Chief's advice and take this mission more seriously than the others. Her eyes widen a little after hearing the fate of others before her. "I understand, Chief," Bella says solemnly. Chief stares at Bella, gauging her expression, before tossing the file folder across the table. "Our client is a big enemy of this target. We're dealing with a person with a vast power in the underworld now, Agent Swan. Be careful." Chief stressed those last two words. "I understand," Bella repeats. She opens the folder and is taken slightly aback at the large picture of a handsome man. She regains composure, because she is sitting in front of her boss after all. Flipping the picture over, she reads the information about—her eyes go to the top page where the name is—Edward Anthony Masen Cullen. The highly confidential mission requires her to kill him and make it look like anything but murder. There should be no trace that will lead to his enemy, and their client, Mr. James Bean. Bella snorts. "Is there a problem, Agent Swan?" "No, sir." Bella closes the file. Since she has a mission to fulfill, she doesn't need to stay in the "office" that is more popularly known to some people as Grecian Agency . "I know what needs to be done." "Perfect. You're dismissed now." Chief turns to answer his phone while Bella stands up and thinks about her new mission as she leaves. She decides to research, so she goes to the highest floor of the building, the floor with access only for the field agents—people who are paid and skilled to kill. Bella is not an average employee. She works for an independent intelligence agency who serves clients—usually the powerful or the rich—that want to have an … unlawful job done. Technically, Bella is a professional killer with a remarkable gift in disguise. That's her forte. Chief is right; Bella Swan is deadly. One does not know what is going on in her mind because she is the master of disguise. She uses her ID to get through the security doors and arrives at the information center. There are several agents on the computers and lounge chairs. Bella takes the computer on the farthest corner and starts perusing the databases. It seems like Mr. Edward Cullen is the president of Cullen-Masen Corporation , a company that is very well-known for its many land properties and prestigious infrastructures. To the public, he may very well pass off as an ordinary successful businessman. But according to Grecian Agency 's databases, he is heavily involved with drug trafficking and presumably murder. Bella gets confused. There is not enough information about the murders he committed. She knows he kills; the chief pointed that out to her. Bella glances at the folder and looks for the characteristics. Physical characteristics: 6 feet 2 inches, thin and lanky but muscular. Trademark is untidy bronze hair. Others: Smart and cunning. He is able to cover his tracks within twenty-four hours. Ruthless. Alleged mastermind behind the deaths of notable persons such as Don Laurent Goudicelli (head of Goudicelli crime family) and Eleazar Denali (president of Denali Telecommunications ). Strong political and business influence. Ladies man. For the first time, Bella is impressed. She's never heard of anyone like him; she even regrets not knowing about him sooner. The man knows what he's doing, of that Bella is sure, and she will be ecstatic to see the look of defeat on his face. But what bothers her is the wave of another kind of interest that hits her. Men like Edward Cullen are her type. The apathetic yet strong woman likes someone who can possibly match her. She likes the challenge, the game. And Bella Swan is ready to play the game. Bella gets out of her rented car and gazes at the elite building in front of her. It is a bar actually, but only for the rich. The security is amazing. There are almost thirty armed bodies on the perimeter. Bella will obviously never attack at a place as risky as this. She is only here to get her "props." Based on her research, there will be an event where Mr. Cullen will be present. The location is a hotel owned by one of Cullen's investors. So, she has to find a way to gatecrash at that event … and that's why she's in this bar. Of course, Bella dressed up for the occasion, but not in the way one will be thinking of. Her disguise for the evening is a waitress. Apart from her hair and skin color, other parts of her are "concealed." She wears green contacts and false teeth so she won't be recognized. Normally, she trusts her outfits to do the job of concealing her, but she is precautious. Some gut feeling is telling her that, too. She's wearing black slacks and a black button-up shirt which is good, since it is easy to hide in black. She has her hair in a ponytail, so earpieces are off the hook. In her job, when agents are given a solo assignment, they can have back-up teams for safety measures. Bella never asks for back-up, and she wasn't about to start for Edward Cullen's case. Chief was a little wary when he heard this. After a long discussion with some of the agents and the chief, they finally agreed on her decision. "Hey, Gabby." Seth, a waiter, calls out to Bella. "Gabby" is her cover-up name for the night. Bella turns to smile widely. "Yeah? What is it?" No one would believe that the agency's Ice Queen is capable of smiling, but there she is, smiling naturally. "Help me carry some stuff inside, will you? I know you're new, and I don't want to overwhelm you…" "No, it's okay. Let's go." Bella rushes with Seth and helps the staff with the food and everything. On the outside, Bella is calmly following orders. Inside, she's keeping an eye out through the window that separates the kitchen from the main bar area. When she spots her intended target, she excuses herself to the bathroom. When no one is looking, she grabs a tray, puts on drinks, and goes out into the bar area. She pauses to give drinks to strangers, biding her time. Finally, she reaches the person she's looking for. "Good evening, Ma'am." Bella smiles politely at Lauren Mallory, a woman who has an invitation card to Edward Cullen's event and who's careless enough to let a spy like Bella Swan steal it from her. Bella knows Lauren. She has been present in many of her past cases, an ignorant accessory to numerous crimes. Bella ponders how this woman can be so naïve. She also knows of Lauren's bragging attitude, which Bella has worked to her advantage. After tapping a phone call, she had a plan and access to Edward Cullen. Lauren's invitation card is lying innocently on the table as she waits for her best friend to show up. She looks up at Bella and says, "Martini, two olives, chilled." Bella almost rolls her eyes. She picks up a glass and lets the contents fall on Lauren's dress. Well, the rest is easy to tell. Lauren is literally spewing spit out of rage, moaning about her Gucci dress while Bella apologizes and waits impatiently for her to leave for the restroom. Finally, Lauren leaves and Bella, while trying to mop the mess she made, discreetly grabs for the card and slips it