Title of Story: Mystery Guy Rating: M Pairing: Edward/Bella Genre: Romance Word Count: 6,569 (wordcounttool dot com) Story Summary: Bella, a good-girl college student, becomes obsessed with a gorgeous mystery guy who's obviously doing some illegal activities… Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The sun was shining for once in Seattle and I made my way to the great lawn in the middle of campus. I found a nice spot under a tree and sat down. I watched the people playing frisbee and hanging out with friends before I dutifully started to study for my English Lit class. When I glanced up, my eyes fell upon a mysterious guy sitting on a bench across from the lawn. There was something about him that caught my attention. Not only was he utterly breathtaking, but he also looked out of place among college students. Yet he sat on that bench as if he belonged right there. He wore a black leather vest and dark shades that hid his face. His faded black jeans were ripped in some places. He didn't have a book bag or books with him. He seemed completely free. As he pulled a pack of cigarettes out of his front jacket, he looked around until his eyes fell on me. He kept his gaze in my direction as he placed his cigarette between his lips. I felt myself blush at the sight. I blinked and noticed a smirk play on his face as I swiftly looked down to my book. I had never felt my body react this way and I was completely embarrassed. I forced myself to keep my eyes down and to concentrate on what I was reading. I couldn't stop myself from peeking his way though. And when I left, I noticed him watching me as well. In the following weeks, more times than not, I would find myself sitting by the lawn, spying on a certain mystery guy. He would always sit on the same bench, not doing anything else than smoke and chat with people who stopped by to say hi for short minutes. My mind kept on floating away, fantasizing about this mysterious guy. I wasn't completely naïve, I knew there was something else, some transactions being done, and one could easily presume what it was. Having a chief of police as a dad, I was bound to hear many stories about all kinds of illegal activities. But, honestly, in a totally crazy kind of way, I didn't care about that. Because I couldn't have any rational thoughts when it came to him. -Mystery-Guy- I fidgeted awkwardly against the wall by myself, wondering how in the world I got here, in this grimy house. They were a lot of people everywhere, all of them relaxed and laughing and surrounded by friends. I was uncomfortable at how obvious it was that I didn't belong here. My roommate Jessica had taken pity on my lack of socializing and had convinced me to go to a frat party with her and her friend Lauren. Reluctantly, after a lot of begging, I had agreed. I glanced around, watching people have fun. My interest flared as my eyes fell on the mysterious guy I have been obsessed about. He was walking through the crowd, wearing his leather jacket and ripped jeans. My heart peaked and I couldn't help but follow him with my eyes. He was stunning, tall and lean, with messy hair that begged to have hands running through it. He looked out of place among all of the drunken college students and yet he seemed so at ease in his skin. He was poised but there was a certain lack of amusement on his face, unlike everybody else at the party. He was popular and knew almost everybody. People shook his hand or patted his shoulder as he passed by, even though he barely acknowledged them as he tried to reach his destination, carrying two heavy boxes. It looked like he wasn't here to have fun but to work. As if he felt my gaze, he looked my way and our eyes met briefly. His gaze took my breath away. He didn't have sunglasses on this time and I could see the green of his eyes sparkle with mirth. I felt paralyzed for a nanosecond, my heart stuck in my constraint chest as his piercing glare went through me. He turned away too soon and continued his walk, a smirk adorning his face. Feeling unsettled, I brought my cup to my mouth and took a few big gulps of beer, trying to forget how my body reacted to this stranger. Later in the evening, I found myself in the kitchen, where the light was brighter and the few people there were quieter. There was a small group smoking and chatting in one corner. My heart skipped a few beats when I realized that mystery guy was there too. He was leaning against the counter, and he looked strikingly cool, as if he owned the whole place. The boxes he had carried in earlier were open on the floor next to him, some buff frat guy emptying the bottles of liquor from the boxes and placing them on the counter. I wanted to run out of the room because of the way he made me feel all flustered and nervous, but I couldn't resist watching him. I stood by the door, and I was glad that I was able to look at him without being seen. His head was tilted downward as he counted a pack of bills in his hands. His reddish brown hair stood up in every direction, a few locks freely draped over his eyes and I had an urge to brush his hair back so I could examine his face better. A girl passing through with a tray offered me some jello shots. I took two and tried one. It was sweet and yet I could still taste the bitter alcohol in it. I ate the second one and looked back up to find my mystery guy looking at me with a tantalizing smirk. I forced the jello down, suddenly having difficulty to swallow. He reached in his pocket and took another cigarette out. He licked his lips and kept his gaze on me as he placed it between his lips, making my whole body tremble with desire. As if he knew exactly the power he had on me, a mischievous smile played on his face. The effect of the alcohol was immediate and I felt dizzy. Two preppie looking college boys approached him at that moment, effectively breaking our connection. I took a deep breath, feeling somewhat lightheaded by the eye exchanges. I continued to spy on him while he simply nodded at the two guys, his expression stern, and shook hands with them. Few words were spoken and then they swapped something I couldn't see. When the two guys thanked him and left, I took the opportunity to leave as well, feeling too dazzled to even breathe in his presence. I needed space. I joined Jessica and Lauren who were chatting with two boys. A little while later, when the boys went to get us drinks and the girls took this time to talk about their crushes, I scanned the room, bored. My gaze stopped on my mystery man on the other side of the room. He was surrounded by a group of girls. A tight lump bothered my chest. I felt Jessica lean close to me. "Mr. hotty pants over there is Tony the drug dealer," she whispered. "He is so damn sexy, and he gets around too. Two of my friends slept with him. In the same week." She continued to explain. "I fucked him Freshman year," Lauren announced, with a sly smile. "He's amazing." My insides twisted with disgust. I looked back at my friends. I fought against the urge to rip Lauren apart. "Really? I've never seen him before." I lied, feigning innocence. "If everybody knows he's a player, why even let him use you?" I asked Lauren. Lauren glared at me before laughing. "It was a game for me just as much as it was for him, Bella. We used each other," she stated. "Look at him! He's gorgeous and popular! And this bad boy in bed is fan-fucking-tastic! The best orgasms of my life!" I felt sick. Her words bothered me deep inside. I glanced back at him, trying not to imagine him pleasuring Lauren. I wanted him to be nice and respectful and caring. He looked up just in time to notice us staring at him. His eyes connected with mine and I felt my cheeks reddened. His eyes seemed to travel down my face and lower to my v-neck shirt. I twitched timidly, feeling tingles spark on my skin. When his eyes came back up to meet mine, I couldn't help but stare back, searching for goodness and kindness in his eyes. I didn't know what he saw in mine, but his expression changed and his smirk vanished. I wondered if it could be sadness that I saw in his eyes. I tore my eyes away with an uncomfortable tugging in my heart. Only a few minutes later, I looked over to him again. It was as if I couldn't keep my eyes away from him. The groupies had left him but another beautiful, single girl came next to him, her hand instantly going to his chest while she murmured something into his ear. I watched long enough to see him give her a tiny plastic bag after taking money from her. She placed the bag in her cleavage, his eyes following her actions. She leaned further against him, whispering something, and kissed him. He didn't respond to her advances, but his eyes were devouring her. He watched her as she left. I felt sick to my stomach and something was tearing my chest apart. I was glad when the boys came back with drinks and I drowned myself in it. The girls found more jello shots that we ate while we watched the boys play beer pong in the backyard. After a while, I weaseled my way through the crowd of people and walked up the stairs to find the bathroom. Once upstairs, I searched around and opened the first door I could find. Instantly realizing this was not the bathroom, I stepped back, away from the tangled bodies making out on the bed. Completely horrified for walking on people having sex, I spun around too fast and shut the door. Suddenly, I felt dizzy, block spots blurring my vision. My head was spinning and I felt sick. I held on to the wall and took a few deep breaths, my stomach churning around until I fell to the ground and blackness took over. I heard indescribable sound around me but I couldn't see anything. My head was hurting terribly. "Can you hear me?" A smooth, manly voice asked me. I nodded, instantly regretting the abrupt movement. I whined and pressed my palm to my forehead, hoping I could force the pain out of my head. "I'm gonna help you up now, ok?" "O-kay," I croaked, my voice barely audible. I felt strong hands on me as he carried me, one of his arms around my back and the other under my legs. My head felt so heavy, it rolled to the side and rested against his chest. He sat me on a comfy surface. I forced my eyes to open and looked around. The light was blinding but I managed to notice I was in the bedroom from before, sitting on the bed. I peeked to my side, everything still blurry, and saw my mystery guy looking at me with his deep emerald eyes. The whole room started spinning. I immediately closed my eyes shut, feeling nauseous all over again.