Warnings: This fic is going to contain self harm and abuse, just putting that out there in case that triggers anyone. Disclaimer: I don't own Hunger Games (obviously) just playing around with the characters because it's fun. Hope you enjoy. Katniss POV: A squirrel scrambles halfway down a tree. It stops and raises its head, sniffing the air as if sensing danger. I release the bow sting and an arrow shoots out from the bush where I'm hiding, impaling the creature through the eye, killing it instantly. It falls from the tree and hits the ground with a thump. "Nice shot Katniss." Gale calls as he pulls himself out of a different bush and picks up the still twitching animal. "Hmm." I reply from the bush where I'm hiding. I pull myself out of the bush and approach my friend. "Hmm? Only hmm? Come on Katniss, what's up?" Gale, who has short black hair and a grin on his face nudges me jokingly. "It sensed me before I hit it, I need to be better at being undetected." I state, I stare at the boy in front of me emotionlessly. He shrugs and shoves the squirrel into a bag that already holds 4 other squirrels. "The others didn't sense you." He mutters but I ignore him, brushing past him I take a few steps deeper into the forest. I look up at the trees and spot a Pigeon. Quickly I nock an arrow and shoot at it. The arrow hits the bird in the chest and it flops to the ground where it lies motionless. "I'm sorry Gale, I just need to get better at hunting, I need to be able to support my family." I don't look at him as I pick the bird up, my family means so much to me. Well half of it anyway. I can't care less about my mother, but Prim, my sister. I'd do anything for her. That's why I'm out in the forest, illegally poaching. It's illegal to hunt here even though no one is going to use the forest nor do the peacekeepers care much as long as they don't actually catch you in the act. My father taught me everything I need to know about the forest, how to hunt, what plants are good to eat and what plants to stay away from, that was all before he died, I scowl and try to push those thoughts to the back of my mind. I stroll to a large tree and settle down underneath it. Gale follows, dropping the bags near me and sitting down next to me. "You're a good hunter and you know it." Gale says softly looking at me with gentle brown eyes. He smiles and takes my hand. "So what's really up?" I scowl at him pulling my hand away and tossing my braided hair over my shoulder. I don't want to talk to Gale about this. It's true I can feed my family with my hunting and gathering. I've been supporting her family for years. Gale sighs and picks up the dead pigeon I'd left on the ground near my feet, shoving it into the bag with the squirrels, he gets up, stretching, showing off his well-muscled build. "I saw some ripe strawberries not far from here, want to pick some before we check the traps and head back?" I nod and follow my friend. He's used to me being distant, briefly I wonder why he sticks with me. I suppose it's difficult to find a good hunting partner. The traps have caught us 3 more squirrels and 2 rabbits, Gale is amazing with traps, he taught me how to make them but I'm never going to be as good as him. He also seems to just know the perfect places to set them up that yield the best results. We stop by a large tree where I hide my bow and arrows, Weapons aren't allowed inside the district fence and if the peacekeepers knew about my Bow they'd confiscate it and I'd be flogged. We begin splitting up our find. 4 squirrels each, a rabbit and some strawberries. "You keep the pigeon," Gale smiles as he hands me the bird. "You shot it down after all." I nod and accept the bird. I know Gale won't take no for an answer. Gale leaves first, it was best to re-enter the district alone so as not to create suspicion. I settle myself down and sigh. I live with my mother and sister in a small house in District 12. The poorest district of Panem. My father died in a mining accident years ago and from then on I've had to support my family as my mother just seemed to give up, not caring that her two daughters were starving to death without her providing for them. I angrily punch the tree, how dare my mother do that, how dare she. Somewhere at the back of my mind I know that I'm being unfair but I squash those thoughts before I can dwell on them. I don't want to understand my mother, I want to be angry, because I know that the anger is one of three things that stops me from doing the same. I clench my jaw and curl into a ball. I feel like crying when I think of how my father died and my mother just gave up, but I can't cry, I haven't cried since I was very young, what's the point? Tears won't fix anything and they never will. I look up at the leaves of the tree I'm under. I think of my sister, the second thing stopping me from doing exactly what my mother had done. Prim is 12 years old, she's sweet and kind, there's not a person in district 12 that doesn't like Primrose Everdeen. I smile but it soon fades when I remember what my sisters age means. This year is the first year Prim will be in the reaping. A long time ago the districts had rebelled against the Capitol, the rebellion was crushed and as punishment the Capitol had decreed that every year a girl and boy from the ages 12 to 18 from each district would be selected to fight in the Hunger Games. I shudder at the thought. In the Hunger Games 24 tributes went in to fight to the death, only one came out. What's worse is that the whole thing is televised and it is against the law not to watch it. That is one law the peacekeepers will not overlook, they will drag people out on the street and force them to watch it on the giant TV screens in the square if they have too. The only way to get out of watching it is if you are on your death bed. The reaping is in 2 weeks. I'm dreading it, I take a shuddering breath and decide it's time to return home. Sneaking back into my district through a hole in the fence I start to head home. On the way I stop to sell some of my catch at the Hob. The Hob is the black market of District 12, even the peacekeepers know about it but they don't mind it's presence, you can even sometimes see them trading there when they want to buy some extra meat. Once I've sold most of my meat, as I need some money for things I can't make or gather myself, I return home with 2 squirrels and the pigeon as well as some strawberries for dinner that night. Prim greets me happily, hugging me around the waist, I smile and hug her back tightly. Later that night, after Prim and my mother have gone to bed I find myself sitting in the chair by the dining table. I bury my face in my hands. I'm thinking about the reaping, It's so close. I glance over to the room where my sister and mother are sleeping, our house only has two rooms, three if you count the outhouse, we have a room for living in and a room for sleeping. I squeeze my eyes shut leaning back in the chair I can't take this, I'm terrified my sister will be selected for the Hunger Games, regardless of the fact her name is only in once and I feel completely hopeless since I can't do anything about it. I sigh, repressing the urge to hit the table, I mustn't wake up my family. Silently I grab my hunting bag and reach into a small compartment. This compartment holds nothing but a small pen knife that I bought from the hob a few years ago. I roll up my sleeve, looking down at it in the candle light I run my fingers against the straight parallel scars, as well as the cuts in various stages of healing. Slowly I open out the knife blade, I need this, I can't get by without doing this. This is the third thing that keeps me from doing exactly what my mother did. From withdrawing into myself in pain and hopelessness. I lower the blade onto my arm, selecting a mostly blank space. Pressing down slightly I savagely draw the knife across leaving a thin line of red. I sigh in relief as the blood starts to seep out of the wound. Carefully I lift the knife once more a put 3 more lines on her arm. It feels good, as if all the fear and hopelessness is just flowing away with the blood. I carefully stop the bleeding by holding a scrap of cloth to the wounds and bandage my arm up. After cleaning my knife I stash it back into my bag and creep into bed. I should be able to get to sleep now. 2 Weeks Later: I wake up and stretch. Glancing around I see my mother and sister are still asleep. Perfect, I think as I get up. I quickly get dressed and leave the house. It's reaping day and I have agreed to meet Gale before he reaping. I sneak out of the district and go to the tree where I hide my bow. Once I've retrieved it I settle myself down to wait for Gale. This tree is far enough away from the fence for me to feel comfortable hunting so I casually take down a couple of birds with my bow. After retrieving them I stash them in my hunting bag. Just as I've done this I hear a crack. Glancing up I can't see Gale anywhere. Narrowing my eyes I cautiously climb the tree. Gale and I aren't the only hunters in the forest, I know this. We often came across wolves and other predators but we know to steer clear of these dangerous animals. Surveying my surrounding from my vantage point I spot something that makes me do a double take. A deer, it has been months since I've seen a deer and selling the meat would bring in a nice profit as well as feed my family for a few days. Carefully I nock an arrow and take aim. "And what do you plan to do with that when you kill it?" A loud voice shouts behind me. The deer startles and runs away, I angrily turn to see Gale with his irritating lopsided grin on his face. "Dahm it Gale, that could have fed my family for weeks with the money I'd get from it." I snap. "Who would you sell it too? The place is crawling with peacekeepers." Gale folds his arms. I scowl in irritation, he's right of course, although usually peacekeepers turn a blind eye to our poaching the reaping day brings more peacekeepers from the capitol who might not be so lenient. Gale throws a rock at a bush causing a flock of pigeons to rise from it. My reflexes kick in and I manage to shoot a couple