Hey everybody....im happi ur reading my story n i hope u lyk it....i worked realli hard on this story so plz reveiw....pretti plz lol. its bascially dedicated to 9/11. enjoy Chapter 1 The only courage that matters is the kind that gets you from one moment to the next. ~Mignon McLaughlin 6:07 AM September 11, 2001 Today was like every other day. I woke up next to the man I loved just like the day before. I stared up at my husband and ran my hands through his beautiful bronze hair. His lips pulled up at the sides letting me know that he was awake. He wrapped a arm around me and pulled me closer to him. He opened his eyes to look at me and leaned down to touch my lips with his. "Good morning sweetheart." He said as he pulled away. I smiled and nuzzled my head into his chest sighing contently. "Do you have to go?" I asked this question everyday for the past two and a half years. I could feel him laughing under me. "Of course I have to go love. I cant just miss work for no reason." "Ill be your reason." I said hoping he would choice to stay home with me, Samuel and Lillian. Lillian is our four year old daughter and Samuel is our five year old son. "As tempting as that sounds love I have to go. I have a huge meeting on the 105th floor today. I might get that promotion I've been hoping so bad for." he said. I knew then that there was no chance of him staying home. He'd been talking about that promotion for five months now. He wanted it so bad. I rolled over in the bed so that I wasn't facing him anymore. I felt the bed move as he sat up and put his chin on my shoulder. "Please don't be mad love. I just really want this. Maybe if I get this promotion we can get a new house like you wanted. Besides ill be back before you know it. After the meeting ill come home and have lunch with you, Sam and Lilly." "Lilly and Sammy have school today, remember?" I said still not looking at him. "Ill come home and have lunch with you then. Then when I get out of work ill take you, Sam and Lilly out for ice cream ok love." I turned to look at him and saw in his beautiful green eyes that he really didn't want me to be mad at him so I nodded my head ok and got out the bed to start on breakfast while he went to get in the shower. About 35 minutes later Edward came into the kitchen in his suit and tie and carrying a groggy Lilly in his arms. "Hey honey. Mommy made breakfast. Guess what she made." I said walking over to her with a plate of chocolate chip pancakes in my hands. Her face lit up as she saw them and she squealed "Yummy" as Edward sat her down at the table and gave her a fork. She began trying to rip the pancakes apart immediately. I poured her some orange juice and sat it down next to her. As Edward sat down across from her I gave him his plate of pancakes and some orange juice and Sammy came into the kitchen rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. I grabbed a plate of pancakes and some orange juice for Sammy and put it on the table in front of him. Then I grabbed my breakfast and sat down next to Edward. He was cutting up Lilly's pancakes for her. She grabbed a piece and said "Open up daddy here comes the train." she waved her little arm in the air making train noises and put the pancake in Edwards mouth. Staring at Edward and Lilly playing at the table made me feel all warm inside. In that moment in time everything was perfect. I had a wonderful life with the people I love most in this world. In that moment I felt that everything was going to be just fine. "Mommy can you cut my pancakes." Sammy said snapping me out of my trance. "Of course sweetie." I said picking up the knife and cutting my sons pancakes. "Guess where daddy gets to go today." Edward said swallowing his pancakes. Sammy and Lilly both said 'Where' at the same time. "Daddy gets to go to the 105th floor today." Lilly's eyes went wide and she said "Aren't you scared daddy? That's really really really really high." she said. Me and Edward let out a chuckle and he said "No daddy's not scared. The World Trade Center is very well protected. It was designed that way sweetie." her eyes went back to the normal size and she continued to stuff too big pieces of food into her small mouth. "Daddy when are we gonna be able to see where you work?" Sammy asked. "I don't think you'll be able to son. Not till your older anyway. Dad works on the 73rd floor and mommy's scared to bring you guys up there. She's afraid of heights." Edward said glancing up at me and smiling. "I am not afraid of heights. I just panic when im to far up." I said in my defense. "Don't worry mommy. We'll protect you." Sammy said. "Yea mommy. We'll keep you safe." Lilly said with a pancake in her mouth. "You will? Then I guess I have nothing to be scared of do I?" I said. "So can we mommy. Can we go to work with Daddy. Please." Lilly said swallowing her pancake. "No sweetie not today. You have school remember. Maybe some other time, if you guys are extra good." I said looking at my daughter and son who were seated right next to each other. "But I want to go to work with daddy." Sammy said dropping his fork. "Sammy you have school today. Maybe when you get out of school we can go visit him ok." I said in a motherly voice. He nodded in defeat. "Eat your breakfast and go get ready for school." I said picking up my plate and rinsing it off in the sink. "Im gonna head off to work." Edward said coming up behind me and wrapping his arms around my waist. I turned around and put my arms around his neck. He leaned down and kissed me passionately. I love the way he kisses me. Its like a spark of electricity running through my body and it feels amazing. He broke the kiss all to soon and went back to the table. He picked up Lilly in one arm and Sammy in the other. "Gosh you guys are getting heavy." he said. "No daddy your just getting old." Lilly said. We all laughed and Edward gave the kids a kiss goodbye and set them back on the floor. "You guys be good for mommy. Ill see you when I get out of work ok. I love you." he said picking up his suitcase and making his way back to me. "I love you too you know. With every beat of my heart." he whispered in my ear. "I love you too Edward. With every breathe I take." I whispered back. I wanted to stay like that forever. I wanted to stand here in his arms and never have to let go. He pulled back and kissed me again. This time when he pulled away I got this sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach. Almost like he wasn't supposed to be away from me today. As I stood there and watched him walk out the door, something in me wanted to yell and scream for him to come back to me. "Mommy im done." Sammy said giving me his plate. "Ok hon, go get ready for school. And actually brush your teeth today." I yelled after him. "What about you miss Lillian. Are you done?" she nodded her head and gave me her plate. I put it in the sink and took my daughter by the hand. She jumped and bounced and skipped all the way to her room. I think she gets that from her Aunt Alice. I helped Lilly pick out what she wanted to wear today and she put it on. She picked a dress covered in large blue, ivory, and brown dots snd a blue bow. After she got it on I put a brown bow in her hair. I helped her brush her teeth and went to go help Sammy. When I walked in his room he was fully dressed and surprisingly he matched today. He wore just a black shirt with blue jeans and black shoes. "Wow aren't you a big boy today." I said jokingly, standing in the doorway to his room. He looked up at me with those beautiful green eyes that him and Edward shared and smiled at me. "Did you brush your teeth?" I asked him. He nodded his head enthusiastically. "Ok well get your backpack and a jacket and we can go." I said turning around to go find Lilly's shoes. I searched the closet by the front door and found the white baby doll shoes I was looking for. I put them on Lilly and zipped hers and Sammy's jackets up and grabbed my keys off the key rack by the door. "Mommy aren't you gonna where a jacket?" Lilly said. I smiled at her and grabbed my jacket off the chair it was laying on and put it on. I strapped the kids into my Chevy Traverse that Id gotten after me and Edward were married when we were 18. I drove the few short blocks to the school and walked the kids to the door. I gave them each a kiss and a hug and after failing to put Sammy's brown untidy hair down I finally left. When I got back to my house I found that the door was already unlocked. I walked in and was immediately greeted by Alice, Edwards sister sitting on my couch. She's a short little women with too much energy. "Hey Bella." she said as I walked through the door. "Hey...Alice. How'd you get in?" I asked. "Emergency key. Edward gave it to me." she said while eating the rest of the chocolate pancakes. "Alice that's for emergencies." I said hanging my coat up in the closet and putting my keys on the key rack. "This was an emergency. We don't have chocolate pancakes at home." she said smiling at me. I walked over to her and sat down next to her. "Where's Jasper, already at the station?" I asked. She nodded her head. Jasper is Alice's husband. They've been married for as long as Edward and I have. Jasper works at the fire station with Emmett, Alice and Edwards brother. Emmett's married to Rosalie, Jaspers twin sister and one of my best friends. "He left right before I dropped Ashlynn off at school." she said taking another bite of the pancakes. Ashlynn is there five year old daughter. "Rose said she'll be here in a few minutes. Her and Emmett woke up late and she had to rush to get Abigail and Joshua ready for school." Abigail and Joshua are Rose and Emmett's five year old twins. We were all pregnant at the same time and the kids are only weeks apart. Sammy was born first so he has that big brother protective thing over the others. Then a week later Joshua was born and a few minutes later Abigail was here. Then a week after that Ashlynn was born. Then a year later I got pregnant with Lilly. "What time is it?" I asked Alice. She checked the clock on her phone and said "7:36." "Ugh…I feel so tired. I think im gonna take a nap."