Secrets of the Wild Author's Note: Thanks for opening this story! Secrets of the Wild is rated M. This is a pilot chapter . It's just a little something I came up with a while ago. And while my other story is on hiatus, I figured I'd post this first chapter to see if you guys liked it. Enjoy :) Summary : Bella was rescued by the notorious wildmen from nearly freezing to death in the forest. Once she regained health, she was then forced to marry their handsome leader, Jacob. Their people were enemies for as long as they could remember, but can their love change everything? Will pasts that once were kept so secret come back to haunt them? (AU/AH/J&B) Ages : Bella is 19 and Jacob is 25. Language used : Sesotho Soundtrack: Frozen Synapse by Audiomachine. (epic.) Chapter One She ran and she ran through the snow, the wind whipping at her face and leaving her lips tinged blue. The tears that she cried would freeze on her cheeks and fall to the ground as solids. Her boots filled up with snow easily, for they weren't the kind of boots that one should trudge through six inches of snow with. Her feet were freezing and she could barely feel her legs. She lacked a coat, or a horse, or proper snow gear. She couldn't turn back. They'd catch her and bring her back to that hellish nightmare she used to call 'home.' She reached the edge of the forest and entered with vigor. She could still see the kingdom behind her. She heard the sounds of distant shouting; they must have finally noticed she'd left. God, she couldn't let herself be caught. She wouldn't be able to live through it. She ran past the trees, stumbling over sticks hidden in the snow. Her fingers, at any moment, felt like they could crack and fall off with the spreading numbing sensation. This winter was harsh and refused to take pity on her. Each breath she breathed curled out of her mouth like a puff of dragonsmoke. The deeper she went, the slower she became. It was like her whole body was freezing with each passing moment. Each step was painful and she began to cry from it, but she still pushed herself on. She could hear the barking of dogs behind her and the cries of men echoing out behind her. She had gotten a good head start, but they were fast and knew how to track well. The trees were ghostly looking, with their naked branches stretching out like arms and the lands barren. The winter winds screamed in her ears, showing her no mercy. "Please, God," she begged. But God didn't seem to hear her. Those men were closing in behind her. She pushed herself on through the forest, weaving through the trees and trudging through thick snow. Soon it became harder and harder to even take a single step. She couldn't take anymore. She was so, so, cold. She wandered down a steep slope, trying to keep a hold of herself while trying to move on forward. Her knees gave way and she tumbled violently down the slope, landing at the bottom in a heap. She didn't know if she'd broken anything; all she felt was pain, everywhere. She closed her eyes and wished for death. 0o0o0o0o This must be heaven. It was warm where she was, and she felt comfortable. Like she was lying in a bed. Was she lying in a bed? Her eyes opened slowly and she took a deep breath. She was relieved that her bones didn't ache anymore. She felt thawed out. There was a woman hunched over her, dabbing at her forehead with a warm cloth. That woman would have been most beautiful if not for the three, long and fleshy scars on the right side of her face. The woman looked down at her and seemed pleased that she had awoken. "Your name?" she asked in a thick accent. "Isabella," she replied, sitting up on her elbows in the bed. "Where am I? And who are you?" "Emina," the woman said and pushed her back down to her pillow. "We will explain everyt'ing later. Now you need rest. You had a long journey." She took out a rag and dabbed Bella's forehead with warm water. She decided not to fight the woman. It was true; she had had a long journey and she still felt exhausted. "I shall sleep now, Emina." Bella told the woman and nestled back against the pillow and pulled the warm quilts up to her chin. "I am so...very tired..." 0o0o0o0o When Bella awoke again, she was alone in her tent. She hadn't bothered to look around her at her settings before, but now she would. The tent was small and cozy, with a fire in the middle of it. The walls and ground were made of stretched and dried animal skins. On the floor there were rugs made of wool and yarn to cover the animal skin ground and pillows stuffed with goose and duck feathers. Her bedframe was made out of wood and the mattress was stuffed with feathers as well. The quilts were woven out of wool and some with yarn spun from rabbit fur. She looked around. There was a stool next to her bed with a wooden cup filled with a substance that looked a lot like wine, but smelled nothing like it. She picked up the cup and drank the substance, grimacing at the taste. Raspberries, she tasted, mixed with some other types of herbs. It was quite gross. On the floor she found clothes. She was no longer in her flimsy red and gold dress from back home, but in a cotton under dress with warm fleece socks. The clothes on the floor consisted of a heavy coat made of presumably wolf fur and insulated deerskin pants. And boots! She gasped with excitement that her feet would finally be warm again. She slipped on her deerskin pants and then the boots, which were made out of leather and covered with warm wolf fur inside and out. Then came the coat, which felt like a blessing to her after being exposed to the cold for far too long. The opening of the tent was flapping in the wind and she could see snow, lots of it, and people moving out there. There was commotion, like any normal village would have. Bella lifted her nose and smelled the scents carried by the wind. It was the smell of boar roasting over the fire. Curiously, she took a tentative step out of her tent and into the open. The sky was darkening and the sun was slowly sinking into the sky. She must have slept well into the second day...how long had she truly slept? The people outside stopped in their tracks and stared at her like they'd never seen someone like her in all their life. She considered how odd she must have looked to them with her pale skin, light chestnut brown hair and hazel eyes. The people here were darker in skin color and all had black hair with black eyes. One of the children tugged at their mother's arm and began to cry. The child must have recognized the face of a Forksian. She put her hands to her mouth in shock. She'd never made a child cry before and felt horrible. Bella turned as she heard footsteps approaching her. It was the same woman that was nursing her before, the one with the three scars. "Come wit' me," Emina instructed, pulling Bella along with her. She stumbled in the snow clumsily, looking back in shock at that same crying child. At the end of the way there was a tall, long tent with markings on it. Handprints and paintings of animals and bones around the entrance of it. She shivered. She fully recognized this place now. Emina entered before she did, pulling Bella into the long tent with her. It was warm in here, and dark, too. Several old men were talking around the fire when they noticed her presence. The loud talking had stopped as they all looked up from where they sat to gaze upon her. "Ke eng se boleloang ke see?" one of the older men asked, gesturing towards Bella with his hand . (What is the meaning of this?) Emina stepped forward. "O o ile a mpolella ho mo tlisa mona ha a tsoha," she said. (You told me to bring her here when she woke.) Bella turned to Eminane curiously. "How long did I sleep, Emina?" "T'ree days," the woman replied. "O ile a botsa?" the same old man asked . (What did she ask?) "O ile a kōpa ka nako e kae o ile a ba ne ba robala," Emina said. (She asked how long she slept.) A different old man stood up from the fire. This old man wore the skin of a snow fox on his head and walked towards her slowly. He inspected her with his small, beady eyes and touched the skin on her neck. "What are they doing?" she asked Emina. To her surprise, it was not Emina, but the old man that answered her. "We are the Elders," he said. She didn't realize he could speak English as well. "I am Elder Ateara. The others are Uley, Clearwater and Black. You must answer questions now. Come. Sit." The old man waved her forward and he went back to where he was originally seated at the head of the fire. She sat on the log on the other side of the fire. Emina sat beside her and offered Bella her hand. She took Emina's hand and squeezed it tight. Her lips trembled; she was afraid. The Elder called Clearwater leaned forward, his long gray hair tumbling over his shoulders. "What are you called?" he asked. She breathed out slowly. "Isabella Swan." "Bella," they all repeated, mispronouncing her name unintentionally. "Where have you come from?" Uley asked. She hesitated, unsure of herself. Tears peaked at the corner of her eyes. "F...F-Forks King-Kingdom," she stumbled over her words in fear. That place brought her so much of it, as much as she hated to admit it. She never wanted to return. "And do you know where you are now?" questioned Ateara. "With the wildmen in La Push," she said quietly. "Quileute," Elder Ateara correctly viciously. Bella looked down at her feet in embarrassment. " Quileute ." All of the men turned to each other and began to converse in deep conversation in their native language. Emina listened to their words, not bothering to translate for Bella. She nudged the older woman in the arm and silently begged for answers. "They are saying you will not be accepted by the people easily. Our kind... hate ...your kind." Bella sighed and tugged at her hair with her small hands. "I do not blame them," she whispered under her breath. "They say that many people here wish you dead, or gone at the very least. The Elders have taken pity on you, it seems. They would marry you to keep you here in La Push..." Emina whispers, staring across the fire at the Elder called Black . "But...you must marry tonight." Bella stood on her feet immediately, staring across the fire at the elders. "I cannot marry," she told them. "You must," said Black. She hadn't heard him speak before now. "If you do not, the people will rebel against you and you will be thrown out of La Push. This marriage is your best option, the only one." "I was...I was married to someone back in the kingdom. God save me, I still am." Bella explained. "It is a sin in my religion...I would be committing adultery." "My son was married once as well," Elder Black said simply, placing a hand on her shoulder. "It is no