The Taming Author's Note: Hi all! So happy you decided to open this story and give it a chance. I'm really thankful. Anyways, this story is the one that comes after the masterpiece, and I can only hope it lives up to Sinful Seduction. I'm pretty excited about this one. I wanted to write another one like SinSed because I don't know about you, but I get pretty bored with the stories being somewhat unoriginal on here. Nothing with fantasy or the hard-action romance like I want. So my motto is: if you can't find it to read it, write it! This is another one that's been in my head for a while. This starts off with a prologue and chapter one because I'm weird and I hate posting separate prologues because than chapter one will show up as chapter two . Ugh. No. Enjoy the first prologue/chapter (: Here's the summary : After trespassing and taken captive by the shapeshifters to become personal servant to their princess, Isabella Swan has caught the eye of her dangerous, yet beautiful brother. He's captivated by her; he'd always been. She's unresponsive to his charm, but he's not one to give up very easily. Prologue Isabella couldn't sleep. The only thing that could help her was to walk out in the woods behind her little wooden house. She could let her thoughts run wild and she could unwind in peace. Her aunt Constance was always making her do the household chores and watch after her horrid little cousins, Maud and Elise. They found any excuse to tattle on her. And aunt Constance was relentless with her beatings; she'd bring Isabella over her bony knee and slap her bottom till it was red raw. She was only six years old and doing the chores, tending to the children, and cooking meals while her aunt Constance played cards, smoke and drank with her uncle Phillip's drunkard friends. Isabella's parents had died when she was very young, aunt Constance had said. She also said that she didn't want Isabella, but she'd already promised her mother and father that she'd take care of her. Aunt Constance's way of making her pay for her shelter was to force Isabella to do anything and everything . Sometimes she felt like she was paying for even being born. Grumbling, the little girl kicked a stone into the water. She gazed out into the trees in front of her. It was only a few steps away. She leaped over the little bubbling creek and forced her way into the woods. She held up her lantern and it illuminated the path before her. She did this every so often, and felt comfortable letting herself out of the house at night because she'd never been caught yet. She shivered at the thought of what her aunt Constance would do to her if she did ever happen to find out. Oh well, she thought. She hasn't found me all this time, and she won't find me tonight. As she made her way deeper into the forest, she proceeded to get this gut feeling that someone was watching her. Someone was following her. Isabella tried to turn around, but as she turned around, she noticed that everything all looked the same. The surroundings looked the same. The twisted, crooked trees hid the moon and she couldn't see her path anymore. She'd never been lost in the forest before. Maybe she was over-thinking things, and the path was right next to her. She held up her lantern and tried to find the path, but nothing seemed to give. Whimpering, she tried to retreat into the shadows to find her way back. Suddenly, a gust of wind blew and the candle in her lantern flickered. She gasped, seeing a tall figure standing about a quarter-mile away from her, staring straight at her. Horrified, she stood as still as a statue. The moonlight shone on the figure's face and revealed two blood red eyes and a smile with teeth so sharp that they looked like they sever someone in half with just one bite. An immortal . She turned and ran, even though she already knew that her case was hopeless. Immortals were incredibly fast and strong—they could be by your side in less than five seconds and snap your neck in only two. They never died unless they were killed and burned; drinking the blood of humans helped them to thrive as long as they did. The situation was so dire that when she tripped over a branch, she submitted herself to the immortal and hoped that it was a merciful one, and killed her quickly. As she looked up, she could see him towering over her. She let out a scream when he smiled at her, revealing those incredibly terrifying teeth. He grabbed her wrist when she tried to beat away at him and slashed her there, watching with hunger as the blood poured from her skin. A twig's snapping distracted him for a split second. It was probably another one of his kind, helping him to finish her off. But the howl that echoed through the forest seemed to startle the immortal. He glared down at her and grabbed her by the neck, getting ready to sink his teeth into her. Suddenly, a giant black wolf collided with the side of the immortal's body, knocking him away from her. She scrambled backwards, fear consuming her. More giant wolves emerged from the forest and began attacking the immortal, shredding him apart as the immortal's screams echoed through the forest. She grabbed her lantern and cowered into the corner with a hand over her wound. A smaller, brown wolf emerged from the forestry behind the girl and poked her on the shoulder. She refrained from screaming, only because the wolf didn't look like it wanted to eat her. It began to lick her, on her arms and hands until eventually it got to her wound. She flinched when the pink tongue lashed out to touch the wound, but eventually let the wolf lick all of the blood away. As soon as the painful cut was there, it was gone, with only a silvery scar left in its wake. The brown wolf trotted back and forth down the path, whining. She stood on her feet and decided to see what it wanted. It darted off into the woods, leading her through the path. And she followed the small brown wolf through the woods. It stopped to wait for her when she got tangled up in tree branches and vines and brushed against her legs, whining softly when it thought that danger was near. Soon enough, she was back to the edge of the forest. She could see her aunt Constance's house in the distance. She looked down to thank the wolf, but it was already gone. Chapter One: The Capture "Hold still," I mumble as I stitch closed the gaping hole in Elise's new dress. She whines and stands up straighter. "If you stick me, I'll tell mother that you did it on purpose," she hisses, her flaming red hair bouncing around her face in ringlets. "She'll give you more chores because I said so." I take a deep breath through my nose, trying to hold myself together. "I promise I won't stick you, Elise. Just hold still, and it'll be a guarantee." "You'd best make me look pretty for Hans," she grumbles, standing straight and still so I could finish stitching. I glare back at her, but she doesn't see it. She's too busy glossing her lips with a rosy red paint that I'd made for her. I should have added some belladonna berries in there, I think to myself. One part of me tells myself not to think in such a way, but the other tells me to go right ahead with what I'm doing. I knot the thread and pull away from Elise as she hops down from the small wooden stool she'd been standing on. She rushes out of the room without even thanking me and rushes down the stairs. "Isabella!" Aunt Constance screeches from the bottom of the steps. I rush to go meet her, not wanting to make her wait for me. I wasn't afraid of her anymore like I was when I was six, but it was just a habit—I'd been serving her every need for so long that it just became permanently stamped into my brain. I rush down the creaky brown stairs to meet her. Aunt Constance has her frizzy orange hair decorated with a violet hat that looked to small for her head, and a too-tight violet dress that made her curves much too noticeable. She gives me a crooked smile, her yellow teeth flashing at me. "There y'ar, Isabella," she says, handing me a crumpled piece of parchment. "Your list o' chores while we're away. Lisey and Maud are goin' to meet their suitors and me and yer uncle are going to the Blue Serpent. Now don't waste no time, Isabella. We'll be home by midnight so you'd best get started awful quick!" She cackles before turning on her heel and walking straight to the door. I watch as she tries to fit her large hips through the doorframe with little luck. Uncle Phillip comes from the kitchen with a pipe sticking out of his mouth. He sees her and rolls his eyes. "Whattaya know," he says. "What did I tell ya 'bout wearin' them bustles? Y'always get stuck in them doors." Aunt Constance growls at him. "Just help me, will ya?" I watch as Phillip gives two big shoves before Aunt Constance is successfully out of the doorframe. She fans herself with her lacy handheld fan as she looks at my scrawny uncle. "Oh, Phil." "Git goin'," he slurs, pushing past her and trudging down the porch. Aunt Constance looks at me and frowns. "Why are ya just standin' there? I just gave ya all them chores. Go on. Git!" And with that, she slams the door in my face. I sigh and turn to go back upstairs, unfolding the list before me. It reaches my knees. I sigh again, but this time I shrug my shoulders as well. I'm used to the length by now. Returning to my little dusty attic room, I pack up my sewing supplies and stand up, smoothing down my raggedy blue frock. My hair is braided back out of my face like it normally is—I've never done anything special with it, never worn a pretty dress, never met a suitor. It was mostly because aunt Constance refused to let me marry before her unattractive daughters did—and she didn't want some man to take her personal house slave away from her. I watch as Maud and Elise fret with their hair as the coachman pulls down the stone path. I take in a deep breath and then exhale, my shoulders drooping. Aunt Constance and uncle Phillip were undoubtedly going to get drunk again at the local bar, the Blue Serpent. It was a pity I have to stay inside, too. I'd not seen a prettier spring day than today. A gay breeze floats through the window and kisses my face. The breeze carries the scent of fresh lilac and dewdrops. The fields behind my house were overpopulated with colorful wildflowers and fresh green grass. I bite my lip as I'm contemplating what I should do. Stay in and do my chores all day, or live a little? I've been cleaning this house for too long. Everything already looked spotless from my head-to-toe cleaning yesterday evening. I fold up the list nicely and set it down on my creaky little bed. It was time to do something that I wanted to do…and that didn't involve household chores. I get up and push away from the windowsill, walking down the steps. I see my muddy leather boots by the door—I had no nice