The Necklace Author's Note: Some would say it would be a risky move to put quotes as my story summary, but I felt that it was the best way to describe my main characters' relationship. This story is set in the late 1400's in a universe/kingdom that I (somewhat) made up. I don't own Volterra or any of the characters since this is just a fanfiction. The ideas, however, are all mine. The dialect is mostly modern. I think it's extremely hard to write in Middle English and to read it is a different story. Therefore I'm writing them to speak like we would today. This will undoubtedly be a wild ride. Jacob is a stableboy and Bella is the daughter of a wealthy lord. It's not going to be easy, but remember the promise I made for you all. I always write happy endings somehow . Their love will be beautiful. Please enjoy and leave a comment for me to read at the end :) Summary: "We could live in a little fishing village off the coast where no one would know our names or who we once were," he whispers to me softly, stroking the side of my face gently. "Titles wouldn't matter. All that would matter would be us, and our love. Just say the word and we'll go. I'll be yours forever and you'll be mine." (AU/AH, J/B, set in the late 1400s.) Chapter One: Stableboys and Wildflowers A sunny day here is somewhat hard to come by. It's nearing the warming spring weather and the breezes are still borderline chilly. The wispy clouds in the sky roll through the open blue, tumbling past the shimmering sun. The winter is still lingering on the cusp of my town's edge. This place is best known for its rain, and grayish tinted skies. I sit in my room and stare out through the tall window at the little rows of houses dotting the village around me. People bustle out on the streets, driving their horse-drawn wagons with their minds driven with work. I live in a place called Forks, a small village on the outskirts of the kingdom Volterra. I'm the only child of Charles and Reneé Swan, the wealthiest lord and lady in all of my village called Forks. My father was a good friend to King Aro, as he'd served as one a member of the kingsguard in his younger years. My maid Celia touches a bit of powder to my jaw. I turn my head to give her more access and she smoothes the powder over my jaw. "He likes pale white, I hear." Celia whispers in my ear, a hint of humor in her home. She pats more powder onto my face. "Whatever he wants, we'll give him. That's a motto you should always follow, Isabella." I grimace a little. Today I'm meeting with Lord Edward again. He's the son of the Carlisle and Esme Cullen. Carlisle Cullen is the only doctor living in Forks. When the king had been sick, he'd traveled up to Forks and was the only doctor out of many selected that could find the key to restoring the king's health. In return, King Aro pledged his protection and some of his wealth to Carlisle. Everyone in town knows who the Swans and the Cullens are. They know our rank and friendship with the king, and they respect us greatly for it. To them, we are like the faux 'rulers' of Forks. The Swans and the Cullens are the wealthiest in Forks, the two reigning families of the north. My father has pledged me to marry Carlisle's son Edward by the end of the month. This would be the second time I'd be meeting with him within two weeks. Father says that Edward has taken an interest in me and wouldn't object to calling me his wife. However, he hasn't exactly asked me my opinion in this. To my father, it wouldn't matter. A knock comes at the door and Celia and I both look to see if the door would open. It doesn't. "Lord Edward has come, milady." A servant's quiet voice comes from behind the other side of the door. Celia hurries throws some rose colored powder on my cheeks "just for good measure" before I'm able to stand. "Oh, you look beautiful," she whispers to me. "I can tell he likes you already. You need to go out there and impress him some more. It will all pay off in the end." And she kisses my forehead, rubbing my arms with encouragement. I stand from my seat, feeling rather uncomfortable in this tight kirtle and long silken dress. It's not like what I normally wear and the new dress makes me feel stiff and unhappy. I can barely breathe with the kirtle that was tied two sizes too tight. "Come, come!" Celia whines, clapping her hands to get me to move faster. I put a hand to my hair, swept up in a crystal snood and make sure that everything stays in place before I descend down the staircase. Celia made sure to put in extra pins so that it wouldn't fall out on the ride there. And with that, she pushes me out the door. I smooth down my gold dress and make my way hastily down the long spiral staircase that leads to the great heart of my house. I can hear Edward's deep voice talking with my father from there. My heart pounds in my chest. My father says that this marriage could change everything. If Edward chooses me, I will have had set up the rest of my life. I would be adorned in precious silks and never have to worry about a scrap of money. I'd have a big house and servants to take care of my every need. In my father's eyes, it's the perfect decision for me...and for him. And there he is, with his auburn hair, sea green eyes and tigerlily freckles. He is dressed in a white and red cotton doublet with red hose and a white shirt. He wears black leather boots and a black cape over his doublet on one shoulder. "Good day." "Good day." I whisper it back ever so softly. He gives me a pleased smile, flashing his pearly white teeth. "There she is," my father exclaims, clapping Edward on the back with a hearty laugh. I reach the bottom of the steps and present myself towards him. Then I bow my head and curtsey politely. He nods his head at me. "You look simply stunning, Isabella." Edward compliments me with a smile on his face. He seems somewhat uncomfortable, but much less uncomfortable than I am. I don't think that I could feel more uncomfortable. "It's such a pleasure to be able to court you this afternoon." My face turns red. Edward's a few years older than I am. I've seen sixteen summers, whereas he's seen twenty six. My seventeenth birthday is coming up soon and my father thinks that I'm much too old to stand unmarried still. My mother wanted to marry me off when I was younger even than now, for she was married young and lived her life in glorified sanctitude while bathing in rubies and sapphires. "Go on," my father says. "There's a coach waiting outside for you both. Edward's going to take you into town while the sun's still shining. Damn Him if it rains before you're both home. This sunlight is a nice change." Edward opens the front door of my house for me and nods his head towards the carriage. "My lady," he murmurs. I curtsey again before stepping out of the house and making my way down the pebblestone path to the horse-drawn carriage. Edward shuts the door behind us and follows me out towards our ride. My heart is still pounding. I'm nervous. I'm scared that this day with him won't go as well as the last one did. Last time he took me out for a picnic in the meadow. We talked about practical things like the weather. He sits in the seat across from me with his white shirt open about three buttons. He looks peaceful, his bright white smile flashing as he nods his head at the bystanders waving in greetings. His auburn hair whips in the wind as we go sailing down the path. I study him. He loves the attention, the feeling of feeling important to people considered lesser than we are. It doesn't take us long to get to the middle of town. The carriage parks on the edge of the busy cobblestone street and Edward jumps out of the carriage, readjusting his pants and flashing more smiles at the peasant women on the streets. My, I think. He's a dazzler. He gives me his hand to make sure I don't fall face first onto the stone while stepping down from the coach. He doesn't know it yet, but I'm an unusually clumsy person. I'm planning to keep my clumsiness hidden for as long as possible. He looks back at me with a small smile. "What to do first? Any preferences, my lady?" I chew my lip momentarily. I remember what Celia said to me. Always give him what he wants, never refuse him, give him what he likes all the time… I clear my throat and shake my head. "No. Anything you would like to do, I would like to do as well." Edward seems to like this answer, as he beams brightly at this statement. "Very well. What do you say you and I go to Nina's bakery for a pastry? And then we'll go tour some of the other shops and I'll buy you some gifts. How does that sound, milady?" I nod my head and bite my lip. Never refuse him. "It sounds...lovely." Edward clasps his hands together. "Perfect. To Nina's?" I nod my head again. "To Nina's." 0o0o0o0o0o Edward takes a bite of his cinnamon pastry and vanilla icing slides into the corner of his lips. He wipes it away with his thumb and then licks said thumb. I watch with surprise as he then proceeds to lick his pointer finger and middle finger. He pulls out his cloth handkerchief and wipes his sticky fingers upon it. I can't help but think he's rather sloppy for high ranking nobility. I make a displeased noise and he notices, raising his eyebrows as if to question the noise. I smile to assure him that it was nothing. I finish up the rest of my chocolate pastry as we move onto the next set of gems. "You like the sapphires, Isabella? I think they'd look ravishing against your beautiful, pale skin." Edward comments with a large grin. He reaches out and runs his fingers against the back of my hand. I shrug my shoulders. The rubies caught my eye much more than the sapphires did but I wouldn't dare tell him that. After all, it's not about what I thought. So instead I opt for a meagre, "Alright," and Edward picks out a ring with a large blue sapphire on top of a silver band. The gem shop is on the corner, a few blocks away from Nina's. Edward had seen it and insisted we go inside. It is dark in here, lanterns hanging from the ceiling rafters and a fire by the paying counter. We stand by the few sparkling colored gems in the shop. Only people like us could afford to buy such a gem. He slips the ring onto my ring finger to make sure it fits. Then he looks at the shop-owner. The portly gentleman comes over to us and inspects the ring. He looks at us and nods his head. "Alright. Ten gold pieces." Edward snorts and fishes into his pocket for the coins. Instead of ten, he throws the man twenty. The shop-owner's eyes widen as he takes the pouch