Hey guys :D This is my first FanFiction about the first Percabeth kiss.. I hope you enjoy it! And yup, I am a damn girl *rofl* ! Just to say i am 14 years old :P Okay, okay i start :D. August 16, 12:47 P.M. ''Hey Annabeth!'' - said Percy with a big smile ''Hey Percy'' - I tried to sound calmed down.. But I just couldn't.. I was going to join the Artemis Hunters exactly on August 18 when it was Percy's birthday.. I really wanted to go because of Rachel.. But i really wanted to stay because OF Percy.. My head was really really really messed up! ''You okay Wise Girl?'' - Percy's smile was gone. ''Yeah'' - I lied- ''I couldn't be better'' ''Annabeth Chase. I know you from 4 years. You're CAN'T lie at me. Then i realised that in my hands there was the Artemis Hunter book. As fast as possible I took it and put it where my other books are. Percy i guess was thinking that i was reading something boring and didn't do anything. Okay.. He was really cute when he was worried. ''Seaweed brain, I really can not talk now. I think i might take a nap'' ''Mhm Annabeth.. There is something wrong. Please tell me! You are my best friend, right? Best friend. Mhm. After Rachel. I was just so angry and i wanted to split it out. ''After Rachel'' ''Annabeth I.. Have never.. Just.. Ugh why you make it so hard? There is NOTHING between me and Rachel!"' ''You know what? Forget i will go to sleep if you don't mind'' ''Annabeth i always.. Forget it..'' - And he went out from the Athena cabin Forget what? I didn't understand him. Dating a mortal girl.. And coming to see me? Okay why am i so jealous? I am gonna forget him after 2 days, it didn't matter. So i tried to sleep. PERCY'S POV When i went out of the cabin i felt like shit. I couldn't help Annabeth, I couldn't understand her.. Why was it so hard? I fucking loved her but I can not tell her exactly that when she is acting like this.. Gods help me.. Then i heard someone coming behind me. ''Hey Percy'' - said Rachel and she came next to me looking in her normal way. A white shirt with different colours and coloured jeans. I didn't find her attractive. She looked beautiful like every other girl. But I couldn't stop thinking about that what is making Annabeth sad. ''Hey Rachel, how are you'' ''Fine.. And about that.. I must tell you something really important.'' Really important. Please. Not. A. Date. ''Okay, go ahead'' I was sure i was gonna hear the sort of: I love you, but that i heard made me really surprised ''I am the new oracle. Apollo made me the new one. I am gonna come here every summer and I am gonna tell you the great prophecies and that stuff'' - she laughed and then sat down watching the sea. I didn't have words.. I wanted to go and tell Annabeth that she can finally be happy but at the moment i cared more about Rachel. I WAS SCARED. The new oracle? Poor girl! I really liked her as a best friend and for this i was worried. ''But.. but.. Isn't this gonna hurt you? What if you are having a geography test and you just say the new great prophecy? Rachel that is so risky!'' ''I know but I wanted to be with the camp. Plus I'm just gonna say one prophecy and the rest of the time I'm gonna hang out with my friends. I can't have boyfriends which is the worst part - she laughed - but I don't care anymore. What? Before 3 months she kissed me and now she's like i don't care? Maybe the fight with Kronos changed her.. Maybe she didn't want to hurt Annabeth cause the whole camp is talking that me and Annabeth are.. together. I didn't know what did i exactly feel to Annabeth.. Friendship or something bigger.. Love? ''Hmm, okay. If you think it is going to be good for you, I am really happy Rachel, - now i knew she can't date me plus i was bored and i asked - lets go to celebrate it on the beach? Just a walk and we can swim.. if you want? She nodded and said ''I'm going to have me ready. Wait me at 2 P.M. here?'' ''Sure'' We said bye and went back to our cabins. I got myself ready for 30 mins and i decided to take a nap. For FIRST time i didn't dream anything. So i just got out of my cabin and i saw Rachel waiting for me. She was with a red bathing. ''Okay Rachel, let's go'' She smiled and we went walking on Long Island. It was really beautiful if we have to be honest. We finally found a place to sit. I had blue cupcakes and sandwiches and she had blue drinks and sweets. We sat down and started eating and drinking, we also laughed a lot at one bird which was trying to catch a fish but she just fell in the water. Maybe she was new. I had the last cup of blue Fanta and i decided to share it with her. ''Cheers for the new oracle!'' She smiled and drank from it. This time she was watching me but I didn't see love in her eyes. Just friendship and that's all! Great now it will be easier to ask out Annabeth. ''Thinking for someone?'' - asked Rachel ''Yeah.. Now you are the new oracle and maybe you will help me with a girl?'' I was scared she was gonna get jealous or something but all she did was smile ''You seriously haven't asked Annabeth yet? She's right, you really are a Seaweed Brain Perce!'' ''No, no! I wanted to but she was just kicking me out! She is sad Rachel, I don't know what to do! How to help her! Do you know how?'' Rachel looked around and her smile died. She looked like she killed a human ''Oh Gods.. Percy that's the reason why she is kicking you! Look me and you are having a drink on the beach!Alone!Together! Of course Annabeth will kick you out! It looks like we are dating! Eww.. I just realised she was more than right. I felt my heart falling down.. Poor Annabeth.. But what if she wasn't jealous.. If she didn't like me?For first time of my life i didn't know what to do. ''No.. Rachel how are we supposed to fix this?'' ''You mean how are YOU supposed to fix this! Oh come on dumby ask her out! Tell her I'm the oracle, come on'' ''Actually i tried but maybe tomorrow, now I wanna spend time with you plus Annabeth asked me to come tomorrow cause she wants to sleep now.. I am gonna do this tomorrow, she isn't gonna run right? Come on I don't wanna make you sad so let's go for a swim.. I didn't feel happy but i had to be. For Rachel. For a friend. She smiled and said '' I guess you have the full power there, so I won't be kicking you butt'' ''We'll see'' And we went to the water. ANNABETH'S POV I hated myself. I really did. So i just decided to go for a walk alone on the beach thinking about being a hunter. Forgetting for love and boys. Dream. I put my hands in my pocket and i started walking until i saw.. I saw.. Percy and Rachel were laughing at the sea, Percy was trying to be like a shark and he want to make like he was trying to drawn Rachel but all she did was laughed. For a moment Annabeth wanted to lie down and start crying until she felt they stopped laughing. Rachel was looking at me and she was like.. apologising? I didn't give a shit. I just ran back and started crying. Until Silena came next to me, she smiled and asked me why am I crying. I felt like I can tell her everything so for this i decided to split it out. ''Percy is on the beach with Rachel. They are a couple I am just so sure'' Silena smiled ''Ah you my dumb Annabeth! Rachel is the new oracle! How do you think is she going to have a boyfriend? She swore on the river Styx she won't be having a crush.. What the.. I didn't know. I hated to don't know. ''What did you say? So they can't be together? ''Oh Annabeth I see only friendship in Percy and Rachel's eyes, but when you are around Percy he is watching you like you are a star, haven't you realised that? ''No.. I was to busy to think if they are a couple.. But why are they together then?'' ''Oh Annie they are just celebrating it! That's what all friends to!'' Silena was right.. Maybe.. But still i knew she was trying to flirt with my Percy 3 months ago. ''You're right, I guess I will just go to sleep. Thanks Silena, you were always there for me'' And there i hugged her and went back to my cabin. I felt a bit better. PERCY'S POV ''No, NO! Why did she see us like this? Gods know what is she thinking'' - said Rachel with a little tear I didn't answer. I just wanted to scream '' I LOVE YOU'' but i couldn't. Annabeth was gonna think I am just kidding now. Everything went wrong.. ''Percy, let's go to eat, i can hear the bell'' I nodded and we went for dinner. I didn't want to eat so I just got back to my cabin and now I had a dream. A horrible one.. Annabeth was joining the Artemis Hunters. She looked sad but she joined them. She said she will forget me and she will be only with girls.. I wanted to stop the dream and that helped. I guess that was just a little part of my dream but I didn't want it to continue.. At the morning i realised it was just 1 day before i was turning 16. I thought of inviting my closest friends for a little party but i was really scared even to look at Annabeth. Really. But I didn't have a chance. I just went to her cabin and asked if Annabeth is there. Her brother said that she is walking near the Big House. I went there and saw her.. happy? She didn't look sad like yesterday. She was different, like she understood me and Rachel aren't together. ''Hey'' - I sounded really stupid but WHAT? I was confused ''Hey Percy'' ''That yesterday.. You know there is nothing between me and Rachel?'' ''Percy, I don't care! Why do you think i shall care who is your girlfriend or no? We are friends that's important'' I just felt she sounded disappointed from ''friends'' but i didn't want to make it harder. ''Okay, yes. We are best friends, so what are you doing'' ''Nothing Percy, just there is something which we must talk about.. I am going to..'' Then Chiron came and ruined everything ''Annabeth, quickly. It is Silena. She is dying. I saw Annabeth crying and sprinting to the Aphrodite cabin. I followed her. ''Silena!'' - Annabeth screamed I wanted to do it too. Silena was vomiting blood. Will was giving her to drink something but she couldn't. When Chiron came he just said something in greek and turned back. I guess he understood that it is impossible she to survive. I agreed. ''Gosh Silena..'' - I said with a really worried voice ''Someone poised her..'' - said Annabeth and started crying ''No.. But who?!'' - I asked and looked