Warning for steamy scenes and humor... and dubious consent for sensitive readers. Characters does not belong to me, and expect me to both worship and poke fun at them. Veritaserum A Harry Potter Fanfiction Harry fidgeted awkwardly, allowing himself to do so the few precious moments he still had for himself. He glanced to the doorway for any sign of his host, whom so far had yet to make an appearance. Harry had arrived at the fireplace by floo punctually at three o'clock where a house-elf had met him and shown him to a spacey, airy room that appeared to be some sort of study. Not as formal at he'd expected, but then, it would have been superfluous to use the conference hall when it only were the two of them. Harry had been told he was expected, been served tea, and then left alone while the house-elf had left to inform her master of his arrival. Almost five minutes had passed since. Harry drummed nervously on the couch a few times before he willed himself to stop. He'd been against the entire idea if coming here, and not for the first time was reconsidering his decision in declining the offer to become the Mister of Magic… if only to have had the authority to turn down this request or give it to another person. He did not want to be here. Though the Malfoys had lost much after the war, the new business was blooming and they were yet again one of the richest and most respected families in England – but this time, it was Draco Malfoy that was the head of the family, and it was he that had been the one to raise the dying family business up from the ashes. It appeared that Draco Malfoy's stubbornness in leaving Harry alone at Hogwarts and his constant taunting and evil schemes could be turned into raw potential and a cunning mind for business when he straightened out his priories. While Malfoy always seemed to fail at attempting something destructive, he was brilliant at building things up, and was arguably one of the youngest, most successful wizards in the word. More surprising was that Malfoy, unlike his father, seemed to go against everything Harry had ever learned about the Slytherin House by making fair deals and upholding honesty. No charges against the company. No blackmail. No slithering. If anything, Draco Malfoy had cleared the family name since he took over. It wasn't that Harry didn't think Malfoy was unworthy of the Ministry's time. Or that he thought he lacked the right to consult officials. He'd not done anything questionable since the end of the war, and even a git like him deserved a second chance. It was just that it was Draco Malfoy and Harry wished he hadn't requested Harry Potter so specifically. Surely, anyone could do this. Anyone. There was no need for Harry to be here and feel lukewarmly uncomfortable. No real danger, but not safe, either. He'd tried to forgive Malfoy, but after so many years of enmity the habit of diligence around him just didn't seem to go away. They hadn't really been in contact with since they left Hogwarts. Harry had spoken for him and his mother at their trial after the war, but he had kept his distance. They had seen each other briefly, but always been surrounded by their own crowds, or been nothing more than another passerby in the streets of Diagon Ally. The feeling of Malfoy being up mischief today was over-bearably strong, and Harry couldn't make himself at ease. It was as if it was unthinkable that their reunion would be untainted, that nothing shady would happen. In some inexplicable way, maybe Harry would even be disappointed if it was. He remembered Kingsley Shacklebolt's words all too well. "You need to lay down your guard." And if Kingsley said something like that, it truly must mean he was being paranoid. This wasn't Fudge they were talking about. And it wasn't only Shacklebolt. It was everyone. Everyone wanted him to get along with Malfoy as if they were best friends, as if their friendship was the only way to know for sure that Voldemort's reign was over for good. Hermione had as good as forgiven him, and amazingly, even Ron had started to warm up to him after being forced to work with him a number of times. Harry found himself feeling severely abandoned. And it wasn't only his friends that had been ensnared. Despite not using as under-handed methods as his father, Draco Malfoy had a certain power over the Ministry these days. While most of the advantages of being a Pureblood had been revoked – and what little his family name still would have been able to accomplish in giving him an advantage, his former Death Eater status evened out – he had a certain charm and charisma that often put him in good graces with the higher ups. He also had a habit of donating money to most projects started by the government, be if for educational, social or cultural means, that seemed to sway even those ruled by old prejudice and fears in his favor. Despite not wanting to believe it as a child – and refusing to live by it as an adult – money truly did 'run the world' and Malfoy's success where other reformed Death Eaters failed miserly proved that. Now that the Ministry had gotten used to getting a certain sum every few months, heaven forbid they should so anything to upset Malfoy and give him any reason to withdraw his contributions. The loss of the money would be harder presently than if it had only been unfulfilled promises. Malfoy had donated money to the Ministry for years now, and they'd become dependent on it. Really, it was nothing but backhanded bribing – Draco Malfoy was still a Slytherin at heart, after all. And though Harry didn't know why, for the last past years Malfoy had tried to get him alone. Harry had managed to slip through his fingers time and time again, but now Malfoy had finally reached his goal. Harry was convinced it wasn't simply for the matter of recalling old school days with him. He threw the steaming tea a suspicious glance. It smelled good, but he did not trust it. The clock ticked. How long would it take his former and present nemesis to make an appearance? While Harry and Malfoy had been perfectly civil to each other for years, they'd had minimal interaction, and school nemesis did not have any past-due-date. As a way to pass the time, Harry added two sugars to his tea and filled the cup to the brim with milk. Another timid-looking house-elf appeared with cookies, and was gone before Harry had time to thank her, as if afraid Harry had the power to make Malfoy appear and throw her a sock if she stayed too long in his company. Just as Harry considered getting up to snoop around, Draco Malfoy entered the room with a disturbingly handsome smile. He'd always been easy on the eyes, and the years since they left Hogwarts had rather added charm than anything else. Perhaps it was the lack of tension or the absence of a constant death-threat of his family that had really made the difference. The air around him was not quite as haughty as it had once been, though he still carried a certain degree of arrogance and superiority. The smirk managed to be friendly, aggravating and provoking at the same time. "Potter," Malfoy said quietly. "I really am happy you could come." Harry had to bite his tongue to not spit out that that hadn't exactly been his choice. He gave him a courtesy nod, and he took a zip of the tea to get an excuse for his silence. It had just the right amount of sweetness, and the flavor was soft and creamy on his tongue. Harry felt his nerves recover, if only a little. Malfoy put down a low pile of papers on a table to the left of the room – probably papers Harry would have to sign the Ministry's approval of – before taking a seat in the matching couch in front of him. Harry could feel Malfoy watching him, and his fingers inched with the desire to grab the bunch of papers and sign them all just to get it over with. He had a feeling the git would make this a very drawn-out trial. Malfoy was sure to make the most of the time he had. "Well, we meet again," said Malfoy. "Isn't this pleasant?" "No." The answer seemed to roll of his tongue and slip out between lips before even the word had even registered in his mind. Harry's head snapped up, and he met Malfoy's smug looking eyes. He didn't look bothered by his reply at all – if anything, his grin widened, temporarily giving him a look of roguish boyishness rather than that of a sophisticated CEO. While Harry hadn't planned to be more civil than required to do his work, he knew better than to anger the entire Ministry by ruining this. Especially not over some harmless pleasantries. But… Grey eyes flicked down to his cup, and that was all the clue Harry needed. Veritaserum. Harry stood up harshly, wand in hand, eyes throwing burning daggers at the aristocratic looking business man. How dare he? He knew something like this would happen. He knew it, and in a way, it excited him. Things had been far too boring for far too long. He needed this. He needed to fight again. Accusing words were on his tongue when Malfoy interrupted him. "Something wrong, Potter?" he drawled lazily, leaning back in his chair and tilting his head backward to easier meet his eyes. The familiar sneer had returned. Yes. Harry only managed to hold back the word of truth by biting so hard into his lip he drew blood. Malfoy's eyes were mocking. Taunting. He'd be in so much trouble for doing this, but he acted as if it was only a harmless prank done when they were back in Hogwarts. It was a dare. "Scared, Potter?" He could hear the words echo in his mind. A phrase he never quite managed to forget. Harry glared at him. Malfoy cocked an eyebrow. The action didn't need decoding. Are you going to run to the teachers… or will you play with me? "I'm fine," he snarled. He sat back in the chair demonstratively. Sometimes, he worried over how little he'd changed since his schooldays. Surely, adults were supposed to have grown up and became mature somewhere along the way. (Surely, he was supposed to be genuinely offended over this, not intrigued.) Malfoy's grin widened, showing perfect, white teeth, and he seemed rather enticed over the way Harry defied the Veritaserum rather than to be disappointed, which, in a way, reassured Harry there was no real threat in this. Malfoy wasn't out to hurt him, he was simply being an asshole, and maybe, just like the part Harry tried to conceal within himself, he missed their old interactions. Because as much as Harry hadn't wanted to meet Malfoy, still didn't want to meet him, it would be a straight-out lie to say he hadn't missed this. He'd missed playing spy, fighting the villain, and Draco Malfoy had obviously missed to go out of his way to annoy Harry. Whereby in the past it had been serious, now was more of a mutual game. Others might have been concerned that Malfoy was openly mocking a Ministry official, but Harry knew better. While he'd never imagined he'd miss his and Malfoy's little scenes, life was far too dull with no action. He'd never wanted Voldemort. Never wanted to be the Boy Who Lived. But as for Draco Malfoy… while he'd never asked for him either, life without