Okay so here is my newest story. It's already finished but still tell me what you think and if I should changed anything. This is the first – and probably only – Percy Jackson fanfiction I've done. I'm not separating the chapters in any specific size, I'm just going to cut them off by scene or when it think a chapter should end. But here's the deal. I'll update when I get a review. Until then, it'll stay on my computer and off the internet. Disclaimer (pay attention because these are a pain in the *** and I'm only doing it once): I DO NOT OWN PERCY JACKSON AND THE OLYMPIANS. I DO NOT OWN THE SCREENPLAY I USED (written by Craig Titley and re-written by Chris Columbus). I DO NOT OWN THESE BOOKS BY RICK RIORDAN. I ONLY OWN THE CHANGED I MADE AND MY OC'S CASSIOPEIA AND BERNICE OLYMPIA. THAT IS ALL. WARNING: CURSING. ANOTHER WARNING: REVIEW! OR NO UPDATES! NOW THAT IS ALL. ENJOY! ;) Percy Jackson and the Olympians The Lightning Thief My Version Movierverse Yancy Academy A large campus in upstate New York of old brick building were scattered across several well-manicured acres. A 17 year old boy with dark floppy brown hair walked alone across campus, dressed like a Venice Beach surf rat, listening to his iPod. One could tell he was trying to pull of the tough, hard and cool attitude. His name was Percy Jackson. Until a few months ago, he was a student at Yancy Academy; the kind of place where parents send their "troubled" kids when no one else will take them. What a comforting thought, right? Not. A fight broke out between a group of students – jocks – and teachers resembling grim reapers rushed to break it up while keeping their glasses on their pointed noses. Percy looked at the fight expressionless, as if he'd grown used to it, and just looked away and kept walking. Later that day in class, a 52 year old, gray haired, bearded teacher in a wheelchair, Mr. Brunner, was lecturing to a group of kids who would rather be anywhere else but here. Percy just stared at his textbook. His so-called troubles, had impressive-sounding names. Like "dyslexia" and "Attention deficit disorder." He squinted at the text, the words morphing into odd shapes. He had a better name for his troubles: boredom. He drowned out Mr. Brunner's voice in his mind – no offense meant for the teacher – and let his mind wonder. He was supposed to have some displaced rage because his father abandoned his mother when he was an infant. But honestly, none of that really mattered to him... his troubles were only beginning. Thunder rolled in the newly darkening sky. Percy looked out the window and saw storm clouds forming in the sky, obscuring any light. His best friend, Grover, shifted nervously in his seat behind him. He didn't like the weird boding feeling he got lately, like something big was about to happen. He didn't expect it to happen in three seconds. 2... 3... Suddenly there was a knock at the door making the whole half-sleeping class jolt and look to the door. Mr. Brunner called for whoever it was to come in. The person opened the door and confidently strode into the classroom. Percy looked and saw her . She was probably 5'5''. She had a dark brown head of tight messy curls with blonde strands that fell to her shoulder blades. She was dressed in a not-too-low-cut back shirt with three long rips in it with a red tank top underneath, dark blue flair jeans with the bottoms shredded and pinned up, and black converse with splatters of red, yellow, purple and green paint. Despite her confident tough girl demeanor, she seemed overly composed and politely greeted Mr. Brunner. The teacher sent her to the empty seat next to Percy and she quickly sat down, shyly looking at everyone looking at her. She looked at Percy for a moment and nodded to him, "Hi." She seemed more confident when talking to him. Like he was the only one who didn't matter – not in a bad way – and she could be herself to him. Percy nodded back, "Hey. So you're new?" He nearly winced at how lame that sounded. But he didn't know what else to saw. Not many girls spoke to him, he was the freak with the crippled best friend. But he didn't really care right now. She smiled and nodded, "Millionth time in a row but yeah, I'm the new girl. But I don't think I'll be here long." Percy looked at her confused and asked why. She smirked, "I'm a lost cause. I can't read any of this shit because of my dyslexia." She paused and looked knowingly at him, as if she knew he shared the same disability. She continued, "And an ADD freak like me can never stay in one place too long." She smiled at her joke and looked at him even more knowingly. Percy looked flabbergasted, "You have dyslexia and ADD?" At her nod he said, "Me too." She smiled as if she already knew – he wondered if she really did know – but just said, "Huh? Who wouldn't thunk it?" She smiled and he half-smiled back. They heard a clearing of a throat behind them and turned to see Grover looking at them – err... make that looking at her . He cleared his throat again and looked pointedly at Percy then back to her. She locked eyes with his crippled friend and her eyes widened with an embarrassed realization. She looked back to Percy and asked, "Sorry, what's your name?" Percy laughed, just know realizing himself that they didn't know each other names. "I'm Percy. Percy Jackson." He extended his hand shortly to shake hers and she sort giggled, shaking his hand. But not a girlish squeal of a giggle. More like a breathy chuckle, but it was too feminine. "I'm Cassiopeia. Cassiopeia Olympia. But please... call me Cassie." She smiled and he fully smiled back. Then she looked to his companion behind him and said, "Hey Grover. Nice to see you again." Shocked into silence, Percy had no choice but to remain silent as his dark-skinned friend answered, "Nice to see you too Cassie. How have you been?" Percy was still confused at how these two could possibly know each other. Cassie smiled, "I've been good. Things are tight at camp but we're all dealing. Everyone feels things are just gonna get worse though." Percy had absolutely no idea what she was talking about. What camp? Was this the same camp that Grover went to every summer? Is that how they met? And what did she mean that "everyone feels things are just gonna get worse"? "Understandable. And how's... um..." Cassie and Percy looked expectantly at their now-tongue-tied friend. Percy wondered who or what Grover could be inquiring to but judging by the look on Cassie's face, she knew. Cassie laughed quietly, "Bernie's fine, Grover. She misses you but she's back at camp waiting. I think she's tired of waiting though. She just wants you to come back. Your four hour nightly phone calls are just not enough anymore." Grover blushed as she said this and muttered unintelligibly. Percy's eyes widened slightly, "Wait – what?" He looked to his best friend, "What's this? A girlfriend? How long has this been going on?" He looked mock-accusingly at Grover who blushed and said, "Just two years." Percy's eyes widened even more, making Cassie laugh, "What? You've had a girlfriend for two years and you're just now telling me? C'mon man, I thought I was your best friend!" He wasn't really mad – shocked, yeah, but not mad – he was only joking with his friend to get him all bothered. Grover blushed, "Well, it's kind of been an off again, on again thing. It's sort of long distance. Besides I haven't been able to see her for the past four months 'cause she's at camp." He explained it but there was still so much unclear. Percy looked expectantly at his friend, "Well? Tell me more! What's her name?" Though it wasn't Grover who answered him, the answer itself still confused him more. "Bernice Olympia." Cassie stated simply. Percy looked at her, recognizing the last name. Cassie nodded, "My sister. Twin sister actually. And don't worry too much Grover. She knows you love her, she's just frustrated with the situation. She just really misses you." Grover relaxed his tense shoulders but wasn't completely at ease. "Wait – if she's your sister... why isn't she here with you? Why is she at this camp during the school year?" Percy questioned curiously. The holes in their stories were too huge to ignore. But Cassie didn't even seem phased – or worried like Grover – and simply said, "She wasn't needed here." Percy was still completely confused by this new girl but decided to let it go. Mr. Brunner had regained the class' attention to talk about the upcoming field trip. Three weeks later found Percy seated on a bus bench next to Cassie. Grover took the seat across from them and put his crutches in the empty space so Percy had to sit by Cassie. Cassie sat looking out the window. She now wore a long sleeve knit black shirt and her signature dark blue jeans with the bottoms shredded but now wore blue converse with just purple paint splattered on them. She had dark purple makeup and Percy just now noticed how pretty her eyes were. They were brownish with specks of green and yellow in them. Her hair – instead of blonde – had black streaks in it that looked natural. Cassie smiled at him as he noticed something else. Her thumb ring. It was a pink – yes, pink – heart with a small ruby in the center. "Where'd you get that? I wouldn't expect you to have something so..." He tried to find the right word without offending her but she just smiled and said, "Girly?" He just blushed and shrugged, sheepish. "My mom gave it to me before she left. Bernie has the matching necklace." She said simply, offering nothing else but still piquing Percy's interest. "Left?" Cassie nodded, "My mom left when me and Bern were three months old. So it's just been us and my dad." Percy nodded, and chose to stop asking personal question. He'd only known the girl for three weeks and didn't want to pry into something so... well personal. It wasn't as if he didn't know what it was like to be skipped out on by a parent. "And just to be clear, my mom didn't want to leave," Cassie said suddenly, making Percy look at her uncertainly. "I used to think she just didn't love us or my dad anymore and abandoned us without a second thought. But she broke every rule to come to me one night. I was twelve. She was just sitting on the couch when me and Bernice got home, like she'd been waiting like that everyday. Dad was at work, which I think she chose that time to come on purpose. She told us everything. Why she left. Why she couldn't stay with us. And how much she wanted too. She did promise to watch over us and protect us. And she gave us our gifts and gave us something to always hold close as a little piece of her. So I don't mind that she's not here. I love my dad and my sister. But I know she loves me and if I ever need her, she'll be there in a heartbeat. No matter what." Cassie stopped herself there. She looked at her ring she had been playing with and then back up at Percy. "I wish I had that." He said it so quietly but Cassie heard him. "My