01 July 1995 - English Countryside - Hogwarts Express Harry Potter watched quietly as his best friend stared sightlessly out the window at the placid countryside. He was somewhat surprised at the realization that she was his best friend; it was a title he'd always attributed to Ron. Before the first task he'd found her company more tedious than he was comfortable admitting, but since Ron had come to terms with Harry's inclusion in the Tri-Wizard Tournament, Harry had found his company grating. Ronald Weasley was loud, Ronald Weasley was abrasive, Ronald Weasley was ill-mannered, and Ronald Weasley was temperamental. It's funny, Harry mused, how much that mattered now. After their reunion it hadn't mattered, but as time went on it began to bother him more and more. "Everything's going to change now, isn't it?" Hermione said softly, looking away from the window and towards him. Harry impulsively grasped her hand, squeezing it gently. "Not everything," he assured her. "You'll still be my best friend. Ron's mouth will still outrun his brain." "It rather does, doesn't it?" she grinned. "You'll still have a pretty smile," he went on. "Are you flirting with me, Harry?" she teased. "A bit," Harry admitted. "If you'd rather I didn't-" "No, it's okay," she interrupted. "But-" "Flirting's fun, but more would be weird?" he guessed. "Yes," she nodded. "I don't know why. It just feels…" "Like romance would be terribly awkward between us." "Right!" she exclaimed. Harry gave her hand another reassuring squeeze. "I'm glad you don't mind the flirting, though," he smiled. "It's… comfortable. I'm going to go get some food. See you later, Hermione." He rose from the bench and left the compartment. "Later, Harry," she answered. 01 July 1995 - King's Cross Station - Platform 9¾ Hermione Granger was irritated. After Harry had left the compartment, Ron had returned and started playing Exploding Snap solitaire. The explosions were irregular enough that she couldn't tune them out to read. Draco Malfoy had eventually paid them a 'visit', and the two boys had ended up brawling, further trying her temper. She'd ended up hexing them both, and felt ashamed at her loss of composure. Perhaps that was why Ronald had evacuated the compartment immediately after their arrival at the platform. She would have forgiven him that if he hadn't left her to struggle with her luggage by herself. When eventually she managed to extract her trunk from the rack, it had landed on her foot, leaving her limping. And she still hadn't seen Harry! Spotting her parents, she bid Ron a surly goodbye. Trying to convince her parents to wait for her to find Harry proved a waste of breath. With one last searching look at the platform, she followed her parents out of the station. Vernon Dursley was irritated. The freak was supposed to be back from his blasted school today. But the boy hadn't the manners to be punctual, the train had arrived forty-five minutes ago. Deciding he'd waited long enough, Mr. Dursley returned to his car and drove off. The freak could find his own way home. Amelia Bones was irritated. Fudge had dumped the whole issue of Lord Voldemort's 'alleged' revivification on her desk and told her to sort it out. The investigation had barely begun before the whole thing was mired down in realpolitik. She had no crime scene. Harry Potter was considered an unreliable witness. All she really had was Alastor Moody with ten months of missing memories. She still needed to interview Harry, but his guardians were being uncooperative. At least I have an active case to work on, she admitted, administrivia isn't nearly as stimulating. Now where is Susan? The platform was clearing slowly, but she still hadn't spotted her grandniece. Patience was a prerequisite for any law officer, and Amelia exercised hers. Waiting a little longer wouldn't harm anyone. Augusta Longbottom was irritated. The Regent to the Noble and Most Ancient House of Longbottom reflected on the rumours running about high politics. The House of Magi had been sitting for a week, and for one as savvy as the Dowager Lady Longbottom, signs of unpleasantness to come were obvious. The fractiousness of the Isolationist bloc had settled, and they were acting like an actual political bloc for the first time since the arrest of Lucius Malfoy almost two years ago. They tried to disguise it, of course, but she was experienced enough to see the signs. Someone had managed to secure leadership and get them working in concert again. I'll have to step up Neville's lessons, she reflected. He needs to be able to recognize situations like this. Now where is that boy? Ladon Greengrass, Magister Greengrass was irritated. The Senior Undersecretary to the Minister for Magic had been irritated ever since his unexpected, and unwelcome, promotion two years before. He'd taken a post in Minister Fudge's cabinet as a favor to his wife, and after what was being called the 'Malfoy Disaster' had found himself as acting Minister for almost six months. He'd wanted to return to his fairly junior position once Fudge had recovered, but Fudge couldn't afford the public reaction to his apparent demotion, and Fudge was his wife's favorite nephew. Now he was stuck being the number two man in an administration that was rapidly headed for disaster. The public wouldn't care that they'd been completely hamstrung by the deadlocked House of Magi. They wouldn't care that the administration had to observe the legal protections for subjects of the Crown. The public wouldn't care that they themselves wouldn't stand for the stringent measures required to deny the Dark Lord a foothold. No, all the public would care about is that Lord Voldemort had returned, Harry Potter had said so, and that Fudge's government hadn't stopped him. Lord Greengrass pinched his nose and broke out of his morose thoughts, looking around for his elder daughter and frowning. The platform was almost empty; where was the girl? When only six families remained on the platform, Lord Greengrass made his way across the space to greet Madam Bones. Ladon Greengrass was a tall, handsome, austere man, with sharply defined features and a neatly kept beard. His hair and beard were pure white and his sharp features severe. He'd celebrated his centenary last year, and less than two decades before he'd caused quite a scandal by marrying a witch a fifth his age. Then inspired a number of ribald remarks when that witch soon announced she was pregnant. Now his blue eyes flashed with barely restrained fury as he addressed the Director of Magical Law Enforcement, though he maintained his genteel manners. "Madam Bones, I seem to be missing my heir," he said mildly. "And it appears that the young Lady Bones and Lordan Longbottom are also absent." (1) Amelia Bones was a serious, attractive witch with a strong jaw and red-blonde hair. A scar twisted her left eyelid out of shape behind a monocle. She'd been aggressively courted from the moment she'd passed her OWLs in 1948, but her ferocious sense of independence and absolute dedication to Law Enforcement had kept her single. Even now, bearing the sobriquet 'Iron Maiden', she fended off at least one attempt to court her every few months. "Lord Greengrass, the rail attendants are already searching the train," she answered curtly, "and a message is en route to the Headmaster, requiring his attendance with the Express' passenger manifest." Her voice dropped as she added, likely to intended to be to herself, "why they don't keep it on the Express I don't know." Lord Greengrass heard her anyway. "Because the wards on the Express are outside the wizardspace in which the track exists and warding information can't be passed from normal space to wizardspace," he answered. "Why do you know that?" she wondered. "Because Hogwarts' wards and protections were extensively discussed during the negotiations for the Triwizard Tournament. Ah, here's Dumbledore." Albus Dumbledore was not a happy man. He hadn't been truly happy for many years. True, there had been moments of joy, but happiness had been elusive since the first whispered reports of Lord Voldemort had reached his ears. Today, however, marked another nadir. Four students were missing, including his favorite. Vanished from the very seat of his power as though they had never been. An heir of a great house, and three heads of great houses, all disappeared. It only slightly comforted him that there was sure to be plenty of unhappiness to go around. He read the manifest again with frustrated eyes. Four names in bright black. Bones, Lady Susan. Greengrass, Ladan Daphne. Longbottom, Lordan Neville. Potter, Lord Harry. With their boarding times neatly inscribed next to them, and the departure times blank. Dumbledore scowled at the manifest and thrust it abruptly towards Madam Bones, visibly mastering his temper. "Amelia, my Lord Greengrass, Dowager Longbottom," he greeted them civilly. "According to the manifest, four students, including your three missing wards, are still on the train." "The train's been searched three times, Headmaster," retorted Lord Greengrass. "Once by the staff, once by house elves, and once by Law Enforcement Patrol Officers. They're not there." "I did not say they were," Dumbledore clarified. "I said that according to the protective enchantments on the Express, they never left it." "Is Harry Potter also missing?" Augusta Longbottom inquired, looking over Amelia's shoulder. "His name also appears on the list as still on the train." "I do not know," Dumbledore admitted. "As his guardians are not here, I assume not." "But you will check," Amelia ordered. "Yes," Dumbledore agreed. "All right," Amelia straightened up and nodded. "I'm officially declaring this a potential act of terrorism. Every on-duty Auror will be here within fifteen minutes to begin preliminary investigations, and a task force assembled. After which I will have to suspend you two," she nodded to Dowager Longbottom and Lord Greengrass, "and myself from all governmental positions as potentially compromised. Does anyone have a suggestion for who should head the investigation?" "Kingsley Shacklebolt," Dumbledore offered. "I concur," Dowager Longbottom agreed. "I don't object," Lord Greengrass acceded. "Very well," Amelia said. "I shall begin immediately. Headmaster, if you would, contact all the prefects and their guardians and ask them to stand by. And Lord Potter's friends, too. I'll do the same for Susan, and Augusta and Ladon, please do so for your missing wards." Four of the most powerful people in Wizarding Britain split apart, leaving the platform to attend to their tasks, all very worried for the children in their care. 01 July 1995 - Crawley, West Sussex - Granger Home A young woman in an unremarkable grey pantsuit was sitting behind the wheel of an unremarkable beige four-door compact, parked in the street in front of a snug country cottage in Crawley. The residence of the Grangers was somewhat isolated, and possibly a Heritage-listed building. The walls she could see were made from irregular, mortared stone and the roof was made from ceramic tile. It felt welcoming and cozy. The young woman was a rookie Auror with the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. She'd been tapped for this assignment because she was one of the most capable in the department at operating in the so-called 'Muggle World', and she was young enough to put the interviewee at ease. Her name was Nymphadora Tonks. Tonks was quite nervous. The case she'd been attached to was very high-profile. Too high-profile, really, for a rookie, but no one in the department was as unobtrusive as she. She'd been waiting outside the Grangers' home for almost four hours when a Range Rover pulled into the driveway. She watched as the car pulled into the drive and then into a detached carriage house. Three people left the carriage house and crossed a covered walkway into the cottage. The man was neither tall nor short, fat nor thin, but average, though very fit. He was balding, with hair cut down to stubble and a rugged, but attractive face.