The Minister's Chair 22 December 1990 - Ministry of Magic Cornelius Fudge stood in the minister's office, a small smile on his face as he surveyed the sturdy renaissance furnishings. He ran a hand along the outer edge of the large desk that was now his, and spun in a complete circle, giggling softly. If my constituents could see me now! he said in the recesses of his mind, giggling again. It had taken a long year of vigorous campaigning, but Fudge had made it. Bagnold hadn't liked him at all, and had wanted the office to go to her Senior Undersecretary, Derek Nott. But Fudge was young, vigorous, powerful and decisive. All through the campaign he had made Nott look ineffectual and indecisive, despite Bagnold doing her best to overwhelm him in his office as Junior Minister for the Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes. Even so, with Bagnold's support Nott had held the lead throughout the campaign, until, in what he could only consider a sign from Merlin, Fudge had been personally responsible for saving over two hundred lives and containing a potentially catastrophic breach of the Statute of Secrecy when a young, muggle-born witch had a bout of hysterical accidental magic after an attempt to rape her. The laurels from that event catapulted Fudge to the front of the race, and he rode the wave of popularity straight to the Minister's Chair. At a gentle knock on his office door, he straightened up, adjusted his robes, and adopted a serious mien. Giddiness was not an appropriate attitude for the chief executive of a government. "Enter!" he called. The inner door of his office swung quietly open, held by his administrative assistant. "Minister Fudge, Mage Councilor Malfoy, regarding the minister's furnishings," the assistant announced. Fudge nodded, a brisk acknowledgment of his assistance, and wondered what about his furnishings warranted a visit from the wealthiest member of the House of Mages. He took his seat behind his desk, and instructed his assistant to show the Mage Councilor into the office. Fudge narrowed his eyes slightly as Lucius Malfoy stepped into the office with soft, diffident strides. The man was wealthy and powerful, politically and magically; why was he being demure as a debutante? Malfoy's shoulders were slightly hunched inwards, and his eyes were lowered and slightly cast to his left. "Minister," he began, only to pause briefly, close his mouth, and open it again. "Minister. I hope I do not come across to presumptuous, but I would like your help to honor a Malfoy family tradition." "Traditions are important, Councilor Malfoy," Fudge replied. "If I can, without compromising myself, I shall do what I may to assist you." What could traditions have to do with furnishings? Fudge wondered. Malfoy's eyes rose until he met Fudge's gaze. "Thank you, Minister. When Grégoire Malfoy attended William of Normandy, he noticed that his King spent most of his days in a chair, and that as the day wore on, His Majesty became more irritable and prone to making decisions with his temper, rather than his reason. "Wishing to serve and aid his sovereign, Grégoire had a chair made, specifically crafted to fit William, and enchanted to be as comfortable as could be. William's appreciation led to Grégoire being created Baronet Malfoy, and in honor of this all Malfoys since have had working chairs made for those whom they serve." Fudge nodded gently. "And you'd like to have such a chair made for me, Councilor?" he asked. "Yes, minister. Yes I would," Malfoy answered. "Excellent!" Fudge exclaimed. "Make an appointment with my assistant as soon as may be." Fudge gave his wand a deft twist, sending a message to his assistant with barely a gesture. "I shall have to declare it, of course," he appended, giving Malfoy a gently chiding look, "but I daresay you'll do so as well." "Thank you for your time, Minister," Lucius responded, smoothly rising from his seat. Fudge noted with amusement the change in body language as Malfoy left the office with smooth, confident strides, head held high. 11 May 1993 - Fudge Estate - Gingerbread House Miranda Fudge examined herself in the mirror above the mantle. Round, brown eyes, dark lashes, small chin, high cheekbones, and a smooth forehead. Dark, wavy hair draped her oval-shaped face, her figure was svelte and trim. She pursed her lips, shook her head, and clasped her hands gently in front of her. A lady is never distressed, she heard her mother's voice admonish her. A lady is always calm and collected. Miranda's lips twisted into a wry smile as she considered Fiendfyre ing her mother's portrait. She drew in a slow breath, and let it out in a rush as she examined the tea service once again. Delicate china ware and silver cutlery. She shuddered and touched a hand to her stomach, then across the silver handle in reassurance. Her husband would be home soon, and this was important. "Thank you, Tara. You've done a wonderful job," she murmured to the empty air, knowing Tara would hear the praise. Miranda crossed the room with gentle steps and seated herself, focusing on her breathing to suppress her anxiety as she awaited her husband. Several minutes later, a soft whoosh announced the flare of the floo as it activated, and rough thumps the arrival of her husband. She stood and crossed the rooms, greeting Cornelius with a hug. Her embrace lingered as she took a moment to compose herself, tears pressing at the back of her eyes at the astringent and unfamiliar perfume that lingered on her husband's collar. If Cornelius noticed her lingering, he gave no sign, making his way to tea with swift, heavy steps after she released him. Miranda poured her husband's first cup, dressing it with the absurd amount of sugar he had come to take in the last few years. She waited patiently for him to finish, and spoke when he passed it back. "Cornelius, we need to talk." Her husband froze at the words, looking at her with widened eyes. Miranda's heart lurched as he composed himself and answered jovially, "Of course, of course! What is it, my dear?" "Cornelius, I think you should resign as Minister for Magic." "W-what? Miranda..." Cornelius shook his head and looked into her eyes. "I don't understand. Why would you say such a thing?" "Cornelius..." Miranda sighed, and poured him a second cup of tea, and a third for herself. "You've changed since you took the job. Dramatically. It worries me." "Nonsense!" he interjected, "I've-" Miranda cut him off, "Gained fifty-three pounds, exhibited impaired cognition, started sleeping in a separate bedroom, fired your best friend's nephew, dropped half your social circle..." She shook her head and her posture wilted. "So many of your decisions lately don't make any sense at all. Lius, please. I miss my husband." "Now see here, Miranda! I've put up with this nonsense because you're my wife, but if you're going to disrespect me..." Miranda snapped her head up, her posture going rigid. "Disrespect you?" Her voice rose steadily in pitch and volume, and Cornelius cringed back. "Disrespect YOU!? I didn't fire my assistant to hire some floozy with big tits in too-short skirts! I don't come home smelling like cheap perfume! I didn't move out of our bedroom so I could 'entertain' pretty young women at home!" "So that's what this is all about!" Cornelius retorted. "You think I'm-I'm… carrying on! Well, I've got news for you, missy-" "Take your news and blow it out your ear!" Miranda hissed. Her chair clattered to the floor as she jumped to her feet, making the service rattle as the table lurched. "It's all a piece! You decide what's more important, the Minister's Office or the Marital Bed! I'll be at my sister's until you do, and I don't want to see you without either a letter of resignation or a divorce decree in your hand!" She stalked to the floo, and cried out, "Knochenhaus!" before she vanished in a whirl of green flame. Cornelius stared blankly at the wreckage of his tearoom as he pondered the wreckage of his marriage. "I have to talk to Lucius..." he mumbled. 11 May 1993 - Bones Estate - Knochenhaus Amelia Bones tried not to smile as her younger sister paced back and forth in her parlor, muttering vile imprecations under her breath. Truly, separating from one's husband wasn't something to smile at, but her usually prim sister's language was becoming more and more vulgar. Eventually Miranda Fudge nee Bones ran out of steam, and she collapsed into a chaise with no thought to her posture, letting her tears free at last. "I just… don't understand, Amy," she implored. "It's like the man I married has just… died, leaving a hedonistic shell of a fool in his place. What went wrong?" Amelia sat a bit straighter, twitching her wand to summon a blank notebook. Fishing a pen from her pocket, she looked over at her sister. Miranda rolled her eyes… "Let's make a list!" they chorused. "Okay, Amelia," Miranda relented, and started counting on her fingers. "Lius started taking his tea with five lumps instead of straight. He stopped socially visiting the Gamps, the Weasleys, the Ogdens, the MacMillans, and Slughorn. His decision-making's become erratic; he'll make a decision, then reverse himself two or three times. He..." Miranda blushed, "became disinterested in intimacy… with me at least," she appended, before clearing her throat. "He started taking more sweets. He dismissed Samson Rawlings. His wand-work got clumsier; things he used to do himself are left to Tara. He hired that tart with more boobs than brains as his personal assistant. Um..." "Miranda," Amelia called her sister's attention back to the present. "This list," she waved her notebook, "is enough for me to start a quiet, legal investigation. I don't know if we'll discover anything other than that your husband let his office go to his head, but I can at least look." Miranda rose, gave her sister a tight hug, and exited the parlor without another word. 12 May 1993 - MoM - DMLE Annex #3 Wilson Rogers nodded to his secretary as he walked into his office. At almost two meters tall, broad-shouldered and heavyset, with a blunt jaw, small eyes, thick eyebrows and cheap business robes, an ignorant observer could be forgiven for concluding the man was a thug rather than one of Magical Britain's three 'top cops'. As the Head of the Magical Diplomatic Protection Group Rogers strove to be underestimated. "DDMLE waiting in your office, sir," his secretary dutifully chirped. Rogers raised his eyebrows and nodded his acknowledgment, walking directly into his office to find Amelia Bones and Rufus Scrimgeour, head of the Auror Office, holding their wands on him. Rogers froze, slowly raising his hands. "This is offensive in the extreme, and I apologize for it, but I'll need you to make this oath," Amelia said, handing him an oathstone and a written oath. Rogers froze, and glared at his boss, then placed his hand on the stone. "I, Wilson Percival Rogers, do hereby swear that I have not willfully violated, by word or by deed, the mandate of my office to ensure the safety and well-being of the officers of government entrusted to my care." The oathstone under his hand pulsed blue a moment, and then faded, quiescent. "All right, Amelia what's..." Madam Bones held up her hand, interrupting his question. "Curse Breaker," she directed, nodding towards the corner behind him. Rogers started and looked over his shoulder. A figure in a gray robe with their face obscured behind a charm. "No active magical effects," the figure reported. They then thrust a small square of metal towards Rogers. "Bleed on this please, Mr. Rogers," the figure directed. Scowling, Rogers sliced open the back of his forearm and let the blood drip onto the square while the figure watched a clear crystal. "He's clear of potions," the curse