So, an explanation. Lillith Potter was the result of the worse Dursley family possible, and was dark as hell because of it. Iris Potter was the end result of having a human Dursley family, and we all got to view her enabled craziness. Violet Potter was raised by a single parent, an unmarried Petunia Evans who had made peace with her sister. Slytherin, Gryffindor, and now Ravenclaw, I've never actually written a genius introvert with zero desire to deal with magic before. Accepting what they are and become more? Yeah. Realizing magic is real and wanting nothing to do with it but have to be part of it regardless? New for me. Hope you enjoy, please review. Edit: Forgot to mention, Violet was named by the lovely Lady Lily Anne when she pointed out Petunia wouldn't really be ok with such an unBritish name as Jasmine. I agreed, saving that one for the eventual Hufflepuff... "Petunia can you sign off on this chart? I have to go on lunch and would rather not wait for Doctor Roberts to stop being self important and all." Nurse Petunia Evans glanced up to her younger co-worker and blinked a moment before smiling blandly accepting the offered clipboard with an amused snort and a shake of the head. "A long wait for a train that won't come I'm afraid. Here, I'll sign off on it." Matilda smiled in turn and once Petunia had scrawled her signature on the sheet she quickly accepted the returned paperwork with a thankful nod. "I appreciate it Petunia really, Dominic's been getting on my case about the long hours lately and if I can avoid the blowhards around here, well..." Petunia rolled her eyes as she nodded her understanding, "Trust me I get it, the doctors diaganose, the nurses do the work. It's a tale as old as time, I'm just glad my daughter is so self sufficient or I'd be a mess worrying about her on her own as it is with the hours we're running as of late." Her co-worker shifted her shoulders a bit as she cocked her head to the side, "How is Violet holding up now? You said she'd had another episode recently and all, yes?" Petunia grimaced, by 'episode' as she had explained it to her employers, she meant her little girl had flashbacks of what she could only assume was Lily's murder in her sleep and had lashed out with her...powers... and hurt herself, again. Christ she hated magic and what it had done to her family...and continued to do here on. "She's doing well," Petunia demured as she twirled a finger in the air. "Nose stuck in a book as always and helpful as ever. Top of her class actually, she's looking forward to the new school year. She's hoping...hoping to make some friends with the new term and all." That hurt, Petunia wouldn't deny it. Poor Violet never had managed to make any friends, the other children either finding her quiet bookish nature odd or just simply being unsettled by her glittering emerald eyes. Eyes that could seemingly see through who you were, to gaze directly into ones soul and judge their worth in a moment, beautiful eyes, unnatural eyes. Lily's eyes. Matilda seemed to sense Petunia's unease and simply excused herself after thanking the older woman once again, turning back to her work Petunia glanced at the charts before her while frowning. It would appear Mister Donnell had shown up with a strange object irrecoverably stuck in his arse...again, and he refused to explain how it had gotten there to begin with. Sighing Petunia, for the hundredth time this morning, simply rolled her eyes to the ceiling while muttering, "Man needs to just buy a vibrator and be done with it..." and soon began filing her report. As the clock struck six in the evening Petunia punched out and pulled a light jacket over her scrubs, today was important and she had no time to change into her street clothes afterall. Picking up her handbag she made the short walk from the hospital to the corner store bakery in record time. Taking her pre-ordered parcel she soon found herself at the bus stop and as luck would have it she'd made it just on time for her route. A twenty minute ride later she was only two blocks from the small cottage she and her daughter resided in, approaching said home she couldn't help smiling a bit as she took in the well groomed rose bushes and herb gardens. Her little Violet certainly had a green thumb, something the small girl had gained from Petunia and she was immensely proud of the child for her efforts. Jamming her keys into the deadbolt she quickly unlocked the door and swung it open, as she crossed the threshold and slammed the door behind her she quickly yelled out her greeting. "Love I'm home! How was your day?" Entering the kitchen she placed her parcel on the counter and quickly turned around when she heard a shuffling behind her. A small girl stood in the doorway, her wavy raven black hair was pulled back into a ponytail, and her brilliant green eyes were slightly clouded by her catseye glasses, but there was no mistaking the grin running across her lips. "Welcome home mum! Today was great, I sat in the back garden and read 'The Purloined Letter' while listening to Mozart, it was a rather good afternoon really. Oh I also met a new snake, her name was slitherscale, I helped her catch a couple grasshoppers for a snack before she moved on to the woods. How was your day?" The normally introverted girl's cheery greeting was of course marred with mentions of her powers, her unnatural abilities, but as always Petunia took it in stride. Violet was her little girl, magic and all, and she would always be supportive of her. "Oh just some typical ridiculousness really, I honestly sometimes wonder how we survive as a species if I'm to be perfectly honest love." Violet giggled at that as she pushed her glasses up her nose, "Stupid people doing stupid things then mum?" Petunia snorted in amusement as she turned to the parcel as she began peeling back the brown paper, "And smart people out smarting each other. Quite a chore really, but alas what can we simple folk do? Now, do you remember what today is?" Violet became slightly pensive as she toed the floor with a stocking clad foot, "It's my birthday mum..." Petunia grinned as she removed the cream covered cake from it's packaging and placed it on the kitchen table, "Correct! Now would the birthday girl please come and take a seat?" Eyes widening the little girl padded over to the table and quickly hopped into the offered chair, taking a box of candles from her pocket Petunia carefully placed eleven of them into the chocolate confection. Pulling out her Zippo Petunia flicked the wheel striking the flint which quickly brought flames to life, lighting each candle she snapped the lid shut and placed the brass box aside while turning to her grinning daughter. "Now love, make a wish, any wish, what do you want most in the world? Remember don't speak it aloud or it won't come true." Violet stared at the dancing flames for a time before nodding, and in one powerful huff blew out all the candles. Smiling Petunia plucked the spent wax sticks from the cake and tossed them into the dustbin, pulling out a knife she quickly cut up the cake and offered a slice to Violet who was still grinning happily. As the small girl tucked into her treat Petunia reached into her pocket and pulled out a small package, sliding it towards the distracted Violet she eventually coughed to gain her daughters attention. Glancing at the wrapper clad object Violet met her mother's gaze evenly while cocking her head to the side, Petunia could only grin in return. "It's your birthday gift love, the cake was just the first bit, go ahead, open it." Plucking up the small package Violet gently peeled back the paper to reveal a small black velvet box, snapping it open she gasped as she took in its contents. Pulling out the dainty silver chain Violet watched the swaying locket it held with a grin, raising her other hand to grasp the shining object she ran a finger over the porcelain cover and quickly turned to her smiling mother. "The flowers painted on the cover, lilies, violets, petunias, and-" "Marigolds, yes love. My sister, you, myself and my mother., I...I thought you'd like it..." Violet's eyes teared up a bit before she hopped off her seat and rushed Petunia wrapping her in a tight hug, "I love it!" Staying like that for a time Petunia eventually broke the girls grasp around her and pulled the locket from her hands, gently weaving the silver chain around Violet's neck she managed to lock it into place with little trouble. "How about we watch a bit of telly then get ready for bed yes?" Violet sniffed and nodded as her mum led her into the sitting room, they eventually settled for Labyrinth and it wasn't long before both Evans women lost themselves to the vocals of David Bowie. It was nearing nine at night when Petunia decided that it was time for her daughter to get some sleep, birthday or not she was still too young to pull the long nights her mother tended to. After tucking her daughter in and reading a story to her, an exercise more for Petunia's benefit than Violet's really, the worn out nurse wandered back into the sitting room. Noticing the stack of letters sitting on the table Petunia sighed as she began sifting through them. Bill. Bill. Advertisment for cigarettes...something to consider there. Bill. 'Miss Harriet L. Potter' Petunia froze as she stared down at the envelope in her now shaking grip, throat constricting as her hands began trembling in honest fear. It was a Hogwarts letter, for her little girl. The freaks found them... Oh God how could she protect her daughter from them? She'd failed Lily, even if they'd managed to mend their relationship, even though she'd sworn to protect Violet at all costs she was only a normal woman. What could she do against those with magical powers!? How could she possibly make sure her little girl wasn't murdered like her little sister!? Petunia Evans, much to her personal shame, broke down crying, knowing their was nothing that could stop those inbred monsters from dragging her daughter back into their world. When Violet Evans awoke next morning she padded her way to the loo, did her business, brushed her teeth, and made her way to kitchen. Trying to decide whether it was worth making eggs or just simply going with cold cereal the eleven year old girl froze when she saw her mother hunched over the table, head resting in her arms. She was still clad in her scrubs from last night, and had what looked like some sort of old style paper crushed in her hands. "Mum? Are you ok? I...mum?" Petunia lifted her head and met the girls gaze evenly, though Violet did gulp upon seeing the woman's bloodshot eyes. "Good morning love. I...need to tell you a few things...things I had hoped you wouldn't have to deal with..." Gulping again Violet took the seat opposite of her mum and fidgeted a bit before replying. "O...k...mum what's going on?" Sighing Petunia extended her hands and gripped Violet's lightly before letting out a resigned huff, "Love...you know you are all that matters to me, yes? That you are the most important element to my life and no matter what you'll always be my daughter?" Violet was, quite reasonably in her opinion, beginning to freak out a bit, "Mum you're scaring me. Of course I know that, how could