So this little plot bunny came out of left field but I thought it had some merit. See I'm one of those who feels that any childhood adventure story written in Britain seems to HAVE to involve a neglected child with horrific guardians. Lemony Snicket, Oliver Twist, Harry Potter, they all follow the same trope. The thing about Harry Potter though is the simple fact that child protection services would have had the Dursleys stripped of both Harry and Dudley faster then you could blink. So my thought was this, what if the Dursleys were only acting like horrible undeveloped carictures because they were manipulated into being so by Dumbledore, so Harry would be a submissive little thing that would latch onto those who saved him from his horrible situation like a limpet? Not new no, but my take on it is this, what if the very protections Dumbledore placed on Harry and his family to protect them from the machinations of wizards that meant them harm sensed his intent? What if the very magic that he intended to use against Voldemort, protected the Dursleys from him? So that's where I'm going with this, oh and since apparently it's my thing now (I have a thing, who knew?) this'll be Fem!Harry but I have no pairings in mind so as the story progresses lemme know what you think. Oh right, if you're at all curious why this iteration is named Iris rather than Lillith well...Lilly Potter is err... a twisted, adorable, pretty little psycho to put it bluntly. Iris grew up normal, more Gryffindor'ish but not as brazenly so as Harry but enough that when egged on by Dudley she starts developing her magic at an early age. Oh and before anyone bitches about it (I know there is going to be at least one complaint from someone who didn't read this A/N) I am quite aware Final Fantasy came out in Japan in 1987 and didn't get another release until 1990, just go with it. As for the NES itself, believe it or not it was a bit difficult to find a straight answer on the UK release, regardless it's fanfiction after all...I so know someone is going to whinge about this... November 2, 1981 It was early morning on an early November day, the sun had not quite risen on the horizon and it wasn't quite time for the milkman or paperboy to make their rounds. It was, being England and all, a wet and rather cold morning which caused a slight form to shiver uncontrollably. A small child, one Iris Dorea Potter lay wrapped in a far too thin blanket nestled in a basket upon the front stoop of 4 Privet Drive, carelessly left there by a manipulative old man who had a tendency to have more faith in his plans then he probably should. She didn't know any of this though, her still developing mind was barely able to process what she could, luckily for her she'd grow up to be a highly intelligent little girl so she was able to put some pieces together. Mommy was gone, daddy was gone, a bad man aimed a bad green light at her, and then she remembered a giant man carrying her around while hearing Padfoot screaming. She had never been this cold before, she felt around for the warm fuzzy energy that was always present around her yet found none other then what was coming from a letter laying atop her. Instinctively she reached out to it for comfort and being that she was a child ignored the danger it represented in the hopes of feeling safe. Thus she was shocked into crying when her magic brushed against the cursed letter and the spells upon it tried to latch to her. Spells designed to warp the minds of muggles assailed her drained magic, spells meant to cause apathy, disdain, and violence solely towards her leached from the handwritten note and tried to take hold. A moment later they stopped fast against a glowing barrier that felt like mommy, then it faded and the letter was just that, a simple letter. Realizing that the bad magic was gone she cried again, none the wiser that she'd completely derailed the manipulations of a corrupt old man who was currently enjoying a lemon drop in a castle in Scotland. Vernon Dursley found himself roused from his sleep by a child crying, cursing lightly he sat up and being the dutiful father he was begrudgingly got out of his warm bed next to his warm wife. In all honesty if his friends and coworkers had let him in on how little sleep he would get as the father of a young child he would have better prepared for it. As it stood he was fairly certain this was some elaborate act of revenge for making them work weekends to meet their deadlines. Yawning the large man moved as quietly as he could in hopes of not waking Petunia, she got little enough rest herself so why share the burden with her, moving down the hall he cracked the door to Dudley's room and felt an eyebrow raise as his mustache twitched. Dudley was asleep, then why did he hear a child crying? Sighing as he ran a hand over tired eyes he closed the door and went to go back to bed when he heard it again. While it was satisfying that he now had validation that he wasn't going barmy that didn't quite answer why he was hearing a child crying downstairs. Plodding down the stairs and wincing as one of the steps creaked rather loudly Vernon stopped and listened again. Nothing. Sighing he stroked his mustache a few times in frustration when he heard the cry again, outside his front door of all places. Confused he undid the deadbolt and swung the door open and found himself staring down at a small shivering form, her near blue lips pulled into a grimace as a cascade of ruby red hair framed her face. "Iris?!" he gasped out in shock, scooping the basket up he slammed the door shut inadvertently waking his wife in the process. Pulling the freezing girl from the basket she'd been resting in Vernon held her close causing her to coo happily, hearing a step creak he turned to meet his wife's confused gaze before she saw the child and gasped. "Vern, what's going on? Is that Iris? What, I-" she cut off as she saw the letter that had fallen to the ground, snatching it up she began reading it and paled visibly as her right hand rested upon her heart. Breathing heavily she leaned against the wall and slid down it till she hit the floor. Concern only equaled by his confusion Vernon followed her lead and landed next to her, cocking a brow the big man finally spoke, "Pet, what did the letter say?" Stifling a cry Petunia wrapped her arms around his thick neck and began sobbing which set the small bundle in his arms wailing. He was surrounded by emotional females...lovely... Eventually Petunia got a hold of herself, wiping her nose on the cuff of her pink robe she finally spoke, "Jamie and Lils are dead...that...that Dark Lord found them...the only one who made it was Iris." Well. Shit. Vernon didn't necessarily dislike his brother in law, in fact the man could be downright charming, he was just...clueless, when it came to the real world. His best mates Sirius and Remus weren't as bad by a longshot, the latter due to having a muggle-born father and the former having an undying desire to annoy his parents. Still, he never wished death upon the man, Lily though? This was bad, she and Petunia had a massive falling out a few years before he'd met his future wife and it was only after the births of both their children that the sisters reconciled, their bond stronger then ever after finally coming to terms with each other. Petunia finally had her little sister back, the last of her family, and she was gone. As the little girl in his arms made gurgling noise and tried to escape his grasp Vernon turned to his wife and sighed, "What about Iris?" Petunia waved at the discarded letter before her as she replied, "This...Dumbledore...isn't...isn't that an old word for bumble bee? Anyway this Dumbledore fellow says we are to take care of her until she is to go to Hogwarts...Just like Lily..." Vernon paused at that, he really didn't mind taking care of his niece, she and Dudley had always gotten along fine and it wouldn't be much of a burden. But... "Pet...I...does she really have to go to that school?" Turning red rimmed eyes to her husband Petunia cocked her head to the side in confusion, "What do you mean by that? Of course she has to go, all witches have to go to Hogwarts...I know..." She sighed dejectedly at that but Vernon pressed on, this was important. "I mean Pet, does she have to go? Your sister entered that world and...there really isn't a sensitive way to put this, we both know that Sirius was her sworn godfather and that Longbottom woman...Alice? She was her godmother, if Iris was left with us that means they're all dead. James, Lily, Sirius, Alice, and who knows who else? If we raise her to be our daughter I just...I want to keep her safe, away from all those freaks that mean her harm." At that Petunia began sobbing and buried her face in her husbands arm, "Oh Vernon, do you think we can? Do you think we can keep her safe from them ?" He pondered that, what had Sirius said about magic being all about intent? He'd mentioned that since his animagus form was named Padfoot, and he self identified with that name all letters and spells aimed towards that name would find him. If...hmm... "What if we adopt her?" He began slowly, gaining confidence as he spoke, "What if she didn't grow up Iris Potter, but Iris Dursley? When she eventually notices that her and Dudley's birthdays don't add up we'll let her know she's actually our niece but that shouldn't matter, she's still family. If she sees herself as a Dursley, would those backwards freaks be able to find her?" Petunia, who had a hopeful look in her eyes leaned forward and kissed Vernon fully before pulling back, "That's brilliant love!" He smirked at that, "Well I'm not the youngest sales director in Grunning's history for nothing love, one has to think outside the box after all." Sighing the pair stared at the child in his arms a few minutes before her gaze met theirs, her emerald eyes shining brightly as the newly risen sun bathed them in its warm light. Eventually, reality set in and Vernon spoke again, "Out of curiosity do you think those wizards blokes bothered filing the guardianship papers or do you think they just decided to leave her on the porch and be done with it?" Petunia winced and dropped her head to his shoulder, "I'll ask Adeline if she'll watch Dudley while we go into town..." Bollocks...bloody wizards... Christmas Day, 1987 Dudley Dursley woke up with a gleam in his eye, the blonde boy sat up and looked about his room and then slid out of his bed focused for the day ahead. It was Christmas , which meant two things, opening presents with his sister, and seeing Aunt Marge. He would really rather focus on that first bit honestly, Aunt Marge was a bit much to take in. Opening his door and padding down the hall as gently as he could he opened his sisters bedroom door and quietly stepped inside. Walking up to the redhead he shook her gently and the slight girl groggily opened her green eyes to stare at him in confusion. "Dud, wuz go'in on..."