So, I got invited to a private Role Play and I invented a character that kinda demanded I write her introduction. I'm so use to writing slightly over powered, over bearing, larger than life characters. So writing someone who isn't really that powerful, not really that important, and not really part of the Great Machine, yet makes a difference just by being there? It's...neat So, while I have no idea where this may go, I hope you all enjoy this indulgence and have fun with the slightly jaded Miss Natalia Mikailov. Edit-Special thanks to Lady Lily Anne for reminding me about the patronymics involved with Russian names, also I'm driving the poor woman insane with yet another story. Seriously how does she put up with my bullshit like this? London was quite a bit like Moscow, in that it was loud, dirty, crowded, and made one Natalia Nikolayevna Mikhailov deeply uncomfortable. The eleven year old girl wrapped her arms around her kitten more tightly than she should have, while порочный growled in annoyance at the gesture. "Sorry Vicious," she mumbled to the kitten as her father laid a hand on her back guiding her towards the human walls, the Russian aristocrat expertly weaving them through the crowds with the experience of a well traveled businessman. "My little цветок, are you not excited to go to Hogwarts?" She wasn't, not in the slightest actually. She had been forced to live a sequestered life in a cold empty manor until she was ten, then by the insistence of her mother was thrown at her extensive extended family without warning and forced to adapt to them. None of who seemed to realize that she was an introvert who was freaking out that her bubble of privacy was being horrifically violated, and was soon dragged out to interact with people she had never met before. All of whom seemed to know significantly more about her than she did them. Why, why oh why could no one respect the bubble? "Of course Papa, I am just tired is all," as anxious as she was she couldn't bring herself to upset her father. He had been the only warmth in her life, the only one who really cared and understood her, thus she did her best to alleviate any anxieties he himself had sending her off to school. So she would do as her wretch of a mother had taught her, and lie, to if nothing else save her father's worries for later. "Ah yes, it was an early start for us wasn't it? Well, we're here. Apparently entering Platform 9 3/4 alone is a bit of a tradition, so my darling this is where we part. Write me every week yes?" Accepting her shrunken trunk from her father as she slipped it into her pocket Natalia sobbed once as she was pulled into her kneeling father's embrace, Vicious once again yowling in annoyance. "I promise Papa, and if you get lonely write me, da?" He chuckled as he stood ruffling her raven black her slightly with his free hand, "Da, of course. Now have fun, try and make friends, but remember the first rule of our family." She nodded solemnly at that, "Everyone is out for themselves, and so are you..." With a sad smile her father nodded and pointed at a nondescript pillar behind her. "Лучший студент, которого я когда-либо имел, now go dearest..." Taking in a deep breath Natalia turned around and entered the portal, and gasped lightly when she appeared upon a sunny platform housing a massive cherry red steam engine followed by countless passenger cars. The corners of her lips quirked up as she took in the sights and she couldn't help skipping a bit as she approached the entry ramp. While she had no desire to interact with the other children fate soon arranged for her to find herself colliding with a very confused boy with messy black hair and mesmerizing green eyes. He adjusted his taped together glasses and turned to her looking highly embarrassed as he scratched the back of his head. "Sorry wasn't looking where I was going, it's all quite a bit to take in isn't it?" She assessed his appearance in a moment, broken glasses, tatty clothes, scar on his forehead. Obviously a classic abused muggle-born. Her father had told her they were not rare in the slightest, that most muggles treated their magically capable offspring with distrust and hatred, that they resented their offsprings natural superiority over them. The poor boy. "It's quite all right, I should have been watching where I was going," she replied while giving him a brief curtsy even with Vicious still in hand, the boy grinned and bowed lightly in return. It was messy, but the fact that he bothered immediately earned him points in Natalia's book. "Ditto, I barely found out how to even get in here, had to follow a herd of redheads in, my name is Harry, by the way, Harry Potter." Natalia cocked her head to the side as she observed his offered hand knowing full well the boy did not recognize the violation of decorum he had just displayed. You only offered a hand in a gesture of alliance, but...well...even if he wasn't aware of what he was doing having an ally in this foreign school couldn't be a bad thing, could it? Taking his hand she shook it gently and felt the magic around them surge for a moment as she returned the greeting, "Natalia Nikolayevna Mikailov, a pleasure to meet you." He turned back to the train and huffed as he pulled his trunk along, the snowy white owl perched on its top clacking her beak in annoyance as the rickety cart rolled over the uneven cobblestones. "This is Hedwig by the way, she's the most brilliant owl ever," Harry stated with a definitive nod, Natalia giggled at that while extending her now very grumpy kitten out with both arms. "This is порочный! Er...rather this is Vicious! He's only six months old but he is super smart!" As Harry pulled his trunk up the ramp he glanced back at the small kitten while shaking his head slightly, "Something tells me that is an appropriate name... So where are you from? Romania, Russia?" "Russia," she said with a sigh taking in the passenger car with an analytical eye, "My father wanted me to go to school as far away from home as he could manage. He was hoping for the Americas but this was the best we could do." Opening an empty cabins door he gestured for her to enter and soon followed her in, leaving the door open he unsteadily tried to put his trunk up on the carriage rack above the seats. Sighing she placed Vicious on the opposite seat and helped Harry manhandle the trunk into place, grinning sheepishly he ran his hand through his messy hair again while shaking his head slowly. "Thanks, so umm...if you don't mind me asking why did your dad want you to go to school away from your family?" She expected the question, and it was as uncomortable as expected, but he was a muggle-born and obviously wouldn't know better. So she sighed again and scooped up Vicious soon holding him in her lap as she sat opposite of Harry. "My father pulled a...oh what do you call it...a...French term I think...Something others consider uncouth?" "A faux pas?" Harry offered, and she smiled in return as she nodded quickly. "Yeah, something like that. See he was forced into a marriage contract against his will, my mother is...not the nicest person in the world, and is very difficult to live with. So Papa wrote up a magically binding document declaring my exemption from betrothal contracts...that didn't sit well with...err...anyone." Harry looked deeply confused as he cocked his head to the side, "Marriage contracts? Those are still a thing?" Natalia resisted the urge to sigh, muggle-borns did not take this aspect of their newfound society well in the slightest, father had told her so on multiple occasions. Typically western muggles viewed the concept of marriage contracts and betrothals to be a couple hundred years out of date, and for a people that sent ships to the moon and walked on the floor of the oceans, it seemed downright barbaric. The fact her father recognized this alone earned the families ire, thankfully being the Head of House exempted him from execution...for now anyway. "Yes..." she began slowly, "they are still a thing. Thankfully Papa cares more for me then he does decorum, so I'm free to marry who I wish. So he wants me as far away from the family as possible to make sure none of my cousins try to seduce me and force me into an unwanted marriage to claim the family headship." Harry stared at her blankly for several moment's, and she briefly thought she had broken the boy before he replied in a stilted, incredulous tone. "Your dad, was worried that family would try to seduce an eleven year old girl and force her into marriage?" She nodded slowly, "Da, about it really." Harry stared at her a few more seconds before letting out a tired sigh and seemingly deflated a bit, "What the bloody hell kind of world have I been dragged into?" She let out a brief giggle before shaking her head slightly, "A very traditional one. I'll give you a bit of advice, you offering your hand to me? That sealed a casual alliance between the two of us, meaning that if someone or something works against you, or myself, we're magically obligated to back each other up. Luckily for you, I needed an ally, and you seem like a nice sort, so you'll have my wand if you need it." Harry looked flummoxed, furious, then resigned as he shook his head slowly, "And here I thought I had finally made a friend..." That...hurt...sweet Circe that hurt... Placing Vicious on the bench Natalia stood and slowly approached Harry, sitting next to him she placed her arm around his thin shoulders a moment before speaking. "I...would like to be your friend. It's obvious you don't know what you're doing here. Heck...I don't know what I'm doing here, everything is different from home but... I know enough. I didn't mean to imply that I tricked you into a contract, really, our allegiance to each other is informal at best. Still...I meant what I said, if you need me, you have my wand, my support, because..." She sighed and slumped her shoulders looking equally as miserable as Harry, "I've never had a friend...ever...and...I'd like to be yours..." Harry was silent for a time before he let out a sigh, "Really? Not just using me?" At that she released his shoulder and shrugged, "My families motto is 'Everyone is out for themselves, and so are you,' yes I'm using you, but...well... You are using me too, we'll use each other so no one else can..." "Cynical," he bit out, then laughed, "But...acceptable..." They remained in comfortable silence for a time, when a redheaded boy stuck his head in the car breaking their reverie. "Hey, all the other cabins are full, can I stay in here?" Before Harry could even open his mouth Natalia stood up and curtsied quickly, the gesture showing off her fine robes and family crest causing the boy to pause mid-step as he was entering the cabin. "I'm afraid we are awaiting our companions and the free spaces are currently reserved, our apologies for the inconvenience." The boy glared at her, stared at Harry, and then huffed slamming the door behind him, taking her place back at Harry's side, and for reasons unknown to her having his blasted owl land on her shoulder she turned to her now contemplative companion. "Why did you lie?" It wasn't an accusation, just a question, she shrugged a bit as she began running her fingers