So this was my original Fem!Harry story published last year, the problem was I wrote myself into a wall and really hated were the last arc was going. So I actually took a step back, drew up a proper outline, and did a complete revamp, so this is the retconned and refined version. New changes are we're going to see more of what's going on in the other Houses, and the general misogynistic outlook of the wizarding world that I briefly touched on will be more of an ongoing issue. Plus later chapters lost what made this fun for me to write, Harry adapting to being turned into a girl and the hijinks that follows her. Anyway for those that read the original there is going to be quite a bit of new material, so please, enjoy and review! So WARNINGS! This is a genderbender eventual femslash pairing between Harry and Hermione, there will be no Weasley bashing because I find it to be an over used and often times nonsensical plot device. We will be touching off on such issues as expected gender roles, drug and alcohol usage, violence, defenestration, mentions of sexual assault (which will be labeled) and basically a bunch of insane people with a tonne of money and no compunctions on how they spend it. Harry Potter was having a rather rotten week, be it from the simpering ministry flunky running his Defense Against the Dark Arts classes, the unending line of detentions he'd accumulated over the past few days for speaking the truth about Voldemort, or having to deal with his best mates rather mercurial temperament. So all told, par for the course really, Harry was still the worlds punching bag and yet again the adults in his life remained next to useless, good times. He was drawn from his irritated musings by a pinch faced ferret who fancied himself his rival stepping in his way, "Hey Potter, how was your summer hmm? Cry like a woman over what happened to Diggory?" Ah Draco, now there was a case study on daddy issues, not really deigning it necessary to respond to the barb Harry attempted to move around the blonde ponce and his bookends. Crabbe and Goyle were as imposing and vapid as ever, and he really had no intention of dealing with the illiterate trio but they moved as a unit to block his and Hermione's path to where Ron was seated. Gritting his teeth Harry finally let the summers worth of abandonment fueled rage bleed through, "Malfoy I know you can't get enough of my presence, really I do, but keep pushing me and I'll give you a reminder of what I did to your darling Dark Lord when I was an infant , now would you kindly bloody move. " The trio blinked dumbly at this but didn't react otherwise, he mused this was likely the net result of generations of inbreeding; for her part Hermione tensed up a bit and dropped her hand to her wand, bless her paranoid heart. Sneering again in a manner that just annoyed Harry further the blonde retorted, "Are you taking the piss out of me Potter? You can't do anything to me, my father-" and with that Harry finally had it, he just couldn't take it anymore; utilizing every enraged abused and mistreated feeling he had wound in his psyche he performed an act of wandless magic that would have caused Merlin to applaud. All at once Crabbe and Goyle went flying to either side of the room seeing as they were inconsequential to Harry's ire, Malfoy though was thrown to the front of the room his robes melting around him as his hair turned a rather lurid shade of violet. A tableau of glowing magics spun around the room as Harry vented his rage, no one, not even Dumbledore himself could have reeled in the boys anger at this point, after a time the miasma of energy bled off and the room was left silent. As the storm settled Harry was still standing there quivering in fury with Hermione grasping his arm staring at him in awe. They were both now occupying a rather impressive crater in the stone floor, and a certain blonde was magically crucified on Snape's blackboard stark naked and sporting a rather impressive indigo mullet. "Potter...twenty points from Gryffindor for assaulting classmates," Snape, of course it had to be Snape, always waiting in the shadows to bestow blame on those defending themselves against his charges. Not really believing he was about to do what he had planned he turned to the greasy git and snarled, "Bugger off Death Eater," and with that he grabbed Hermione's wrist and pulled her with him to his seat next to Ron. Every eye in the room was on him, no one knowing quite how to react other then seeing this blowup as proof that the Daily Prophet was right about the one time saviors instabilities. Snape pulled his wand out and in a few motions brought his dungeon back to normal while also freeing the ferret from the blackboard whilst transfiguring him new robes; no luck on the mullet though, pity that. Eventually Snape's vitriolic gaze met Harry's as he coldly stated, "Thirty points from Gryffindor for disrespecting a professor," Ah, that's how it was, meeting the greasy gits dark eyes Harry just smiled grimly as he replied, "What part of 'Bugger off Death Eater' did you not understand, Professor ?" Opening his book he ignored the world around him as Snape seethed out that he'd involve the Headmaster for this disrespect. Harry only infuriated the man further by chuckling to himself, at least the bearded bastard would be forced to acknowledge his existence for the first time since his trial, wrinkled old codger. Was Harry bitter? Just a bit. Out of the norm Hermione partnered up with him and kept casting concerned looks his way, eventually sighing he gave in and asked his best friend what was wrong. "What's wrong?! You're having to deal with Heinrich Himmler's reincarnation as a Defense Professor, you spent the entire summer feeling as if you were abandoned by all your friends after witnessing a classmate being murdered by the man who betrayed your parents, and then you perform an act of wandless magic that would leave every witch in existence hot and bothered all while openly mocking an authority figure?!" Her whispered rant ended when she ran out of air, truth be told Harry was fairly impressed and idly wondered how long the brunette could hold her breath. Keeping that non sequitor to himself he tuned back into her huffing as she just shook her head as she got to work on their project. He really hadn't the foggiest idea what he was supposed to be working on as he began tossing random ingredients into the cauldron, at this point Harry was well aware he was going to get a Troll for the day so he couldn't really find it in himself to care either. After a few moments of silence Hermione finally continued, "I'm worried about you Harry, I'm very worried about you and I don't know what I can do to help. You seem quite intent on making things difficult for yourself." He really didn't have a response to that, honestly she was right what could she do when all he wanted from life at the moment was to beat Snape and Voldemort to death with his bare hands, pausing a moment he had to wonder why he was feeling so enraged. None of this was new, he'd always been the target of abuse for the world, so why was he bursting at the seams over it now? Giving this thought some honest consideration he didn't notice Malfoy glaring at him from the next table over; really it wasn't his fault, the prats newly acquire violet locks cowled most of his face in shadow anyway. With a rather impressive feat of silent magic Draco cast several items into Harry's cauldron while he was talking to his friends, Harry glanced up at the bubbling piece of cookware for a moment before shrugging and moving on. As class wound down Harry took a sample from the cauldron and walked up to Snape's desk placing the wax sealed vial before the glowering Potions Master. "Drink it, Potter," the man rather sardonically stated, Harry scrunched his face up and was about to deliver another rather poignant tirade when the professor continued, "Its a simple 'Pepper-Up' potion Potter, if you failed this you are truly pathetic." Grimacing Harry decided to throw in his obligatory insult regardless of the situation, "Fine whatever you greasy git," garnering an exasperated sigh from Hermione and a snicker from Ron with this statement Harry downed the vial and tossed it on the desk letting the glass shatter, seriously what did he care at this point. As he walked away his stomach began cramping and he fell to his knees, convulsing he felt a sick shiver run down his spine that somewhat reminded him of the effects of polyjuice potion. This was different though, it felt like he was being torn apart at the cellular level and put back together after taking a nice long soak in electrified acid, all told he'd give the pain an 8/10, the basilisk venom hurt just a hair more. As the world spun around him he fell on his back and continued to scream, oddly enough it sounded like his voice was raising in pitch the whole while, eventually the world swirled back into focus and after a time he managed to pull his long raven tresses from his face. Wait...what? His hair was now at least a quarter meter longer then it had been before and as he looked at his hands he realized his fingers had thinned and were a bit longer as well, glancing over his breasts he saw the class staring at him in shocked horror. Wait. His breasts? What? Trying to stand shakily both Ron and Hermione rushed up to him trying to help him regain his balance, "What...what happened?" He asked in far too light of a tone, his friends exchanged a glance then Ron looked at him completely befuddled, "Mate yer umm...yer a girl." Oh, lovely, why not, so with that he was dragged to the hospital wing and was thrown underneath the microscope...wait no, wizards didn't do that science thing, thrown under the wand of Madam Pomfrey. Hermione and Ron never left his side and even poor Neville stood guard while throwing him an occasional horrified stare, more then likely thinking it could have easily been him who fell to Snape's vengeance. "It wasn't the Professor you dullard!" Hermione snapped at Ron, she looked truly frustrated as she kept leafing through her potions book like it would answer all their problems. "Honestly Harry was not paying any attention to what he was brewing, for Merlin's sake he threw in powdered crocalisk gizzards! Those aren't even used in a pepper-up potion!" Harry nodded his..her...ugh...whatever, HER head and agreed with the young woman, "She's right Ron I wasn't doing anything even remotely related to paying attention, sure Snape forced me to drink it but he had no idea what the hell I concocted...I seriously doubt anyone does really." Neville for his part looked a bit indignant, "Now come on Harry...errr...do we still call you Harry? Anyway we all saw Pr-Professor Snape force you to take that potion, he didn't even LOOK at it before he dosed you, that's some serious negligence right there." Hermione worried her lip at that not arguing the point, the Professor had no right to force Harry to take the potion and the end result rather proved that. With a huff the bookworm slammed her tome shut as she looked at her best friend apologetically. "I'm sorry Harry I have nothing to offer, I think you may have accidentally created