Heavily re-edited and reworked 1/20/2017- Contains references of het pairings, femslash, slash, war, peace, and revolution. Don't like it, don't read it. October 31, 1957 Bellatrix Black was a very bored young witch, while the Hallows Eve festivities were usually fun this year they were being held at her Uncle Orion's home at 12 Girmmauld Place. Normally the six year old girl wouldn't mind this but there was a problem with the current situation, namely her Aunt Walburga. Honestly even baby Andromeda couldn't stand the harpy, Bella's blistering intellect tore the woman apart in an instant, she was an insecure untalented hag who was terrified of change so she hid behind blood status to cover up her inadequacies. That, and there was nothing to do in this house that wouldn't automatically try to kill her, six she may be but even she had to wonder how Uncle Orion intended to raise a family in a place with more booby traps then a pharaohs tomb. As the evenings shadows grew longer the grownups drank deeper and before long no one was paying attention to the young, typical for pure-blood get-togethers though and honestly it's what the precocious child was waiting on. Bypassing the irresponsible adults and that creepy house elf Bella began exploring, the library was somewhat interesting before a shelf of tomes on weather magic started hurling lighting bolts and snow balls at her. After that little excursion she wandered into a lavatory where the tub had compulsion charms to drown herself lining its sides. That was creepy even for her Black sense of decorum. Eventually she hit pay dirt and found an elegant and finely crafted doll house complete with several dolls and dresses, no sooner did she open the house's door then she was sucked into it. "Oh dear..." she muttered, her lilac eyes looking upon her new surroundings with trepidation, pouting she mumbled, "Why do adults have to curse everything neat..." which was accompanied with a long suffering sigh. Walking around the enchanted dollhouse Bellatrix tried all the doors and windows finding them to be locked, which was not unexpected. Eventually she grew fed up and pulled out her illegal wand that daddy had given her, Cygnus Black was a pragmatic man and supplied his daughter with the tools to survive in the pure-blood world after all. It always dazzled her when her dotting father would calmly state ' A lady of Black is never without wand or blade, do not ever forget this little Bella. ' Turning her wand towards the front door she shouted out, "Reducto!" Two things happened simultaneously, first the doll house exploded, second Bellatrix found herself thrown across the room crashing into a davenport, thank Merlin it wasn't a glass cabinet. Groggily getting to her feet she grinned while giggling a bit, if nothing else that had been interesting, and blowing things up was always fun if you didn't get caught doing it. Feeling invigorated she left the room with its tiny smoking ruin behind and meandered up into the attic, that's when the creepy crawlies really hit her. While mummy and daddy really didn't keep anything too dark at home this entire floor felt..."Evil...feels...evil," she muttered to herself, glancing back and forth she moved through the dust caked drape shrouded mountains of unimportant refuse. After a time she saw an open oaken chest, its faded stain revealing chipped and cracked planks bound in tarnished bronze studded straps. Standing on her tip toes she looked into the box and saw only darkness. It was odd, it was as if the chest had no bottom whatsoever, but it wasn't like one of daddy's bottomless chests he kept his books in, this was...different. As she leaned in further no one heard her gasp as she fell into the shadowy expanse, and no one heard her scream as the lid slammed shut, as reality unraveled around Bellatrix Black she felt nerve splitting pain and then nothing. No one noticed the raven haired little girl was missing until the next day, and it is sad to say that her parents never found out what happened to their beloved daughter. October 30, 1981 Severus Snape was, in a small amount of words, freaking the hell out. He had delivered the prophecy he'd overheard to the Dark Lord several weeks ago as was expected of him, the problem was he just found out what target had earned his Lord's ire. Lily's son, his Lily. Severus was no fool, the idea of Lily Potter nee Evans standing aside and letting the raging psychopath known as Tom Riddle murder her baby was a pipe dream at best. Lily was Lily and she would fight tooth and nail to protect her child even if it was that Potter gits spawn, the woman was cast from hardened steel and she would not run or back down. It's one of the many reasons Severus loved her, and why she would never love him in return. The young man ran his fingers through his greasy hair and shuddered out a sigh, he knew that nothing could save his childhood friend now. The fact that he was the direct reason for her soon to be murder made him retch his breakfast on the floor, regaining his composure he spat out the bile and quickly rinsed his mouth out in the sink before he began muttering. "Lily's in danger now... I can get to Dumbledore...make a deal with him to save her yes but..." but...he never trusted the old man. Hell, if he were to be honest with himself Dumbledore was one of the reasons Snape perused the Dark Arts so fervently to begin with. Eventually Snape sat up ramrod straight, Dumbledore...yes...yes that might work, quickly pulling out a quill and parchment he hastily scrawled out a letter, sealing it he took a deep breath in preparation. This was it or nothing, letting out the held breath he called out, "Fawkes." Much to his relief Dumbledore's phoenix familiar appeared before him, falling to his knees he looked into the regal birds eyes. He could sense regret, disgust, and sadness from the mystical creatures gaze, and he deserved every bit of it, "Fawkes, I need...I need you to get this letter to Lily please! She needs to know she's in danger, her secret keeper was compromised and the Dark Lord is coming for her tomorrow. You and I both know how much your master loves to play his games! I'll still go to him for help but if he holds off for one of his 'Greater Good' fiascoes she'll die, Harry will die, please...please Fawkes ignore all I've done to save her!" The phoenix for his part actually looked confused, then let out a pleased chirp, suddenly the ancient bird began singing soothing Severus' frayed nerves, eventually as he calmed down Fawkes winked at him and grabbed the letter with his beak and disappeared in a flash of fire. Feeling real hope for the first time in ages Severus Snape, now rogue Death Eater smiled as he made preparations to meet with his manipulative former headmaster. October 31, 1981 The Potters safe house at Godric's Hollow was demolished, this was exceedingly obvious to Sirius Black, stumbling numbly through the shattered front door he found himself looking at the aftermath of a massive battle. There was discarded guns, spent shell casings, and curse scorches all scattered across the once warm and welcoming sitting room, frantically glancing back and forth Sirius gaze fell upon the body of his brother in all but blood. Sobbing he rushed forward and cradled James' bloodied corpse in his trembling arms. His brother's limp hand was still wrapped around a muggle explosive detonator, his dying grin frozen on his face. Obviously he had thought he'd taken that bastard Voldemort out with him. Looking along the room's perimeter he saw evidence of several mine explosions, leave it to Prongs to go out with a literal bang. Placing his best mates still cooling corpse on the ground he made his way up the stairs to Harry's nursery. Nearly tripping he glanced down and saw a severed hand burnt off at the wrist, recognizing the dark runes carved into the palm his lips peeled back into a predators snarl, "Looks like the Potters messed you up after all you black hearted son of a bitch." Now having a bit of real hope he ran up the rest of the stairs to hear a man's sobbing occasionally interrupted with "I'm Sorry's." Stepping through the massive hole in the wall Sirius froze as he saw the one thing he had never expected to encounter, Severus Snape, Death Eater potion master to the Dark Lord Voldemort clutching the dead body of Lily Potter. "I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry! I didn't know! I tried warning you why didn't you run?! I warned you! I warned Dumbledore! Damn you Voldemort, burn in hell you evil bastard...Oh Lily..." Sirius was...in an awkward place at the moment, really, his first impulse when it came to Snape was to hex him, on principle really. But the mans sobbing and tears as he cradled his dead childhood friend were not faked, this was true remorse, so Sirius Black did something he was never good at, he tried to use tact. "Snape...what happened here?" Stopping and looking up at the intruder upon his sorrow the greasy git didn't even react to who he was speaking to, "I warned her, I told her the Dark Lord was coming, I told Dumbledore, he promised to protect her, he made me swear an oath of fealty in order to save her but she's DEAD!" He screamed the last bit which caused the baby in the crib to begin crying, stepping around Snape who went back to sobbing incoherently into Lily's shoulder Sirius looked down into the crib. Harry looked...different...his features were more feminine which was just damn weird, noticing a bleeding cut on his godsons forehead he leaned into the crib when he felt his hand crinkle on a piece of paper, pulling up an envelope he squinted to read it in the dim light. "Sev and Padfoot, grab our child and head to safety, then read this letter, Lils and Prongs" Snape stopped mumbling as he glanced up with tear stained eyes, gently laying Lily's body to the ground he stood and looked at the envelope seeing that it was written by Lily's hand. He looked very pensive for a moment before nodding, Sirius scooped up Harry and then grabbed Lily's wand, the two men then went back down the stairs and he repeated the process with James. As the pair crossed the outer boundary of the hous's wards the entire building exploded in a fireball, wincing at the display of heat and sound the baby cradled in his arms began crying as both men covered their eyes from the sudden glare. Glancing at Severus Sirius couldn't help but quipping, " That was all Lils." Smirking slightly Snape nodded, "She always wanted to go out in a blaze of glory, here hold onto my arm I have a safe house prepared, lets...lets find out what her last wishes were." The brief levity now gone Sirius nodded and endured the lovely bit of transportation known as apparation, Merlin did he hate it, as they appeared in a rather cheap hotel room Snape snapped into motion. Taking Harry from his arms he placed him in a prepared cradle and cast a few heating charms on a bottle, giving it to the child he turned around and locked gazes with Sirius who eventually just sighed. "You and I are never going to be friends, but it's obvious a mutual friend trusted us both, shall we find out exactly what she had to say?" Nodding Snape sat on one of the two beds in the room and motioned for Sirius to follow, plopping down in a rather undignified manner he cracked the