I've been away, Searching for a reason Another purpose to find I've sailed the seas Fought m many demons I've looked to gods in the skies I've stood in hell Where many had to suffer I stared the devil in the eyes Walked many roads To witness ancient idols And found the great gates of fire Live again All roads end I'll be coming home Tend your light ' Cause on this night I'll be coming home (Avenged Sevenfold- Coming Home) Remus: "Never thought I'd see this place again. It feels just so weird to be back here." Sirius stared at the big black door in front of him, clearly hesitating to open it, biting down onto his lower lip. "You all right there, mate?" I stepped closer to him and put a reassuring hand onto his shoulder. He started and cast a quick look at me, giving me a brief yet clearly forced smile. "Yes, of course. Well, let's have a look if it's still as awful as I remember, shall we?" With a sigh, he pushed the door open… a little harder than he had probably meant and it bumped into something with a resounding crash. Sirius' curse was immediately swallowed in a sound that bore a striking resemblance with the scream of a banshee. Mirroring Sirius, my hands shot up to cover my ears and I grimaced as I recognized the voice. "BLOOD TRAITORS, FILTH, HALFBREEDS, DARING TO STEP FOOT INTO THE HOUSE OF MY FATHERS!" Sirius turned his head to look at me and gave me sarcastic smile. "Home sweet home. Good to be back." His look turned bitter as he turned back around and started to look for the source of the commotion. "What on earth is that?" I followed him, closing the door behind us and righting the clothes rack it had bumped into. "Thought you'd recognize my dear Mum's voice, even after all those years, Remus. I always considered her a hard one to forget, myself." Sirius voice dripped with bitterness and sarcasm. "Oh, trust me, I remember her voice just fine. But as far as I remember, she died quite a while ago, didn't she? Must be a portrait or something, I guess." My best friend simply nodded and prowled down the hall, following the sound of the screeched insults uttered in his mother's voice. Oh yes, I remembered Mrs Black just fine. The rest of the family as well. Casting a dark look at the lovely severed elf heads and other abominable sights next to the stairs, I followed Sirius, wincing at the continued onslaught of atrocities yelled at us. It had been quite some time since I had been here, the last time probably around the age of fifteen. I could still remember the horror at the sights this house provided and the people who lived in it. "Hah, there you are. Well, why don't you shut up now, you miserable old hag?" Sirius stood a little further down the hall staring into an alcove with his hands on his hips. The voice grew even more menacing. "You! What are doing here? Last I heard, you were on the run from the Dementors. What do you think you're doing here, disgracing the house your ancestors lived in, you filthy little creature?" Sirius uttered a hard laugh. "Funny you should be the one to call me a filthy creature. Guess it is little hard for you to look into a mirror nowadays, isn't it." When I stepped next to him, my eyes fell onto a portrait of an old woman I recognized immediately as Mrs Black. Her eyes shifted from Sirius to me and, I hadn't thought it possible, narrowed even more. "As if it isn't enough that this piece of filth is standing here in my house, he's brought the werewolf as well." The werewolf remark stung of course, but it was not as if I hadn't heard it before. "Good to see you, too, Mrs Black." Her lips pulled into snarl. "Shut your mouth and get out of my house, you abomination." "Don't you dare call him that!" Sirius cut her off angrily, his eyes flashing dangerously and his hands shaking. I held up a hand to tell him to back off and turned around to his mother's portrait again. "As far as I can tell, this is not your house anymore. You're dead, are you not? So, technically, it's Sirius' house now. He is the only Black left." "This is not his house! It never will be. He is a disgrace to the House of Black, associating with werewolf and mudbloods and bloodtraitors…" "Yes, yes, yes but nevertheless, I think it's time for you to shut up, now." I gave her another pleasant smile and before she could start another rant, I pointed my wand at her, put a sleeping spell on her and pulled the curtains in front of her closed with a snap. "Pleasant woman, isn't she." Sirius cast the curtains a dark look before turning around and letting his gaze roam the place, grimacing at what he saw. I certainly agreed with him. Number Twelve, Grimmauld Place looked much as I remembered it from my visits back when we were kids, but it was much messier now and looked even darker and shadier if possible. The whole entrance hall seemed to be dark and gloomy and filled with cobwebs. " I think it's time for a little light, don't you think?" I tried to keep my voice as pleasant and calm as possible, especially since I could practically see Sirius' mood plummeting by the increasingly disgruntled look on his face. He gave me a curt nod and grimaced in disgust when the blast of light from my wand filled the hall with light. "God, this place has gone to the dogs. Where on earth is that wretched house elf, has he died as well?" I followed him as he made his way through the house, grunting at the level of mess surrounding us. When we reached the kitchen, which was best summed up by the word filthy, he turned around, met my eyes and gave a short bark of laughter. "Well, now at least, this place fits the name and hearts of the family who has lived here all these years. More than ever." Shaking my head with a short snort of laughter, I let my eyes roam the room in front of me. It was a strange feeling to see it again now after all these years. It seemed like forever ago that we had spent Christmas dinner at the Blacks. Not a particularly happy memory that was. Grimmauld Place had definitely never been the proper place for a cosy Christmas dinner with its grimy decorations and general air of gloominess. Usually, all of us had been spending Christmas at James' place but that particular year, the Blacks had insisted on throwing a Christmas bash, inviting a number of selected pure blood wizard families, including the Potters. Sirius himself had been ordered to be present for that occasion, putting him in an exceptionally bad mood, which even the fact that his friends had been attending the party as well, hadn't been able to change. He had spent most of the night scowling at everything and everyone, his expression of disdain only changing when it turned to loathing whenever one of his cousins or his parents approached him. "Earth to Remus, you still with me?" I shook myself out of my thoughts and glanced at my friend, who was standing by the door and watching me curiously. "Sorry, got a little lost down Memory Lane." Sirius grunted. "Hard not to, isn't it." With a sigh, I stepped closer to him. "I know this isn't easy for you. Coming back here, I mean. But this house is now yours. And what's more- it's Headquarters to the Order of the Phoenix now. So… let's stop thinking about things we can't change and rather focus on getting all this filth out of here, what do you think? Maybe we'll be able to make this place a little more… habitable." Sirius gave me a short grin. " Yeah, sure. Shouldn't take us too long now. Maybe about three or four years." The both of us laughed at that when a scuffling sound behind us made us whirl around with our wands at the ready. "Who dares disturb my mistress' rest? Who are you and what is your business here?" I lowered my wand at the sight of the tattered old house elf standing before us, glaring at us with suspicion in his eyes… even though I thought to have detected a trace of curiosity as well for a moment. "I do." Sirius stepped forward behind me, pocketing his wand. "So you are alive, Kreacher. I had wondered, seeing the state this house is in." Kreacher's eyes focused on Sirius and grew wide at the sight of him. "Sirius Black. Can this truly be… the young master has returned?" Sirius pushed a hand into the untidy curls floating around his still very much haggard face. "Good, you still recognize me. Take a good look at this face, because from now on I will not only be the 'young master' but your only master. I am the last of the Black and I have returned. So I guess that means you'll be serving me from now on." Kreacher continued to stare at him for a moment without giving a reply. Sirius raised one eyebrow. "Did you hear what I just said? Or have you turned temporarily deaf?" Kreacher uttered a short grunt. "Kreacher heard every word master said. Kreacher only wonders how master happens to be back. The last Kreacher heard master was locked up in Azkaban." "Oh yes, of course. Of course, you know nothing at all about my escape from Azkaban. My dear mother just happens to have acquired clairvoyant skills now, is that the way of it?" "Kreacher doesn't know what master is talking about. Kreacher has not left this house for decades." At that, Sirius crouched down, staring the elf hard into the eye. "Listen, Kreacher. I have never been very fond of you, you have always been a foul little creature and I know these feelings are very much reciprocated. But I am the last Black, rightful heir to this house, therefore you will serve me now. Meaning you will not lie to me nor continue to have your little chats with my beloved mother. And neither will you mention my whereabouts or any other information about me or my companion to literally anyone. Are we clear on that?" Kreacher gave Sirius a curt little nod, accompanied by a look filled with pure loathing. When Sirius got up again and turned around to face Remus, Kreacher departed through the kitchen door, the sound of his low muttering still reaching them. "Master thinks he can just barge in here and have Kreacher lick his shoes. Master is an ungrateful little swine, a blood traitor, he is. Consorting with werewolves, Mudbloods, blood traitors. Master broke his mother's heart, he did." Sirius barked a short laugh. "My mother had no heart, Kreacher. And if she should indeed have had one, it was made out of stone or iron, so basically impossible to break. And just a little heads up, my ears work just fine, I can hear you." Kreacher did not deign to reply. "So, you're going to stay here?" Sirius nodded and started to have look in all the cabinets surrounding him. "Yes, I think so. Better than a cave, isn't it? Not by far perhaps, but at least I don't have to live like an animal in here. Besides, Dumbledore wants me to stay here." He turned around and gave me a quick look. "What about you, Remus? We haven't really had a chance to talk about everything happening after you quit your job at Hogwarts." I