Hello everyone and welcome to the first chapter of my fanfiction about the lovely Marauders. Since J. K. Rowling still refuses to write a book about them, I have just decided to add fanfiction to the ones that are already around. This one will deal with the Marauder's first year at Hogwarts. I hope you'll like it. This is my very first fanfiction, by the way, so please go easy on me. And English is not my native language, so if I have made some stupid mistakes, I'm sorry! Enough talk now. Have fun reading it! :) Chapter One- The Train Ride Sirius Black: "Do tell, Kreacher. What's it like to cater to somebody else's will all day long? Kreacher, do this; Kreacher, do that; sounds just lovely to me." Turning around and walking backwards so I could smirk at the small house elf in front of me, my grin grew even broader at the disgruntled expression on his face. "Master ought to watch where he is walking or he will hurt himself." Kreacher's grumble was barely audible over the noise of the crowd around us. I simply shrugged, swinging my arms carelessly. "Do I look like I care, Kreacher? I'm young, wild, free…, and proud of it. Whereas you are old and uptight. Plus, you're a grouch. So, what does it feel like, Kreacher? What is it like?" Clearly annoyed, the elf glared up at me. "What is what like? What is young master talking about?" "Being you. What's it like to have to spend all your life chained to some family, catering to their every whim and letting them boss you around? Especially if the family concerned is as deranged as mine. Haven't you ever craved to break free, Kreacher? To turn your back on them and walk away?" Kreacher didn't even look at me, grumbling something that did not sound very pleasant under his breath. Bending forward a little and cupping a hand around my ear, I raised an eyebrow. "Sorry, I didn't catch that." Kreacher gave me a look filled with something very akin to loathing as he shuffled past the people surrounding us. "Young master should not waste his breath on asking foolish questions or he will miss his train." I rolled my eyes, sweeping my hair, which tumbled around my face, back with my hand. "Oh, relax, Kreacher. We still have plenty of time. Quite eager to get rid of me, are you? I wonder why." Kreacher's only reply was an annoyed grunt; keeping his eyes firmly locked on his feet. "You didn't answer my question, Kreacher. What's it like, serving a family of slimy toe rags?" This time he did look up, the look he gave me even darker than before. "Young master should not talk about his family like that. They are just and honourable and wise." A derisive snort escaped me. "Are we talking about the same family, here? Because the people I'm thinking of are cruel, unjust and plain mad." And that was still putting it nicely. I could think of quite a few other choice words to call them, but I didn't think Kreacher or any of the people surrounding me would much appreciate that. This time, Kreacher actually stopped to glare at me ferociously. "Now, you listen…" I didn't hear him finish what was bound to be a most tantalizing speech in defence of the Noble House of Black because at that precise moment, I felt myself hitting something solid with my back. That, and the startled squeak behind me, caused me to whirl around, coming face to face with a boy my age, who was staring at me with big, startled eyes. My eyes travelled from the expression on his face to the pile of scattered books lying at his feet. "That's what you get for carrying a whole library around in your hands." I bent down quickly and started to pick up the books when I heard the other boy huff indignantly. "Well, not everyone has their own house elf to carry their stuff for them. Besides, real smart to be walking backwards at a train station filled with people." Library Boy: One, Sirius: Zero. I couldn't help the grin that spread across my face at that reply. I got up again and handed him a couple of the books. "Fair enough. How about it, while my house elf," at that I cast a dark look at Kreacher who glowered right back at me, "will be carrying my things into a free compartment, I'll help you carry your stuff." The boy appeared to be quite taken aback at my offer, staring at me for a moment with his mouth slightly open, before finally shrugging nonchalantly. "All right, then. Thank you." I might just like this kid. "I'm Sirius, by the way. Sirius Black." I stretched my free hand out towards the boy, giving him a bright friendly smile. "And before you ask, yes, my name matches the colour of my heart." At that, the boy's lips twitched slightly before finally pulling into a light smile. "Sounds fitting. I'm Remus Lupin." We gripped each other's arms and followed Kreacher, who had abandoned his sullen silence in favour of dark, barely audible muttering. Only snippets reached our ears, but they were more than enough to make me role my eyes and smirk. "Pleasant, isn't he. And before you ask, yes, he's always that way. Don't think I've ever seen him smile, actually… let alone laugh." "…insolent… will tell Mistress… disgrace… clumsy dolt…" Turning my head to Remus and giving him an innocent wide-eyed look, I muttered in a mock whisper: "I reckon he doesn't like me very much." Remus snorted in reply, his lips twitching dangerously again. "I reckon you might be right about that." Ignoring the chaos surrounding us with all the kids milling about and their parents fussing over them, I pushed my way through the crowd, following Kreacher. Huffing a relieved sigh as we stepped onto the train and found an empty compartment, I dropped the books unceremoniously onto a seat and flopped down next to them. "Well, Remus Lupin. As we already know one another, we might as well share a compartment. What do you say?" Remus stacked his books carefully and deposited them with the rest of his luggage. "Sounds good to me." Turning around, he glanced at me and raised an eyebrow at seeing me sprawled over two seats, getting comfortable already. "Don't you want to say goodbye?" I raised my eyebrows questioningly in reply, my lips pulling into a sardonic little smirk. "To who? To Kreacher? But he's right over there… speaking of… oi, Kreacher!" The elf, who had busied himself with stowing my luggage away, turned around and gave me a glare. I gave him my sweetest, most charming smile." Thank you. Now get out." After another moment of flat-out glaring at me, Kreacher finally bowed his head. "As young master wishes. Does young master wish Kreacher to deliver any messages to his family?" His eyes narrowed into slits at my derisive snort. "Hm… let me think… How about… Go to hell? But I'm afraid you won't consider this an adequate message, will you? No? Then do get out now, I've seen quite enough of you today." Without a backwards glance at me, Kreacher turned around and stalked away, muttering something under his breath that sounded suspiciously like "ungrateful little swine". "I can hear you, Kreacher! You have a nice rest of the day as well." When the elf didn't deign to reply, I turned my eyes to Remus, who looked like he was having quite a hard time suppressing a grin. "The two of you seem to get along really well." I smiled at his sarcasm and propped my feet up on the chair opposite me. "Nah, that's all just for show. Trust me, deep down, Kreacher is my biggest fan." "Yeah, right." Remus seemed to have intended to add something but a soft knock on the door interrupted him. "Remus, dear, I'm so sorry we got caught up. It's only that we haven't seen everyone in quite a while and got a little carried away." A woman with the exact same light brown hair as Remus was standing at the compartment door, smiling at him lovingly. Next to her appeared a man, who was heaving a suitcase into the compartment, while Remus, whose face had broken into a wide smile at the sight of them, stepped towards his mother. "It's quite alright. Sirius here helped me carry my books." Both of his parents' eyes came to rest on me and they gave me a nod and a smile. They obviously intended to introduce themselves, when the shrill sound of a whistle cut through the air. "Oh my goodness, it's time already! Remus, my dear, promise me to take care, all right. And write us, every chance you get." Remus' mum pulled him into a tight hug and despite my overall great mood, I could feel my throat constricting a little at the sight and chose to stare out of the window instead while Remus and his parents said their hurried goodbyes. Only moments after the Lupins had disappeared, the train started moving. So this was it. I was finally on my way to Hogwarts. My lips immediately curved into a smile at the thought. I had been waiting for this particular moment for so long. Finally, I would be away from my family… even if I had to return for the holidays, of course, but it was ages until they started. How long did Narcissa say the train ride to Hogwarts took again? Oh, never mind. I could hardly wait, a feeling of exquisite excitement flooding me. Feeling as if I might just burst if I didn't took my mind of the time it would take to actually get there; I turned to Remus, my knees jiggling impatiently. "So, any guesses as to what house you'll be in?" Remus, who settled himself down into one of the seats opposite me, had just been glancing out of the window with a wistful expression as well, probably trying to catch a last sight of his parents. Must be nice to be so close to your family. I wouldn't know. "I don't actually. Guess I would be ok with pretty much everything." I grimaced. "Even Slytherin?" Not waiting for a reply, I rambled on. "If I could choose a house, it would certainly be Gryffindor. Those where dwell the brave at heart, does have a nice ring to it, doesn't it? But the chances of actually getting into Gryffindor are slim to none. It's unlikely that I will end up anywhere else than Slytherin, every single member of my wretched family has been there. So I guess the odds are against me here. Never mind, I'm just so glad to finally be away from the whole lot of them. So glad, that I'm finally on my way to Hogwarts." I practically bounced in my seat. Remus' eyebrows had wandered upwards during my little rant. "Do you always talk so much?" His voice sounded amused, though. Grinning, I shrugged. "I guess. I'm just very excited, this makes things even worse, I guess." Remus nodded and answered simply. "Me, too." A knock on the door made the two of us look up at the two boys standing at the door, one of them seemingly hiding slightly behind the other. "Excuse, but everywhere else is full. Can we come sit with you?" I gave the two of them a wide grin and gestured at the four empty seats remaining. "Of course, come on in." As soon as they had settled into their seats, I held my hand out for the one who had spoken to shake. "I'm Sirius, by the way." The other boy's lips started to twitch slightly and gripping my arm, he pulled up an eyebrow, his eyes glinting with mischief. "Seriously?"