Jasper's face contorted into a painfully pinched expression. He was furiously stuffing Edward's clothes into the large a-frame backpack. His mind wasn't all there as he hurried around, reflecting on the events of the past weeks. ~ Jasper was going at least 20 miles over the suggested speed limit as he leaned forward on his silver Ducati, dodging through traffic. He seemed very concentrated on the road as he moved his hands a little bit, giving him more gas. He had just gotten a call at work, a quivering voice on the other end explaining what Edward had done to himself. Explaining that his best friend, almost brother, Emmett had found Edward in his bath tub. Sleeping pills gone and wrists slashed. Jasper had to keep himself from crying to risk not being able to see where he was going. He would never be able to get Emmett's voice out of his head. The male's usual boisterous self was reduced to a quivering choked sob as he spoke to Jasper. Jasper, despite being the youngest of the group, was the rock. He was emotionally stable and always knew what to say. He had told Emmett to stay put and hopped on his motorcycle and sped off. He came to an abrupt halt as he stopped behind an ambulance parked in the way of the emergency room. He didn't have time for this. He slid off his bike and tossed down his helmet and ran as fast as his legs could take him, inside and past the staff yelling at him for a hospital pass. Up the stairs and to the room he knew to be where Edward and Emmett resided. He froze in his tracks when he saw Emmett hunched over in a small floral hospital chair and Edward pale, laying in the hospital bed next to him. If it had been another circumstance Jasper might have found it funny, seeing the hulking man Emmett, trying to fit in the petite pastel hospital chair. It truthfully looked more fit for an elder woman knitting than a 6'5" 200 and something pound football star. Jasper's eyes drifted down to the almost destroyed piece of paper in Emmett's hands. He gingerly took it from his rough fingers and peered down at it. He easily made out Edward's beautiful cursive and read each word slowly, not wanting to mistake anything in the note. Jasper took a shaky breath as he read how Edward didn't want to stay alive anymore and how sorry he was to his two best friends, Emmett and Jasper. Jasper wasn't an idiot. He knew there was more than just surrender in this letter. He had known for a while Edward was starting to fall into depression but he had been so caught up with school and work, he assumed he would be fine till summer. After the crash in senior year of high school Edward had been crippled in both legs and deemed to never walk or leave his wheelchair. Every dream and ambition went out the window for Edward and the only thing holding him up was his two best friends. It had been over a year and both Jasper and Emmett thought Edward could start to hold himself up some but they had been gravely wrong and their friend had almost lost his life for their assumption.~ Jasper finished packing and closed his eyes and took a deep breath. They were actually going to do this, going to hike the Pacific Crest Trail from Oregon and up through Washington. It had been Edward's goal before the crash and afterwards he deemed it never possible. But after trying to kill himself Jasper knew a huge change was needed and Emmett agreed. They would make all his dreams and goals happen. Now that Jasper had packed the a-frame backpack full he double checked it for things they were missing. Once satisfied with his work he strapped a foldable wheelchair to the pack, making sure it was secure. Emmett who was only a couple inches larger than Jasper but much more strong, decided he would carry Edward. It was the only way for them to actually be able to go through with this. Through out the past week of getting everything ready Edward had been compliant and silent. His eyes silently glazed over and a look on his face that made Emmett's chest clench anytime they were together. Jasper gave a firm grunt as he hoisted the large backpack onto his back and wobbled some. It was heavy even for him and he wasn't a small man. He made sure everything was secure then walked outside and tossed it into the back of Emmett's wrangler styled jeep. He looked back at the small house that Edward's parents had left him when they died and then he looked up, watching as the clouds move around. It was over cast but not going to rain, not too hot to walk 30 miles a day on terrain none of them had trained for. He looked at the door as Emmett came out, cradling the bronze haired male in his arms like a precious gift. "Everything packed?" Emmett inquired and Jasper gave a curt nod. "Even brought some money just incase." Jasper said with a wave of his hand as he helped Emmett get Edward in the car. Edward watched both of them fumble with the seatbelt before pushing their hands away. "I'm not a complete involit." He stated, his voice soft and eyes down cast as he buckled himself up. Emmett gave a nod and hopped in the front seat and turned the key in the ignition. The car roared to life and Jasper slid in the back with Edward, looking at his friend. Edward watched as they drove away from his house, his terrible life and his best friends lives. Guilt was very present in his gut as he watched the passing landscape. Emmett had taken a temporary leave from school as well as Jasper. But Jasper had completely quite his job, knowing he couldn't leave for a few months and come back expecting it to be waiting for him. Edward loved his two best friends but what they were attempting was too much. How was some grueling hike going to give back the happiness that was taken from him when his ability to walk was? Edward's eyelids sagged and the world went dark as he fell asleep to the soft hum of rubber on pavement. When Edward awoke he realized they were parked on what looked like a gravel logging road. He glanced up and saw a large wooden sign marking the PCT. Emmett was already out of the car and strapping the a-frame to Jaspers back. Edward heard the deep concern in Emmett's voice as he spoke to Jasper. "This seems way to heavy, man…Are you sure you can do it? With minimal damage I mean." Emmett said with a skeptical eyebrow raise, not wanting the honey blonde male to be a martyr and trek into the woods only to be injured by the heavy pack. Jasper's lips curled into a sly smirk as he shifted under the new found weight. "I'll be fine Emmett. Just because I'm one third your body weight doesn't mean I can't hold my own. And your own and Edward's own." Jasper stated and Emmett crinkled up his nose at the soft teasing tone in Jasper's voice. "You calling me fat?" He asked with a grunt that showed he cared more than he wanted to let on. "Just a little over weight." Jasper stated flippantly as he walked passed him and to Edward's door. Emmett looked down at his Adonis like body and pinched the skin around his stomach area. "Liar. I'm hot as fuck." He stated and nodded to himself, deciding it was true. The only response Jasper gave was a light snort. Emmett walked over to Edward's door and smiled lightly at Edward as he turned around and Jasper tugged the other male so it seemed like Emmett was giving him a piggy back ride. Edward wrapped his arms around Emmett's massive shoulders and watched Jasper as he fashioned a sort of suspension system of straps to Edward and Emmett to make it easier on the both of them. Jasper looked at the two. "Comfy?" He asked Emmett and the man nodded. "Snug at two bugs in a rug." Emmett said and gave his infamous grin, the one that got the crown cheering and the girls wet. Jasper gave a nod and jerked his hand towards the trail. "Let's go." He said and both him and Emmett started up the trail without a single glance back. Edward just uttered a silent prayer that nobody died on this trip and they would get back safe. He looked at his two friends as they chattered lightly, then he looked at their surroundings. There had been a reason he had wanted to hike this trail after high school. The beauty was over whelming, it made him feel like he was in a fantasy story, like he should see fairies and werewolves bounding around him. Like he was free. Like he could walk. But alas he could not and this whole trip was futile to Edward. At the end he would still end up at home, alone and depending on his best friends, seeping their energy and happiness away. To Edward, everyone would be better off if he was dead. After a day of walking the trio stopped in a small clearing a couple yards off the main trail. Jasper calculated they had walked about thirty miles today which was a good start. Jasper dumped the over sized a-frame off his back and rolled his shoulders, hearing light popping from his stiff muscles but nothing too serious. Emmett grabbed Edward's wheelchair off the back of the pack and flipped it open easily. He crouched down some and loosened the straps around his body. Edward fell back into his chair with a grunt. Emmett stood to his full height of 6'5" and reached towards the sky in a stretch then leaned over and dangled his arms. "You good?" He asked Jasper who had a displeasant look on his face. Jasper gave a light nod as he used one of his hands to press into a bundle of nerves knotted up in his back. The honey blonde male grunted softly and glanced up as Emmett padded over and turned Jasper around and pressed him against the nearest tree. He pressed two fingers into the knot in his back and messaged him, softly at first then rougher. Jasper grumbled at first then groaned in relief as Emmett worked the twisted nerves and muscles out. "So lucky…you're a masseur." Jasper hissed in pain as he felt his muscles slowly relaxing into Emmett's firm touches. Edward watched his two friends in silence then something bubble up in his stomach, something he hadn't felt in a long time, laughter. He let out a testing snort first then started to full on chuckle, covering his mouth with a hand. Emmett and Jasper both glanced back with surprised eyes. "What's wrong?" Emmett asked, thinking maybe it was a reaction from his depression or pain. Jasper was silent then gave a light smile. "He's happy, Em." He murmured to the large man who still had his hands on Jasper's back. Edward shook his head as he erupted into a fit of giggles. "At what?" Emmett asked, still looking rather confused. Jasper looked at Edward expectantly who shook his head as he laughed. "You two…look…real close." He laughed and wiped a few stray tears from his cheeks. Emmett glanced in the position he was in, Jasper was bent over bracing the tree as Emmett was pressed into his backside , rubbing his back and making Jasper groan happily. Jaspers eyes widened and he pulled back from the tree and out of Emmett's reach. "Oh." Was all he