A/N : Caution mentions of abuse from the first word, trigger warnings. The whole story will deal with mentions of child abuse, drug abuse. Read at your own risk, there will be other warnings through out the chapters to let those knows what to avoid. Disclaimer: I do not own any recognisable characters and no money has been made from this. Full summary: Completely AU set in another world where there was no rise of Voldemort no wizarding wars have taken place. Set during the Sixth year just when Hermione thought her DADA Professor Bellatrix Black was the only thing to worry about the announcement of Riddle Championships brings heart ache for all. The Championships will force everyone to test themselves to the extreme after all the Championships are the closest thing to war in the wizarding world. Hermione will discover there is much more to learn while having to deal with her inner demons she finds herself face to face with living demons. With fame and glory as the prize the true colours of all will be revealed. If that's not enough, the Ministry of Magic seems to be going through some changes could a Muggleborn winning truly cause a revolution? The Order of the Phoenix seems to think so. Remember this is A/U I won't be giving much away just have to go with it. Things will be explained with time, but there was no first or second wizarding war or any rise of Lord Voldemort. The Potter's are still alive unfortunately Neville's Longbottoms parents were still tortured just not by Bellatrix. This story is not related to any of my other stories. Story is currently being re-edited. Thank you to Nyctophileo for patience and being my beta. Enjoy... Chapter One "A witch!" He hisses; his breath smells like rum and the young girl recoils back into the armchair, staring at him with wide eyes. "A filthy, no good witch…" "Dad," The girl opens her mouth to protest, but a sharp slap to the cheek knocks her to the floor. Tears spring from her eyes. "You disgust me. You and your god damn race!" "Please!" She whispers, curling into a ball. She knows what is coming . Brown eyes snap open at the sound of someone shifting in the dorm. She listens, unmoving, as the person moves around, waits until she hears the spring of the mattress before she relaxes. Glancing at the window, she sees the light blue sky and knows she will forever be twisting and turning in her bed with no sleep. Slipping from her bed, her feet touch the cold wooden floor. She ignores the biting chill and silently dresses. She learned a long time ago how to move without making a sound. Only the door shutting softly behind her makes the slightest hint of a click as she closes it with a practised hand. As she makes her way down the winding staircase, she hears snoring wafting from the boys' dorms. Her cloak grazes the last step as she walks into the warm common room. She notices the regular figure sitting next to the fire, zoned out and staring at it, as though it holds answers to life's unknowable questions. Maybe for him it does. She presses a reassuring hand to the boy's shoulder; he tenses in alarm before relaxing as she gives him a calming smile. "You okay, Neville?" She asks, her voice strangely gruff. "Dreams." He murmurs. She knows he meant memories but does not press the matter. "You're up early, 'Mione." "Dreams." She answers with a smile. "You off to see Hagrid?" He asks, turning to look at her. "Yes. He says he wants help with something or another. You know what Hagrid's like." She says, pulling her hair into a ponytail. "He's going to hire you as his assistant at this rate." "I'm sure Hagrid can cope without me. He just likes having someone to talk to. I'm going to be late, anyway. Try to get some rest, Neville." She says, squeezing his shoulder on her way out. She takes the steps two at a time, barely making any sound as she heads for the exit. She hopes Filch will leave her be if he sees her. She does not fancy being taken to the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor on this dreary morning. Luck is on her side as she slides out the front door and humidity greets her. Making her way down towards Hagrid's hut, she listens as the forest begins to stir. She can see Hagrid moving outside of the hut, knows he is feeding Fang as the giant dog sits patiently, wagging his massive tail. "Morning, Hagrid." She calls, taking the last few steps towards the groundskeeper. "Yer here early, Hermione. Not expectin' ya for another hour or so." Hagrid greets, sending her a smile. "Couldn't sleep. Plus, I've got another essay to finish." "Black keepin' ya busy?" "She's always got something for me to do. I don't think she likes me handing in my work early." "I don't like that woman… She always lurking, don't trust her. She shouldn't be puttin' too much pressure on ya any way." Hermione shrugs; she knows Hagrid is just watching over her. She gives him a small smile, noticing a pile of rotting wood. While Hagrid finishes feeding Fang, she casts a small restoration charm, turning the wood from rotting to pristine in an instant. Hagrid's wand wasn't the best for casting spells. "What are you up to today?" Hermione asks, taking Hagrid's mind off the evil Professor residing in the castle behind her. "The twins 'ave been up to somethin' again. Dumbledore asked if I could 'ave a look." "Where?" "By the lake, ye joinin' me this mornin'?" "Love to. Meet you there?" Hermione questions, stretching her muscles. "O'course." He replies watching Hermione jog away. "Don't work too hard, ya hear!" He calls after her, receiving a small wave in response. Her feet pound the sand near the lake, blood pumping. She feels adrenaline rush through her body, enjoys the wind beating against her. Her hair is tied tightly, swishing softly behind her. Her trainers catch the edge of the lapping water, causing it to splash against the side of her leg. She watches Hagrid in the distance, thinking it highly unlikely the gentle giant will find what the Weasley boys have hidden. She knows from experience that the only way of finding the hidden prank is after it has gone off. She pauses, taking a swig of water, before accelerating her body once more into a run. She feels the muscles in her legs constrict as she pushes herself. Not many know she spends her mornings running. The magical world does not seem to truly understand the importance of keeping fit. She can see their confusion, as though running was below them, another inexplicable Muggle activity with no place in the Wizarding world. Despite this, Hermione regularly keeps a healthy routine. She knows the importance of keeping her body in top form. If you cannot beat your opponent, retreat is the only option. Without a wand, a witch or wizard is powerless. Just keep running. "Are you being chased?" The haughty voice startles her, causing her to lose her footing and stumble to one knee, catching the other on a small rock. Just her luck. Wincing at the scratch to her exposed knee, Hermione looks to the arrogant witch standing a few feet away. A cruel smile plays on the witch's face, distorting the beautiful features into something much more menacing. Long, thick, black curls cascade heavily down her shoulders. Black eyes bore into Hermione through long eyelashes. Getting to her feet, Hermione stares defiantly at the tall witch, before brushing the sand from her knees. "Professor Black." Hermione greets, as pleasantly as she can. Quirking a perfect brow, Professor Black's eyes flash a frightening hue before returning to their normal colour. Hermione ignores her initial reaction to step back. She has never seen eye to eye with this Professor. She knew the witch still believed in blood superiority, despite teaching at Hogwarts and working under Dumbledore. She never actually pronounced it, but her actions painted a thousand words. She ignored pureblood students' infractions, but if a muggle born so much as breathed wrong under her watchful eye, she was there with a detention. Prejudice. It was unfortunate for Hermione to be both the brightest witch of her age and a muggle born. She often came nearly to blows with Black, and she knew the witch hated her with a passion. Except, Hermione never put a foot wrong, so the Professor could never give her detention, instead she made her do extra work. Hermione should have known the dark witch was not intentionally being nice when she offered her the opportunity to have an extra curriculum in her class. It was both a privilege and a curse to have the extra workload. It put more pressure on her, but she would never admit defeat to the dark witch. She rose to the challenge and, as expected, completed all her homework on time. If the dark witch knew all the hours, all the many days, that Hermione worked into the early morning, yawning into her textbooks, she would feel as though she was winning, so Hermione kept the crippling workload a closely guarded secret. "Granger, what are you doing?" Black tongue rolls her name as though it is a foul taste in her mouth, but Hermione had learned long ago to ignore the insult. Stretching to keep her muscles warm, Hermione replies. "Exercising. It helps to keep brain function sharp. It's also very beneficial for stretching the muscles in your body. Also proven to significantly lower your chances of heart failure, dementia, diabetes, etc." Black raises her hand, stopping the witch from continuing. "You're just a walking encyclopaedia, aren't you?" "Only on important things." "Why are you 'exercising' so early, Granger?" Black questions wearily. "Make it a short answer; I have yet to have my coffee." "My routine." Hermione replies with a slight smirk. "Why you here, Professor?" Sending Hermione a glare at the impertinence of the question, Black still answers. "Weasel twins are apparently planning a surprise. I'm here to help that oaf." She points to Hagrid in the distance. "On my way there when I noticed one of my students running…willingly, as well." "I like running." Hermione shrugs at the look from her Professor. "Yes…" Black drawls, wondering if she should send the girl to see Pomfrey. "Where's the boy who doesn't know when to quit and the ginger brat who got the leftovers of the gene pool?" "Should you really be saying this in front of me?" Hermione muses, not sure if she should laugh at the insult to her friends or be offended. "Are you going to tell Potter and Weasel on me? Last time I remember, Weasel wet his pants last time he was given to me for detention." "Because of a spell." Hermione argues. A slight twist of the lips is the only indication that Black is relieving the memory. "Yes, and yet, if I remember correctly, you were the one who cast it, were you not?" Turning pink at the reminder, Hermione eyes dart away from the witch. "So you say." Snorting at the childish reply, Black unfolds her arms and takes a step forward. "So tell me, why is the know it all of the trio out running… without her bumbling, idiot friends with her?" "Pretty sure that's bullying…" Hermione murmurs to herself. "Kind of self-explanatory." "Explain it to me." Black orders, her voice like steel. "Well they're…" Hermione tries to find the right term to explain and notices the professor's tapping foot, hurrying her along. "Well they're wizards…" "That's not a reason, Granger." "Actually it's quite a fitting one. See, if you're born into the wizarding world, you rely solely on magic. You forget the importance of