A/n: Here it is the sequel to fractures, I think i was ambitious to promise 12 hours, but I forgot i had to sleep. So here it is, 24 hours later which is a lot more manageable. Disclaimer: I do not own any recognisable characters and no money has been made from this. Warning: Sexual content and swearing, read responsibly. Story Summary: It's that time again, the Riddle Championships has arrived, however the tension throughout the Wizarding Community is rising. There's talk of war, talk of peace and talk of a new Champion. While the world holds their breath to catch a glimpse of the illusive Hermione Granger, the Fifth Champion she is busy trying to pull her own life together and uphold her duties. They all know war is coming, the only question is when. Here it is the sequel to Fractures, you do not need to read the previous story to understand what's going on but it would help. Riddle has not become Lord Voldemort, there was no Wizarding war, Bellatrix did not torture the Longbottoms but the Lestrange brothers did. Hermione won the Championships and left to work with the dragons in Romania. More information will be provided shortly, especially because I feel as though I forgot something. Enjoy... Chapter One Grey waves bash against the rocks guarding the coast, the stars peaking between the clouds. The half moon hidden, something unnatural has arrived. A storm blowing across the coast, sending muggles scurrying to shelter. Black clouds blocking out sunlight, rushing wind making all living things run into hiding. A slight rumble shifts through the deck she pauses two glasses in hand waiting for the tremor to stop before continuing her walk back to her cabin. The coast flashing by, she spent a little while watching the sleeping city before deciding she needed a drink. Looks follow her movement, looks she has grown accustomed to, after all she won the Last Championships, the Riddle Championships, beat James Potter in a duel. Her mentor Professor Bellatrix Black, they spent nights and days training for the Championships, many fights. She catches her reflection, pausing half way to her room. The scar on her cheek, red against the pale skin, the cold affecting it. She always struggled with the cold and her scar, Hermione smiles at waiter who nods in passing. She steps aside allowing a couple to pass, thinking back to the Championships, she usually did everything in her power to push the thoughts to the back of her mind. After all, she lost Ron, who died in a duel against Harry; she visits the grave occasionally. Speaking of Harry, she needs to return his cloak she borrowed it sneaking into Hogwarts to avoid the mass students wanting autographs. She knows he is somewhere on this train, one of the many Aurors sent by the Minister Lord Riddle. " On this day, 17 th September we are witnessing history. A peace treaty between nations currently on the table calling an end to the radical fighting. The International Confederation of Wizards has agreed to meet with those responsible for violent acts. Supreme Mugwump, Babajide Akingbade will preside over proceedings following the recent resignation of Head Master Albus Dumbledore due to claims of ill health. Those claiming to be Revolutionists, who have yet to speak publicly, have sent Mundungus Fletcher, a well-known petty Criminal." "You think they'll sign Hermione?" Lee Jordan asks, her manager of three years grinning up at her from the sofa. "I'll believe it when I see it." Hermione answers. Not wasting a second to reflect on the possible consequences of the treaty, if they sign then it will call an end to the fighting. Fractions randomly attacking muggles with magic, the governments around the world doing their best to keep it all concealed. With a swish of her finger, she opens the door to her cabin, stepping inside; she places the glasses down as the door shuts quietly. Taking a sip of the champagne Hermione leans against the windows staring in wonder at the beautiful scenery. "We have waiters for that reason." Comes the grumble the witch stirring from the seats. "You don't need to fetch your own drinks." "I wasn't doing anything." Hermione replies indignantly. "Did they give you a weird look?" "Everyone gives me weird looks." "You're a weird character," "Thanks Bella." Hermione grumbles. Snorting, Bella reaches for her glass sniffing the contentment's before drowning it in one gulp. She presses the bell, a second later a waiter appears in the corridor holding a bottle of their champagne. Ignoring the grin from Bella, Hermione takes a seat, smiling her thanks as the waiter leaves the bottle in the ice bucket for them. Settling near the window, she drifts in and out of sleep a feat hard to do as Bella huffs opposite. The witch never did enjoy confide spaces, much more a person of action, Bella hates waiting. "Why did we have to come in this rust bucket…?" Bella grumbles for the seventh time since the journey. "Because it's the only way to Durmstrang." Hermione reminds, tugging her blanket tighter. "You look like a sausage roll in that blanket." "You could always come warm me up." Rolling her eyes, Bella glances to the passengers walking by, grabbing her book she settles in the opposite keep her mouth sealed. Hermione smiles closing her eyes and listening to the scenery rush by. " Tie them down, get the face! Get the face!" A voice barks. A large metal net shoots through the air, catching the nose of the dragon, spikes piercing the flesh. A cry of alarm escapes the muffled mouth, a tail swishing in defence, fire burning deep in the throat. " Bring him down!" A force of magic pulls the dragon to the ground, several wands trained on the metal forcing the dragon downward. Fire erupts, a scream of pain echoes in the air. A growl escapes the lips eyes flashing dangerously as one poachers draws a large metal staff. The sharp end glinting in the fire, a smile crossing pale lips. " NO!" Spells flash in the dark, striking the poachers, cries of alarm. Figures emerging out of the gloom, wands alight scaring the poachers. " Don't let him go!" The leader shouts defending themselves. " DO." A voice whispers. She draws her wand, her left hand striking down the nearest poacher stealing a scream from their lips. Dodging a curse, she retaliates striking the poachers holding the dragon down. " Take her down!" " She's… she's the champion." A man warns. " She still bleeds!" She dances in the madness; the dark sky lit by the flashes of magic, dirt kicked upwards creating a low mist. She dives and weaves, stepping between duels, her stupefy rendering the last poacher holding the dragon, unconscious. A tremendous roar emerges as the dragon claws itself free from the trap. " Pull back!" Charlie shouts. "It's scared, he's scared. Marku pull away." Turning, Hermione catches sight of the last few poaches running away, the leader amongst them. Too long, they have been hunting this leader; she cannot let him escape not now. " Marku!" Charlie shouts. She jogs, if she morphs now she will catch them, she just needs the leader alive, and so they can find out who is paying them. A cry of alarm rips through the air. The Horntail, tail whipping outwards a body flying backwards. She stumbles to a stop, the roaring of the dragon eyes alight with fear. " CHARLIE!" Angie's scream makes her turn. Marku fallen on the ground, the horntail panicking, and an unmoving Charlie fallen in the distance. " He pushed me out… out the way…" Marku stutters. " Charlie!" Angie cries crashing to her knees by the fallen volunteer. Fire erupts from the dragon; she takes action running towards the chaos. She took her attention of what was happening, distracted. If she paid attention, this would not have happened. " WATCH THE TAIL!" A voice yells. An ear-piercing roar breaks through the air… A whistle blows, jolting her from her dreams sitting up; she looks around the gloomy compartment. Jumping at the figure hovering next to her, Bella leaning above her looking out the window. Taking a deep breath, Hermione rubs her face. "We're here." Bella says. Blinking, Hermione peers through the window greeted by a bleak sight; she was not exactly looking forward to Durmstrang. She remembers Viktor's description of the school she almost wished Hogwarts would host the championships again. Alas, Durmstrang name was drawn and here they were to promote the games. A large mountain looms in the distance, she gave up trying to map their route, they were never meant to remember. Out of the gloom appears a large castle, nothing near the size of Hogwarts, but what it lacks in size makes up for it presence. An eerie castle that blends into the shadows fires alight the pathway to the main door that is firmly sealed. Creatures dance in the lake below the vessel, a part of her looks forward to seeing the inside of the castle. The history contained in the building making her buzz in her seat. "Well that was anticlimactic." Bella says. "It's quite a sad building, looks almost lost at the base of the mountain." Hermione answers. "Are we supposed to ignore the likely chance of this school being picked?" "You mean one of the hardest schools to find was randomly picked at the same time as the threat of attack?" "Almost like they're trying to hide us away." Hermione finishes sharing a sad smile with Bella. ~~~~~ Fractures ~~~~~ A flamboyant crowd greets them, students clambering over one another to get a glimpse at the famous champions arriving and the newest Champions picked from Hogwarts. Several vessels dock in the quay along side the other schools, there are still many more to expect. She half expects to sleep on the vessel, however she should have known better, Riddle already here over seeing the development of the Arena is quick to show them all their homes for the year. Magic tingles in the air and she is quick to determine the sad foreshadowing darkness that lingers is of magical intention. The headmaster Igor Karkaroff nods his head in respect to the passing champions his gaze lingering on Bella. A knowing look passing between them, Hermione slots that away for another day, she is sure Karkaroff had a hand in fixing the cup. She breaks from the group, away from Riddle's beaming smile as he parades them through the school grounds. Her attention is caught on the tall Arena nearing the end of construction, nothing like their arena that was almost open and inviting. No this one is very different, a tall Hexagon shape, reaching almost ten floors high. "Hermione." Lee calls her name, waiting for her. "Don't wander off." She smiles her thanks leaving the arena and re-joining the group, led away to the wooden building. Their home for the rest of the year, better than tents she supposes. The students are led another direction, while Bella, Hermione and James follow Riddle into the building. She steps into her room on the second floor Bella's room is opposite. Well it is more than a room a flat, however with an upstairs leading to the bedroom. Her items already waiting for her, she packed light always-packing light these days. Throwing her rucksack onto the sofa, she admires the bookshelf; Lee has had a hand in collecting the books just for her. Smiling, she helps herself to water as she trundles upstairs, her clothes unzipping themselves from the bags they float into the cupboards. The extra bag brought by Lee new dresses for her to wear, new suits anything other than her usual khaki trousers. "Nice," A voice says. "What's yours like?" Hermione asks dropping her book on the bed. "Similar, but with a bit more green on the walls." Bella