A/n: So for a little while this story has been bugging me, sitting in my mind and I decided time to write it. I don't know how long it will be it may be two to five chapters. It may not go anywhere, we shall see. Story: So this story is around the time of the first war, before Bellatrix is married. Obviously this is A/U, Hermione was born a few years after Bellatrix they attended Hogwarts together. Voldemort is just rising to power and the first wizarding world is on the horizon. Bellamione. Warning: This story contains strong language not suitable for minors, it will deal with mentions of death and scenes some may find disturbing. Disclaimer: I do not own any recognisable characters and no money has been made from this. Enjoy... Part 1 The metal gate swings wildly in the breeze the padlock hanging limply the chains were broken, the pavement cracked and uneven beneath the feet that march. Petals crushed the flower bed destroyed, the heated whispering. A light flickers on; the calling out of names the frightened breathes the fear lingering in the air. A shout, echoing in the night swallowed by the dark the number eighteen flapping in the wind. Feet pound away, running from the house, stamping over the broken glass on the ground. A flash engulfs the sky, a shrill cry piercing the quiet neighbourhood. Flames lick at the sky, smoke billowing from the rafters of the house, the cries of alarm. The doors bashing against the hinges an invisible force containing the inhabitants. "Morsmordre!" A colossal skull, comprised of what looked like emerald stars, with a serpent protruding from its mouth like a tongue. It rises higher and higher, blazing in a haze of greenish smoke, etched against the black sky like a new constellation. Marked, the town drifts to a new sound, chaos, sirens screeching through the town, an unnatural event to fall. The muggles running to help, the smoke making eyes water, except the wizarding community watches on. Impassive, Death has called and there was nothing they could do, nothing for the muggles. ~~~~~ Part 1 ~~~~~~ Tired, she works the muscle on her shoulder heading to the bathroom, the heat of the bath making her bones ache. A cup of tea sitting on the table, something much stronger sitting next to it a choice, she chooses both. She always does. Slipping from her attire, the night firmly in play, her naked body kisses the giant bath, warmth greeting her. She bathes in silence, her wand still attached to her arm, her hair sinking into the water. A fluffy towel appears courtesy of the elf's at work, her bed already prepared. She was not meant to finish this late; however, she could have to linger. Help fill in the forms, they stumbled upon the Azkaban escapee, a chase that lasted two hours, through the shit of the city, they managed to catch the idiot. The bruises on her back can testify to her actions, she nearly broke her neck tackling the wizard, flinging herself from two stories not ideal. She could have killed herself, perhaps that was the idea, she never really cares to dwell. Her life too loud, too fast, she enjoys the rush, enjoys the danger the possible death makes her alive. Her family took everything else, took everything that could bring pleasure, except her job, they could not take that from her. The first Auror in the family, a shock to the family, the first of the Most Noble House of Black to become one. The biggest bully in Hogwarts turning Auror, the brightest witch of her age, she laughs to herself. Her shrill laugh filling the room, she can still recall her mother's face the distraught, their most hopeful daughter now an Auror. Seven years, seven years she has spent patrolling the streets, keeping the wizarding community safe. Eyes slipping shut, she thinks on this, the pain the days spent chasing fools, the hours never paid for, the thanks never received. It's enough to turn most people away, but she loves it. Loves the fear she creates, the hate she receives and she hates the praise bestowed on her. "Bella?" A groan escapes her lips, annoyance flicking through her features her eyes snap open focusing on the open door. Her soon to be Husband, Rodolphus peering in, perhaps a little unorthodox to live together, none the less if she is to marry the moron, they better get used to one another. "You're late." He says. Lounges further into the water, staring at the ceiling, she had hoped for peace. She notes despite his words, Rod is rather awake for this early in the morning. She focuses once more on him, her black beady eyes much like a bird of prey zeroing on the curious face peering back. "Yes," A sigh escapes chipped lips. "I got distracted." "Again," It's not a question more a statement, a complaint against her work. She rolls a shoulder, one to remove the kink and two to shrug half heatedly. Yes, she worked late again; she will most likely do it tomorrow and the day after. "Why are you awake?" She questions leaning forward. "I heard you come in." A single brow rises, disbelief settling in replace for annoyance. The bath no longer satisfying, she moves, causing ripples in the water that lap against the edge. She steps across the marbles stairs, Rod's eyes tracking her body. A forbidden fruit she loves to tempt him with because he cannot touch despite his best efforts, not without her consent. His dark eyes slip over her, needy and wanting, a tongue licks lips, eager for a touch, a taste. It makes her sick, her stomach curls the urge to throw up, the need to shout. She resists. Lifting the towel she dries her face, concentrating more on him because he has yet to sleep. "Go back to bed," A quiet demand as she covers her body. "I don't think I can," He replies lust tainting his speech. "Perhaps I could help you relieve some tension." A lip curl in disgust, a threat flashing underneath dark curls she pushes past him with barely a second glance. They may force her to marry him, but she will never love him, her heart remains stubbornly cold. Perhaps she will never love she is okay with that. A hand clamps along her arm, cold. Further confirming her suspicions, Rod has yet to go to bed, either he has waited for her return or been out with his friends. She shakes the grip daring him to try something, he knows of her contempt. "What's with you?" He spits furiously. "You stuck up cow; we're going to be married soon. You better be ready then, you'll be mine to do as I please." "Let's make this clear, you sorry excuse of shite," Bella growls stepping closer to him. "I will bed you on the night of our wedding as it tradition. After that, you can find whatever hoe you so wish to warm your bed, I will have no need for your company or your poor excuse of manly parts." A hand lashes out, smacking her cheek, her face jerking to the side. Eyes slid shut, her lip split, blood dribbling down her chin. Slowly she presses a finger to the blood, turning to study it under scrutiny, surprisingly despite what her parents promised. It is the same colour blood as everyone she has made bleed over time. Her parents who filled them with ideology about Purebloods, it makes her laugh. Therefore, she does. An ear-splitting laugh that tethers on the edge of sanity, she sucks her finger into her mouth, turning to face Rod. "Look Roddy, pure blood," She giggles eyes alive with a promise of a fight. "Take a good look, your family wouldn't know much about that, now would they." "You fucking harpy," He hisses stepping back. "This fucking harpy will slice your bollocks off should you try shit like that again," Bella hisses, hand grasping his hand. Twisting she pulls on the ballpoint of his wrist stealing a cry from his lips. "Then I'll package them and send your prize possessions to your mother. I may marry you, but do not mistake that for affection. This is merely a business transaction; you'll do well to remember that." Releasing the hand, she shoves Rod away turning on her foot, leaving the room, ignoring Rod's cursing. She has no interest outside the house and money, to keep her family happy. It is her duty to marry another pureblood, she knew this the moment she grew breasts. "They will expect children Bellatrix," Rod shouts after her. "Then we'll be talking business." "I'll cut my uterus out before I bear a child," Bella answers pausing by the door, she smiles a bright smile. "I'll hang it on the mantelpiece next to your set like a proper little family." With that, she slams the door, the building shaking in response she skulks to her room, locking and barring the door. A silences the room, a shrill scream of annoyance leaving her lips, a spell hurtling towards her bookcase destroying it. Panting, she takes a seat on the bed; too tired to change she pulls the cover over her nude body. She has her job, what more could she want? The smell of food lures her from her chambers, dressed in her robes; she takes the stairs to the dining room. Slipping into an empty seat, Rod spares her a glance, their argument the night before long forgotten like all their arguments. Food appears in front of her, she picks at the egg, munching on toast as she pulls the newspaper towards her. "We'll have visitors tonight," Rod says chirpily. "Joy," Bella answers sipping on her juice. "Try to behave." "I'll be the spitting image of a proper little housewife." "Your father will be there." "I'll remember to spit in his drink." The snarky comment earns her a smile, one she cannot help but return. After all, they were better friends than they were lovers, they, however, did not have that luxury to choose. Focusing on the front page she almost chokes on the headline, her school years rushing to the front of her mind. Attack on Ministry Official. That alone is not enough to upset her, in these turbulent times they all took a risk every day to walk out the doors. A brazen picture covers half the page; the paragraph gives her a trip down memory lane. Ministry Official Hermione Granger home was attacked on Thursday the 4th January. Despite the obvious attempts on Miss Granger's life, she will proceed to stand in the Ministry hearing. As the Junior Assistant to the Minister for Magic, Miss Granger is one of the youngest and controversial Junior Assistants to work for the Minister for Magic. Minister Eugenia Jenkins has yet to release a statement on the current situation, rumour to believe she is still in talks regarding the riots. Miss Granger assures supporters despite the threat on her life she will continue to perform her duties as well as progress with her plan to pass the first law of the New Year. The law will affect almost all in society and bring more benefits to those without the prestigious backgrounds offered by some of the oldest Pure Blood families… A rattled breath escapes Bella's lips as she drops the newspaper onto the table, disbelief numbing her and turning breakfast sour in her mouth. Her rival from school, the so-called brightest witch of her age two years below her during school. The little bookworm she bullied, belittled and fought with regularly was still running for Minister for Magic. Their rivalry legendary throughout Hogwarts both the brightest witch of their ages, one two years older, the bully, the pureblood from the most noble house of Black, the most skilled in duelling. The second