Okay, I know it's a horrible thing for me to be writing a new story, while my other "What Could Have Been and What Was" is still un-updated, and the Lupin is just done for me at this point. But I could not stay away from this idea, I couldn't even try to. Okay, for those of you who want What Could Have Been And What Was to be updated, I have a message for you: I'm having trouble doing so, I'm sorry to admit. I want Hades to be mature for his age sure, he was raised in a horrible environment, by I also want a touch of childish ignorance and arrogance to still be alive. He has not entered the wide world arena yet, so he will have to tackle that before he can truly be in power. He has only controlled a small part of a larger problem. Anyway, since I too have always been mature for my age I could do that, but now I am 20 years old and have the mental age of almost double that. So it has begun to be difficult for me to write as a 11 year old. Give me some time, and I might be able to get something out soon. I believe I have almost,if not, half of the next chapter written. After that I might have to write a time skip with flash backs. Any reviews with advice or just support will be great. Okay, with this story I read a part of Unintentionally Yours by Dinkel a HP/LV FanFiction on here, that was good and all but I had some 'moral' issues with it I guess. Something didn't sit right about it so I had to write my own take. All I took from it was the initial contract in the first chapter, and even then I changed it a bit. So credit for that goes to them. Other then that everything else belongs to J. K. Rowling, except any OCs that may pop up and the main OC. Those are mine, of course. Talking "here" Thinking 'something like this' Spells -Abracadabra- Chapter 1 A Wolf pack vs. new 'to be's Cheery chirps of various avians could be heard as they filled the air of a beautiful day. The sun was filling the world with its blissful rays, yet wasn't scolding any who felt its view. Sparse clouds speckled the light blue sky, riding the gentle breeze that ran the lands. But not all could be so chipper, one example would be the tower adorning a certain prestigious castle, known as Hogwarts. The headmaster Albus (long list of names) Dumbledore, sat behind his grand desk, in his grand office, clutching his old grayed haired head in his wrinkled hands as his elbows rested on said desk. The air was tense and every movement seemed forced or awkward, showing the unease of all those who were occupying his no cramped office. The Light lord was joined by the Minister of Magic for six years, Cornelius Fudge and his two Auror Guards. The other party was a more surprising to be in attendance, one Lord Lucius Malfoy, Rudolphus LeStrange, and one Potion Master Serverus Snape. All seven were crowded in the center of the rounded office, the three Death Eaters (Lucius had been 'pardoned' by the Minister for being such years earlier, said man was now regretting letting the blond be released.) were sitting on a transfigured couch to one side of the golden wood desk. Lucius was seated in the middle with Serverus to his right and Rudolphus to his left. The Ministry officials were opposite them, with Fudge in a wing-back chair and the two Aurors on either side of him. Dumbledore sighed to himself as he whipped down his face with his hands as he lifted his head from its slumped posture . I'm too old for this , he thought, this was not a new one by any means Every occupant's mind was focused on a seeming innocent sheet of parchment, which laid openly on that front edge of the desk, where everyone could see it. This regal document was the sole reason for this stressful gathering. It seemed simple, with its crisp clean coloring and smooth spider script, but it was far from it. The words themselves were okay. Good grammar, large words, clean spacing, but the meaning behind them is what had the room so worked up. Some in different way than others. It was a peace treaty sent to them, laying out to them the terms and if agreed on, what was needed to put and keep them in effect. A peace treaty from the Dark Lord. Peace Treaty by Act of Bounding Magic I, Tom Marvolo Riddle, better known as Lord Voldemort, hereby state my intention to marry on candidate out of five chosen by one Albus Dumbledore, whose can be vetoed for reselection if unsatisfactory. By accepting this contract I give my promise 1.) To end the war and all hostile actions against the Wizarding World and the Order of the Phoenix and hold peace. 2.) To train and teach my future spouse to the best of my abilities, or should they want to study a subject, in which I cannot provide any help, find an appropriate teacher. 3.) To provide a home as well as food, clothing and other supplies for my future spouse. 4.) To allow my future spouse to visit his or her friends and family every first weekend every month, unless said weekend would coincide with a holiday. 5.) To not hurt my future spouse willingly or deliberately By accepting this contract I expect 1.) The Wizarding World and the Order of the Phoenix to end the war and all hostile actions against my person and the organization called Death Eaters, to refrain from prosecution and to hold peace as well. 2.) My future spouse to have at least once a week sexual intercourse with me and to refrain from any sexual intercourse with other persons. 3.) My future spouse to be present when I require his company and not to be separated from me for more than two weeks . 4.) My future spouse to not jinx, hex, curse or hurt any member of the Death Eaters or me If any of these conditions is to be broken by either party this contract is to be considered invalid. "It would seem that there is only one choice, and that is to comply with these terms. There is much for us to gain from such a treaty, but at the same time I fear there is much risk in making such a deal." Dumbledore said as he broke the silence that hung in the air. His voice brought everyone's attention to him, pleasing him as it always did. "Yes, it does make more sense to agree then not, but what of the risks? I mean this is HIM we are talking about, Albus." Fudge voiced as eyes shifted about, as if expecting an attack. His tone and words pointing out just how much he just feared mentioning the Dark Lord. "Come now minister, what from this document could cause these problems you seem to be expecting? It is a clear cut demand, surprising in itself for the Dark Lord to be offering." The arrogant sounding Lord Malfoy input as the room threatened to return to silence, showing a bit of his amusement through his ice like eyes. Albus gave the younger blond Lord a long look, thoughts and plans flowing to and fro in his strategist mind. Finally after a couple of minutes he nodded in decision almost to himself before turning back to fudge. "It would appear Cornelius, which I must agree with Mr. Malfoy here. There is just too much here to agree on to not because we were cautious of whoever we are making the deal with." He said in his "grim voice that he always used when saying something he knew would not be received well. "Fine! Fine than Albus, say we are agreeing, what makes you think anyone will allow their family to marry the Dark Lord? Let alone allow you to choose whom? Cornelius Fudge nearly shouted as he threatened to stand when his arms flew up in the air as a sign of exasperated anger. Lucius muffled a snort of amusement by clearing his throat, Serverus didn't bother to hide his sneer (not that he ever really did) "Now Minister do tell me that you have not forgotten how powerful a position you and the Headmaster have. Not to mention that all the….Nominees are of age, meaning that they will be going along with it for themselves." During this short exchange Dumbledore was again reminded of that was now left in his hands, choosing a spouse for the Dark Lord Voldemort. For not the first time he wondered what reason Tom would have for making such a deal. Why give up the war for getting married (to a person of Albus' choice no less). It just would not add up no matter how he thought of it. Tom hated feeling so that was not it, and being immortal gave no cause for needing a family. His followers, the Death Eaters, were even less likely to push him for anything in fear of death, so this was purely Tom's ideas. It could be that he had a deeper plan, or just wanted Albus to sweat it out or just guilt him in some way. He would never know when it came to Tom. Fudge was now huffed and red, insulted by Lucius' words. "Why of course I know that, but what would this do to people's view of me!" Finally Albus had to intervene, needing to clear his office so he could plan what to do now that this mess was on his lap. "Gentleman, please. Fudge, no harm will come to the reputation you have built, especially when the fact that you ended the war overshadows the how. And Mr. Lucius, thank you and Mr. LeStrange for coming to deliver this treaty." Here he waved a hand at the parchment. "Now as it is close to lunch time I fear I must bring the gathering to an end. My old age does not seem to agree with me missing a meal. A light scoff could be heard –and ignored- from the couch to his left. But with a resigned nod from Fudge, the room began to clear slowly. And finally, since the moment that damned paper appeared on his desk in the morning mail, the hair in the room was breathable and empty of tension. Sighing Albus sat back in his grand curling back chair, his fingers intertwined under his bearded chin, his thoughts running. It was now left to him to choose a spouse for the Dark Lord. Oh how the world turns. Who would have thought it would come to this. The choses were many and each had to be taken into consideration. The age was easy to decide for the nominee to agree, no need for parent complaining about this. Now the hard part, should he give up a nominee who was light and on his side in hopes of gaining a privileged spy, or a chance to change Tom. Or should he give Tom a Darker useless person to be rid of their taint, cause there was no doubt that Tom would seclude his spouse from the world. So many possibilities. Gender was no problem, as he knew young Tom made no distinction in what pleased him. He could be seen with both male and females, though he was not sure how far he ever went with wither one, but he was sure Tom wouldn't hold back on carnal pleasures if he wanted some. Sighing once more, feeling his age as he rarely does, he leaned over to open a drawer on his desk.