Any text you recognise is from Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone. Dæmons are from Phillip Pullman's Northern Lights/Golden Compass. If you haven't read his stories then you will NOT be at a disadvantage, I'm not using any of his characters or plot. I'm only using the concept of dæmons and how they work, which I will explain throughout the story as we go. "Mrs Dursley, I'm so glad you could make it," Mrs Gordon smiled as she opened her office door. "Would you like some tea?" "No, thank you," Petunia said stiffly as she perched herself down on the opposite side of the headteachers desk. "You said you've had some problems with Harry?" Petunia said. "Yes, unfortunately," Mrs Gordon said, her smile faulted as she took her own seat. "I'm sorry to say, but many of Harry's teachers have expressed concerns in his behaviour recently." Petunia didn't say anything as she pursed her lips tightly, eyes narrowing. "Do you have any problems with Harry at home?" Mrs Gordon asked as she picked up her own mug. "No, " Petunia said, lips thinning. There was an awkward pause as Mrs Gordon opened her mouth and closed it again as she weighed up her next choice of words. "It's just that Harry seems to have trouble cooperating with the other children," Mrs Gordon said. "The school doctor was very alarmed-" "I don't think see how any of this has to do with the school doctor," Petunia said tersely. "No," Mrs Gordon agreed, before continuing slowly. "I know you don't want to hear this Mrs Dursley, however, I need to speak to you on a very serious matter and it's related to Harry's mental health." "Excuse me?" Petunia said, her fingers tightening around the top of her handbag. "I'm afraid our doctor is very concerned for Harry's well-being. He has take action to assign Harry to a higher authority," Mrs Gordon explained. "On what grounds?" Petunia snapped. "Harry is of no problem at home and I find this whole thing very offensive." "I'm sorry this is a shock to you Mrs Dursley," Mrs Gordon said. "But our doctor is absolutely convinced that Harry is talking to himself." Petunia sniffed her nose. "All children talk to themselves." Mrs Gordon paused, seemingly not convinced by Petunia's flippant response. "You know that's not what I mean. Harry is absolutely convinced that someone else is talking back." Petunia stood up, snatching her handbag from the desk. "Mrs Dursley," Mrs Gordon said, jumping up as well. "Please understand, as a school representative I must place Harry's health first and foremost and I've been advised that this must be investigated further-" "No," Petunia said as she gathered up her coat. "Harry is fine, he's a perfectly normal 10 year old. He doesn't need any medical attention-" "I have already filed this with the school board," Mrs Gordon stated. "You must oblige in sending Harry to a doctor, he is not well." However Petunia wasn't listening as she made her way firmly towards the door. "Mrs Dursley," Mrs Gordon interrupted firmly, stepping up beside her. "If you do not seek out medical help for Harry then I will have to contact social services." Petunia paused, shooting the headteacher with a very cold stare, before she left with a slam of the office door. "What did I tell you?" Uncle Vernon snarled, as he dragged Harry into the hallway. "Let go of me," Harry demanded, struggling against the brutal force as his arm burned. "I haven't done anything-" "Like hell you haven't boy," Uncle Vernon fumed, his face going a distinctive horrible shade of purple as he dragged Harry towards his cupboard. "Your Aunt was called in to meet your headteacher this morning." Harry stilled at once, eyes widening in surprise. His uncle turned on him furiously. "Do you know what it was about?" Uncle Vernon demanded, spit flying into Harry's face. Harry bit his lip, he could guess exactly what had happened. "I have warned you about letting out your horrible little secret," Uncle Vernon snarled, his face moving right in front of Harry's. "I didn't do anything." "Then how do you explain your referral to see a psychiatric doctor?" Uncle Vernon demanded. Harry drew back, trying to pull free. "I didn't mean too-" "Nonsense," Uncle Vernon roared as he pulled open the tiny cupboard and forced Harry into it. The door slammed shut and Harry scrambled around wildly, slamming his fists into the wood in desperation as he was enclosed in darkness. Harry switched instantly into fear. "No please, open the door. Tom is still outside," Harry said, frantically clawing at the door as if this would somehow change his Uncle's mind. However this wasn't to be. "Good," Uncle Vernon snapped as Harry heard heavy footsteps retreat. "Perhaps you'll learn to hide your freakishness." Harry continued to bang feverishly on the door, he didn't want to be trapped in here alone. "Please," Harry yelled, sickness rising. "Please, just let Tom in-" "Harry," a voice instructed loudly from the other side of the door. "Calm down." It was an order, a demand to settle but Harry wouldn't as he hammered on the door. "Please, Harry," Tom said. "Uncle Vernon has gone, so calm down." But Harry wasn't listening, he didn't want to be trapped without Tom, he didn't want to be on his own. And then Tom spoke again. "Let me deal with this." Harry fell back down on his bunk, head in his hands as his body shook with tremors. Even Toms reassurances weren't enough, they could be separated for hours with no care of either his Aunt or Uncle. His relatives didn't know what it was like to be connected to anything and in turn be trapped apart. It was unbearable, as if his very being was incomplete and alone. Harry felt Tom move away, and it wasn't long before he heard a petrified scream from upstairs. No more than a minute later the cupboard door was wrenched open and Harry was greeted by Uncle Vernon's fury. "What did you do?" Harry asked as Tom slipped into the cupboard, arms wrapping soothingly around him. "Precious Dudley was upstairs," Tom grinned. "Keep him under control," Uncle Vernon spat. "I swear if Tom threatens Dudley one more time, I will cart you off to an asylum myself. Do you understand?" "I understand," Harry said coldly. The door slammed in his face and he heard the lock click shut. Harry turned at once to Tom who was watching him carefully. "What did you do to Dudley?" Harry asked warily, any repercussions would surely make it back to him. Although he couldn't see Tom in the darkness he knew he was grinning. "I was going to break his hand," Tom said as he ruffed Harry's hair. Harry scowled but didn't draw back. "Great, so we'll be in here for days." Tom pulled Harry round so they were sitting more comfortably on the small cot, legs tangled up in each other. "You heard Uncle Vernon," Tom said, his voice dropping dangerously in the darkness. "The school knows. I doubt he would've let you out any time soon. Better we're in here together." Harry shifted. "So what happens now?" "I imagine we'll be seeing some doctor in the next couple of days," Tom said. Harry stilled. "I don't want to see some doctor. "There is nothing wrong with us." Tom didn't reply straight away. "We're not normal Harry," Tom said. "We never will be." "I still don't want to see some doctor," Harry grumbled. "We're special and I for one will not be ignored. This is our chance to be noticed-" "You're being naive," Harry interrupted. "We'll just get locked up in some padded cell." "Because that's so much better than this," Tom said, prodding Harry in the darkness. "Anyway, you know we're capable of proving my existence. We can actually make something of ourselves." "I don't want to be anything," Harry mumbled. "I just want to get away from the Dursley's." "This is our way out Harry," Tom moved, arms pulling Harry closer as he stressed. "We will get away from the Dursley's, from this life." "I don't want to share you," Harry whispered. "With doctors or anyone." This time Tom didn't reply, too held up in his own thoughts to comment. It was only a few days later when the doorbell rang. Harry at the time had been cooking Dudley's birthday bacon when Aunt Petunia hushed him away. "Sit down," she said, now depositing bacon in front of Harry. Dudley looked furious. "That's mine," he demanded, half way from tearing open his new console. "Shh," Aunt Petunia said as she placed some bacon in front of Dudley as well. Harry was so surprised that he only stared at his plate stunned. Beside him Tom observed silently, eyes narrowed. From the hallway they could now hear an unfamiliar voice mixed in with Uncle Vernon's. "I believe the school have had some concerns," a woman was saying. "So we have been informed," Uncle Vernon replied gruffly. "Harry just struggles with the other children, but he's perfectly happy at home. He has a cousin his age and they've never had any problems with each other." Tom scowled at this as Harry lent closer. "Social Services, " Tom said. Now Harry understood why he now had a decent breakfast. Dudley too seemed to have understood, as he stabbed a knife into his food in silent fury. "Can I meet Harry?" the woman asked. "We were just having breakfast, it's my son's birthday," Uncle Vernon said as the voices approached. Uncle Vernon voice sounded friendlier than Harry had heard before. "We're going to the zoo." The kitchen door opened and Uncle Vernon appeared followed by a short dark haired woman. She was smiling brightly and her eyes flicked vacantly over Tom, before she greeted Harry. "Hello Harry, I'm Emily. I'm from social services," Emily said. Harry didn't know what to say to this so he only nodded silently. "Are you going to the zoo as well?" she smiled. As far as Harry knew, he was going to be spending the day with Mrs Figg as usual. So it was a surprise when Uncle Vernon nodded behind her back. "Yes," Harry said, forcing a fake smile onto his face. "The zoo is my favourite." Tom rolled his eyes and made a gagging noise. It was hard not to laugh, it took all Harry's effort to remain serious. "It's just an initial visit today," Emily said. "I've only popped over to say hello." If this was going to force the Dudley's to be nice to him, then Harry really couldn't complain. "I hear you have a friend you talk to? Someone I can't see," Emily asked, getting straight to the point. Tom looked like he was eyeing up Dudley's freshly unwrapped toy, as if debating which one to smash. Harry shrugged. "He's not real." Tom glared at him, but Harry didn't care. If he was allowed to go to the zoo, then this was certainly worth it. Emily nodded as she knelt down to his level at the table. "Some of your teachers seem to believe you think otherwise?" Harry shot her his best smile, tilting his head to the side like Tom used to do. "It's just a game, it's not my fault if they believe it, is it?" "Of course it's not your fault," Emily said, completely taken in by his act. Dudley was staring at him, bacon hanging from his mouth. And so Harry earned a trip to the zoo. Uncle Vernon seemed to begrudgingly agree that Harry's performance had saved them some time, even if Harry's first appointment had been arranged regardless. Tom has been pleased by this, any excuse to mess up the Dursley's lives was worth it. Harry however, didn't want anyone probing around in his head, or getting close to Tom. The zoo was actually quite good, and it was sometime