Disclaimer: I do not own the characters. Just having a little bit of fun. Not making anything you know the drill, yada, yada, yada. Summary: Pre-Hogwarts. Harry has been tasked with a quest by his Aunt Petunia to discover himself and who he is as well as find the school which he will be attending. Chapter 1 It was the first day of summer, Saturday June 14th, the summer where everything would change. Petunia had waited for this day and was very anxious. So far, everything had gone according to plan that she had set in motion three years ago. Vernon and Dudley had left on the plane last night to the new job Vernon had accepted. Petunia had lied to the neighbors stating that the whole family was going on vacation for the summer to the neighbors. She had a lot to finish before she could meet up with Vernon and Dudley. Harry was cleaning out his cupboard like she had instructed him. Petunia had tried to set her foot down three years ago, when she had noticed something very odd about the boy who was supposed to be her nephew. He had made a certain look that seemed very odd, one that Petunia had recognized that belonged to someone else and not James Potter. She had mentioned what she saw to Vernon. Vernon couldn't see it. It had taken two years after that day before Vernon finally caved in and stopped abusing the boy. It had been a constant battle with Vernon, one that nearly ended in divorce. But she was finally able to convince him that everything they had been told had been a lie. Proof that Petunia found in the attic one day inside a little chest that had once belonged to Lily Potter. The furniture would be staying, the home on Privet Drive hadn't been paid for by them anyway, after all, it had been paid for out of the money they had received for the boy. It was his home. As was the flat Petunia was going to take him to, though, that had been paid for in a different name. One of Vernon's employees who had recently ran into a bit of bind and needed a place to stay since he and his wife had broken up and she ended up with everything. Petunia had managed the money over the last three years even better. Petunia always had a feeling they were being watched. She knew she had to get the boy out and away from observing and prying eyes. The boy was going to have the time of his life this summer, this was something both her and Vernon had agreed upon. The beatings had stopped only a year ago. He was still small for his age, this was something else Petunia had been trying to rectify. She had done the best she could having to fight Vernon and Dudley at every step. Everything was all set up and ready to go. Robert Nixon was more than willing to help out too, after all, he had been living in the flat not having to pay the bills. "I'm finished, Aunt Petunia." Harry had said. Petunia was pulled out of her musings. "Very good Harry. Come sit down." She had been at the dinning table, putting the last touches on the envelopes that she had been writing on for years. Once Harry sat down, she closed the magical chest that had belonged to her sister Lily. There were quite a few things inside that chest that Harry was going to need this summer. Vernon had agreed to leave the child alone and when the opportunity came from his employer to relocate, Vernon had jumped at the chance. Petunia had thanked whatever God she could for that to have had happened. Petunia put on the best happy face she could muster at the moment. "I have a surprise for you." Petunia told Harry. She watched as his face lit up. "What?" Asked Harry excitedly. "You remember I told you about a school. A boarding school?" Petunia asked him. Harry nodded. "I'm giving you a quest to find that school this summer. A very important quest. It's a secret quest and you can't let anyone know about it. I need your promise." Petunia told him. "I promise. No one can know." Harry said. Petunia could feel the air around them become heavy. She had felt this before around Lily. While she had not been magical, at least not enough to go to Hogwarts, she had been able to see things and feel things. Yes, she had been jealous of Lily growing up, but Petunia started to realize something, she wasn't quite normal either. She had always been able to sense things. Probably why it took her awhile to convince Vernon of what was around the boy, even though he still couldn't see it. She knew Harry would keep this promise. She pushed the chest towards him, "Everything you need is inside this chest. You have one task you have to do every day till you get to your school and till you finish with it. Number four Privet Drive will always be your home. Do you understand?" "Yes ma'am." Harry said as he took the chest. "Go put that in the duffle I got you. We'll be leaving for the flat you are going to stay at this summer, and you may not start the quest till Monday." Monday June 16th Harry woke up a little after nine in the morning and sat up in bed. He liked this room, this was his quest room, but not home. After rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, Harry pulled the covers off of him and headed for the bathroom. While he did his morning ritual, Harry kept repeating over and over again that number four Privet Drive was his home. Aunt Petunia had stressed this was very important and he would soon learn why this summer. Once dressed in the new clothes that actually fit him, Harry grinned as he ate a bowl of cereal. Robert Nixon had already left for work. Harry liked him and he was a nice man. Over the last two days he had gotten to know him rather well. At first, Harry was nervous, but he could see that Robert wanted this summer to go well for Harry. Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon was helping him out of a bind and getting him back on his feet. Harry thought this was all rather nice, considering they normally didn't do things like that. That was why Robert didn't mind in the slightest that Harry was staying with him this summer in London, Harry had reasoned. Harry had a few rules he had to follow, like helping around the flat, making sure to pick up after himself, always leaving a note to where he was going for Robert if he was getting home late or anything like that. But it was rules that Harry didn't mind in the least. Once he finished the cereal he cleaned the table off and did the morning dishes and put them up. Harry thought about yesterday when Robert had taken him to the play park and Harry had to tell everyone he was Brandon Nixon. Harry didn't mind this at all, he rather liked being Brandon. After all, it had kept him from opening everything in the room. His Aunt didn't want him to open anything but the two drawers that held his new clothes. Harry then headed back to his room. He had a quest to begin. Harry took the chest that he had placed on the dresser off and sat down with it on the bed and opened it up. The first thing he noticed were quite a few envelopes all were numbered. He pulled out the first one and opened it up. Dear Nephew, Your journey and quest has now begun. Besides this chest, the whole room in which you are in is designed to help you discover things, not only about your new school, but also about yourself. Vernon and I want to apologize for how we treated you. We should have never had done so. Some things are learned the hard way. And we are sorry. The chest which contains everything is now yours, it belonged to my sister Lily. I realized, I never told you anything about her. I had my reasons. You are going to discover some things you might not like. Some things are going to take time to understand. I believe you will be able to understand these things, but we are going to do this slowly, one step at a time. I realize I'm not with you on this journey. It is after all your journey, this is something I am not really allowed to do. Some things need to be explained to you. Here is your tasks for today, after all, we can't send you out on your quest without preparing you. 1. Get rid of any clothes you packed up from your cupboard. You will no longer be dressed as a hoodlum. 2. You have only three sets of clothes. We are going to expand your wardrobe this summer. 3. Your scar is noticeable. You are going to learn to hide this scar. Inside the closet on top cubby is a make-up kit. One of the new ones that is fully waterproof and can 't come off easily in case of accidents. So for today, you get to learn to hide your scar. Read the directions and practice till you get it right. Until then, you can not move on in your quest. Love, Aunt Petunia Harry reread the letter. He liked his scar at times, it was shaped like a lightening bolt, really the only interesting thing about him. Harry liked that his Aunt apologized, at first he never really understood why they treated him the way they did. Also, he noticed that he would be learning about himself. This was something that excited him as well. Getting up, Harry found all the old clothes he had packed and had brought with him. It wasn't quite a lot considering it filled up half a trash bag. Leaving the flat, he took it down to the big green bin that sat outside. He placed it inside and noticed that he felt lighter after he had done so. Like he was getting rid of something. Harry wasn't quite sure what it was, but he liked the new feeling he had after doing so. Like he felt more normal than he had ever had. He headed back up to the flat and saw himself back inside. The directions in the make-up kit appeared to be simple. His Aunt had supplied four of these kits. Harry learned one thing after four hours being in the bathroom in front of the mirror. Make-up was not as easy as he thought it would be. He took a break and had lunch while he watched the video that came with the kit. The women on there made it look so simple. After lunch he tried again. He finally got it correct an hour before Robert would be getting home from work. Harry felt proud of himself of his accomplishment. His scar didn't look like it was there at all, for that matter, it didn't look like he was wearing make-up. He was now able to blend it where it looked exactly like his skin on his face. Robert had called earlier and said he was bringing pizza home for dinner. Harry cleaned up everything in the bathroom and made sure it was clean. Robert walked through the door after he had finished and had everything back in his room. "Brandon?" Robert called out. Harry had agreed with Aunt Petunia and Robert that he would go by this name and not to use his real one. So Robert called him nothing but