This was my entry into the Quills and Parchment one shot competition, Not Quite Human and won Best Creature Character Development, Most Unique Origin Story, Best Drama and received an honourable mention from the judges. All canon characters, storylines and themes belong to JK Rowling and I make no profit from this story. It also takes inspiration from the film The Fly. Trigger warning for dubious consent. "I don't know where. All I can tell you is that he's gone. We fought and he left," Godric said heavily. His words felt leaden, dropping out of his mouth to land with a clang in the air that felt thick with recrimination and suspicion. But if they were lead, he was not the lighter for having expelled them from his body, rather the more he spoke, the more he felt their weight pressing down on him. Rowena Ravenclaw regarded him through her strange pale eyes that saw so much, taking in the blood that flowed from his temple, to disappear into his beard, the way he leaned on his sword. She couldn't fail to spot the scorch marks across the back of his wand hand, or the rip in the sleeve of his robes, which were dirty and crumpled, "We can see that." Helga wrung her plump hands anxiously, half out of her chair to look out of the window, as though he might be visible departing the castle along the narrow path to Hogsmeade, "Will he come back? Perhaps he could be persuaded if I -" "Salazar has passed to a place where we can no longer reach him," Godric cut her off with a wave of his hand. "What do you mean?" only the slightest of tremors in Helga's voice revealed her fear of the answer. "Merely that he has changed. Our friend is gone forever. And none of us will seek him out, for he has betrayed us," the gravity in his words reverberated around the stone room and he emphasised them by tapping the point of his sword against the stone flags. Rowena closed her eyes pressed her fingertips to her temples, a pose that Godric had noticed she affected when she was trying to see through confusion and form her own opinion. Whether she was consciously trying to press her diadem closer to her brain, or it was merely a form of comfort, he wasn't sure. He held his breath, awaiting her pronouncement. "It seems that Godric is correct and Salazar has deserted us. We must try to repair the damage we have done with our fighting," she nodded curtly as though she felt her words placed finality on the event. Godric sank down into a chair and removed his wand from his pocket to heal his wounds. Lion-like, some people called him. Otherwise the villagers might call, "there goes Godric, like a great a bear," and with his huge frame, his great mane of russet hair, his enormous strength, it was easy to see why. But right then, he felt small, like the events of the morning had lessened him somehow. He winced as he pulled a fragment of glass out of his shin and pressed his wand to the flesh to stem the crimson trickle that seeped, almost black, onto his robes. He could practically feel the waves of anxiety rolling off Helga, vibrating and shimmering through the air as sure as magic. She hovered over her chair still, in an odd half crouch, trying to decide whether to sit down and continue her knitting, or break Rowena's unspoken closing of the matter. Eventually she decided, her mouth a thin line of unhappiness, "But I just think –" "It is done!" Gryffindor roared, "And I, for one, am glad of it. The pupils – all of the pupils – are once again safe from the danger that he posed." "Then so it must be," she sighed, at last sinking back into her seat. Godric didn't move, his shaggy head bowed in his hands, until long after the rhythmic click of the needles resumed. oOoOoOo Salazar Slytherin patrolled the boundaries of his one time refuge now turned prison, knocking over bookshelves for parchments to spoil in the mud, reducing furniture to kindling in his rage as he glided past. He cared little, for what use were furniture and books to him now? Belongings paled into insignificance next to his need for vengeance. The aching in his very being to destroy Godric Gryffindor, the man who had left him wandless, powerless, in the darkness was all consuming. But Salazar Slytherin was nothing if not patient. He would wait, and one day, it would be his time to kill. To rip…tear…kill. oOoOoOo Salazar watched Godric descend into his personal chamber, his heart swelling with fondness for his dear friend. He seemed out of place here, his red and gold tones gaudy amongst the silver and emerald tapestries and fine dark wood furniture. Godric brushed his hands together to remove the dirt they had accumulated on the climb down, "This had better be good Salazar. I'm not as young as I used to be. Clambering down a well like an urchin just to reach your chambers may be an easy task for a monkey like yourself but it is no mean feat for me." "Nonsense Godric my dear, you're in the prime of your life. Just look at that fine mane of hair. The lion himself personified." Salazar laid his hand gently on the rough fabric of the cloak at Godric's shoulder, and although he was nearly a head shorter than him, led him easily to an ornately carved mirror that rested against the stone wall. It sat in a shadowy spot where moss greenly furred the wall but its golden frame seemed to glow with a light of its own and the image it reflected in the glass was never shaded. "Perhaps there is a little vanity in the animals we chose to represent us for our houses," Godric conceded, nodding towards the acid green snake draped contentedly over the fur collar of Salazar's robes. Salazar just smiled, and Godric watched as his arms wrapped around him from behind, one to play with the tassels of his belt, one to twine upwards into the hair at his nape. "I do wish you'd tell me what you saw in the mirror – it's most unfair to keep such a secret from your dear friend." Salazar's voice sounded from the other side of the room, rather than in his ear, even though Godric could see him leaning close enough into him that his lips were almost touching him. It shocked him out of the trance he had fallen into. Salazar had shown him the mirror before and he feared it as much as he marvelled at it. It was a tricksy thing that somehow showed that which wasn't quite true but was so tantalisingly close, close enough that Godric gasped awake in the night with the wanting of it. He knew he must never speak of what he saw there to Salazar, that he would be revolted with the unnatural acts that Godric fantasised about, alone in his chamber at night. "But this is what I wanted to show you," Salazar gestured dramatically to a pair of ornately carved, strangely angled cabinets, his embroidered sleeves slipping down to reveal pale forearms, "An invention of my own design." "You are branching out into furniture design? They are handsome, I'll warrant you that," Godric grinned, running his hand over the rich decorations, feeling the magic woven into their fibres. "Hush friend, for you will regret your mocking when I demonstrate their purpose," Salazar plucked an apple from a bowl piled with them and placed it into one of the cabinets before shutting the door, his forehead almost touching the dark wood as he whispered an incantation, before opening the cabinet again with a flourish. Godric looked nonplussed, "You have vanished the apple. It is a simple thing – I can do it myself, even without the aid of a cupboard," he flicked his wand lazily over the fruit bowl, reducing the number of shiny green apples by half. "Be patient!" Salazar opened the second cabinet, revealing the apple. "I still fail to see." Salazar span to face him, sending his robes whirling about his feet, his black eyes flashing impatiently, "Well of course you do, you great oaf. And with a head as wooden as yours I shouldn't be surprised that ideas need hammering into it." Godric just laughed and summoned the apple to himself, taking a hearty crunching bite out of it, "Enlighten me." Salazar then peeled the snake from around his neck and stretched his hand out, allowing it to slither into the cabinet. Once more he closed the door and once more he murmured the spell. Once more he re-opened the cabinet and revealed that its contents had disappeared. Then he strode back to the other cabinet and retrieved his familiar, who slid gratefully back round his neck. "I have found a way to transport living beings from one place to another!" he announced with such triumph that Godric felt sorely tempted to issue a fanfare from his wand, yet he was still confused at the reason for Salazar's celebrations. "Isn't that what we use apparition, or brooms for?" "Some are not able to fly or stomach apparitions. Some need a place to hide…" Salazar looked sorrowful and Godric knew he was remembering his mother, who in times of stress, found her magic deserted her. It was hereditary, apparently, although it had never seemed to affect Salazar. A muggle neighbour had seen her charming her cow back to health after it had contracted the pox and had gathered an angry mob to descend on her, complete with flaming torches and pitchforks. Terrified, and unable to do anything to defend herself, her home had been burned to the ground with her inside. Salazar had told him once whilst in his cups with mead what he had witnessed, as a wide eyed child, paralysed with terror, hiding in the cornfield behind the house. "A defence against the witch hunts?" Salazar's face hardened and he spat out his words, "Against the filthy muggles and their need to destroy anything that they don't understand." "Come Salazar, you know your views on muggles aren't shared by the rest of us. Would it work for humans? Do you want me to try?" "Bless you and the foolhardiness that others call bravery, but I shall make the inaugural crossing and you shall bear witness to it." He clambered eagerly into the cabinet and shut the door in on himself. Godric felt the wave of magic wash through the air and heard a heavy thump in the previously unoccupied cabinet. After a moment it became apparent that his friend was not capable of exiting, and Godric rushed to pull the door open, allowing Salazar to tumble out. "Are you well?" he took his arm and helped him to his feet when he was able, albeit shakily, to stand. "I am not certain… I feel a little strange," he collapsed into an upholstered armchair, mopping his pallid brow with a trembling hand, his breathing beleagured. Tentatively he patted his robes, "Where is Kyra? The snake! Is she still in the cabinet?" Godric checked one and then the other, shaking his head solemnly. He wondered if he ought to start a search of the chamber, for he knew Salazar would be most upset at the loss of the snake. Perhaps it had simply slithered out of a knot in the wood. Yet he could see the interior of the cabinets to be quite sound. He cast his gaze unsurely about the dirt floor for the creature. "A mistake perhaps," Salazar pressed his long fingers to his lips, which appeared quite bloodless, "I must have miscalculated." Godric dropped to his knees beside his friend, to grasp his arm firmly, "You're