Ch. 1 Twelve immortal beings sat in a vast and lavish throne room high in the sky above New York City. The year was 2016 and the past five years had been anything but peaceful for the gods of Olympus and their children. Five years earlier, the Titan Lord Kronos, father of the eldest Olympians, had managed to rise from Tartarus along with a handful of other Titans and wage a war against the gods in an attempt to overthrow them and take control of the world once again. The war had cut especially deep into the world of demigods. Brothers and sisters were forced to choose sides, often ending up on opposite sides of the battlefield. The war had claimed hundreds of demigod lives and cut emotional scars so deeply in others that they never truly recovered. The second Titan War had been a lesson to the Olympians, one they were forced to never forget as they watched their own children, driven by anger and hatred born of their neglect, take up arms side by side with monster and Titan alike in an effort to destroy them. In the end the gods had been saved. Not by their power or strength or by the might of the demigod children forced to fight to defend them but from one simple act; a singular act of sacrifice and forgiveness by a child who had lost so much in his short yet difficult life. Luke Castellan had plunged a dagger into his own body in an act of bravery and sacrifice never before seen by the gods of Olympus as he destroyed the Titan Kronos and scattered his essence so far it would be millennia before he would be able to think about rising again. It hadn't been Luke alone that made the decision. Two other heroes, Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase, were by his side fulfilling the greatest prophecy seen in the era of the gods and proving in the end that no matter how dark things had gotten there was always a way back; a way to rectify mistakes and earn redemption when it thought impossible. While Percy and Annabeth were hailed as the saviors of Olympus, they never forgot who it was that made the true sacrifice that saved them all. Their family and friends, the gods and the campers all seemed to forget about Luke and were eager to give the credit to the two young demigods. Annabeth was named the new architect of Olympus, given free rein to design whatever her heart desired within the city of the gods. Percy was offered a gift that hadn't been offered since the days of Heracles; the chance to become a god… immortal, undying, to live forever as his father's lieutenant. Being the consummate hero, he denied the offer in the hope that his reward could be used more productively; a chance for demigods to be recognized by their parents so that never again would siblings have to look across the battlefield and see their brothers and sisters taking up arms against them after the feeling of neglect drove them into the arms of the enemy. Percy Jackson was not a simple person. He was actually quite smart. Perhaps not in the book sense but one would be foolish to call him unintelligent. Many thought he was exactly that after turning down the chance to be a god but they failed to see things in the long term. Being immortal sounded like the greatest thing in the world but without the people he loved, was it really something he was interested in? His answer was a bold no. Despite the young age of sixteen, he knew life was only as good as the people you shared it with. His family and friends, they were mortal and if he wanted to enjoy his life with them, then that was what he needed to be as well. Perhaps if he had known what was to come, he might have chosen differently. Instead of a peaceful life, he and Annabeth were again thrown into a war where the very survival of the gods and the mortal world lay on their shoulders. Yes, this time they shared the burden with five other heroes, all of whom were more than willing to carry their share of the weight but it was a war unlike anything they could have imagined. In the end, they managed to defeat the primordial goddess of the earth but it came at a great cost. Annabeth was killed in the final battle. The battle was lost but in a final effort for vengeance against Percy for surviving Tartarus and sending her back to her slumber, Gaea had one of her minions slay Annabeth as she and Percy led the final charge against Gaea's army. Driven on by the pain and anguish of seeing the love of his life lying bloody and lifeless on the battlefield, his rage was unfathomable. The gods who witnessed the scene couldn't help but remember the Trojan War and the rage of Achilles which had become just as legendary as his prowess on the battlefield. Once over, not even his father, the powerful lord of the seas dared try to speak to his son. After the battle and all of the Olympian forces, demigod and godly, had returned to New York, the gods held another ceremony the elder Greek demigods remembered all too bitterly from the Titan War. Rewards were offered to the six surviving demigods of the prophecy. Three chose to accept the gift of immortality from the gods. Hazel Levesque was given the gift of being granted passage into the Isles of the Blessed instead of returning to Asphodel. The gods had to abide by the ancient laws and short of making her a goddess, nothing could prevent Hazel from returning to her afterlife. Hazel took the honor of admission into the realm of the world's greatest heroes gratefully though her heart was heavy at what she was forced to leave behind. At hearing Hazel's fate, Frank Zhang walked out of the throne room knowing his one wish had just been shot down by the gods. That left just one demigod. And Percy Jackson again chose to pass on immortality. This time his choice was not met his anger as his first had. The Olympians and his fellow demigods knew that immortality was likely the last thing he wanted. Instead of asking for another gift, Percy simply declined their offer and remained silent. Many of the gods, his father more than anyone, worried about his state of mind. The grief of Annabeth's death able of be read from his face. Even the goddess of wisdom could not help but feel pity for the son of her rival. Her own grief cut her deeply and she knew the son of Poseidon hurt just as she did. She had accepted the love her daughter and Percy Jackson shared and had hoped to give them her blessing after the final battle. Even now, two years later, the goddess often thought about her fallen daughter and the son of the sea. But as her thoughts drifted to her loss and the musings of what could have been, the sound of her father clearing his throat loudly broke her from her memories. "Do you have an opinion of the problem?" Zeus asked looking at his daughter, his wisest and most trusted child, hoping she would shed some of her wisdom on what actions needed to be taken. The goddess looked like a deer caught in the headlights. She was always attentive in their meetings and rarely went without her opinion on a matter being heard. But she had been so wrapped up in her thoughts of the past, she had missed her father's words. "The attacks on the demigod camps." Poseidon added quickly. "We surely must take action. We cannot leave our children to fend for themselves; not after the last two wars, not after losing so many of them in the past conflicts." Athena's mind was quick as she remembered the reason they were there. The troubling attacks on both Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter over recent months as well as the strange monster activity, so eerily similar to those leading up to the second Titan War. "What have the hunters seen in their recent hunts? How have the monsters been acting?" Zeus looked at his daughter strangely before turning to Artemis. "Could you report what you told us a moment ago now that Athena is paying attention?" The goddess of the hunt threw a concerned glance at her usually attentive sibling, "Just what we've been noticing over the past few months, no change. They seem to conjugate together more often, rarely being found outside of groupings like those that have attacked the half-blood camps but no reason behind it can be deciphered." Athena shook off the embarrassment of being caught not paying attention. "What can we do? The ancient laws prevent direct interference. Perhaps we need to help them with the coordination of their defenses. Other than that, we cannot interfere." Zeus frowned. He had hoped for a more helpful response but knew she was correct. "The problem is not with how we can help our kids. The main issue is we need to figure out why the monsters are attacking and acting the way they are." Hermes interjected. "If we can figure out what's going on, then we can help our kids out by letting them know what they are up against." The council murmured their agreement but they had mentioned this before. The fact was that they were at a loss. Both Gaea and Kronos were not possible. The Titan was scattered to the winds and the earth goddess in a slumber she couldn't hope to wake from for millennia. The other Titans were all accounted for leaving the immortals of Olympus at a loss for what could be the reason behind the organized attacks. "Why don't you bring the camp leaders to Olympus? We can work with them on the defenses of camp." Athena asked after the silence had gone on long enough. Zeus looked around the throne room, but when he saw no objections, he nodded to Hermes who vanished from his throne in flash of golden light. A few minutes later the god of messengers returned with three demigods; a darkly dressed male who looked around maybe eighteen or nineteen and two teens who looked slightly older. One had startling blue eyes, blonde hair and a scar on his lip. The last was an attractive female with dark hair and eyes that seemed to be constantly changing color. The three demigods bowed to the gods before rising and looking around wondering why they were there. Zeus opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted by Athena who was looking at Hermes with confusion. "Where is Jackson?" The messenger god frowned, "What do you mean? He doesn't live at camp anymore." Athena looked to the god seated beside her father. Poseidon merely shook his head. "Perseus could not bear the memories he had in camp. He left shortly after the end of the war. He is fine but we have not spoken for some time." His voice held a hint of sadness but he knew his son was just trying to separate himself from his past. Zeus looked slightly alarmed by this news. "Where is he? Why was I not made aware that he no longer resided at the demigod camp?" Poseidon glared at his younger brother, knowing his mind was already wandering to what Percy could be up to without his knowledge. "Like I said, I don't know. The last time we spoke was over a year ago. He needed some time to deal with his losses of friends and loved ones in the war. I have no idea where he is at the moment." Zeus turned to the three demigods, "Jason, where