DISCLAIMER: I don't own Twilight. I own a pet, and she likes everyone more than me. Also, this is a body-positivity and self-love fic. Enjoy. :) Also, this is a oneshot. I often wonder why people are so quick to judge a book by its cover. Don't get me wrong; I think we all do it. Especially when buying a book, which is ironic. Still, that doesn't mean we should. I scroll down the YouTube comments, seeing comments on how a model is too skinny, or too fat, or how a person has this fault or that, or how perfect someone looks (don't get me wrong —one can never get enough of Jared Leto). Still, I'm left wondering. Why do we place so much value on looks? Why must we focus on the exterior and use it as an excuse to overlook the deadness inside? I see fans willing to excuse their favorite boy bander (is that a word?) of bad behavior based on the fact that they look so dreamy, or that they're just too angelic. Why do we let ourselves be blinded by a shell that breaks, ages and dies? When you're old and gray, will you care your husband used to be the hottest boy in town? I know I won't; I'll care about whether or not he listens to me, makes me laugh, matches my morals. I know it's a cliché; 'the cover is all there is'. But it's not cliché, because not nearly enough people believe it. If— A noise startled Bella from her writing spree. Smiling, she realized it was just Edward, her best friend, placing a tray with dinner in front of her. "Can't stop the flow of ideas?" He asked, trying to peer at the blog she kept, but she just closed her laptop and smiled brightly. "You know me. Near midnight is the best time for writing," she said, eyeing the chicken Alfredo in front of her hungrily. Faintly, she realized the last time she'd eaten was about five hours ago. Oh well. "What are you doing here, though? Didn't you say you'd swing by early tomorrow morning?" Trying to act like a lady, and not the hungry creature she was, she first took a sip from the Ginger Ale bottle that Edward had brought. God bless him. "I was, but then I realized tomorrow's looking a little tight. I've got exam revisions all day, and coming by first in the morning would just stress me out." He sat on her bed, watching as she turned in her chair to contemplate more her good looking friend. He gave her a crooked, amused smile. "What're you thinking about so hard over there?" She munched her meal absentmindedly. As usual, Edward was a great cook. "I was just thinking—" "Good. Something new for you. Keep up the good work." She chucked an eraser at his head, then kept talking as if he hadn't interrupted, ignoring his snickers. "I was thinking about the shallow world we live in. Why are good looks so important? You know, I work so hard on my body positivity blog, but I realize that as much as I try, there's always hurtful comments in social media that tells girls they should be this, or they should be that. For boys, too: You should have muscles, you should be tall, you should be dashing, but you can't seem as though you care. It's exhausting sometimes. I just wonder if my voice will ever reach anybody." His laughter stopped as soon as he heard her first sentence. Sighing, he seriously thought of an answer. Bella had always been his beautiful best friend; however, when they'd been in high school social pressure had led her to anorexia. He'd hated looking at her so gaunt, so sure there was someone in the mirror that wasn't her. Then they'd graduated, and she'd been so rigid with the weight gain and taking control of her life that she was led to the other extreme. She went from being flesh and bones to being some forty pounds overweight. And it pained him, watching her eat through her insecurities. Stretch marks marked her arms and stomach; he'd accidentally seen them once or twice, and she'd flinched as though she'd been physically punched. "I'm not bothered by you seeing the extra fat. It's there; that's obvious. But it breaks my heart that I led my body to these scars." She had said once, quietly, and he'd understood that was all she'd say on the subject. He couldn't tell her she was perfect; she was scarred on the outside, as well as inside. He still thought she was beautiful, but he remembered the admiration he'd once held for her, before high school. When she thought herself beautiful. Everybody had different demons. Hers was her body; his were different. "You know, I don't think beauty is in the eye of the beholder," Edward began, vaguely registering the surprise on his best friend's face. "I think it's in the person. If you think you're beautiful, you are. Nobody can take that away from you. If you don't love yourself, who will love you? If you think you're ugly, who will find you pretty? It's all about how you feel inside." He sighed, not liking the subject. It always left Bella questioning her beauty, her worth. She was worth everything, and it pained him to think she didn't believe it. "Misery loves company, is what you're saying." He nodded. "Or happiness hates misery, however you want to look at it," he shrugged. "I think there's a lot of pain in the world. Not enough people love themselves; not enough people are happy . So we tear each other down, in hopes of making ourselves feel better. We think that if perfection is achievable, and since we're not it, then nobody else must be. So when we're done tearing each other down externally, we aim for the inside. We think perfection is the rule and flaws are the exception —when it comes to other people. When it's about ourselves, we're flawed creatures, and we can't let the world tear us down —so we must tear others down first. It's what I think, at least." He shrugged, grabbing a pencil Bella had left on her bed and twirling it in his fingers. Bella stared at him, her chocolate brown eyes as intent as always. "I think you're making a difference in somebody's world. And for that one life you saved, it should be worth it. Humans are scared of being outcast, and you showing people they're not alone, well, it's a relief I'm sure they're thankful for." Really , thought Bella. Edward's the one who should be a writer. Screw med school. "You're so pretty," Bella sighed, for the first time in years voicing her thoughts on his looks. "Why are you friends with someone like me? I'm such a downer, and I'm not gorgeous like you, and—" "And you have a vagina as opposed to a dick, and you talk a lot about people who criticize other's looks, but not enough about you criticizing yourself." Edward deadpanned, tired of the subject. He'd never liked Bella's compliments of his looks; she always said them with hardened eyes, with a longing gaze, with a wounded look. Never admiring; never positively. Bella sighed. "I'm sorry I'm such a Debbie Downer today. I decided to watch a new music video of this band that cast a plus-sized model as their main girl. Some comments were good; others weren't. It pisses me off that the fact that she's not a size 0 is even being talked about." Edward perked up at the mention of the video. "Oh, that one? I saw it. Ho-t ," Edward gave her a salacious look jokingly, making her laugh and chuck another piece of eraser at his head. "Right? I honestly hadn't even noticed it until somebody pointed it out," Bella sighed, cracking her fingers in a way that made Edward flinch. She loved doing it because she loved torturing her friend. "Anyways. Tell me how today was." "Hot. This global warming thing is seriously dehydrating me." He huffed, tugging at his t-shirt's collar; she rolled her eyes. "Oh no. Global warming is making you sweat. Quick —tell the penguins we have new worries and to take a number." Bella deadpanned, making Edward laugh. His Adam's apple bobbed, and she saw that indeed there was sweat trailing down his neck. "Come on Bells, be real. Nobody would aid the Biology major when they could be helping the gay penguins —which, mind you, I found their story terribly adorable. But didn't their love epic end in one of the penguins finding new love with a female penguin?" Bella shot her friend a puzzled look. "I wouldn't know. I don't tend to follow penguin news." He sighed dramatically. "On the other hand, Tanya is pressuring me to have sex, and I told her I'd have to seriously think about it." He told her seriously, as though Bella would believe his story. Tanya Denali. Bitch extraordinaire; that was no exaggeration. Nothing nice ever came out of her mouth; but, she supposed, nice things came into it, from Edward's point of view. Bella snorted. "Oh really, she's pressuring you ? Careful you don't cave, then. You've gotta have a steadfast belief in your morals," she rolled her eyes, not quite sure if she found Edward simply ridiculous, a poor cornered bastard or an idiot. She was leaning towards all of the options. "Yes, she is. Why does nobody believe me? Jasper outright laughed in my face when I told him." "Because you're not a virgin, and you've had sex with Tanya already. Multiple times, if her bragging holds any truth at all." He had a look too smug for comfort. "We have; although maybe she should've kept that to herself," he shrugged, like he couldn't be bothered to follow that train of thought. "The thing is, I want her to formally introduce me to her parents, but she won't. So I'm doing a sex embargo until she caves." Bella raised an eyebrow. "Yes, I realize I'm the chick in this relationship. Not that I agree with the stereotype; in my experience, guys are always clingiest." True enough, Bella supposed. "You're just extra clingy, Edwina," Bella snickered at her not-clever nickname and finished the last piece of her chicken. Edward was impressed, as always; somehow, he always managed to miss her devouring her food, though he always got to enjoy the look in her face as she gave the last few burps of satisfaction. True friendship meant you could let out natural gas in front of each other. "You're hilarious," Edward said in monotone. "Please crack another joke." "I would," Bella said off-handedly. "But that would require me breaking your face, and I've been told Tanya likes it." This time it was her who had to dodge the eraser. They spent the next hour cracking jokes, poking fun at each other and watching musical parodies —Bella found most of them distasteful or just cruel, but Edward was in love with a channel's parodies. "Swing by tomorrow afternoon," Bella bid him adieu at the door of her apartment, smiling. "If you're still resisting Tanya's wiles." "Trust me," he said with a sour face. "She's one tough cookie to crack." -.-.-.-.- Bella Swan and Edward Cullen met on the first day of elementary school. She'd been psyched about the school year; there was a gap between her teeth where a baby tooth had fallen, her long brown hair had been carefully braided by her mother, and she wore squeaky clean Mary Janes. Then along came Edward —even back then he had unruly bronze hair, sharp green eyes and a crooked, devilish smile. She'd been playing house with Angela Weber and Jessica Stanley —she'd grow to maintain her friendship with Angela, but not with the obnoxious Jessica— when two little boys