Disclaimer: I do not own up to any spelling mistakes. Bella Swan didn't give a shit. Whenever she said this about herself, people either never quite believed her or thought she was just trying to be cool. The proof of how truthful this statement was could be seen whenever someone scoffed in her face about something she'd said or anything she'd done and all she did was stare. If she'd liked chewing gum, that would've been her cue to pop the thing in their faces and blink owlishly at them. This sentiment could be corroborated by anyone who'd ever met her. Charlie and Renée, her beloved parents, agonized over it because they couldn't guilt trip her into anything. Alice Brandon, her best friend, was always annoyed by this because she just nodded and smiled at her gossip. Angela and Jessica, her closest college friends, rejoiced in it, being too swamped in their own preoccupations to want more worries added onto them. Edward Cullen, her childhood-friend-turned-boyfriend, detested it with a passion. Honestly? Her professors always thought she was high. After the first two years of college she'd stopped trying to explain it was a matter of having no shits left to give. This was the key matter in all of this: not giving a shit did not mean she didn't feel anything. She had feelings damn it, and people always acted like she was spooked of catching a smile. That she never argued over getting slammed in the hallway didn't mean that it hadn't hurt like a bitch, and getting a bad grade on a paper didn't mean it didn't sting. To her, not giving a shit simply meant she had the ability to not care about things undeserving of her rage, time or preoccupation. Yeah, sometimes Bella confused even herself. This reflection came about at one in the morning while driving home her drunk boyfriend. ~Rewind~ "Bells, you coming to the party tonight?" Mike Newton slid up to Bella when he spotted her walking to her last Friday class. There was a frat party being organized by Mike & Crew going on at Omega-whatever fraternity, and the football player was particularly fixed on the idea of having Bella over tonight. It wasn't like he didn't know she was together with the Edward Cullen, quarterback extraordinaire; everyone knew, but truth be told, nobody really believed it. Bella disliked PDA (she didn't enjoy seeing it so she tried not doing it), and coupled with being in different classes with Edward, nobody ever saw them be affectionate. At most, sometimes they could be found with a whole gang of people eating in the cafeteria. So this meant people like Mike Newton thought it was just a joke. "Maybe," Bella shrugged. Really, she thought Newton was an ok kid, but he could be a little aggressive in his flirting. Not in the 'I feel unsafe' kind of way, more in the 'I'd appreciate it if I liked you back but I don't so go away'. "Did you ask Jess?" She had the biggest crush on this boy next door, not that the doofus realized. Bella was relentless in her attempt to get them together. Mike nodded. "She said she's in, and she gave her ok for Angela, Rose and Alice." Mike wiggled his eyebrows in an exaggerated way. "You in if your girls are?" Bella sighed, stopping in her tracks. "Yeah, I am. See you there Mike." Then he gave her a big smile and disappeared. "See him where?" A voice whispered in her ear, and jumping slightly, she slapped behind her. "Fuck, Bells! That's my nose!" Turning, she looked up to see her boyfriend holding both hands to a possibly sore nose. "That's what you get for sneaking up on me," Bella shrugged, feeling a little bad over hurting him. "I feel terrible," she said in monotone, and she cracked herself up. Edward glared. "Are you seriously laughing at your own joke?" She pretended to pick lint off her jacket. "My jokes are the bomb. It'd be weird if I didn't." Edward tried not to smile, but he couldn't help himself; Bella was incredibly funny, and her love for that monotone voice gave it an extra punch. His football buddies always asked him what he saw in Bella, not in a mean way but in a truly perplexed one; whenever he explained how much she made him laugh, they always stared. All they'd seen was a pretty girl with an unchanging face who barely spoke and had cracked one smile during the countless times they'd met her. In her defense, she was always so focused on analyzing everything around her she often missed jokes. "Anyway, you weird creature," Edward continued, for once not letting himself be sidetracked by his girlfriend's cuteness. "Where were you saying you're gonna be seeing Mike?" "The party tonight." "But you never go." "I will today." "But you hate them." "Not today." "I distinctly recall you never accepting a single frat party invitation in the two years we've been in college, saying everyone smells by the end of the night like puke, sweat and horniness," Edward frowned, not being able to understand her sudden change of heart. "I can go out for a night," Bella said, taking up walking again. Sometimes she had a hard time multitasking, walking and talking included. So when she did one, she could forget to do the other. Coordination, mental or physical, was not her strong suit. " Why? " Bella raised an eyebrow, looking up at Edward. "Why not? You go all the time." Bella shrugged. "It could be fun." Edward felt like a tiny version of himself wanted to run away from his mind. What the fuck did not even begin to describe what his inner self was thinking. "Bella…" Edward pinched the bridge of his nose. "I have known you for almost fifteen years. You have never, not once, willingly gone to a party. Not even when you were a kid and your dad got you your favorite cake in exchange for showing up agreeable to your parties. Hell, when I ask you to come with me to a football after-party you always say yes only after I've agreed to buy you food afterwards." She thought it was a fair deal. Food for presence. Bella sighed. "People change," Bella explained. "I mean, not me , but other people. I should get to know their new selves, right?" Edward didn't know how she did it, but she managed to be a terrible and yet incredibly amazing liar at the same time. "Remind me why I love you," Edward sulked. "I'm amazeballs," she shrugged, and though Edward tried hard to hold onto his annoyance, his lips twitched in amusement. "You're going too, right?" "Uh, yeah. I mean, Emmett invited me, so…" Ah, Emmett. Twin to her boyfriend and bane of her existence. Kidding. Bella and Emmett appeared to be more like boyfriend and girlfriend than the actual couple sometimes, something that pissed off both Edward and Rosalie Hale, bombshell mechanic, to no end. "Why am I not surprised? He drinks like he needs it in his bloodstream," Bella rolled her eyes good-naturedly, choosing her words carefully. She didn't really like it when Emmett drank that way, but whenever she brought it up the twins made a big deal about it. "Well, I'm pretty sure that's the drink of champions," Edward chuckled, glancing behind him briefly. He seemed to be searching for something, but what Bella could only guess. "How you holding up? Your classes too hard?" Bella shrugged nah. "You sure? You have a tendency to suddenly be overwhelmed by the amount of stuff you've got to do. You might want to apply that new capacity of change to your studies and do stuff with enough time for a change." Edward said, pointedly looking at the accused. Offended, Bella thought to defend herself, only to come up short of excuses. He was right. She sighed. "That's what I thought." Bella mumbled something to herself, startled when they were suddenly in front of her classroom. She looked up at her giant of a boyfriend, expecting him to make another comment on the party thing, but instead he just grabbed her hand, squeezed and released it. "I've gotta get to class baby. See you later." Bella watched her boyfriend drop a kiss on her head, step back and walk away. Going into class (one she ignored the whole time, absently copying the slides passing in front of her) she thought about her relationship with the one Edward Anthony Cullen. Growing up, everyone thought she'd end up dating Emmett, the one that seemed to balance out her sourness best. She'd always been friends with Emmett —first day of kindergarten they were joined at the hip. She tolerated Edward back then, never outright disliking him but certainly never picking him as a partner for anything. Edward had only earned a place in her heart when Felix, the local fifth grade bully, tried tripping her and got shoved instead by a fuming Edward. He got detention and a free pass to her heart. Her friendzone heart. Being brutally honest, Edward had been on the same emotional attachment level as Alice for Bella up until junior year of high school. She'd had a crush on Riley Biers for the longest of times, and then when Riley appeared as if he'd return her feelings, she got blindsided by Edward admitting to being hopelessly in love with her. She had not been expecting that. She'd known Edward knew this, given that her eyes had peeled wide open and her entire face had displayed 'clueless' in neon letters. She'd tried, even as shock coursed through her, to not do or say anything that would hurt her best friend, the guy that had had to bear with her sobs when her period had come for the first time and she'd thought someone had decided to land an elephant on her uterus. He wasn't one of the girls, but he'd certainly never been a boy . And there he'd been, looking at her with those wide green eyes hidden by the ugliest glasses ever, and she hadn't known what to say for once in her life. It took him a year to break her down; first to make her see him that way, then make her want to date him, then convince her it wouldn't ruin their friendship if they broke up, then assure her they wouldn't break up, and finally that he was sure he liked her. She'd had one boyfriend before, during freshman year, but that had ended within half a year; when she'd looked back on it, Edward's constant glares hadn't helped. Edward and Bella had started dating within the first month of college. It had been slow progress for sure. It had taken them a while to have their first date; Edward had football practice, his biology major and pre-med courses, and she had her classes as well as volunteer work. So it had taken about a month to have their first date, then another one to have their first kiss. Their firsts had gone slowly that way, until it had taken their first time together a year. It had been awful, painful, and magical; Bella had realized then that she wouldn't have chosen anyone else to have her first time with other than Edward. He was it for her, her body had told her. The ensuing times together had more than confirmed it. She knew she was emotionally congested though. Edward was always sending sweet texts, or telling her he'd blow off a class to go have lunch with her, open every door and never push for sex when she'd been clear her head wasn't in it. She saw all of this and appreciated it immensely —Hell, whenever he talked her ear off about football or the latest comic book issue of whichever series, she was charmed. She loved