Hello humans! It's been a long time since I've written anything for FanFiction, and much less Twilight. The truth is, I hadn't really felt like it. But now, as life stresses me out, I realize I want to put something out again. This story is one I came up with a while ago, and let me give you a few warnings: WARNING WARNING WARNING! Everybody is OOC. I don't want people complaining to me that Tanya shouldn't be Edward's sister, or that it's too different from the original story. First, this is All Human. That in itself makes it all out of character already. Besides; it's my damn story. I'll do as I like. :) DISCLAIMER : I ONLY OWN FEW THINGS IN LIFE, AND TWILIGHT ISN'T ONE OF THEM. I don't like girls. As a girl myself, it is a very troublesome statement, but it's the truth. They easily backstab you, they talk behind your back when you expect them not to, and they care about appearances first and foremost. Boys are no angels, either, but they're straightforward. If they have a problem with you, they'll say it. But their way of doing it is different than a girl's. Why? I don't know. It just hurts less. Boys have simple expectations of you, and if you meet them, you're in. The expectation boys have always had of me is that I'm easygoing and funny. So I meet their expectations, casting aside troublesome situations. Once, I had a girl friend. I was very small, around seven. Her name was May. She and I were very close, always playing, always laughing. We played dolls together, planned our weddings and even gushed over dresses. But then she made more girl friends. She cast me aside. It hurt, but I tried overlooking it. I played with my childhood friend, Edward. Our mothers were high school friends, so we grew up together. Even our names were picked the same way. My mother was into Disney movies at the time, and when she had me, she named me after her favorite one, Beauty and the Beast (but some coaxing lead her to naming me Isabella, instead of Belle outright). Edward's mom was into Edward Scissorhands, quite intensely, so she decided to name her son after her favorite character, Edward. Moving on. I played with Edward and his friends, each time growing further apart from May. I tried getting close to her, but the girls in first grade shunned me. They didn't like how much of a tomboy I was. Eventually, May joined in too. She cast me aside easily. So I decided I didn't need her or any of the girls in class. I was more than fine with having mom, Edward's mother and his sister as the women in my life. Edward took me under his wing. He told me to embrace who I was. Told me I was cool just like that, and that his friends liked me. He saved me from bitterness. So recess was spent with him and the boys, until eventually, I was one of them. Am, one of them. I wouldn't consider myself an ugly girl. I just take the minimum care of myself. I wear my hair up, no makeup, use the sports uniform instead of skirts, and wear trousers when I'm required to if I have to be formal. I do everything I can to blend in with the guys. The only thing I can't do is cut my hair, even though it would be more practical, what with all the sports I do and activities I join. But Aunt Esme (Ed's mom), mom and Tanya (Edward's sister), have threatened me to not cut it above my waist. I'm too scared to defy them, but I rebel by using it in a bun. Edward and I are now juniors in high school. We have a group of friends, which we've accumulated since the first grade: Emmett, Ben, Jasper (Casper, as I call him) and James (Jamie). I, obviously, am the only girl. But they're fine with that. They treat me like one of the guys, which is what makes me happy. But they don't treat me like a boy, per se. Considering how long we've been together, I've only seen their asses and junks a handful of times or so. A success, too, because they love lowering their pants when I'm not around. They never learn, though. They think that 'I'm going to the bathroom' is the equivalent to 'I'll be gone for hours, so do disgusting shit'. But they're considerate enough of me to, for instance, hide the porn magazines when I go to their houses or stop talking of a girl's boobs (most of the time) I'm around them. I love them. This is the story of our high school days, of fights, hurt and love. "Hey, Bella, hand me the water bottle, will you?" Jamie pants, coming to a stop in front of me. I'm panting myself, heaving over the running around we just did. It's PE, the gang's favorite class. I'm leaning on my knees, feeling so weak that I can't even reach the few inches between me and Jamie's water. "Get it yourself." I grunt, making Jamie grumble and say something about my ungratefulness. He believes that because he lifts me to make dunks, he's my savior. Truth is, I'm short. Just barely scraping five feet. Last week they measured me to be 5 ft 1, which made me happy. But this is probably the most I'll grow. In any case, Jamie is the tallest after Edward at 6 feet, and the bastard is still growing. So when they want me to make a dunk, Jamie or Edward pick me up (despite my protests) without a single word. It's freaky how coordinated they are. Sometimes, they just look at each other and act. Against me. "Did you see her? Casting aside James Hunter like he's a piece of dirt. She's got guts, that tomboy." I hear one of the bitchy girls murmur to her friend, loud enough for me to hear, low enough for none of my boys to kill her. I put on a frosty smile and straighten up. They want to play games, then so can I. Ignoring the pain in my joints, I stride over to Jamie. He sees me coming, and the glint in my eye tells him what I'm about to do. His eye shine with mischievousness. Jamie loves it when I use him to tell off bitches. Honestly? He just loves drama. "James, my love." I open my eyes widely, faking a cute look (I don't do cute). Jamie bites his lip to keep from smirking, and opens his arms for me to step into. "Bella, my dearest pumpkin." He encases me in his arms. Glaring over his shoulder at Jessica (bitch who called me a gutty tomboy), I lean in to whisper in his ear. "Pumpkin? You're overdoing it, Hunter." I clench my jaw in order to stop myself from insulting him. He's shaking with barely suppressed laughter. "Doing what? Over who?" Jamie, the pervert. "You two! Stop joking and come over here! The game isn't over yet." Emmett shouts from the other side of the court, where he's trying to block Jasper from stealing his ball. They're on the same team. Emmett is the resident sportsman and Ben is the resident (bullied by us) geek. "You too, Casper! No slacking off!" Jasper is the laziest, most who-gives-a-fuck artist you'll ever meet. He breathes and eats painting. If he doesn't have his pencil and sketch book by his side, he isn't Jazz. "And you, Edward! Stop flirting and help me out!" And finally Edward, the resident flirt. Which leaves me, the girl and expert photographer. "C'mon, Bella. Our lord calls." Jamie parts from me to hold out his arm, and I mockingly take it, bowing. Yeah, I stick out my tongue at Jessica. We finish our game. Edward, Jamie and I are on one team while Emmett, Ben and Jasper are in the other (plus a bunch of other guys). My team wins, basically because Ben didn't stop trying to steal Emmett's ball. They have a very antagonistic friendship, which is funny, considering they're a jock and a geek. Oh, the ironies in life. Actually, everyone in this gang has their own group of people they hang out with at lunch. Jamie and Edward are at the popular table, even though Jamie is part of the basketball team. Emmett is with the football team, Ben with the computer geeks and Casper hangs out with the art club (basically, by himself). I, on the other hand, don't hang out with anyone. By choice. I always go around school, taking pictures. That or I finish the homework I didn't do (hint -I almost never do it). But we hang out after school sometimes. And during class every once in a while. We grow up. We find our own circles of friends. I sometimes even hang around the skaters, if I'm feeling like company. Our friendship works because we give each other a breather. But in our hearts, this is still our most important circle of friends. Moving on. Gym ends, which was the last class for the day. Everyone packs up, going to clubs, home or a friend's house. As for me, I walk home with Edward. The thing about our mothers being so close is that we basically have two mothers. In my case, it's a useful thing. My dad disappeared when I was six, so I have little memory of him. Mom became an unreliable mother, but Aunt Esme stepped in and has been taking care of me ever since. Edward's dad, though, is a saint. He lets Aunt Esme do her own thing, happy so long as he gets fed. Uncle Carlisle is a great husband and an awesome dad, and more than once I've wished he was actually my father. He even survives Tanya's tantrums, just glaring and pointing at her room when he's too angry to speak. He even grounds me. "Tony, what's for dinner today?" I ask, just like I always do. He thinks about it for a few minutes, probably trying to recall. Aunt Esme knows to send her son off with a preview to (our) dinner. "I think it was something with a Japanese name, but I can't remember," he finally admits, sticking his hands in his pockets. Edward is really handsome, I think as I watch him out the corner of my eye. Actually, all of the guys are. But I can understand how Edward is a flirt. He has a permanent sex hair, with emerald green eyes and a crooked smile. But he's like a brother to me. Edward is untouchable. He's a precious friend I don't plan on losing anytime soon. As we make a turn, I stop him. My eyes shine. "Is it gyoza? Or teriyaki chicken? Onigiri? Think, Tony, think!" I breathe, jumping from one foot to the other. Food makes me excited. Edward laughs, halting me. I still smile really grandly and wait for an answer. "I think it was onigiri." My stomach growls embarrassingly loud. I turn beet red, but don't apologize. He's used to my appetite by now. He laughs harder, then swings an arm around my shoulders. He takes my messenger bag as well, which is heavy with my camera and books. This is what I like the most about Edward. He treats me like a girl through and through. Well, sometimes he forgets when he talks to me about the latest hot girls, but I don't mind. I always listen, because I think it's sweet how open the boys are with me. "I was thinking..." "Woah there, Tony, don't push yourself so hard. You'll give yourself a tumor." I joke, which earns me a shove that sends me flying to the other end of the sidewalk. "So violent. Anyways,