Prologue It has been three years. I have one younger sibling, his name Eldarion, he is two. After ada's crowning Legolas and I were planning to get married on May 25th but a day before our wedding Thalion attacked us. I lost the baby due to the attack. We still are not married and have not tried for another baby. I want a child, I really do but Legolas and I barely see each other anymore. Same for ada, I barely see him. Nana is busy with Eldarion and business that ada can not tend to so I don't see much of her either. All of our friends have gone home to start their lives. These days I roam the halls of my home alone and sad. I blame Thalion for everything. This afternoon I head out to the courtyard and look around. I spot Legolas and then ada beside him. "It is our best chance Aragorn. What else would you have me do?!" Legolas asks hotly. "Stay here and not risk your life!" Ada answers and I step out from where I had wanted to sit and draw. "What in Arda are you planning to do Legolas? I come out here to find a quiet place to draw but overhear that!" I state appalled. "Elora, this-this doesn't concern you." Legolas answers softly. "My ass it doesn't concern me! If you're even thinking about doing anything that involves Thalion and risking your life…" "Elora, you can't stop me! It's to protect you!" Legolas yells cutting me off. "Well what if I don't want to be protected anymore?! I'm not a child anymore! I don't need your protection! It's your life that's being threatened not mine!" I yell and ada steps between us. "Either you two calm down or leave." Ada says firmly. "I'll leave, if he wants to risk his life fine! Let him! Let him break every promise he ever made to me!" I yell, angrily walking off back inside. I slam the bedroom door and lock it. I slide down and wrap my arms around my knees as the tears soak my cheeks. I bury my face into my arms and sob. "Elora, open the door." Legolas pleads and I remain sitting there, not moving and not answering. "Elora, please." Legolas begs and I give in. "Go away." I state and he steps in, closing the door behind him, and pulls me into his arms. "Elora, please forgive me." "Why?" I step back out of his arms, angry. "Why should I? You would readily through your life away just to protect me! That's not bravery, that's stupidity! Risking your life is not protecting mine, Legolas, because you are my life! If you died I would not want to live another second, I wouldn't want to take another breath, without you!" I yell as hot tears drip off my face. Legolas pulls me into his arms and his head in on my shoulder. "I won't ever let you go." He whispers. I hear the tears in his voice. "Don't you dare leave me alone here." I reply and his arms wrap tighter around me. He stands up straight and I wipe away his tears. "Never." He pulls my face up and kisses me long and hard. The next day I wake up in my bed alone again. I had been meaning to talk to him but things took a different direction last night. I sit up and look around the empty room. Today is my nineteenth birthday. I get up and slip on a dark blue dress and my boots, I refuse to wear anything but. I open the door and walk around the halls getting a few 'happy birthday my lady' from people who pass by. I feel and itching in the sleeve of my dress so I reach to itch but feel something in my sleeve. I pull it out and it's a piece of paper. I unfold it, it's a picture of a baby. There is a note at the bottom if it. It reads: Happy birthday, sorry about the baby. If I would have known I would have been more careful. I hope you can find your beloved Legolas this morning. I run as fast as I can in this stupid dress. I enter the throne room and ada and nana look up alarmed. "Where's Legolas?!" I ask panicked and out of breath. I hold up the note and ada draws Anduin. "He said he was going to be in the archery field." I turn and run, I don't care if I don't have a weapon on me, I need to protect Legolas. We make it to the fields and I take off at a sprint when I see the glint of a sword through the trees. "Legolas!" I throw myself into him just as he releases and arrow. It shoots into the trees as Legolas and I hit the ground. "Elora what is Arda is going on?!" He asks startled. "Why you little!" I turn to see Thalion staggering out of the trees with an arrow in his shoulder. Legolas jumps up and fits another arrow to his bow and let's it fly without hesitation. Thalion disappears before the arrow can hit him. He reappears in front of Legolas. "You want a fight." Thalion draws a dagger across Legolas's lower abdomen. "You got one." Thalion continues. I hold up Legolas as he falls to his knees. Ada comes running and swings his swords but Thalion disappears but I see the tip of Anduin leave a cut across his cheek. "Legolas?" I put my forehead to his and he kisses my nose softly. "I'll be alright. I am so sorry this had to happen on your birthday, I made a cake if it helps." He says and I laugh with tears rolling down my cheeks. "We will have some when you're all bandaged up." I reply as ada helps him up and leads him to the house of healing. Two months have passed and Thalion hasn't attacked again but we are still very careful. After I showed Legolas the note he went off somewhere and didn't come to bed until very early morning. He looked like he had been crying, and now, he barely says a word to me. "Ada?" I ask as I enter the throne room. I run into Legolas who doesn't even glance at me. "Never mind, you're busy." I turn on my heel to leave. "Elora, wait." Legolas says and I turn back around. "You need to hear this." He says and I shake my head. "If the only time you're going to talk me, or even look at me, is when it has to do with Thalion then don't bother. It's been two months Legolas, I have been alone." I take the ring off and turn to him. "If you want to marry me then prove you still love me." I put the ring in his hand and walk away. The tears flood over and I go out to the garden and hide myself amongst the violets. "Lellig? What is wrong?" Nana asks, sitting beside me with Eldarion in her arms. "Thêl? Eldarion asks and I sigh and pull my younger brother into my arms. "I-I have the ring back to Legolas." I answer and nana pulls me close and kisses the side of my head. "You have been lonely, it is partly mine and your father's fault, we have not spent the time with you that you need. You may be nineteen but you still need the same amount of attention we give your brother. For that I am sorry Elora, please forgive me." Nana says and I nod. "I can play with you." Eldarion offers and I laugh. My little brother wipes away my tears and I kiss his forehead. "You are kind little brother." I state and he kisses my cheek. "I love my big sister." I says and I smile hugging him tightly. "And I love my little brother." I reply warmly. "Eldarion, let us leave your sister be now." Nana takes his hand and I look around to see why. Ada comes over and takes nana's place. I put my chin on my knees knowing what is coming. "Elora. Legolas has gone off somewhere and I can not find him." Ada says and I keep staring at the flowers the sway in the gentle breeze. "Ada, I did what I did because I can't go on being ignored, being alone. He is the only one I have loved and will ever love but.." I trail off, biting my lower lip as it quivers. I bury my face into my dress. Ada's arms wrap around me. "Lellig, are you pregnant?" Ada asks in surprise. I look up and place a hand on my stomach. "Arwen!" Ada calls and nana comes back and looks between the two of us. Ada helps me stand. "I think she's pregnant." Nana's eyes widen and a grin appears on her face. Nana takes my hand and takes me to the closest room with a bed in it. "Lay down." She instructs and so I do. She presses her hands into my abdomen. As soon as she gets to the top she smiles at me. "Well, it appears that you are pregnant." I sit up and look up at nana. "How far?" I ask and she smiles. "Two and a half months." I get up and run my fingers through my hair. The absence of my ring becomes very noticeable. "Go find him Elora." Nana urges softly, with a loving hand on my shoulder. I nod. "I love nana, ada. And you Eldarion." I kiss them both on the cheek and Eldarion on the forehead. I lift my dress and use the bond Legolas and I have to find him. The bond leads me to the edge of the forest. I see him with his head against a tree. The way his shoulders move tell me he is breathing hard and I see tears drip off his face. I walk up behind him and cautiously take his hand. Legolas turns around, blue eyes wide. I startled him. He pulls me close and cries into my shoulder. I wrap my arms around him I nuzzle my face into his neck. "I love you." I whisper and take my ring from his pocket and slip it onto my finger. "What are you doing out here?" I ask sensing something very bad. "Challenging me." Thalion walks out from the trees and Legolas pushes me behind him. "I wasn't challenging you! I was cursing your name." Legolas replies with his bow drawn. "Eh. Anyway, how is that cut Legolas?" Thalion taunts and I pull out a dagger and throw it, it lands in his shoulder. He screams and Legolas releases his arrow but Thalion ducks. He rips the dagger out and throws it onto the ground. "I will have you! And all of middle earth!" He yells then disappears. I go grab my dagger and wipe the blood off in the grass. "Elora." I turn to Legolas and he pulls my body against his. His eyes hold all of his emotions. "Forgive me Legolas." I look down and he takes my hand while lifting my chin with his other. "There is nothing to forgive. I have been neglecting you and leaving you lonely, that does not make a worthy husband. It is me that should be asking for your forgiveness." Legolas says and I rest my head on his shoulder. "Well you're forgiven and you're going to be a father." I state and I look up at him. He seems to be a little bit of shock. "Legolas?" I ask and his hand falls down to my stomach. I giggle at the look on his face. "Ada pointed it out and nana confirmed it, two and a half months." I add and he kisses me. I