Its a bitter cold November day, I stumble along a path Gale and I have worn into the golden, knee high grass that leads toward the woods and I can't help but wrap my spindly arms around my middle in a vain attempt to keep my warmth in. My fathers hunting jacket does little to keep the biting wind from creeping into my bones and making them cold and brittle, I feel like I will shatter at the slightest touch. Its been a lean few weeks, with the rare warm winter we had last year accompanied by a hot, dry summer has left our woods barren as animals search out food and water elsewhere. I pause once I enter the safety of the old pines to catch my breath, taking in deep lungfuls of clean, sweet fall air. The fresh breeze catches in my lungs, forcing out a hacking cough that has been plaguing me for weeks. I double over as I sputter and struggle for air. I hear an annoyed groan as Gale steps out into eyesight from behind a tree. "You okay Catnip?" he asks in a concerned voice. I'm still fighting to get a deep breath, but I wave him off. Once I catch my breath I remove a flask from my hip and take a small sip of the whiskey, honey and lemon concoction my mother had made me last night. "I'll be fine, just a lingering cold." I assure him with a lopsided smile. "Better be, you're scaring off all the game." he quips, but I can tell he has the weight of worry in his gray eyes. "Like there's any left to scare away." I comment, leaning to examine the mud at my feet for tracks. After a moment of prodding I stand, straightening my quiver onto my shoulder. I let out a deep sigh before meeting his eyes. "Should we try the western edge of the woods today?" he asks examining the horizon with hooded eyes. I want to tell him that while he was deep in the mines yesterday, I was scouring the western woods with no luck. The day before I brought home one scraggly pheasant from the eastern edge. "I guess it couldn't hurt to try." I get out lamely, rubbing my hands together in a vain attempt to keep them warm. Gale steps forward and rubs his hands down the length of my arms, I immediately stiffen at his touch, if he notices he says nothing. He drops his arms back down and tightens his hold on his bow. After a moment of warring with himself he starts to speak "We're wasting daylight." I cut him off quickly, taking a few shaky steps ahead of him and moving through the bracken and mud, my socks already soaked through with cold. He lets out a huff but follows behind me, his boots scarcely making a sound on the long dead pine needles beneath our feet. After three hours we retreat back towards the meadow, my empty game bag weighing heavy against my hip. I shove a fistful of pine in my mouth to chew and wonder in an offhand way if I will make it to see my twentieth birthday. Just as we enter the meadow I catch a blur of blue-gray fur, in an instant my arrow is stuck in the eye of a scraggly squirrel. "Hot damn Catnip, that was quite the shot." Gale says clapping his hand against my back, but deep in my gut all I feel is cold dread. This squirrel is thin and its coat is lackluster and bald in patches, despite the biting wind. "Its going to be a long winter." I whisper, lifting the animal by the tail for him to examine. His lips purse together in a tight line, he runs his hand through his shaggy, dark hair that falls straight back into his eyes. "I imagine it will." he whispers back in a deadpan voice. We make our way through town, Gale slipping past me toward the hob, I don't follow him, it isn't like I have anything to trade anyway. People seem to move out of my way on their own accord. I stand with a ramrod posture my head held high as I move down the wooden walkway that lines the storefronts. Cringe like a dog, my father would say to me People will treat you like one. It was so long ago I can barely remember his voice, it was long before he was blown to bits in the mines. I make my way down the alley that shoots between the bakery and Shoe shop, coming out near the apple tree in the bakers back yard. The air is heavy with the smell of rain and I have to bite back bile as I remember a day not so unlike this one when I was rooting through garbage bins. I try not to remember the feeling of hot, charred bread against the flesh of my stomach. The backdoor is wide open and through the screen door I can see the Baker's wife isn't around, just the boys and their father, kneading dough, their laughter echoing through the empty street. The smell of baking bread is almost enough to gag me and my stomach gnaws unhappily as I step onto the porch. "Good afternoon Katniss." a voice startles me and I jump nearly out of my skin. Its the youngest, his eyes regarding me steadily, his hands have a book stuck between them as he rocks back and forth on an old porch swing that looks like it wouldn't hold my weight let alone his. I focus on the peeling, white paint on the floorboards, anything but those cornflower blue eyes. "How do you know my name?" I ask between short breaths. Cursing myself for such a rude greeting. Really Katniss? I think to myself How hard is a simple hello? If he thinks its rude he doesn't show it, he gives a short chuckle. Shutting the book and setting it aside on his knee. "I've overheard it in passing, I suppose." He runs a hand through his ash blonde curls. "I'm Peeta." he offers, holding out a hand to shake. "I know." I say, startling myself with such a declaration. It seems to please him, because he smiles and my breath seems to catch in my chest. I think it might be because his teeth are so white and straight or because his cheeks have this rosy glow but before I can get out another breath I am doubled over coughing into my elbow. "Are you alright?" he asks, his voice laced with concern and I wave him off, just like I did Gale early this morning. He moves the book and stands with his arms out in front of him awkwardly. I finally catch my breath and see that Mr Mellark has come to stand in the doorway, his face echoing the same concerned look that his son wears now. "That's quite a cough, Miss Everdeen." His eyebrows are furrowed together and he rubs a hand over his nearly bald head. "Its been going around." I shrug and pull the squirrel from my bag, feeling embarrassed at its appearance. "It isn't enough for a whole loaf, but I thought maybe a few rolls?" I try to hide the desperation in my voice. Its been days since we've eaten proper and Prim needs something more than katniss tubers and pine to chew. He is looking past the squirrel at me with a hard expression on his face. I begin to tuck the squirrel back into my bag, cursing myself for offending him with this sad sack of fur. "You eating enough, girl?" I can feel Peeta's eyes on me as well as his fathers. I feel like an exposed nerve, open and raw. "I eat fine." I snap and turn to leave. "Now hold on, you going to take my squirrel with you?" The baker asks with a small smile. "Peeta, why don't you bring her inside, I believe Bannock made some tea-" "No." I almost shout, taking a step back down the porch steps. "I can wait here." I say in a more polite tone. "Well, Peeta why don't you keep her company out here then?" I swear the Baker winks at his son as he moves back towards the kitchen. After Mr Mellark is out of earshot Peeta turns toward me, his cheeks rosy from the cold. "Sorry about my dad." he says in a small voice. I take a step away from the bakery and the smell of fresh bread that is choking me . I think he thinks its him, because he stays quiet, his hands shoved into his pocket. I eye the book he discarded on the swing, admiring the gold lettering in the leather binding, I wonder how much it would fetch for in the Hob? "Do you like that author?" Peeta asks, picking up the book and holding it out to me. I shake my head "Can't say I do." He smiles at me and I can't help admiring the dimple that forms near his chin. "Would you like to borrow it?" I shake my head again, tugging on my braid nervously. "No, I uh, I-" I swallow the lump forming in my throat. "I can't really read, I mean I can read, but I'm not so good at it." I finally manage to spit out. I wonder what he must think of me, Seam dirt, not only poor but uneducated too, destined to die in the mud of an alleyway. I had left school when my father died, needing food for Prim more than anything that school could teach me. While I could read, it often made my head ache, the words mixing up in my brain in a weird way. Often by the time I had finished a paragraph I didn't understand what it was about anymore. If it suprises Peeta he doesn't say anything, just tucks the book back next to his side and smiles. "Well, maybe sometime, I can help you with that, I hear I am a good teacher." I don't like the tightness that is forming in my chest. "Maybe." I say lamely, as the Baker returns holding a small bag. I thank him and move to leave. "Have a nice evening, Katniss." Peeta smiles, giving a small wave as I pass by him. "Uh, you too, I guess." I am walking across the yard as I peek into the bag. Twelve cheese buns, still warm, and two cookies freshly frosted in a bright pink. I turn on my heel, immediately feeling hot anger coursing through me. "Its too much!" I shout from the yard as the baker returns to the doorway. "for one measly, scraggly squirrel!" I shout, I take out all but 6 of the rolls and the cookies, holding them out to him. He just looks at me for a long time. "Please take them, for the little one." Its quite possibly the only thing he could have said to make me step back, the anger going out of me in a rush. I don't think that Prim has ever had a whole cookie to herself. I look down, my pride warring with the idea of being able to give Prim a proper dinner. "I'll get you more." I sneer, turning on my heel and stalking back down the alleyway, feeling the heat of their stares as I turn the corner. "I swear, that baker is going to go out of business if he insisted on giving out perfectly good food for trade." I snap as I slam my bag down next to him and perch myself on an old barrel that Gale is leaning against. I hand him a roll and he hands me a flask of tea. "I doubt it Catnip," He says shoving half the roll in his