The Drunk "Come on, Moony." Sirius Black was definitely not a good friend. It was the fourth time he whispered these words into Remus's ear during the meeting. He knew Remus always caved in, he just needed to insist until he did. "Talk to me one more time and you're death." he said, leaning in his direction and faking a smile. "Please, Moony." Sirius insisted again. "Oi," Nymphadora Tonks leaned in to Sirius's other side, whispering too. "shut up, you two. Snivellus is talking." Sirius cracked a bit, Remus stifled a laugh and both of them turned to Snape's greasy figure at the other end of the table. He was talking about Dumbledore's latest orders regarding Harry Potter. They were still undecided about how to fetch him from Private Drive, and Dumbledore was worried they might encounter Death Eaters before they planned to engage in combat. Molly scoffed in their direction, reminding them that it was a serious business. But silence didn't last for too long. Sirius immediately grew tired of Snape's voice and turned again to Remus and whispered: "Come on, Moony. Let's do it tonight." "Fine." he whispered back. "I'll do it if it means you'll shut up." "You heard that, Tonks?" Sirius whispered now in her direction. "You staying, right?" "Of course, big cousin." she whispered. Remus stiffened. Sirius kept fidgeting for the rest of the meeting. His legs impatiently moving under the table, and his manic grin spooking the hell out of Mundungus Fletcher. When Snape had finally stopped talking and Arthur declared the meeting over, Sirius sprang out of his chair and into his room. "What's with him?" Arthur asked Remus, once the children were permitted into the kitchen again. "He's just excited, I guess." Remus said, shrugging his shoulders. "About what?" Arthur quipped suspiciously. "I promised to go buy some Firewhiskey." "Oh, Molly won't be happy about that." Arthur said, combing his thinning hair with his hand. "Don't worry, Arthur." Remus said, patting him on the back. "Sirius plans on getting rid of all the evidence before you come back tomorrow morning." "You better. If something goes wrong send your patronus so I can talk Molly down before coming in." "Is she so against it?" Remus asked. "You know Molly. She hates having alcohol near the children and she thinks Sirius turns into a bad influence once he drinks. That's why she tossed all his alcohol last month." "He was having withdrawals because of it." Remus said, sighing. "Truthfully, I'm afraid he might be turning into an alcoholic, but I guess is only natural for him to drink in his situation." "Who knows what he might have seen in that place." Arthur said, sighing too. "Should I break my promise?" "No, let him drink tonight. As long as he is under supervision and he drinks with company, I guess, he's fine." "That means I'll have to watch myself." Remus mumbled. He had more than one reason to watch what he was consuming. But he didn't say that to Arthur. Arthur just asked him to be cautious, and sat down to eat dinner. Sirius came down to dinner with his best suit on. Everybody looked at him suspiciously, specially Remus, but they just assumed it was his customary odd behavior. It had been like that since he had been imprisoned (as he liked to say) in Grimmauld Place, everybody just dismissed his strange behavior to his prolonged stay at Azkaban. Remus knew his friend was basically losing it, the solitude, the constant fear he had for Harry, the unableness to even walk outside, the anger at not being able to catch Pettigrew for now two years. It was all too much for his mind. Remus feared Sirius's mind was in even more danger there, than it had been in Azkaban. "What you lookin at?" he growled at Remus. "Calm down, Padfoot." Remus whispered, dismissively. "I was just admiring your tacky suit." "You're one to say." Sirius scoffed, looking at Remus's disheveled appearance. "When did you become such a slob?" "Well," Remus said, a playful tone in his voice. "a werewolf can't live in luxury. Have you ever seen one wearing a nice suit?" "I wish I could see that…" Sirius said, patting Remus on the shoulder. Dinner was a curious affair, Arthur was constantly glancing towards Remus and Sirius. Remus was starting to think, Arthur had his reasons to worry about Sirius, he had seen too how his intervention in the Order was becoming reckless and Remus could bet that Arthur was afraid of Sirius ruining the Order's chance to bring Harry in. "Don't worry, Arthur." Remus whispered in his ear, slapping his back as he walked to the kitchen sink to wash his plates. Arthur just slouched his shoulders and acted as if nothing had happened, more for Molly's sake, than because he hadn't heard. Remus kept scrubbing dishes and hearing the clatter that dinner at Grimmauld Place caused, he was thinking hard about what would happen tonight. Sirius was bound to be messy and he probably would talk about the first war and about James and Lily. He had to keep his composure once he started talking about their friends, it was not wise to start cracking in front of Sirius. He had his way of making sadness into sorrow, and Remus didn't wish to become a crying mess in front of… He couldn't even think about it. The thought was violently pushed to the back of his mind, and he decided that no matter what, he was not to get drunk or else things were bound to get really dangerous. He hadn't realised when this infatuation started: at the beginning he just absentmindedly stared at the nape of her neck, and then his eyes naturally followed the shape of her bosom. He did this in several occasions, his eyes always admiring her figure and her lovely heart-shaped face. But then, one day, an intrusive thought popped into his mind, and he couldn't let it go ever again: the thought of a pregnant Tonks lying in bed next to him. Of course Remus Lupin had had the urge to settle down and have a family in counted phases throughout his life. He had always liked children, even when he was at Hogwarts, maybe that was one of the reasons he accepted the job Dumbledore offered even though he knew nothing good was going to come out of it. And it is also true that he had imagined getting married with several strange women in the street, but his furry problem always rendered it impossible in his mind, so his experience in relationships and children were almost non existent. So, what was about this particular woman (and such a young woman, at that) that made him want to throw all caution to the wind, that made him so exclusively sensible, that made him a complete mess? He reminded himself for the hundredth time that he was only attracted to her in a pure physical way, and left the clean dishes in the sink, where he magicked them into the right drawers. "I'll be back." he announced to the room. Sirius immediately smirked and winked in his direction. "Where are you going, dear?" Molly asked, stilling the whole room. "Oh, don't worry, Molly." Remus said, a cheerful tone disguising the lie. "I just need some refills for the potion." "Should Arthur go with you?" Molly asked, looking at her husband. "Or one of the twins, you shouldn't go alone." "Oh, no, Molly dear." Arthur intervened. "I wouldn't like one of the twins to leave the house at this hour." "I can go," said Fred. "where are you heading? Knockturn alley? We've been wanting to go to look at some--" "No one is going to Knockturn alley!" Molly screeched at her son. "Don't worry, Molly, really. I--" Remus began. "I'm just so nervous of anyone getting caught and--" Molly said, grabbing her chest. "Fine, fine." Tonks said, laughing. "I'll go with Remus." "Oh," Remus was a bit taken aback. "There's really no need for--" "Nonsense. Let Tonks go with you. I'll feel much better if a qualified Auror goes with you." Molly said, putting her foot down. "Let's go, Remus." Tonks said, grabbing his arm. "I'm a werewolf, you know?" Remus mumbled on their way out the kitchen, feeling slightly embarrassed by Molly's preoccupation. Tonks stirred Remus's arm trying to get him to the front door. She had a glint of amusement in her eye, and he feared she was actually laughing at his disgrace. Did she thought he was weak too? He shook his head, trying to clear his mind from such intrusive thoughts. He shouldn't care if Tonks thought he was weak, he knew otherwise, he was dangerous. He knew that too well. "Cheer up, Remus." Tonks said in a soft voice. The air of the early night engulfed them as they stepped out from Grimmauld Place. "Don't be so disappointed because I came with you." "Well," he adjusted his eyes to the dark street, the steps to the house disappearing behind them. "I didn't ask for company, did I?" "Oh." she said, letting go of his arm, and adjusting her cardigan more tightly around her figure. "Molly was just worried about you." "She doesn't need to be." he said curtly. Why was he in such a foul mood all of the sudden? "You don't need to be either. I can pretty much take care of myself. I always have." "Oh, I was not worried. I was trying to make you a favor. But I guess my good manners were not welcomed." she snapped. They continued walking in silence, fresh air blowing in their direction and making their walk all the more uncomfortable. When they finally arrived at the liquor store a few blocks away, Remus was feeling regretful at his behavior. "Wotcher, Curtis." Tonks said to the store clerk in her same cheerful tone. "Did you get the good stuff?" "Hello, Tonks." the clerk answered. He was a short man with acne scars on his face and sandy hair. He looked like he had been in some rough places in life, and yet he still looked joyous and fresh. "I got a batch directly from Romania last week, but I'm almost out. I'm the only one that supplies it in this part of town. I'm grateful about it, but, Merlin, I'm always running out. I've got two bottles left." "Brilliant." she said, beaming up. "We'll take it." "What is it?" Remus asked, getting two Firewhiskey bottles from the shelves. "Dragon ale." Curtis said. "It's still not fully approved here, it's still in process. There was some issue with the import law and a loose dragon that made the Ministry pulled it back for a little while, so it's high in demand right now." "Is it illegal, then?" "No, no, no. I wouldn't go that far as to say it's illegal…" Curtis said, lifting his hands defensively and looking nervously at Tonks. "I would say it's more exotic than illegal, Remus." Tonks said, winking at Curtis. "There are no laws against possession or consumption. It would have been illegal to produce it, but we're good." "See," Curtis said, introducing the amounts and the codes into the cash register. "I'm just a provider of the exotic." "How much do we owe you?" Tonks asked, getting her hand inside her pocket. "25 Galleons, 2 Sickles and 6 Knuts." Curtis said. Remus gulped at the high amount. He wasn't expecting it to be that expensive. He just had 13 Galleons in his pocket. "Here," Tonks beat him to it, getting 26 Galleons on the counter. "you can pay me back later." "Thanks." he mumbled, feeling even more embarrassed than before. Remus grabbed their stash and they headed back in that painful silence again. As their steps resonated on the paved walk, he let his mind wander into territory where he was not comfortable in being. He tried