1. Friends "Congratulations!" Victoire said, hugging Teddy two or three seconds longer than what was socially acceptable. But it was fine: they were best friends anyway. Teddy laughed, his arms crushing Victoire and swirling her around. Teddy always did that to her, and the other Weasley or Potter children. He was the big brother everyone wanted to have, and so they looked up to him. "I'm not a child, Ted." Victoire said to him, as he set her down. Teddy was sporting white blonde hair that day. It was his latest trend, ever since he had seen The Bubotubers in concert the week before. "Oh, but you still look like one, Vic." he teased, winking his eye and hugging the next relative in line: her mother. They were all at the Burrow, dinner was about to be served and the occasion was Teddy's graduation party. They were all home for the summer, and Teddy was going to start Auror training in a week. His lifelong dream. "Don't be an arse!" Victoire said, her mother making a surprised face. "I'm already 16." "Victoire," her mother said with a reproachful face. "Teddy already knows how old you are, my dear. Don't call him an arse, or anyone else for that matter." "Sorry." Victorie retorted, blushing slightly. Her mother was always trying to correct her behavior whenever she acted in an unladylike manner. Her father hugged Teddy next, patting him on the back, and then Fleur and Bill went into the kitchen with the other adults, leaving the two friends in the living room. Dominique and Louis had gone up to one of the bedrooms to try out the latest Weasley Wizard Wheezes product their Uncle Ron had given them. The children were outside playing Quidditch. "Don't worry, Vic." Teddy whispered in her ear. "To me you'll always be my dear sweet little baby sister." "We are not siblings," Victoire said, looking at him in a daring way. "and I am not a baby." Teddy laughed again. Harry Potter came strutting in, two glasses with an amber liquid in his hands. He saw the two teenagers in a secluded corner of the living room and came up to them. He offered one of the glasses to Teddy, and Teddy realising it was a glass of firewhiskey smiled broadly. "Is it ok?" Teddy asked, grabbing the glass form Harry. "Yeah, sure." Harry patted him on the back. "You're an adult now. And I couldn't be more proud. Graduating as Head Boy and having almost perfect scores at NEWTs, you could have been anything, and you decided to become an Auror like me! You certainly make me proud." "Thanks, Harry." Teddy said, his smile turning even bigger. "You and Ginny have always been there for me, and I really appreciate it." "Any time, Tedds." Harry said, patting him on the back once again. He smiled at his godson with honor, and then went away into the kitchen again. "Why are you so pleased? You've been drinking since you were 16." Victoire said to him, flipping her hair over her shoulder. She liked the way her blonde hair fell all the way to her hips, she felt sexy flipping it. "But he offered it to me. It's different. This right here is a rite of passage. It's like saying: you are one of us, come and join us." he said, moving to sit down in the loveseat. "You're so full of yourself, you finished Hogwarts three days ago." Victoire sat down beside him. "And I must say, in this family being Head Boy or having high marks in every subject is not impressive anymore." "Just because you had awful OWLs doesn't mean high markings are a bad thing either." Teddy teased again, his hair acquiring a bluish tone. How sexy , Victoire thought. For her Teddy was the sexiest with his hair blue. "Awful? I just did poorly in Divination. And do I have to remind you that I don't need Divination to work as a healer?" she said. "Then you're glad you're dropping it next year?" Teddy asked. "Of course." said Victoire smugginly. "I can't wait to focus on more important things. Herbology and Potions ought to be more interesting from now on." "You're surprisingly bookish." Teddy said laughing. "You were just the same when you entered your sixth year, so shut up." Victoire said, punching him lightly on the arm. "I'm glad you're focus." Teddy said, rubbing his arm. "But I'm sure your concentration will last until September 1st." "What are you talking about?" "I know you, Vic." Teddy said, leaning into her, the loveseat was small, but the closeness was an advantage for Victoire. "I know you and Dominique. You're always boy crazy." "That's an utter lie." Victoire defended herself. "And if we do so happen to chase boys, it's not for our own advantage." "Oh, yes, right." said Teddy, reclining in the loveseat and taking a swing of his drink. "The matchmaking game." "It's not a game, it's a serious business. We've been making couples for two years now, and most of them are still going strong." "You're not responsible for that." Teddy looked at her with pitiful eyes. "I don't know what delusions go on inside that head of yours, but you cannot make people fall in love. You can't even make someone in love with yourself." "I bloody well can!" Victoire said, crossing her arms over her breasts. "I'm not ugly as you seem to think." "Oh, I have no doubt of your beauty, you have Veela blood in you, anyway. But one thing is making someone lust over you, and the other is making them completely in love, head over heels, no other in the world for me, with you." Teddy said with a smug expression, taking another swing from his firewhiskey. "I can do that in a matter of days, Ted." "Alright, then. Do it." Teddy said. "What?!" Victoire exclaimed. "I don't need a boyfriend right now, thanks." Victoire felt a pinch in her chest. She already knew Teddy didn't feel anything of the romantic sort towards her, but it still was rather painful to be reminded of it. Maybe she was indeed just his friend, and although they had been the closest of friends for the last 12 years, she had no hope whatsoever of Teddy Lupin ever feeling something more. "That's what I thought. You already know you won't be able to. And he doesn't have to be your boyfriend. Just make him fall for you, and then you can do with him whatever you want." "You are a despicable human being." Victoire said disbelieving. "But how would I know he's in love with me?" "Ask him to meet Bill." said Teddy laughing. "If he accepts then you'll know." Victoire fell silent for some seconds. It sounded like a fun thing to do this year, without Teddy there, Hogwarts was going to be boring. And she could always dumped the guy when the matchmaking was completed. But still it felt like a betrayal towards her own feelings. She was already in love with Teddy, and accepting his game was like accepting defeat. Maybe it was time for her to do it, Teddy was not going to be hers. "I'll do it." she said in a quiet voice. "What?" Teddy looked at her with incredulity. "I was only joking, Vic." "No, it sounded like a dare to me." her voice grew stronger, as her resolve. "I'll make someone fall in love with me, and then you'll have to take my matchmaking skills seriously." "You just want a boyfriend." Teddy dismissed it. "Maybe I do." Victoire said, smirking. If she was going to get the nail out, she needed another one to completely erase him from her mind. "It sounds like a good thing to get out of a dare." "Alright, then. But he has to be completely-" "Head over heels with me." Victoire interrupted. "I get it, Ted." "And it has to be deliberate. If he already likes you, then it won't be your matchmaking skills. It has to be someone that doesn't know you." "But I have a condition." Victoire said. "Name it." "You'll take me to the club with you and your mates tomorrow night." she said, smirking at him with evilness in her eyes. Teddy had forbidden her to come along, he didn't want to look after little kids, and had even made his mind to flirt with some girls and get drunk. But Victoire wanted to be there, not just because she had never seen Teddy drunk, but because it was going to be one of the last times she could see him before he went away to Auror training. "What? You get a boyfriend and you get to come clubbing?" he asked, annoyed. "That doesn't sound fair to me!" "Come on, Teddy!" Victoire whined. "I'll make it even, then." Teddy said, smirking. "You'll have to seduce a bloke of my choosing." "What?" Victoire crinkled her nose, her disgust apparent. "You're going to appoint some nasty loser, aren't you?" "Oh, no, my dear Vicky." Teddy said, patting her on the hand and using the pet nickname Victoire hated. "Having a nasty loser as your opponent would be too easy, someone like that would immediately fall in love with you. It's the other way around." "Who…?" Victoire hesitated. "How about...Edward Nott?" "But…" Victoire looked at her friend with distrust. "Nott is a Slytherin, and a pure-blood, and a seventh year!" "So what? You said anyone would do!" Teddy laughed. "Just take the dare." "If I accept, would you let me go to the club with you?" "Yes, alright." Teddy said, waving his hand to dismiss the subject. "I'll do it!" So the next night, at 9:30, Teddy Apparated into the Shell Cottage garden. He was wearing a button down shirt and some jeans, his hair still white blond, sticking out in every direction. He was kind of nervous, but he was not yet aware why. And as he made his way to the front door, the uneasiness in his stomach deeply grew. For the last month or so, he had been feeling quite uneasy whenever Victoire was involved. He had started noticing how boys would look at her whenever she went, and he always cursed her for being oblivious to it. She stood out, and he was not comfortable with that. Partly, that was why he wasn't happy about taking her to the club. She was his dear friend, she was like a little sister to him, so looking at all those guys eyeing her like she was a sex toy was enough to make his blood boil. And yet he had proposed that stupid dare the night before. At first he thought it would be amusing. Pairing Nott to her was quite clever from him, he had thought at the beginning, Nott was a known playboy, and he never took anyone seriously. But as the party at the Burrow continued and he could settle into the idea a little bit more, he started to worry. He knew Victoire and he was sure she would never do anything with that guy. She was a prude, she could talk about sex and love and read dirty magazines, but in reality it was all a facade. She was as scared of sex as she was of the dark when she was six. He knew Victoire would never do it with a guy she was not in love with. But it was that exact thought that made him start to worry. Nott was indeed a playboy, and playboys always made sure to enamour their victims. So when he knocked the door and Bill let him in the house, he was completely ready to cancel the dare and accept her matchmaking skills, even if he thought that was utter bullshit. But when she came down the stairs and saw her in baggy jeans and a large hoodie, he