Disclaimer: This is a work of fanfiction based on the world of Harry Potter, which is owned by J. K. Rowling and company. No one is profiting financially from this story. October 31 1994, Department of Mysteries In an office deep in the bowels of the Department of Mysteries in Britain's Ministry of Magic, two men stood staring at a wall. The room around them looked like it was used for storage, every surface covered with parchments or trinkets. The only clear spot was a space cleared next to the section of wall that held the men's attention. That part of the wall had two concentric circles of runes burned into it. The diameter of the outer circle was about a meter; the diameter of the inner circle was about two-thirds of a meter. The circles had appeared on the wall two days prior. The two Unspeakables weren't certain if someone had waltzed in the office and etched the circles without them noticing, or if the circles had appeared out of nowhere. The work in this office often resulted in very strange things happening. This was the Office of Time, the fancy name for the Unspeakables who studied time and time travel. The Office of Time currently consisted of two people, Saul Croaker and Broderick Bode, the two men currently studying the wall. Most other Unspeakables avoided this office, since a number of people who had worked in here in the last century had died here as well, in ways that were both odd and gruesome. That was why the two men thought it was just as likely that the circles had appeared spontaneously. Croaker and Bode had been studying the circles ever since they appeared, careful not to actually touch them. Croaker had masteries in two branches of study in runes. Bode had high NEWT scores in Ancient Runes. However, neither of them had ever seen rune sequences like the ones that these circles were composed of. The two men had already concluded that it could take them years to decipher this puzzle. After their first round of study, which had taken a full 18 hours nonstop, they had decided that there was no immediate threat from the circles. The runes were not giving off any magic at all. Until now. Without warning, the runes on the circles began to hum, glow, and move . Considering the runes were burnt into the wood, seeing them move was unexpected and startling, causing both men to stumble backward. Croaker backed into several stack of books and parchments, causing them to fall and cascade all over the floor. Bode managed to stumble backward even farther until he fell on his butt. The outer ring expanded until it was about two meters in diameter. The inner ring shrank until its diameter was the span of an adult's hand. The runes grew brighter and the circles spun faster and faster until the runes were no longer distinct. By now, the glow of the spinning circles was almost blinding, but the two Unspeakables couldn't look away. Without warning, a person stepped into the office through the circles in the wall, as though the wall was an illusion. Once the person stepped clear of the wall, the two circles of runes slowed and their glow faded, until they disappeared altogether. The wall was now just a plain wall, with no sign that the etched runes had ever been there. The man was quite naked, and had similar rune patterns glowing all across his body. Those runes also faded until they were no longer visible. Once the runes disappeared, the man opened his eyes and looked down at his naked body. "Shit! What happened to my clothes, my stuff?" he said quite articulately. The man looked up at finally locked eyes with the two Unspeakables. "Well, shit." From Act 1: August 24 1995, Department of Mysteries Mr. Gray started the meeting with, "As you know, healers Smith, McCoy, Baker, and Ward are dead." Over the years, many people have remarked how easy it is for a wizard or witch to kill with a spell. One could easily use a "harmless" curse to cut a person's throat, drop them off a cliff, or hold them underwater for ten minutes. The Department of Mysteries routinely researched topics that were far more deadly. The Unspeakables knew how to open gateways to realms full of creatures who anxiously awaited the chance to devour humans, and against which humans had no defense. The Unspeakables knew how to transform all water on the surface of planet into acid or chocolate or beer, leading to the death of all animals and plants on earth in short order. These were the smallest examples of some of the mysteries the Department had solved. The Department of Mysteries in the British Ministry of Magic had taken it on themselves to limit the knowledge available to witches and wizards worldwide to what was deemed "safe". Each topic was given a security designation that dictated exactly who had access to the knowledge. In that sense, the Unspeakables in the U.K. had appointed themselves as the worldwide censors of magical knowledge. All Unspeakables were bound by contract and oath so that they could not share Department information outside the Department (thus the name "Unspeakable"). That protected Unspeakables from accidentally releasing information in everyday conversation (or more likely in drunken conversation), but it also protected them from things like coercion, Veritaserum, and Legilimency. There were two kinds of Unspeakables: public and anonymous. Public Unspeakables were not required to obscure their identities while they were working, and they were allowed to mention that they worked at the Department of Mysteries. Public Unspeakables had very limited access to information inside the Department. They had no hand in making Department rules or security designations, other than an advisory role. Anonymous (or "Hidden", or "Gray") Unspeakables wore the identity-masking gray robes while at work, and used a pseudonym while in those robes. They did not put on or take off the robes unless they were alone. No one knew their real identity except those in their chain of command. And no one outside the Department knew that they were an Unspeakable. An Unspeakable had to be Anonymous to access any "sensitive" information in the Department, or to access information outside the project they were working on. Only Anonymous Unspeakables made the rules. October 31 - November 6 1994, Department of Mysteries After Harry appeared in the Office of Time, it took him less than an hour to explain his situation to Croaker and Bode, how a future version of him sent him back in time to become him. They extracted and viewed key moments in Harry's memories from Voldemort's resurrection to the moment he went back in time. It took a whole day for the two Unspeakables to discuss the situation and the possible ramifications of Harry's rather blatant causal loop. Harry finally called an end to their discussion (debate) so that they could move forward. They reluctantly decided that Croaker, the senior of the two Unspeakables, should petition for a meeting with the Director of the Department of Mysteries to discuss the situation. The meeting occurred the next afternoon, which was weeks sooner than they could have hoped for. The Director was an Anonymous Unspeakable, so Mr. Gray, Croaker and Bode had no idea if the Director was male, female, or something else altogether. Croaker, Bode, and Harry explained the situation to the Director and provided him with Harry's pensieve memories. Before they were dismissed, the Director told them he would decide upon the Department's course of action and inform them of his decision the next day. It was a nervous 24 hours for the three men. Harry had worries of being held in the Department permanently as a research subject, or even worse, having all the improvements in his life obliviated away. Fortunately, those worries proved unfounded. The three were summoned back to the Director's office the next morning, and the Director agreed to implement measures to make Harry's future memories occur. He started by inducting Harry as an Anonymous Unspeakable with the identity "Mr. Gray" and granting Mr. Gray access to the information he needed, as shown in the memories. Because the time-traveling Harry was now an Anonymous Unspeakable, he would henceforth only be addressed by his Unspeakable name, "Mr. Gray". The only person referred to as "Harry Potter" would be the non-time-traveling Harry. Initially, only the four of them would know who Mr. Gray really was. They would only tell others the secret when it was absolutely required, like if a healer needed to examine Mr. Gray. The Director told the other three that he would give Mr. Gray a bit more history. Documentation would be back-filled (like changing the names and signatures on past reports) to say Mr. Gray had worked for the Department since 1981, in a way that couldn't be easily uncovered or disproved. In the meantime, Mr. Gray would have to do a lot of reading to come up to speed on the project information he could now access. Lastly, the Director told them to use Harry's memories to make a plan of what needed to be done to prepare for the other Harry's arrival. They would present the plan to the Director in another three days. The three Unspeakables were very busy for the next three days examining every detail of those memories and creating a plan to make it happen. The Director was satisfied with their plan and authorized them to start the Riddle Response Project. November 11 1994, Department of Mysteries After several days of studying Department files, Mr. Gray uncovered something of interest that Croaker and Bode didn't have permission to access. Mr. Gray got their permission added, then shared the info with them directly. "The Department records who is present every five minutes. The records include where each person is in the Department at the time, and the records highlight anyone who is in an area they aren't allowed to be in." Mr. Gray gave them a minute to digest that, then continued. "Apparently, Dumbledore visited several times in the 1950s. I went through the inventory logs and found at least one artifact that went missing in the time of his visits. There was no record of the artifact being moved; it just disappeared. It may or may not have been Dumbledore who took it, but he was near the artifact at least once before it went missing. Unfortunately, the inventory logs are only created every two weeks, so I can't be certain Dumbledore is the thief." Croaker asked, "What was the artifact?" Mr. Gray responded, "Something called the Legilimency Amplifier. It was a crystal about the size of a galleon, circular, thin at the outside, thicker at the center. The project description says that, with this artifact, a strong legilimens could control a group of people with Imperius-level strength, perhaps as many as a dozen people, with hardly any effort." "So that was the theory. How well did it actually work?" Bode asked. "Unknown. When the project was shutdown and the artifact locked away, the developer notes were locked away with it. When the artifact disappeared, so did the notes." Mr. Gray said. Croaker responded, "Well shit!" Mr. Gray agreed, "Exactly." December 15 1994, Department of Mysteries Harry was undergoing yet another physical examination. He was starting to believe that, if he ever had an office in the Department of Mysteries, it would have an exam table rather than a desk and office chair. Harry was certain that he'd now spent more time exam tables in the Department than in the beds of the Hogwarts hospital wing. To continue their studies on Harry's method of time travel, Croaker and Bode needed more information about what was going on in Harry's body. The three men needed a very good healer that they could trust with not only the "Harry is Mr. Gray"