Disclaimer: This is a work of fanfiction based on the world of Harry Potter, which is owned by J. K. Rowling and company. No one is profiting financially from this story. June 8 1995, Little Whinging Harry Potter stared out of the window of his bedroom at Number 4 Privet Drive, but took no notice of the parched lawns or the setting sun. Two weeks ago, the finale of the Tri-Wizard Tournament had led to the rebirth of Lord Voldemort, the greatest scourge of the Twentieth Century. One week ago, the school year ended and the guests and students of Hogwarts were sent away. Harry was banished to the home of his closest relatives, the Dursleys. Harry was lost in a great gulf of loneliness. He was a single star in a cold, dark, empty universe. That Emptiness, as he called it, had been Harry's constant companion until he turned eleven. Harry had been running from the Emptiness ever since, always staying just outside its reach, thanks to the support of Hagrid, Ron, Hermione, and Sirius. But all of Harry's friends were just like anyone else; they left him. "Everyone leaves in the end." The Dursleys had warned Harry that he would always end up alone. After all, no one wanted to be near freaks, even other freaks. Petunia especially liked to remind Harry that his parents died rather than deal with his freakishness. It was true: his parents had died and left him alone in a pile of rubble. Sirius had left him for Hagrid to deal with. Hagrid and Professor McGonagall watched, thinking nothing of it, while Professor Dumbledore left him on the Dursleys' doorstep in the middle of the night. The Dursleys were right when they said Harry was a burden they never asked for and never wanted. Things were just as bad when Harry got to Hogwarts. McGonagall had left Harry, Ron, and Hermione to deal with the Philosopher's Stone with no adult help. None of the adults helped with the Chamber of Secrets either; one of the professors even attempted to leave Harry, Ron, and Ginny to the mercy of the basilisk. In fact, when had adults ever helped with the annual crises at Hogwarts? Why were he and his friends left to pick up their mess? Now, Dumbledore had decreed that Harry had to stay with the Dursleys for at least four weeks this summer, despite what Harry, the Dursleys, or anyone else wanted. In the week since school, Harry had received one letter from Ron and Hermione and another from Sirius. According to the two letters, Dumbledore had forbidden them from discussing anything important with Harry by owl. Ron, Hermione, and Sirius had not only obeyed the headmaster, they took Dumbledore's orders to mean that they shouldn't owl Harry at all. Every day, Harry felt less and less coherent. Since Harry had arrived at the Dursleys, he had gotten no more than 90 minutes of sleep at a time. When Harry tried to sleep, he would have nightmares of Cedric's cold, empty eyes as his lifeless body fell to the ground, and Voldemort's burning read eyes as he rose from the cauldron he was reborn in. When Harry was awake, he would drift off into daydreams (or were they visions?) of a room in the Ministry of Magic, a room with shelves containing hundreds of spheres. At least one of those spheres had Harry's name on it. Loneliness wasn't the only emotion eating at Harry. Harry felt at times that every negative emotion, especially guilt and anger, were trying to get the best seat in his brain from which to cause havoc. In the end, they all succumbed to the Emptiness. Guilt and anger were strong, but even they had to yield to the vast sea of Emptiness inside Harry. Before Hogwarts, Harry had learned how to survive the Emptiness. Now, he seemed to forgotten how. But this situation was nothing new. Dudley had taken Harry's friends when they attended primary school. Now it was Dumbledore's turn. Obviously, years of having friends had made Harry complacent. He needed to remember: no friendship lasts forever. "Everyone leaves in the end." Harry remembered something he had read when he was eight: "Loneliness is fueled by fear of abandonment." When he read that, Harry had realized, the only way to win the takers' game was to not play - not care. They couldn't something from you that you didn't have and didn't want. Harry found peace with his situation by embracing the motto "I'm alone; I can't be abandoned." Maybe he needed to re-learn that lesson. Before Hogwarts, insults from people like Marge and Malfoy wouldn't affect him. But now, they could control Harry through his reactions to their words. When had Harry given up control of his actions to people like Malfoy? On the other hand, back then, Harry didn't realize all he was missing. Harry had seen couples at Hogwarts, pairs of people who snuggled, held hands, kissed. Nowadays, Harry yearned for someone he could talk to, a girl who understood him and his messed-up life and wanted to be with him anyway. Harry realized now that he had missed a great opportunity with Parvati last year. Maybe if Harry had paid proper attention to her at the Yule Ball rather than being an arse, he and Parvati could have dated. But Harry knew he was torturing himself with thoughts of something he'd never have. Parvati (and Hermione and Ginny) didn't even have a clue how screwed up life could get. They had families, support. They had adults they could have faith in. They would never experience the crap he faced every day. Why did Dumbledore and Harry's friends abandon him? Harry could think of a half dozen ways to trade messages without using an owl; Hermione probably knew a hundred ways. Did they really think Voldemort would rifle through the muggle post, or bug his phone? Honestly! Didn't they trust Harry? Had anyone currently living on Earth faced Voldemort as many times Harry had? (Four times so far!) No one except maybe Dumbledore or Moody. So why the hell would the headmaster exclude him now? Had Dumbledore actually done anything at all in the last four years? Did he get Harry out of the tournament? Did he get Sirius a trial? Did he even attempt those two things? It seemed to Harry that Dumbledore was relying on him to do all the dirty work. With a chill, Harry suddenly understood. His scar hurt for a reason. Voldemort must know about their link. Maybe the link wasn't one-way. Harry could see through Voldemort's eyes. What if Voldemort could see through Harry's eyes? That's why Dumbledore couldn't trust him. What Harry knew, Voldemort knew. In retrospect, Harry thought it should have been obvious. Right after his resurrection, Voldemort had touched Harry right on the scar, causing Harry extreme pain. Voldemort knew about their connection through the scar, and now he was using it. But what was Dumbledore doing about it? Was the headmaster going to leave Harry to figure it out and fix it, just like always? Maybe that's what Sirius' message meant: Harry needed to stay safe and let Dumbledore handle it. After some thought, Harry decided he would give Dumbledore and the other adults in his life one more chance. Upon making that decision, Harry tried to think of things he needed to do while he waited for word from Dumbledore's lot. Train - Harry needed to train physically and mentally for whatever was coming next. Organize - he needed to go through his stuff and be ready to move. Before any of that, there was something Harry had been putting off for four years. It was time he took care of it. Harry turned to the only true, constant companion he'd had in his life, his owl Hedwig. Harry had to endure the Dursley hellhole, but it was wrong of Harry to force her to endure it. Harry wasn't certain who the best caregiver for Hedwig would be. She was fairly distinctive; everyone at Hogwarts knew Harry Potter's owl on sight. Keeping Hedwig might make the person a target of Voldemort and his lackeys. Rather than make that decision, Harry chose to return Hedwig to the person who originally chose her - Hagrid. Who better to take care of a non-human companion? Harry wrote a quick letter to Hagrid, telling the gentle giant how poorly the Dursleys treated Hedwig and asking that Hagrid find Hedwig a new home. Having finished the letter, Harry turned to Hedwig and steeled himself for the next part. He was expecting Hedwig to be very displeased. "Hedwig, I need you to do one more thing for me. Please take this letter to Hagrid and then stay with him until he finds you a new home. If for some reason you can't find Hagrid, please find yourself a new human to take care of you." Hedwig barked at Harry, clearly expressing that he had gone mad. Harry did his best to channel McGonagall as he responded, "I'm serious, Hedwig. You can fly out on your own, or I can put you in your cage and ship you to Hogwarts on the Knight Bus." Hedwig expressed her displeasure even more loudly, but finally grabbed the letter and took flight. Harry felt another part of himself die as his last friend flew away. As Harry watched Hedwig fly away for the last time, it really hit home that he was on his own. First thing Harry needed was a plan. But, even before that, he needed to have a word with his relatives. Harry went downstairs to find his aunt; talking to her would be quicker and simpler than talking to his uncle. "Aunt Petunia?" Petunia stepped out of the kitchen and responded "What do you want, boy?" "I wanted to discuss the summer with you. Now that Voldemort's back-" Petunia's eyes went wide. "-I have a lot of training to do. Of course, I can't do magic here, but I have a lot of studying and exercise to do." "He- he's back? The one that killed Lily?" she asked quietly, as though afraid someone would hear her. "Yes, he returned at the end of this last school year. As I was saying, I'll do all of the normal outside chores, but as for the indoors chores, I'll only have time for the weekly linen wash." Harry could see indignation and fear warring on Petunia's face, so he quickly finished what he wanted to say. "Since I'll be doing less work, I'll buy my own food and otherwise fend for myself. You won't have to see me or deal with me outside of those chores." "Fine then," she responded tersely. "I'll tell Vernon." "One last thing, I'll be leaving on my birthday and I won't be coming back." Harry turned around and returned to his room before Petunia could say anything further. Once back in his room, Harry started to plan. Harry decided that, if Dumbledore and his merry minions didn't help Harry before his birthday, he would go to Gringotts, who were well known for wards and cursebreaking. He would hire a professional cursebreaker to examine his scar and deal with it. Maybe, if Harry was lucky, he'd survive the whole thing. Maybe, if Harry was really lucky, this could hurt Voldemort. It wasn't much of a plan, but it was a plan. In fact, it was probably the most complex, well thought out plan Harry had ever concocted. Harry created a daily schedule that he'd adapt as well as possible to every day this summer. The day was divided into alternating two-hour blocks of study and exercise for twelve hours per day. This would leave time for chores, meals, showers, etc. Harry created an exercise regimen that included push-ups, pull-ups (using his hovering Firebolt as a pull-up bar), sit-ups, and running. Before planning out his studying, Harry decided