Full Summary: : Since the muggle's discovered the wizarding world, everything went simply downhill. Their technology too advanced to be stopped by spells, one by one every magical being was murdered in one way or another, leaving the world bare of wizarding kind. What the muggles had failed to understand was how essential wizards were for their own world, leading to the destruction of not only their universe, but multiple others they had no knowledge of existed. Once again the world turns to The Boy Who Lived to be saved from destruction. Born in July 31st 1981, Harry's life begins once again, not much different from his former one... until his Hogwarts letter arrives and Harry's life is turned upside down from start. Disclaimer: Sadly enough, I do not own Harry Potter v.v. All characters belong to JK Rowling (except for a few OCs here and there). I earn nothing of this, I'm simply writing it for my own pleasure. With that said, pls don't sue me . Warnings: This is going to be MalexMale (HPLV as the main pairing) so don't like don't read. As of now I don't know the extent of how violent this fanfiction is going to get, but I'll warn you each chapter for any triggers. Rated: M (just for safety!) Beta: Not betaed and I have no beta so yeah, there are probably gonna be mistakes ^^' A/N: This is the first HPLV fanfiction that I'll be posting here. I came up with this idea a few days ago and have been outlining the story and finally finished the first chapter. I have no clue where this will be going, I'm just gonna write with the flow and hope that it's gonna make sense at some point xD Don't expect Harry and Voldemort to fall in love at first sight, cause that ain't gonna happen in this story. There will be quite a good number of chapters before they start getting into each-others pants (I'm dreading the time when I'll have to write those scenes x.x). I hope you'll enjoy this chapter and please leave me your thoughts. Chapter 1: The interference of Death "How could it have gone so wrong..." After Voldemort had been finally destroyed the wizarding world returned back to its peaceful days. The laws slowly began to change, more and more muggleborns entering the wizarding world and therefore bringing the muggle world closer. The purebloods began to stop their prejudices, the word mudblood frowned upon all. More halfbloods were born, the new fresh blood bringing forth a much more powerful generation of wizards. Harry Potter was living the most perfect life, working his dream job just like his father had done as an Auror, having a beautiful and loving wife who gave him his most precious children and seeing his friends and family just as happy as him. But the peaceful days were numbered. This seemed to always be the case... Fate just loved to play with the universe. When something good lasted for too long, a disaster was soon to follow. However this disaster was beyond bad. This time it wouldn't take just a few lives. Oh no, that would have been rather generous. This time, the destruction of the entire universe was on the line. And not just this one universe. Death watched as soul after soul was brought into his domain, awaiting to be guided into the other side of the world. However, at this rate there would be no longer another world. Muggles had found out about the wizarding world and had not taken the abnormal human looking creatures very kindly. They had not greeted them with open arms as the wizarding world had awaited them. They had become afraid of the additional race. No longer being the top of the food chain as wizards and witches took the top of the pyramid instead. They felt threatened, their dominance in this world at stake. And therefore they had to take actions. The technology of the muggles had advanced vastly. Their weapon far too powerful for spells to hold them back. Magical people were massacred by muggles left and tight, decreasing the number of the already few wizards drastically. The horrifying events that took place destroyed all wizarding kind, people realizing that perhaps the once Dark Lord had not been wrong for scorning the muggles. They were a cruel folk. Mercy was not a word they shared in their vocabulary. And eventually, the last wizard gave his final breath, earth now completely void of wizarding kind. The muggles had reached their goal. The balance had been destroyed. Death frowned as he watched souls enter his realm in bunches. "What is this?" He heard the calm voice of a male. And so, his master had arrived. "This is the passage where souls pass and are transferred into a new universe" Death explained. "Will that happen to me too?" "No..." Death replied. Silence. Death watched as Muggles fell ill. The cause of the illness unknown, leaving even the best doctors and physicians baffled. There was no cure. There would be o cure. They would all die. "Why?" he asked. "Because you are my Master." Death replied once again and finally faced Harry Potter. "You should have not killed yourself." "Everyone else wasn't there anymore." Harry shrugged. "What are those?" he said as he looked at the many lights gathering inside the room which was being monitored. "Souls." "Why are there so many?" "Because the balance has been broken." "Broken?" "Indeed..." Death said with a frown. Even though Harry had been curious as to why he was there when he clearly had killed himself and should be very much dead right now, the cloaked figure in front of him was starting to annoy him with his short answers. It seemed like he was getting no explanation if he didn't ask. "Won't you tell me more?!" he demanded. "You wouldn't understand, Master." Death simply replied. Master... He (for the voice was too low for it to be female) had said it once before when Harry had asked if he would be reborn. However he did not know that he could never be reborn, for he would always remain Harry Potter. "Who are you?" finally, the question he had been awaiting. "Death." Harry's eyes widened immediately understanding. The deathly Hallows had chosen him... And he had thought he had finally left them all behind. He laughed. "What happens when the balance is broken?" Harry finally asked when the bitter laughter finally died down. "We will all cease to exist." "Your answers are too short!" "Then order me to be more detailed Master." Death replied. Harry simply glared at the dark figure. "Can the balance not be restored!" he tried to ask calmly, but failed to do so. Death chuckled. "The Original Universe is on the verge of destruction, the rest are already following its lead." "You did not answer my question!" "No." "Why?" he was starting to get frustrated. "Because the Original Universe is getting destroyed." "Can't you save it?!" a chuckle was given him as an answer. "I'm Death" Silence once again. "There has to be a way!" Harry shouted. "There is." "Then why did you say it can't be saved!" His frustration and anger rising. "Because it's doomed to happen again. Fate has already decided." "If you don't try then you'll never know!" "It is not me who has to try." For the first time in the while conversation, Death closed the distance between him and his master, now facing each-other. "A dementor!" Harry shouted taking a step back as he finally saw the hideous face of the cloaked figure in front of him. "Wrong. I am Death." once again silence followed, Harry continuing to distance himself. Death sighed at his Master's actions. "Dementors are images of myself created by a necromancer. " "How...?" "It does not matter. The World is being destroyed." Harry's anger rouse. "THEN STOP IT!" he shouted. Should he truly do it? His freedom would forever be lost. An eternity under the command of someone else... However, with The World at the verge of ending, he would not exist for long... A sigh escaped Death. "I cannot stop it." Harry was about to charge at Death and beat him down the good old muggle way but it seemed like Death had not been finished yet. "But you can, Master." Harry's anger soon got replaced by confusion. Death hated explaining things and this would probably be the longest explanation he had ever given. Once again he sighed. "Let me start from the beginning, Master. The World is made out of multiple universes. Each one is different from one another but at the same time very similar. Or more specifically, similar to the Original Universe. The Original Universe is where you died from..." "What makes the Original Universe the original one?" Harry asked, finally getting some explanations. "Please don't interrupt me Master, I had the impression your former professor McGonagall had taught u to leave questions for last. But since you asked and it goes with my explanation I shall answer you. What made the Original Universe the original as you said, is that it contained you, Harry Potter, and Tom Marvolo Riddle." "WHAT?! VOLDEMORT?" Death simply looked at his Master in annoyance. He did not like being interrupted again! "Yes, Master. The Original Universe is the only universe where you and the so called Voldemort exist at the same time." "What is so special about that?" Death simply shook his head, his Master was an impatient man. "It is unknown even to us beings, only Fate knows the answer. For some reason each alternate universe had been destroyed either by your hand or by his. Fate holds you both in high regards. Going as far as to even announce you soulmates." "SOULMATES?! BUT I LOVE GINNY!" "Master! Please don't interrupt me again!" The words were said slowly in a very dark tone. Harry quickly apologized as Death was losing his patience with him just as Harry himself had been losing his patience with Death a few moments before. "Yes. Tom is your soulmate. Usually when ones soulmate dies they refuse to continue living as the emptiness left by the broken bond is too much to handle. However, in some rare cases the alive partner chooses to continue living, bonding themselves with another soul. Of course they would never be as good as a soulmate, the emptiness would never be completely filled. But it is good enough for them not to take their own lives. And having an offspring further fills the gap. It is quite mysterious though how you still maintained your sanity when you were the one to even kill the one person who basically shared a soul with you. Fate truly loves playing games, though this time she chose the wrong Universe to play in and therefore putting the whole world in danger." Death shook his head and frowned. "So back to the topic. To actually save The World, we need a new Original Universe. It must be most similar to the original, though at some point it must drift off the timeline of the Original's and hopefully into a better future where the balance of The World will be restored, or in that case maintained. And in order to fulfill that, you and Tom must be born in the same Universe once again. But this time, you cannot kill each-other no matter the reason. For only when you both exist, it's then when disaster can be prevented." "How can Voldemort be part of the balance! He wants to kill the muggles!" "You are prejudiced, Master! You have been manipulated, you think too narrowly! Though muggles must never be extinguished, they must not be introduced to the wizarding world either! Once wizards and muggles lived in harmony, but the muggle world has changed vastly. You yourself must know best what muggles are capable of and