This was my submission for The Blue Watch contest (www . fanfiction u / 5148797 / TheBlueWatch), in which it won the "Storm That Chilled Me to the Bone" award from TKegl. Thanks to her and the other judges for hosting this contest. Very special thanks and much love to my dear friends luvrofink and Dave, who beta'd this story for me. It was my first attempt at writing something scary, and I couldn't have done it without them. "Thanks, Angela. I really appreciate you and Ben looking after my furry little boy this weekend." Angela's smile grew wider as Bella hugged her cat once more before passing him over to her former roommate for safekeeping. "No worries!" she chirped. "You know I adore Joshy." Josh purred and curled his claws appreciatively into Angela's thick sweater as she tickled him under his chin. Traitor , Bella thought fondly. "So you're going up to Mike's cabin up in the mountains?" Angela's eyes twinkled at the thought. "Yeah. Mike's idea of making it up to me for being pretty much absent over the last couple of months." When Angela grinned wildly at her, her eyes wide with innuendo, Bella laughed at first, but then she shook her head and grimaced. Angela's expression changed to one of concern. "What's up, girl?" "I dunno." Bella sighed. "I mean, yeah, it'll be nice to get away, and I'm particularly looking forward to spending time at the cabin, but…" "But…" her friend urged. "I can't help but think that this is our last chance, y'know? With Mike's being away so much the past several weeks, it's given me time to think." "What, that maybe he's not the one?" "Yeah. Pretty much." Bella shrugged. "But I do want to give him a chance. We should talk it out." "And in the meantime, you get all comfy up in the mountains and get laid." "Angela!" Bella aimed a harmless swipe at her friend's shoulder, and they both laughed. "Well, let's be honest here. It's supposed to snow this weekend. You're not gonna be doing much other than getting cozy in front of the fire. Am I right?" Bella rolled her eyes as she reached for the front door of the apartment. "I'm taking my skis with me." "Ha! I doubt you'll get any use out of them." "We'll see. I do not plan to just sit around the entire time we're there." Angela snorted. "Believe what you want, Bella. You forget I've known Mike Newton a lot longer than you have. He's a complete horndog. Always has been." Bella shook her head again in response and opened the door. "Say goodbye to your mama, Josh." The cat's claws left a snag in Angela's sweater when she picked up his paw to move it back and forth as if he were waving. Bella tickled the cat one last time under the chin. "Bye, Angela. And don't do that to my cat. It's undignified." She winked as Angela laughed, the joyful sound following her down the hallway as she left. oOoOoOo Sure enough, when Mike pulled up in his Forester in front of Bella's building, he took one look at Bella's cross-country skis and poles and smirked. "You're not going to be needing those." He grinned at her. "I've got the only pole you need, baby." Bella gave him a playful scowl as together they put her things in the back of his car. "In fact, I don't really think you need all these clothes, either." Bella laughed and shook her head as they both climbed into the car, but inwardly she groaned. Mike's comments weren't unexpected, but at the same time, Bella did have certain hopes and expectations for their weekend alone. She hadn't been lying to Angela when she'd said she was having second thoughts about her relationship with Mike, and when Mike had suggested they get away for a long weekend so they could "reconnect," Bella was pleasantly surprised and hopeful. Now she was getting the impression that Mike's intentions were a bit more shallow than hers. Their two-hour journey north out of Seattle passed with little discussion between the two, the radio providing the only sound beyond that of the traffic. Bella watched the interstate fly by; not until they left it behind and began traveling east toward the mountains did concrete and steel give way to farmland and trees. They climbed gradually into the Cascades, eventually catching sight of altitudes that remained snow-capped even at the height of summer. As they went farther east and up, patches of lingering white from earlier snowfalls grew larger and more frequent. They finally pulled into a gas station that marked the last real point of civilization before heading onto the back roads and tracks that led to the Newtons' cabin. Though they'd brought groceries with them for their short stay and they were only another twenty or so minutes away from their final destination, Bella was craving the warmth of coffee to wake her up from the journey and needed to stretch her legs. She wandered into the shop while Mike refueled the SUV and purchased a couple of small propane tanks for the cabin's generator; it wasn't much, but they didn't need it for heating, and they were only going to be there for a few days. Bella had just grabbed one of her favorite chocolate bars to go with her cup of joe when the bell over the shop door jingled. "Well, if it isn't Mike Newton! You look just like your dad." "Hey, Mr. Black." Mike greeted the man behind the counter with a smile and a handshake. "Haven't seen you in a long time." "No, indeed. In fact, long enough that I think you can drop the 'Mister.' You're old enough now to call me Billy." Bella wandered up to the counter to stand next to Mike. Billy was a tall, older man with long, black hair and dark, slightly almond-shaped eyes, obviously of Native American descent; he smiled at her, and Mike slipped his arm around her waist. Bella just managed to stop herself from rolling her eyes at the unnecessarily possessive gesture. "This your girl?" the man asked. "I'm Bella Swan." She stuck her hand out to shake the man's hand before Mike could introduce her. "Nice to meet you, Bella." Billy's hand was warm and calloused against her own. "What are you kids doing up here this time of year? Going up to your dad's cabin?" "Exactly. Bella and I wanted to get away for a long weekend with no interruptions." Mike threw a not-so-subtle wink at Billy and pulled Bella closer. Bella plastered a smile on her face and slowly pulled away, placing her items on the counter as an excuse. Why don't you just pee on my leg and be done with it? Billy shot her a look of concern that was lost on her boyfriend, and Bella, contrite, gave the man a genuine smile. She didn't want to give him the wrong impression. She was here by choice, and though Mike's somewhat caveman behavior wasn't winning him points, they hadn't talked yet about her concerns for their relationship—which was more her fault than his. She could have started the discussion on the drive up to the mountains, but she hadn't. "Is this everything?" Billy rang up Bella's snacks as well as their fuel, and Mike swiped his card. "Before you head back out, I should probably tell you…" Billy's deep voice trailed off, and the couple waited for him to continue. "There was an incident a couple weeks ago, just after Christmas, about fifteen miles north of here up near Newhalem." Bella frowned. "An incident? What kind of incident?" "Maybe 'incident' isn't the right word. I don't know." Billy rubbed the back of his neck with one hand. "One of the forest rangers… Something happened. No one knows exactly, whether he got lost, got himself injured, or what. "Thing is, this ranger, he knew his way around the back country and knew how to handle himself overnight out in the wild, even in winter. He'd usually tell someone if he planned to be out that long, but he didn't always, so when he didn't check in by nightfall, no one really thought anything of it. "But when he didn't turn up after a couple of days, they sent out a search party. When they found his body, he'd been chewed up pretty bad. Mountain lion, the rangers are saying." Bella gasped, clapping a hand over her mouth, and Mike curled his arm around her shoulders. "Sorry, Bella." Billy twisted his mouth in apology. "Anyway, the rangers are saying it's a mountain lion that killed him, but thing is, mountain lions rarely attack adults. Plus, this guy, he had his gun on him, and it was still loaded when they found him. I reckon he died first, and a mountain lion found him after. "But what actually killed him… That was no mountain lion." "That's terrible…" "I hate to have to tell you folks something like that. I just want you to be on your guard while you're up at the cabin, all right?" Mike let out a puff of air and grimaced. "Right. Well, thanks, but there's no need to worry about us. It's not like we're planning on doing much outside while we're up there. Right, Bella?" Mike winked at her with a cheesy grin, and Bella inwardly sighed. "No, I guess not." They thanked Mr. Black again and headed back out to the car. As Mike and one of the mechanics loaded the propane tanks in the back, Bella sat and shivered in the front seat; the heat from her coffee did little to suppress the chill running through her. Yes, it was frigid outside, but Billy's tale of the forest ranger sent the cold straight to her bones. Bella was familiar with the dangers of being out in the wild, but there was something about this story that didn't sit right with her. A blast of arctic air hit her when the door opened and Mike climbed in behind the driver's seat. She trembled again from the cold, folding in on herself to ward it off. "Let's get going." Mike grinned at her, his pale blue eyes twinkling with excitement. "Have you seen the sky? It's going to start snowing soon." Just beyond the gas station they crossed a river via an old truss bridge. After about another half mile, they turned off to the right onto a narrow drive, which quickly began to climb. The wide band of whitened sky above them shrank to a narrow ribbon as the surrounding firs and pines choked out the slumbering oaks and maples. Around a couple of tight curves, they turned left onto a dirt track which continued to burrow through the thickening evergreens. The ride was rough and bumpy, more so than Bella remembered it from her previous visit back in the early summer; bushes and undergrowth scraped against the side of the car, and more than once their car shuddered across patches of ice. After about ten or fifteen minutes of slow going up the track, the cabin finally emerged underneath the shadows of the surrounding trees. It was almost camouflaged in its setting; very little light filtered down from above, and one tree grew so close to the house that the front porch was built around it. The exterior was made of split logs, the roof of cedar shingles, and the shutters had been painted a dark green, all of which served to further blend the cabin into the landscape. Mike pulled to a stop in the small cleared area to the left of the house. He shut off the engine and turned to Bella, a boyish grin splitting his face. He clapped his hands together. "We're here!" He bounded out of his seat and headed toward the back of the car. "Come help