Hello Readers! So, finally, it's the Holiday Season! Here's a little Christmas one-shot for you. I'd written this for the Mistletoe Contest. Thanks PTB for beta'ing. A huge thanks to the wonderful dazzled eyes22 for pre-reading this :) And finally, thank you to all those who voted/reviewed/favorited/followed this story in the contest! DISCLAIMER - The author does not own any of the publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. I woke up to the feeling of warm lips placing soft kisses along the length of my spine. I squirmed and giggled as they reached that ticklish spot at the small of my back. I opened my eyes and turned to face my boyfriend, who gave me a wide grin and leaned in to peck my lips softly. "Good morning, beautiful," Edward whispered. I smiled and stretched. "Mmm…good morning." My hand went to the back of his head and I ran my fingers through his bronze locks, pulling his lips to mine in a soft kiss. He pulled away after a minute, but I didn't complain. I knew he had to be at the office early today. "Have you finished packing?" he asked me. It was the day before Christmas, and we were heading to Forks to celebrate it with Edward's family. "Almost, just a few things left." "Great. I just have that one presentation for the day. I'll be home by three, and then we can leave for Forks." He gave me my favorite crooked smile before getting up and heading into the bathroom to get ready. I stayed in bed for a few more minutes, then got up and headed to the kitchen, getting started on our breakfast. I had a stack of pancakes ready by the time Edward came in and we sat down to eat. He talked about the presentation, regarding the latest advertising campaign his company had designed for a leading fast food chain. I told him about my plans to go shopping with Alice. He chuckled at that. "You're going shopping with the pixie? If we want to be home for Christmas tomorrow, love, we have to leave this afternoon. Are you sure you'll be done by then?" Clearly, he knew his little sister well. I rolled my eyes, and said, "I'm already done with my shopping, but Alice always keeps coming up with something or the other that she needs to buy. Last night, she said that she needs me to choose one of few dresses she liked since she is unable to do it herself. Knowing her, she'll end up buying more than one, regardless of what I say. Don't worry, though. If she's not done by 2pm, I'm leaving her there and taking a cab home." He laughed at my disgruntled expression and stood up. "That's a good idea, love. Alright, I've got to leave now. I'll call you when the meeting's over." He leaned down and pecked my lips. "Love you. Bye." "Love you too, Edward." He picked up his laptop bag and I bid him goodbye as he left. After clearing up the table, I took a shower. I dressed in my most comfortable pair of jeans and put on a blue, long-sleeved t-shirt. Then, as I packed up the remaining items, my eyes fell on Edward's suitcase. My eyes narrowed as I looked at the little lock on the chain. He'd informed me that his gift was in there and he didn't want me to get the slightest idea of what it was. He knew I was not a fan of surprises, but he seemed really excited and even giddy about what he'd found for me. I just hoped he didn't spend a lot of money on it. I was very curious, but for once in my life, I didn't want to ruin the suspense. Edward's happiness was far more important, so I let it go. At 11:00, I donned my thick coat and headed to Alice's office. She had started her own event management company a couple of years back. Since it was just a few blocks away, I decided to walk. When I reached there, the receptionist, Kim, smiled and informed me that Alice was alone in her office, so I could go in. I thanked her and went in the direction of Alice's cabin. I was about to knock on the door when I heard her high-pitched squeal from inside. "Oh, I'm so excited, big brother. I can't wait to plan the wedding!" I froze, my hand still raised to knock. Emmett was the eldest of the Cullen siblings, but he married Rosalie Hale almost twelve years ago. She was talking to Edward- of course she was. "Of course, she'll say yes. I know what she said at the time, but it's been years since then. I'm sure she'll be really happy. You're proposing on Christmas; it's so romantic!" My mind processed the information slowly. Edward was planning to propose. Marriage. That was his big surprise for me. On Christmas. In front of his family. . . . . And I was going to say no. My heart pounded furiously and my breath hitched as I realized that the day I'd been dreading for years was finally here. I shook my head to clear my thoughts and then quickly turned around and walked away. With shaking fingers, I sent off an apologetic message to Alice, making an excuse about some last minute errand, opting out of the shopping trip. I walked back home in a daze and plopped down on the couch in the living room, my thoughts running haywire. I knew it would happen sometime. The thought was always there in the back of my mind that a day would come when Edward would be tired of accommodating my fears, when he would want more than what I could give him. We'd been together for over ten years now, since we'd met in senior year at Forks High School. I'd moved to Forks to stay with my dad, Charlie Swan, after my mother Renee's third marriage ended in a bitter divorce. Soon after, she met Phil Dwyer- a minor league baseball player. I was tired of her flighty nature, and she wanted to travel with Phil for his games. So, I moved from dry, sunny Phoenix to the little rainy town in Washington. Upon arriving in Forks, I realized that my father had put up a show of happiness every time I'd met him during vacations. Living with him every day, I could see and feel his loneliness- his misery. Although Renee had lost interest in him, Charlie had never stopped loving her. He'd only let her go because he couldn't stand to see her miserable in his little town and their simple life. Renee had always wanted big things in life, and he didn't want to stand in the way of that, no matter how much it hurt him. That was when I'd forever lost any belief I had in the institution of marriage. Having witnessed my father's plight, I could never lose faith in true love. I'd always believed it existed, and I had found it with Edward, but I'd seen it over and over: the magic of love ruined somehow by the expectations in a marriage. Edward and I attended UDub in Seattle and moved in together after college, but I'd told him repeatedly in the beginning about my views on marriage. He knew it wasn't in the cards for me, and he had accepted it. He told me he could live without a legal certificate as long as he had me for the rest of our lives, which I happily promised him. I'd hoped that loving him with all my heart would be enough. Yet, in the back of my mind, the fear always lingered that one day he'd want to move forward in our relationship. I'd always pushed those thoughts away, though, because I knew that I would lose him when that happened. And now, my nightmare was turning into my reality. I had no idea how to deal with it. I didn't know how I'd cope if he left me, but I also didn't know how to let go of the notion I had believed in for so long. Could I do it? Could I be a good wife to Edward if I doubted the very idea of marriage? I didn't think so, and knowing that, if I went ahead with the wedding, it would be the worst thing I could do to Edward. I was brought out of my morose thoughts when my phone chimed with a message. I looked at the time and realized that I'd been sitting there for almost two hours. I dropped my face into my hands and let out a frustrated groan. I looked at the message and found that it was from Edward. His meeting had finished earlier than expected, so he said would be home in about half an hour. I took a deep breath and put on a brave face, heading into the kitchen to make us some sandwiches for lunch. I decided to think about the issues only when I absolutely had to, putting on a happy mask in front of Edward and his family until then. Having worked in a pre-school for two years before I landed my current job in a private high school, pretending was something I could manage. No matter how much a child's constantly-changing moods affected us, we were required to always deal with them with a smile and endless patience. When Edward arrived, I used the same skills, smiling as widely as I could as he narrated how successful his meeting had been and that the client was happy with their proposals. I managed to deflect questions about Alice, telling him that I'd managed to bow out of the shopping trip with an excuse. He didn't question me further. We finished our lunch and headed out. A few hours later, Edward stopped the car in front of the Cullen house. It was beautiful with its ivory white walls and large glass windows. A colorful garden stretched out in the front. The house had a certain old-worldly charm, and on this day, it was decorated with series of little, multi-colored lights. A gorgeous wreath hung on the door. The Cullens took their holidays seriously. Ever since I'd met them for the first time, they'd warmly welcomed me into the family and I was glad for that. The special bond and love they shared was not something I'd experienced before, so I considered myself lucky that I could be a part of it. This might be the last Christmas I spent with them. I felt a sharp stab of pain when the thought entered my mind unbidden. With great effort, I suppressed it the best I could as Edward came to my side and opened my door. He took my hand and squeezed it gently. "Are you alright, love? You've been so quiet the entire ride," he asked me, concern etched on his fine features. I raised a finger to his brow, straightening away the worry lines there. "I'm fine, baby. Please don't worry. Just tired after a hectic week and ready to get into the holiday mode." He smiled at my reassurance and kissed my forehead, believing my explanation. "Okay. Let's get you inside and then you can rest. Well, after the family has had their fill of you." I giggled. "Like that's a hardship. You know I love your family." "I'm glad. And they are your family too, Bella." He wrapped an arm around my shoulders and we walked to the door. The door was opened before we could knock by Edward's mother, Esme. She let out an excited squeal, much like her daughter, and wrapped Edward and me in a tight, motherly hug. "I'm so happy to see the two of you," she said, pulling us inside the house. We