MEET THE MATE CONTEST PENNAME: ForeverRobsessed STORY TITLE: DISGUISED INTENTIONS SUMMARY: First date… Handsome guy, good food, conversation… Sounds perfect, doesn't it? PAIRING: EDWARD/BELLA BETA: ANTON M. PRE-READERS - Dazzled Eyes22 And Ipsita Chaudhuri RATING: M WORD COUNT: 3,680 My heels clanked sharply against the hardwood floor as I quickly made my way out of the elevator and into the restaurant. I wasn't late, per se. It was less than five minutes past the time we'd agreed upon but punctuality was something I took pride in. Still, I paused for a minute before I reached the hostess' desk. Taking a deep breath to calm my nerves, I spent another futile minute wondering why the hell this, dating that is, scared me to the point that I'd spent the whole of yesterday fretting over what would happen tonight after my brother dropped the bomb on me in the morning. " C'mon, Bella. You can't spend the rest of your life married to your job. You're 26, for God's sake and you live like you're… I don't know, forty, fifty, whatever. Look, my point is, you've got to get out there and live a little," he scolded. Or rather, whined. " I am living my life, Emmett. This is the way I want to live. Why can't you accept that? And you know exactly why my job matters to me more than anything else in the world and that is not going to change," I reminded him. His eyes softened. "Bellie, listen to me. I know what you want to do, but in the past few months, you've become far too obsessed with it. To the point that it's not healthy anymore. Rose and I, we're both worried about you. I've never interfered in your life before, but enough is enough. I am your big brother and it's my job to take care of you, especially since you're not doing it yourself." He reached out to put an arm around my shoulders. "Dad's not here to knock some sense into you, so he would expect that of me, right?" " Don't call me Bellie," I grumbled, pushing him away. "You don't play fair, bringing up Dad." " Never said I did." I rolled my eyes. "Whatever. So what do I have to do to get you off my back?" " You have to go on a date." I stared blankly, waiting for the punch line. When he didn't laugh or elaborate, I broke the awkward silence. "I'm sorry, what? You're kidding, right?" He sighed. "I know, I know. I'm desperate." He shrugged. "I chased away boys that followed you in school and now, I'm setting you up, but, really, you've left me no choice. You can't spend all your life alone, Bella. And the way you're going, I can see that you have no plans of changing your current loner status. So, I'm intervening." " You're crazy if you thi—" I broke off as Emmett's eyes tightened, his mouth flattening to a grim line. He was in his Cop mode, as I called it, since it was the same expression he wore while interrogating and negotiating with criminals that came into his police department. Cop mode meant serious business. My brother could be the goofiest of all in his personal life, but he was serious as hell when it came to his job. He could lecture me all he wanted but I knew that the reason he became a cop was the very same which had driven me to obsession in my own line of work. He was right, I knew he was. I'd go crazy if I continued to get so deeply involved in my… mission, I suppose you could call it, that I was cut off from my personal life. Emmett's deep, stern voice pulled me out of my reverie. "You are going on a date tomorrow evening. You will go out, have a good time and enjoy someone else's company besides your laptop and files. That is final, whether you like it or not. Is that clear, young lady?" I sighed. "Crystal. Who is the guy, if I may be so bold to ask, Detective Swan?" Elated by my agreement, Em relaxed instantly and smiled, his blue eyes twinkling. "He's a friend of mine. Edward Cullen." " Edward Cullen," I repeated. "And what does this Mr. Cullen do?" " Ah ah." The big oaf shook his head and pointed a finger at me for good measure. "I'm not telling you anything else. You can ask him all these questions tomorrow." " Are you crazy, Em? You want me to go on a date with someone I know nothing about?" I glared, attempting my best bitch face. I guess I needed to work on that expression more because Emmett was unfazed. "I know all the excuses you've given in the past. One of them was that you wouldn't have anything to talk about. So, there you go. You don't know anything about him, he doesn't know much about you. Break the ice with the little details and the conversation will flow right on." He looked so proud of himself that I couldn't help but giggle. " Alright, fine. I'll do it if it makes you that happy." " That's my girl!" He leaned in as if for a hug and pounded me on the back, hard enough to jolt me forward. He'd been doing that since we were kids and yet, he managed to take me by surprise almost every time. I narrowed my eyes and proceeded to tickle the shit out of him, our little routine never getting old. I smiled slightly at my thoughts, a little more relaxed than I'd been before. Emmett and Rose were all I had in this world and I knew that whatever they did, it was out of pure love and concern for me. "So suck it up," I mumbled to myself with a determined nod. "Um, Miss? Can I help you?" the hostess asked me with a hesitant smile. Probably wondering if I'm crazy. Talking to myself and head bobbing… crazy. "Hi, I'm Bella Swan," I said. "I'm here to see Mr. Edward Cullen." "Oh yes, Ma'am. He's waiting for you." She smiled politely. "I'm Maggie, your hostess for tonight. Please follow me." I fidgeted with the strap of my dress as we walked into the dining area. I'd pulled out this off-shoulder, plum cocktail dress from the back of my closet. It'd been so long since I'd worn a dress that the feel felt slightly foreign to me. I was more of a jeans and hoodie person, or a shirt at most when required at work. Emmett was right, I needed to get a life. Maggie led me to a table far back in the right corner of the room, right next to a huge glass window. The beautiful view of the twinkling lights of the Seattle skyline could not hold my attention for more than two seconds once my eyes landed on the handsome, no, breathtakingly handsome man waiting for me at the table. He turned just as we reached the table and stood up to greet me. Big bro did good was the first thought that passed through my head as I took in everything about my date for the evening. He was dressed in dark jeans and a pale blue shirt, with a pinstripe jacket over it. His hair was a delicious mess of copper, his skin paler than mine, and when he looked at me, his lips turned up into a crooked smile and his eyes, dark green, liquid pools, roamed over my face and crinkled at the corners with his charming grin. "Bella?" Trying to be as discreet as possible, I cleared my throat and placed my hand in his outstretched one. "Ye-yes. Hello, Edward. It's nice to meet you." "The pleasure is mine. You look beautiful, Bella." His voice was pure, melted honey as it caressed my name, sending a shiver down my spine. "Shall we?" He tugged at my hand gently, held out the chair for me, helping me settle, and took a seat across from me. "I'm sorry if dinner at nine is a little late for you. I just couldn't get out of my shift before that." "Oh no," I assured him. "It's perfectly fine. My job requires me to keep later hours too." He smiled. That same crooked smile with the crinkly eyes. "Yes, I would imagine. Emmett said you're a journalist?" "Yes, The Seattle Times. It's been four years now. What is it that you do, Edward?" His brow furrowed, though his lips still held the hint of a smirk. "Emmett didn't tell you that?" I sighed, rolling my eyes. "No, he didn't. When I asked, he replied that it'll give us something to talk about, you know, break the ice." He laughed, a rich, hearty laugh that caused me to let out a little chuckle, too. "Somehow, I'm not surprised. With Emmett? Nope, not surprised." "Hello." I was startled as a woman spoke from beside me. "I'm Jane, you server for tonight. Can I get you something to drink?" Edward motioned for me to go first. I thought about checking out the wine list, but decided to go for a Coke. I needed a clear head for tonight. So far, Edward Cullen seemed like a charming man and I didn't want to lose my inhibitions and do something stupid in front of him. Edward ordered the same and we were left alone once again. "So, where were we? Oh yes. My profession. I'm a doctor, well, a trauma surgeon." "Wow, that's impressive," I said genuinely. "Thank you." He was going to kill me with those smiles. "So how long have you known Emmett?" "It's been a couple of years, I think. We met while he was working on a case. There was an accident involved and he needed my medical opinion. We've been friends ever since," he told me. "Oh," I said, wondering why the hell Emmett or Rose had never mentioned him to me before. Maybe because you've never been interested? My inner rambling was interrupted when the waitress brought out our drinks and took our meal orders. After she left, I took a sip of the delightfully chilled Coke and moaned out loud. It was only when I heard a deep, husky chuckle that I realized where I was and what I'd just done. My cheeks flushed and I had to summon up all my courage to look him in the eyes. "Sorry." "No, no, carry on. Don't mind me. I've just… never seen anyone enjoy a glass of Coke so much." His voice was full of amusement. I shrugged, trying to play it off and appear casual, when I was anything but. "It's my belief that Coke tastes best only when it's chilled perfectly. And just the Coke, no ice because that just dilutes the taste and that's no fun. This one is just the perfect temperature." He nodded solemnly. "I will keep that in mind for future reference, my dear Coke connoisseur." I looked away as I gulped down another sip, cursing myself for my embarrassing reaction. A few seconds passed in silence. And why did I have to go ahead and share my… what did I say? "Belief"? Stupid! "Hey," he said softly. "Look at me, Bella." I couldn't ignore a request made in that earnest voice, so I nervously raised my eyes to his. "I was just kidding, you know that, right? You don't need to be embarrassed at all. I liked that you told me a little bit about yourself. That's what we're going to do tonight, isn't it? Get to know each other." He gave me a soft smile and held out his glass. I hesitantly smiled back and clinked it with mine. "There you go." My smile grew as big as his and I eased back into the chair, getting