A/N: Hey there! I've missed you all, and I'm so excited to share this piece with you. It was my contribution to the Fandom for Mental Health Awareness compilation, so those of you who donated might've read this already. To all the new readers, welcome aboard! Immense thanks to Ninkita and pixiekat7 for their impeccable editing skills. Big hugs to Pamela (drivingedward) for always cheering me on. Also, a note of thanks to purpleC305 for her valuable feedback. All remaining mistakes are mine. Fallingsnow Winter (Jennifer Jennings) created the lovely banner to go along with this story. Thank you, hon! DISCLAIMER – All publicly recognizable entities belong to their respective owners. No copyright infringement is intended. The plot belongs to the author. Alright, let's get on with it now. I looked at the clock sitting innocuously on my table and nibbled on my fingernail. Five hours to go. I shuffled the papers in front of me, trying to immerse myself in the legal jargon I was paid to make sense of, but the words flew right over my head, cramped as it was with the hundred scenarios that could play out this evening. "Hey, Bella?" I looked up to find my boss pushing open the door to my office. "Lauren," I greeted her brightly to hide my nerves. Judging by the way she stopped short, I probably overdid the cheerfulness. Moderating my tone to something hopefully closer to normal, I continued, "Did it go well with the Claytons?" She grinned, flicking her blond hair back with a satisfied flourish. "It went perfectly well. The terms were negotiated to our liking. All that's left for you to do is draw up the revised papers on Monday, and we'll be closing the deal latest by Friday." My eyebrows rose. "Monday? I can finish it right now." Lauren's brow puckered for a moment, but she immediately smoothed her hand over it. I'd known her long enough to know that this was something she did in hopes of avoiding wrinkles. The woman was a force to be reckoned with in board meetings, but she was as vain as they came. She was kind and understanding toward her employees, though, and that was all that mattered to me. The fact that she reapplied her mascara every couple of hours and coated her face with enough foundation to build up a whole new layer of skin were minor details. "Mr. Clayton isn't going to be available again before Tuesday, so we're not going to need the final draft before that," she assured me, or rather, thought that she was assuring me. She didn't know that my stomach was twisting into knots at her words and their implication. "You've worked your ass off this week, Bella. Take the rest of the day off. Maybe you should go pamper yourself at a salon." She reached out to grab my hand and inspected my nails. The state of my cuticles had her clucking in disapproval. "You're in desperate need of a manicure!" I snatched my hand back as blood rushed to my cheeks. "Are you sure? I don't need to leave early an—" "It's Friday, Bella! Go out, have fun, but before any of that, for God's sake, invest in some French tips." She looked toward my hand and shuddered. I'd been on the receiving end of Lauren's advice to go to a salon several times in the past. This was the first time I actually planned on taking it. I needed all the confidence in the world for what was to happen tonight. Maybe a little self-pampering would do me some good in that regard. "Alright," I sighed, grabbing my cell and placing it in my handbag. Lauren threw me a beaming grin. "Excellent," she exclaimed, sounding extremely pleased about sending me home early, no matter how I felt about it. My dejected expression was not enough to bring her down from her high. Lauren thought she was doing me a favor, when the truth was that she just took away the one distraction I was relying on to keep my mind away from what was coming. Four hours and forty minutes to go. "French tips, ma'am?" the perky girl before me asked, her lips stretching into a well-rehearsed, polite grin. "Yes, please." She grabbed a nail file and set to work. I placed my head back against the soft cushion affixed at the top of the chair and closed my eyes. Another thought popped into my head, prompting me to make a second request of Miss Perma-grin. "Maybe . . . I should get a pedicure, too." Her heavily made-up face retained its cheeriness. If anything, her smile just turned brighter. "Sure, we can do that, ma'am. We have Wendy who's a specialist at pedis." Specialist at filing toenails? I kept my opinions to myself, though. As was the norm, I shot Wendy a polite smile as she walked over to us and kneeled next to my chair, reaching for my feet. I looked around the salon, perusing the various services they had on offer. Probably sensing my hesitation, Perma-grin went in for the kill. "Would you like to get something else done, Miss Swan?" she suggested. "We offer excellent facials to enhance your complexion, protein packs for your lovely hair, as well as waxing services. There's also a tanning booth in the back room." I took another look around the large room, ladies in various stages of pampering obviously relaxing while using the services Perma-grin had mentioned. Just because I didn't do this often didn't mean that I couldn't, right? I needed to be as perfect as I could be for tonight. It's not like she was going to ask me to get a massage. I could handle all the things she'd mentioned. "Alright," I allowed, albeit a little nervously. "I don't need to get tanned, but I think I'd like to go for all the other services you mentioned." She nodded, somehow still keeping the smile affixed on her face. "Excellent, ma'am." She released my hand once she was done and left to secure a spot for me at each pampering station. I closed my eyes, willing my body to relax as they worked over me. Unbidden, the images from the dream I'd had this morning swirled in my mind. You know how sometimes you have such a beautiful dream that, when you're about to wake, you cling to the fading remnants of unconsciousness, just so that you could stay in that world for a little while longer . . . how you try to linger in that mysterious state between sleep and wakefulness for a few more minutes to hold on to those wonderful figments of your imagination . . . and how, even once you're awake, you close your eyes and lie in bed, unable to let those images go so soon? That's what'd happened to me. I was lying in Edward's arms, the heat of his naked body seeping into mine and his sandalwood scent mingling with my own to create a heady aroma that I knew I could never tire of. All I wanted in that moment was to stay there forever. But was it all too good to be true? Could I ever have that with him . . . with anyone? I opened my eyes with a sigh, dismissing my dream world and picked up my phone to peek at the display. Three hours and thirty minutes to go. I pushed the door open with a frustrated bang, taking care not to ruin my just-manicured nails. "Hey, Bel—" Rosalie, my roommate, stopped short at the sight of me, cocking her head to one side as she took in my appearance from head to toe. "What the fuck?" Yeah, she was not one to mince words. I rolled my eyes at her. "I believe I look much too put together to warrant those words." "Don't even . . . You look different, Swan and that's the point!" she exclaimed, brushing a hand over my cheeks and scrutinizing me through narrowed eyes. "Hair's done perfectly; you've obviously had a facial. Wait a sec . . . eyebrows, too?" Her own eyebrows rose to her hairline at that observation. "You hate getting your eyebrows done!" I watched in defeat as realization dawned on her face. "Is tonight the night with Edward?" she almost squealed. I sighed, throwing myself onto the couch. "I guess," I mumbled uncertainly, making my best friend frown. "Why so dejected?" She took a seat beside me and touched my arm. "I thought you liked him." "I do, Rose," I insisted. "That's why I'm worried! You know my problem." "Bella," she sighed. "You told me that your first date with this guy was the best one you'd ever had." "It was," I admitted. "He was so caring, so attentive. He listened to what I had to say, had the true manners and chivalry of a gentleman, and he talked so passionately about his job. The entire evening was like a lovely dream." "Plus, he's gorgeous as hell," she threw in with a wink. "That helps, too." I shot her a frustrated look, but then nodded. "That's just the icing on the cake, though. His voice, his eyes, his gentle manner of speaking . . ." I smiled to myself, thinking of that first evening I'd spent with Edward. "Whoa there!" Rosalie waved a hand before my eyes. "So, this guy is obviously a great listener and he's interested in you. I bet that if you tell him about your . . . issue, he'll understand, and the two of you could work it out." I rolled my eyes again. "Like it worked out so well with all my past boyfriends?" My thoughts went back in time, pondering the measly number of relationships I'd had. I was 26 years old, and you could count the number of men I'd had sex with on one hand. First, there was Mike Newton in my first year of college. He'd followed me around like a lost puppy, but as soon as we'd started to get hot and heavy, I'd flinched away from his wandering fingers, and he'd bailed on me soon after. After him came Tyler Crowley. Another one who'd persisted for a while until I'd accepted the offer of having drinks with him. Two weeks later, he had no idea how to deal with me laughing in the middle of sex. He started ignoring me and needed to get off so badly that he'd weaseled his way into my friend, Angela's bed soon after he found out about my . . . well, weakness was what I called it in my head. The three other guys who rounded out my list of sexual partners were much the same. And now . . . Edward Cullen had come along. He'd walked into my life just over two weeks ago. Our first meeting had been simple enough; we'd crashed into each other at a club I frequented with my friends, got to talking, and he'd asked for my phone number within an hour. Two days after that, we had been our first date in a cozy little restaurant, and Edward had kept me engrossed and intrigued throughout the meal. We'd spent more than a couple of hours in each other's company, only leaving when the waitress pointed out that it was past the closing time for the restaurant. I recalled the near-disaster that'd happened as we'd walked out toward his car . . . My hair fell over my face, dancing wildly in the blowing wind. I tucked the long strands behind my ear just as Edward reached out to take my other hand in his. His fingers entangled with mine softly. " I had a great time tonight, Bella," he murmured with a crooked smile that set my heart racing. " Me too," I responded. The breathy note in my voice surprised me,