DISCLAIMER : All publicly recognizable characters, settings, quotes, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: Hi there! This piece was written as a contribution to the EndoRead fundraiser compilation organized by Jolanda, aka Fairusa84. I'm excited to share it with you all now. This is an outtake/futuretake from my story, Fly With Me, which is available on my profile. Please note that while it would probably be *okay* to jump on to this without reading the original story, I think you would have a much better understanding of the characters if you read FWM. In short, I would suggest you read that first—which is around 9k words, so it won't take you long—before you dive into this one. Why did I post this separately then? Because Mina Rivera made me a banner that is all kinds of awesome and I wanted to show it off. Ffn only permits one image per story. *shrugs* Plus, that story is rated 'T' and this one . . . well, read on and find out. All pics related to this story, as well as Fly With Me can be found in my FB group: Fanfiction by ForeverRobsessed (Link available on my profile) I cocked my head to one side, trying to understand the mechanics of what was happening on the screen. Hand . . . there. Tongue . . . Hmm. Legs . . . spread so far apart as if one of them was aiming for New York and the other for Alaska. When I'd first fired up the laptop, my intention had been simple—research. But one thing had led to another, curiosity overrode practicality, and now here I was . . . gaping at things I'd never known existed, let alone imagine them being used on me. Alas, even my momentary disgust at certain aspects of the scene being played out before me wasn't enough to combat my morbid fascination with it. Engrossed as I was in the video, I lost track of my surroundings until a shriek pierced through the quiet. "Holy shit!" Instinctively, my hand flew to the screen, slapping it down before I spun around. Alice's hands were covering her mouth, her eyes still glued to where the . . . um, questionable acts were being performed. I bit my lip, wincing because I could literally feel the blush spreading across my cheeks, right up to my hairline. Still, I tried to push my chagrin aside and stepped closer to her frozen form. "Alice," I said, placing a hand on her arm. My voice was low, but it still managed to startle her. She jumped back and shook her head before turning to me. "What the hell?" she whispered, blinking quickly as if to dispel the image from her mind. "What the hell was he doing to her?" I shrugged. "I was trying to figure it out myself. But she seemed to enjoy it," I offered. Alice's eyes narrowed. "Better yet, what the hell were you trying to achieve by watching this stuff?" Her admonishment made my hackles rise. "Why did you barge into my room anyway? Why didn't you knock?" "I did! Twice!" She shuddered and plopped onto my bed. "You were too busy watching people do . . . weird things to each other to hear it." I held up my hands in surrender and settled beside her. "Sorry. Just take a deep breath, Alice. Flush it out of your mind." "That's going to haunt me in my dreams for the next few days at least." "Don't be such a drama queen." She grimaced. "Now that you've plastered it into my head, care to share what you were doing surfing a porn site? And such hardcore stuff at that?" I pursed my lips and scooted back to lean against the headboard, trying to buy myself some time. Alice was having none of it, though. She scooched in next to me, pinning me with an expectant gaze. I picked up a pillow and started tracing the floral pattern on it with my finger. Basically, it was just an excuse to keep my eyes away from her face, as I resigned myself to revealing my secret. "Edward and I . . ." I started, but then paused. "We're . . . well . . ." Alice's gasp made me look up. "Is he . . . is he into this stuff?" she whispered. Horror flashed on her face, and I was sure mine mirrored it as I shook my head. "No, no, no. God no," I assured her. "I wasn't looking for that in particular. Jus-just regular stuff. That's what we're going to do. This was just . . . well, I clicked on something by mistake, but before I could close the window, things started happening, and I couldn't look away! It was like a train wrec—" "Whoa! Back up!" She waved a hand in my face. "You said you're gonna . . . with Edward?" I couldn't stop a small smile from making its way to my face. "Oh my God!" Alice grabbed my hands. "Are you sure, though? You're ready for this? You're not rushing into it, are you?" "Of course not! We've been together for over three months now. We're heading to U-Dub next week. I'm ready. We both are." I looked down again. "And it's not like . . . I mean, we've done stuff . Just . . . not all the way. Yet." She squeezed my fingers gently. "I'm so happy for you. I always knew you guys would be perfect together if you'd just open your eyes to the possibility. But that—" she jerked a thumb toward my laptop, "—was bullshit. Seriously, if you go in after watching all that, you're gonna be in for the shock of a lifetime." I frowned, thinking back to all the skills acquired through the videos. How else was I supposed to know how to roll a condom onto my boyfriend and the fact that it excited the guy even more? Or the sounds . . . all were natural, but some were sexy and others were just . . . not. I needed to know how to make the right ones. Alice seemed to sense my turmoil. "Trust me, throw all that out the window," she insisted. "This isn't some test that requires prior preparation. You'll only drive yourself mad for nothing or set your expectations up this high." She raised her hand as far as it could go. My eyes went wide. "Was it really bad when you and Jasper . . ." I trialed off hesitantly, but thankfully, she wasn't affronted. "No, it wasn't bad at all," she told me. "It was just . . . a little bumpy. Sex is rarely, if ever as flawless as these guys like to portray and definitely not when it's your first time. It messes with your head if you go in imagining how perfect it's going to be, only to realize that reality is a lot different. Don't get me wrong, Bella. When you're with the right person, it's still beautiful and amazing . . . not necessarily perfect, but perfectly imperfect. It's something you have to learn together." She winked. "And after all the awkwardness of the first time is out of the way, you can practice all you want." I couldn't hold back my chuckle. "Let's just get the first time out of the way first, yeah? I can't even think about practice right now." "So when is this happening?" Alice asked excitedly. "Uh . . ." I stalled. "That's the part I'm not too sure you're going to enjoy." She frowned, puzzled, so I continued. "We were thinking . . . this Saturday." "My birthday party?" she squeaked, pressing a hand to her chest. "My God, you're really trying to give me a heart attack, aren't you? Next thing you'll tell me you're going to do it in my bed." I smacked her arm lightly. "Ew!" "What else am I supposed to say? You're going to skip out on my celebrations to get lucky after everything I did to organize the whole thing!" "Would you relax? We're not going to miss your birthday fest. We're just . . . thinking of sneaking out a little earlier." Still not completely mollified, she crossed her arms over her chest. "Tell me more." "Well, we'll spend most of the day with the group," I told her. "Brunch, and then we can catch a few performances at Symphony like you've planned. We don't have an exact schedule in mind, Alice. Just that we'll leave when the time seems right." I sighed glumly. "You know how hard it is to find a few moments to ourselves with parents hanging off our shoulders all the time. This is just the perfect opportunity to be alone for a while." She considered it for a few minutes. I grew more and more nervous as the seconds ticked by, but when her lips pulled up into a grin, relief coursed through me. "Okay, fine. You go get yours, girl!" She held out her fist, and I giggled, punching it with mine. "I assume you'll need my help for managing the accommodation." It was my turn to wink. "I'll sneak into his room myself. I just need you to make sure no one else expects to be sleeping there." Alice and I rehashed the whole plan throughout the evening, and then she shared a few more pointers about what I should expect my first time. She ended up staying for dinner, too, though no further discussion on the topic could be held with my father at the table with us. But it was a good thing he was there because it gave him a chance to speak to Alice about the weekend, hopefully alleviating his lingering worries. When Alice had first told me how she had planned to make her birthday special, my eyes had nearly bugged out of their sockets. I could hardly believe the lengths her parents were willing to go to fulfil her wishes. Apparently, she'd used the college card, reminding them how this was the last time she'd be home for her birthday. Plus, there was also some of the money she'd saved up from her job at Newton's that was hers to spend as she wished. Eventually, they'd reached some sort of an understanding, so our entire group was now headed to Seattle to attend the annual music festival Symphony on Saturday. Given the number and duration of concerts, we were all going to spend the night at a hotel in the city itself instead of driving back late at night. Her actual birthday was on Sunday, which she was going to spend with her family. Charlie had balked at the idea of an overnight stay. It'd taken several calls on the part of Alice's mother, as well a lecture from me about how I was a legal adult and would have to learn to live by myself in a week's time anyway to get him to agree. Still, there was the occasional grumble or suspicious glance he'd throw my way when the subject of the trip came up. I hoped that he'd get it all out of the system with Alice here. He didn't disappoint. Alice was a sport, calmly responding to all his queries. I was impressed at the way she didn't hesitate for a second while telling him that the girls and the boys would be bunking separately without any exceptions. Guilt gnawed at me as I watched my father nod at her trustingly. But we weren't doing anything wrong, were we? Well, except telling a few lies, but I didn't see a way around them. I reminded