A/N: A million thanks to NanaWillbur for reading this before anyone else and telling me that it's good enough to be shared with you all. Thanks to Pamela Lorraine for her willingness to join any journey I propose. And of course, Ninkita — Your edits are always a joy to read and apply. This wouldn't be half as good without you. Thanks a lot. The very talented Diane Lynne created a fantastic banner for this story. Big thanks to IllicitWriter for the beautiful E/B manip used in the design. DISCLAIMER : Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the author. No copyright infringement is intended. I heard a key jiggle in the lock, and the sound sent anticipation buzzing along my nerves. I couldn't see a thing through the blindfold Edward had put on me, but I felt the cool breeze caressing my skin, I heard the door open with an ominous creek, and I felt Edward's fingers wrap around mine as he started to lead me forward. "Where are we going?" "Almost there," he replied, and I could hear the excitement in his voice. I played along, placing my trust in him until we reached our destination. Edward quickly undid the band, and I blinked a couple of times before taking in my surroundings. My mouth fell open in a gasp as I took in the huge bookshelves that surrounded us and the few candles creating a dim glow around the otherwise dark place. "The college library?" I whispered to myself. When Edward had told me he wanted is to go somewhere special on his birthday, my work place would've been the last thing I'd imagined. I turned to face him, and the sight that greeted me made my breath halt in its tracks. He had removed his jacket, and it now lay in a puddle near his feet. His hands moved slowly, methodically, making their way down his buttons, revealing the hard planes of his chest as he went. I stood there, gaping, while he took his time, taking slow steps toward me. Anticipation coiled in my belly, spreading like wildfire along my skin as I started to retreat. A couple of steps and my back hit the bookshelf, while Edward placed his arms on either side of my head. "Wh-what are we doing here?" I almost squeaked. "You were talking in your sleep last week, sweetheart." His voice was a throaty rumble, nearly overwhelming my senses. "I know you've been thinking about us . . . and that bookshelf." I did recall that dream . . . I'd had it far too often. Every time I came in here to research for my lectures, actually. I just didn't know I'd shared it with him. "I kept waiting for you to tell me, but when you didn't . . . well, I thought I'd better take the matter into my own hands." I bit my lip, feeling the heat of my blush spread across my cheeks. "I didn't know . . . how to . . . say . . ." I shrugged weakly, as his nose skimmed over the line of my jaw. He hummed, letting go of the shelf to pull me closer. "Good thing I can read your mind then, huh?" I smiled, circling my arms around his neck. "Very good thing," I murmured, brushing my lips against his. I gasped when I felt myself being lifted, and instinctively wrapped my legs around his waist while he pressed my back against the bookcase. My breathing grew heavy, as he pressed his forehead to mine and looked right into my eyes. "How does this compare to the dream so far?" "It's so much better," I breathed, leaning in to kiss him, but he pulled back with a smirk. "Oh, sweetheart, you've seen nothing yet." With that, he crushed his mouth to mine. Lips slipped sloppily against each other, tongues stroked, teased, explored, and fingers dug into his soft skin as he rocked his pelvis – hard, and oh so ready – against mine. I vaguely registered the sound of the shelf rattling with our movements, but Edward's teeth tugged at my lower lip, making focusing on anything else virtually . . . no, completely impossible. I doubled my efforts on hanging on to him when he braced one hand behind my head to prevent it from banging against the wood, while he . . . well, banged into me. We broke apart from the kiss long enough to catch our breaths. He latched on to the skin over my collarbone, suckling it into his mouth before flicking it with his tongue. Impatient and eager for more, I freed one of my hands to clutch at the front of his shirt, ready to tear it apart, when suddenly, something hard fell on my head. "Aah!" "Bella?" Edward asked, alarmed. "Are you okay?" "Yeah, but it really hurt! Ow!" I let go of him to rub the spot on my head where the book had done its damage. "Wha—" Edward started to say, only to be cut off by another thwack as a second book fell right next to his feet. We both looked up, and I gasped in horror. A huge cardboard box was wobbling precariously at the edge of the top rack, and I watched as what looked like an encyclopedia dangled off the open end. "Move!" I screamed, and Edward barely had time to slip away with me as all the books and files inside the box came flying down to the floor. He was still holding me in his arms while we watched the shower of papers make their way onto the floor, wincing at each and every thwack and whoosh and swish until everything lay in a mountain of black and white exactly where we'd been standing less than a minute ago. The quiet felt incredibly strange once the show was over. Neither of us said a word, and just stood there instead, eyes wide, horrified, and fixated on the debris. "Did that just happen?" Edward whispered eventually. "Looks like it," I replied, just as quiet, as though a monster was about to jump out of the pile and eat us alive. We turned to each other, still blinking spastically, as we struggled to regain our bearings. That was all it took. His body shook once, then mine, then his again, until we both gave in to the laughter erupting out of our bellies. "Oh my God!" I choked out between my giggles, as Edward finally put me down. He braced his hands on his knees as he guffawed until he was panting for breath. Tears ran down my cheeks, and I wrapped my arms around my protesting stomach as the amusement refused to die down. Every time our eyes locked, one look was all it took to set us off our chuckles again. When we finally managed to sober up, he said, "I just wanted to fulfil your fantasy." He threw up his hands. "Looks like your dream might've turned out better, after all." I giggled, but stopped when I saw him frowning at the huge mess before us. I realized that he was genuinely upset about the gravitational fiasco. Before he could suggest another bookshelf and risk our lives again, I concocted a new plan. "Well," I said slowly, dragging out the word until he looked at me curiously. I reached to my side and started unzipping my dress. "This carpet looks pretty comfy, too." His eyebrows rose. "What?" "As long as we're here, and assuming we want to keep our heads still attached to our bodies, I think we need a different plan." "That we do, bu—" "Uh-uh." I shook my head, dropping my hand so that the dress pooled at my feet. I stepped out of it, and gave him what I hoped was a sultry look. "Not buts. The only butt I want to see is yours, so drop your pants, mister!" Clearly, my mind wasn't in control of my mouth anymore. Edward's eyes widened. "Wow. You're really not good at the talking part, are you?" I scowled. "Just shut up and kiss me." "Now that I can do." He grinned and took two long strides to draw me into his arms. He wasted no time in claiming my mouth, his hands gripping me close while his tongue glides, warm and needy against mine. The rest of our clothing fell away in a heap before we made our way down to the floor, his long body hovering over me. Our breaths were ragged, shallow, heated gasps, but the urgency in our movements had vanished. Edward pulled back, and a small smiled played on his lips as he stroked my cheek. "You're beautiful," he breathed, kissing me softly before trailing his mouth down my neck. My back arched when he cupped my breast in his palm, squeezing gently while his finger traced a languid circle around my nipple. He ducked his head to capture the taut bud between his lips, sucking and flicking his tongue around it while I moaned, gripping his hair, seized by a rush of sensation so intense that I felt I would shatter right there in his arms. He placed a wet, open-mouthed kiss over the soft mound before his lips followed the trail back to mine. "I want you," I gasped against his mouth, wrapping my legs around his waist. "I need you." "Fuck!" he muttered, grinding himself against my sensitive flesh, sending a ripple of pleasure along my nerves. "I need you, too." His warm breaths mingled with mine as he pressed our foreheads together, looking into my eyes while he slowly eased his way inside my body. My head fell back, a cry of wild abandon leaving my lips. He started to move, delving deeper with each swivel of his hips while our bodies heaved, arching, and colliding in the perfect rhythm that left us gasping and reaching for that precipice of ecstasy within minutes. His mouth moved along my neck, his teeth grazing along the tendons there, nipping gently. The coil in my belly tightened, and I was helpless before him, thrashing, moaning, aching to fall over the edge and surrender to my release. "Come on, Bella," he gritted, his movements growing choppy and frenzied, until he was pounding into me, pressing his hipbone to the apex of my thighs with each thrust. I writhed and whimpered beneath him. My hips rose to match his movements, my body craving pleasure as intensely as it did the air making its way into my lungs. He reached down to touch me where we were joined, his long fingers wasting no time in rubbing, circling, teasing the tender spot that finally threw me over the edge. I cried out loud as the blinding, pulsing moment of release washed over me. I trembled in his arms, every nerve ending in my body alight and alive through the waves of ecstasy pulsing through them. With a final, deep thrust, I felt as much as heard the moan resonating in Edward's chest as he, too, found his pleasure. A shudder rocked through his body before he collapsed over me. His pants echoed in my ears, and my hands rose to tangle in his hair, stroking the sweaty strands away from his face. He pulled out gently before falling onto his back next to me. I placed my hand on his chest, loving the feel of his heart thumping under my palm. Wanting me closer, he grabbed my arm and tugged until my head rested on his chest. We spent a few moments in silence while our breathing slowly returned to a normal pace. Once I'd calmed down from my high, I placed my chin on his sternum to look at him. "It's your birthday, and I got the present," I whispered,