A/N: Hello there! This story started off as an entry for the May To December Romance contest, but RL didn't let me complete this O/S in time for the submissions. So, then, I decided to start posting this only once I had finished writing the entire story. But, today I woke up to the most pleasant surprise... I won 3rd place in the Favorite Undiscovered Author in the Fanatic Fanfic Multifandom Awards! It is the first time I've won something in the fanfic world... I couldn't just let the day go without posting something to thank all you wonderful readers for your support. Long story short, I am still working on this story, so I cannot promise you regular updates at this point. That said, I should have some free time after my exams, so hopefully, I can write more then. I'm always grateful to Dazzled Eyes22 for pre-reading and giving me her valuable feedback! Twilightfanatic85, aka Melissa, is my lovely beta who wielded her red ink on this one ;) Thank you for paying attention to my ramblings. Now let's go meet my Olderward! I plopped down on the couch in the doctor's lounge, exhausted beyond measure. I'd been at the hospital performing back-to-back surgeries for fifteen hours. Now finally, all the casualties from the massive multi-car pileup had been brought in and the last few were being operated upon. I'd been trying to muster up some energy to grab myself a much needed bottle of water when the door opened behind me. I didn't have to look to see who came in because a giant paw cuffed me on the back and I had to brace myself to keep from pitching forward with the weight. A voice I knew all too well boomed, "You done already, Dr. Cullen? No more brains that need fixing?" "They're all done," I answered him without opening my eyes. "What about you?" "Just repaired a broken hip. The remaining are all bumps and bruises. Dr. Crowley can handle those. I'm ready to get out of here." "Me too," I sighed. "Hey Em, can you grab me some water?" I heard the fridge door being open and shut and two seconds later, I grunted as a chilled bottle hit me in the chest. Finally, I opened my eyes to meet the twinkling blue ones of my best friend. I opened the seal and chugged down the glorious liquid, all the while glaring at him. "So, about getting out of here," he started. "What do you say to a boys' night out? You, me and Jasper. Let's hit some clubs! We need to get you some pussy." I let out a frustrated groan. "Why do you have to be so crude?" "Man, you gotta pull that stick out of your ass!" He shook his head at me. "How long has it been since you got laid? We're going out tonight." "I can't, Emmett. I'm beat. Some other time." He was silent for a minute, then sighed and took a seat across from me. "What the fuck happened in Forks, Edward?" My eyes widened as I looked at him in shock. Emmett just rolled his eyes at me. "Did you think I wouldn't make the connection? I may act like a goof, but I'm not an idiot. You've been a moody fucker ever since you got back from there. You didn't want to talk about it, so I respected your privacy and left you alone. But it's been more than a year, Edward." I had to look away from his concerned gaze. I knew how long it'd been. Exactly one and a half year. No, I hadn't told anyone about Forks. It was not something I wanted to talk about. One and a half years ago, I'd made a decision, one that I'd immediately regretted. I couldn't do anything about it now. I'd done irreparable damage to someone I probably lo— My eyes squeezed shut as I blocked that thought. I'd not allowed myself to think about it all this time because I knew I'd tumble down an abyss of pain if I let my mind go there. Emmett continued. "You went there to, in your own words, clear your head after the divorce. I thought that when you returned, you'll get back in the game and be my wingman again. But you came back even more sullen than you'd been with Ice Queen Irina. What happened, man?" I'd regained my composure while he spoke, so I turned to him, my usual mask of indifference firmly in place. "You're making a mountain out of a mole hill, Em. Nothing happened. I went to Forks to spend some time with my parents and for a much needed change of scenery. I'm just not ready to start dating again. And no, I don't want a meaningless fuck," I added, anticipating his next argument when he opened his mouth to speak. He huffed. "This isn't about Irina, is it? You're over her?" He couldn't have been further from the truth. "This has nothing to do with wanting to get back with Irina. But she cheated on me, Emmett. I need time to get over that ." "Well, I think this has gone on for too damn long. You need to talk to someone if you're not able to work it out on your own. If not me, talk to Jasper. Or a therapist. Whatever works. But do something about it, or I will. I won't let you waste your life over that selfish bitch." I cracked a smile. "I'll think about it. I will," I asserted as he still looked at me dubiously. Finally, he sighed. "Alright. Enough of the heavy. But I'm not going to let this go. Remember that." I shook my head, exasperated at his persistence. However, some part of me was glad to have such a loyal friend in my life. He left me alone as we both moved to our lockers and changed out of the scrubs into our own clothes. "Where is Jasper anyway? He told me he was done an hour ago," Emmett asked me as we walked out of the room. "I have no idea. Maybe he got pulled into an emergency." Just then, my pager buzzed. I looked at it and frowned, wondering why I was required at the nurses' station in the ER, but I headed in that direction and Emmett followed. "Dr. Cullen! Thank God!" Nurse Stanley sighed in relief. "I've been trying to get hold of Dr. Whitlock for the last twenty minutes but he's not answering his pages. Not taking calls either. Do you know where he is?" Em and I shook our heads. "No, we've been looking for him, too. He hasn't been pulled into a surgery, has he?" "No, doctor. I checked the records. He's not in any OR. The EMTs are bringing in another victim. The girl had been trapped under a lot of debris and they didn't even know she was there until one of them heard a low groan. She's bound to require a general surgeon and everyone except Dr. Whitlock is busy. The ambulance will be here any minute now," she fretted. I took out my phone and tried calling Jasper, but there was no reply. There was only one place he could be, if he wasn't in the OR, though. "On-call room," Emmett muttered, voicing my thoughts. Ever since Jasper had started dating Maria, the new Peds resident, they'd been fucking at every opportunity they got. For two weeks, I'd heard him gloat about her voracious sexual appetite and how he was making the most of it. There was nothing like TMI in Jasper's life. "They're here!" Jessica's exclamation interrupted my train of thought, as did the sirens of the ambulance. I quickly turned to Emmett. "You go look for Jasper, I'll examine the girl." He nodded and hurried away. Jessica handed me a trauma gown that I quickly put on and we rushed toward the doors just as the ambulance pulled in. I recognized the EMT that got out first. "Hey Mitch. What do we got?" He nodded in greeting and narrated the patient's vitals. "Dr. Cullen. 19 year old female with extensive crush injuries, BP 90 over 60, pulse is 65, pupils equal and reactive, pulse ox is 96…" I backed up a bit as another paramedic began helping Mitch in getting the stretcher out. Once it was settled, I turned my attention to the patient and my world came crashing down. Bella I froze, every cell of my body locking in place as my eyes roamed over her features. Her soft, mahogany locks I'd run my fingers through. Her clear, pale skin that I'd brushed with the pad of my fingers. Her bow-shaped lips that I'd kissed with all my heart. Her soulful, brown eyes that I knew always revealed her emotions. Bella And then, I registered the circumstances that had made it possible for me to see her again. She was lying on the stretcher, her neck firmly secured, to avoid any further injury if it was broken. Her dark locks were tangled and matted with blood. Her delicate skin was marred by bruises that covered almost all of her face. Her lips were slightly parted, but they were pale and dry. And her eyes…They weren't sparkling with life. They were closed. Because she'd been unconscious ever since she'd been rescued from underneath— "Edward! Dude, are you alright?" Emmett's panicked voice finally broke through the haze that surrounded my mind and I started. I blinked rapidly, trying to make sense of what had happened in the last couple of minutes. Emmett grabbed my shoulders and shook me hard. "Calm down, Edward. You're going to hyperventilate. Relax." I forced myself to focus on the sound of his voice and try to comprehend what he was saying. Eventually, my breathing slowed and I became more aware of my surroundings. I looked around wildly, but there was just the two of us in the ambulance bay now. "Bella!" I gasped. "Where is she?" I attempted to go inside, but Emmett frowned, not loosening his hold on me. "What are you talking about? What the fuck is going on?" "Where's the patient who just came in? Where's Bella?" I repeated desperately, as I felt tears prick at the corner of my eyes. "They took her in. Trauma room. Jasper's working on her. Edward-" I shoved him away and ran in, heading for the trauma room. The blinds were not drawn, so I peeked in through the window. I didn't dare to go inside because I knew I'd only hinder the doctors and nurses who were trying to save her life. My breath hitched and a sob ripped through my chest as I saw them shock her with the defibrillator. I heard Jasper's voice ring out loud and clear. " Charge to 200. Clear" Her chest rose and fell once, but the monitor still beeped with a flat line. " Push another epi. Charge to 300. Clear." I didn't look away from the monitor as her heart was jolted with another shock. There was no change for three more seconds and my vision blurred with thick tears rolling down my face. Beep…Beep…Beep I let out a strangled breath as the monitor came to life, her heart starting to beat on its own again. It was still quite slow, but it would give the doctors time to assess her injuries and take her into the operating room. My eyes squeezed shut and I turned around, my head falling back to lean against the glass. I took in a shuddering breath and let it out slowly, trying to come to terms with what was happening. I wiped the tears from my cheeks and opened my eyes when I heard footsteps come to stand still in front of me. For the second time in the day, Emmett was looking at me with deep