(A/N: Welcome to the alternate version of Saved From Terror By An Angel. This a story of what would happen in Bella's life if Charlie, Renée, and Phil had died. I am picking up from the end of chapter 12 of the original story. The beginning of this chapter is similar to the beginning of chapter 13 of the original, but worded differently. Enjoy!) Carlisle's POV After Bella had calmed down, Edward had subjected her to a week of punishment. She was not allowed to watch TV again during that time. Also, she would be sent straight to bed after she had finished her homework and eaten dinner. Bella was not too happy about this, but resigned herself to it without arguing. I made dinner for her after his speech. When she had finished her meal, we bade her good-night as Esme sent her to her room. Edward and Esme went back to their place to have lone time with each other, so I had watch Bella. I laid down on the couch with a sigh. I felt mentally exhausted. What an evening it had been, with Bella throwing a rock at Marlene and ending up in trouble! Not to mention finding out that I was her soul mate in the midst of all of that drama. Now that I had time to myself, I was able to sort through all of this properly. I was relieved that Bella would suffer no lasting damage from being spanked, be it physical or emotional. How I despised it when I heard Edward giving her a taste of his displeasure. I knew that Bella deserved to be punished for what she had done, but I did not care. I did not want him to spank her, and there was not anything I wanted to do more than protect her. However, protecting was unnecessary, not to mention wrong. Bella would not have learned her lesson if I did. But I was so terrified that Edward would cause Bella some form of permanent harm. For a moment, I had been afraid that-if he had done this-I would lose control and sense of myself and attack him. Attack my own son! None of this came to pass, thankfully. If it had, I did not know how I would have forgiven myself. Then I turned to the event of Bella realizing that she was my true other half. I was quite glad that she would still accept me as her big brother. I was also grateful that she was very willing to bide her time, to wait until she was old enough to officially be my mate. How was it that I was blessed with such an understanding person for a soul mate? Especially one who knew what her boundaries were and accepted them without question or complaint? It was good that Bella was patient and knew her limits. If she did not, it was very much likely that things would be different. Not to mention hectic. She would have possibly attempted to have a forbidden relationship, and I would have had to refuse her. With her being my mate, that was the last thing that I would ever want to do. Not just about that, but in any given situation. Nevertheless, this did not matter. I did not want to risk being found out, which would jeopardize my life. I did not want my family to lose me, especially Bella. She had already lost so much already, and I did not even want to imagine what would happen if my existence was put to an end. I was quite sure that this would not be an issue that I would have to deal with, however. Bella was a very smart, rational person. I would be amazed if she did not know that regardless of her infatuation me, she could not act on feelings without there being a problem. With that reassuring conclusion, I grinned to myself. No matter what happened, I was certain that everything would be fine. But a phone call that Esme received the next evening would cause me to doubt if anything ever would again for a very long time. Bella's POV My ass was still sore when I woke up in the morning. I groaned to myself. How the hell was I going to be able to sit down in school today? Edward would probably say that it would serve as a reminder for what I had done the night before. I knew that he would because I heard that Carlisle said the same thing when he spanked his children. With another groan, I climbed of bed and headed for the shower. My breakfast was already on the table when I entered the kitchen. Carlisle had made it; he was the only one there. "Good morning, Bella dear," he greeted with a smile. I returned it with a shy one, abruptly remembering that he was my soul mate. It made me feel odd, but not in a bad way. Just knowing that he was my true other half made me unsure of how to be around him. How to talk to him, or even spend time with him. In other words, the situation had become awkward where he was concerned. To me, at least. But how could I not feel that way? "Morning, Carlisle," I stated finally, easing myself onto a chair. His eyes twinkled in amusement. "Does it still hurt?" he inquired with some sympathy. "Yeah," I whispered, knowing what he meant. I felt my cheeks tingling in embarrassment. "Hmm. I suppose that that is a good thing; I would think so if one of my kids were in your predicament. Truthfully, I feel sorry for you, but you had to learn your lesson somehow." I glared at him disdainfully. "Way to rub it in, bro." Smirking, he remarked, "There's no need to be upset. I was only giving you my opinion on the matter." I did not comment on that, not knowing how to respond. I just continued to eat my meal. After ten minutes, I was done. Carlisle washed my dishes as I made sure that all of my school supplies were in my book bag. Everything was in there, so I grabbed my jacket and walked to the living room. "I'm about to go, Carlisle. See you later," I announced. He embraced me tightly. "All right, then. Have a nice day at school, and behave yourself. I do not want to hear any more tales about you throwing rocks at people. If I do, Edward will not be the only one who will turn you over their knee," he joked, wagging his finger. I punched him. "Oh, shut up." With a gentle laugh, he kissed my forehead. "Go on, you do not want to be late. I love you." "Love you too," I returned, hugging him and kissing his cheek. After we said good-bye, I left the apartment. As I headed down the stairway, I caught a glimpse of the clear blue sky outside of the window. The weather had been nice lately. To be honest, I believed that it was mocking me. I had been depressed, as usual, because there was still no word on Mom, Phil, and Charlie. I did not understand why they hadn't been found after all this time. Today, however, the beauty of the day actually made me feel rather optimistic. I was not use to this, not having experienced that particular emotion for I didn't know how long. I did not even know why I felt this way. It was a very good feeling, though, so I let it consume my entire being. By the time I had arrived at Oakland High, I was full to the brim with new-found hope. My smile even seemed brighter and more animated. My classmates and teachers noticed that I was in high spirits. They commented on it all day, or asked me about it. "What are you so happy for?" Angela Weber had inquired with a grin. I could only shrug. "The weather is beautiful today. Plus, it Friday, so I guess that that adds to everything," I responded simply. "Well, I am glad to see that you are feeling better," my history teacher, Mrs. Davies remarked earnestly. She had heard our conversation. "You seemed to be down in the dumps ever since you were transferred to this school, and I was concerned about you." I gave a tiny smile. "I've just have a lot of stuff on my mind lately. But I am fine. You don't have to worry about me." The sunny weather did not last long. Smoky, dark-gray clouds formed in the sky around last period. Seeing them lowered my optimism, but not that much. I was still able to maintain a good mood. Before I knew it, the last bell was ringing. I collected my things and left the school. It looked as if it were going to rain, so I took the bus home since I didn't have my umbrella. Normally, I would have walked the eight blocks to the apartment, but I was better safe than sorry. The entire family was there when I arrived there. Even Jasper was, much to my astonishment. He did not visit Carlisle often when I was at home. The latter turned as I stepped in. "Hi there, Bellissima. How was school today?" he queried. "It was okay," I replied, kissing him on the cheek. "How are you?" "Not too bad. Emmett is tormenting our lives out." I laughed. "I know how you feel." Edward hugged me next. "Hello, sweet pea." "Hey, Dad. Hey, Mom," I added when Esme kissed my forehead. "Hi baby," she returned. After greeting the others, I escaped to my room to do my homework. I had a large pile to do this weekend, and I wanted to finish as much of it as I possibly could tonight. Little did I know that in the next few hours, homework would no longer be on my mind. Carlisle's POV While Bella was doing her school assignments, I basically kept everyone from making a lot of noise. She hated it when she was distracted and I could not blame her at all. I myself found it extremely irritating. They were pretty good at being quiet, save for Emmett, who was loud by nature. However, he could stay calm when it was required of him to be. The rest of the afternoon went by smoothly. The girls huddled together to read a fashion magazine. My sons talked about their upcoming hunting trip, which would be tonight. I alternated between watching television and making sure that the boys did not talk too loudly. It started to rain about five o'clock, and heavy drops pelted onto the windows. It was not until seven forty-five when Bella joined us. It was clear that she had not finished her homework, though. She was clutching a sheet of paper in her hand. "Mom, may I have something to eat please? I'm starving!" she declared. "Of course you can, baby girl. I'll whip up something so fast that you'll crick your neck if you try to keep up with me," Esme joked. This would have certainly been true, if Bella had attempted to do just that. Esme would have been nothing more than a blur to her at the speed that she had prepared her food. Bella perched on the sofa next to me. I kissed her on the cheek as she jotted down something on a worksheet. Her face reddened and she giggled quietly. Unfortunately, Emmett saw this. "Aww, look at the two soon-to-be lovebirds-" he cooed. "Shut up," I muttered, rolling my eyes in annoyance. "-King and Queen Cullen," he went on. "Emmett! I will not tell you again! That's quite enough from you!" I barked, noticing how embarrassed that he was making Bella feel. Taken aback by my tone, he raised his hands in surrender. "Sorry,