(A/N: Welcome to my new fanfic! If you have not read my other fanfictions We have Each Other, And That's Enough Rewritten or Held Captive , I would advise you to read them (particularly Held Captive, and it's 23rd chapter) so that you will understand what is going on in this story. Anyway, I hope that you will like it in some degree! Enjoy! Rated M for graphic rape and abuse, dubious consent, and character death. You have been warned.) Tanya's POV I was relaxing in my cottage, waiting for Edward to come back from Forks with his friends Brad, Daniel, Jerry, and Victor. He asked me to stay here in Newton Mearns, Scotland to look after his house. The reason why he was going to America was to convince his ex-fiancée Bella Swan to return with him. "Bella is my soul mate. I need her to be here with me. We have been apart for nearly three months. I cannot bear to go without her presence any longer," he told me yesterday. I did not see the point in him doing this. After Bella had caught us fucking each other at the end of June, she put a stop to their engagement. Not even an hour later, he found her and his father Carlisle in bed together...naked. What made Edward think that Bella wanted him back? And why would he still want her after she had fucked Carlisle ? I did not understand it. If I had a boyfriend who slept with my mother, I would never want his ass again. Furthermore, I did not want Edward to be reunited with her. When he left his home after finding Bella with Carlisle, he invited me to join him. We stayed in Montana until the mid-July, then traveled to Winnipeg and remained there until early August. The both of us spent a lot of time with each other during next two months. He would take me out for dates, and we would have mind-blowing sex every day. We would also hunt together. It was in Montana that we met his friends Brad, Daniel, Jerry and Victor. Edward had obviously known through his telepathic abilities that he could trust them. He acquainted himself with them before he offered Daniel and Victor a job. I nearly blew my top when I found out that Edward was sending anonymous love letters and roses to Bella! And if the situation was not already stupid enough, he sent Victor to Michigan so that he could mail them from there! It was not hard for Victor to do this because he had his own private plane. He said that it would not take long for Bella to realize that they were from him. "Edward, you are entirely too obsessed with her! Why can't you just leave her alone? It was obvious that she did not want to have anything to do with you! She probably doesn't want to now, either," I yelled at him once. "How do you know?" he argued. "Just because she had sex with Carlisle, it doesn't mean that she wanted to be with him! I know that you are upset with me about this, and I'm sorry about that. However, you do not understand. Bella needs me. She needs her mate." Laughing rudely, I stated, "And you need to get your brain examined." With a huff, Edward stormed out of the room. Truthfully, I was jealous that he wouldn't give Bella up. I wanted him to be with me instead. I knew that I could never compare to Bella in his eyes, though. He loved her more than he desired for us to be together. I knew that we were not soul mates, but I wished that we were. Just so that he could move on. I also did not understand why he thought that Bella was his mate. If she really was, then why did he choose to cheat on her with me? He would never have done that if she was. Edward finally told Victor to stop mailing the letters to Bella in August. When he (Victor) had returned from Michigan, Edward announced that he had planned for us to come here to Newton Mearns. "Um...why?" I had inquired in bewilderment. "To keep Bella away from Carlisle. I know for a fact that she and my father are together. When I hunt, I often head to Forks to see what is going on. If I bring her to Scotland with me, I can help her to see that I am the one that she truly loves. She has been brainwashed by Carlisle for far too long. She will lose her obsession with him quickly after I intervene." I facepalmed in exasperation, but did not say a word. I did not feel like having another argument with him. But I was beyond tired of his ridiculous schemes and plans. We packed our things that night and flew here to Scotland the next morning. Edward found a secluded place over a cliff for us to stay. However, we needed to construct a house since there wasn't one up there. So, we all built and furnished the mansion that was standing yards away from my cottage, which I made myself not long afterwards. It only took three days to do this because Edward and I used our vampire speed to make the process faster. My place was completed the very next evening. I had alternated working on Edward's mansion and my cottage. We had stayed in a hotel until we had all of our furniture and other necessities. Over the next several weeks, Edward prepared for Bella's arrival. He asked me to buy all sort of clothes for her. I did against my better judgment. The less we fought with each other, the better. I was still having sex with him during that time. However, I also had a good number of flings with Brad, Daniel, Jerry, and Victor. I did not mind it, feeling pleased that I was attractive to them. Then again, I have attracted many more men throughout the years of my existence. So many more. Now it was September the fourth. Edward had left with his friends to get Bella the other day. He said before he left that they would be here tomorrow if he was lucky. And so, I waited for his return. (The next morning-9:10am) I was tidying up the living room when I heard the familiar sound Edward's rental van approaching. The engine was cut off a minute later, and the doors opened and shut. Footsteps climbed up the zigzag trail that led to cliff. Edward spoke as the footsteps paused. "Hold her for me while I climb up there," he told one of his friends. I knew that he meant Bella. "You are lucky to have a boyfriend who is an expert mountaineer. He doesn't even need picks," Jerry said next as Edward ghosted over the cliff to retrieve the rope for them. "He's not my damn boyfriend!" Bella yelled at him. He grunted. Uh oh! She did not sound happy! This was not a surprise, though. I had warned Edward that she would not want him back. He should have listened to me. The aforementioned person jumped down to the trail. "We are going up first. Hold on tight and don't let go," he admonished. He was obviously talking to Bella again. One by one, all of them mounted the cliff. Then they walked to the mansion. When they were inside, I heard Edward say to his friends. "You may leave us now. I am just going to show Bella our room and have a word with her. There is something important that I have to speak to her about. Victor, have breakfast ready within the next hour, please. Come on, baby. Let's go," he added to Bella. They went upstairs to his bedroom. "Welcome to your new home!" Edward declared to her. "This is NOT my home! I can't believe that you kidnapped me-" I scowled in incredulity. What ?! I thought to myself. Edward had kidnapped her?! I did not understand. Why would he go to such lengths if he knew that she did not want to come here with him? Was his obsession for her that bad? "-and flew me all the way around the world to bring me to this shithole! I don't want to be here, and I am NOT sleeping in this room with you! I want my own! There are plenty here, let me have one!" she hollered at him. "Relax, Bella," Edward ordered gently. "I'll show you around. Your new clothes are in here. Don't worry, I made Tanya pick out the kind of outfits that you like..." " Tanya ?! She's here?!" she interrupted. "Yes, she brings animal blood to me-" Well, that was true. I did. "-She has a small cottage in another clearing a few feet away from here. As I was saying, she bought the type of clothes that you like. T-shirts and jeans. There are also nightgowns. She even purchased your underwear and some lingerie." "Lingerie?! What for?!" Bella sounded nauseated. Edward was quiet for a second. "For you to please me with," he responded in a "duh" voice. "Bullshit. I won't wear them. There's no way in hell I will." He chuckled heartily. "Yes, you will, when you are not mad at me. Now. There are a few things that I have to tell you. First, do not leave this house by yourself. You will only get lost, and I don't want an animal to attack you. If you want to go anywhere, you will have to let me know. "Second, if I need or want you for anything, I would appreciate it if you came to me immediately. I don't want to have to wait for you. We will have breakfast at 10:30am, lunch at 2:00pm, and dinner at 6:30pm. You can have dessert any time after that. Try not to be late for any of your meals. I don't want you to starve. Do you understand?" The more I listened, the more I noticed how controlling and selfish Edward was being. Even worse, he was taking no consideration of how Bella was feeling. I shook my head in disbelief. He would never talk to Bella like that if he was her mate. What right did he have to tell her what to do? "...Tanya may visit one or two days out of the week. I will let you know in case you need her help with anything," Edward continued. "I'm not going to ask her for shit," Bella muttered. I did not blame her for feeling that way about me. She had a good reason to. "Enough, Bella," he scolded. "If you get hurt, just tell Brad. He's a doctor, and I am sure that he will give you want you need." Bella did not respond or comment. Groaning tiredly, Edward pleaded, "Baby, try to be a little more cooperative. You are staying here with me for at least three to five months. We will have to get along somehow." She snorted. "I will get along with you if you let me have my own room and leave me alone." "That is not what you want. I know that you are happy that we are sharing a room together, even if you are too stubborn and upset to admit it. You and I are going to have some fun times in here." Oh yeah. He really cared about how she was feeling all right, I thought sarcastically. Bella was quiet for a minute, likely because she could not believe what was coming out of his mouth either. Then she shouted, "Edward, have you lost your mind?! I don't understand you anymore! I don't want to have sex with you, and I don't understand how you can think that I can take pleasure in you raping me!" My