(A/N: Hi there! Welcome to my new story! I was so excited about writing it this, and looking forward to doing so, that I chose to begin it sooner rather than later! lol As you may know, this is the sequel to Held Captive. I wrote a trailer to this story back on October 18th, so if you want to check it out, you can if you haven't already. It will give you an idea about what is going to happen. But if you don't like spoilers, then by all means, you may begin reading the story. To those who had read the trailer before, I fixed the grammatical errors and added one or two modifications. This story is Rated M for mentions of rape and abuse, language, substance abuse, attempted rape, minor character deaths, child psychopathy, unsolved crimes, all other types of mayhem, and eventually lemons. If any or all of that offends or bothers you, please do not read this. Otherwise, feel free to enjoy the story, and no flames please! Oh, and I do NOT own Twilight.) Bella's POV I was laying down in the room that belonged to me and Carlisle, gazing unseeingly out of the window. The blanket was drawn up to my neck. My knees were hunched up to my stomach. It was Thursday morning, January 25th. New Year's Day seemed as if it was a long time ago. A very long time ago. Quite a bit has happened in the last twenty-four days. First, Mom and Phil had came to visit me on the second. JC had to go to Leah's house until they left in the evenings. Neither of them had any idea that vampires or vampire-hybrids existed and we had to keep it that way. JC felt sad that he was unable to meet his other grandmother and his step-grandfather. Not for a long time, anyhow. But he understood why he couldn't. "Can you try to get a few updated pictures of them for me?" he had inquired. "Sure, baby. I can do that," I had replied. I was so happy to finally see Mom and Phil. The last time I did was seven months prior, before graduation. When Charlie and Kate brought them to the mansion, Mom practically knocked me over after she ran to me. We cried as we embraced each other. "I missed you," I groaned. "Bella, I missed you ," she returned. "I'm glad that you texted Carlisle when you did. Otherwise, I don't know if you would even be here." "Me too, Mom." Not wanting to ruin their visit, I decided not to tell either her or Phil about all of the things that I had been forced to endure when Edward and his friends had kidnapped me right away. It would only make things worse for all three of us. It wasn't until the day before they would be going home when I told them almost everything. I did not mention anything about JC or the fact that Edward was a vampire. My heart broke to witness their devastation and terror. I wished that I never had to tell them that I had been physically, psychologically, verbally, emotionally, and sexually abused for over two months. They both cried stormily for a good while, and I did also just by watching them. However, they were proud of me for trying to avenge myself on Edward's friends. "I don't blame you for doing it. You had had enough," Phil stated. They were grateful to Carlisle for being here for me too. "Bella needs you more than ever now. I know that you will be successful in helping her to heal from all of this," Mom told him. He nodded. "I will do my utmost to do everything that I can for Isabella. You have my word," he vowed. Mom smiled a little. "I believe you. You have been there for her long before she was kidnapped. Plus, you helped us to find her, even though Bella actually helped us to find her." We had to laugh at this. Knowing that I had Carlisle made them feel a little better. Of course, they would always be haunted by what Edward and his friends did to me. All too soon, it was time for Mom and Phil to return to Jacksonville. I nearly cried, but chose not to. I didn't want to make their departure sadder than it needed to be. "Please recover as soon as you are able to, honey. You try not to show it, but I know that you are in so much pain. I don't want you to be in this type of pain anymore. It destroys me," Mom whispered as we hugged one another. "I will do what I can." Then Phil embraced me. "Take care of yourself, sweetie. Make sure that you talk to Carlisle if you need to." "You don't have to tell me twice. I already plan on doing just that." Once they had left, I missed them more than ever. I didn't know when they could visit again, except for when Mom was off for Spring Break. I didn't have a lot of time to miss them after the following Monday. Carlisle and I had resumed JC's schooling, which kept us occupied. I was relieved for the distraction. It took my mind off of things. We also had our therapy sessions once or twice a week. So did Tanya. Only she and I had our sessions in private. Everybody left the house, and we had a one-on-one talk. I sat with JC when he had his sessions. Unfortunately, he never felt like speaking, no matter how much Carlisle encouraged him to. He was too upset to talk. "Bottling up your emotions will only hurt you more," he pointed out. JC had given no response. This caused me to worry about him more than ever. I tried to help him, to reach him in some way. However, he had built a wall around himself, one that I couldn't tear down. My depression came back with a vengeance a few days ago. Since then, I haven't been able to get out of bed unless I had to cook. In fact, I was in so much distress that Carlisle had to take over his schooling. I haven't eaten much lately; I had no appetite. My stomach was either hurting or I was nauseous. JC didn't appear to have much of one either. That was saying something because he was nearly always hungry. This explained why I was laying down now. I had fixed breakfast earlier and decided to come back to my room. As soon as I was under the blanket, I was hit by an onslaught of memories. I curled into a ball as if to protect myself, but they just kept coming. One was of Edward slapping me in the face, then dragging me into the room I had been forced to share with him. The next was of him brutally beating and raping me afterwards. I was sobbing as I pleaded for him to stop. Tears ran down my cheek. My stomach felt queasier than it had at breakfast. I wished that I didn't have these flashbacks. I wished that I was thinking of something happier instead. Like all of the things that happened on Christmas or New Year's Eve. Or the time that JC had called Daniel a penishead. Now, that was hilarious. But remembering that made me think of Daniel...and those assholes Brad, Jerry, and Victor. I knew that they were likely suffering in hell for the torment that they put me through. This did little to comfort me, however. All of them, especially Edward, still plagued me even though they had been dead for over a month. For how long I stayed in my head, I wasn't certain. But the next thing I knew, I heard the door opening. "Sweetheart?" Carlisle murmured. I turned to him. I noticed that he was carrying a tray of food. "Hi," I whispered. JC appeared behind him. "Hi Mama." "Hey, baby." I sat up as he came over to embrace me. Then he moved away to tug my hair gently. "Carlisle told me that you still aren't feeling too good. We decided to bring lunch to you." A grin spread across my face. "Thank you. It was sweet of you both to do that for me. You didn't have to. I would have made lunch eventually." Carlisle chuckled. "We know that, Isabella, but I chose to give you a break from cooking." He placed the tray on my lap. "I made Progresso's chicken noodle soup for you. I noticed that you haven't been able to eat heavier foods lately." "Thank you," I repeated. Carlisle's POV As I watched Isabella eat her soup, I gazed at her closely. She was thinner and paler than she had been over the last three days. Her face was drawn and there were shadows under her eyes. This was not unexpected; she had trouble getting to sleep and staying asleep. She had begun to have nightmares a couple of days ago..terrible nightmares. So terrible, in fact, that I did not like to mention anything that happened in them. It broke my heart and caused me to grow furious at the same time. She was not the only one. JC was also having bad dreams, but his had been plaguing him for weeks. He never had them on the same nights that Isabella did as of yet. We encouraged him to tell us about what happened in his nightmares, but he kept refusing to. I found my comforting either Isabella or JC every night. Isabella would join me if I had to wake up JC if he was in the middle of a bad dream. He would cling to her as he grasped one of my hands. He often wept, but did not at other times. But even if he didn't, JC still preferred for Isabella to hold him. They had a very special bond, those two. "He always loved me more than Edward since he was born. This was before he had even learned of the abuse," Isabella explained once. "Things may change now because he likes and loves you more than he loved Edward. He told me so." "Well, I'm happy to know this," I remarked with a laugh. I did feel quite pleased to know that our son loved the both of us equally. Isabella's therapy sessions were coming along. I have had five with her already. In the first, second, and fifth ones, she talked about what was bothering her. She mostly cried during the third and fourth sessions. All she wanted was for me to hold and love her. I was glad to be there for her however she needed me. JC was in his own rut too. He appeared to feel less interested in his schooling. Well, maybe not, but he was distracted on some days more than others. When he wasn't spending time with me or Isabella, the rest of our family, or taking naps, he was pretty much alone. It did not concern me until he began to isolate himself more than usual. JC had also grown quieter, and that was saying something. "...Not that he never had his quiet moments, you understand. He had them often, but when he didn't, he was nearly always talking and laughing," Isabella told me once. "He's in a lotta pain. Plus, he has all o' this fear, misery, rage and hatred inside of him. It's no wonder that he doesn't wanna talk," Jasper said to us about three weeks ago. Because of this, Isabella and I agreed to make him do certain household chores to keep him occupied. We included him in more activities as well. It seemed to take his mind off of things for a bit. Still, this did not help JC to open up for his therapy sessions. He