The first chapter is loosely based on part of a Drew Malino chat video I saw. Rated M for language, abuse, lemons. Enjoy! Bella's POV September 1, 2005 "Damn!" I fumed as I tripped over the fan's cord in the living room. I crashed to the floor with a thud. The impact caused a glass cup to fall onto the floor, where it shattered into a million pieces. It was one of my mother's-her name is Renée-favorite cups too. It was part of a set that had belonged to her mother, my Grandma Marie, who died before I was born. I was going to be in huge trouble! I had to sweep away the mess before Mom came downstairs. Unfortunately, she had already heard the glass breaking. I was just leaving the room when she appeared with a deep scowl on her face. Shit! "What the hell happened?" she demanded, peering over my shoulder. "How did...how did my cup break?!" Putting distance between me and her, I backed up warily. "I fell, and..." I replied. Mom glared at me in rage and frustration. "You fell ?! You are always falling, you clumsy little bitch! I supposed that you knocked the cup over as you did, didn't you?" She slapped me so hard that I was abruptly staring at the clock behind me. I winced. "No, Mom! It broke after I fell. It slid off of the table," I explained. "Whatever, Bella! The damage is done. Just clean this shit up and get out of my sight!" she yelled. She shoved me before going back upstairs. I gloomily headed for the kitchen to retrieve the broom and dustpan. As you could see, you have probably guessed that me and my mother were not on the best of terms. And you have guessed right. My mother did not love me, and reminded me of it every other day for almost eighteen years. It was clear that she did not want me too, and never had. I didn't know why she chose to bring me with her to Phoenix, Arizona after she had divorced my father since she didn't. We had been living here in Phoenix since I was three months old. Before that, we lived with my father Charlie in Forks, Washington. I only visited him for a few weeks every August because of legal issues. Even then, I rarely saw him. He was the Chief of Police, so he was very busy, especially during the summer. There was a lot of crime in Forks, Port Angeles, and Seattle at that time. So, before going to the police station, he would leave me with friends from town until he was finished working. It was because of this that Charlie and I never had much of a chance to create any type of relationship. I did not even know if he loved me, or if I loved him. At least staying with Charlie wasn't as bad as living with Mom. She usually ignored me and left me to myself. If she wasn't doing that, then she was screaming at me. It could be for any number of reasons. It may have been because she wanted to tell me of how much she hated me. That she didn't want me. That she did not know why she didn't ship me off to Charlie's and grant him permanent custody of me. If she wasn't complaining about that, then she was blowing her top over my clumsiness. But with her being erratic and harebrained, and my father being rather absentminded, I was predestined to be clumsy. She was abusive too, but not physically. At least, not that much. She would mostly slap or shove me if she were angry enough. When I grew taller, there were times where she actually punched me! However, she never punched me in the face. But it was really the verbal and psychological abuse that I have to put up with. Of course, that was worst. I would rather that she had hit me. It was just as well that I had learned to cook and pay the bills by the time I was eleven. Otherwise, we would have starved to death. Mom didn't really know how to cook, and she often forgot when the bills had to be sent. I had a job too, and was glad that I did. Otherwise, I would have had to deal with Mom more often than I would have wanted to after school. I could not understand why Mom didn't love or want me. And no matter how hard I tried to, I could never do anything to please her. Or to get her to love me. Even if I gave her something that she liked, she would just wave me away dismissively. Through it all, I had mostly lived a lonely, depressing life. Mom neglected me, and Dad never paid much attention to me. I had never had any friends either, in school or out of it. My clumsiness and awkwardness was not very appealing, so people my age tended to avoid me. I could never remember a time when anyone had truly been nice to me. Except once, when I was seven years old. And I would never forget that day. Flashback Mom and I were visiting one of her friends named Juliet, who had moved to Vancouver, Canada. Juliet talked to Mom for a while, then Mom went to take a tour of the city. Vancouver was gigantic. There were so many things to see and to look at that I would need more eyes to take everything in. There were also a lot of people, just like there were in Phoenix. As Mom and I were strolling along a busy street, I happened to notice a brown teddy bear on display in a toy store window. It was large, but small enough to put in the book bag that I was carrying. Next to that store was a candy shop. There were multicolored lollipops and jawbreakers and chocolate and so many other sweets that it would take days to name them all! I tugged Mom's hand. "Mommy! Mommy! Look at that teddy bear! And look at all of the candy! Can I have the bear and some candy? Pretty please?" I begged. "No!" she said coldly. "Now leave me alone, you little brat!" "But Mo-om...!" I whined. She was being so unfair, as usual! "Shut up! Just shut up! I have had enough of your complaining! Do you want me to slap you?" I bowed my head and grew quiet. Tears pricked my eyes as we kept walking. She hardly ever let me have anything that I wanted. Moments later, she brought us a lunch from a street vendor. Once we had finished eating, Mom headed into a clothes shop to buy a few things. She made me sit on a bench while she went to look over the jeans. I laid my head in my palm and stared at the people passing by me. I was bored out of my mind. I wished that I was at that toy store. Or at the candy shop. I didn't see how shopping for clothes could be enjoyable. "Psst. Little girl," a gentle voice belonging to a man whispered. It sounded like it belonged to an angel. I ignored it, not thinking that it was speaking to me. "Little girl on the bench," the voice hissed. Frowning, I turned to see a blonde-haired man standing next to a clothes rack. Gosh, he was handsome! He looked better than any movie star I've ever seen! And he had gold eyes too! How weird. I had never seen anybody with eyes that color. I found myself staring at him in awe. The man smiled at me. "Hi there, cutie," he greeted. I reddened. No one had ever called me that before. "Uh...hi," I mumbled. He glanced to his left, then knelt beside me. "Here, sweetheart. I couldn't help but notice that you really wanted them." To my surprise, he handed me the teddy bear that was in the toy store window! He had also given me a bag of sweets from that shop! In it was cotton candy, multicolored lollipops, white and dark chocolate, sour balls, caramel squares, and Laffy Taffies. I looked to see where Mom was. She was still busy picking out clothes. I cautiously took the bear and the candy from him because I knew that I wasn't suppose to accept anything from strangers. But for some reason, I knew that this man wouldn't hurt me or anything. I didn't know why I knew it, though. "Thanks. But why are you giving them to me?" I inquired, putting everything in my backpack. "You don't even know who I am." "I am giving it to you because I can tell that you are a good girl. You deserve every wonderful thing that could be given to someone." This man was too nice! "Oh. Well...thank you again. This is the nicest thing that anybody has ever done for me. I'm Bella." He shook my hand. "Pleased to meet you, Bella. I am glad to be of service. My name is Carlisle." Well, that was an odd name, but I liked it. It sounded like a song. "Pleased to meet you too. I think you should leave now. My mom would be mad if she sees me talking to someone that I don't know." "I understand what you mean. Don't waste your candy too quickly. Good-bye, Bella." "I won't. Bye-bye, Carlisle." He left with a wave. End of Flashback It had been ten years since then, but the memory of it had never faded away. I managed to prevent Mom from finding out that I had the teddy bear and the candy. I ate the candy when I had the chance to, but I kept the wrappers in a suitcase that I used for traveling. I even had the teddy bear after all this time. When Mom was asleep, I would take them out for a while, just to look at them and hug the bear. They were my relics of Carlisle's kindness. I often wondered about Carlisle over the years. Wondered where he was, and if he was doing all right. I tried to imagine what his life would be like. He was a nice, drop-dead gorgeous man, so he likely had a wife. Perhaps he had children too, and lived in a nice house with front and back yards that were surrounded by a white picket fence. They probably loved each other very much. I wished that I had that kind of life... " Bella !" Mom shouted, jerking me out of my thoughts by punching me on the arm. It became numb within seconds. "Why the hell are you standing there daydreaming? Clean up that mess like I told you to! If I step on any of that glass, you don't want to know what I'll do!" "Ouch! Okay, Mom, I'm sorry," I groaned. She frowned at me in disgust, as if I were a puddle of vomit. "Yeah, you'd better be. Go on!" With a sigh, I grabbed the broom and dustpan. Then I went to the living room and swept the floor, my mind still on Carlisle. (A few days later-September 6th) I was in my bedroom, sitting in front of my computer. It was quiet for once; Mom was taking a nap. I was glad that I didn't have to put up with her at the moment. I wasn't really doing much, just talking to various people in a chat room. Truthfully, I wasn't allowed to do that. Mom said that I could end up in some of form of trouble, or be kidnapped. I didn't know why she cared if I did. She would probably be happy to get rid of me. Not many people were online at this time of day, so the chat room was