Chapter 1 The wind was a torrent of darkness among the gusty trees, The moon was a ghostly galleon tossed upon cloudy seas, The road was a ribbon of moonlight over the purple moor, And the highwayman came riding— Riding—riding— The highwayman came riding, up to the old inn-door. Bella, Boston, November 2010 I crept out of the old house, praying to God that the door wouldn't squeak. Knowing the traitorous disposition of the ancient estate, I wouldn't have been surprised if it did just to spite me. No matter how many times we renovated it, there was always something that needed fixing. The sounds of bickering and children screaming and adults yelling and china crashing followed behind me as I softly closed the door. I rolled my eyes. All I'd wanted was a peaceful Thanksgiving break. You know, the usual: a quiet dinner with the family, a serene scene in front of a roaring fire, roasting chestnuts and a mug of hot chocolate. But with my family... I don't know how I even could have hoped. I wondered why I'd even agreed to come out here in the first place. Actually, I knew exactly why. First of all, my sister Alice had asked me to, and that little pixie was damned hard to say no to. She'd inherited the old clunker of a house after she'd gotten married to her southern gentleman, Jasper Whitlock. Our father deeded it to her as a wedding gift and then promptly moved to Forks, Washington, far on the other side of the country, wanting as little to do with Alice and Jasper's newly-wed antics as possible. Second, I loved the countryside. I'd grown up here with my sisters, Alice and Rosalie, and I loved the serenity of the trees, the quiet of the mostly unpopulated terrain, the feeling of being one with nature. I'd looked forward to coming here and sitting in my old room that Alice and Jasper still kept up, even though it was their house now, staring outside at the falling leaves and working on my yet unfinished applications to grad school. Lastly, I'd looked forward to getting away from the busy scene of Cambridge. I loved Harvard, but I needed to get away for a while. Or maybe, it was more a question of who I needed to get away from. My three year relationship with Jake had failed, and we both knew it. We were great friends, but somehow, we just couldn't function as a couple. He'd become increasingly clingy in the past year and I just couldn't take his hovering anymore. So I broke up with him a week ago. He'd taken it stoically, even agreeing that it was the best thing to do, but I still thought a little time away would be restorative for both of us if we had any hope of salvaging our previous friendship. All I'd wanted was a little peace and quiet for contemplation. Contemplation of who I was, where I was going. Even after four years of a Harvard education, I still didn't know. I just felt there was a little part of myself I was missing, that one annoying piece of the puzzle that I couldn't find. But of course, that was too much to ask. I don't know what was in Alice's head when she'd insisted on inviting both Charlie and Renée over. They mixed together about as well as oil and water and then, inviting Rosalie too had been even worse, since she was the fire that usually set everything off. And now that Renée had found Phil... well, that just made everything more awkward. I snorted as I pictured the poor guy's dumbfounded expression as he watched his new wife screaming at her ex-husband and then his new step-daughter Rosalie screaming at her three boys and then her own mother for criticizing her mothering skills. Jasper and Rosalie's husband, Emmett were the only ones who'd remained unfazed. They'd been in our family for far too long to be surprised. I winced as another crash resonated throughout the house and I heard Rosalie's shrill tones and Alice's horrified scream. "HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU NOT THROW THINGS AROUND THE HOUSE, ETHAN PATRICK MCCARTHY? NOW LOOK WHAT YOU'VE DONE! YOU'VE BROKEN AUNT ALICE'S FAVORITE PLATE! EMMETT! COME HERE AND PUT YOUR KID INTO TIME-OUT!" I sighed as a child's demanding scream filled the air and shook my head. Rosalie's boys were devils disguised as adorable little kids. They'd inherited Emmett's lovable and attractively boyish features, but unfortunately, they'd also inherited Rosalie's fiery temper and strong will. I drifted towards the old stables that were now the garage, considering on taking the car, but then thought the better of it. Physical exercise would better clear my head of the chaos of the last two hours. As I walked past the cow pen, I nuzzled the nose of our old cow, Patsy. She stared back at me with gentle, long-lashed eyes. "I don't know how you stand it here, Patsy," I whispered, "They're driving me crazy after just one day. How do you do it?" But she only looked at me and let out a low sympathetic moo. I sighed and patted her head before moving on past the old wooden fence gate. It was an extraordinarily warm night for the Boston area. There was a slight chill breeze, but still, all I had on were jeans, my old Converse, a warm brown turtleneck that Alice said matched my eyes and a light crimson windbreaker with an H emblazoned on it for the school. And that was all I needed. The sun was just setting and its rays warmed me as I wandered down the dirt path, the house and its sounds within getting farther and farther away. I grabbed a stick from the side of the road and trailed it along in the dust. Soon, the path turned sharply right to yield to a cement road among the trees, one that I knew would go down to the busy highway, but I turned left instead, to where there was just grass and no road. I had traversed these fields enough times that I was unworried about finding my way back. Oh, how wrong I was. I was lost in my own thoughts as I kept on walking, hands brushing the tall grass that went up to my waist. I barely noticed that it was getting successively darker and darker until a freezing gust of wind blew in my face, penetrating my turtleneck and stealing away some of the warmth from my skin. I broke out of my reverie and looked around. It was late twilight, almost turning into evening and I... I had no idea where I was. In my daze, the world around me had changed and what had looked familiar before had somehow morphed into what may as well have been a whole other planet for how foreign it all seemed. Frowning, I scoured my brain for any memory at all of this place, finding it all so very strange as I was sure I'd romped through every nook and cranny of the surrounding area as a child. It was as if I'd unwittingly stepped into a warp-hole that transported me into another universe. I squinted my eyes and looked all around me, hoping for a familiar glow on the horizon that might signal where the Swan homestead was. But there were only the stars twinkling on, one by one, in the violet sky. Mentally berating myself for being so stupid, I whipped out my cell phone and punched in my speed-dial for home, not looking forward to Alice's disapproval at my sneaking out or Emmett's amusement at my getting lost. He'd probably make some stupid comment about wolves eating little girls... I waited and waited, but the ring tone never came on. Perplexed I pulled my phone away from my ear and looked at it. Zero bars. There was no reception to be found here. "Shit," I exclaimed, cursing my luck, cursing my cell-phone service provider, and cursing my own stupidity. I threw the cheap piece of plastic onto the ground and threw myself down into the grass in a rage. I flopped back and looked at the winter sky. The moon was full and bright tonight and bathed everything in an otherworldly glow. Another breeze came blowing through, rustling the grass above my head, which brushed against me like the touch of ghostly fingers, and I shivered, jumping up and looking around worriedly. This place had always been creepy at night… I cursed again as I realized the idiotic hastiness of my actions and I dropped down onto my hands and knees, fingers raking the ground for my phone. Suddenly, my fingertips brushed against cold plastic and I grasped my phone, pulling myself up. My mouth went dry as my predicament hit me full-force. I needed to get home. Although it wasn't bad now, it would surely get lots cooler overnight and I'd always been frustratingly susceptible to low temperatures. At best I would get a severe cold and at worst, I would freeze. I hurried the way I came, hoping against hope that it would bring me back to the dirt road. Minutes passed like hours and the night got darker and darker, until the moon was the only thing lighting my way. I hadn't found the dirt road yet, and I was about ready to cry from exhaustion and sheer panic when suddenly, a solitary light shined off in the distance. I huffed in relief. My sprint slowed down to a walk as I strolled towards that shining light. The night air was quiet- no sounds of bickering or yelling or screaming. Just... silence. I frowned in confusion. Silence just didn't happen in my family. But then, as I neared, I realized why. It wasn't my house. I almost collapsed in disappointment and frustration until I realized that this wasn't much of a setback. Whoever lived here might help me find my way. I strode up to the house, my confidence restored and peered through the door windows. The house was an old one, like mine, that was renovated for modern convenience. Everything inside was impeccable. Warm mahogany furniture, glossy paneled floors, a dark black piano in the middle of it all. My breath fogged up the glass and I was reminded of how cold it might get. I knocked on the door. "Hello?" I called out. I waited but there was no answer. Desperate now, I knocked again, louder this time. Please let someone be home, I thought. "Hello?" I yelled. I waited but still, there was no answer. Out of my mind with fear now, I pounded on the door and screamed with all my might. "Someone, please open the door! Please! HEL-LO?!" Suddenly, a quiet voice sounded unexpectedly from right behind me, "Can I help you, miss?" Caught off guard and with my nerves already stretched to their limit, I jumped, screeching, and whirled around to see who it was, finally losing my balance and slamming against the door before I slid down it to plop onto the ground. My breath was coming in and out of me in short, sharp gasps of shock. A hand drifted into my vision and I looked up to see the most beautiful man I'd ever seen in my life. His features seemed to have been chiseled from stone and they were the likes of which had never been seen since the time of da Vinci and Michelangelo. A shock of perfectly messy bronze hair topped his glorious head, begging for fingers to run through it. Even in this dim light, his eyes were an unmistakable shade of bright, heart-melting green. My gaze unashamedly traveled down his body in my surprise. It seemed he'd been doing some work outside, because he was wearing a rather old and ratty shirt that