Back To Where We Started Summary: "Draco Malfoy opened his eyes. Where was he? What had happened? The only thing he remembered was his mother waving him while he was leaving to Hogwarts and to his seventh and final year of studies." Draco is married to Hermione Granger for almost five years but he doesn't remember a thing! The situation gets more complicated when it is revealed that Hermione… A different Dramione story. … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … DMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDM a/n : For a start, thank you very much for giving this fanfic a chance, it means a lot to me…! I have noticed that all the stories about Draco, Hermione and memory loss, include Hermione losing her memory, so I thought; What if he is the one who can't remember ? Then I just started typing and couldn't stop! Okay, so enough for now, just start reading and… enjoy! Disclaimer: I am a fan writing fanfictions inspired by J.K Rowling's magical world. Everything you recognize is hers, not mine. … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … So many questions Draco Malfoy opened his eyes. Where was he? What had happened? The only thing he remembered was his mother waving him while he was leaving to Hogwarts and his seventh and final year of studies. He didn't really feel like going there after everything that had happened. He didn't want to leave his mother alone at the Manor. Especially now, with his father prisoned in Askaban, again. Draco didn't care about him -well, this is what he wanted to believe- but was mostly worried about his mother. For him, Lucious Malfoy, was not a good person, at all. He was a selfish one who only carried about money and wanted the others to respect him. He preferred to look after the Malfoy name, than the Malfoy family… Draco used to be like that once. His father was his role model and he was becoming a spoiled child. Well, he was a spoiled child. But since that night, at the Astronomy Towel, he had started to think differently than he was taught to… Draco was now called 'The Poor Boy Who Made The Wrong Choice ', by the Ministry and the type. He didn't like that at all, as it was somehow what Dumbledore had called him the night of his death. He didn't want to remember that, and didn't need the others' pity, but from the time he wasn't judged as guilty enough, to be arrested, he just didn't react. Maybe, this was his chance for a new start. The Malfoy companies were still doing well. They did find a difficult time without Lucius after the War, but the Malfoys were still wealthy. And Draco was even offered to be Hogwarts' Head Boy…! He couldn't see why McGonagall chose him for something like that, but accepted it, of course. He had also tried to stop calling people 'Mudboods' and since now, he hadn't. His mother was not allowed to use magic for a year, while she was also watched by the Ministry and could hardy leave her house. Harry Potter had defended her, while the people of the Ministry where deciding of her punishment, telling them that Narcissa had saved his life at the Forbidden Forest. And when something like that is told by 'The- Boy-Who-Defended-The-Darkest-Wizard-Of–All-Time', you can rightly hope for something better. Again, Draco didn't like that he was the reason the name of his family was now kind of…cleared, and he didn't like owning Potter but again , he said nothing. But anyways, Narcissa was punished, even like that, and Draco didn't want to leave her alone. He knew she was strong, but those last years were too difficult for her. However, she wanted him to fulfill his school education, then he would be ready to take care of the family's companies. She wanted him to be a teenager again. To feel like a teenager again. But Draco was a boy of eighteen years of age that had seen too much to get into that situation again. He was sure that her mother's words from the day of his lawsuit, would remain in his mind forever. He was sure that he would always remember what she said to defend him; "He is just a child, he was just a frightened child . He was told this was the right thing to do and was threatened to death. He had to stay with us. The He-Must-Not-Be-Named wouldn't kill each one of us if Draco didn't obey his orders; he would do worse. I understand that my husband has to be prisoned but Draco…my only child…' Oh, and about friends? The only one Draco kept contact with was Blaise Zabini. Blaise's father was a Death-eater, but his mother had different beliefs. So when his father died, during the Second Wizard's War, he was changed as well, influenced by his mother. Draco's and Blaise's mothers were now good friends, helping each other to get throught all this… Draco still didn't want to leave Narcissa alone, but he did as she said. So, he was waiting for this year to begin and as the train started under the autumn rain, he knew that it was going to be unforgettable… But, now he wasn't there. No. The room was light and totally white. He was lying on a comfortable bed, and was covered with a soft blanket. His left hand was on a bandage and he had a horrible headache. Agh! He was at Saint Mungo's! He hadn't been there since when he was nine years old. It was also surely not raining, and not an afternoon. Probably six in the morning, or so. It smelled like healing potions–of course- and something that Draco couldn't recognize. Like a successful mix of strawberry, vanilla and a flower scent or…Wait a minute; he had smelled that before. On his sixth year, at Slughorn's lesson about Amortencia. He didn't recognized that smell, back then either … It was an addictive one. Draco wanted to carry this scent everywhere, with him, as he had always been hoping to find it again. Of course, when there is a war going on, there aren't lots of possibilities to come in contact with the most powerful love potion in the world…So, he wanted to close his eyes again and just fall asleep with this smell in his mind, without caring about anything else. About the pain in his body, or all these disturbing questions which were now rushing throw his mind- "You are awake, thank goodness!' he saw a woman, that he hadn't notice before, dressed on a blue skin-tight cocktail dress, sitting on the edge of his bed. She had black circles under her hazel-honey eyes and her hair was on a messy ponytail. Still bushy, but not that much, as if puberty had changed, a bit, one of her infamous characteristics. This woman was… no, it couldn't be… Granger? Draco jumped out of the bed as soon as he saw her. "What the-What are you doing here Mudblood?' "Draco? What- , she leaned near him, trying to catch his hand, but Draco stepped back. "Don't touch me, Granger!' Why is she here? "Granger?!' now it was her turn to back away, confused. "What did you do to me? Why am I here? Did you cast a curse on me?' Hermione raised her eyebrows. "I…I… Draco I did nothing to you. It was an attack-' "You mean an attack you planed, don't you? Or you are just lying… Take me back to where I was. Now!' She blinked; "Sorry, where?' "Ah, so you are not a know-it-all, right? And think that everybody calls you the brightest witch of your age! Back to Hogwarts Express, of course! Where you kidnapped me from, Granger!' "Is this a joke, because it is not funny anymore…and you will go nowhere! What is going on with you?! Do you find it that entertaining?! You will stay here with me, until you recover!' "No I will not! I would neither spend time with you, nor stay in the same room with you! I wouldn't and I won't, because I hate you!' Hermione looked like someone had just slapped her. "I-I am going to call the Healers and the others. Ehm… you better stay here… 'she quickly crossed the room on her heals, and let the door close with a big bang , before glaring at him, once again. Draco lied on the bed again, exhausted as he was, staring at the variety of medicines, -mostly Dreamless Sleeping Potions- on the table near the place where Hermione Granger was sitting some moments ago. Understanding that even if he willed to fall asleep, he wouldn't, he let his mind do its work. What did just happen? Did I just hurt the Mudblood? I don't understand; what was she talking about? Why am I here, when I am supposed to be on my way to Hogwarts? Why am I injured? What happened to me? Why can't I remember? Granger must have Obliviated me, or Weasel or Saint Potter… Yeah, that is for sure. Differently, how can't I remember? And who are 'the others'? So many questions… His thoughts were interrupted by the door which suddenly slammed wide open, while a group of people came close to him. To Draco's surprise, except of Hermione, it was Ronald Weasley, his sister Ginny, Harry Potter, two Healers, Blaise Zampini, a couple Draco didn't know and his mother…! They all looked worried, but no one more than Hermione Granger, who was like she was going to lose the most important thing in her life. Or better, like she had just lost it… Draco was on his feet; "Mother, Blaise, what is going on, did she kidnap you, too? Are you all right, do you remember everything, because I-' he was cut off by a middle-aged Healer. "Mr. Malfoy, sit down, please.' , but he did not obey, still looking at his mother, waiting for her to answer. "Draco, dear, do as he said.' She advised him, so he could do nothing but sit on the bed. "Good. Now, tell us, how do you feel?' Narcissa asked taking a step forward. He snorted. "I don't know, I woke up injured in a bed at Saint Mango's, when I was supposed to be heading to Hogwarts and Granger, was sitting in the same bed with me wearing that dress, looking as she hadn't slept for days and she was kind to me! Then, all of you came here and I don't even know why! So, as you may have guessed, I feel better than ever!' he said. It was Blaise who spoke first; "What do you mean you were supposed to be heading to Hogwarts, mate? And Hermione is your wife, would you like her to behave-' "Wait, what?' "Hermione is your wife…?' the Italian repeated, as if he was talking to a four years old child. Draco couldn't believe in his ears. "No, she is not!' he argued. "Bloody hell…', Ron murmured. "What do you mean, Draco? Of course she is. You two have been married for four years, almost five actually.' Narcissa spoke. She seemed worried to death. "What are you guys talking about?! I can't be married to her! I hate her! She is the bookworm, a Mudblood -at this, the couple and Hermione's friends hold their breath, but she did nothing- she is best friends with the rest of the Disgusting Trio, she used to have those awful front teeth and her hair is like an animal's, or something, and so many other things! I can't have married her! I