I am rewriting this as I couldn't believe I wrote this much rubbish. Anyway, this is my best yet. But I won't rewrite again and make you all read this again. I will try not to make mistakes. 1 Artemis, the Goddess of the hunt and moon among many other things was not having a good day. Even saying she was not having a good day was an understatement. Her hunters had been running for what seemed like almost an entire day. Tired and exhausted after a fight with the Drakons, for what seemed like a week's battle had wanted them to find a safe haven and rest. But the drakon following them was relentless. Not that it hasn't got a reason... Her hunt had become very big and actually accounted to about seven hundred but now only twenty seven participated in the hunt with her. Others wanted a normal life, and hence had left. They thought of immortality as a curse and they wished for old age. The old Artemis would have killed her hunters for even thinking about settling down, but she had learned a lot more in the last seven thousand years than she had in her first half of her life. Yes, it should be said that during her first life she had every reason to come across as prude. Her opinion was black and white. Men dominated the world. They pillaged villages, waged wars, raped women and showed no respect for anyone of the other sex. And the women suffered, a lot. About seven thousand years ago, it had all changed and the world is now dominated by women. World War III and IV had occurred not much later after this ascension which has stopped the growth of the mortals' technology. Although Artemis had thought that women were the fairer sex, the oppressed one, the female race had proven her wrong. They had already proven that they could be as vile as men, if given opportunity. She had found that the male domination officially started because of the imbalance in the Olympian Council when her aunt Hestia gave up her throne for Dionysus, her brother who have nothing in common with her except for their father. To this date she still doesn't understand why he was given that position. Anyway, the number of males in the council exceeded that of females. This official male domination in the council had an immediate effect on the mortals. Men started to think that they were the superior ones. Their counterparts being used as bargaining chips and currency among the wealthier. Roughly seven thousand years after Hestia gave up her throne, the balance was once again disturbed, but this time in favour of the females. Dionysus had asked his father Zeus to take away his throne in exchange for lifting his punishment after the War of Monsters. He wanted to spend more time with his wife, Ariadne. He even promised to be at Camp Half-Blood to fulfill the rest of his punishment as long as Ariadne was with him. That was the only good thing he had ever done, in her opinion. This also caused her to think about his love for his wife. Perhaps, not all men were too vile like... Never mind. Anyway, when Dionysus was removed, Annabeth Chase, Daughter of Athena, minor goddess of Architecture, battle planning and war strategy, was appointed as the 14th Olympian, seeing as Uncle Hades and Aunt Hestia had been reinstated as Olympians after the Second Giant War. Annabeth was made a goddess after the war with Tartarus which was the most brutal war of the Olympic Wars. The Second Titan War, The Second Giant War and The War with The Pit (also called the War of Monsters). She was made a goddess not only because of her heroic actions in these wars, but also because of her mother's judgement as a possible asset for Olympus' future. Although in Artemis' opinion, Athena was scared of the girl committing suicide. Near the end of the last war, she was brutally raped by her then boyfriend, Percy Jackson, son of Poseidon. Her mother thought that immortality could take away her pain, and she was right. She has moved on from that painful memory and has married after about 800 years. Her husband, Mike Jason, a son of Vulcan, was made an immortal to be with her as long as she lives. Although she has been a kind one among goddesses, Artemis could see that she held a grudge against demigods, especially Romans. It was not that noticeable but it hadn't escaped Artemis. Maybe it was just her seeing things but Artemis could see that Annabeth, unlike her fellow gods who were turned after the Olympic Wars, was distant from demigods. Artemis guessed it was a bit of hubris and Athena's anger against Romans. The female dominance in the Council and world affected many Olympians but none greater than Athena herself. Pallas Athena is the daughter of Métis, Titaness of wisdom and Zeus, the Olympian King and the Lord of the Skies. The goddess of Wisdom, Knowledge and War seems to hate all male demigods after the rape of her daughter and a particular...incident. She had made peace with Poseidon after centuries of squabble. She quite liked the demigod daughters of Poseidon. There are only two of them actually and they are both in the Hunt. She usually ignores Poseidon's demigod son and her own sons. Although, Artemis suspect it is to prevent another hurt to her heart after what Alex inflicted. When the dominance in the society changed in favour of women, it was necessary for a physical dominance of females in the Olympic Council and so Hecate, daughter of Perses, Titan of destruction, and Asteria, Titaness of nocturnal oracles and falling stars, was crowned as the 15th Olympian. It is not known what happened as Hecate usually didn't differentiate between males and females in the past, but after the dawn of the Age of Women, she started ignoring the prayers of her sons and began to treat them like they didn't exist. She also began to become more hostile towards men in general, both mortal and immortal alike and would likely have vaporized many men if not for the Ancient Laws which were also re-written seven thousand years ago. She still tries to hurt as many men as possible, though. She doesn't trust her own father. But what surprised all the gods who saw all these changes was the change of Phoebe Artemis, daughter of Leto, Titaness of Womanly demure and Motherhood, and Zeus. They were very surprised to see that the change in her was...nothing. She acted as if nothing in her changed and her killing of men without reason also lessened very much. She still didn't like men very much and has not been married to one even with her lesser tendency to turn males to jackalopes, but she does refrain from killing them. Artemis couldn't help but laugh at the expression that was on her fellow Olympians' faces at the time when she asked her father, Zeus, to make the hunt open for all virgins, as she was their patron. When asked whether it wasn't already so, she had replied that the hunt was till now open for only female virgins and she wanted it to be extended over to the male ones too. Even Athena looked dumbfounded that she hadn't thought about it like that. When Zeus asked her why, her answer was that it was a suggestion by a certain someone. When further questioned, she did not answer. It was because the suggestion was placed before her by a man many years before and while he may be a rapist; his suggestion was not a bad one. It was necessary now under the circumstances. Women had started to act like men so much that it disgusted Artemis to call herself a woman. They were one of the reasons for the World Wars that shook the world recently, just like their counterparts in the past. She also saw how many mothers now began to shun their sons and favour their daughters. Women began to cheat when they saw that their husbands were not enough, like men had done in their golden age. Their husbands started to suffer their "better" one's abuse and were unable to do anything. Boys were often used to do all hard jobs, both outside and inside the house while their sisters and mother sat on a lounge and entertained themselves. Some women were very sadistic and often experimented on their sons and husbands. It was like men were paying for the mistakes that were committed on their counter parts during their golden age by their ancestors. While the women in the past were allowed to cry and shed their pain and agony in the form of tears as men found it amusing, the men in the new age did not have that luxury. They were not allowed to cry and would often be insulted like "look how weak you are", "look how pathetic you are", etc. Women would not allow men to cry as it ruined their good wife and good mother reputation although all was becoming the same. Mortal laws were bent in favour of women and men complaining about their wives soon found themselves either in cold, dark dungeons waiting to be punished each day or on their way to the underworld. The Golden Age of Women had begun to become a hell on earth for men as it had been for women in the past. The male demigods got the hardest blow. Even though the Ancient Laws has been re-written such that every immortal parent has to visit his/her child each month, instead of never, till the age of 17, it was still limited as they had to attend to their duties. Also, it had been made into the Law so as not to have siblings of same parents as had been the case of Thalia Grace, the minor Goddess of the Hunt and Jason Grace, the lieutenant to his father Zeus, unless they are twin siblings. This was one of the main reasons male demigods were hated by their mothers. After the demigod has been born into this world, the god's visit will be limited to once in a month. Also, when he visited, the attention would only be given to their sons and to provide them with sufficient knowledge to keep them safe. The mother often felt neglected and framed her son for his inability to protect himself so that it robs her of the attention of the god that should have stayed with her. It also did not help that gods are amazing lovers in bed. Artemis could not yet decide that men are saints, but she does now recognize that males and females alike are capable of both evil and great things. Like in the Age of men, there are a few women out there who are not like the rest but they make up only a meagre population. Artemis was delighted when she was approached by her hunters, who she considered her daughters but never called them, asking her to do something so that their fates in the Age of Men would not be imparted to any other person. When she discussed her own thoughts about the domain of virginity with them, they were the ones to introduce the idea of allowing virgin males into the hunt so as to offer them a home as The Hunt has been for them for centuries. After passing a truth test, courtesy of her now officially accepted younger twin brother, of course. They said that they could provide both sides of humanity with a home and could make each sex respect the other. Artemis, too, had considered this idea at first, but after thinking that her hunters would not accept it, she had left it. Now, with the support