Sorry, first fanfiction. Constructive criticism is appreciated. This will be sad, but hopeful. Percy is 25, Annabeth is 26. They are married and have a son named Sam. It is after Annabeth's birthday but before Percy's. Also, I don't know when I will be able to update. I do not have a schedule, and I have been working on this for at least a year on google docs. By the way, I believe in long chapters, this is almost 5000 words. I might, eventually make a prequel, but this is where I imagined the start of the story. CHAPTER ONE Percy POV - Overrun "Retreat!" The Romans had been fighting the onslaught for about a week now, because of us. Camp Half-Blood was first, now it's a burning pile of ruins, we didn't last one day. When we figured out we would have to run, the most important thing was to get the new and young campers out, while the older campers covered them. My job was to make sure that they got to Camp Jupiter safely; I was one in about a dozen older campers who had this job. Annabeth wasn't one of them. The people who stayed behind fought, while a group would break away every few hours, trying to get to safety and bring supplies like drachmas, ambrosia, nectar, weapons, and mortal money. Heartbreakingly, before the last group got away, Camp Half-Blood fell, and as one of the oldest members, Annabeth fell with them. We lost so many people that night, so many powerful demigods. We didn't even know what we were fighting, no mortal had ever seen it, and so it had no name, until that day. Οι καταστροφείς The destroyers. Once we got to Camp Jupiter, the older campers and I put up some tents and stuff that we were able to grab from a Wal-Mart on our way across America in the Field of Mars. Once we crossed the border, every one asked questions, especially my friends Mark, Hazel, and Reana. Leo, Jason, Piper, Nico, and the Stoll twins tried our best to answer them, but probably failed miserably. "Something attacked our camp, we don't know what but we named it 'Οι καταστροφείς', 'The destroyers'. The day that they attacked, it seemed peaceful at camp, but not quite right. at about noon, they started coming over the border, slow at first, but fast enough that they just kept piling up on us, because we couldn't figure out how to kill them, it ended up being a line of older campers holding them back, the older campers split into two groups, and switched from carrying the wounded away, to fighting, so, after a while, we knew that we would be overrun, so with the older campers that weren't fighting at the moment, we made a plan to evacuate the camp and leave in groups, the wounded, the young, the new, we told them to quickly grab their belongings and meet in the dining pavilion, and then their was an older camper assigned to them, because it was the biggest group and the most vulnerable, I was voluntold. the monsters were more interested in getting to camp than killing us, so we were able to start the cross country trip over here, we were met with other monsters on the way, but they were few and far between, we put nico in the first group so that he could be the emergency evac for the last group, once we got a few miles away, nico stayed behind so that he was a safe distance away, but it wouldn't take much energy to get there and back, and the monsters would have to go the long way, so, a head start. once nico is situated, we left one of the older campers that came with us to stay with him. then we headed out. a few hours later the next group is on its way, and met up with nico, and nico sent an IM to me to tell me." I let nico continue the story. "it was the same for the next 4 groups, all according to plan, then the 5th group. this was the 2ed to last one, and I waited to hear from the other groups if they had caught up, each group was a few miles apart, but within sight, so once I heard from the 4th group that the 5th group was a good distance away, I shadow traveled into the camp and grabbed onto the first camper I saw, I told them to make a chain of people, and tie a line around their waist so they could still fight, and while they were doing that, all the monsters piled on top of them while fighting with increased vigor, and when one of the athena kids fell, annabeth, well, she heard her brother's cry of pain as he fell, and risked a look to see if he was ok, and the monster she was fighting, took advantage of it, and… killed her. I grabbed her brother and shadow traveled away with the rest of the group. she wasn't connected to the rope yet." Afterword, when all the questions were ansured, and tents put up, I went searching for a good hill overlooking Camp Jupiter and New Rome. There was one right by the river timber, so I grabbed a rock to mark the hill, turned around and saw Nico. "Hey" "Hi" I answered, I was surprised by how hoarse my voice sounded. "Are you ok?" he asked. "No! She… my wife… she, she... died!" then I started crying, the tears just streamed from my eyes as if the ocean had flooded them. I collapsed on the ground holding my face. "Our son, what will I tell our son..." "I don't know Percy, I don't know, but you need to keep it together, the campers depend on you. You are, well, now you are the oldest camper, you're freaking 25. Not many Greek demigods survive to that age, well, it hasn't been long in this new era to see that, but you know what I mean." There was a horn in the distance, it blew again and again, all together three times. "That's the signal for war" I ran to the Greek campers camp, wiping the tears from my eyes, Nico following shortly behind me. "Now we know what they want." "I don't care what they want, we need to protect the campers!" "I'm sure they're safe for the moment." "I don't care about a moment, they're in danger!" I finally entered the camp, the roman army parting around it, "Older campers, we need to get the younger campers to safety!" I yelled to them. I turned to Reana, who was walking past me, "Where can we move them to?" "Get them to New Rome they will be safe there, unless we fail." "Alright," I said turning from her, "Nico, Stole Brothers, get them to new Rome, the square, make sure they're safe." "But we want to fight." Nico said. "I know, but you can bring up an army at the call of a word, and the Stoll brothers, they can put traps around to slow down invaders. You guys are the best people to put on to protect them until the other groups arrive." "If they arrive..." Nico murmured. "They'll be fine, don't worry, he'll be fine." "I hope so..." "Now go!" He and the Stoll brothers ran off to gather the campers. "Percy!" Reana yelled. I ran over, "Yeah?" "They're a couple hours away, you sure that your up to it, you lost allot, you have to take a break to mourn." I glared at her, "we are on the battlefield, I mourn right now and I'm dead, how did you get a heads up?" "We have look outs 10 miles away, all connected with iris messages." "Are there any demigods on their way?" "Yeah, all collected in groups about a mile between them." "How many groups?" "5" "I need to make a few iris messages." I ran to the timber and lifted a spray, "Iris, goddess of the rainbow, please accept this offering" and with that I threw a drachma into the mist, it vanished. "Clarisse, Camp Jupiter." "Clarisse" "Hey, what's up?" "They're behind you, hurry up and tell the others. There are 5 groups including you, the last one… well, they didn't make it." she had a sad look, "Ok." I swiped my hand through the mist. "Now, back to battle..." An hour later the other campers arrived, and I told them to go with the younger campers and strengthen their defenses, but my real reason to send them was to protect them because they were travel ridden, and needed rest. When I was getting my armor back on, Reana came in, "They're 20 min away, any advice on how to kill them?" "Cut off their heads, be careful though because weapons don't always work, and after the battle if you get the chance, burn the heads so they don't grow back and multiply, it happens, but it's very random." It takes about an hour for it to happen, so..." "Thanks, are you Ok, you look as if you walked through hell again." "Ask me again after battle, we should go to the front." "Yeah, let's go." "Retreat! To The field of Mars. Go!" Too much pain, suffering... Death. With a burst of fury, the River Timber exploded into a massive wall. I walked into the river to my waste, and the wall grew higher, "You are never going to harm another demigod life in the protection of Camp Jupiter again!" I said with difficulty, the wall stopped growing, the demigods on the outside ran through untouched, but soaking wet, when the monsters saw their ease, they tried, and burst into dust once they touched the water. Once I saw the last demigod come through, I made the wall bend over and spill over into the mass of monsters until it reached the tunnel. Then the wall straightened out until it was 20ft high and a foot wide. Reana an over, "How did you do that?" She said trying to pull me from the water. "Don't pull me from the river." "But you're pale, you need rest and unicorn drought." "I have very little energy left, if I leave the river that energy will be non-existent, the river is replenishing it, with a little help from my dad. I have a feeling that I will never be able to leave the river as long as the wall is up." "So what do we do, since you're stuck?" "Help the wounded, there might still be some on the other side of the wall." "Wait, does the wall go all the way around?" "Yep." She was quiet for a moment, and then she walked away. "Percy," a man said behind me, "you really pushed yourself there." I sighed, "Hi dad, thank you. I probably would have died." "Yes, you would have." I realized that the scenery had changed, "Guess I passed out. I was wondering why Reana hadn't said anything." "I thought it might have been a little unsettling, and you needed the rest." I nodded. "Now that the battle's over, you should start thinking about what happened, there are some things that the water cannot heal." "I know, it's just so painful, because I wasn't even there for her, and our son, he's in danger because those monsters are on some sick mission to kill every demigod. We don't even know if they will ignore mortals like other monsters, and I can't do anything about it because I can't leave Camp Jupiter to Crumble like Camp Half-blood." "Don't worry about your Mother, Paul, or your son, I will guide them safely here." "Do you know what they are?" He was silent, "I do not know what they are, but I know who sired them, Night, or at least one