All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. The characters and events in this story are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author. No part of this fiction may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means without the author's prior approval. Chapter 1 Begin Again. I was not looking forward to my senior year. "I don't want to go to this school, Dad!" I whined over the phone as I attempted to pay attention to the rainy road that I was slowly driving on. "I know, Kid, but that's where your mother and Phil want you to go. It'll help for college or something." He murmured, repeating the load of shit that my mother and her husband had fed him. They promised that me attending the private school in Port Angeles would benefit my education much more drastically than Forks Public High School. Charlie, my dad, and I were both completely aware of the fact that Renee, my mother, just wanted to keep me out of Forks and away from him. "You and I both know that's a load of bullshit," I said out loud and I heard Charlie suppress a chuckle. "Watch your mouth." He corrected me and I rolled my eyes. He repeatedly told me that swearing wasn't lady-like. I hated to hurt his feelings, but he was the one who taught me the words that I tended to spit out when pushed too far. "You'll do fine. You're a smart kid." "It's not really my grades that have me worried, Ch-Dad." I corrected myself quickly. Charlie didn't like it when I referred to him by his first name. Renee raised me calling her 'Renee' and calling him 'Charlie', so it was hard for me to make the adjustment when we moved back to Washington. I thought of the bratty kids that I was going to be going to school with. "It's the twerps that I'll have to go to school with." "My middle-aged seventeen-year-old." Charlie sighed and I pursed my lips, felling my nerves tighten in my stomach. I was getting closer to the school. "You never know, Bells. You could make a friend or two." "This is my senior year. These other snot-faces have been attending this school since kindergarten. The thought was nice anyway." I explained and he sighed dejectedly. Even he knew that I was dead meat, not that he was going to admit to it. I didn't need him to admit to anything. I knew my father – we were too much alike. "Thanks for trying to help. I'm about to pull in, so I should hang up before one of the recourse officers pull me over." "Don't make me bail you out of jail." Charlie laughed on the other end and I smiled. I wished so badly that I could move in with him, instead of Renee and Phil. He was so laid back and so much more understanding. I didn't have to say a word when it came to my dad. Neither of us had ever been verbose, but we had a connection. He didn't need to hover the way that Renee had. "Love you." "I love you, Dad. I'll call you later." I hanged up and tossed my phone into the passenger seat of my truck. It probably wasn't the best thing that I could have done with the iPhone that Phil bought me, considering my seats weren't the softest in the world, but I figured that the designer car and designer phone could work it out on their own. I had never felt very comfortable in the sleek, red Volvo that Phil insisted I drive. I wanted to drive the faded red, practically rusted orange, truck that waited for me in Charlie's driveway. It may not have been the most cooperative vehicle, but it was mine and it wasn't flashy. Plus, that thing would make it through the biggest car pileup on the highway – I was safe while driving it. It was my tank and it was nothing like the pathetic lady-bug that I was being forced to drive. The only thing about the Volvo that I liked was that it blended in with the rest of the cars at Port Angeles Prep. I pulled in beside another Volvo. This one looked a bit newer, bigger, and silver. I admired it as I collected my things and got ready to enter the building. One would expect the school to be less modern, but it wasn't. Half of it was made of glass and built in abstract structures. That put my mind a bit at ease because it wouldn't be some old school full of elderly teachers and students who had family attending it for generations. Everyone at the school was technically fairly new. The other schools I had gone to, during the many different moves I had been on, weren't quite so modern and taught everything by textbook. The change of scenery was welcome in my life. I climbed out of the car and straightened my uniform out. Another thing that I couldn't help but appreciate was the casualness of the school's uniform policy. The main requirements for the female population was that we wore navy skirts and a white blouse. What accessories we added, like ties and blazers, headband, bows, stockings, and shoes, were almost completely up to us. They had smaller rules, like skirt length, shirt cut, and overall classiness of your look, but those were some small sacrifices in comparison. I actually kind of liked the uniform that I had chosen to wear for my first day. I had donned a navy blue pencil skirt and a white, short sleeved blouse. The blouse had navy blue pinstripes and was very feminine, but not too girlie. I wore thick, white, accented tights and navy blue flats. I knew that, unlike most of my classmates, I wouldn't survive a day in designer heels. Instead, I met middle ground and wore designer flats. They weren't as comfortable as I wished, but they were better than my other options. I topped the look off with a red headband, holding my long, dark curls back, and matching red lipstick. I had never been a fashionista, but that was a pro to wearing uniforms. It minimized my need to put together an outfit. I was pleased as I scanned the parking lot and noticed that my uniform wasn't that different from anyone else's. The rest of the girls were dressed accordingly, only most of them took the skirt to an even shorter level. The guys at the school wore navy pants, white button-down shirts, Doc Martins, and dark-colored ties. The ties were supposed to be their creative outlet with the uniform. The look was very sleek and it matched the females nicely. I shook my head, scolding myself for being so fashionably aware. I had no place to judge others' appearances. "Oh, look, it's Bella Swan!" Jessica Stanley, one of the, both, wealthier and skankier girls of the school shouted and my eyes shot to her. She was playing with the ends of her thick, curly brown hair and had her usual snarky look on her face. I thought, in that moment, that she resembled a vulture. She was hungry and going after the weakest prey that she could find. She shouted again. "Or should I call you Ugly Duckling? I'd say you're weird and ugly enough." Of course I was the weak prey. I felt my ears grow hot as I rushed past her, into the school. I had zero intention of hanging around and hearing what else she wanted to say about me. Her stories were never true but her rumors always lasted. It was best for me to not know which ones she personally started. I walked into the school and began walking down the wide, main corridor. I had retrieved my schedule and student information at enrollment, the month before. I made sure to memorize everything ahead of time. I didn't feel like getting lost on my first day, not on top of everything else. It didn't take me very long to find my locker. I dumped anything I didn't need in there and then tossed my backpack back onto my shoulder. It, of course, was a designer bag and made of black leather. Renee thought it was the most adorable thing and just had to buy it for me. It was one of the more impersonal gifts that she had given me but I wasn't going to argue anymore. I just took what she and Phil gave me, and moved on. I was done at my locker and decided to just go off to my first class. My first class of the day was Advanced Placement English with Mr. Mason. I had always been a lover of literature and reading was something that I excelled in. I knew, as the teacher handed me my reading list, that even the hardest class the school offered was going to be a bit too easy for me. We were going to spend the first semester on my favorite book, Wuthering Heights. Then the second semester on Romeo and Juliet. I didn't mention to the teacher that I studied Shakespeare during my freshman year and that I re-read Wuthering Heights many times in my free time. I decided that I could use English as a study-hall for myself instead. I didn't know anyone else in the class, making me aware of the fact that it really was going to be my quiet time. After English, I continued on to Government with Mr. Jefferson and then Trigonometry with Mr. Varner. Neither of the two classes were my best subjects. They were actually two of my worst, aside from P.E. I was never a history buff and I was far from interested in the government. I wasn't quite old enough to vote and the next election was four years from where I was. I had never, ever been good in math and I still hadn't quite caught on. It didn't help that the teachers were complete jerks and made the class even more miserable than it had to be. I was counting the seconds until I was free to go to Spanish. Spanish wasn't a favorite either, but it was easy for me. I wasn't sure what it was about languages, but I just understood them. The Spanish teacher, Mrs. Goff, was a crazy, small woman who bounced off the walls. She introduced a student teacher, Mrs. Salvador, who was the opposite of her. Mrs. Salvador was taller, dark-haired, dark-eyed, and very calm with the class. I liked her peaceful teaching style over Mrs. Goff's. That was a class that I could always count on to go by quickly. After Spanish was Music and lunch. I had always enjoyed playing the piano, even if I had learned during my lessons that I wasn't the most talented, and I knew that the music class would simply be another easy A. I had first lunch, but I had to arrive as the music classroom for roll-call first. I took my time crossing the building, to that class. I knew that I could expect to see the faces of many kids who I didn't like in that room. I wasn't particularly looking forward to it because of that. I pulled the heavy door open and walked into the music classroom quickly. Everyone had already arrived and taken their seats on the riser-like steps that took up half of the room. I walked over to the end furthest from the crowd and departed my stuff. It looked like everyone else had already taken