-Contritum- -Prologue- AN: We wish to give out a trigger warning for "difficult situations" please stop reading if you find yourself emotionally triggered or stressed by the events depicted in the chapter. Thank you for your time. Mr. and Mrs. Dursley. Of Number Four Privet Drive, were proud to say that they are perfectly normal thank you very much. They were the last people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious because they simply didn't hold with such nonsense. Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills. He was a very big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did have a very large mustache. Mrs. Dursley was thin and blond and had twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very handy as she spent so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on the neighbors. The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their opinion, there was no finer boy anywhere. The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and their greatest fear was that someone would discover it. They didn't think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters. Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursley's sister, but they hadn't met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didn't have a sister because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was possible to be. The Dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors would say if the Potters arrived on the street. The Dursleys knew that the Potters had a small son, but they had never seen him. The boy was another reason for keeping the Potters away; they didn't want Dudley mixing with a child like that. Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on a gray Tuesday morning, and there, our story began. There was nothing about the cloudy sky outside that suggested that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country. hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work while Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily, wrestling a screaming Dudley into his high chair. None of them noticed a large Tawny owl flutter past the window. At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase and picked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek. He tried to kiss Dudley goodbye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum, throwing cereal at the walls. 'Little tyke' chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house. He got in the car and backed out of Number Four's driveway. It was at the corner of the street that he noticed the first sign of something peculiar-a cat reading a map. For a second, Mr. Dursley didn't realize what he had seen, then he jerked his head back around to look again. There a tabby cat standing at the corner of Privet Drive, but there wasn't a map in sight. What was he thinking anyway? It must have been a trick of the light. Mr. Dursley blinked and stared at the cat. It stared back. As Mr. Dursley rounded the corner and up the road, he watched the cat in his mirror. It was now reading the sign that said Privet Drive no, looking at the sign; cats couldn't read maps or signs. Mr. Dursley gave himself a little mental shake and put the cat out of his mind. As he drove into town he thought of nothing but a large order of drills that he was hoping to get in that day. Leaving Mr. Dursley to his affairs, we traverse elsewhere, north up to the small border village of Godric's Hollow where a small family was frantically shuffling about. 'Quick Lily, he's coming! We don't have the time to lose!' A black haired bespectacled man spoke silently as he blockaded the door and windows, hurriedly throwing up extra spells to slow down any would-be attackers. 'I've just finished love! With any luck, our son will find my diary when the time comes!' A red haired woman replied with similar urgency, hair matted with sweat. The man nodded before whipping out his wand. 'Quickly hide yourself and Harry. I'll hold Voldemort as long as I can!' The women ran up a set of stairs, where in a nursery, she placed a hand on her baby's stomach. A faint silver glow emanated, pulsing softly. 'Harry James Potter, always remember that we love you.' BOOM!the house quivered. The women turned, seeing green flickers on the stairway. Seconds later, a dull thump. Deep in her heart, she knew that her James was gone. And the creak of floorboards meets her ears. She maintained her hand upon her son's stomach for a second longer, after which she rushed to the doorway, where she faltered. And before she could draw her wand she gave a mighty screech. 'NOOO!' An unholy green light filled her vision, and then it was gone. Death was instant. Her limp body fell to the floor. A tall nose less man stood at the doorway, his cold laugh filling the darkness with a further fare. His slitted eyes gazed down the one-year-old boy staring upon the dead body of his mother. The boy began to wail loudly. The wicked man grinned evilly, certain of his victory. 'AVADA KEDAVRA!' Lord Voldemort went wide eyed. His vision was filled with green, as the backlash shook the house. His body disintegrated, becoming mere dust on the floor. The house was left in ruins as the dust settled. The aftermath was clear as daylight. A large gaping hole where part of the roof and wall should have been. The nursery was in shambles. The living room's windows had been blown out, shatter across the lawn, along with the brickwork from the rest of the house. In his crib, little Harry had cried himself to sleep. The evil man was nowhere to be seen. It wasn't until nightfall that a large motorcycle interrupted the sorrow filled scene. A large man, with a beard that grew wild, dismounted and looked upon the once beautiful cottage that had belonged to Lily and James Potter. He let several tears escape, not believing what he was seeing. Entering the splintered remains of the living room, the half giant found the lifeless body of James underneath the rubble. Continuing onwards, the large man walked up the stairs and found Lily Potter, sprawled across the floor of the nursery. And still sleeping in his crib was Harry James Potter… The-Boy-Who-Lived. Back at Number Four Privet Drive… an elderly man met with the same tabby cat that Mr. Dursley had been confronted with earlier that morning. The dark concealed them from unwanted attention. 'Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall.' The man said, turning to face the tabby cat. Though it was now replaced by a rather severe looking woman. She wore square glasses that held the same shape as the marks on the cat, and wrapped around her was an emerald green cloak. Her black hair was drawn into a tight bun. She looked distinctly ruffled. 'How did you know it was me?' 'My dear professor, I've never seen a cat sit so stiffly.' She snorted derisively. 'You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on brick wall all day,' 'All day? When could you have been celebrating? I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here.' Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily. 'Oh yes, everyone's celebrating all right,' she said impatiently. 'You'd think they'd be a bit more careful, but no - even the Muggles have noticed something is going on. It's on their news.' She jerked her head towards the Dursleys' dark living-room. 'I heard it. Flocks of owls, shooting stars, well, they're not completely stupid. They are bound something. Shooting stars down in Kent- I'll bet that was Dedalus Diggle. He never had much sense.' Professor McGonagall said with annoyance. Unnoticed by either, a large old Barn owl sat up in a nearby tree listening intently to their discussion, never shifting its position as the cold breeze ruffled its feathers. The owl looked away from the two, as the groaning of an engine penetrated her ears. Out of the sky descended something, something large. While any Muggle would have assumed a plane was about to crash on top of them, they would be completely surprised to see a jet black motorcycle landing peacefully upon Privet Drive. The owl continued to listen in, picking up on nothing that seemed relevant to her mission there. Close to an hour after the Motorcycle arrived, the three wizards left, leaving the owl to fly down as it landed upon the pavement. However, she was no longer an owl, but an elderly woman, at least twice the age of Albus Dumbledore. Her face remaining hidden underneath her hood, she moved a shaky hand upon the babe who for the time being slept peacefully In a basket. A small warm golden light radiated from the women's hand. 'Good luck Harry, and always remember what I have told you.' The women took a deep breath, turning away from the sleeping boy. Her form shimmered, and she flew off as an owl, before being blown away into golden dust. Throughout the rest of the Magical community in the United Kingdom, men and women silently raised their glasses for a toast. 'To Harry Potter! The- Boy- Who- Lived!' ~ Line Break ~ Ten years had passed since that day when the Dursleys had awoken to find little Harry on their doorstep, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all. The sun still rose in the same tidy front garden and lit up the same brass four on the Dursley's front door; it crept into their living-room, which was exactly the same as when Mr. Dursley had seen that fateful news report about the owls. Only the pictures on the mantlepiece really showed how much time had passed. Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing different-coloured bobble hats - but Dudley Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a roundabout at the fair, playing computer games with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother. The room held no sign of another boy lived in the house, too. Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for long. Amongst with the lightning bolt shaped scar that had made him famous were dozens of other scars, cuts, and bruises, marking his body all over. His Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice which made the first noise of the day. 'Up! Get up! Now!' Harry woke with a start. His aunt rapped on the door again. 'UP!' She screeched. Harry heard her walking towards the kitchen. He rolled onto his back, doing his best to avoid the painful sting that accompanied the scars from yesterday's punishment. He quickly learned (one of the several lessons that his body afforded him) not to speak when facing his aunt and uncle, or the consequences would be dire. 'Slaves are to be seen, not heard' was his Uncle Vernon's first and foremost rule of the household. At least as far as Harry was concerned, as for Dudley, Vernon viewed his son as the prince of the household and would get whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted it. 'Are you up yet you filthy mongrel. I want you to cook breakfast. And don't you dare let any of it burn or else. I want everything perfect on Duddy's birthday.' Harry groaned internally. Dudley's birthday- how could he have forgotten?! As Harry was cooking, Dudley was counting his gifts with some difficulty, though when he had managed the difficult task his grin fell and his cheeks flushed in anger. 'Thirty-six' he said looking up dangerously at his mother and father 'Darling, you haven't