A/N Okay so first off you have to know that I have changed some things. Bella never became good friends with Jacob when Edward left, in my fic Bella met Leah a few months after he left and sharing stories of their heartbreak they became fast friends, mainly by getting stone cold drunk and cursing out their exes. Leah became a wolf a month or so after she became friends with Bella, around February time after she saw Sam and Emily together on Valentine's day being all lovey-dovey. She phased in the woods on her own, Embry, Jacob and Quil had already phased as well as the others, but Seth hadn't and hasn't at the beginning of this fic. Harry Clearwater isn't dead, Edward was just stupid and didn't call for confirmation of Bella's death before running off on his suicide mission. The Cullen's came back like normal and Edward is his controlling self. Bella never met all the other wolves, her and Leah's friendship stayed away from the pack since Leah spends as little time with them as possible although Bella still figured out that Leah and the rest are Shapeshifters. If you are an Edward fan, you really won't like this fic. If you are a fan of witches and don't really give a shit about Edward, read on my friends, read on. Any questions feel free to review or PM me. Chapter 1 "Oh come on Leah, don't be such a bitch!" I say as I beg my best friend, who, at my words, turns around and gives me one of her meanest glares, which in all honesty, doesn't even bother me anymore. "I'm not being a bitch I just don't want to hang out with some pale face human from Forks." I glare right back at her because she just described me. "Seriously, you just described me more than Angela since Ange isn't even pale. Come on Leah, I know you're going nuts hanging out with just the pack all the time, and Angela has to be the nicest, sweetest person in the world, plus she recently went through a pretty bad break up and she needs this as much as you do, I think you could really like her, just give her a chance." Leah huffs because we both know I'm right, but she's still intent on fighting this. "Who said I even want to hang out with you Swan? You ditched me the second the leaches came back, I have seen you literally once since you got back from Italy, once in two months Swan and I'm meant to be your best friend, what the fuck is that about?" She asks, crossing her arms tightly over her chest and turning her face away from me to glare out into the forest. And I feel so guilty because I can hear the pain in her voice and see the hurt and anger in her eyes and most of all because she's right. I did ditch her once the Cullen's came back, but not because I wanted to. "Leah I am so sorry about that, I have wanted to see you all the time, I've been trying to see you but they've been keeping me so busy and I didn't know how to get away and Edwards been saying that your too dangerous, and I know that's bullshit but he has the ways and means to keep me away from you, but this is my chance to make it up to you and I really, really, really want to. Please, Leah, I've missed you so much." I feel like a babbling idiot and it's taking all of my emotional willpower to not become a blubbering idiot; I feel like I'm about to cry. "Why don't you just have your leaches over?" She asks, her tone cold and biting. "Because I'm damn well sick of them and I don't want to see them I want to see you." I tell her and her entire demeanour changes. She uncrosses her arms and grins at me, pulling me into a hug, which she pulls away from quickly since she's not much of a hugger. "That's all I wanted to hear, let me just go pack a bag." I jump up and down and squeal in a very un-me like way and follow Leah into her house. The only way I'd even been able to get out to La Push is by coming along with my dad at the very last minute so then Alice couldn't see me do it and Edward couldn't stop me, like he'd been doing a lot lately when I'd wanted to visit Leah. "Hey Bella, long time no see, I was starting to think you'd gotten bored of us." Leah's little brother, Seth greets me with a massive smile on his face. I'm shocked to see that he's grown at least three inches in the last few months and put on an impressive amount of muscle. "Hey Seth, I could never get bored of you, just been rushed off my feet is all, how've you been?" I ask him and his grin gets even wider. "I've been good, I had a growth spurt, can you tell?" He asks and I grin at him with a nod. "Are you kidding? Of course I can tell, you've got to be what 5'11 by now, you're just barely smaller than Leah now." "I know, it's great, there's no one else in my year at school that's as tall as me now, it's awesome." Leah comes bounding downstairs with a duffle bag over her shoulder as Seth's chest puffs out with pride. "Okay, I'm ready let's go." Leah says and Seth's face falls. "You're going already?" He asks. "Yeah, I'm staying at Bella's tonight while Charlie's fishing with Dad and Billy." "And we have to get back there before Angela turns up." Leah shouts goodbye to her mum and then leads the way out the door. "I promise I'll be around more Seth." I say, give him a quick hug and then follow Leah out the door. "I'm holding you to that Bella." Seth shouts after us, then waves from their front door as we climb in Leah's car and she drives us off the reservation and into Forks. "You're just lucky I have the night off patrol, you know that Swan?" Leah says as she pushes her car to its absolute limit, speeding her way to my house. "Yeah, I know." I say then close my eyes for the rest of the trip since I know from previous experience that, no matter how many times I ask her, she won't slow down how fast she's going and there's no way I could watch all the trees blur past the car without vomiting. Thanks to Leah's ridiculous speeding we're back at my house in no time and we get straight to setting up the living room with mattresses, blankets, pillows, lots of junk food and DVD's and such. Within half an hour of us being back at my house there's a knock on the front door and I rush to answer it with a big smile on my face. Expecting to see Angela on the other side of the door my smile falls away when I open it only to find Edward glaring at me from the porch. "What the hell is that dog doing here Bella?" Edward demands and Leah comes around the corner from the kitchen growling. "Don't call her that Edward she's my best friend, the better question is what are you doing here? You knew I was busy tonight and you know you're not supposed to come to the house without Charlie here." Edward very clearly ignored most of what I say as he glares right back at Leah. "Alice is your best friend." He tells me, as if it's his decision who I like and trust more. "No she's not Edward, Leah and Angela are the only best friends I have, not that that's actually any of your business, you're my boyfriend not my master for crying out loud now you have to leave." I tell him and he turns his glare to me. And then the glare suddenly falls off his face and he's giving me that lovely crooked smile I love. "I was coming over here to spend the night with you since your father isn't here to stop me from coming in, you can always change your plans Bella." His honey sweet voice is like magic to my ears and as I stare into his eyes I start to think that it would be okay for me to change my plans, I can always hang out with Leah and Angela another time, Edward and I should spend this time together. I am literally seconds away from asking Leah to leave when she scoffs from behind me. Edward glances up, glaring ferociously at her. I decide I want my girls night, I'd spent all my time with Edward since he got back, I wanted some time with my other friends, so I steel my resolve and when he looks back down at me I know he can see what I've decided. "I want to spend time with my friends Edward, we can't spend every moment together, so please, leave." "But Love-" He starts in that smooth voice but I put my hand up before he can continue. "No Edward, please just go, I'll talk to you some time tomorrow." His face falls into a calm mask and he takes a step back. "If that's what you want Bella, I will see you tomorrow." And he walks back to his car. "Talk!" I shout after him. "We will talk tomorrow!" He turns around, gives me a very slight nod, then climbs in his Volvo and leaves. Uch, that stupid Volvo. Anywhoo… "What a douche." Leah says after a moment of silence and I laugh, because, she's kinda right. "Yeah." I say and she gives me this stunned look because I've never said bad things about Edward before except when I'm drunk and I'm clearly not drunk right now. "What?" I ask once her staring starts to creep me out a little. "You agree that your creepy vampire boyfriend is a douche?" She asks and I nod. "Yeah, well, he was being a bit of a douche just then." "A bit?" Leah questions and as I roll my eyes there's another knock on the door. "That better not be another leach." Leah says and then walks back into the kitchen to make a sandwich as I open the door. "Hey Ange." I greet my other best friend and pull her into the house to give her a hug, as relieved as Leah that it wasn't another vampire. "Hey Bella, I brought over some snacks." We pull away from the hug and she brandishes a plastic bag with a bucket load of chocolate and candy and Doritos. "Awesome thanks Ange, come meet Leah." I pull Angela into the living room with me and grab her bags, dumping them onto the couch next to where Leah is lounging with her sandwich. "It's nice to meet you Leah." Angela says. Leah gives her a long, hard look. "Bella told me you just went through a bad break-up." When Ange nods Leah continues. "What happened?" "He cheated on me with a girl that was supposed to be one of my best friends." "What did you do about it?" Leah asks. "I punched her in the face and kicked him in the balls." Angela answers and I can't help but grin because, even though violence is so not-Angela, I absolutely loved it when she did that. Leah gives Angela a slow smile then stands up. "I think we're going to get along just fine Angela." Leah says which makes me squeal just a little tiny bit, which also earns me an eye roll from Leah. "I knew it." I