Our mother drove Bella and me to the airport, windows rolled down to let the warm breeze caress our skin. It was hot, as per usual, in Phoenix and I took full advantage of that. I was wearing a thin, white blouse with embroidered flowers carefully stitched into it; a farewell gesture to the place I'd called home for seventeen years of my life. Bella, my younger sister, sat beside me rather than taking the free seat beside our Mom up front. I knew she was taking our decision quite badly and was leaning on me for support, but it had been her idea in the first place. I'd just been the one to convince our mother to agree. We were going to live with our dad, Charlie-the police Chief of Forks. Forks, a small town north-west of Washington State was where Bella and I were born. It rained daily and clouds loomed constantly overhead. It was a rare, joyous occurrence when the clouds let up and the sun broke through. Our Mum had taken both Bella and me from there when I was nearly two and Bella was half way to one. But we visited every summer up until Bella was fourteen when she finally put her foot down and made our dad come visit us for two weeks instead. For some inexplicable reason, Bella had been the one to first broach the subject of the pair of us going to live in Forks. She hated Forks. Me? I was indifferent. I like Phoenix, but the heat often became unbearable and I found myself yearning for the gloominess of Forks. I hadn't any friends in Phoenix either, except Bella of course, but she doesn't really count. Unfathomably, I just couldn't connect with any of my peers in Phoenix. Bella seemed to have the same handicap. I hoped we'd have more luck in Forks. "Girls," Mom said to us -for the millionth time- before we got on the plane. "You don't have to do this." "I want to go," Bella lied, almost sounding convincing. "Mum, relax. Dad will take good care of us." I reassured, hoping to placate her with my smile. "Tell Charlie I said hi." "We will." "I'll see you soon," she insisted. "You can come home whenever you want - I'll come right back as soon as you need me." I struggled not to roll my eyes. She acted as if she'd never see us again. This was only temporary. "Don't worry about us," Bella urged, a lot more patient than me. "It'll be great. I love you, Mom." I echoed her sentiments, accepting my Mom's tight hug readily. It was a four-hour flight from Phoenix to Seattle, another hour flight up to Port Angeles, and then an hour in the car back down to Forks. I could tell Bella was getting nervous from the way her leg was incessantly bouncing up and down. I placed a hand on her thigh, stopping her movements. She looked at me with wide brown eyes. "Relax, Bells. I'm here." She seemed to calm slightly. We'd been inseparable since her birth, me taking on the caretaker role when our Mum went a little awol. I prided myself on being the one she confided in and often felt helpless when I couldn't ease her fears. Our dad was more than excited about the pair of us coming to live with him, going above and beyond to make sure we would be content in Forks. Charlie was a kind, genuine, and compassionate man but had trouble expressing his feelings; something Bella inherited, and me to some extent. No doubt he was confused about our decision -more so about Bella than me- she having not made any effort to mask her distaste of Forks. When we landed in Port Angeles, it was raining steadily. I regretted not choosing a jacket with a hood, my mahogany curls beginning to stick to my head. Dad was waiting for us with the squad car, unsurprisingly. One of the reasons Bella and I were adamant about buying our own car to share. The was nothing more degrading than riding in the back of a police car like a common criminal, people gawking -trying to get a glimpse. We were greeted with awkward one armed hugs when we disembarked from the plane, Bella stumbling slightly. "It's good to see you girls," He smiled, helping me steady Bella. "You haven't changed much," I snorted, I'd been the same height since I was fourteen, Bella was even taller than me. "How's Renee?" "She's fine, Dad. It's good to see you too, We've missed you." I smiled, nudging Bella till she nodded in agreement. We only had four bags between the pair of us so it took no time at all to fit them into the trunk. Most of our clothes weren't Forks appropriate unless we wanted to catch Hypothermia. "I found a good car for you both, really cheap." He announced when we were strapped in, me drawing the short straw and sitting in the back. Bella just shrugged when I glared at her. "Thanks, Dad." I was more than happy to not look a gift horse in the mouth, but Bella had other ideas. "What kind of car?" She questioned. "Well, It's a truck actually, a Chevy." "Where did you find it?" Damn, I thought with a quiet laugh, Bells would make a great interrogator. "Do you remember Billy Black down at La Push?" I said yes the same time Bella answered no. La Push was the Native American Reservation just outside of Forks. Billy was one of my Dad's best friends. He had a son a year younger than Bella and two daughters a couple of years older than me. If I recalled correctly, he was in a wheelchair because of a car accident. "He used to go fishing with us," Dad prompted Bella but her face remained blank. "He's in a wheelchair now," He continued. I was glad to know my memory was still in tip top condition. "So he can't drive anymore. He offered to sell me his truck cheap." "What year is it?" Dad's face fell. Uh oh, that meant it was old. "Well, Billy's done a lot of work on the engine - It's only a few years old, really." "When did he buy it?" "He bought it in 1984, I think." "Did he buy it new?" Geez, Bells. Give the man a break. "Well, no. I think it was new in the early sixties - or late fifties at the earliest." He was sheepish. I took pity on him, "Ease up, Bells. Cars like that are sturdier than newer ones, I'm sure it will be fine." Dad gave me a grateful look in the rearview mirror which I returned with a smile. "Ch-Dad," She'd always struggled to not call him by his first name, though I'm not sure why. "We don't really know anything about cars. We wouldn't be able to fix it if anything went wrong, and we couldn't afford a mechanic..." "Really, Bella, the thing runs great. Like Juni said, they don't build them like that anymore." "How cheap is cheap?" At least she sounded more accepting, cheap was a good thing. "Well, honey, I kind of already bought if for you guys. As a homecoming gift." He looked from Bella to me with a hopeful expression and I fought back the 'aw' that bubbled in my throat. "Thanks, Dad. We really appreciate it." I reached forward to give his shoulder a brief squeeze. Bella was not so easily won over. "You didn't need to do that, Dad. We were going to buy ourselves a car." I was really fighting the urge to smack her upside the head. What a way to seem ungrateful, Bella. "I don't mind. I really want you guys to be happy here." Like I said, a good man through and through. Back home we were we used to doing things ourselves. Renee wasn't exactly mother of the year, not to say she was a bad parent, but Bella and I had to learn to be responsible at a young age. It was a nice feeling to have a parent doing something for us for a change. "That's really nice, Dad. Thanks." Said Bella. Finally. "Well, now, you're welcome." I grinned. Back to his lovable, awkward self. There were a few more comments exchanged about the weather, which was wet, and that was the extent of the conversation. We stared out of the windows in silence. I'd always seen a hidden beauty in Forks. The tall trees with their moss-covered trunks, long, spindly branches creating a multicoloured canopy were enchanting. When I was a kid, I loved trekking through the forest at the edge of Charlie's backyard. Dad hated it, of course, being a cop made him particularly wary, but he didn't have the heart to stop me doing something I loved and so he made it a point to join me. We hiked, Bella stayed behind at the house; she's far too clumsy. Sometimes we stumbled across a lone woodland creature, drinking from a pond or grazing the grassland. I felt at peace in the forest. I started taking my camera with me, immortalising the scenery, the memory. Dad framed most of my shots. Eventually, we made it to Dad's - our - home. The exact same two-story house he'd bought when he and Mom first married. There, parked in front of the house, was mine and Bella's new truck. It was a faded red, rust on the wheel arches, with big, rounded fenders and a bulbous cab. I loved it, and from the look on Bella's face, she did too. It was sturdy looking, perfect for Bella's accident-prone nature. If she ever got in an accident driving that thing, both she and the truck would no doubt make it out unscathed. "Wow, It's beautiful. " I breathed, running my fingers delicately over the chipping paint job, flecks of the faded red paint sticking to my skin. Dad raised a thick brow. Okay, so maybe beautiful wasn't the right word to describe it but this truck had history, each chip in the paint, each dent in the bumper, each scratch told a story. This truck had lived a longer life than quite a few people and it said so with its bodywork. "Dad, I love it! Thanks!" Bella sounded the happiest she'd been since we'd finalised our decision to move here. Dad blushed with a gruff, "I'm glad you like it." But he looked quite pleased with himself. It only took one trip to get our stuff up to our room, Dad carrying one of my bags and one of Bella's, we carried our other bags. We shared the west bedroom that overlooked the front yard. I felt a sense of nostalgia stepping into the familiar room. The wooden floor, the light blue walls, the peaked ceiling, the yellow lace curtains - these were all reminders of our childhood. The only significant changes were switching out cribs for beds and adding a desk as we grew. The desk now had an ancient computer, one that should probably be in a junkyard. This was a stipulation from Mum so that she could stay in touch with us easily. The rocking chair from our infancy was still there. Dad used to fall asleep in that chair, a baby me cradled against his chest -or so my Mum told me. Dad left us alone to unpack and get settled, something our mother wouldn't have been able to do. It was a welcome change. Bella seemed to think so too as she let her facade drop, curling under her covers and staring dejectedly out the window, watching the rain fall -a few tears slipping down her porcelain cheeks. With a heavy sigh, I lifted the covers and slipped in behind her, wrapping my arm around her waist. She let out a