A/N: This was my contribution to the Dior Rob Contest. After being beta:d by the gracious shelikesthesound (thank you!) it was submitted, but then pulled when the organizers realized that the story could be connected to more than three prompts. (Which was likely so, since I wrote this piece in a dizzy fog with the entire Dior Homme film in mind. Have you seen it? It's awesome!) I was offered to edit it and re-submit, but because of the way it was written I couldn't extract any extra prompts without butchering the story. So here it is. I kind of love Dior Rob and wanted to try something new when writing this angry Edward. I hope you enjoy it! Leave some love for my heavily bruised ego, please! Looking for a Sea Change. Nothing of him that doth fade But doth suffer a sea-change Into something rich and strange. The December wind whipped across my face forcing wisps of blonde hair to snake through the air and drag across my cheek briefly like slimy moth-wings. My lips felt chapped and tasted of salt. Sand gritted between my teeth and my jaws were aching; I had been grinding them since I woke up this morning. My girlfriend laughed too loudly in the backseat. I let out a brief huff. Sorry, I mean my ex-girlfriend. I felt my eyes sting, and I wasn't sure if it was from tears or just the wind. Fucking Tanya . Why had I let myself be dragged into this humiliating double date? She sat behind me, and, in the rearview mirror, I caught glimpses of her tantalizing full lips, her perfect teeth, those slanted tawny eyes, and her hair - normally dirty-blonde but recently dyed brown. She'd fucking dyed her hair for this new guy. I couldn't believe it. I gritted my teeth and ground the gas pedal down, deliberately letting the sports car slide further into the wet sand, spraying us with more salt water. The girls shrieked then giggled. The guy whose name I couldn't pronounce, my ex-girlfriend's current boyfriend, swore softly in Russian. He looked soft and sleek like an expensive English dog with brown locks curling behind his ears. Somehow he made me think of something sweet and subtly rotten, the week old orange that you find at the bottom of a complimentary fruit basket. I despised him. I envied him. I loved his car. I hated his taste in clothes. I couldn't for the life of me understand what Tanya saw in him. I glanced at the quiet, blonde girl by my side. When I first saw her, I'd thought Tanya had brought a paler copy of herself to please me or possibly taunt me: soft curves, blonde flyaway hair that seemed perfectly natural in color, high cheekbones, and dark brown eyes. Her smile had been slow and tentative, a joke waiting to be translated into a new language. I'd given her hand a brief shake as we met and then let my eyes slide away from her to Tanya. Lovely Tanya with a model's body and a diamond heart. Ten weeks after our breakup, I was still obsessed with her. My hands gripped the steering wheel harder, pressing the texture of it into my palms and marking me as surely as Tanya's teeth once had. I felt as if the old bruises from our last fuck had barely faded. I didn't even know what I was doing here with her again, coming back for more? When the Russian suggested I drive the car he just bought, I thought he was quietly mocking me. Let him drive. Let him believe he's still a man. But then I caught a glimpse of his long, narrow hand sliding up Tanya's smooth thigh after he plunked down beside her in the back, and I realized my mistake. The sand, salt and wind hurt my eyes. My anonymous date touched my arm in a placating gesture. "Edward, are you all right?" she asked softly, leaning towards me. I caught a whiff of summer from her skin but instinctively pulled away from her touch. She wasn't Tanya, after all, just a substitute. Reluctantly, I forced myself to smile at her, a stiff smile; a closed door, swollen shut. "I'm fine …" My mind drew a blank. Had she told me her name? Had I listened? For a moment, I got caught in her dark eyes. There was something familiar there - maybe a memory, or maybe it was just a mirror of my own hurt. Whatever it was, its sting was sharper and yet more sweet than the winter wind. "Bella," her lips met on the soft percussion of the B. It was as if she kissed the air between us. "You can call me Bella." Suddenly, I swerved towards the water, the car stalling as I applied the brake. My hands on the wheel and my foot on the pedal seemed to know before my brain caught up that I'd had enough. Enough of being reminded of the mess my life had been with Tanya - and still was. I jumped out of the car and, in a couple of quick strides, I leaned over the side, the cool metal pressing sharply into my hip as my lips brushed Bella's silky cheek. "Come with me," I whispered, stopping only to see her faint nod before I leaned in and lifted her out of the car. Her body was solid but light in my arms - the only baggage I needed. Tanya and what's-his-name were making amused and angry noises in the back of the car. I ignored them, striding ahead though the winter sea. The ice cold water snaked its way around my ankles, causing me to tighten my grip on Bella. She pressed her head against my shoulder and relaxed in my arms, seemingly with perfect trust. Somehow, I needed her to trust me in that moment. Having no plans after leaving the car, I set her down in the sand. I noticed her shivering so I took her hand and started running away from the car along the beach. An old building loomed ahead of us, and I decided it would be a perfect place to get out of the cold. She was breathless and laughing by the time we reached it and her cheeks were pink. "Hey, Edward! Where are we going?" I couldn't answer her. I didn't know myself. I didn't know the "me" who'd ended up dating Tanya in a maze of lust and increasing rage for those five wasted months. I didn't know the jealous fool who broke up with her for the final time after playing the fight-and-make-up-sex game for too damned long. I didn't know the "me" who'd let her mark me and smack me or had enjoyed holding her down with physical force, biting her lips and pushing my cock deep inside her when all arguments had failed me. It was all a futile attempt to pierce her bubble of pride and spite, trying to pin her down and failing miserably even as I would explode inside her. I wanted that image out of my head and away from myself. I wanted … something else. Dragging my hands through my hair, I looked down at Bella's lovely smile and innocent face, an unwritten page as pure as the grey December sky. Did I want to mar that innocence? "Look, I don't know what I'm doing, but would you spend the day with me? Please?" I just knew I couldn't be alone, or I would go crawling back to Tanya on my knees, agreeing to any fucked-up thing she suggested just in hopes of ripping her panties off one last time. Bella's smile faded, and she bit her full lower lip, frowning at me. Then something clicked behind her soft eyes, and her brow cleared. She nodded and held out her hand. "Sure, Edward. Let's go exploring." Her small, cool hand clutched mine, almost disappearing inside. With a laugh that sounded as free and faraway as a bird's cry, she dragged me up the stairs to the rickety old bathhouse, her flared skirt flying. Busting the locked door open was so easy I was surprised no one had done it before us. Inside was nothing but dust and debris. Grey light filtered through cracks in the shutters across the windows. It was cold but not unbearably so. Maybe a hint of summer still lingered inside the scuffed walls. Bella walked ahead of me from room to room, her light steps making faint traces in the grey dust. I coughed then felt my pockets for cigarettes. "Hey, I need a smoke. Want one?" Bella looked over her shoulder shaking her head without replying as she walked on. As she disappeared through a door, I sighed and looked around for somewhere to sit. I felt antsy and apprehensive, expecting Tanya to follow us at any moment, pissed-off and provocative. But maybe she truly didn't care. Maybe we were really over. When I pushed a new door open, I saw that it was a bathroom. An old tub sat in the middle of the room, under a window. I climbed into it and lit up, leaning back against the cold ledge and closing my eyes. I felt like a body in the morgue. What was wrong with me? It was as if my life was over when it should be bursting with possibilities and excitement. Hearing a sound I opened my eyes and raised my head. Bella was standing in the room, dressed in an ancient-looking bathing suit. Her smile was uncertain as her fingers curled the blonde strands behind her ear. She looked beautiful and very, very young. "How old are you?" I blurted out, mumbling around the cigarette in my mouth. She looked around then sat down gingerly on the toilet seat shivering slightly. "Twenty-two." She leaned forward and took the cigarette from my mouth, taking a slow pull before inserting it between my parted lips. An unexpected spark of desire flickered through me when her cold fingers touched my skin, a match igniting and extinguished so quickly my breath hitched. "I thought you didn't smoke," I said to cover my brief confusion. She just shook her head, sending a thin smoke signal up toward the ceiling, her exposed throat a curving white feather in the gloom. "How old are you, Edward?" she asked me, arching an eyebrow. I smirked back at her. "Twenty-six. Old enough to know better. How do you know Tanya?" I didn't want to look at her face when she answered, so I closed my eyes again, concentrating on the pleasant burn of the smoke in my lungs. I could almost hear the shrug in her voice. "I've known her for six months. I met her while applying for a job at a modeling agency. She's so much more beautiful than me, but she's taught me a lot of things." She paused, then laughed, a low, embarrassed sound. "I even dyed my hair blonde to look like her. Can you believe it? I guess I'm too insecure to be doing this modeling stuff much longer. I should stick to waiting tables." I glanced at her. "What's your natural color?" I wanted to add that she was as beautiful as Tanya, but the words stuck in my throat. I didn't really want to talk about fucking Tanya. Bella wrapped her arms around her knees, and I watched the slope of her pale shoulder and the way the loose-fitting black bathing suit stretched across her hip. She wasn't model thin but slight and naturally curvy in a way that made me want to touch her. I curled my free hand to control the impulse. "My hair is brown like my eyes." Just then I noticed how brown they were. They reminded me of chocolate or coffee beans, even the glossy pelt of a sleek mink. The