This was my entry for the Bandward Contest - and if you haven't read the other entries you seriously should head over there, there were so many good ones! Thank you to everyone who reviewed, favorited and followed my entry! Some of you asked if I would continue the story: I am working on an EPOV outtake, and if that works out I might continue the story for a few chapters. No promises! My writing has been kind of stumped for a while... And, someone asked if I shouldn't have credited the lyrics? Well, you see, Bandward only sings what I write for him, so there's no need. ;-) Disclaimer: The author does not own any of the publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Just playing around here, folks! "So, Bella – partying at last?" I shook my head and smiled a little to myself before picking up my pink, girly drink from the bartender and turning around. "Well, Alice, you always say that I'm desperately eager to please everybody but myself, so tonight I'm doing my best to please you ." I stabbed her accusingly in the chest with one free hand, while balancing the stupid cocktail glass with my other hand for a sip before I spilled the whole thing down the front of my borrowed dress. Thank God at least the thing was black. Alice arched her perfectly formed eyebrows and smirked knowingly up at me. My tiny college roommate was also the nemesis of my social life. She had this crazy idea that college was about having fun , not preparing for a meaningful life and a successful career in the real world. Tonight, I'd given her free reins, and I was already beginning to regret it. I sipped the sweetly tart drink (hmm, sweet, tart , there's probably a joke in there somewhere) and glanced suspiciously around the dark club where Alice had dragged us. It was packed with people and humming with energy. She'd sworn it was the place to be tonight because of this indie band which was on tour around the country and now hit the Midwest. They had just started climbing the charts with their first song and, according to Alice, they were going to be huge soon. "People will be all I saw them that night before they were big , Bella. We've got to be there!" So, here we were. I loved music but I never went to concerts anymore. I still remembered the last concert I'd seen back when I was in high school. We'd piled into a van and driven to Olympia to see Edward Cullen play his last set for the summer, before he took off for college. Well, officially we went to see Eric, Tyler and Mike, too, but every girl knew who she was going to have her eyes glued on. Edward had magic hands, but he also had hypnotic green eyes, a sexy mouth, and narrow hips that did weird things to my vagina every time I watched him sway. I'd never crushed so badly on anyone before or after Edward, but luckily no one ever found out. I stood there in the restless crowd that night and watched him sing, dark and broody and sexy as sin, and I knew I could never, ever have someone like him. Nor should I want to. Someone like Edward could destroy a good girl like me. Bella Swan: class president, honors student, non-smoker, non-drinker. Probably destined to remain a virgin until 25. I shook my head and pushed my way out through the jumping girls who were screaming for Edward's attention, clutching my borrowed ID in my pocket. Were those tears of shame or regret I cried that night? I didn't know but I knew I'd never looked back, and I hadn't been to another concert since then, not until tonight. "Hurry up and finish your drink, Bella," Alice cried, breaking me out of my reverie. "We've got to get into position." Confused, I gulped down most of my drink and left the glass on the bar when Alice impatiently yanked on my arm and started weaving her way through the crowd like a small snake through high grass. "What, Alice?" I hissed impatiently, as she came to an abrupt stop, landing us within ten feet of the stage and uncomfortably squashed between hip-looking people of both sexes who looked as irritated as I felt at Alice's forward behavior. "Why do we have to force ourselves into the middle of the crowd when I was perfectly fine over at the bar?" Alice shook her head with a pitying look at me, adjusting her sequined red tank top. "You're really new to this, aren't you Bella? If you want to feel the music you've got to be close to the stage. It's a basic rule." She grinned at me with unfailing good humor, and I was suddenly reminded of why I liked her so much, in spite of her annoying bossiness. "Plus, if you want to make an impression on any hunky members of the band, you've got to make sure that they see you, Bella!" She poked me playfully in the stomach, reminding me of how uncomfortable I'd been at the start of the evening when Alice spent an hour teasing my hair, applying make-up and testing out her wardrobe on me. Apparently, the slinky black dress with random parts replaced by spidery black lace that I was now wearing was completely right for a rock concert, for reasons passing my understanding. I'd at least managed to pair the too short dress with my trusty black Chucks and had brought along an old jean jacket, which Alice reluctantly admitted could be interpreted as "grungy". As we were trying to talk above the noise, the background music suddenly stopped, the lights faded and the crowd surged together like debris swept up by a giant broom when a voice announced: "Ladies and gentlemen, it's the moment you've all been waiting for. I give you the hottest new band on the US charts – ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Eclipse!" The shrill screams of the girls standing next to me were deafening, and even Alice jumped up and down, sounding like a siren. I concentrated on keeping upright and elbowing the people who were pressing too hard against me. A chord from an electric guitar rolled through the room and the beat from the drums seemed to reverb in my ribs as the spotlights hit the band now on stage. Before I knew it, I was dancing with everybody else, if jumping up and down in time to a beat may be considered dancing. A striking redhead in black jeans and a skimpy black t-shirt was wielding the bass, looking stonily out at the crowd, and her deep notes went like bullets into my body, confusing my heart into beating along right with it. The guitarist standing closest to us was cute, with curling blond hair and a shy smile, and the drummer looked like a mountain of a man behind the drums. But when I saw the lead singer over on the left my head swam, and for a minute I thought that someone must surely have put drugs in my drink. " Under your thumb ," he crooned, tousled brown hair falling into his eyes as his long fingers deftly picked out the chords to the song. Low and sultry, it was a voice to die for. Oh my God. Edward Cullen, back to haunt me from the long-repressed past. Eclipse's first set passed in a daze. The songs were mostly dark love-songs about pain and loneliness, drugs and love gone wrong, but with beautiful melodies and a driving beat that stopped them from seeming monotonous or depressing. I would have left the room if there'd been any chance of getting Alice's attention and of beating my way out of the pit I was in. As it was, bodies were pressing in on me from all sides and I couldn't understand how Alice, who was shorter than I was, didn't panic. My only option seemed to be like the Chinese saying about rape – "If you can't escape it, try to lie back and enjoy it." Yeah, right . Experiencing how Edward worked his magic on the crowd was not as painful as a visit to the dentist but left me with the same feeling of having been uncomfortably probed in a very personal place. There was no doubt about his charisma and talent; the man had the whole room in the palm of his hand. Against my will I felt the old ache start up in my chest as I listened to his heartbreaking voice singing " nights without you never seemed more dark" and watched his gorgeous, chiseled face turn to the spotlights. It felt as if he was singing every word to me, about me, and it didn't help that I realized how the rest of the people staring up at the stage with rapt attention were probably experiencing the same thing. As soon as a twenty-minute break was announced, I pulled Alice with me to the line outside the bathrooms to get a breather. "Oh my God, Bella! Aren't they great? And isn't their guitarist just yummy?" Alice was practically bouncing like a glittering Christmas ornament on drugs, jostling the girls ahead of her in line for the ladies room. I put my arm around her shoulder in an awkward attempt to calm her down. "Yeah, sure, I guess. If you go for that Byronic, brooding look." My voice sounded unconvincingly cheery and I could feel my spirits drooping. Alice stared at me. "What do you mean Byronic? I was thinking more of a Ryan Gosling-look if you ask me, shy but adorable. I just love how he flirts with us across the stage-lights, don't you? Hey, are you all right, Bella? You look kind of pale. Did someone step on your toes in there?" I leaned in to make sure no one else would hear me as I mumbled, "I've seen the lead singer before. Edward Cullen. We went to the same school a long time ago. It doesn't bring back happy memories. Do you think we could leave early or something?" I don't know what I was hoping for but it was not Alice hugging herself and squealing loudly. I winced as she grabbed my arm so hard it hurt, and then I was unceremoniously pushed inside a toilet stall before I knew what was happening. "Get out of here, Bella!" Alice's voice, which usually tinkled like wind-chimes, was an intense whisper, and her eyes looked about to pop right out of her pretty little head as she pressed her back against the door to avoid pushing me into the toilet bowl. "You're telling me you've got an in? You know the lead singer? That is so great ! Do you think you could get us behind the stage after the concert, so I could meet their cute guitarist? That would totally be like a dream come true! Oh, Bella, why didn't you tell me that you knew someone in Eclipse? Do you realize how awesome this is?" I shook my head tiredly. "No, Alice, I don't know him, we just went to the same school. I used to go to his concerts back then, but we never spoke. I doubt he would even recognize me if we met. I'd rather go home if you don't mind. I've got a headache." It was a white lie, but I didn't feel like explaining my mood. I'd put mooning, unhappy Bella far behind me and I wasn't about to resurrect her now. But Alice didn't budge from the door and her dark blue eyes were boring into mine in a way that I recognized all too well. She gripped both my hands tightly in her own and spoke slowly