On the Strand Frodo stood, watching their leader and his chosen companion crest the steep bank that sheltered them and vanish into the fog. Then he turned and walked slowly back to the shallow bay where they had landed their boats. The remaining members of the company sat on the small strip of gravel beach in the early morning gloom, speaking little. He squatted down among them, peering at their cloaked and hooded forms in the shadows. Weariness he saw but not the trepidation that he himself felt and before long he rose. Merry beside him looked up. 'I need to stretch my legs a bit,' he said. Merry moved to join him but he shook his head. 'I won't go far.' As he left, a voice called out: 'Watch yourself Ring-bearer!' Boromir's voice. Frodo paused for a moment then continued, skirting the northern end of the rocky escarpment where the fog had lifted. The man had been watching him of late, with a concentrated, almost hungry gaze, as if to find the answers to questions that Frodo preferred not to discuss. From the beginning, Boromir's brash queries – too often invoking the Ring that Frodo bore – had disconcerted him and he tried to respond politely but evasively. At first, he attributed the questions to his companion's natural boldness, but now the man's growing attention to his every move disturbed him. With a sharp sigh, he thrust his hands into his pockets. How often had his own absorption with the Ring's safe-keeping drawn his thoughts off-course! Boromir had saved his life from the snow drifts of Caradharas, indeed had proven mindful of all the hobbits. Besides, the man did not possess the Ring, even if by disposition partial to such things and best kept from viewing it. He himself, its bearer and most prey to its influence, more likely deserved scrutiny. A shaft of sunlight slid over the highland, brightening the woods beyond where a narrow beaten lane began. Frodo headed there, though the rising scree-covered ground slowed his step, and piles of furled grey leaves concealed ruts and hollows. They rolled and crackled as he passed - like old bones, he thought vaguely before his mind turned to other matters. 'If we do not return in a day, you will know that evil has befallen us and you must choose another leader.' Aragorn had delivered those parting words so glibly to Boromir, but at the end his gaze swung to Frodo and Frodo had nearly stepped back at the weight of the message. It echoed in his head now as he entered the wood. Boromir and the dwarf, Gimli, were the only skilled fighters left in the company since Aragorn and Legolas disappeared into the drifting mists to find a portage way around Sarn Gebir. Only one was left who knew this region well enough to guide them, the one that, in truth, he trusted least. Desolate as he felt, he reminded himself that the offer he had made first to Gandalf and then before the Council held no expectation of company on this mission. In fact, never in his mind's eye did he see any of their fellowship passing through Mordor, only himself alone. The images were not frequent or vivid, but dim notions of trudging uncertainly through a pathless shadow-land, neither wholly dark nor ever light, where malice lurked in every shape - or climbing blindly upward through flame. The knot of fear, always with him since the assault at Weathertop, tightened in his belly, and he looked about, wondering when imaginings would start becoming reality. Dry reeds brushed his sides as the trail now descended gently into a damp tract where slender whorls of green peeped through last year's matted sedge. The smell of rich loam and drying bark that promised the end of winter affected him even here, poised in a strange land against a dark future. For a moment, his heart felt lighter. Hearing the sound of a bubbling spring, he sought it out and drank from it. Rejoining the path, his thoughts slid back to the wonders he had met on his journey – Kheled-záram, the valley of Nimrodel, the great Anduin... Only yesterday he had sat at the prow of the boat that he shared with Aragorn and Sam, the paddle resting across his lap while the sunlight cast shimmering gems upon the water and he let his mind ride Anduin's fluttering blue-green reaches to the pale horizon. Reaches of the sea, he mused. He could only imagine the sea. But until now, he had never seen so broad a waterway. How different this river was from those he knew! Dark forests sloping up on either shore imparted an unfamiliar violet hue to its surface, while greenish gold were the waters where he fished and bathed far away in the West. There, the currents ran sluggish or deceptively fast, tumbling into rapids at the narrows so boaters never let go of their oars. The Anduin's expanses had made him wary. Noticing ripples across the bow, he had taken up his ore and stood to reach over the side of the boat. But Aragorn's voice from behind stopped him. 'No need, Frodo! The shoal you see is quite deep and easy to maneuver.' He relaxed gladly, for only hours before they had rowed stiffly and without pause, at Aragorn's bidding and from a renewed sense of urgency. 'You hobbits can swim I assume.' Aragorn had said then. 'Not Sam – like most of us dry-land hobbits, he prefers to avoid water deeper than a wash tub.' 'No point in askin' for trouble,' mumbled Sam, rousing from his stupor in the middle of the boat. 'Hmm. Staying afloat is a useful skill nonetheless, or a flood might find you unprepared. And you, Frodo? You do not live on a riverbank either, I believe,' said Aragorn. 'I do not live – I lived –' He faltered, his past life suddenly unreachable like a child disappeared into the forest. Over his breast bone, beneath his clothing, he felt a tickling warmth and his hand fumbled to settle the Ring on its chain. 'Frodo?' said Aragorn quietly. Frodo had looked up to see the bright world around him and inhaled the fresh, cool air. It smelled metallic and faintly of fish. 'Merry's father taught me to swim when I lived there - with them - on the banks of the Brandywine,' he said finally. 'That is some consolation.' Turning slightly, Frodo had caught Aragorn's penetrating gaze, one that made him suspect that the Ranger knew of the doubt and worry that lurked so often in the crevasses of his thought since Gandalf had left them. Yet the man never wavered from the terms that each of them had accepted before the Council that bright autumn day in Rivendell. Wholly assured of Aragorn's intentions, Frodo nevertheless felt reluctant to leave all decisions about their route to him, as he had done before with the fallen Gandalf. His implicit trust in the wizard could not easily be matched to another. How he missed the old man, whose voice – commanding yet kindly - had comforted him in the past, even since childhood. The gnarled hand upon the great staff, minding them through the dangerous places - it was before him even now, so apparent that he could see the blue veins, like inked rivers on a map of a broad delta... Despite the wizard's conviction about his own susceptibility to the Ring, Frodo, in his deep affection for him and having seen him renounce it, believed otherwise. But unsettling dreams of the Ring's influence on others of the company had haunted him since the parting at the hythe of Lothlórien, and, though he shunned their presage, he found that he could not toss them away as mere weeds in a crop bed. Where he had once considered the Ring's attachment to himself the chief risk, inklings of its affect on his companions now disrupted even his waking life. First it was poor Boromir, now was it to be Aragorn, who had won his friendship and whom he knew to be faithful? He paused and leaned against a tree, his head in his hands. In fact, he reflected sadly, he understood Aragorn little. Signs of their leader's own uncertainty surprised him simply because he had not observed them before. For the Ranger had always proved a skilled and valiant leader in his own right and Frodo could not do other than heed his advice when it came. But in recent days, the two men among them had argued over the way, for Boromir presumed that all would accompany him to his city in the land of Gondor while Aragorn made no such assumption. The edge to his friends' voices upset him, but the outcome of the dispute had mattered less to Frodo than that Aragorn prevailed. Wherever Aragorn led, he would follow – be it straight to the Black Land or first to Minas Tirith, noble city and last bastion against the enemy. But Aragorn himself did not clearly state his plan for their journey. If Aragorn did not return, the question persisted as Frodo struck out onto the path again - what course should he take? If to Gondor, when and how would he leave there for the last stage of his mission? He could not envision a departure from Minas Tirith – alone or with any other. With the arsenals and standing armies that he believed that city maintained, its commanders would not let him tote his deadly cargo into enemy territory unaided. Yet, accepting a warrior guard he could only see as a cowardly betrayal. Again, he mulled over recent events. The previous evening, an Orc arrow hurtling from the eastern shore had struck him in the back, gouging his mail vest. When Aragorn came to tend him, he had felt the man's distress in his silence, and when, at length, the ministering hand became ungentle, dragging the bruised flesh and tracking finally to the chain that held the Ring, he had drawn back, protesting that his injury was of little account. 'Forgive me, Frodo!' said Aragorn, hanging his head in despair. 'Bathe yourself in the inlet, yonder. It will ease you.' Frodo had stood staring aghast at his friend, and Aragorn had returned his gaze but only briefly. It was a momentary weakness, not to be repeated, Frodo told himself. But as he retired, unexpectedly, he wept. In the morning, when Aragorn had resolved to go with Legolas on the scouting mission, Frodo did not voice his yearning – rather childish, he thought now - to go with them. Legolas, glancing over his shoulder as they departed, saw this wish in his eyes, but Aragorn did not turn back. Indeed, Frodo realized with a pang, Aragorn too was drawn by – and fought – the One Ring. The bane of Isildur who had claimed it long ago, the Ring's potency would intensify before the heir of that fallen chief. Its insidious cadence would rise to an inescapable ancestral call to the Ranger. Forging through a tangle of branches that crossed his path, Frodo upbraided himself for not recognizing sooner that Aragorn, for all his discipline, might be unable to resist the Ring's appeal, and for not shielding his leader from its luster. Frodo now perceived that Aragorn was bitter in his heart about his fate – that in Gondor's Minas Tirith, seat of his forebears, lay his destiny, yet he neither wished to persuade Frodo to take that road nor to desert him if he chose another way. Frowning with consternation, Frodo speculated that, had he the brawn and skill at arms that would allow him to approach Mordor with stealth and confidence, Aragorn would feel free to accompany Boromir to the great stronghold of men, and there fight for his people. As things stood, there remained the immediate problem of what to do next,