DISCLAIMER: HARRY POTTER IS THE PROPERTY OF JKR. I DO NOT OWN IT... CHAPTER 01 "Here you are I was looking for you everywhere." George grunted in irritation. He swirled the liquid in the glass and gulped down in a single swallow. Though he didn't raise his head and greeted or invited the person, he felt the intruder comfortably sat down directly opposite to him. Ignoring the presence, he poured another glass of firewhisky and had another sip. It had been six years after the second war. War affected everybody and changed everything. Everybody involved left with unseen scars. People struggled unable to get back to their post-war lives. Some like George Weasley were broken beyond recovery. He was not the mischievous prankster anymore, his sense of humour died along with his twin. He was totally lost without Fred and struggled hard to cope with the loss than other Weasleys. He blamed the dark side for the lost and venomously hated each and everybody who supported the Dark Lord. He had become an aggressive, grumpy and cranky alcoholic. Almost all his day time was spent in his shop, where he worked hard without even taking breaks because the joke shop was a dream of Fred and George couldn't make up his mind to abandon it. At night he didn't sleep well, nightmares kept him awoke most of the time. If he was not sleeping or working, then he spent his time with alcohol. His new addiction got him into trouble quite often and even fought with his siblings and argued with them. He hated venomously and was purposely cruel to Voldemort's supporters and their relatives, regardless of their actual involvement. His relationship with his family strained with time, and he completely stopped visiting 'The Burrow' after his only sister's engagement. He didn't even attend her wedding. Since then he avoided his family like the plague and kept minimal contact. Weasleys ignored his indifferent treatment and tried to approach him and help him, but he was cold and rude to them. The only person George could tolerate was his sister-in-law, Hermione and eventually he got fed up with her when others tried to use her as the link between them. "What do you want Hermione?" he grumbled without looking at her. "Come on George, do I need a reason come and say 'hi' to you?" She asked sweetly. "Cut the crap, Hermione. Do you think I'm a fool to believe that you came to say hi to me?" he hissed angrily. "This is a bar in Knockturn Alley, full of drunken and dangerous idiots and not a safe place for a witch in your current condition. You are putting both of your lives in danger." He replied sternly. She didn't answer him. "Now tell me who sent you here, my idiotic brother or the traitor called my sister?" He demanded. Hermione didn't answer first then she sighed. "Both." She said meekly. With anger building up inside, George glared at his sister-in-law. "If you are here for the same reason as they were before, you can leave now! I'm not doing it!" He barked. "George please." She pleased. "That's my final answer Hermione; please leave." Ignoring the witch sitting in front of him, George finished his glass slowly, then poured another. She didn't leave and waited patiently "Why are you still here Hermione? This is not a place for you. Why didn't Ginny or Ron come instead of you?" He asked curiously. Hermione moved in her chair uncomfortably. "Er- Because they knew, this is going to be difficult. Ginny didn't want to end up hexing her beloved brother and Ron didn't want to end up been hexed by you." She said timidly. George sneered. "So my little brother hid behind his very pregnant wife. Go home and rest Hermione, you need to relax and rest these days, and this is not the time for you to play the role of Death Eater sympathiser." "She is not a death eater." She said firmly. "She is a convicted criminal. " He said stubbornly. Hermione sighed. "She doesn't deserve what she is going through." "There was a standard hearing at the Wizengamot, and she pleaded guilty, so she deserved punishment." He argued. "There are flaws in the law." She muttered "That's not my problem." He sipped his drink ignoring her. After the war when Kingsley became the Minister of Magic, he insisted on having trials for each and every supporter of Voldemort than sending them all to Azkaban without an official hearing. Death eaters and Wizards and witches who committed major crimes, sent to Azkaban if they pleaded guilty. Some were house arrested for the rest of their lifetime after stripping their magic. Some were house arrested for a specific period depending on their crime. Young Voldemort supporter faced a different fate. They were valuable for the wizarding community than the older generation. So their magic was taken away and assigned to various jobs in the community under the Ministry or other designated people for fifteen years. After fifteen years they were supposed to undergo an evaluation and depending on the outcome, they would be accepted back to the society, and they were given back their family inheritance or would be outcasted without magic. New laws were passed to protect both convicts and their superiors in charge but people who had suffered from the dark time wanted their revenge, and they took advantages of the glitches in these laws. Young convicts who worked under the government were luckier than the ones worked under private owners as they didn't get abused by others regularly. Not everybody suffered like that. Some owners treated their helpers kindly. Neville Longbottom helped Gregory Goyle to become an excellent gardener and a herbologist. His wife, Hannah treated kindly to Matilda Selwyn, who worked under her at the Leakey Cauldron. Both Gregory and Matilda got married to each other and living happily in a small cottage in Longbottom estate until they can claim their family inheritance back. But most young convicts faced a horrible fate than them. They got treated like slaves, not like helpers. Many died, and some ended up mentally and physically impaired. When Kingsley realised his mistake, most of the damage had already done. He was truly repentant of his judgements as he supported new legislation thinking it would help the society in a better way, but people had taken advantage of the very same thing to seek revenge. He called every member of the order of Phoenix for a secret meeting. They put their heads together and formed a new order called 'Phoenix's rebirth'. Their mission was to find a way to repeal new laws and rescue the victims who were affected. They knew it was not going to be an easy or quick task. They had to work under the surface without drawing suspicion. They were successful of rescuing many affected and reassigned new owners who were compassionate and willing to help them. Most of these new owners were members of Phoenix's rebirth. Theo Nott was one of the best examples who had given a second chance. He was rescued from a very abusive household and placed under Bill Weasley's family. He was now helping them with household tasks and in turn, Bill was educating him to become a curse breaker. According to new legislation, he was not allowed to use a wand, but Bill allowed him to use a spare wand when he was studying. Similarly, Percy's family was helping Hestia Carrow and Floria with Professor McGonagall learning to become the Transfiguration expert after her fifteen years of the sentence. Now the new order wanted to rescue Pansy Parkinson from her current owner and place her under George Weasley till they find a better place to relocate her. George was spitefully refusing to help the order with that course. "If you are really feeling for her, why don't you take her from Brown? You could always pay a higher price for her saying you need her help when this arrives." George said pointing Hermione's swollen stomach. Hermione sighed. "You know it's not going to work right. Jonathan knows we are against the way convicts get treated, and he wouldn't release her even for thousand galleons." "What about the death eater lover in our family? She can help." Hermione bit his bottom tongue nervously. "Not going to happen because of Draco." She mumbled uncomfortably. Lucius Malfoy was house arrested for the rest of his life after his hearing. He didn't place in Azkaban because He claimed he was kept against his will and according to Harry, Hermione and Ron's memories which used as the evidence it had proven to Wizengamot that Lucius didn't possess his wand when they had taken to Malfoy Manor. Though he was not innocent, they couldn't send him to prison and given him a lesser sentence, lifetime house arrest. Narcissa Malfoy was cleared of all her charges after Harry's testimony and freed to live a normal life. Draco Malfoy was recruited as a government worker and send to a Quidditch stadium in Wales as the caretaker for fifteen years. For the period of his sentence, he was unable to touch his family fortune and was forced to live on food provided by others. The ministry provided his clothes, and he had banned from using money and magic. That stadium happened to be the Holy Head Harpies training ground, and no one really knew how did the fierce chaser of the team end up in a strong relationship with the stadium caretaker. They were not even on speaking terms at school but love blossomed, and her family accepted him except Goerge. He had a big row with his parents for accepting a monster into their family who was somewhat responsible for Fred's fate. Regardless of his objection, Ginny and Draco eventually got married and lived in a small cottage near The Burrow. Both of them were kept doing the same jobs with Draco had no other options. They were happily married and became active members of the new order and helped victims of the new law. George gritted his teeth Knowing no one with a brain would ever release their servant for Ginny Malfoy, even she offer them ten thousand Galleon. "You are our only hope, George. She needs to be rescued as soon as possible. Her condition has become worse. " "Not my problem." He grunted. "What happened to the sweet George I knew." Hermione sighed. "Died in the war." He replied without warmth. "George you have a sister. What if the Voldemort had won and his followers tortured her like that." George scowled. "That witch is not innocent. She pleaded guilty. I was there when her trial was on. She has to be punished." "Her punishment is fifteen years of labour work in Muggle way. Living without magic and money, depending on others for food and clothing. This is a rehabilitation program George. It should be done with love and care. Physical, sexual and emotional abuse is not going hands in hands with rehabilitation!" Hermione said in frustration. "So many young witches and wizards died before due to this blasted program, and if we don't act fast, she will join them too. Now don't open your mouth to say it's not your problem. It's everybody's problem. We didn't win the war for this. We fight for equal rights and a peaceful environment for everybody. Who thought a simple rehabilitation program going to become an eradicating people you hate program? If we don't stop this right now, there is a chance of creating more Voldemorts in future." George gritted his teeth again. He knew she was right. The bossy bushy-haired witch was always right. Hermione took a bundle of parchments and placed in front of him without giving a chance for him to protest. "Here's the copy of the legislation. Things in red are the glitches they are using to torture people. Things