Chapter One This week's fantastical beast is…. Acromantula! Classification: XXXXX Known wizard killer and made it's debut in the Chamber of Secrets. The Welkin family was what was called new money, even if their great-great-grandparents came upon the riches of the fantastic beast market. They had started a zoo, technically two, one was to show off the vast array of fantastical creatures and sell certain items to the general wizarding public. The other however was linked towards the black market, dangerous beasts lurked behind the curtains, dragon eggs ready to be sold to the highest bidder. It was allowed because of high standing friends and their pureblood ancestry. No one would dare question why people in dark cloaks entered in the middle of the night and apparated away carrying large suspicious rucksacks. The zoo, in more muggle terms, was inherited by the first born child, whether female or male. In case of an "accidents" each child was groomed to take over, learning from a young age each of the different beasts and what magical properties that could be obtained from them. If the eldest survives, then the remaining sibling(s) would wander the world looking for new creatures or find new clients. Even when they were shipped off to school at age eleven it was expected that they excel within Herbology, Potions, and Care of Magical Creatures. However, they were allowed to be children and run around, and enjoy themselves. It set them slightly apart from the pureblood aristocracy, the Welkin family did parade around the money they made, but it was always family first. The current owners were Barnabas Welkin who married Idalia Crane, who came from an American pureblood family. They had two children together, their eldest son Prospero who had already graduated from Durmstrang and was working with dragons in Romania. Their youngest daughter was named Opal after the soft pink eyes she was born with, but you couldn't discount her silver hair. However they hired a tutor to teach Opal at home when she turned eleven. Opal Welkin was an average height, willowy girl of fourteen, her hair remained the same soft, shining silver, but her pale pink almond eyes were always hidden behind the tight kinks of her bouncing, curly hair. Her face was round, much like her mother, along with a short upturned nose like her father. She never went anywhere without a small rosy smile upon her face, however mischievous or happy it appeared, she wasn't Opal without it. Her cheeks were round like her face, dashed with a splatter of freckles in almost the same pattern as her brother. Her skin was light, not quite an Ivory, but not as light as Porcelain. However, Opal was not like her family. Each of them were fair headed with calculating green eyes, had strong imposing figures and tanned bodies. Whispers of an affair tangled their way into the happy family, Barnabas and Idalia were committed to one another and Idalia had no recollection of laying with anyone but Barnabas. They fought the rumors, claiming Opal's looks were from a far off ancestor. They were hushed for now, but hiding their lovely Opal away from the public within their mansion in America, was doing little to ease suspicions. So, before the summer month of June came around, the two of them discussed the schools they could introduce her into. They could go selectively private, much like the tutoring arrangement Opal already had now, but a few other pureblood children would join her. Then, there was Durmstrang, Prospero sang praises of their teachings, but overheard his parents speaking of sending his little sister there and immediately dissuaded them, it was no place for a young, buoyant girl. Prospero loved Durmstrang with all of his heart, but he knew what the men there would do to a girl like his sister, he would feel differently if they were attending together, but he would not be there to protect her. Illvermony was another option, it was fairly close to their Vermont home. Idalia, however put her foot down on the notion realizing how the houses were set up, she would not have her daughter being housed with blood traitors or muggleborns. Next was Beauxbatons Academy, Idalia had graduated from there and sung her own praises of the school. It was common knowledge that unless you were old money or a Veela, you would not be as welcomed into the school as the others. Opal was not Veela and because her maiden name was Welkin, she would be new money. Idalia was old money, but knew the fatal mistake of sending her brilliant daughter there. Lastly was Hogwarts, Barnabas was a graduate from there and finally sung his own praises of the school. His connections within the Ministry of Magic, especially because of his longstanding friendship with the Malfoys, Opal would have no issue adjusting to Hogwarts, her years there would be smooth and full of happy days, thanks to the money she would inherit. Idalia tried to argue the housing, but Barnabas would not hear it, Slytherin would only go as low as half-bloods. They would just have to hope she would not end up in the others, Ravenclaw would not be horrific, but they would be damned to have a Hufflepuff or Gryffindor daughter no matter how beautiful and brilliant she may be. It was at that moment decided she would attend Hogwarts and graduate from there, they sent an owl to Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy asking them if Barnabas and Opal could board with them for the summer while they make arrangements for Opal to attend Hogwarts. It was a smart choice to board with them, they had a son, Draco, who was around the same age as Opal and would surely show her the ropes of the school. They had sent off the Barred Owl, that was named Ulric, carrying their signature silver envelope with a deep red seal with the family crest, a horned serpent eating it's own tail and with a large W within it. Idalia used her graceful fingers and peacock quill to write out the Malfoy's name. A week later, a very winded Ulric came back with a deep green envelope. Welkin was sprawled out in a shimmering silver ink and the Malfoy crest was inlaid in a black seal. Barnabas fed him a treat before he flew away to a perch outside in their rolling countryside. Barnabas called out to his wife and his daughter, his son was back in Romania, but if the news was pleasant he would surely have Idalia write to him at once. Idalia came around the bend in the hallway, standing regally and dressed perfectly. Her blonde hair was pinned up into a bun, a white blouse adorned her figure with a pair of black slacks and black pointed heels. A small house elf trailed behind her, holding a tray of papers, but it's arms did not shake beneath the weight. Idalia kissed both of his cheeks and he returned in like. "My dear Barnabas, this must be important I was in the middle of something," Idalia gestured to the papers, her smooth sultry voice penetrating the walls and brought about a small smile to his face. "I will tell you when Opal arrives but, the Malfoys have written me back." Barnabas kissed her forehead and Idalia granted a smile before turning to walk into the rarely used sitting room, the house elf following close behind. Barnabas turned back to stare out into this particular hallway, waiting for Opal to come bounding around one of the bends in the hallway. Opal came around the exact one her mother did, a small smile laid on her face, her curly hair bunched up in a vain attempt at a bun. Opal wore pale blue sundress that flared at her waist and went to her knees, black flats adorned her feet as she came happily up to her father, who had bent down to her height, Opal kissed both of his cheeks before standing alert. "Hello papa, the weather is beautiful today, I was out with the fairies in their garden. They are making the gardenias bloom again." Opal's voice was soft and gentle, full of joy only children had the liberty to have. Barnabas kissed her forehead before placing a hand on the small of her back leading her into one of the smaller sitting rooms, "show them the Fuchsias, your mother loves those." Opal smile widened, "of course papa!" she curtsied quickly before heading off to the chair by her mother, sitting slightly on the edge with her back straight with her legs to the side and her hands in her lap. Idalia smiled at her manners before returning to a rather uninteresting piece of parchment. Barnabas came over and sate in a high back chair that was mimicked throughout the house that only he was allowed to sit in. He took the letter out of his pocket on the inside of his black robes. Idalia, looking up from her stack of papers gave him a slim letter opener, which he gladly accepted, before she turned back to the stack of shrinking papers. Barnabas, It would seem that we can allot for guests within our Manor. It would be with tremendous respect and happiness that we shall have our families once again together, even if it is only Barnabas and your lovely daughter Opal. Lucius and I have heard the stories of your daughter and her beauty, but the family photo you have so kindly provided has taken us all by surprise. It is with honour that we will host your family for the summer as you prepare to send Opal to Hogwarts. We would also like to extend the invitation to Prospero if he wishes to visit, I am sure he will enjoy the manor. We will open the fireplace on June 12th at 1:15 pm. Sincerely, Narcissa Malfoy Barnabus relayed the news to his family and was met with happy faces from his wife and daughter and a happy letter from his son. Opal within the next week also appeared to be full of excitement of the coming days. Slowly her room was packed up and sent over to Malfoy Manor, where she was assured everything would be arranged exactly like her room and bathroom. Her darling crup, named Henry would be staying with her mother since it is originally hers and she legally does not have a license for the beast. On June 12th, around noon, Opal sat at the bay window in her barren room. A wistful smile was on her face as she gazed out upon the rolling green hills, her delicate fingers twirled around her wand. It was 12 ½ inches long and had rigid flexibility, it was made of pine wood and held a phoenix feather. There were groves along the handle with soft glowing opals inlaid among the handles. Opal's father had tracked down a private wandmaker, his name was Voltaire and gave him a wide variety of items to make several wands for her brother and her. They varied from oak to walnut, unicorn hair to snake scales, it took three tries before he pulled out the wand that took him the most time to create. It was a masterpiece and finely crafted. The phoenix feather was difficult, but once the opals were laid into the wand it instantly calmed the fiery magic. Opal believed that it was a sign from the beginning that her namesake would be what gave her the most control in her magic. It wasn't hard to think about, her pureblood ancestry and her tutors gave her control on even the hardest of spells. The only one she needed work on was her patronus, a corporeal one. It had yet to take shape, but she refused to back down. Patience was a virtue. Opal tore her eyes from the window and down to the