AUTHOR'S NOTE: This was my entry for Smutty Clause – that famous Fest on LiveJournal. I have the prompts listed at the end, and have marked all of what I've used. (Italicised and underlined) On a side-note, a good news is that the next chapter of INO (It's Not Over) is halfway done. It's Draco's POV with quite some amount of action, so be prepared! I'll try to get it out by the end of this week. WARNING: This is an MA rated, hardcore smutty piece. But not without a plot. God help me, I can't do PWPs! Be warned about virginity loss, and slight foodplay. Don't like? Don't read. No flaming, please. And kindly don't come here to merely warn me about the norms of the site. I am very well aware of them, myself. You may not know, but according to said norms, I also have the liberty of reporting your reviews. Anyways. To the mentally mature audience, out there, read on! Fortuitous Winter Blooms Hermione Granger was awakened, that frozen morning, not to the cold that was settling over the castle of Hogwarts, surprisingly – considering how there wasn't any cover shielding her legs from the atmospheric chill – but to the loud echo of the door to the Heads' Common Room being banged shut. Her senses slightly haywire, she sat up in her bed and dragged an errant lock of hair away from her eyes. Then she took a breath and recognized the day for what it was: Christmas. Hopping off the bulky pool of sheets that she'd made of her bed, overnight, she stepped onto the plush carpet covering the expanse of the wooden floor, and stretched, when— "Whoa! Yes !" Hermione stopped short, arms stretched high up, above her head and mouth agape in the middle of a yawn. The victorious-seeming whoop indisputably belonged to her fellow Head. Confused at this highly uncharacteristic expression of delight by the usually reclusive Draco Malfoy, Hermione padded towards and slipped through her bedroom door, silently, and began tiptoeing down the stairs that led to the Common Room. She stalked into the dimly-lit room – the only source of its illumination being the fireplace – completely unmindful of her rumpled appearance that consisted of an over-sized T-shirt and woolen socks and really disheveled hair. She was much too eager to discover the cause of the Head Boy's misplaced joy. And then, after a moment, she did spot it – literally, too. Or them , actually. Draco Malfoy – clad in a snug, black set of silk pajamas – sat on the rug next to the couches, opposite the fireplace, surrounded by at least a dozen boxes of chocolate truffles. Looking at how it was the Christmas morning, it wouldn't have been that preposterous, a sight, had it featured anyone but the blonde Slytherin. Hermione's sleep-addled brain paid no heed to the equation she shared with the Slytherin, and a really girly giggle erupted out of her throat of its own accord, when she noticed the entranced expressions on his pale face while he investigated one of the truffles. But, as it turned out, giggling was the worst thing to do, actually, because his head immediately snapped up at the sound and his eyes found Hermione's, and— All traces of delight drained off his face when their eyes met; a mask of indifference quickly sliding on. And his gaze woke Hermione up from her sleep-induced stupor, the way a slap would have, as her lungs felt ready to collapse by the intensity of the venom that shone in his eyes. Swallowing, she tried taking a breath. They'd organized the Halloween Feast, together – along with the numerous elves that ruled the Hogwarts kitchens, of course – and he'd asked her out on the first morning of the month of November, claiming how he'd come to adore her as he came to know her. Never the one to lie, Hermione had confessed her admiration of him, back, and had accepted his proposal. At the end of a week – a week of Common Room dates and hours after hours of snogging – he'd asked her, over a pint of Butterbeer at Three Broomsticks , about when she was planning to tell her two best friends that she was dating their ex, sworn-enemy. Going by the light-hearted flow of conversation, Hermione had went along to tell him that she hadn't, actually, had any plans of telling them, anytime soon. That was when he'd grown serious and asked her if she even saw him in any version of the bright, brilliant future that she'd planned out for herself. Again, never the one to lie, Hermione had, softly, told him that she didn't. By that, she'd actually meant that it had been way too early to paint up a future with him. He hadn't taken anything softly, though, and had made an abrupt exit from the pub – and her life – with tears shining in the depths of his eyes. Hermione hated the heavy tension that replaced their usual, blithe banter, ever since that day. But, then, all of it was her fault. Her cowardice , really. She'd been way too terrified of the heart-stopping flutters she felt in her nerve-endings in his proximity. That hadn't ever happened to her. Not even with Ron —and, well, that had been the closest thing to 'love' she'd had in her life. She let out a deep, weary sigh and twisted on her heels to walk away. She shouldn't have come here— heck , she never did enter the Common Room if she was aware that he was occupying it. Well. At least since past month – since she'd built up this new, elevated level of animosity between them. "Granger!" Eyes wide, she turned back to him. He'd called her name after ages , and it felt so good to hear it, now, that her heart felt ready to burst out of her chest. Maybe Christmas had made him forgive her. Maybe he was intending to start afresh, forwarding a hand of friendship, this way round – not that she would prefer friendship when she could have so much more – and maybe he'd decided to begin with wishing her Christmas— But when she actually glanced back at him, to her utmost dismay, he was looking intently into the fireplace with his eyebrows as knotted as they'd become on registering her presence. "I hope you have plans of spending tonight, elsewhere. I'll be having company." His voice was icy, piercing through her heart like icicles. Nodding numbly, she twisted on her heels to dart back to her bedroom; trying, and failing, to swallow past the lump that had suddenly formed in her throat. Hannah Abbot and Padma Patil had been the only other girls in her year to have stayed back for Christmas break. And they were making the most of it, by the looks of it. But, for Hermione, sitting here and watching them down pint after pint of Butterbeer was nothing less than torture. They'd forced a mug down her throat, too, to her utter chagrin. Sitting here reminded her too much of her last date – and, eventually, her breakup – with Draco. And Christmas was the worst occasion for such thoughts, she knew. And then there was that ever-present heaviness in her chest that hadn't quite eased since her conversation with him, this morning. If that could be called a 'conversation'. She hadn't seen him, since then. She'd been locked up in her room till some late hour of the morning, and he hadn't been in the Common Room when she'd finally left. And, ever since, she'd been tagging along with Padma and Hannah, getting a late breakfast and skipping lunch as she'd spent her time listening to the – fascinating? – tales the two had to share. Honestly, spending her day the way she was doing, despite seeming a bit monotonous , wouldn't have felt as heavy as it did to Hermione, had her brain been at peace. Because, however much might she hate to admit it, she was deeply disturbed by Draco's idea of celebrating Christmas. I'll be having company. She winced as his voice reverberated in her head. Such a blatant confession of his escapades! But then, when had Draco ever been inconspicuous? She couldn't help but mentally catalogue the females that were staying at Hogwarts, right now, and were even remotely close to him in age. There weren't any in their year – apart from herself and her companions, that is – for one. And, other than two fourth years and a handful of first years, there weren't any Slytherins , either. So there went the two, most susceptible categories. Then, there was the fact that none of the Gryffindors and none of the Hufflepuffs would partake in dirty deeds with Draco Malfoy, and so it didn't matter that there were masses of fifth and sixth year girls staying back from both the Houses. That left Ravenclaw, and better yet— Hermione's breath caught, while her sloshed, gleeful companions – oblivious to her mental troubles – howled with laughter. That left Ravenclaw , and better yet , Justicia Arch . Hermione had noticed, on numerous occasions, how the sixth year's eyes never quite left the Head Boy when the lot of them were present in the Great Hall. And the Head Boy, being the jerk he was – his reactions had never really been less than enthusiastic. Suddenly, Hermione was having trouble breathing. She blamed it on the thought that she didn't want her Common Room – the place she was planning to redecorate on New Year's, dammit! – christened in the worst possible way, but she did accept that the prospect of Draco Malfoy and Justicia Arch 'going at it', sent highly unpleasant shudders wracking through her body. Rolling her eyes when Padma burst into another fit of giggles, Hermione slipped off her chair, unnoticed, thankfully , and excited the pub. Stepping into the cold, frosty air, Hermione dragged in a large breath, and broke into a sprint up the path that connected Hogsmeade to the school. She was nearly out of breath, and her brain was completely void of thoughts – aside from a really ornamental string of curse words directed at the chill of the atmosphere that seemed to have settled in her very lungs – when she stepped through the gates of Hogwarts. She took another deep breath, passing a fleeting smile to a passing by second year, Gryffindor boy who had grinned at her with teeth when he saw her, and continued up her way to the Heads' dormitory. Quite predictably, she didn't bump into anyone of significance on her way, and had enough time to square her shoulders and drape a mask of indifferent disgust – was that even possible ? – as she changed staircases and rounded corners. The moment she actually did reach the entrance, though, she was a bundle of nerves. Gulping down her rapidly cooling saliva and brushing back a sweat-slick tendril of hair from her forehead, she pressed her wand against the gigantic, teak wood gate, and whispered, " Divisa est autem corruent ." The door cracked open and a sliver of golden-yellow light, probably belonging to the fireplace, fell next to Hermione's feet, illuminating the dark corridor. She put a shaky hand on the warm wood and pushed, keeping her ears overly sensitive to any sorts of animalistic hums that she was very much expectant—not hopeful , though; far from it—of. When she heard nothing, and was convinced that the only source of luminescence in the large room was the fireplace – the way it had been in the morning – Hermione squared her shoulders, again, and stepped in. Then her breath was knocked off her lungs. Her eyes surveyed the entire span of the gigantic room to spot the "company" Draco was meant to be