Okay I own nothing here. It is all Tolkien and my interpretation of what might of happened behind the scenes of the relationship between Diamond and Pippin, before and after he left the Shire. I only have one chapter that is ready for reading right at the moment. This chapter is told from Diamond's point of view the next will be from Pippin's and it will alternate like that till the end. Chapter 1 I have known Pippin my whole life and I have always liked him more than any other hobbit maybe even loved him, but I have always appeared to be invisible to his eyes. He never really noticed me that much there were polite hellos exchanged and simple how do you do, but even when he came in to our family's bakery he never realizes I'm there until I speak. I have always acted more of a boy than a girl, because I've been raised by my father, Oren of Long Cleeve; my mother Lilly Bolger died giving birth to me. And having three sons, and only one daughter, of course my father had no experience raising a girls, so I turned out much like my brothers. Tough, very capable of taking care of myself, and not at all afraid to speak my mind. Now it's not like I don't have boys chasing after me or anything it's just most don't see me right away as a girl, they see me as a very capable woman that would talk back and does not take very kindly to orders. So therefore I would not make the most suitable wife, and those who had not been hit by a rock or two after trying to steal some of our vegetables (Pippin and Merry to name a few who have been hit many a time) are those who would dare to try a court me. And these are very few and they learn quickly also that I am a force to be reckoned with. Or so my father and brothers say everyday, I hear from one of them "We'll have to sell a good chunk of our best land to get Diamond married off. And only a complete fool will buy, with her as a condition." This never really hurt me at all because neither my brothers nor my father would allow someone to buy some of our land and just so they could have me married, because then they wouldn't think the man worthy, it was just a joke. Even though I knew this to be their way of teasing me, it does hurt from time to time when I see other girls getting flowers from a sweet heart. And about five years ago when my brothers started to get married, Ferdinand was the first to get married naturally he was the oldest and a very handsome. Then two years later Carl, it was such a very beautiful wedding and then just last year the youngest of my brothers Wilcombe. So now with them having their own families, homes and land, its just me and papa now and he is getting older so it makes what they say seem more likely to be the only way I will not end up being alone. But even though I wouldn't doubt that anyone will ever take up such an offer, I wish with all my heart that someone (namely Pippin) will ask me to marry him and not because of the land, or they thought it a last resort , but because they want to. I want someone who loves me for me for who I am, because of my laugh, my stubbornness or some other quality that others are loved for. I sat in my families' bakery and thought of such things constantly, but today I was positive that one day that would change, and Pippin would walk in and really see me. And then he'll try one of my honey cakes and say "Mmmmm…Diamond you make the best honey cakes ever….I don't know how I could have ever passed up buying such sweet cakes. Their just like you,… have I ever told you your beautiful." and then he'll smile his sweet wonderful smile and…. Ring ring ring coming back into to reality and there was Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took walking into my shop….ah…ah look busy look busy . I scurried around and tried to look busy. "Morning Diamond how are you this beautiful morning." Merry said in his usual cheerful manor, Merry knew how I felt about Pippin and he also knew my feelings on my fathers thoughts and fears about my future. He talk to Estella Bolger a lot and she is my best friend, and also Merry was a good friend also, he usually tried to cheer me up a lot after a run in with clueless Peregrin Took. Many a time I asked Merry to hint to Pippin about me and get him to make Pippin make a move, but he just said "You should make the first move, he'll never catch on to any hints I drop him, so you should just ask him to tea or something." But I myself had tried to tell him by doing something like giving him free cakes and bread and offering to bake something special for him or when at a party hinting at him that he should walk me home. But none of these things worked he was just so thick. "Oh I'm doing well Merry, how are you today?" I said trying to not constantly look at Pippin and actually look at Merry a little and also look at what I was doing, trying to get some flour off of a top shelf. "and you Peregrin, how are you?" "Good." he said looking at some of the seed cakes not really interested in anything but the cakes. Sighing I walked with the flour to the front counter "So anything I can get for the two of you today?" I spoke in a pleasant sweet voice. "Um…well we are running out of honey cakes aren't with Pip?" Merry said giving me a little wink "and since we are I figured that we should come here…because there is no denying that you do make the best honey cakes in all of the Shire. Don't you think so Pippin?" he said trying to get a response out of him as he eyed any and every item in the shop. And never looked at me once. "Ah…I suppose so…I'm not a big fan of honey cakes. You can get some if you like Merry but I think we really just need some bread." Pippin said walking over to the counter where Merry and I were but still he hadn't even glanced at me. Merry gave him a suspicious look and with the same kind of tone said "Oh…not a big fan of honey cakes are you! So then why do you guess ever time after I buy a dozen, in a day or two there all gone and I've only had a couple of them!" "Well… how…how am I suppose to know you're the one who eats them… I've only had them once or twice…. and that was when I was young." Pippin said in a jumpy unsure tone and then while walking out "You get what you want alright I'm going to going to see Frodo." I watched him as he walked, it was true Merry bought a least a dozen honey cakes a week, but even I knew Pippin didn't like them ever since I had given him two of them that I had made on my birthday. I had always dreamt him coming in a buy a couple dozen, and he said each time how much he loved them….. "Diamond…Diamond… Oy!" Merry spoke loudly right in my ear. "Oh…", I squeaked " I'm sorry…so you want another dozen honey cakes then?" "Yes and couple loaves of bread." Merry said in a be of an exhausted tone, "Diamond why don't you just come out and tell him?" Grabing up the cakes and bread in a bag I just sighed and then replied in a melancholy tone of voice. "Merry I've tried, I can't…its just too hard.." " The two of you are completely hopeless…", Merry said in a tried voice taking the bag with the cakes and bread turning for the door. "You can't give up, just keep trying, he just might come around if you keep trying." He said with a smile as he left the shop for Frodo's place. I kept starring at the door, wondering if I actually told Pippin how I felt right out that maybe I could find out if he felt the same. Thoughts of this went trough my mind for the rest of the morning, I began to day dream what it would be like if I had told him. What if I told him before Bilbo's birthday party, maybe Pippin would ask me to go to the party with him and then we would dance together and have such wonderful time holding hands and dancing the night away. And then maybe just maybe after a night of dancing and music he would walk me home and at my door step he would kiss me……oh how I would love for him to kiss me… Then while I daydreamed this wonderful amazing kiss that I might receive from Peregrin Took…sighing and cooing to myself, I was a woke by a tap on the shoulder, by Bilbo Baggins. "Having a good daydream my dear?", he said with a wonderful kind and gentle smile. "Oh…aah…umm…well yes…I…a…how may I help you Mr. Baggins?" I said with a stammering mouse like voice. "Yes…well…I need a few baked goods for the party and this is the best bakery in all of Hobbiton and you make the most wonderful honey cakes in all of the Shire. ", he said giving a look around. "Why thank you Mr. Baggins, so you what would you like?" I said blushing that was the second time that statement was made but even thought it was not from Pippin it was very flattering to hear. "I should think that I'll need at the least 24 dozen seed cakes, the same of the lemon tarts, 16 dozen of the strawberry turnovers, 60 dozen buns, 25 dozen loaves of wheat bread and oh….", he took a deep breath and then continued to say, " hmm…I'd like to think about 70 dozen of your wonderful honey cakes…yes I think that should be enough with Pippin and Merry going to be there and all that should be enough. Oh how that Pippin loves those honey cakes." I stood there in shock, not at the amount of food he wanted for the party, for half the shire were said to be there that wasn't much but I was shocked at the comment about Pippin and my cakes, he hates them . "Pippin doesn't care for honey cakes but I know Merry sure does, so will that be all then?", Bilbo replied "Oh well be that as it maybe I think that should be enough for the day, I'll pay you what I owe you on Thursday, and I would like for it all to be delivered at approximately 9 am that morning." and with that he left. The next three days I could not do much day dreaming of what might be with Pippin and I, for I spent much of my time baking what Bilbo had ordered and also helping my father take care of the farm. There wasn't much time to bake all of what he had ordered, three days made it a tight deadline but my cousin Estella would be able to help me reach it. She had a very long standing crush on Merry, Merry hadn't come to court her yet, but it wouldn't take too long before that happened. She like Merry