A/N: Can't believe I am actually doing this but here it goes. Little heads up this is a lot more mature than anything else I will ever do. Ladies and gentlemen welcome to my self-insert fic. An OC is considered bad by the reader when it is nothing but the author putting themselves in the story completely overpowered. As such you could look at this in two different ways. One showing what would actually happen if I was in the harry potter universe and different from Caleb or the other with me being more powerful than Caleb therefore making him a good OC. This is also me trying out a slightly different style. So without further ado here it goes. Let's see how long I last shall we? Chapter 1: Awakening. When I awoke it was with a splitting headache which itself was weird since the last time I had that bad of headache was when I was 8 and suffering sugar withdrawal, not a proud moment. The next weird thing was my location. When I managed to open my eyes I was standing in what could only be classified as a sea of darkness and to round it out to a trifecta of weirdness glaring at me from the other side of wherever this is was what I would assume to be me in a few years. "What are you doing here?" The other me asked hate seeming to drip from every word. Funny as a writer that is the type of expression I use all the time but hearing it is definitely new. "Well?" Right. No time to get side-tracked, answer him. "That depends on where here is and who you are?" I responded flippantly. That headache must be getting to me. "You don't know?" The other me simply stared before starting to laugh. I had an unnerving suspicion about why this guy's demeanour was so dark but before it could form I lost it. "Oh this is funny." The other me seemed to have calmed down enough to speak. "I'll give you the short version. I'm a dark wizard and you are a fan fiction writer. I went back to my younger body and so did you. Any of this ringing any bells?" He asked with a smug grin. It did. It rang a lot of bells but just like earlier before I could find out what they meant the headache worsened and the bells stopped ringing. Didn't mean I couldn't put the pieces together. "So I'm in one of my own stories then?" I didn't even wait for an answer before continuing. "So I'm guessing this means you are my evil voice?" He chuckled. "Looks like it but you can't exactly call me Christian now can you?" That confused me. "Christian?" The future version just rolled his eyes. "Your name here is Christian Potter. Better get used to it Ciaran." Ah. I nodded. "Yeah. If this is a story I can imagine it would get confusing for the readers if we shared the same name." I sighed already having an idea of where this was going. "Let me guess…" He cut me off. "Call me Striker." He said simply. "I-what-Huh?" Ok that took me off guard… I was just taken off guard by myself… Well this headache ain't getting better any time soon. "That was an alias I used in the future. Christian Striker. I used it when dealing with the muggle black market." "Oh I get it. Clever." I nodded. Decent name. Nice hidden meaning. Not bad. "So what now?" I asked before following it up with something else. "And what about the present day Christian?" That seemed like something I shouldn't overlook. The newly named Striker just smirked. "Oh don't worry about him he'll be around. If he's needed. This may hurt." The older me seemed to become incorporeal, his smirking becoming a tad malicious, and then he slammed right into me. Any worries about what he may have meant fled my mind as the headache got worse and I blacked out. The next time I awoke it was to an alarm going off. I opened my eyes and searched for my phone on the bedside table as that was the only thing capable of waking me up in the morning. When my hand made contact with a clock my eyes focused a bit quicker than normal. Sitting up and taking the, now quiet, clock in my hands I forced my brain to work as I looked it over. Definitely an old alarm clock. It had the bells on top and everything. This was confusing because the damn thing was beeping a minute ago. While looking it over I heard a voice in my head. "It's enchanted." Said the voice of Striker. Now Id assume that if a normal person heard a voice in their head they'd jump, maybe scream, and throw whatever they were holding thinking that was where the voice was coming from. Me? Well I just nodded put the clock back on the table and got up. Yeah I'm not what you'd call sane. Not crazy but definitely less than normal. It was as I got up I noticed several things that made me dread the direction this story, if it was one, was taking. First off, and the least worrisome, was that I was actually in decent shape. Not buff in any sense of the word but not chubby and with an ok tan. Second was that I was short. Very short. I can't remember what age would fit this height but chances are it would be different in Christian's world anyway. Finally and, depending on how things are, the most worrisome was that I was naked. Please let me be worrying over nothing. " If you are curious you're 10 at the moment and the naked thing is something you and Rose have in common." Oh that could have so many connotations. " Let me guess." I thought back to him. "Rose would be my little sister most likely 9 at this point?" I assume the feeling he sent back was a yes so I continued. "Which means I'm related to Harry as well?" I sighed. I could already see how this was going in my head. I may have forgotten any idea I ever had to do with this story but it is still mine and I am still a writer, how good depended on your perspective. " Ok Striker what first?" Talking to myself in my head and waiting for a response was going to take some getting used to. " Well first is a shower. It's through that door right next to the cabinet." I took his advice and walked through the door pausing to look in the mirror as I entered the bathroom. Ok eyes still the same colour maybe a little darker. Hair was definitely darker. Black instead of the normal dark brown. Face seemed a bit sharper too. I shrugged and hopped into shower and the water turned on automatically to what seemed like the perfect temperature. After a moment of getting used to the water I went through my routine. After some time I got out, brushed my teeth and went back into the bedroom. Should probably get used to calling it my own. "So what now? I assume there is a downstairs where I should go to eat breakfast?" I headed to the wardrobe to grab some clothes. " Yeah. You know you don't have to get dressed." I paused mulling that thought over before grabbing some shorts and looking for some underwear. Probably not smart to trust the self-proclaimed dark wizard about what to wear to breakfast. It was as I was getting dressed that it occurred to me. "Wait why the hell do you run around naked?" That question obviously caught him of guard. " Well I don't anymore but why shouldn't I have?" " Well because it is extremely childish for one. Don't get me wrong I'm perfectly fine with doing it especially since you look a lot better than I did but it's not really something I picture a dark wizard doing." " Why do you think I got into dark magic? I loved the rush and the freedom." Probably should have expected a reply along those lines. That didn't stop the one thought I had being sent to him though. "Oh my god you're an exhibitionist." I put my heads in my hand as that went through my mind. What Striker said next made me feel a lot worse. " Hey I'm a dark wizard I have all types of kinks." Deciding from then on to ignore whatever the evil voice in my head had to say I left my room and went downstairs. I knew what types of things went on in the deepest darkest recesses of my mind. They weren't pretty. And while I hoped that the me writing this, assuming this was all a story and not me being delusional, would not put in anything to bad so as not to make himself look like a horrible human being I knew that I would love to make myself suffer more. So it was, with Striker giving me mental instructions, that I made my way towards the kitchen where breakfast would be held since the dining room was apparently dinner only. I walked in and there they were. Lily with her red hair working beside what could only be the miniature version of James himself, Harry. Said grown up was sitting at the table with the Daily prophet in hand. So far seemed like the perfect family… "Wait how the hell are they still alive?" " I'll fill you in later. For now just take the chair directly opposite where Mum and Harry are cooking." Ignoring how strange it was to hear a version of me call Lily Potter Mum I did as told and said good morning to what was going to be my new family for who knew how long. Lily was the first to speak up, damn I'm going to have to get used to calling her Mum as well. "Good morning sweetie." She was quickly echoed by Harry and James before she asked me a question. "Would you mind going to see if Rose is awake yet?" I said yes and left the kitchen immediately. I don't know why but I got the distinct impression that my presence made them feel awkward. On the way back up the stairs I had a quick conversation with Striker. "So any reason why she isn't up yet?" " She's trying to show she is a big girl by sleeping without a nightlight. She gets scared but is too stubborn to wake Mum and Dad. She used to go crawling in with Harry but he wasn't getting enough sleep because she kept moving so she stayed in her room." During that lengthy explanation of my new sister's sleeping habits I found myself outside what Striker said was her room which happened to be across the hall from mine and opened the door. Chances are if the alarm didn't wake her, my knocking wouldn't either. Besides she runs around naked, if the voice in my head is to be believed, what could she possibly have to be embarrassed about? As I opened the door I saw exactly what I expected a little girl's room to look like. Short answer being everything was pink. That reminded me that I didn't really take a good look around my room but Id worry about that later. I moved toward the bed where a lump in the blankets told me Rose was still sleeping. As I got closer I noticed that the blankets seemed to be tangled around her, definitely a restless sleeper. I pulled them back and saw her. She was your typical Harry's sister. Red hair, cute as can be, probably had James' brown eyes which would