DI Phillips Disclaimer: I don't own Lord of the Rings, or any of Tolkien's works; I am only writing this story as a fan, and understand that by doing so I have no rights to anything that is written in this fanfiction. The Tongue Basher "Phillips!" DCI Logan yelled from his office's door while motioning for DI Phillips to engage in conference. "Sir?" Phillips said as she approached her above-ranking officer. She had just come from the toilets, she always took her smartphone with her to play WordScramble, and she was damn good at that game. Her family always joked about it being what made her a detective. "Have a seat, Liz," DCI Logan motioned for her to sit. "Put your phone away." "Sir, if this is about that rubbish in the café, then I'd li—" She was cut off by Logan as she was shoving her phone in her pocket. "Liz that was an isolated incident, I trust, and will clear up soon, this is about the case." DCI Logan explained with a very solemn demeanor. "Boss?" Liz replied perplexed. Detective Chief Inspector James Logan and Detective Inspector Elizabeth Phillips were part of a specialist crime unit based in East Yorkshire called SC-11 who specialized in high-profile cases including murder, sexual-based offenses, drug and human trafficking, etcetera. The current case they were part of solving was a couple of rape-murder cases that seemed to be linked, but not proven. "There's been a third case killed with the same MO as the other two. There's been a body found on Bridlington Beach. She's suspected to be Edith Bishops who was reported missing a fortnight ago by her flatmate. A formal identification will be needed because there were not any identifiable documents or driving license on the body, but for now I need you to go to the scene." DCI Logan explained further. "Yes, Sir." Liz replied. "Sir?" "Liz?" DCI Logan answered. "Are we linking these cases as being done by a single killer?" Liz probed. "Depending on the post-mortem, we will. Though, I expect to release information tomorrow at the press conference stating that this is the act of a serial killer. I expect there'll be a wave of questions after I make the statement." DCI Logan replied. "Right," DI Phillips said and made for her desk. "Phillips?" DCI Logan said as she was leaving, "Make sure to report back with your findings as soon as you can. Take DS Thompson with you." Liz nodded knowing the sensitivity of this case. She grabbed her jacket and keys and both DI Phillips and DS Thompson made for her car. Thompson got in the passenger's seat as Liz started her small Ford up. "Have you been briefed, Tony?" DS Thompson answered, "I was. I was with DCI Logan when he got the call. I think you were in the toilets." "Right, have you ever visited the scene before?" Liz questioned as they made for the scene travelling east. Tony shook his head with reluctance in his eyes, "I've sort of avoided it till now." He replied. "Well, I'm going to warn you, this will not be easy. My first time was in an investigation of a hit and run, and I threw up. I expect this scene to be brutal, so prepare yourself, although there is not a lot that can prepare you for it." Phillips explained. "Mm.?" Tony said. "Will this be likened to the photographs I've seen of the other two?" "Like I said, Tony." Liz gulped, "This will be brutal." For the rest of the ride to Bridlington the car was silent. DS Anthony Thompson rested his elbow on the door and stared out into the clouds brooding on the images that he had seen, horrible images. The other two victims: Emery Lewis and Erin Garrison both had been discovered in Scarborough a month prior to the assumed new victim. Both near the shore, between the ages of 20 and 30, and students at East Riding College. Both brutally raped and murdered. It was usually cloudy, threatening to rain in this part of England. The clouds offered a place to ponder the images that Tony had seen from photographs, and Liz, from a personal account. They arrived upon the scene; waves were crashing, rain starting to trickle down. The crime scene had a white tent set around it to preserve evidence, though it was doubtful there would be any, not much was discovered at the other two crime scenes. Liz and Tony had to suit up coveralls, hairnets, masks, gloves and boots, before they stepped close to where the body of the young woman was. Liz entered the tent first to try to give Tony a minute, the sight was as she expected. Liz looked back at Tony as he entered the tent. Just the sight of her discolored skin was enough to make DS Thompson faint, let alone everything else. Thompson was dragged away from the scene to regain consciousness. Liz showed her badge to the guard, "DI Phillips Yorkshire S-C 11, can you tell me the time of death?" Liz questioned the pathologist as she inspected the scene. Photographers were flashing their cameras at the unfortunate scene. "I need to take her back to the lab before I can tell you that," Forensic Pathologist, Dr. Frank Preston, said in his usual manner. "Frank, give me an estimate." DI Phillips demanded. "As far as I can tell, she has been dead for 72 hours give or take." Frank said to her as he took some samples from under the victim's broken fingernails. "Thanks," Liz said as she inspected further. "As far as you can tell, is this the scene of death?" "As far as I can tell, she is almost an exact mirror of the other two victims." Frank stated, "My guess is she was killed at a different location from the fact that there is no blood spatter or much blood evidence at all, really." Liz noted what she saw. Edith, who they assumed to be the victim, lie on the sand with her hands bound behind her back tied with what was assumed to be her own stockings. The cause of death was assumed to be bludgeoning, though not much blood was present at the scene; the theory that she was killed at a different location fit. She was gagged with her pants which were still in her mouth. After Liz moved the pants, she discovered the killer had taken her tongue as a trophy as he did with the other two victims. Her hair was braided to the right side, opposite of where the fatal head wound was present, like the other two victims. This was information that had not been released to the press, therefore could not be a copycat. Liz exited the tent as she got her mobile out to phone her boss. She saw Tony was revived as she was ringing DCI Logan, Tony slowly walked over with a bottled water to hear what she had to report. "Boss," Liz said on the phone, "The victim was bludgeoned, gagged and braided, and her tongue is missing, I can confirm this as the newest victim of the Tongue-Basher, as soon as a formal identification takes place." Liz took off her gear and put her phone in her jacket. "Right, let's go Thompson. The boss told us to contact the parents of Miss Bishops. We need to get to Langton, break the news to Mr. and Mrs. Bishops, then take one or both to the lab for formal identification." "Liz?" Tony said. Liz looked at him. "You're not going to tell anyone what happened, are you?" Liz shook her head, "It took balls to even look Ton." They both got in the Ford and headed west to Langton. It wasn't that far of a drive, but it was long enough for Tony to really be briefed on the case that he missed while he was unconscious. As new to the force as Thompson was, he really was brilliant, much like Liz. He discovered things that many other detectives overlooked; it was the physical side of things that he was still maturing upon. "Hey, Liz" he started, "Perhaps this is a coincidence, or irrelevant, or silly, or—" "Spit it out," Liz said as she turned into the neighborhood. "Well, have you noticed that all three victims, Emery Lewis, Erin Garrison, and now Edith Bishops… Well, they all have names which start with an E." Tony suggested. "I knew it to be a coincidence, but you're right, it is something to consider. You remind the boss about it when we arrive back at the station. Well spotted Ton." She said as she pulled into the Bishops' driveway. She parked the car and they both got out and straightened their attire. Tony knocked on the door. A mid-aged woman answered the door. "Hello, Mrs. Bishops? I'm Detective Sergeant Thompson and this is Detective Inspector Phillips." He stated. A very concerned, yet hopeful woman nodded and invited them in. "Will you come in? Have a seat just through there. Can I get you some tea?" she directed them. "Thanks Mrs. Bishops, but no. We have some information concerning your daughter Edith, but first we would like to ask you a few questions." Liz replied, Tony shook his head concerning tea. "Of course," She said, "Do you mind if I get some tea first?" "Of course not," Tony said. "Be respectful, and hold back for a little while, Ton." Liz whispered. Tony nodded his head to her as Mrs. Bishops came to sit down with her tea. "Your daughter, Edith, she's 23?" Tony started. "Well, next week she will turn 24, but yes." Mrs. Bishops answered. "She is attending University?" He asked. "Yes, at East Riding," She replied. Tony nodded. "Do you know of anyone who might want to harm your daughter, Mrs. Bishops?" Liz asked. "Well you always have your odd person feuding with you about something or other, but no, not that I am aware of." She answered concerned "Have you found her?" "Mrs. Bishops, Edith was majoring in dance, was she not?" Liz deflected the question. "Well, she was, but then decided to change to psychology. She fell in love with learning about it halfway through her time there when she took a required coarse. She was prepared to graduate this season." Mrs. Bishops answered. "Will you answer my question?" "Psychology?" Liz repeated, "When exactly did she start that?" Liz looked at Tony, and knew they were thinking the same thing. "Please, just answer my—" She was interrupted by her door opening. "Dear?" Mr. Bishops called as he entered the house. "We're in here," Mrs. Bishops replied. "She started courses about two Septembers ago, clinicals started last September." Mr. Bishops sat next to his wife. "Have you found our Edith?" He asked. "Sir," Liz solemnly started, "This morning there was a discovery of a body that matches the description of your daughter. I'm so sorry to say it, and to ask one or both of you to come to identify her. She had no ID on her person." At this point both of the parents broke down and sobbed holding each other for a while. "DS Thompson and I will give you a few moments." Liz motioned for Tony to follow her close to the door so the couple could be alone. "Liz," Tony started. "I know, they are all linked by clinical psychology." Liz finished. "I suspect that the killer is one of the patients they might have interviewed." Tony said. Liz nodded and shushed him as the couple slowly walked to the doorway where they were. "We both want to see our Eddi, we both need closure." "Of course, would you like to come with us?" Tony said. "We'll drive, I'm okay to drive," Mr. Bishops wiped his snot with his sleeve. They all got into their respected cars and drove to the station.