-x- Chapter I: Uno -x- Nico wakes up to the sound of a sixteen-wheeler blaring its horn to the car in front of it. He jolts into awareness as the vibrations tremor under the dirt ( dirt? ) and finds himself over a hilltop next to the highway. Confusion is the only emotion he feels. Nico isn't one who shadowtravels in his sleep—to do that would mean that his mind would find absolute peace. Seeing as his mind is in a perpetual state of utter chaos over why he's sitting on a hilltop in the San Francisco Bay area instead of hugging Jason's pillow and burying himself in the scent of Jason's aftershave, Nico has no clue why he's suddenly on the other side of the country. A trip like that requires at least a catnap of some sort—but Nico doesn't think he shadowtraveled before waking up. He stands to his feet and finds that his Stygian iron sword is strapped to his belt. That'd been the first thing he took off before going to bed last night. Nico's jacket is missing. He's cold. The only explanation that comes to mind is that he's been dressed for this certain visit. There's a possibility that this is a Summons from a god. Ugh. Nico can think of better ways to start out his morning. Hopefully Hazel has cocoa prepared for him when he arrives. Stretching out his limbs, Nico can't help but feel good. He doesn't know why, but it feels like he received more than three hours of sleep. Once this visit is over (and he hopes there's no life-threatening contract that goes with the deal), he plans on returning to Camp Halfblood. To Jason. Shaking those thoughts from his psyche, Nico forces himself to focus on the matter at hand. There's a reason he's been given a summons. It's rare for a Child of Hades, but the experiences Nico can remember have not been pleasant ones. He steps into his own shadow and reappears at the bridge over the Little Tiber. More chaos ensues. "It's…It's Nico! di Angelo's back! He's finally back!" Nico jumps. Before he can let the declaration sink in, someone tackles him and gives Nico a big bear hug. Frank? He recognizes Larry from the Second Cohort and Bobby from the Fifth. Hank and Dakota suddenly throw Nico over their shoulders and cheer . Campers flood from everywhere , and Nico can't seem to pinpoint what's happening, let alone catch his breath. He shakes at the vice grip over his ankles, and he hisses, "Put me down !" but no one cares. Frank is beside Larry, looking at Nico with a dorky grin. "Dude, you've been gone forever ! I, uh—I like the hair." "What the Hades is going on?!" Nico demands. He wriggles to loosen the grip over his legs, but no avail—they march Nico all the way to campgrounds before he can feel the dirt beneath his feet again. Larry and Bobby punch him jokingly on the arms, and Nico can't get over the fact that this isn't the camp he's used to. Never in his life has anyone picked him up over their shoulders. A crowd this big doesn't gather around him unless they're dead. He searches the faces for Hazel, but she's nowhere to be seen. Nico rationalizes with himself—if he can find Hazel, then he can leave New Rome in one piece without screaming at the sky. Jason's suddenly in view as he descends from the clouds—wearing the purple robes and gold armor of a praetor. There's surprise in his demeanor, and Nico mutters, thank gods that he isn't in this backwards camp on his own. (He thanks the gods and wonders why on earth Jason is wearing those robes if he resigned his praetorship three months ago, all at the same time.) "Nico!" The crowd parts for the second praetor as she makes her way out of the forum. She wears the same robes that Nico often sees on Reyna, with the imperial gold breastplate and the many badges on the brown straps. Gods, maybe she can explain what's going— Nico's throat swells. His eyes suddenly moisten with tears and he gets only a second's glance at the other praetor before she throws her arms around him. "Bianca?" -x- Jason wakes up to a hand on his neck. His entire body aches—which is something he should expect after he told Nico that he doesn't mind sleeping on the floor. The first thing he sees are the glassy irises of his cabin mate as Nico tries to shake the sleep out of him. Then—Jason pulls out of his grogginess when he realizes Nico is touching him. "Ni—?" " Shh ." In an instant, Nico clamps a hand over Jason's mouth. Jason sits up, now fully alert, and stares at Ni—the stranger in disbelief. He shakes off the boy's hand and slides back two feet. Blue eyes scrutinize the body before him in disbelief. "You're not Nico." That isn't exactly the truth. Jason can tell why he mistook this boy for Nico. His uninvited guest has the same mad genius eyes and nose—but isn't all angles and bones. This boy's skin is creamy—almost gold from healthy exposure to the sun, and his jaw is soft. A half-smile, half-smirk curls against his lips—but it's the vivacity of it that nearly blinds Jason. On the boy's forearm are three bars—akin to every year of service—and a glyph that resembles a Symbol of Pluto. His shoulders are broader, with lean muscle that fills out the rest of his body. Jason notices that the boy is also wearing a Camp Jupiter t-shirt in place of Nico's usual jacket. Not Nico smirks softly and brushes his fingers on the juncture of Jason's neck. "I know you're not a morning person, but we need to get out of here." It takes three seconds to realize how vividly Jason can see those eyes. Not Nico sports the Legion's standard crew cut instead of the wily curls that usually covers Nico's narrow face. Faintly, Jason tries to match this face with anyone back in New Rome but he can't make it past Nico's eyes and Nico's lips and Nico's nose and Nico's overall face. Electricity bristles at the tips of Jason's fingers—his mind giving into the second instinct to attack. Not Nico notices immediately. "Good," the boy breathes. "I don't know how we got here, or why you followed me, but we're gonna get out. Let's shadowtravel." Followed? "We're at Camp Halfblood," Jason says in a normal tone. He stands to his feet and ignores the firm hand on his bicep. Tries to keep his voice in solid. "Soldier, I don't know what's going on—but who are you?" "Camp Halfblood?" the boy frowns. "What the Pluto is that ?" Jason ignores the close proximity between himself and Not Nico. Yet the boy remains only footsteps away, clearly comfortable with Jason, even though the former has never seen Not Nico a day in his life . The resemblance is there, but Jason can't see the similarities past that. Which is when he remembers—"Where's Nico?" A dark eyebrow shoots in the air. Jason shivers because it's another similarity between both boys. Even the meaning behind that one brow is alike—like he's asking, Seriously? "I am Nico." -x- Nico has a lot of questions. Which is fine because Bianca won't let him out of her sight. He wonders if he's dead and in heaven, but Nico has enough common sense to know that isn't true. (Or a reality, in his own beliefs.) Dark eyes remain open in order to spot the crack in this illusion, but everything is so… real. (The daunting part is that if Nico really wants to , he can convince himself that the past four years of hardships was just a dream. He's tempted to do so.) Frank claps a hand over his shoulder as Bianca and Nico retreat (which is an odd sentiment, because Nico is under the impression that Frank is afraid of him) and Jason eyes Nico in a disturbing stare down. Everyone mocks salutes like an awkward inside joke that Nico doesn't understand, but Nico is Bianca's for the rest of the afternoon. Aurum and Argentum follow Bianca like noble guard dogs and Nico watches as she summons a bar of bronze for them to munch on. Once the crowd disperses, she takes him by the hand and they head toward New Rome. The grip is surreal and he can feel her touch and the pulse beneath that skin. Bianca holds his hand like they haven't seen each other in ages and Nico wants scream yes , it's been years and he still can't believe that she's dead and that she left him and now she's here standing in front of him, living, breathing, and beautiful. The shock he feels is anchored by the fact that none of this can be real. She changes out of her praetor garb into the camp t-shirt and jeans. The freckles are still dispersed across her nose and cheeks, like a branding that grounds Nico and assure him she's his. He used to be jealous of those freckles. Used to ask Mama to buy him some. Bianca is beautiful with her creamy sun kissed skin and long black hair. He's taller than her, he thinks while at the brink of hysterics, but they're both grown so much. The difference between Nico's Bianca and this Bianca has a long, off-color scar that starts at the underside of her wrist and spirals upward into her sleeve. Nico wants to ask about it, but he hasn't come down from the high that she's here with him. So their conversation is one-sided, with Bianca addressing the mundane activities that have happened while "he" has been gone, asking how Nico's been, and making fun of him for how scrawny he's gotten. Before he knows it, Bianca shoves a tray full of chicken, mashed potatoes, Cheetos, and plenty of other things toward him when they make it to a café in New Rome. "Eat," she announces with a soft smile. There's hesitation in her eyes before she makes a gesture toward her mouth. Bianca's four fingers glue together in a slight crook and she taps it against her lips. "You look like the dead." Several other gestures follow. Sign language? Nico blinks at the prospect but it doesn't leave his mind. The glimmer in her eyes lets Nico know that these are just formalities. Bianca has something that she wants to say, but she doesn't know how to say it. (That's how he's avoided confrontation with her in the past after he hid her favorite hat.) "I don't really…" Eat a lot , he starts. But the look she gives him makes it impossible to refuse. Nico plucks the apple off his tray and sinks his teeth into it. The juices soak in the misery he's felt since he was ten years old. It's cold. Sweet, as honey. It's the best apple he's ever eaten. All the while, Bianca stares at him with a bittersweet look. He wonders where this universe's him has been this entire time. Nico's a little angry at "himself" for making his sister worry. Finally, he asks, "How long have I been gone?" "Two months." She uses both hands when she signs this time. He nearly chokes on his second bite. " What? " Two months ? "The campers—I…" Bianca's smile fades and that sad glimmer in her eyes takes over her demeanor. More gestures. Nico isn't fluent, but Bianca's hands are so solid when they sign to him. She catches him staring, mesmerized, and soon after stops. Talks a little louder. "I thought you died." "Bianca, I'm so…" Nico doesn't know where to start. He's sorry that his other self didn't write or call. That he wasn't more supportive of her when she became a hunter. That the last time