Title: Vampires Like Coconut Milk Rating: M+ Pairing: Jason Grace x Nico di Angelo; Leo Valdez x Mitchell Kadar (for more information, please visit my profile); Piper McLean x Annabeth Chase x Reyna Avila Ramirez-Arellano Genre: Romance; Hurt/Comfort; Family Notes/Warnings: Written for the PJO Big Bang 2014! Gift for tumblr user unprofessionalamber as well! This story contains mentions of past!sexual abuse and underage sex, along with emotional/psychological abuse. Please read with caution. Summary: The story starts with pads. Yes. Vampires and pads. The goddamn irony of the whole ordeal. Then there's the coconut milk, which Nico doesn't really understand because he thinks that coconut milk tastes terrible. And really, iron powder? How does that help? Then there's Percy, of course, because Percy is just there and the siren, the werewolf vodka-stealing sister, the vampire, and, no, Nico's name does not mean Victory of the Angels, so Leo needs to not give Nico a migraine this early in the day. Jason's lucky he's just that great a matter what Juno says. Disclaimer: -x- Chapter I -x- When he thought about it months later, Nico had, ironically, gone to the store to buy pads. At this time of night, it was safer for Hazel to just stay home. Besides, he was on the way back to their apartment anyway. There was no point in her fretting and making the trip if he could just grab them on the way. He got off the bus two blocks away from their neighborhood and walked to the convenience store. Before the accident, Nico used to go there all the time to get emergency items for Bianca. It really wasn't a big deal. (Still, Hazel sounded embarrassed over the phone.) Which was where he found the source of all his curiosities. Three feet away from Walgreens stood a guy. Tall—about half a foot taller than Nico himself. The guy was big, but not as big as Frank. (Frank was a giant compared to Hazel. It was crazy how they were a couple.) He wore a black hoodie and dark pants—all of which blocked out the bright glow from Walgreen's window. Once Nico got closer, he realized that the boy was as pale as a ghost and looked ready to puke. He debated on ignoring it. The Good Samaritan in him ignored ignoring it. "You okay?" Taking reluctant steps, Nico made sure to keep a foot of distance between them. The boy looked up with blue eyes that seemed like they'd seen better days. He looked around Nico's age—maybe older, and maybe sicklier. The guy might have been tall , but he wasn't healthy. Still—Blue Eyes had the nerve to smile. His pale lips curved by the tiniest degree and he nodded. "A little." A little. That made no sense. Nico held the phone tucked in his pocket. "Do you need a doctor?" "Something like that." The soft tenor of Blue Eyes's voice was disgustingly weak. He sat up in a better position and pulled out a crumpled twenty. "Can you do me a favor?" "Can't buy beer, if that's what you mean." Great. If this guy was sulking because he couldn't get beer, than Nico was standing there for nothing. "I'm only nineteen." "What?" Blue Eyes laughed, but it looked like it hurt. "No, no. Not that." With his other hand, he pulled out a slip of paper. "What's that?" Nico's gaze narrowed. "Too bright in there," the other boy breathed. "Can you go in there and get it for me?" " Why? " "Too bright," he repeated. "I'll pay you." To be safe, Nico examined the boy again. Honestly, Blue Eyes looked like he couldn't hurt a fly. He was going to go in there anyway-why not get paid to do so? "Okay." "Cool." Then, Blue Eyes sighed. He put both hands out and Nico grabbed the money and paper. "Don't forget the coconut milk." Going inside, Nico was given the fake welcome by Percy, per usual. He didn't have to look up to know that Percy was probably playing the latest installment of Pokemon behind the register. According to Percy—while he was great with the customers that came in—he had the tendency to break or make things explode. If he promised to sit still, then the manager let him breed squirtles for the whole shift. Plucking a basket from the clumsily stacked display near the entrance, Nico skimmed Blue Eyes's list and couldn't help his frown. He gathered all the items (which were all immediately available in the store, surprisingly) along with Hazel's pads before going to check out. "Hey." Percy shut his game and grinned at him kindly. "What are you doing out this late?" "Hazel needed some things." Nico pulled out money from his wallet and set it next to the register. His shoulders went to his ears and he stuffed his hands back in his jacket. "Cool." Percy scanned the items in a swift fashion and placed them in the bags beside him. He lifted the packet of pads and arched an eyebrow at Nico. "You get bad bloody noses?" "Uh…no?" "'Cause if you do, I recommend getting tampons. They fit in the nose better." Percy waved the packet around, like he was waiting for Nico to agree with him and trade them out for tampons. "I saw them in a movie once. Remember when Clarisse La Rue broke my nose? Totally helped." "You told her she sounded like a man." Nico snorted. "Percy, I am not—" "Kidding." With a wily grin, Percy set the last item in the bags and took the bills sitting next to the register. "$18.76. Here's your change." "Thanks." Holding his hand out, Nico felt Percy's fingers graze his own palms unintentionally. Percy grabbed the bag full of items and handed it to him. Then, with an overly-cheerful wave, he sung, "Have a nice day~!" "Bye." Nico rolled his eyes. He grabbed a separate bag for the pads and exited. Blue Eyes was still sitting in the dark. The shadow of the hood covered half his face, but not the weak and eager grin across his lips. He tried to stand on his feet, but Nico gently pushed him back down. Nico grimaced. Even through the hoodie, the guy was cold at the touch. "You got my stuff?" Blue Eyes whispered quietly. "Yep." Nico held it out at arm's length along with the crinkled twenty. "You didn't use it?" Immediately, Blue Eyes's smile dropped. He actually glared at the bill. "Didn't need to. It wasn't that much," Nico lied. He scanned the street carefully before sitting across from the other boy. "I'm not going to take money from you while you're sick. Or when you aren't, for that matter." "M'not sick," the other boy muttered. He stared at the bag full of belongings in the middle, then to Nico. Heat surged in Nico's cheeks. He was glad it was too dark to be seen. "I'll leave when I know you're okay." Under the pale lighting, he could see Blue Eyes lick his lips at everything sitting in front of him. He pulled the hood off his head and picked apart the bag immediately. The iron powder was taken out first, then the six pack of coconut milk. He pulled the tab on one can and showered it with the former. What the… "What're you," Nico frowned, "anemic?" The smile over Blue Eyes's mouth was irrefutable. His gaze gleamed appreciatively in Nico's way before he downed the whole can. "Something like that." A disbelieving laugh fluttered in Nico's throat. "You're crazy ." "Again— something like that." Blue Eyes proceeded to do that with the rest of the six-pack. Nico thought he'd seen everything when a drunk Percy ate a two liter jar's-worth of blue jellybeans. That same mouth moved on to the large carton of milk and ham-and-cheese gas station-type sandwich that was also on the list. Blue Eyes also devoured half a bag of sunflower seeds. He arched an eyebrow at the tiny packet of sushi Nico'd bought by himself. "That's for you," Nico reassured. "It's a good source of protein." "Oh. Uh—thanks." By the end, Blue Eyes had consumed three-fourths of the bottle of iron powder through the coconut milk and sprinkling it over the food like it was salt. That many milligrams should have killed a person—but Nico had to admit, the guy looked a lot better. He was even able to stand on his own two feet. "Thanks," Blue Eyes breathed. This time, it was mixed with honest relief. He'd emptied all the contents of the bag. "Without you, I would have…" His voice trailed off, but Nico could get the gist of it. Standing at the tip of his feet, Nico pressed his hand to Blue Eyes's forehead. "You still look a little pale. Do you want me to walk you home?" Immediately, Blue Eyes fell back. He pulled the hood over his face once again and stuffed his hands in his pockets. "Nah, I'm, uh, fine. You should probably get those back to your girlfriend." "What girlfriend?" Nico wrinkled his nose. That couldn't be further from the truth. Blue Eyes gestured to the bag still looped in Nico's hand. "Oh—no. Those are for my sister." "Then she must be getting worried." A shy smile worked its way over Blue Eyes's lips. "Thanks for everything, man. I'll be fine on my own." "But—" Blue Eyes gripped him by the shoulders and whirled Nico around until the shorter boy found himself staring in the direction of his apartment. He blinked. When he turned around, Blue Eyes was gone. -x- Once Nico got home, he left the pads near Hazel's door. The next morning, Blue Eyes's crinkled twenty falls out of the back pocket of his dirty jeans. -x- The following week found Nico in the same situation—late in the evening and out in public. Hazel and he had the tendency to stay up until the sun came out, which was why he couldn't figure out how Frank ever met his sister. Neither of them saw the light of day during the weekends—or weekdays, for that matter. The earliest class Nico had during the week was at three in the afternoon. Otherwise, he couldn't be bothered to be up before 11AM. That being said, baking a cake was obviously the best at two in the morning. They could beat the egg traffic before all the moms came to Walgreens and took the good ones. At Nico's suggestion, Hazel immediately shook a slumbering Frank (who'd fallen asleep around 8PM) and they dragged him to Walgreen's. (They compromised and let Frank bring his stuffed dolphin. The guy could seriously be weird sometimes.) "Chocolate cake?" Nico asked. He plucked the cocoa powder from the shelf. "Too easy." Hazel made a face and eyed the small produce section. "What about a lemon cake?" "Gross." Nico gagged. He picked up the 24-Pack of food dye and rubbed his chin. Yawning with exhaustion, Frank scratched his head and hugged his stuffed dolphin close. He blinked blearily at the baking section. "Can't we just buy some cake mi—" " No ," both brother and sister replied. Frank sighed. "Can't I just sleep?" "You can sleep after the cake's made, silly." Hazel stood to the tip of her toes and pecked the boy dearly on his cheek. "I'm gonna die… " "We could make an ice cream cake." Nico grinned and eyed both the strawberry extract and cocoa powder. "Neapolitan?" "We'd have to wait for the cake to chill before we used ice cream." Hazel rubbed her chin like Nico had done earlier. "Sounds perfect." "I'll get the ice cream." Nico turned his footing and bit back a chuckle when he heard Frank sob. Down one aisle, he picked up a carton of eggs and looked through the glass door of the freezer for ice cream. "Is this a regular thing for you?" Next to the blurry reflection of the nineteen-year-old boy