DISCLAIMER: I do not own the Twilight Saga or any of it's characters, but oh how I wish to. SUMMARY: Jacob's life has been nothing but hurt and betrayal, but when Sam Uley imprints on him this is bound to change...-right? Jacob's a bit OCC in this one due to his circumstances. SamxJacob, JarredxSeth boyxboy don't like don't read. A/N: Okay so this is my second SamxJacob fanfic and THIS TIME there will be lemons between the pairs. Obviously there are a few changes to the original twilight, I'll mention them further into the story but I will also list them here just in case: Jacob: 17 yrs. old, Not a 'Black' Sam: 25yrs old Seth: 16yrs old Jarred: 20yrs old Embry: 17yrs old Paul: 23yrs old Leah: 22yrs old Quil: 17yrs old Billy Black: NOT JACOB'S BIOLOGICAL FATHER Bella: knew Jacob in Phoenix Edward: Edward knew Jacob in Phoenix The other Cullens: Apart from Edward, they all live in Forks abiding by the treaty If they don't make sense at the moment, give them time, all shall be revealed later on. WARNING: Contains boyxboy, child abuse, hot guys, supernatural themes, shifters with no shirts, bullying, sparkling vampires, explicit scenes and ever so juicy lemons in later chapters. Enjoy! Phoenix Call Of The Alpha -Chapter One- "Who is that? " "Hey isn't that the new kid? "Look at his clothes" "Look at his shoes!" Jacob wanted nothing more than to disappear into the ground. Eyes followed him wherever he went, boring into him on all sides. He knew what they were looking at, Hell, he didn't blame them- how many kids came to school wearing nothing but black, with hair in their eyes and clothes four sizes too big for them? Okay maybe some people dressed like that but did they also have only two sets of hand-me-down clothes to wear each one threadbare thin and torn at the seams because they couldn't afford anything else? Did they also have shoes scuffed, covered with holes and missing the bottom on one? Did they also have hair mattered and tangled beyond belief because they didn't own a single comb? No. Jacob doubted very much that many people were like that and here, on the little outskirt reservation of La 'Push he seemed to be the only one. So naturally he stood out like a beacon. Jacob crossed the school car-park, deepening his hunch and shifting the defaced bag on his shoulder nervously. He was the new kid, yet again. It wasn't so bad in larger schools, normally the stares had ceased by second break, but here things were different. Here, on the La' Push reservation located on the rainy outskirts of Forks was one of the tiniest communities Jake had ever known and here a new kid at school was one of the main events of the year. It also meant that there would be more staring and more questions, questions Jacob had been forbidden to answer. Jacob suppressed a shudder as shivers crept down his spine. No he would not think of Garrid now. He would not think of what was waiting for him when he went home. Gritting his teeth Jacob finished the seemingly long trek across the car-park and pushed open the door to the administration office, ignoring the shoot of pain down his side as he used his injured muscles to do so. "Ah you must be Mr. Hill?" Jacob gave a small nod at the lady behind the counter. Accepting the small pile of forms she pushed towards him. Jake did not miss the slight crinkle of her nose when she got too close to him. Jacob sighed inwardly, his deodorant can had run out a few days ago, it looked like he had to go nick another one. He filled out the forms before him, randomly ticking off the classes he wished to attend. It wasn't like he was going to learn anything anyway- another perk of moving all the time. Garrid never liked to stay in a place longer than four months, just enough time to screw someone over, before moving to yet another town and yet another scam. Although it was their only source of income, Jacob hated it. Scamming people and moving around all the time prevented him from making any real friends, it also put a big setback on his education. Jacob attended school as much as he could but even then he would lucky to remember anything they told him and even if he did remember, it would be forgotten the moment he stepped into a new school and found them at a different level or on a different subject than he was. So what was the point of trying anyway? Jake went to school because it was what others expected him to do, it was also an excuse to get away from Garrid and his chums. But whatever the reason was, it was still flat-out boring. He wasn't going to pass his final exams anyway so what was the point in trying?- What was the point in sitting at a desk trying to hear the teacher over the petty gossip of others and copying down notes that he would probably never use in his entire life? Still, it was better than hanging around his 'father'. The lady took back the forms just as the bell for first class began to ring. "Here's your map of the school, your locker number and key, if you get lost don't be afraid to ask." Jacob nodded, accepting the items. "Now here's your timetable, it looks like you've got English up first with Mr. Cordell" Jacob nodded again he departed the office and took his time making his way to class, deciding to locate his locker first. Instead of opening his locker, Jacob paused at the locker just before it. With a quick glance around to make sure no one was watching, the teen pulled a small kitchen knife from his pocket. He pressed the tip to the lock and twisted it back and forth. A soft audible click announced his success and the slightly rusted door swung open. Jacob slipped the knife back into the sleeve of his overgrown jumper. School security, especially in a place like La 'Push really was pathetic. Quickly pawing through the books and other items in the locker Jacob spied what he was after; a half-filled deodorant can and a few dollars of loose change. Jacob stashed the items in his bag, but not without spraying the deodorant first. He slammed the locker shut and headed for his next class, pushing away the guilt he felt creeping into his mind. Jacob didn't like stealing; it reminded him of his father too much. The last thing Jacob wanted was to become like Garrid but every day he saw a bit of the old man in him; the stealing, the lying, the cover-ups Jacob hated it, soon he would be beating up others too. Jake frowned. No. He wouldn't sink that low. He would rather die before he laid a hand on another, it was really the only thing stopping him from being a mirror image of Garrid. Jake arrived at his class; Senior English, and pushed open the door. Accepting the teacher's welcome and avoiding the whole 'stand up in front of the class and introduce yourself' –apparently small towns like this still did that, even in high school- Jake took a seat at the very back of the class. He didn't have a workbook and he didn't have anything to write with, not that he could copy the notes off the board even if he wanted too. The words were too big for him and he didn't know what most of them meant. Jake let out a small sigh, it didn't matter anyway, his writing was too messy to even make out. Which always made assessment time fun. Jake used to not even attempt the work given to him, knowing he was to fail it anyway, but teachers always became too nosy when he did this. They were convinced that he was a 'bright boy but is too lazy to sit down and do the work' which meant they were always trying to contact Garrid in the hope he would make an 'input' on Jake's study. Oh yeah, Garrid made an input alright; beating him within an inch of his life and warning him that if his teachers didn't stop calling him he would make Jake regret it. So Jake started trying. That didn't help much either, he just scribbled sentences and vomited back up the words he's heard teachers use in class without understanding them. That had more productive results. His words were illegible, his sentences completely non-understandable and untranslatable- but hey, at least the teachers woke up to the truth. Jake was dumb, plain and simple. He was stupid. Or that's what Jake saw himself as anyway, Jacob knew he was to fail high-school. He knew he would never have a proper education or a solid home until he saved enough money to escape Garrid. Jake often considered running away, but he had nowhere to go and Garrid had always told him how much worse the streets were than living with him. By the way Garrid talked, the only way to survive on the streets was to get fucked up on drugs and become a hooker. Jake certainly didn't want that. As bad as things were at home, Jake didn't think he could handle being used in such a way. When the bell rang for first break Jake hung back from the rushing crowd. He didn't have anything to look forward to. He had no food and no money to spend- none that he could spare anyway, he needed to save it for the day he was able to escape Garrid and to Jake, the idea of leaving was so much more sweeter and satisfying than any type of food. When Jacob entered the lunch hall two things were absolutely certain; for one, the community at La 'Push must have been really small if they could get away with a lunch room this big and secondly, despite its size, the layout remained exactly the same as any other high school i.e. Grouping. Jake wasn't sure if there really were any 'clicks' around here but there were certainly predominant groups and areas in which people sat. Jake found an empty table right at the back of the hall and sat down, turning his head to stare out the window. Outside the grounds were damp with the near-constant rainfall making the grounds and its surroundings a lush, emerald green. Like everywhere around here, forests lined the edges of the property, reminding Jake that he wasn't anywhere near his old town of Phoenix. As always, Garrid hadn't stayed in town for very long, but to Jake Phoenix was the one place he'd come closer to fitting in than anywhere else. Jake sighed. In Phoenix, Jake had managed to make friends with girl named Bella Swan. They had been quite close at one point, both of them outcasts in such a large school. Jake even had the impression that he had a crush on her and had been well on his way asking her out when a certain Edward Cullen, came into the situation. Edward wasn't a bad guy. He was polite, charming, but most of all he made Bella smile. Jake had no chance at all. Despite being friends with the two for over three months, Jake couldn't help but notice something a little 'off' about Edward. He was almost too polite, too charming and the way he looked at Bella, sometimes it was like he wanted to…well eat her or something. He was shifty, that's what Jake was trying to say. Living with Garrid, one had to learn how to read people and how to predict one's mood, and Edward was just too shifty and shifty people