The first morning Percy had awoke to the feel of a hard cock pressed against him he had panicked. That had been shortly after he and Nico started invading Jason's bed at night. It had been one of the first nights in a long time that were completely Nightmare free. He had been lying, as usual, sprawled out on Jason's chest with Nico pressed to his side. The moment he had opened his eyes he had met Nico's sleepy dark eyes from where he was starting to wake up on Jason's shoulder and Percy positively grinned at him in triumph… something that Nico had softly returned with a sweetness crinkling his eyes that made funny things happen to Percy's insides. Then Percy had shifted up onto his elbows so he could try and clamber off Jason with out waking him(Jason usually was first up, so Percy decided to let him sleep in) when he felt it. Percy had frozen. Nico had tilted his head at him in confusion but Percy had been able to get any words out, and had just sort of gaped at him. The words 'sex' and 'Jason' had never consciously entered his mind before in the same sentence, Jason had always seemed like the kind of person who didn't get desires like that, and even though Percy knew that was just a ruse Jason wore to cover up how much of a dork he really was, he had never quite thought about… well, he had just become aware that he might like to kiss him and Nico recently, things like sex just hadn't come up in his mind about them as of yet. But with Jason's hard cock pressed to the inside of his thigh… well, needless to say it was difficult not to let his thoughts go straight to the gutter and he panicked slightly as he realized that he was starting to get hard too with just the thought of it all. He must have been worrying Nico with his stillness because a second later the demigod was touching his bare side(he slept shirtless) in concern. Percy had jumped and shifted in surprise and beneath him Jason had left out a deep, husky, moan that made something delicious curl in Percy's stomach and Nico freeze turning an impressive shade of scarlet. Before either of them could think or do anything Jason had shifted again and bucked up against Percy, his hard dick abruptly grinding up against the underside of Percy's balls. Before he could stop himself, Percy's head slumped forward and a soft whimper escaped his lips as he spread his legs a little wider. Raising his eyes he met Nico's gaze and felt whatever was left of his sanity completely derail. The demigod's face was completely flushed, but his lips were parted and glistening where he must have licked them seconds before and his eye were hooded and looked even darker then usual. Percy reached for him then and Nico leaned forward as well without seeming to think about it and Percy wasn't quite sure what he would have done then, just that every inch of him had been filled with a burning want . Then Jason had started shifting again and Percy abruptly realized that he was waking up. Percy reeled back so fast that he toppled off the bed. "Perce, you okay?" asked Jason sleepily as Percy tried to keep his breathing even and Nico practically buried himself in the covers on the other side of the bed. "Yeah, fine." Percy waving him off and angling his body away so Jason wouldn't be able to see the impressive erection he sported. Why had he decided it would be a good day to forgo underwear beneath his shorts? That was a terrible idea, "I call first shower!" He had shuffled off before anybody could say anything else. Quickly once he was in the bathroom he had shucked off all his clothes and hopped in the shower. Catching sight of himself in the mirror he almost didn't recognize himself, his hair was messing and his pupils were blown so wide there was only a thin ring of green left. He had been planning on a cold shower but instead he found himself soaking in the warm spray with his hand curling around his need with visions of Nico laying his hands on him, his eyes half hooded the way they had been in the bedroom. He thought of Jason and immediately his hand went beneath his balls to the sensitive patch of skin behind to try and recreate the pressure of the blonds cock. Percy had to choke on a moan, leaning his head against the wall and widening the stance of his legs. He could barely think beyond the roaring desire flooding his system. Before he consciously thought over what he was doing, Percy's hand slipped a little further back and one of his fingers pressed just slightly in… Percy came so hard he almost blacked out. After that he had switched the shower to a bath and had just sat and soaked for a long time until Jason knocked on the door asking if he was okay and if he knew why Nico was hiding under the covers and refusing to speak to him. There were several other occurrences of awkward erections in the morning, but Percy learned to just quickly leave the bed once he realized(which may or may not have been followed by intense jerk off sessions and further explorations of his "back door" so to speak). But it wasn't until several months after they had made the their relationship official that things changed about this. Percy was in a pretty deep sleep sandwiched between both of his lovers when Jason punched him awake sharply. "Grace, what the hell-?" "Percy… look." Jason croaked, his voice gone deep and gravely in a way that had Percy's cock twitch with interest. That was before Percy even saw why Jason had woken him; then he was rock hard. Oh…. "I thought he was having a nightmare at first. But then…" Whispered Jason raggedly against Percy's neck and the son of Poseidon realized he could feel the blond's cock hard as well as it was pressing up between his ass cheeks. It almost distracted him from the sight before him… almost. Nico's dark hair was strewn back against his flushed face. His eyes were closed, his lashes slightly wet with tears of frustration and his mouth hung wetly open, little whines of desperation escaping him. His shirt was hitched way up his skinny body and the covers were kicked off, not leaving much to the imagination as his narrow hips made little bucking motions in seek of any sort of relief for the erection he sported. "That is so hot…" groaned Percy breathlessly and Jason hummed in agreement. "Jace… Percy…" whimpered Nico in his sleep his hips bucking helplessly. Jason groaned and buried his face in Percy's neck and Percy, well, he didn't think at all. He just dove tongue first to lick and suck his way into Nico's open mouth. Nico's eyes snapped awake at once, startling before moaning and kissing back with just as much fervor as he drew their bodies closer. "Fuck-!" choked Jason as he watched the display, thrusting up automatically against Percy's ass. He started to apologize but Percy broke away from Nico to moan loudly. "Don't stop there, Grace." Panted Percy and he felt both Nico and Jason twitch against him. "I- okay." Agreed Jason breathlessly before turning his eyes on Nico, "You okay with this? You just woke up-" Kissing, noted Percy through his haze of lust as he watched Nico lean across Percy to shut Jason up with his tongue, was a very effective method of silencing the roman. Percy himself started to suck a very visible hickey into Nico's neck just above his pulse point and slipped his hands up the youngers shirt to stroke sensually up his sides. Then he felt Jason's hand on his thigh pushing up the fabric of his shorts and squeezing slightly before lifting his leg and sliding in between Nico's legs to grind slow circles into the other boys hardness while Jason himself ground himself between Percy's ass cheeks. Percy moaned shamelessly and wondered if Jason knew he was brushing just teasingly against his fluttering hole or not through all that fabric. "gods…" whimpered Nico, "I'd didn't think it would feel so…" "Ah… right… It's your first time with anyone right Nico?" Murmured Percy forcing himself to clear away some of the haze and pushing Nico back a little so they could both see his red face as he nodded. Percy looked back and he and Jason exchanged a glance and they both silently agreed on something; tonight, Nico would call the shots. "Say Nico, do you want to fuck me?" asked Percy maintaining eye contact and trying to control his wildly beating heart. If possible, Nico blushed even darker as his eyes grew darker with arousal and flicked to Jason. "Or of course you can always top me as well if you like." Jason added and Percy blushed too this time… Nico topping Jason… there was no words for how sexy that would be. "You- You guys would let me top?" asked Nico wide-eyed as he sat up slightly, Percy and Jason hurrying to follow suit. "Of course!" said Jason earnestly. "What he said," grinned Percy, "And why on earth would you think we wouldn't want to?" "I just… assumed I'd always be the bottom because… you know…" blushed Nico awkwardly. "No… I don't really know." Commented Percy tilting his head in confusion, "But if you want to bottom this time then of course, it's really more about what your comfortable with." "I just-" Nico looked away in embarrassment, "You two are bigger than me everywhere, and you were both straight before… so I just assumed…" "Nico…." Said Jason softly, "there is no superiority to being top or bottom. They're just different ways of feeling pleasure. The fact that we've had girlfriends before doesn't change that… nor does that make us straight, more like Bi." "… I suppose…" murmured Nico uncertainly. "Hey, you know what? Why don't we, instead of deciding who's going to fuck who right now, just prep everyone and see where it goes." Asked Percy nuzzling Nico affectionately as the boy processed the idea. "… that sounds good." Said Nico softly and Percy smiled and gave him a peck on his mouth. "Of course we don't have to do anything. If you change your mind at anytime-" Jason quickly said. "No!" interrupted Nico hurriedly before mumbling in embarrassment, "I've wanted to have sex with you guys for years, I don't want to wait anymore." "Well, you heard the man Grace," grinned Percy as Jason let out a low moan at Nico's admission, "Go grab some supplies from my room." "Of course you have supplies…" said Jason rolling his eyes as he did as ordered. Percy wasted no time after that in kicking off his shorts and climbing back on the bed. Nico gaped at him and eyed his body with an expression 1 part embarrassment and 3 parts desire. Percy tried not to preen but… what was he talking about? His lover was openly ogling his body; he was preening like hell inside. "No underwear?" asked Nico in a slightly choked voice. "Never." Grinned Percy and he enjoyed the way that made Nico swallow and curse. Percy's erection had flagged slightly in the earlier conversation, but it was coming rearing back as he watched Nico's flushed turned on face as he struggled out of his shirt. "Here," said Percy climbing over to kiss the younger demigod as he replaced Nico's hands on his sweats with his own, "Let me get that for you." Nico trembled ever so slightly in Percy's hands, whether from excitement or nerves he didn't know, but he kissed Nico with