Hey there, gentle viewers. I'm a big Wolfstar shipper, but have never tried writing a fanfic for it before. So yeah, this is my first attempt at Wolfstar. This fic is SFW, with the exception of a tiny bit of light swearing, and deals a lot with Remus's doubts, fears, and guilt surrounding being a Werewolf and his possibly (sorry, I mean probably) no hetero feelings for Sirius. So far I have this planned out to be between 2-4 chapters. Maybe 5 if you're lucky (or unlucky. Like I said, this is my first Wolfstar fanfic. Plus, I generally don't do SFW material, so chances are this is terrible). Either way, please rate, share, and leave a review (if this website does reviews. . . I get all the fanfic sites I post on mixed up). If you like this, and/or want a Wolfstar fic that's NSFW, just tell me that in your review, and I'll probably make it happen! Anyway, enjoy! Remus was running. Running faster than he had ever run before. He heard the low howl, and quickly turned and ran to his left, leaping over tree roots and fallen branches. He could here his parents calling for him, grief stricken. But he didn't stop running. The howl sounded once more through the night, and this time it was much closer. Remus slowed down. He was in the woods, and the full moon was lighting his path. He slowed even more till he was jogging. Remus was very small, being only 7-8 years old, but to him his age enabled h to see past the labels that adults put on things, such as the ones they put on the creature he was looking for. The howl split the night yet again and this time Remus could tell that it was coming from a clearing just ahead. He broke into a run again, and dashed into large, moonlit patch of bare grass and leaves. The calls from his parents had faded into the night. And there it was, not 20 feet away, on the other slide of the clearing. It let out a growl. It was 10 feet of solid fur and muscle. Its teeth were bared, and a line of drool was hanging down from its snout. Its fur was a smokey grey in the moonlight. This beast should have terrified Remus, but for some reason he felt drawn to it. As Remus entered the clearing, the Werewolf's eyes snapped onto him. "It's alright!" Remus called. "I won't hurt you." The Werewolf tilted its head slightly, studying him. Remus took a step forward, and the creature growled again, its nostrils flaring in warning. "I-I'm really sorry for you" Remus called. "It must me terrible. People thinking you're a monster all the time when you're just a normal person. And I bet it's painful, transforming?" The werewolf lowered itself down onto all fours and creept carefully towards Remus, looking, at least in Remus's eyes, like a lost dog. Dead leaves and twigs snapped and crackled as it's paws touched the ground. Remus smiled and held out his hand. "Hi, I'm Remus. Remus Lupin. I-I don't know if you can speak, but I do think you can understand me. . . ?" Remus trailed away as the Werewolf took another few steps towards him. There was now less that 5 feet separating them. "I'm sorry, again. I mean, I feel sorry for you. You really don't seem so bad." The beast took a couple more steps, closing the gap between the two. It began sniffing the hand Remus had stretched out towards it. Remus giggled as the fur on the Werewolf's face tickled his hand. "See, you're really OK" he said, and reached forward to scratch the beats ears. In a flash, the Werewolf had its claws on Remus's arm. With a deafening roar, it threw Remus back several feet. Remus screamed as he flew through the air. He landed painfully on his stomach, and the werewolf bounded forwards and pinned him down with one foot. Tears began to flow down Remus's face as the massive creature sliced down his back with its claws. Remus screamed louder, this time with pain and fear. He was going to die! He had believed the werewolf to be harmless and misunderstood. He had pitied it, for it was not able to help what it was. But he had been wrong. It was a vile, hateful animal. It was going to kill him! He could see it open its mouth. He could see the dozens of razor sharp, yellow teeth the size of pocket knives lowering towards him. He screamed louder, and thought he heard someone call his name. They call didn't sound very far away. "MUMMY!" Remus shrieked. "MUMMY, HELP!" He could smell the beast's breath in his face. He could feel its rough tongue giving him a preliminary taste. He could hear it whining persistently like a dog. Then, with one particularly forceful lick, Remus opened his eyes. He was slightly disoriented. A dull morning light was filtering through the window next to his four-poster bed, which showed a light grey must outside. He was 15, not 7. It was day, not night. He was safe at Hogwarts, not being attacked in the woods behind his house. And the thing licking him wasn't the Werewolf know as Fenrir Greyback, but rather. . . "Padfoot! Ahh! Geroff!" Remus cried, rolling away and sitting up to avoid more licks from the bearlike black dog sitting next to Remus's bed. The dog whined, then stood up on its back paws. But it didn't stop there. The dog kept growing taller, inch by inch. It's fur began to shrink back into its skin. It's face, muscles, and bones all seemed to rearrange until it turned into a boy of about 15, with rugged good looks and a fit frame, who was also wearing black, sleeveless pajamas. Sirius grinned down at Remus, wiping a strand of his long black hair out of his face. "Sorry, Moony. I couldn't resist. Besides, if you didn't wake up soon, you were going to miss breakfast." Remus glared briefly at Sirius, before remembering that he had nothing to do with the nightmare. Sirius didn't care that he was a Werewolf. For that was what Remus Lupin was. He had been bitten by the Werewolf that had attacked him in his youth, and the only people who knew about it were the Staff members at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and Remus's best friends in the world, James, Peter, and Sirius. They had found out on their own. Very month at the full moon, Remus was taken from the school, and delivered down a secret passageway under the Whomping Willow, a violent tree that attacked anyone who approached it. At the end of the passageway, Remus would enter an old, boarded up mansion, which resided in Hogsmeade Village. With now way in or out, he was safe to transform without hurting anyone until next morning, when he would be collected by a member of staff. James and Sirius had taken an interest in where James went on those nights, and followed him, dragging Peter with them. And when they found out, they were completely supporting. Sirius was the most accepting. In fact, he had been the one to suggest that James, Peter, and Sirius learn how to become unregistered animagi in order to help Remus through his nights as a Werewolf. Sirius seemed to know what Remus was thinking, or at least what he was thinking about. "I, errrmm, heard you muttering in your sleep, too" he told Remus, a note of concern in his voice. "Was- was it a nightmare?" Remus nodded, and Sirius swore. "It's the same one as usual. . . About Greyback attacking me when I was a kid" Remus said, hanging his head. Sirius jumped up onto the four-poster bed and pulled Remus close to him. "Listen, Moony, he can't hurt you now. You're safe at Hogwarts. And you can trust James, Peter, and I. We accept you, and we don't give a damn that you've got a Fuzzy Little Problem, OK?" Remus nodded. "Thanks, Padfoot. That's actually exactly what I needed to hear." "Glad I could help" Sirius said, giving Remus a quick half-hug. "I'm here anytime you need me, and I'm sure the same can be said for James. Now come on, we need to get to breakfast before it's all gone." Remus rolled out of bed and changed into his patched and worn robes slowly, thinking about James and Sirius. He wasn't sure where he would be, or if he would be able to function, if it wasn't for those two. Not only had they accepted him when they found out he was a Werewolf, but they'd gone above and beyond to help him with that issue. Remus was sure he had almost cried when Sirius suggested that he, James, and Peter become unregistered Animagi to give Remus some company on the nights when he transformed in the Shrieking Shack. And he had definitely cried when they actually went through with it. Remus owed Sirius James, and slightly Peter everything. "Come on then. We still have about half an hour left of breakfast. We may have time to catch some of the Daily Prophet if we hurry" Sirius said. He was wearing muggle jeans, a t-shirt with some obscure band, and an old leather jacket. He refused to wear the school robes, except during Quidditch matches, preferring to show distance between himself and his prejudiced family by wearing muggle clothes. The teachers had tried getting him to wear robes, but Dumbledore, the Headmaster, had intervened and decided to allow Sirius to wear what he wanted. It was an action that created respect for Dumbledore amongst most of the students. And besides, even Remus had to agree that Sirius looked hot in that outfit! Remus flinched slightly as the thought entered his mind. "It's alright" he told himself. "I was just making an onservation." "Something up, Moony? Have I got something on my face? You're staring" Sirius grinned. "What? Oh, right. . . Sorry. I guess I'm still pretty tired" Remus yawned, turning slightly red. Sirius waved off the excuse. "You're fine. Come on! Breakfast! I'm fucking starving!" The two boys hurried out of their bedroom, down the spiral staircase, through the common room, and out the portrait hole. They set off down the corridor at a brisk walk, chatting about the state of Sirius' hair (he was trying it out long as an experiment). They had almost reached the Entrance Hall when they rounded a corner and walked smack into Peeves. Or rather, walked in on him jamming a broom closet shut using a small but thick piece of wood. Remus frowned slightly. That piece of wood would be thwarted by anyone with a wand. It seemed it was a trap specifically for the caretaker, who was a Squibb. They had to get past Peeves. The fastest way to the Great Hall was around the Poltergeist. Any other route would have them arrive too late for breakfast. Sirius motioned for Remus to follow him. Perhaps Peeves would be too concerned with the closet to pester them. They walked forward, and the boots Sirius was wearing echoed through the hall with every step. Peeves turned maliciously towards them, a grin splitting across his face. He wizzed up to eye level, then floated upside down, tongue lolling out of his mouth. "Shit!" Sirius muttered. "Well well well" Peeves cackled. "If it isn't thing two and thing three! Where are things one and four, I wonder?" "Suck me!" Sirius spat. He had hated Peeves since day one, when Peeves had started to purposefully call him "Regulas", Sirius's brothers name. The joke stuck for a while, and for nearly a year he had to endure people calling him by his brothers name. "Ooohhhh, nasty Black flings nasty