What if the Victory Tour ended with a wedding rather than an engagement? A story that explores what would have happened if Peeta and Katniss had been forced to marry. How does this change affect their relationship? District 12? The rebellion? Rated M for later chapters. Author's Note: I own nothing but a healthy obsession with The Hunger Games Trilogy, which belong in their entirety to Suzanne Collins. No copyright infringement or disrespect intended. " I'll be in love with him just as I was," I say. " Just as you are," corrects President Snow. " Just as I am," I confirm. " Only you'll have to do even better if the uprisings are to be averted," he says. "This tour will be your only chance to turn things around." " I know. I will. I'll convince everyone in the districts that I wasn't defying the Capitol, that I was crazy with love," I say. President Snow rises and dabs his puffy lips with a napkin. "Aim higher in case you fall short." " What do you mean? How can I aim higher?" I ask. " Convince me," he says. -Catching Fire Am I convincing enough? Katniss Everdeen wondered as she stood looking at her reflection. She's certainly dressed the part of a blushing bride, wearing a white dress of heavy silk adorned with pearls, and with long sleeves that when outstretched could almost be the wings of bird poised to take flight. But Katniss is a caged bird. She will not fly from the Capitol's clutches. Will the games never end? She silently asked her reflection. But Katniss knows the answer to this question before she asks it. She and Peeta have not really escaped the arena, nor will the games ever truly end. They are still the Star-Crossed Lovers of District 12, still the Capitol's playthings, and still very much in danger. Ever since President Snow visited Katniss at her home in the Victor's Village upon returning from the games her every waking moment has been spent trying to keep her family safe. In other words, planning the biggest wedding Panem has ever seen. Immediately after her meeting with President Snow, Katniss, Peeta, and Haymitch devised a plan beginning with an announcement of their engagement and culminating with a Capitol wedding at the end of the Victory Tour. Which is why Katniss Everdeen, once the Girl on Fire, is now standing in a suite in the President's mansion, wearing the most beautiful wedding gown she's ever seen, trying to gather the courage to marry Peeta Mellark—her district partner, co-victor of the 74th Hunger Games, the Boy with the Bread. Her prep team left moments ago to find their seats amongst the Capitol crowd, leaving Katniss alone in her dressing room with her mother and sister waiting just outside the door. Prim was delighted by the grandeur of the Capitol and the ceremony itself. Though she suspected her older sister's apprehension, Prim did her best to appear joyful for the occasion. Katniss knew her mother and sister approved of Peeta. Even if they did question the sincerity of her affections and the suddenness with which everything happened, they didn't question her judgment. Katniss reminded herself to find joy in the day despite her dread. She focused on the prosperity their victory in the games brought to District 12 and the extra rations that would arrive on the supply trains to celebrate her and Peeta's union, a silent nod of approval from President Snow for a job well done. She smiled thinking of Prim in the bridesmaid dress Cinna had designed for her. The pale blue shade matched her sister's eyes perfectly, as did the ribbons strung in her blonde hair. Katniss looked at her reflection in the mirror once again. She marveled at how Cinna could make her look so unlike herself and yet so herself at the same time. Just as she thought of him, Cinna walked in holding a small box wrapped in silver tissue with a large bow. "What is this?" "An old tradition for weddings. The bride must have something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue." He continued, "Your dress of course is new. This box contains others." He said as he handed it to her. Katniss opened the box tentatively, curious as to what strange Capitol contraptions she would find inside. Cinna sensed her apprehension and calmed her nerves by telling her it wasn't a Capitol tradition but one much older, before the time of the Capitol and the Districts. She looked at him worried, wondering what kind of trouble he could get into because of this. Anything from the before the Dark Days was taboo, a direct affront to the Capitol. But again, Cinna answered her questions before she could even ask them. "It'll be our secret Katniss. Few people even know these traditions let alone would be able to piece it together." As he said this he opened the box and before Katniss on a bed of white silk lay three finishing touches that would complete her ensemble: a blue piece of fabric she didn't recognize, a beautiful hair comb laced with pearls, and her mockingjay pin. She smiled tentatively, realizing the lengths Cinna had gone through to make this day her own despite the Capitol's involvement. She knew that his dress combined with her pin would give her the bravery she needed to face the cameras, crowds, and President Snow. "This," he holds up the blue, lacy piece of fabric, "is a garter. It's to be worn around your thigh and to be removed by the groom." Katniss blanched at this bit of news. "Wha-what? Why?" "It's a symbol Katniss." "Of what? What could I possibly want to symbolize with that !" She said, looking as if she'd rather shoot it with one of her arrows than wear it. Cinna narrowed his eyes at Katniss and she felt the silent reprimand. "Its history is rather complex, but just know this: what I want for it to mean Katniss is that you trust Peeta. But what it will show to the audience—and more importantly to President Snow—is that you welcome Peeta's affection." Cinna hated to remind Katniss of the role she must play, hated to remind her that today was a charade. He, Peeta, Haymitch, and even Effie had tried to keep everything as genuine as they could, but sometimes the truth had a way of rearing its ugly head. Katniss accepted the garter as he helped her into it and then she looked back at the rest of the items in the box. "Ok, so the garter is blue. Which of these is which?" She asked pointing between the comb and the pin. "None of these are your something old. That is a surprise. And while this comb may be an antique I doubt the owner is ready to part with it. So let's call it 'something borrowed.'" "Who's was it?" Katniss asked as Cinna placed the lovely comb at the crown of her skull. The silver and pearls stood in contrast to her dark hair, which was done in the braided style she first wore at the Reaping. She silently appreciated all the little touches Cinna had made to ensure that she felt like herself. "If you can believe it or not, Haymitch. He asked me that you wear it today." Katniss knew then that it must have belonged to his girl, the one he lost after not bending to Snow's will after being crowned victor. She didn't know what to make of the gesture but she was honored. "And my pin? What is it then?" Katniss asked, not quite sure if she understood Cinna's intentions, if it was neither old, new, borrowed, nor blue. "It's your talisman Katniss. It is something entirely your own. You wear it to remind yourself why you're doing all of this and who you're doing it for." With that Cinna placed her mockingjay pin on this inside of her dress, fastened to her slip and resting just above her heart. It would be their secret. With the pin in place Cinna stood back and smiled approvingly at Katniss, his dark eyes and gold eyeliner taking her in one last time. "I'm still betting on you, Girl on Fire. You're the most beautiful bride Panem has ever seen." Katniss grimaced. "Thanks to you." Tilting her chin up, Cinna made Katniss look in his eyes before telling her, "Your beauty is all your own Katniss. You're radiant and you've always been radiant, long before I got my hands on you. You were a diamond among the rough in the coal district." "Thank you. That was lovely," she said shyly. "I know. Peeta certainly has a way with words." "What?" Katniss asked, confused. "I went to see Peeta while your prep team finished with you. I told him he was marrying the most beautiful girl in Panem and he told me to tell him something he didn't already know." As he put the finishing touches on Katniss' look, he remembered his encounter with the young man just moments before. Cinna walked into the room just as Portia finished adjusting Peeta's opalescent silk tie. He admired his partner's work; she had translated the look of Katniss' dress into a masculine elegance that suited Peeta. Standing at the altar they would complement each other perfectly. " A handsomer groom I have never seen." Cinna told Peeta as he helped him adjust his coat. " Then you haven't seen many grooms have you?" Peeta said jokingly. Cinna admired the boy's efforts to always put those around him at ease. It would serve him well with Katniss. " I just came to see how you were doing." " I'm fine. I'm getting everything I've always dreamed of and all I never wanted in one day." "You're a very wise young man, you know that Peeta?" "If I were so wise, I would know how to get Katniss out of this mess." " How can you be so certain that's what's best for her? What if exactly what she needs is to be thrown into this 'mess' as you call it?" " Cinna, you know she doesn't want to marry me." " No, I don't. All Katniss knows is that she doesn't want to be married." " Isn't that the same thing?" Peeta asked his confusion and frustration mounting. " It's really not Peeta. Her objection isn't to you. It's to the process, to the event, to the Capitol's interference in your lives. I'm not entirely convinced that given the chance, this wouldn't have happened on its own—eventually." " You really think that?" Peeta asked, unable to mask the hope from brightening his blue eyes. " I think that you and Katniss are bound in a way few of us can understand." With that Peeta nodded, and he resumed checking the groom over once more. He felt the young man's nerves return as the silence mounted and decided to give him a distraction. " Your bride looks beautiful, you know." Cinna smiled as he heard Peeta murmur the words "my bride" in a wondrous tone before catching his eyes in the mirror. " Of course she does. She's always beautiful. She's always been beautiful. Even at 11 years old when she was nothing but nothing but skin and bone and a long braid she was still beautiful." Peeta paused and got a faraway look in his eyes. "Have you ever been to District 12, Cinna?" "No, not personally." "Well, over time no matter what you do or how hard you try everything just becomes a shade of grey from the coal. Even the people, miners sooner than others, but it catches up to everyone eventually. But Katniss was always different, always radiant. She'll never fade to grey. You of all people know this." " I do Peeta. But you knew first, didn't you?" And with that he left the younger