Title: Neapolitan Summary: He was the beautiful blond-haired stranger from the bar, and she was the pretty brunette barmaid who couldn't resist him. Together, they burned. Apart, they were cold. As cold as the ice cream trickling over the fingers of a little boy with strawberry hair. There are a million different flavors of ice cream out there worth trying, or maybe just one; Neapolitan. Pairing: Carlisle x Bella Rating: M Word count: 11,881 Disclaimer: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. August 27 th 2011 "Excuse me! Excuse me, Sir! You've left your…huh. All right then." Bella picked up the wallet, looking up just in time to see the back of its owner as he left the bar. It had been a busy night, so she hadn't even gotten a good look at his face. If he came back looking, it was pretty likely she wouldn't recognize him at all. "Hey Bells, what'cha got there?" "Wallet. Some guy left it behind. I'll put it in the lost and found before I lock up." Jake grinned from behind the bar, his eyes half-lidded. He looked exhausted. Bella remembered the days of being up all night, changing diapers with your eyes closed and realizing the next morning you'd put the dirty diaper in your washing hamper instead of the trash, and putting your clothes on backwards for important job interviews. Or maybe that's just me, who knows . "Jake, go home, man. You look beat. Get some sleep and cuddle your wife, or something." "Nah, it's okay, Bells. I can't leave you to do all this." Jake gestured round at the glasses littering, well…every surface, pretty much. There was a sizeable spill on the dance floor that'd need mopping, and some drunkard had knocked over an olive jar, the smell of the brine they'd been floating in still clinging to the air. It would take Bella hours to get everything cleaned up by himself, but to be fair, Jake didn't look like he'd be a whole lot of help. He was dead on his feet. Bringing the forgotten wallet with her, Bella made her way back round the bar, taking the glass and towel from Jake's hand – he'd been drying the same glass for almost ten minutes, by then – and set them down on the bar, ushering him towards the stairs to the apartment above. " Go home , Jacob Black. Rebecca would love to see you, and you need the sleep." He gave her a sleepy smile, black eyes bloodshot. "Thanks, Bells. You're the best." "Mmhm, and you're slurring. Get lost, JB." "I'll give you that promotion soon, Bells. Night." "Yeah, yeah." Bella loved her job at Jake's bar, but it wasn't exactly helping her pay off any of her crippling student loans. Everyone encouraged kids to go to college, but it seemed nobody wanted to help pay off the debts it engendered. At eighteen, Bella had planned to own her own business one day. At twenty-four, she was nowhere near, working five nights a week at JBs, the other two at a grill down the street. Jake promised her a promotion every six months or so, but since his son JB Junior had been born nine months ago and staged a war against his parents sleeping, he'd been a walking zombie and Bella had taken up the slack for him. Which was great…until it meant she was up 'til two a.m. serving, with at least two more hours of cleaning to do. And she had a brunch tomorrow. Bella's Mom would kill her if she cancelled again. Maybe I could get Edward to tell her … It was an idea to ponder, while she battled with the broken mop handle and attempted to cleanse JBs of the suspicious spillage on the dance floor seeping ever-closer to the speakers. In her three years working there, Bella had managed to talk Jake into various purchases for JBs. Her favorite? The jukebox in the corner. Flicking the switch at the back, she picked a few songs to get started with, heading off in search of the cleaning supplies. Laden with a mop, bucket, and a boatload of self-professed singing talent, Bella got to work with the floor, vowing to never allow Jake to accept two hen parties in the same night again. It was feather-boa-sporting, glitter-shedding, drink-throwing Hell . So lost in her duet with Johnny Cash was she, that Bella didn't notice the click of the doors opening forty minutes later, or the soft clearing of a throat until it was repeated. "Holyshitonacracker!" She gasped, spinning round. So, something about Bella you should know…she was clumsy. Almost morbidly so. With that in mind, it was no surprise to Bella when her food caught a wet patch and her flailing legs sent her crashing to the floor, taking the mop bucket with her. " Ow ," Bella groaned, grimacing at the feel of dirty cocktail-floor water seeping into her t-shirt and jeans. "I am so sorry! I was trying not to make you jump. Obviously failed there, Cullen. Well done. " Despite her predicament, Bella couldn't help but snort in amusement at the guy mumbling to himself. She peered up at him, now crouching over her prone form, and tried – failing miserably – to hide the crimson flush spreading over her entire face. He was beautiful. Like, not in the womanly way. But he had the most artfully designed face she'd ever seen. A strong, angular jaw, covered with a healthy growth of dark blond scruff and a pair of oh-so-kissable lips – currently pursed in a wince. His nose was annoyingly straight, settled between a pair of piercing gray-blue eyes, and a thick set of brows groomed to perfection. Dammit, why do guys always have better brows than me? Bella wondered idly, torn between wanting to smack this guy, and wanting to kiss him stupid. "Miss? Are you okay? Did you hit your head?" And he's got a gorgeous voice, to boot. Fuck a duck. "I'm good!" She chimed, faux-cheerfully. "Sorry, let me just—" In hindsight, attempting to push herself up on the wet wood was a dumb idea. Brain scrambled by the stranger's closeness, it didn't alert her to this notion until she was already careening back towards the floor; this time, taking said stranger with her. They landed amidst the puddle of mop water in a tangle of limbs, emitting a series of grunted curses. "Oh, Jesus, Mary, and Joseph," Bella whined. "I'm so, so sorry. God, I knew I should've just left it 'til tomorrow. It's not like I need my wallet tonight, anyway." A lightbulb went on. "Ah, so you're the guy in the booth. Your wallet's behind the bar." The guy grinned up, looking all kinds of messy beneath her. He'd turned their bodies as they crashed down, so she was sort of sprawled half over his body, half in the filthy water. With just her sodden navy JBs t-shirt and his dark green knit sweater between them, she could feel the ridges of his chest muscles under her, and the way his heart raced beneath her palm. His hair was a dark honey blond, and though it looked relatively neat, it was half a riotous mess, flat on one side, sticking up on the other. "All right, seeing as I'm on top of you already, introductions. Bella Swan, Finder Of Wallet." He chuckled, the sound making Bella's stomach twist pleasantly. "Carlisle Cullen, Loser Of Wallet. And apparently, Menace To Pretty Bartenders. Did you hurt yourself?" "No, I'm fine." Way better than fine, you beautiful human being. "All right, lemme up." With Carlisle carefully anchoring her, she managed to stand. Once he was standing, too, having managed to get up far more gracefully than Bella had, they smiled at one another. "So, wallet. Let me grab it for you." Bella darted around the bar before she could throw herself on the floor again, pulling the wallet from the lost and found box with a flourish. "Ta dah!" Carlisle smiled, the grin bookended by a pair of dimples. "Thank you, Bella. I didn't realize I'd left it behind until I was almost home. I thought you'd have shut up shop by now." Bella shook her head, handing over the wallet after flicking it open to match his face to the image on the driver's license inside. "I actually forgot to lock the doors. Jake would kill me." As she made her way along the bar, collecting glasses to be cleaned, she caught the rise of Carlisle's brow. "Jake…your boyfriend? I wouldn't be so lucky to find a woman as pretty as you, and have her be single." Hm…is the handsome stranger flirting? Me thinks so. "Jake…the owner," she laughed, gesturing at the JB above the bar. "I always forget to lock the doors, and he's always telling me that one day some weirdo will wander in off the street." Bella cocked her head, smirking teasingly. "Are you a weirdo?" Carlisle held his hands up in surrender. "Not as far as I know. I mean, I occasionally dip my fries in my milkshake at McDonalds, but that's the right thing to do, according to my niece and nephews." The image of Carlisle, fancy pants Carlisle in his sweater and dress pants in a downtown bar, eating McDonalds fries dipped in milkshake had Bella giggling. He looked the sort to be dining in posh restaurants, not a cheap – but delicious – fast food chain. "So, er, you want some help? I mean, I'm a little weird, but I can clean." Bella laughed aloud. "You're gonna clean…in that?" She pointed to his clothes, which probably cost more than her entire wardrobe at home, belatedly noticing that they were sorta ruined already. Filthy mop water will do that to cashmere sweaters, she guessed. "I'm already dirty now, may as well help. Besides, it was my fault the water was spilled. If I hadn't made you jump, you probably wouldn't have knocked it over." Taking a moment to consider how her cop father would feel about her casually allowing a complete stranger in, albeit an exceedingly handsome one whose face she maybe sorta wanted to sit on, Bella finally nodded. Charlie would berate her endlessly, but he didn't need to know. "Sure. Uh, I'll get you a fresh shirt or something. I'm sure we've got some in the back." As Bella darted towards Jake's office, she felt the distinct warmth of eyes on her back. Turning slightly, she smirked at the sight of Carlisle's gaze firmly planted on her butt. These were her favorite jeans for the pure fact that they made her ass look amazing; she was glad he'd noticed. Adding a little sway to the final few steps before she reached the office, Bella did an internal fist-pump at the quiet, but audible, groan behind her. "I'm sure we've got some, somewhere…aha!" When Jake ordered the latest batch of JBs tees, he'd been sleep-deprived and had way overordered. Bearing in mind there were only three members of staff, they definitely didn't need thirty t-shirts. Luckily, Jake was around the same size as Carlisle, so she quickly yanked her drenched top over her head, released her bun so her brown curls hung over her shoulders, and tugged on a new t-shirt before snagging one for Carlisle, re-joining him back out by the bar. She paused to admire the sight. He'd removed his sweater, and was using the splash of water left in the mop bucket to clean up as much as possible in just a pale gray beater. With every movement, his muscles tensed and released. Bella wiped her mouth to make sure no drool escaped at the sight of his defined biceps and shoulders, a telltale tightening in her