Title: Isabella, mi primer amor Summary: Carlisle remembers Isabella Alfonso, his first love, when Edward asks him for advice concerning his impending nuptials and Bella's ultimatum. Word count : 4953 My son has a mate. The first I had dared to create, the first I loved in this new, long life of mine enough to make him as I, and now, as many other fathers, no doubt, I must answer him honestly as he asks me for advice. I was startled, at first, but when he had explained Bella's ultimatum, I had laughed, making him more uncomfortable perhaps than he already was, his fingers skittering across his jeans, the sound as loud to me as fingers drumming on a desktop would have once been. I smiled at him, and he no doubt picked the apologies I was going to make out of my thoughts, and relaxed, sliding down the chair he had perched on the back of when asking his question, making the well worn leather skreek, until his feet sat level on my study floor. "I will try to advise you, Edward, but you know I haven't had relations with anyone but Esme," here, he leapt to his feet and stalked to the door and back, his eyes nearly glowing with repressed fury and hot embarrassment," for two centuries," I continued, not bothering to acknowledge his discomfort. What Esme and I did in the sanctum of our rooms after the sun set was ours, and Edward's gift was more often a curse to him for that reason alone. Being the only one of us who did not have a partner, surrounded by six who did, was another as well. I had become used to not thinking of Esme and any surface even remotely horizontal around the others of our family, for her sake, as well as Edward's, and because of my own sense of privacy. It had made life, such as we lived, a little easier, and I respected Alice, Jasper, and Emmett and Rosalie's claim to their private after sunset time as well. Granted, we all could hear, but that wasn't ever a topic for conversation, either. We could live and love under the same roof so long as we did not meddle or mock our loves. The territorial side of our nature comes hard to the forefront of us when that ensues, even in jest, and Edward and I had split up more than one fight that started as a gentle enough teasing comment. Edward groaned, and I looked up, his face twisted in a grimace. "What's wrong" "A fight sounds perfect, Carlisle. And your thoughts of Esme really are louder than mine." I laughed again. "I will spar with you later, if it would make you feel better, once you've gotten the advice you've wanted from me. And I am not going to cut thoughts short to save your chivalrous tendencies, Edward, proud of you though I am of you for having them. You wanted advice, and what my mind will be more succinct than my mouth, I'm afraid." He dropped to the chair again, and the springs creaked this time, making him grind his teeth. "I thank you, Carlisle, for doing this. I know it's as awkward for you as it is for me to have this conversation, and the last time I meant to do was to cause you this.," he waved his hand between us, " this near farce of ourselves. It's like a bad puppet show." Yes, it is, a bit, I thought cheerily at him. A little less offensive than what ran for puppet shows in London, and definitely more humorous. He laughed, reluctantly. "I have to be honest, I would have been cheering when your face went blank as I asked you." This time we laughed in tandem, and it was with an easier mind that I returned to pondering his question. I had had lovers before Esme, but few, and the experience I had with them were not of use to me, as a vampire. Edward needed my human experience, and I wasn't quite sure how to tell him of her. "You haven't ever thought of her before, Carlisle. Not when I could listen. Was she English as well?" "No. She was Spanish, and beautiful. She was the daughter of a sea-merchant, who was on the good side of luck during a terrible storm. He had been blown up the coast, and had taken water on at Dover three days later. Upon hearing where he was, he inventoried cargo, sold his wool and wood, and sailed for Cadiz. Once there, he had picked up a cargo of olives, wine, and silk, and headed to London as fast as wind and weather allowed him." "Upon reaching London, he had sold his goods and made thrice his gold. He left for Cadiz again, but sent a letter to his family in Barcelona so they could send his son to meet him when he returned, to take back enough to buy another ship and start making sail with him. " "On his successful return of the second voyage, though, his son wasn't there to meet him. His daughters stood the deck of his ship, and told him of the plague. It had taken his wife, his infant son, and his namesake. They were the only two to survive. So they had answered his summons, and at loss for what else to do, he bought two ships, and they sailed the next week for London" "The girls dressed as sailors during that week, and had learned enough of sailing and signals to captain the new ships. So the third voyage made them beyond the wealth of nearly every merchant shipping from London, and he had decided to make his retirement from it, and have his delegates run his lines. So he bought lands, in Spain, and a house in London. They had lived in the London house for two years, and the elder daughter married during those years." "As her dowry cost him the ship he'd made his fortune with, he, and the younger made another sojourn to the Mediterranean, this time to Ostia, with the fleet that had been built while they had lived in London. They were successful, and they came back to London rich as princes." "My father met with Rodrigo Alfonso then, and had so impressed him, that I was betrothed to his remaining daughter less than a month later. This displeased the both of us, at least until we were formally introduced in her father's London house." "Isabella Alfonso was striking, but not beautiful, in the classical sense. She was a rare woman for her day, and she knew it. So she never allowed herself to live less than what she believed was life." "We danced that night through, and our parents set up the engagement party for the next week, and my father put up the banns in his church that Sunday. The next week, after engagement announcement had been made, the toasts drunk to good health, long life, and good fortune, Isabella had taken me to through the gardens of her house. Her voice made music of any language, but to hear her sing in Welsh would have made even you weep, Edward." He had listened through my memories, and his eyes were soft now, his hand playing the notes on his lap as though they were playing on his piano downstairs. "Yes, Carlisle. Even I." "Well, she took me through the gardens, and out through the alley behind the house, and when I'd asked, she had told me we were going to the docks. I had protested, saying it was dark, the streets would be crawling with thieves, and we'd be missed if we continued! Isabella told me to shut up until something other than bilge water leaked out of my mouth, and swept down the streets separating their house from the docks." "The Alfonso Line had grown enough to buy a pier, and she walked along it, paying no mind to the scuttling figures just out of sight in the shadows around us, and walked up the gangplank of a ship currently getting loaded at the very end, calling her name and mine to the guards at the rail." "She called for the cabin boy and ordered him to make us something to sup on, and to bring it to her quarters. He had gone with speed toward the direction that I could smell stew from, and Isabella towed me up the deck to the poop, and had me stand and listen to the ship as it lay at rest. "' When she's at rest, she sounds restless. Impatient for wind and sails to soothe her. Then she hums and sings with the water, a song of freedom." She had turned then, catching the capstan with her left hand and wiping at her face with her right. "' I'll wed ye, Carlisle Cullen, and God forgive me, I'll probably hate ye for it. I must leave the sea, for tis rare enough for a woman to sail, but a wife? Never. But the sound of a singing ship will haunt my dreams as I lie abed wi ye and listen for our children's cries at night. But I will do as duty commands me,and I will not forget the sea."' " "I reached to touch her hand, still clasping to the capstan. I said, " I have heard of the the ship's song, Isabella, but never heard it true. I cannot give you the sea, but I can give you permission to sing, and to speak of it to me, whenever and however you wish. I will never be able to leave my father's church to take to the sea with you, and the sound of your voice telling me of freedom will sustain it for us both." The cabin boy slammed the door to the captains cabin below us, and Isabella turned her fingers over under mine, intertwining them before she pulled me back down to the deck and through to the captain's cabin. She closed the door behind us, and set me down at the table spread before us." My voice trailed off, without my noticing. Her eyes had been brown, lit by the beeswax candles set on holders in the table, and her hand hadn't left mine to sit. She had fed me, and I, realizing that this was some ceremony to her had fed her the sliced meat and bread laid out. She had smiled when she had risen, and had poured a single glass of wine, the smell of it spreading through the cabin, sweet with the fruit of summers past. She made me drink, and I in turn, poured her the glass full, and had her drink it. This time, her smile had lit her like a brand, and she had replaced the cork in the bottle with a pop, making me jump, just a bit. "Shhh," she had hushed me, settling me, left hand squeezing mine." I will give you the freedom of the sea, Carlisle. Even if you cannot sail away wi me now, and be damned to the consequences. Stand still. Do not move, or I shall stop." She had lifted her free right hand to my collar, undoing the stiff fabric and gently pressing the buttons through the waistcoat I wore, having left my coat on the chair as we ate. She was strong, for a woman, strong enough that when I pulled my hand back, she had yanked me forward, my body landing facedown in the empty platters. Shocked, I rolled, and she pulled me back, her fingers biting into mine. "I said, don't move. Do you not speak English, Carlisle? Has the Latin of your father's calling a better hold on your mind?" She stepped upon the seat, and up to the table, her skirts belling out as she straddled me. "No!