Title: Heartbeat Summary: My heart recognized you the moment I laid eyes on you. Scars and all, it reached out to you, and just knew you were for me to care and love…forever. Pairing: Carlisle/Edward Rating: M Word count: 7,826 The gentle summer breeze rustled the top of the trees, bringing the soft swishing of the branches. I kicked my feet up, the swing creaking as I tried to gain more height, only to slow down once again. I could still hear my mom arguing with her boyfriend inside the house. I heaved a long sigh, clamping down the urge to march in there. I knew I wouldn't be able to take the douchebag, but God, I wanted to try so badly. I shook my head and quickly fetched my iPod from my bag—the headphones were a little worn but they canceled out the noise pretty well. I hit play, and soon, I was lost in the music, the classical pieces transporting me to that special and peaceful place inside my head. I missed my piano-the sounds of the keys and the vibration of the strings. I missed the old smell of oak and oil, the creak of the seat and the squeak of the pedals. I cried so hard when mom sold it last summer after she lost her job…again. I screamed at her for hours that day, the pain and hurt of knowing the last thing I had of my dad was forever gone. To this day, I hated her for it. The only reason she lost that job was because she slept with the boss. Her very married boss. God, I missed my dad. Three tours to Afghanistan and he gets killed by a stupid drunk driver. Since then, our lives had gone to shit. Mom kept trying to substitute dad with shitty boyfriends, while I got to say goodbye to all my friends since elementary school to move to a town in the middle of bum-fuck nowhere. I took a deep breath, trying to calm down. My doctor clearly stated I should take it easy and avoid stress at all costs. I scoffed, if only he knew. I rubbed the scar on my chest, trying to chase away the phantom pain. I knew my heart was fine. The last check-up had confirmed that—it had been two years since my last surgery—so really, there was nothing there to cause me pain. I closed my eyes. With my feet, I spun around-and-around on the swing until the ropes couldn't take it anymore, and then let go, spinning the other way fast, faster, and faster—the free-falling sensation soothing me more than any breathing exercise could. It was something my dad and I used to do when I was little. Me on his lap while he tried to spin us as fast as he could. When I stopped, I sat for a minute there, waiting for my heart rate to go back to normal—or as normal as it could get. The honk of a truck startled me. A moving truck had parked in front of the Copes' house. The new neighbors had arrived. I'd always loved that house. It was warm and always smelled like Mrs. Cope's famous cherry pie. I especially loved the treehouse in the back. Mr. Cope had built it for his children a long time ago. When my family moved here, their children were long gone to college, and the Copes had let me play in there. Mr. Cope had been a nice man. He taught me how to fish, and used to tell me stories of all the places he'd traveled. I mourned his death alongside Mrs. Cope and their children. Mrs. Cope sold the house a few weeks ago and was now on her way to live with her eldest daughter. A young couple climbed out of the truck. The guy looked like a linebacker and, if I didn't know she was dead, I would've sworn the woman was Marilyn Monroe. Then a black, sleek sedan parked next to them and a man climbed out. He wasn't as tall as the linebacker but his hair was as blond as the woman's. I couldn't see his face clearly. He was wearing a baseball cap low, and it obscured half his face. "What are you looking at?" I squeaked in surprise and jumped from the swing. Alice giggled. I huffed. "Does your mom know you're out here?" Ali bit her bottom lip and shook her head. I gave her the stink-eye as I sent Mrs. Brandon a text. My phone rang not a minute later. "Thank you for letting me know, Edward," Mrs. Brandon said in greeting. "I swear that child is part cat with how stealthy she is." I chuckled. "Don't I know it. She almost gave me a heart attack." Ali blew a raspberry at me, and I stuck out my tongue. "Oh, I really hope not. Are you alright?" I held back the sigh. "I'm fine, Mrs. Brandon. It was just a joke." "Oh. Well, if that's the case, I was wondering…" "Want me to keep her entertained?" "If you don't mind, honey. Just for an hour, please? I'm trying to finish the cupcakes for the bake sale, and Bella is working at the library until dinner time. I'll pay you for the trouble!" The noise had stopped from inside the house, so I knew the coast was clear. "No problem, Mrs. Brandon. Really, you know I don't mind." "You're a sweet kid. Let me know if you need anything, okay?" "Will do." I ended the call and put the phone back in my pocket. "C'mere," I beckoned Ali as I sat back on the swing. I picked her up, and sat her on my lap. I pushed us back and forth a bit, both of us now watching the men carry furniture inside the house. "Told you we'd have new neighbors by the end of the week." I shook my head, laughing at this little girl's intuition. Ever since she could talk, Alice's predictions had always been spot on. Her gift had only gotten better with age. Now almost twelve, Alice was scarely accurate. Her sister and my best firend, Bella, was the frist one to start following her advice, and I soon followed after my brithday last year, when she predicted snow for that day...in the middle of June. "Do you think the new family will let us play in the treehouse?" Alice asked, her head on my shoulder. Three houses in this neighborhood were built close to each other. We would pretty much share the forest as a backyard if it wasn't for the wooden fencing lining each property. I shrugged. "Don't know, Ali, but you could always ask permission." "No need. They'll let us play." "Sure about that?" "I can feel it." I chuckled. "If you say so." An hour later, I heard Mom's douchebag's car pulling out of the drive. To give Mom a few more minutes, I picked up a very sleepy Alice from the little nest we had made with the patio furniture. Good thing she was small for her age, otherwise I would've had to call Mrs. Brandon to pick her up. Alice mumbled something about blue eyes as I carried her to her house. Her mom spotted me across the lawn, and took her from my arms, thanking me for watching her. I didn't mind, Alice was easy to take care of, and the extra money Mrs. Brandon gave me was always welcomed. She sent me home with two brightly decorated cupcakes and some cash. Mom's eyes were still red when I got back, and I could see a new mark on her arm. I clenched my teeth, swallowing back all the things I wanted to say, and simply hugged her tightly. After I put the cupcakes in the fridge and washed my hands, Mom and I cooked dinner in a tense silence. Just when I was about to set the table, Mom stopped me with the same excuse she always used. "He didn't mean it. He was just…" She cleared her throat. "He didn't mean it." "I know," I said, without looking at her. On the inside, I was counting the days until I could leave this place behind. "You unfaithful bitch!" "He just offered me a ride because the truck broke down! Again!" I groaned and rubbed my forehead. I sat up on my bed and checked the clock. Two in the freaking morning. I cursed and hit the mattress, knowing I would probably fall asleep during my math test tomorrow. My phone pinged with a new message. Bella: I can hear the yelling, you okay? Instead of texting back, I hit dial. "Hey, Ed. Did I wake you up?" "Nah. They did." "You can come over. I can sleep with Alice, and you can take my room. You know Mom wouldn't mind." I mulled it over for a few seconds, not sure if it was a good idea. "I don't want to cause trouble, Bella." "You wouldn't." I sighed. "I'm sure they'll get tired eventually." The yelling from downstairs grew louder, and I heard pots and pans crashing. "You were saying…? I can hear them all the way from my room, Edward." "I'll just wait it out in the treehouse, then." I knew the neighbors were probably sleeping, but I'd make sure to set the alarm on my phone in case I fell asleep. The Hale-Cullen family turned out to be really cool. The linebacker's name was Emmett and he had just opened an auto repair shop. The Marilyn Monroe lookalike was the new Auto Shop teacher, much to the shock and delight of every single teenage boy at school—well, almost every single teenage boy—and she was pretty nice. She never looked down on me for making music boxes while the rest of the class rebuilt motors. She actually encouraged me to make more. And, like Ali had predicted, they let us use the treehouse whenever we wanted. Although, I doubted they would approve of me using it at this time of night. Didn't matter. I needed to get out of this house. The new boyfriend got off on riling up my mom, and he could go for hours and hours. I shuddered just thinking of the things I'd heard in the last month. I also didn't want to catch anyone's attention; not when I had just a few more months to go until I was out of this place. "Are you sure?" asked Bella. "Offer stands. You know we don't mind." "Yeah, I'll be fine." "Take the quilt with you. It's still cold out." "Will do. Now get back to bed." "I'll text you when the coast is clear." "Nah, just go back to sleep. One of us should be coherent for tomorrow's test." "Ugh, are you sure about this?" "I'll be fine , Bella." "Sure, sure. Call me if something happens, no matter what time it is." "I promise." "Good. Get some rest, Ed." "Night, B." I stretched, put on my coat, grabbed my quilt and a pillow, and climbed out the window. The porch roof tilted down, and I easily slid on it, then jumped the last three feet to the ground. Having that grow spurt during the summer really helped me get out of the house undetected. I jogged across the lawn, found the two loose wood panels on the neighbor's fence, crawled in, and dashed to the tree house, checking for any signs inside the house that I'd been heard. So far, so good. As soon as I reached the treehouse floor I let out a gasp. The interior had gone through a makeover since the last time I was here. Two bean bags had been placed against the wall with a small bookcase in between. There was also a soft cream rug that almost covered the entire floor, and an oil lamp set on top