HI! This is a new story that I have been working on for ages. I hope you like it. I have had the idea for this story in my head for a while and I wasn't sure wether I should have posted it but I plucked up the courage and posted it anyway. Please review to let me know what you think about my new story. Chapter 1 - Haunted. The past year of my life has been a rollercoaster of a year. I dont think a day has passed where my mind hasnt been all over the place. Rye Mellark, my boyfriend, has been helping alot but there is only so much a person can help with when the problem is in your head. The main reason for my mind being the way it is, is Gale, my best friend. Six months ago he was in The Hunger Games, a televised fight to the death. It was a very emotional month for me as I watched him have his interview and then watched the blooming romance that happened between Gale and his fellow tribute Delly Cartwright. It was surprising at first and after a day or two I realised that it was an act because Gale was never really good at acting but what I didnt realise until the end of the games was that Delly was actually in love with Gale. I watched the blood bath as he ended up being stupid and running towards the cornucorpia to get a weapon and almost being killed in the process. Then as he went through the games, hiding in trees, not killing anyone until a few days before the end when he found the District 1 Male, Marvel, killing the little girl, Rue from 11. He shot Marvel straight through the neck and sat with Rue whilst she died. The last few days where even harder to watch, as Gale got a very serious injury across his chest, which caused him to get blood poisoning and almost died from it. I remember sitting there for the whole of one day,watching him gasping for breathe as the wound got more and more infected. Until he was found by Delly, who brought him back to life, almost getting herself killed in the process by the girl from 2, who was soon after killed by the male from 11. She had saved Gale and the morning that he was finally able to walk again, it was the last day, even though they didnt know that. They where only hunting when they came out of nowhere. The mutts that chased them all the way to the cornucorpia. Gale and Delly had sat on top of the cornucopia waiting for it all to end and thats when Cato from 1 showed up and was killed by Delly which everyone was really surprised by. Cato's last movement though was to knock Gale off the side of the cornucopia. Delly reached out for him, just before he went over the side and held on as tightly as she could. "Gale! Hold on, I'll find a way to get you up!" Delly screams at him. "Del, I'm not going to survive." He replies, letting out a howl of pain as one of the Mutts catches his leg, tearing apart the skin, blood dripping onto the floor from above. "Yes, you will. We can find a way around this, You cant die!" There are tears coming from her eyes now as she begins to realise that its useless. Only one of them can survive and they know it. "Just let me go! Go home, live a long life." He says to her, as his hands starts to slip. "No! I need you!" Delly shouts to him. "I'm sorry!" He says and breaks free from her grasp, falling to the ground. Delly lets out a scream. "No! I love you!" She shouts. The square has fallen silent now. Deathly silent. You cant even hear one breathe. I can see the Mellarks at the front of the crowd, watching the screen intently. I didnt want to stand with them today, normally I do but today, I just wanted to stand by myself. A cannon sounds and I look back up to the screen to see Delly pass out on top of the cornucorpia, after the cannon booms, signalling Gales death. I dont even attempt to stop the tears that come from my eyes and the scream that comes out of my mouth as I fall to the ground. Next thing I know I'm being engulfed by a pair of arms, hugging me. I also feel breath on my neck as whoever it is kisses me on the shoulder. "Lev, we need to get her to the Bakery." Rye says from my side. I can hear the sobs coming from his throat as he tries to keep his tears under control. "No..." I croak out. "Katniss. You cant stay here." Leaven says. I feel myself nod and Rye and Leaven pull me up to my feet. I glance once more at the large screen to see the Camera now on the district 12 team in the Capitol. Uncle Haymitch is sitting there with his mouth hanging open and a tear coming from his eye. He promised me that he would save Gale and I know that he feels bad about it. Effie is out of sorts. Crying and sobbing. I really dont understand how she has been able to be an escort all these years when she gets really upset everytime someone dies. Peeta however is sitting there with his head in his hands and you can hear the sounds of him crying from here. I didnt realise that he liked Gale, never mind this much. The sight of him makes me cry even more as Effie wraps her arms around him and Uncle Haymitch pat him on the back. Uncle Haymitch will be used to loosing people by now, normally both of the districts tributes but this is the first time Peeta has ever lost one of his tributes and it wasnt just someone that he doesnt know, it was Gale. I really do feel sorry for him. Well I'm sure I will tomorrow but right now all I can think about is my dead best friend. Rye and Leaven drag my to the Bakery where I fall asleep, crying to the sound of the announcement that Delly has won the 74th Hunger Games. That is the last thing I remember from that day, apparently I was asleep for hours but they thought that it would be better to leave me where I was after everything that had happened. It wasnt long until we all found out the truth. Gale was alive and well. During the interview for Delly's victory, Caesar said that he had a surprise for her and when she turned around, Gale was standing there, with a small smile on his face. She automatically jumped up and started kissing him whilst my family and the Mellarks sat there in silence as we could believe our eyes. We didnt question it though because we know that if we questioned it then it will only turn out bad and we would learn something that we didnt want to know. So its like we have just been sitting in silence since that day. We all knew that this is going to end badly. They wouldnt bring Gale back for no reason. He shouldnt even be alive. There is only ever meant to be one victor of the games each year but this year there was 2 and no-one even understand why but we can all tell that its bad. With all the random hushed conversations that Peeta has with Uncle Haymitch and occasionally Gale or Delly, we can tell that there is something going on but when Rye asked Peeta about it, Peeta just told him that he cant know or his life could be in danger but he will find out in time. Same with me I suppose but the difference is that I trust them both and I trust any judgment that they have to make. If I cant know then I cant know, its that simple. Sometimes, I like to think that my life is the same as everyones else's in this god forsaken district. Living day after day, in the poorest part of District 12, The Seam and going to school like a every other citizen. Dragging myself through each day with absolutely no Hope that tomorrow will be any better. My father used to always say that you should hold onto Hope no matter what happens but its kind of hard to do that when you live this life. Living in fear every year that you or someone you care about will be picked for the Hunger Games at the reaping that they hold every year. But my life is nothing like theirs. "Katniss?" I look up to see my little sister, Primrose, standing at the door to the bedroom. "Are you alright?" Ive been sitting here for a while now, staring at a wall and thinking about everything, like I do sometimes. I wouldnt say that im unstable but sometimes I can blank people out. "Yeh, I'm fine." I reply to her. "You're crying?" She mentions. I wipe my hand across my right cheek to find it wet with tears. "I'm alright. I'm not sure why I was crying." I reply truthfully. Sometimes I'll find myself crying. It was probably because of Gale. "I understand but mum said you need to start getting ready, we are meating the Mellarks in the square in 2 hours." She says and leaves the room. Tonight is the victors party. Delly, Gale, Uncle Haymitch and Peeta have already arrived back in the district and Haymitch should be here soon as he leaves Delly with Peeta to get ready for tonights party. For the Party, there is a meal and its up to the Victor who gets to come and for some reason, Delly invited my family. Other than us, The Mellarks, The Cartwrights, The Undersee's, The Hawthornes, A couple of people from school that where Delly and Gale's friends and her prep team from the Capitol, Along with Effie Trinket and Uncle Haymitch are all going to the meal. After the meal is a party which everyone is invited to. I pull myself up from the bed where I'm sitting and pick up my dress off the chair in the corner. Its a nice forest Green dress that Uncle Haymitch bought me about a year ago. "Come on Katniss!" I hear my mother shout from downstairs. "Haymitch is here!" I smile slightly. If it wasnt obvious, Uncle Haymitch is one of the best people in my life. Ever since my father died, he has been really helpful whilst my mother was in her depression. I quickly get dressed and walk downstairs so that my mother can do my hair. Uncle Haymitch is there, dressed all nice and his black Seam hair slicked back. "Hi sweetheart." He says with a smile. "Hey, You clean up nice." I reply. He laughs at me, giving me a one armed hug and a kiss on the forehead. "So do you." He says into my hair. "How have you been?" "I'm good actually." I smile slightly. "Oh and I almost forgot. Delly mentioned that she wanted to talk to you when you get to the square." "Why?" I ask, a little confused. Why would Delly Cartwright want to talk to me? "I dont know, she didnt say. I just went to her house to see if she was ready and she said that she wanted to speak to you. So I told her I would tell you to go and find her when you got there." He replies. "Okay. I will." I sit down to let my mother do my hair and Uncle Haymitch