This is a story that I have had wrote for a while now. Well only the first two chapters anyway. But I want to upload to see what you all think? I like it but do you? I hope you like it... Here it is... 1. I let go of the string and the arrow flies through the sky, hitting its target in seconds. The girl from 6, the one that caused so many deaths, falls infront of me, taking her last breathe as I hear the cannon go off. I feel nothing but guilt as soon as I see her hit the floor but there is still a little bit of me down deep that is kind of happy that she finally died. Over the past 4 days since the beginning of the games, she has caused 10 deaths. Honestly, I never thought that a 17 year old girl from 6 could cause so much pain. "Lev?" I ask, looking around, suddenly worried about my district partner. "I'm here!" I hear his voice come from the inside of the Cornucorpia. I follow it to find him hunched over, holding onto the metal that makes the cornucorpia. "I'm fine, just getting my breathe back." He must have had one hell of a fight with the boy from 2. A cannon sounds, signalling the boys death and I relax slightly, but then realisation hits me. There is only us two left. One of us has to kill the other. "Do it." He asks, as if reading my mind. "No, I will not kill you." I say, backing away as he motions towards my bow. I toss it aside and he moves to pick it up. Tears form in my eyes. We have become such good friends over the past couple of weeks, as if I would be able to kill him. "I'M NOT GOING TO KILL HIM!" I shout up to the sky. I'm probably gonna pay for that. "NO WAY!" "Katniss..." Lev starts but I put my hand up to stop him. "YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO KILL US BOTH!" I'm looking up at the sky fully now, my vision clouded by tears. "Katniss, its okay." I hear Lev say from behind me and I turn around and am in his arms in seconds. My tears go all over his shoulders and I hold on tight. I dont normally hug people but I cant help it. His body jolts slightly and he lets out a small yelp of pain. "They only need one winner Katniss." Thats when he pulls away and I catch sight of the small dagger that he must have taken from the District 2 Male, sticking out of his abdomen. I dont even have time to react before his body slips through my arms, landing in a heap on the floor. I hear the cannon but unlike any other cannon, this one is further away. I jolt awake to the sound of knocking. "Katniss? You awake?" I hear from the door. Its Effie. Her voice is not what I want to hear when I have just woken up from a nightmare. "Yeh." I shout back. "I'll be out in a minute." I hear her heals click as she walks away down the hallways to the dining cart. My hand grazes over the sweat covered bed sheets beneath me. The tears are still falling from my eyes at the thought of my fallen friend and my head is pounding, probably from my own screams as my throat is also dry, telling me that I did do a lot of screaming. Its been 2 days since the games and I've had no rest since. Every waking moment was spent either in the prep room at the Tribute Centre or doing interviews with Caesar Flickerman. Every night, I would go to sleep, only to be woken up about half an hour later by a nightmare. Each one the same. Lev dying. I am the victor of the 73rd Hunger Games. Katniss Everdeen, the new Victor, the one that deifed the Capitol without meaning too. The girl on fire. Sweetheart. The girl in Love. During my interview, I mentioned something about a boy that once through me bread and everyone now knows that I have feelings for him. I dont know why I have feelings for him, I dont even know him, I just know that there is something there. "So, Katniss tell me... Pretty face like yours, there must be a lucky fellow back in 12?" Caesar asks me and I search my brain for something to say, something that wont make me sound desperate or stupid. I know that I'm not a good liar so anything I lied about would definitely come back to haunt me, so I just tell the truth. "Well, there is this one guy, but we only saw eachother once. I doubt he even has a clue who I am." I say, looking at Caesar, trying to forget that hundreds of people are watching me right now. "Well, how about we jog his memory?" My heart starts to race. "Okay, well I was outside your family Bakery, it was raining and it was about 3 years ago. You threw me a burnt loaf of bread... Ever since then, I havent been able to get you out of my head." Thats only partly true. Every time I see him walking around, I feel like there is something more there, like I love him but it cant be that because I would never love someone that I have never actually talked to. When I got back into the penthouse, where we were staying, Lev found me and sat me down to talk to me. Thats when he told me who the boy was. That the the boy I had feelings for was his youngest brother. And then he proceeded to tell me that it would never work between us but I still dont know why he said that. Maybe I can talk to his brother about it. Either of his brothers. "Katniss! Come on! Cinna needs you in an hour." Haymitch shouts from right outside the door and I sigh. He knocks again, or more like bangs before grumbling something and walking off, probably in the direction of the bar car. I finally swing my legs over the edge of the bed and pull myself up to my feet. Today is the day that I go home. I can't wait to get back to distrct 12 and see my family. I miss my baby girl like crazy. Willow, or Willow as I call her, is my 4 month old girl. She is by far the cutest thing I have ever seen in my life and I love her to pieces but everytime I see her, I think about her father. About a year ago I was attacked and raped, by Eric Stratser. I dont remember it because he knocked me out and by doing so, erased quite a lot of my memory from after I was 11. I remember some things but other are just blanks in my mind. I've spent the last year trying to get my memory back but I couldnt. When I found out I was pregnant with Willow, I didnt believe it because I knew that I never wanted children and I didnt remember ever having sex so when my mum found out, that is when she told me that I was also raped and at first, I didnt want the baby but at the time I was already 5 months gone and it was too late to do anything about it. When she was born, I didnt regret it at all. I didnt have enough money or anything like that so my mother suggested dropping her off at the orphange but I couldnt do that because people say its a horrible place. I had to go through a lot of hell in school too. Everyone called me names and nobody liked me, Madge was the only person that stuck by me and Gale too. He still helps out with the baby, he acts like a father to her which is good because I dont know what I would tell her when she was older, I dont think I would be able to tell her the truth about her father. She would hate me for keeping it a secret and it would definitely be hard to find the right time. Its really hard being a mother at 15, not as hard as winning a Hunger Games but still really hard. Its not like I dont have any Motherly experience, because of looking after Prim the past couple of years but when its your own child, its completely different. Mum has been a great help though, surprisingly. About a year and a half ago, she didnt even pay attention to me and now she listens to everything I say, she helps out a lot more and she has even talked about going to work at the Apothecary to support us all. We cant survive on my hunting forever and Prim is definitely not taking out tesserae. I guess now that I have won the Hunger Games, we wont even have money problems. "Hey Princess." Lev says from behind me, I jump, turning around. Tomorrow is the start of the games start and I definitely can not sleep. Lev insisted on calling me Princess after I got annoyed at Haymitch calling me 'sweetheart'. "Cant sleep?" He asks, standing next to me as I look out over the Capitol. I've been up here on the roof for about 2 hours now and I feel like my arms are going to fall off from the cold. "Of course not." I reply. "Worried about tomorrow." He nods in understanding and glances out over the Capitol. Below, they are having some sort of Celebration to congratuate the tributes even though we are all in here. "Me too. Maybe we should think about something else?" He asks and I nod, turning away from the Capitol and looking at him. He leads me over to a bench and offers me his coat, which I take because I'm freezing. "What about your family? Tell me about them." "Well, my sister is Prim and she is amazing. You'd love her. She's so kind and loving. I remember taking her out into the woods once to hunt and we came back early because she kept begging me not to kill anymore squirrels because she thought they where 'cute'." I laugh slightly at the memory. "My mother, well, Its only in the past couple of months that me and my mum have been close. Since my dad died anyway." "What about Willow?" He asks and I narrow my eye. How does he know about my daughter? "News travels fast." He adds, as if reading my mind. "Well, She is 4 months old now, its gone so fast and she is the love of my life. I cant believe that somebody so beautiful and amazing could come from such a discusting thing. I was-" I'm about to tell him the truth when he butts in. "Yeh, I know what happened to you and trust me all I wanted to do was go over there and break his face." I feel the tears threaten to come from my eyes, why would Leaven Mellark hate Eric because of what he did to me? Leaven didnt really know me then. "Carry on." "Yeh, anyway, Willow doesnt look anything like that asshole. She looks like me but beautiful. I dont know what I would do without her. She makes me know that whatever happens, I will have her there." I finish and I look up find him watching me. "I wish I had met her." He says and I smile, but then drop it as I know what he means. If he thought he was going to survive then he would