So here it is! The sequel to I wanna know what love is. I really hope you like it as much as the last story. I know I enjoyed writing it. 1. I wake and the other side of the bed is cold. It was expected. Prim would have climbed in with my mother considering its reaping day today. She would have had a nightmare, I cant say I was any different, my dreams where full of nightmares last night. One where Prim was picked and so was Peeta and I had to choose between them on which one I wanted to come home. That was definitely the worst one of all. Of course the dream didnt last long enough for me to find out who survived. The tatty old clock on the wall tells me that its 6:03am. I need to get up to get a good bit of hunting done before the reaping. As I pull myself over the other side of the bed, my eyes fall on the ball of limbs and hair that is my sister and my mother as they cradle eachother. I smile slightly at the sight but then my smiles fades when her ugly cat jumps up and worms his way into the middle. Then again, I might hate that cat and he might make my blood boil but he is good for one thing, he always cheers Prim up and when he dies she is going to be heartbroken. I pull my clothes on before leaving the room as quickly as I can as to not wake them. On the table is a small bit of goats cheese that Prim must have left for me. My eyes flicker towards the spot on the table where bread usually sits in the morning but he must not have been round this morning. Its okay though I'll catch him later. Outside the morning air is cold as usual, even though its summer right now, the morning of the reaping always manages to be cold. I know that Gale will be out in the woods today I'm just hoping that I dont bump into him. But part of me is hoping that we do and we can put our differences aside for just today of all days. It doesnt take long for me to slide under the fence and dissapear into the woods. My feet take me on the usual journey to mine and Gale's rock. If he is going to wait for me anywhere, he's going to wait there. But he isnt there, infact it doesnt look like anyone has been here, so I decide to wait for him. An hour later, he hasnt shown up so I decide to get on with it. Why would he not show up? He might still be angry with him but he still needs to hunt for his family. Thats something that neither of us are able to stop doing. I guess he went in a different direction. Either way I carry on, I might be able to catch him before the reaping. By the end of the moring, I have 4 squirrels, 2 rabbits, 3 grooslings and 2 fish from Gale's snares at the lake which I reset easily incase they catch something else. On my way back to the fence, I dont hear anything or find any clues of anyone else being in the woods this morning. Gale might not be one to leave tracks but he's also not one to leave turkeys around and there seems to be quite a lot around right now. So I shoot 2 on the way home. By now, my back is getting a little too heavy to carry but its worth it. I cant trade any of this today so I'll have to do it tomorrow and by then I'll have even more to trade. I get back home around half 11. I only have half an hour to get ready before I need to set off towards the town square to see Peeta before the reaping starts. I hope he's alright and he's not freaking out or anything. I've never seen him on the morning of a reaping so I have no idea what he is like. He's probably just scared like the rest of us. At home, Prim is sitting on the small sofa watching mum kill the fire thats probably been burning all morning. "I've laid something out for you Katniss." Mum says and I smile at her. "Its on your bed." She walks away into the kitchen with my game bag which she took off me and I sit beside Prim. "You okay?" I ask her, even though I already know the answer. She smiles weakly at me and I pull her in for a hug. "Its gonna be alright Prim, your names only in there once, they're not gonna pick you. She nods, unconvinced. I deicde to leave her to it when Buttercup jumps up and I go to get ready. Considering that I only have half an hour, I forget about any attempts to have a bath and I just wash all the dirt from my finger nails and my face. The dress that my mother has laid out for me must be from her apothecary days, its old but still really nice, its a light blue colour. I had planned to wear Madge's dress that she gave me for the Mellarks dinner but I cant upset my mum today by wearing a dress that isnt the one she picked out. So I put on my mothers dress and allow her to braid my hair when we get downstairs, the girl staring back at me in the mirror does not look like me. Afterwards, I find myself sitting with Prim in my arms until my mother comes into the rooms holding her coat. "Shall we get going?" She asks. I look at the clock, its 12:13pm. Prim pulls herself to her feet and I take her hand as we follow mum out the door and into the seam. Almost everywhere, kids are putting their finishing touches to their posh clothes and their mothers are saying goodbye to them as most fathers would be down in the mines already. I have to look away at them all. Any one of the kids that I have known for years could be gone forever today. Nobody in District 12 ever survives the games, the last one was Haymitch and that was 25 years ago and everyone has pretty much given up hope that we will get a new victor anytime soon. If you are called at the reaping then its pretty much a death sentence. In the town square, kids have already started going in and I feel Prim's hand tighten in my own, causing me to look at her, the tears streaming down her face. Infact I'm looking at her for that long that I bump straight into someone, almost going flying. When I look up to apologise, Gale is standing there. "Hi." I mumble and he watches me. I turn to leave, not having ny idea what to say to my best friend but he grabs my arm so I push Prim off with my mother, watching them walk to the Bakery then I turn to Gale. "What?" I ask, a little harshly. "I just wanted to say that I'm sorry." His hold on my arm dissapears as his hand drops and I cross them over my chest. "Please forgive me." I want to stay mad at him but I cant so I throw my arms around him and hold him tight, my feet almost leaving the floor. "Good luck today Catnip." I smile into his shoulder, I've missed him calling me that so much even if I do hate the name. "You too Gale." Thats when he pulls away. "You seen Delly yet?" "No, I'm waiting for her. She shouldnt be long now." I nod. "Well I've got to go." I tell him, noticing Peeta holding the Bakery door open for me. "I'll see you later." He gives me another hug and I turn and run towards the Bakery, towards Peeta. Inside the Bakery, everything seems different. The very air around me is swimming with depression. Everyone else must be in the back because Peeta is the only one here. He looks terrible, as if he had no sleep last night at all which makes sense. I didnt sleep much either. "Hi." He mumbles to me with a small smile on his face. "You alright?" The door clicks shut, showing that he locked it before he shut it and then he takes me into his arms. "Of course you're not." I find myself laughing because why would anyone be alright on Reaping day? I melt into Peeta's chest, my place, the place I fit, right here, in his arms. "I'm scared for Prim." I say to him and I hear him let out a breathe. "I know. Me too." He replies. "Guys, you coming through?" I hear someone say from the door and I turn to see Mum. I nod, taking Peeta's hand. She dissapears from the doorway and we follow her through. In the sitting room, everyone is staring around, taking in every bit of eachother faces before the reaping today. Everyone but Mrs Mellark who I think I already saw sitting outside waiting for it to start, probably avoiding her sons. Masan is sitting on the sofa across from Rye, just looking at him. Its his last reaping today and I can tell he is a little excited but really scared about it like we all are. Sarah is here, clutching to his arm, crying slightly. Her sister must be at home or outside. Prim is sitting beside Masan and Leaven ringing her hands together and as soon as she sees me, she wraps her arms around my waist. "I'm so scared Katniss." She mumbles into my torso. I nod and feel myself leaning down to talk to her. "What if I'm picked?" I take her by the shoulders and look deep into her tear filled eyes, trying to stop myself from crying as I look at her. "Its your first year Prim, your names only in there once, they're not gonna pick you." I say but I can feel myself loosing hope and when she wraps her arms around me again, I look toward Peeta with tears in my eyes. He nods in understanding and I smile slightly. Atleast I have him here with me. Prim pulls away from me and latches onto mum, sitting beside her on the sofa, so I move to Peeta and bury my face in his shirt so no-one can see me crying. "Its gonna be alright." Peeta says to the room and I look up at him, forgetting about the tears on my face. "Tonight, everyone in this room will be dining together no matter what." He says but the looks on everyones faces says different. "Good luck Rye." He says to his brother. "You too Sarah." "Good luck bro. Katniss, good luck." Rye says to us both. "Prim, you will be fine dont worry." Prim smiles at him. I'm about to give everyone good lucks but am stopped by the sound of a really loud horn outside, signalling everyone is to go to the town square. We all look at eachother and the first person to stand up is Rye, pulling Sarah along with him. "Come on guys lets get this over with." He says. Prim stands up and grabs my hand, my other one in Peetas. We walk out together, as one, as a family. Outside the town is full of scared children and parents. "Here is where we say goodbye." Masan says, standing beside my mother and Leaven. "Good luck guys." He hugs each of us in turn and so doesn Leaven then they dissapear off into the crowd to find