CHAPTER 1. The day started out like any other day. I wake up at around 5:00am like usual. I get changed like usual. I get my usual breakfast. 2 pancakes with syrup, tea with no sugar and a random Capitol news show on the little TV in the kitchen. Caesar Flickerman talking about the 74th hunger games reaping in a week. I eat at the kitchen counter because dad is passed out on the dining room table with a bottle of liquor in his hands like usual. Dad was the winner of the 50th hunger games and he has been drinking ever since. I've tried to tell him to stop and he would say that he would give up but every morning I find him in the same position. My mother and twin sister, Rosie, both live in the Capitol and I only see them once a year when mum comes over to reap 2 unlucky children for the games. I'm surprised that I haven't been reaped yet, being a child of the only living victor in district 12. Rosie normally stays with me whilst dad goes to the Capitol with the 2 unlucky children and mum. I finish my breakfast, place the cup and plate in the washing up bowl, switch off the TV and walk to the front door. I pull on my boots and my big leather jacket and walk out the door. Dad knows where I'll be going so there's no need to leave a note any more. I leave the victors village gates and walk into the seam. Sometimes I don't like walking through here, especially at night because a lot of people watch me go. Everyone in the seam is really poor and I want nothing more than to help them but I can't help them all. Dad doesn't give me enough money a week. He makes me buy his liquor from the hob sometimes. I used to be scared to go in there aswell but now I'm used to it. I walk through the seam quickly with my head down and carry on to the town square. When I get to the square I walk to the doors of the bakery. I've worked here since I was 12 and I spend most of my time here when I'm not at school. "Hey Peet! How's Haymitch doing?" I hear Leaven say. Leaven is the bakers oldest son. "Dads passed out as usual." I say laughing, "Where are Masan and Rye?" I ask. Rye is Masan's other son. He used to have a daughter called Poppy, she was a year younger than me and had a huge crush on me, even after I agreed to date her not long before the reaping. She died in the Hunger Games last year. The 73rd Hunger Games. Mrs Mellark has hardly talked to anybody since. She spends all her time in her room. "Dad is upstairs giving mum breakfast and Rye's in the back." Leaven says. "Ok I'll go and help Rye." I say. I ditch my coat on the hook by the door and pull on my apron before I walk past Leaven into the back. Before Poppy died, Rye was the kind of person to joke all the time and him and Poppy where like best friends so when she died, he started to be more serious. He does crack a joke now and then but it's not the same without her. "Hey Rye!" I say when I walk into the room. He turns around with a tray of cookies in his hand. "Oh, hey Peet! How are you?" He asks, turning around to deal with the cookies again. "I'm fine. Need some help?" "Yeah sure, there's some bread in the other oven, can you check on it please?" "Yeah." There's 3 ovens in the bakery. 2 in the shop kitchen and 1 in the house kitchen. They don't normally use the family oven so I walk over to the other side of the kitchen counter where the other oven is and open the door. The bread is still pale on top which means it isn't cooked yet, it has to be brown on the top to be cooked. "It's not done yet" I work in the bakery all day as usual until the place closes and I have to go home. Masan tries to give me some money for helping but I don't take it as usual. When I make it back to the Victors Village, it's dark but I can still see a small person walking towards my door. "Katniss!" I shout, she spins around. Katniss Everdeen has been trading with me and dad for 3 years now and before that he would come trading with her dad, but he sadly died in a mining explosion. When I catch up to her I see that her game bag looks a lot fuller than usual. "Looks like you've got a lot today." I say trying to make conversation. "Yeah, I only just got back into the district so I came through the opening just outside the Village and I came here first." She says looking at the floor. We get to my door in no time. I ask her if she wants to come in but she doesn't accept, saying that she doesn't have time. I run into the house and see that dad is still passed out. I walk into the kitchen and take some coins out of the money jar. I pass Katniss 3 gold coins and she gives me 2 squirrels which will be good for mine and dad's dinner tonight. She doesn't say another word just pockets the money and walks away. I shut the door and take the squirrels to the kitchen. For tea I make some type of squirrel stew that Poppy taught me to make when we where younger. She taught me to make a lot of things. The stew consists of squirrel, potatoes, carrots and mushroom. With some gravy. Someday I hope to get more people over for dinner, like some of my friends from school or the Mellarks or even Katniss. I've been in love with Katniss since the first day of school and I can never seem to get her out of my head. Even Poppy thought that I had loved her, she alway knew that I was in love with Katniss. I had agreed to go out with Poppy two months before the reaping and she couldn't have been more happy. After about a week, I realised that I would never have a chance with Katniss and I learnt to love Poppy. The next time she told me she loved me, I replied with 'I love you too' and it was true, she was an amazing girl and I could see myself getting married to her some day. I was still in love Katniss but I started to love Poppy as equally as I did Katniss, if not maybe a little more. Poppy knew this and was ok with it most of the time and then the reaping happened and my world crumbled down. Katniss had been reaped and my heart melted, I didn't think the day could get any worse until Poppy volunteered. I had made Poppy a promise that if she was reaped then I would not volunteer to save her. I think back to our last conversation. It was in the justice building in the room where we get to say goodbye. The first people to go in the room where of course the Mellarks, then Poppy's best friend, then finally me. I had been outside the room with my head in my hands and I didn't realise I was crying until my hands left my face, wet. When I had walked in, she was standing at the window in the knee length purple dress with long sleeves that I had bought her for her 14th birthday a couple weeks before. I could hear her lightly sobbing. "Poppy?" I said quietly and before I knew it she was in my arms and we where both crying. "It's going to be ok." She said pulling away from me. "No, it's not. I should have volunteered." I said. "No you shouldn't have." "Well why did you, and for Katniss, you've been jealous of her for years." I said loudly. "I did it for you." She whispered. She had her hands against my chest and was looking at her shoes. "Why?" I put my hand under her chin so he looks up to me. "Don't you see! You're not doing me any favours by getting yourself killed." "I did it because I know that you love Katniss and I know that whenever you see her, your face lights up and you can't stop looking at her." "No! You don't understand!" I grab her by her shoulders. "I LOVE YOU!" I shout. "I know you do and I love you too, more than anyone but you love her more than you love me and with me out of the picture you can be with her." She said. "Just promise me that you will atleast talk to her for me." "Only if you promise to come back to me." I said with more tears falling down my face. She reaches up and wipes them off, but they keep coming. "Ok I promise, I'll do the best I can." "I promise then." I pulled her towards me and kissed her on top of her head. The peacekeepers showed up to take me out. "Times up!" One announced. I pulled away from Poppy and kissed her. Our first kiss. I don't know why we never kissed before but we never thought the need to. "I love you Poppy Mellark!" I said. "I love you too Peeta Abernathy!" She shouted back as I was being pulled from the room. "Never forget!" "I won't!" I shouted. I left the justice building to see Leaven, Masan and Rosie there. That was the first time I saw Rosie since the year before and I had tears rolling down my face by the bucket load, my face was all red and I had to repeatedly wipe the snot that was coming out of my nose. My legs felt week and I didn't even have enough strength to walk over to them. Leaven and Masan must have told her what happened because as soon as I slid down the wall to the floor, screaming, she ran over to comfort me. She held me there whilst I cried over my broken heart until everyone had gone home and Poppy and been taken to the Capitol. Katniss came to see us the next day but I had been in my dad's study painting. She had told Rosie to tell me how sorry she was and if she could reverse it she would but I couldn't talk to her after she was the reason Poppy volunteered. I hadn't kept that against her for long when I realised that I needed to keep the promise and I started to try to talk her at school. She doesn't talk to me that much but still more than she used to. It seems that I had kept my promise to Poppy by talking to Katniss, but Poppy didn't keep hers. I'm sure I'll see her again, sometime but not yet, not yet. When my time comes I will be with her, but at the moment, something is keeping me on earth. I'm brought out of the memory by a really loud ringing. Dad stirs but doesn't lift his head off the table. "Peet get the phone!" He mumbles. I roll my eyes, "Dad don't go back to sleep, dinners almost ready." I shout, running from the room to get the phone. "In not hungry!" He says as I pick up the phone. "I don't care!" I shout to him before putting the phone to my ear. "Hello?" "Haymitch! It's Effie!"