Disclaimer: I know this is hard to believe, but I don't actually own any of this. Prequel: Harry Potter and the Accidental Horcrux, by me, the Imaginizer. Posting Schedule: With Harry Potter and the Accidental Horcrux, I posted once a week, sometimes even twice. I don't think I can keep that up, for this story. I'd written pretty far ahead, in the beginning, but I'm starting to catch up with myself now, so I think I'm going to post every two weeks, to be on the safe side. I'm sorry about this, but I feel like if I want to keep up the quality and the chapter sizes, this is the way it has to be. Hopefully I haven't shattered anyone's dreams. Yeah, yeah, "don't flatter yourself, Imaginizer", I know. So...I'll be seeing you all every second Sunday (sometimes more, but no promises). Warnings: As this story covers the later years of Harry's adolescence, it covers more mature material than Harry Potter and the Accidental Horcrux did. Yes, people, I'm talking about sex, drugs, and rock and roll. Ok, ok, not quite. Well, kind of, actually. The warnings are as follows: abuse, offensive language (this story contains contains a foul-mouthed Burmese python), violence, sexually suggestive content (no explicit sex scenes), substance abuse, depictions of serious mental illness, and increasingly morally ambiguous protagonists. Where we left off: It's June, 1994, and Harry's third year at Hogwarts has come to a close. He's about to be delivered into the custody of his godfather, Sirius Black, who will soon be discharged from the Janus Thickey ward of St Mungo's after having been in therapy for the six months following his trial. First, however, Harry must survive three weeks at Spinner's End, in the care of none other than his temporary guardian, Professor Severus Snape, whose hatred of Harry seems to have waned significantly over the years...but Harry has reasonable doubts about his Head of House's intentions, and has no idea what to expect. In the meantime, Hermione is trying to put together a peer support group at Hogwarts, Theo has newfound aspirations to overthrow the Ministry of Magic with Harry, Draco has had a reality check, Remus has departed for Canada, and Professor Dumbledore is watching Harry more closely than ever. Oh, and Harry has this strange memory of his dead mother visiting him in a black limbo-like world and helping him wake up the piece of Lord Voldemort's soul which resides inside his head. In short, I have my work cut out for me. Prologue: Recovery or Chapter 1: Severus Snape (Part 4) The dinner table was silent, as it always was in the home of Severus Snape on Spinner's End; however, said silence was abnormally awkward, seeing as someone else was sharing in it. Across from him sat a boy with messy black hair, somewhat overgrown and wildly swept this way and that, contrasting sharply with the unassuming, modest presence of the slightly rumpled grey button down and dark trousers he wore. Green – a bright emerald almost painfully jarring in its mesmerizing familiarity – eyes were hidden behind circular black spectacles, their eerie sheen muted by the shadow cast by the unruly black fringe hanging above, and they were blank and fixated on the plate in front of him. The expression reflected in the boy's green eyes was silent and generic, and they were just a little too distant to deny that their attentiveness was measured; but despite such an attempt at anonymity, their unusual hue served as a constant and potent testament to his silent guest's identity. Harry James Potter. It had been four days since he and Potter had arrived at his home on Spinner's End, and the boy had barely said a word since; in fact, now that he considered it, they had not exchanged more than a few stilted sentences since he partook in the perfunctory performance that was (semi)politely showing his guest where to sleep, eat, and mind his own business. After all, they had no need to speak, or barely interact at all; their days were primarily mutually exclusive, mechanical sets of instructions tuned to the ticking of the clock, their actions a slave to separate routines. Every morning, the boy rose thirty minutes after he did, and would amble down the stairs another ten minutes later, just as he was finishing his breakfast. The boy would thank him for the modest portion he'd leave out for him – toast with blackberry jam, two poached eggs, and a quickly cooling pot of English Breakfast – and then he'd retreat to his laboratory, where he'd wordlessly perform the only activity that made his life a tolerable affair. When he emerged to imbibe his midday meal the boy would still be at the kitchen table, oblivious to the time told by the noon sun, which would already be well into its traversal of the perpetually shrouded azure. He would be working diligently on his summer assignments - day one and two had been charms, day three and four were transfiguration – but would pack his parchment and books and writing utensils away when he arrived and offer to help make lunch. Together, they would construct sandwiches and soup – ham, cheese, and tomato, with a side of split pea – and eat in a stark silence only tempered by the sound of metal against unembellished white porcelain. The first time they shared a meal, the boy had offered to do the dishes, and he didn't bother answering what had almost sounded like a request; he just charmed the dishes to do themselves. Seeing this, the boy's eyes had sparkled with muted excitement, and after a moment of admiring his spellwork he had asked for permission to go for a walk – a question he now repeated on a daily basis. Each day it was met by a curt nod. It was close to two hours later when he would hear the boy return and retreat to his bedroom for the next four hours. He would return to the kitchen at six thirty every evening, and after cooking whatever happened to come to mind - something bland containing potatoes, peas, and carrots - they'd eat dinner again in silence. Afterwards he would situate himself in the den and examine The Journal of Experimental Potions and Herbology with a cup of darjeeling in hand , and the boy would return to his bedroom without making a sound. He would not see him again until morning. If he had thought that his summer research would at all be impeded by Potter's presence, he had been very wrong – most of the time, he forgot that Potter was even there, which was no difficult task. It was obvious that the boy was trying to make his presence as diminutive as possible, which he found himself grateful for...and concerned by. Yes, concern – he would admit it to no one but himself, but it was certainly present. The boy was his responsibility after all. A responsibility that he had failed in upholding until very recently. He believed that he had good reason to be concerned, as well; it was odd that the boy was so docile, so unaffected after having been freed from his abusive relatives and promised the chance to live with his godfather, whom - Ah yes, the godfather. Black. The very word, the very thought of the man made his stomach turn and a bitter taste invade his mouth, derailing his train of thought. He refrained from choking on his food. Sirius Black was a spoiled, imbecilic fool who carelessly squandered every advantage or privilege he was ever given (of which there were many) out of insolence and rebellion, and took pleasure in revelling in his own vices and misbehaviours. He had spent nearly his entire adult life as a prisoner deprived of any semblance of freedom, humane living conditions, or autonomy, and by extension, any experiences of responsibility or psychological development; as a child he was rash, narcissistic, and a trouble-maker through and through, and he doubted that Azkaban had facilitated much ...improvement, were such a thing even possible. Indeed, there was no doubt in his mind that Harry Potter, in his mere 13 years, had managed to accumulate more maturity than Sirius Black ever would in a lifetime. Far be it from him to praise Potter, but even a witless fool could see that Lily's son was a far superior specimen of a human being, when compared to Black . Yet, Potter would soon be delivered into the man's custody, to be placed under the ex-convict's authority; indeed, everyone seemed to believe that, for some reason, Sirius Black had the capacity to care for a child, one who was already a far more sophisticated being than Black was probably capable of comprehending, let alone positively influencing. The problem, of course, being that Potter was in dire need of a positive influence. Harry Potter was an abused child. He'd seen worse, of course, but the fact remained that even if the physical scars were few and fading, the emotional abuse and years of neglect had clearly had a profound effect on the boy, and would continue to plague him even as he traversed adolescence into adulthood. He knew this all too well. And he still couldn't believe he never saw it. The very first time he saw the boy, he saw only one thing – some creature in the form of a James Potter back from the dead, who had stolen his beloved Lily's eyes. Perhaps those eyes had been too distant; perhaps James Potter's face had been too rigid and cautious. Perhaps this child, a strange hybrid of his love and his nemesis, had been visibly different , set apart from his fellow first year Hogwarts students. If he had been, he had ignored it. Then he'd heard that the boy lived with his aunt – bitter, cold, ill-mannered Petunia Evans, Lily's jealous and spiteful sister. Lily rarely spoke of her after they started Hogwarts, but he knew that at some point during their adolescence, the two sisters had stopped speaking to one another altogether. That's why he was quite taken aback when he heard that Lily's son had gone to her. Again, though, he did not think much of it. Yes, Petunia 'Tuney' Evans had a strong disdain for 'freaks', but surely she'd gone on to regret her treatment of her sister after her death. Surely the woman thought taking care of her sister's son was a noble way to make up for years of anger and distance. Potter was fine, lavished by the finer things in life by his doting aunt, who saw him as an opportunity to do right by her estranged sister. That's what he told himself, and he believed it at the time. Then he'd noticed the first of the anomalies – he'd noticed how silent, even reclusive the boy was; how he never spoke unless spoken to, or looked at anyone unless the situation demanded it. Even so, it never really occurred to him that the boy might be abnormally shy, scared of rejection – arrogant, that was the first place his mind went. Proud and condescending and caught up in the belief that he was superior to his peers. This impression was only confirmed the more he witnessed his colleagues' startlingly good impressions of the boy, and how quick they were to cater to him in class, feeding his ego shamelessly. Clearly, like his father before him, the boy had the entire Hogwarts faculty in his pocket. Except him. Even after he had heard the prefects' reports on the boy, he hadn't given it much more thought. Clearly all was not well, if the incredibly perceptive Hortense Rowland felt compelled to compare the boy to Avery, the psychologically troubled son of a former Death Eater; clearly something was out of place in the boy's head, and was prompting him