Hi Guys! I recieved sad news last week about my friend Roxanne Levitt, who was also co-author of this story as well as Unrequited. Roxie was hit by a car and later died a month ago. I have been battling with the idea to finish this story as well as Unrequited because they were stories dear to Roxie's heart. They were both her plot bunnies, and we worked hard on both stories. This story was in the Twilight and Fifty Shades of Grey cheater contest and Roxie and I did very well. 2nd Place in the Public Votes, Validators Pick (purpleC305) I am honored. I am such a big fan of her stories, 3rd in Judges Pick, and also the So Wrong, It's Right Category. Roxie would be overjoyed with the results and I am so thankful to everyone that voted. Thank you Thanks to Ana, Debbie, Bee all of the Judges, Betas, Validators, Authors, just everyone involved for doing such a job well done. The contest was great and every story was amazing. Please support the authors of the contest you won't regret it. PM me for links. Quite a few of them have already posted their stories. I would also like to thank Donna, our lovely beta. She was with us every step of the way with suggestions. She goes above and beyond everytime we seek her help. I would also like to thank NancyStew who didn't hesitate to be our second pair of eyes on this project, she was great. We were so lucky to have two great betas help us out with this story. Story Summary: It was just a fling, a mistake is what we had called it. He is against my father, trying to take his position. It is my job to stop that from happening. That is why we were never supposed to fall in love. We both knew how it was supposed to end. The problem is, things rarely ever go how they are supposed to. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. *O*o*O* * Hilton at 7 today* *I'll be there. Anything else?* And even though I know he won't reply, I still wait like the miserable and wretched little piece of shit that I am, staring down at the screen of the phone he'd given me, almost willing it to light up with the arrival of a new text. It has always been this way- him giving me the bare minimum information about the time and place of our meetings from a cheap, pre-paid phone which could never be traced back to him and me jumping at the opportunity and making myself available to him, no matter what I had to cut short, cancel or re-schedule, just to meet the bastard. Sighing, I put the phone back into my black Dior bag and continue doing my work. Even though my mind is processing all the data and important facts that are in front of me, quickly assessing them and calculating various possibilities, my heart is thundering within my ribcage, waiting impatiently for our meeting again. *O*o*O* Flashback "Dad, I do not understand why you are even inviting that schmuck over to our house for dinner," I said, exasperatedly at my old man. "Bells, you already know why. It's all about the politics and keeping up appearances," my father, Charles Swan replied. I snorted in reply and waved my hand dismissively. Being the daughter of the most influential personality in the United States and one of the most powerful men in the world was not the easiest task. But at least it was easier for me because by being the crisis manager for my father, I was able to be productive in some way and not sit at home, under lock and key like my ten-year-old, not-such-a-baby sister Alice was. Though judging by her attitude and temper tantrums now, I'd say she would become a rebel soon enough and let loose hell whenever something didn't go according to her own wishes. "You've gotta get ready by six. Don't be late or you know Renée would have your head for dinner," he said, whilst typing away in his laptop. Grabbing this as my cue to leave, I replied, with a little hint of snark creeping into my voice, "Yes, yes, we wouldn't want the President of the United States of America and the First Lady to be kept waiting, now would we?" Charlie looked up and raised an eyebrow but didn't say anything. *O*o*O* Present Time "Angela, please could you tell my Dad that I'm going to my apartment today and won't be coming for dinner tonight?" I ask, guilt lacing in mind and spreading its wispy fingers down to my heart. We always tried to have family dinner twice a week every weekend. I could have dinner with them tomorrow, I tried to rationalize with myself but even I knew that was a lie as well. Whenever I spent the weekend with him, we never could part before Monday morning crept into our room, the morning sunshine bringing along the harsh reality and breaking the bubble that we'd been able to create for ourselves. Angela Weber, my Dad's secretary, flashed a friendly smile at me and said, "Of course, I will." "Thanks, Ange," I say moving away from the desk, eager to get out of here as soon as possible but without looking too desperate. "Anytime, Isabella." I head out from her office and leave the White House, walking as fast as my short legs and four-inch heels could carry me. Waiting outside, I see Randall, my driver waiting for me dutifully. "Good Evening, Miss Swan." "Good Evening, Randall. Please take me to Hilton," I say, whilst stepping into the black, bullet-proof car. Having the security not tail me for such occasions was a pain in the ass but I managed to get them off my back somehow. "Of course, Miss Swan." I slid on my sunglasses and stare out of the tinted windows, looking at the tall buildings and skyscrapers as they flashed by. My heart was beating hard, like I'd just run a mile and butterflies-no, carnivorous bats filled my stomach. However, a sadness so deep and immovable settled across my chest that I felt tears pricking my eyes. I tried to blink them away but one traitorous drop spilled on my cheek. I hastily brushed it away and sniffled back a sob. Here I was- chasing through the streets of Washington DC in order to meet a man who set my soul on fire, with whom I shared such a deep connection that even I couldn't understand it at times but who would never be mine to have. *O*o*O* Flashback "Alice, quit stuffing your face like that," I hissed at my sister, who seemingly tried to eat her way to China. "But why?" she complained in that whiny voice that I hated. "Because it isn't appropriate. Now go along and wash up properly before I tell Mom what you were doing last night," I say, alluding to the fact that she had sneaked out last night to meet up with Jasper Whitlock, her best friend, in the tree house at the back of our property. Her round, blue eyes widened and she shrieked out, "You will do no such thing!" "Wanna bet?" "Ugh, I hate you!" she said before stomping off to the restroom. "Brat," I mutter under my breath. I smooth a hand down my dress and check out myself in the mirror. My hair was up in a sophisticated French twist and my sleeveless, blood red dress wasn't wrinkled anywhere. After having appraised myself, I move out of Alice's room and make my way to the main room, where I and Dad would welcome the guests, Mr. Edward Cullen and his wife, Rosalie Hale-Cullen. *O*o*O* Present Time "Ma'am?" Randall's gentle voice broke me out of my depressed reverie and I looked up at him, "Yes?" "We're at the Hilton." "Oh, okay," I hurriedly search for my flaming red wig under the seat and quickly put it on, clipping it to place with a few bobby pins. I exchange my usual sunglasses for a pair of oversized ones, which covered half of my face and slather on a shade of dark red lipstick, a color which I don't usually wear. Randall waits patiently for me to complete, he has gotten used to it by now. I suppose he suspects something is up but doesn't mention anything. I check myself in the mirror of my compact and nod my approval at my transformation. I was completely unrecognizable from Isabella Marie Swan, having seamlessly stepped into the guise of Victoria Hunter. "Thank you, Randall. I'll be expecting you here on Monday morning at the usual time," I say, before stepping out of the car. "Yes, Ma'am. I'll be there on time," he replied before peeling out from the back alley where he had dropped me. I straightened up my shoulders and started walking towards the hotel. I hope he isn't late, I think to myself, checking the Rolex watch which I had gifted to myself with my first real earnings. The dial read 6:30 and I knew that I was on time, as usual. *O*o*O* Flashback "This way, Senator Cullen. President Swan has been awaiting your arrival." I stood up from my position on the couch, where I'd been sitting and talking with Dad. Charlie went ahead to the door and I trailed behind him, just as Senator Cullen was being ushered in by Jenks, our butler. "Thank you for your services, Jenks," Charlie waved his hand dismissively. I flashed a small smile at Jenks and he winked in turn, before he left the room. Jenks had been with us for a very long time, so much so that he was practically considered family now. It was in situations like these, when we were in the presence of someone unknown, that Charlie didn't show his camaraderie with him. "Welcome to my humble abode, Senator Cullen." "Ah, President Swan, you don't need to be so formal with me. Please call me Edward," he said, extending his hand towards Charlie. "Likewise, Edward, call me Charlie." I roll my eyes internally. Charlie hated the fact that he had to compete with a 'kid' almost fifteen years younger than him. He believed that Senator Cullen was- and I quote- a 'useless kid who wouldn't be able to get anything done' and who 'is not equipped to run the country properly'. Politics was all about appearances, I reminded myself. I look at Senator Cullen, curious to see if the tabloids had been truthful in their allegations that my father's opponent, in the next Presidential elections, was 'drop-dead gorgeous' and had a 'smile that melted hearts'. Boy, were they so right. With messy just-fucked hair, penetrating green eyes and a sharp jawline, he looked more like a male underwear model than the Senator of the United States. His mesmerizing green eyes flashed behind my father's shoulders to meet mine and I got a look at his infamous smile. Noticing the direction of his gaze, Charlie turned back and looked at me, "This is my crisis manager and daughter, Isabella Swan." He came over to me with a broad smile on his face. "Don't let her size fool you Edward. She's a spitfire. Best lawyer in the country." His broad smile widened, and his chest puffed with pride. "Good evening, Miss Swan," he said, extending a hand towards me, his green eyes looking a little bit darker than before. I gripped his hand, cool and firm, and replied, "Good evening to you too, Senator Cullen." "Please call me Edward." *O*o*O* Present Time I open the door and I immediately know he's here already. I could smell a faint trace of his cologne in the air. I hurry inside and close the door behind me, desperation powering my