Little Buddy Emmett's POV It's not often that I find myself on a hunting trip alone. Normally, I'm either with the love of my life, Rosalie, or with one of the guys. I ended up hunting alone this time because Rosie wanted to go shopping with Alice. Apparently, there was some shoe that just became available and she had to have it. I know she told me a lot more about whatever shoe it was but I kind of stopped listening once I realized that it wasn't about creative ways to improve our relationship. None of the guys were available to go with me either. I shudder to think about how whipped they all are with their significant others. I was feeling pretty pleased with myself as I made my way back toward the house. I managed to find a bear that was just getting out of hibernation and it was feeling pretty cranky when it saw me. I love to play with my food. I looked down and noticed that my shirt had some tears in it. Hopefully Alice won't notice that this shirt disappears. She wasyammering on and on about the designer being hot or something like that. It's probably another dude that acts like a chick. I'll never understand the humans these days. I was within a few miles of the house when I caught an interesting scent in the air. It was definitely an animal, but not one I typically run across in the woods. In fact, the scent seems so familiar, but I just couldn't quite place it. I slowed down to a brisk walk and tracked the scent because my curiosity has made me want to know what I'm smelling. It's not really a pleasant smell like a bear, but it's not completely nasty like Jake. I was quickly stepping over the roots that jutted out from the forest floor and moving branches aside taking a few seconds to actually move them instead of snapping them off because they were in my path. I was close enough to the animal that I could hear it panting. I walked a few more yards in the direction of the panting and moved aside another branch that was in my way before coming to a standstill in front of the animal staring directly into my eyes. Bark. Bark. I felt a grin creep across my face at the little dog in front of me. Unlike most animals who seem to sense the predator nature of a vampire, this little guy was wagging its tail back and forth with its tongue hanging out of the side of its mouth. The little brown dog in front of me was only a puppy and had a large white spot on the end of its tail, the front of its snout, and one white paw on the front left leg. He looked so cute and reminded me of a human memory I thought might have disappeared long ago. I thought back to the memory of when I was a little boy around the age of seven. I could visualize myself running around the yard where we lived. I was playing fetch with a small dog that looked similar to the one sitting in front of me. I could see how joyful I was to be in the company of "man's best friend". I tried to bring up the name of the dog I was playing with in the memory. After thinking for a few seconds, I finally remembered that my dog's name was Hunter. I didn't have to think about it long; I knew that I wanted to take this little puppy home. I couldn't imagine someone abandoning this poor little thing in the middle of the forest. After the memory of all the fun I had with my dog as a kid, I decided I could bring the fun back to my life. "Hey Little Buddy, you want to come home with your best friend, Emmett?" I asked the puppy. The puppy gave a loud bark and playfully wagged his tail, which I took to mean he loved me already. I picked the puppy up and started running toward the house since I knew he wouldn't be able to keep up with my vampire speed. As we reached the house, I put the puppy down and he barked happily again at me and ran around my legs a few times. I jogged at a human pace up the front steps to the house and the puppy followed me inside. I quickly realized that I was still the only person at home. I looked down at the puppy sitting by my feet and decided that I needed to get some toys for him to play with. I took my phone out of my pocket and dialed the number of someone who would be able to help me. "Hello," Bella answered. "Hey Bella-bear, I need a favor," I asked in my super sweet voice. "You don't need to get all whiny, Emmett," Bella replied. "What do you want me to help you with?" "Can you pick up some toys for a puppy?" I asked. "Do I even want to know what this is about?" Bella asked with a sigh over the phone. "You know what? Don't tell me. I'll pick some stuff up for you and be there in a little while." I looked down at Little Buddy, "Don't worry little boy, Bella-bear will be over soon with lots of fun stuff for you." Since we had to wait for Bella to show up with all the puppy stuff, I decided to show Little Buddy around the house. "Come on boy," I said clapping my hands, "Follow me." I decided to just walk through the house this time so Little Buddy could follow me around easily. I gave a running commentary about the different rooms we peaked into. "Here's the kitchen," I began. "The only person that eats in here is Bella. Although, I guess we can put your food in here, too." Little Buddy barked twice and wagged his tail, so I knew he was happy about where his food was going to be. I waved my arm for him to follow me to the next location. Little Buddy jogged behind me as I walked over to Edward's piano. "Okay, just so you know, this is Edward's piano," I told Little Buddy. "If you ever decide to chew on it, make sure Eddie's not around or he might get really mad." Another tail wag as an acknowledgement. This puppy was a genius! Little Buddy followed behind me as I went upstairs. The first room I pointed out was my room. "I share my room with Rosie," I told Little Buddy. "She's the hottest woman on the planet and all mine. I don't mind if you come in here, but make sure you don't crimp my style if you know what I mean." "This is Alice and Jasper's room," I pointed out next. "They are both sweet as can be except for when they're not. Try not to get on their bad side even though Alice will see it coming." I pointed out Carlisle and Esme's room third. "This is our mom and dad's room," I told Little Buddy. "I would suggest staying far, far away from it. You'll either find something you don't want to see or Esme will get mad about you coming inside it." "And finally on the grand tour," I pronounced with a sweeping arm gesture, "is Edward's room." Bark. Bark. As I watched Little Buddy's tail wag, I smiled broadly. "Now don't mess with Bella if she's ever in the room because she's awesome. But if you ever want to tick Edward off by messing around in here, I won't stop you," I whispered conspiratorally even though it was just the two of us in the house. "I've got a great idea!" I said snapping my fingers together. "Let's go back downstairs and play some video games while we wait on Bella." I forgot about maintaining a human pace and ran downstairs. By the time I had the game controller and was waiting for everything to load on the television screen, Little Buddy had made his way downstairs and plopped down on the sofa beside me. I was in the middle of killing some enemy soldiers admist Little Buddy barking every time he saw a soldier pop up on the screen when I heard the front door open. "Hey Emmett," called Bella as she came into the living room. "So why did you want stuff for a dog?" "I've got a new puppy," I told her. Little Buddy ran up to Bella and jumped up on his two legs. "Hey puppy," Bella said to the puppy as she bent down to scratch behind his ears. "His name is Little Buddy," I told her. "I found him in the woods today." Bella looked thoughtful for a second before coming to the decision to say what she was thinking. "Is this really the best place to have a pet?" "What do you mean?" I asked confused. "We can provide everything Little Buddy could possibly want." "Well, I was mainly considering the family's food source," Bella responded slowly. "You think we're going to eat him?!" I exclaimed. Bella shrugged, "It seemed like a logical thought." I picked up Little Buddy and held his face up to my cheek. "How could Bella-bear possibly think one of us would eat something as cute as you?" Little Buddy gave me a giant lick on my chin, which made me grin widely. Looking back at Bella, I asked, "What did you bring?" "I think I picked up all the typical dog stuff," Bella answered as she began emptying a large tote. She pulled out two blue dog bowls, a small bag of dog food, some treats, a collar with matching leash, and a couple of chew toys. "I looked at dog beds," Bella continued, "but I wasn't sure how big it needed to be. You might want to go back and pick one of those up later." "Little Buddy can just sleep in one of our beds," I told her unconcerned. Bella just stared at me before saying, "If you think so." "So what else do I need to know?" I asked. "The puppy will need to eat a few times a day," Bella answered. "I'm not sure how much to feed the puppy, so I would just read the bag and see what it says. I know that dogs like to get lots of exercise, so you'll need to make sure you take Little Buddy on walks regularly. Little Buddy will also need to go outside to do his business, too." "Anything else?" I asked rubbing my hands together excitedly. "The chew toys are supposed to help prevent the puppy from chewing on things he's not supposed to be chewing on," Bella told me. She shrugged, "That's all I've got for you. I'm not really the expert on pets." "Thanks Bella-bear," I told her giving her a hug that wouldn't squeeze her to death. "No problem Emmett," Bella said squeezing me back as hard as she can. Bella turned around and walked a few steps toward the front door then paused. Half turning around she asked, "Are you sure that the rest of the family is going to be okay with the new puppy?" I rolled my eyes at her. "Of course they will," I told her. "Emmett, having this puppy is not okay!" Alice yelled at me. The rest of the family had come back home a few hours after Bella had left the house. After calling Little Buddy several times, I finally ran through the house until I found the little puppy in Carlisle's office. He was playing with some paper on the floor, so I picked him up and patted his head before jogging back to the living room where