Future Orc – A Lord of the Ring fan-fiction. Author's Note: Well I finally summoned the courage to post this. I been sitting on it for a couple weeks now, checking it, and re-checking for mistakes. But, that was just an excuse to not post it. This was inspired by another LOTR FF on this site that completely enthralled me, and I finally followed through. I feel like that author was a little too...sympathetic when it came to orc behavior, but I am going to try work with that precedence, because, hey, it works. I hope you guys enjoy it, and please, constructive criticism is greatly appreciated. If you find an grammatical or spelling errors, let me know. If I got my research wrong, make we aware so I can correct it. Or, if you dislike it please explain why, I would like to see were you are coming from. I just hope it's not too cheesy... Chapter 1: Curiously Normal Much can happen in two-thousand years. The time following the War of the Ring was prosperous for the peoples of Middle-Earth. Man rebuilt their homes, dwarves reclaimed old territories, and the elves developed new relationships with the other peoples. All was well. Except, perhaps, for the orcs. Upon the defeat of Sauron the free people began hunting the orcfolk with impunity. For two-hundred years orcs all over the land were slaughtered for sport and for profit. Eventually conscience overcame vengeance, and the goodly folk, having no taste for genocide, ended the hunts and learned to live with their orcish neighbors. Centuries passed, cultures merged, and society grew Industry steadily evolved, lives were made better, and the peoples of Middle-Earth grew further together. Even the orcs, mistrusted as they still were, rose in stature. But the orcs could never truly be one with the other peoples. Not while they were still susceptible to the control of darkness. Not while a dark lord or evil wizard could come at any time and subvert their will. And make no mistake, they did come. It was not until fifteen hundred years after the War of the Ring did the great wizard Gandalf the White offered the orcish folk a chance at freedom. He would give form the evil the held their souls. The orcs would either slay the great beast, or all be slain themselves. The orcs, whom would rather be dead than in bondage, accepted the wizard's proposal. There they met at the ruins of an ancient Mordor tower. Orcs, Uruks, Goblins, and even Trollkin gathered in countless thousands, ready to free themselves or die trying. Through Gandalf's awesome power a daemon, tenfold the size of a mumakil, emerged from the old rubble. With a flourish of sorcery the grand wizard made the fiend mortal, but by doing so he unleased the beast's true potential. Extending its terrible will, the monster dominated half of the gathered orckind, the other half strong enough in mind and spirit to resist. The resulting battle left few alive, but when the final blow was struck, the creature laid slain. The shadow lifted from those whom rejected it, and the orcish were finally free. A new age came to Middle-Earth, after that day of emancipation. One of friendship, one of progress, one of new happiness. Three hundred years has passed since then. Many accepted the orcs new found freedom, and many rejected it. Ignorance still lived, wars were still raged, but progress reigned supreme. Which brings us to today, to the curious home, of a curious orc, doing something curious indeed… Jahak finished drying his hair, having just enjoyed a refreshing shower. He began to comb the full dyed-blond locks, savoring the softness his favorite conditioner brought him. After shaving what little fuzz orcs tend to get on their faces, and plucking his eyebrows into what his Ex had called the 'sexy human size;' he put his sky blue contacts into his large, round, and normally boring brown eyes; thus completing his look. Gazing into his bathroom mirror, Jahak allowed himself a moment of narcissism. He nodded and smiled. "You look good Jak." He said aloud to his reflection. His soft yet slightly gravelly voice carrying over his bathroom fan. "Very human." He then finished his preening, covering his pointed ears with his not too lengthy hair. The human look was in for orc fashion, and while Jak was not one for trends, he certainly enjoyed the convenience that main steam attention created. The variety of hair products, lens colors, and clothing afforded Jak a level of options he never dreamed he would have. He was always fascinated by humans. Their range of skin, hair, and eye colors. Their round ears, small eyes, and square teeth. He could easily say he was jealous. When he had become a teenager he started to dye his hair blond, and started using colored eye contacts instead of glasses. He even begged his parents to buy him make-up and body paint so he can get that pinkish skin tone he found so enthralling, but his father had put the kibosh on that. "It's too weird." The burly uruk had said in his intimidating baritone. "You shouldn't be ashamed of yerself and be coverin' yerself up so much." He wasn't ashamed of his orciness. He loved being an orc. He just liked how humans looked is all. So he settled on human fashion instead. That, and mimicking the accents of human TV stars to sound more Gondorian. Jak knew it was good thing he went with his look, as it was probably the only reason he could get a girl in high-school and college. Girls, or more specifically orc girls, weren't very attracted to lanky boys who were bad at sports but good at math. But the mysteriously human-like orc? He could reel 'em in… Well, get one crazy hot girl in high school, and a few pretty girls in college. His look didn't make him any more suave, and a master's degree in engineering doesn't leave one with much free time. Jak chuckled to himself. Nowadays every other orc and their mother humanized themselves. It's amazing, one super famous orc actor being casted as a human in a movie (and does a crazy awesome job) is all that it takes to make human the in thing. And while it irked Jak that everyone thought he was following the fad, he wouldn't comment. He refused spit out some garbage about doing it before it was cool, like some douchebag elf hipster; even if the statement is completely true. No, he knew he did it first, he really did enjoy the look, and he only did it for himself. So if listening to some a-hole talk crap was a consequence of better quality product, then so be it. 'Besides, I'll never take it too far.' He thought to himself as he stared at his skin and teeth. Some people would go to the extremes of dying their skin Gondor caucasian, cutting their ears round, and grinding their teeth flat. Jak shuddered at the thought, rubbing his own pointed ivories in phantom pain. He didn't go through years of orthodontic care, straightening his teeth, just to grind them flat. By the Valar, his mother would super-murder him into oblivion if he did that. After a brief brush of his pearly whites and a quick round of flossing, he allowed himself one more round of douchbaggery as he admired his body. His skin was that classic orc grey; and he was tall for an orc, getting some height from his uruk dad. He wasn't too tall though, his mother is what one could call a 'classic' orc; and while his stature is considered a good mix of the two, his body type was closer to hers. He had large round eyes, pointy ears, a slightly round face, and well-toned abs. He snickered at himself for that last one. He was a goofy, nerdy, pseudo shut-in; and such a life style rarely produced a Faramir physique, but he exercised daily just so he could be slightly conceited. 'Just in case I get into an illegal cage fight.' Jak thought to himself again, laughing out loud as he finished in the bathroom and went to get dressed. After throwing on some underwear, some comfy socks, a nice pair of black jean pants, and a greyish-white t-shirt with a faded baby blue button-down over that; he slowly placed his pendant to the Valar over his neck. This one honored Gandalf, the wizard who helped free the orckind from the hands of evil. He smiled, then mocked himself in his head 'Ok, that's enough there preacher.' Finally he began packing his large duffle bag for his four day weekend. Tomorrow is the 300th Anniversary of Emancipation Day, and his parents are hosting a huge party at their home in Mordor. It landed on a Friday, which Jak already had off for the holiday, but he thought he'd take a vacation day today as well. It would give him more time to spend with his parents before the rest his family started to crowd in. With that in mind Jak, gave his mother a call on his smart-phone to confirm just who would be showing up. After a couple of rings, she picked up, and he heard her familiar voice. "'Ello?" She answered in her gravelly yet sing-song tone. "Hey mum." He replied, goofily chirping out the words with a Rohirim drawl. "Jakky!" He winced at the nickname she gave him after he adopted his monosyllabic moniker. She continued in a somewhat accusatory tone, "What ya callin' fer? Ya still comin'?" "Yeah mom, I just wanted to make sure just who's all coming." "Why?" He paused at the unexpected question. "I, uh, just wanted to make sure I packed all the right stuff." "Yer packin'?" "Yeah." "Ya got yer pants." He rolled his eyes, and readied for the incoming storm of questions. "Yep," he replied. "How many?" "The one's I have on and another in my bag." "Ya need more then two." "I'll be fine." "Naw, pack a'nuther." "Okay." He said, not wanting to argue, as he threw in a pair of blue jeans in his bag "Shirts?" She asked in continuation, "Plenty." "How many?" "Enough." "That means three, pack two more." She commanded He sighed, and grabbed a pair of polo tees, one red, one marble, and added them to the sack. It really was better to just kowtow to this now than deal with the complaints later, "Okay." "What about yer underwears and socks?" "More than enough, trust me." He answered quickly, hoping he could get to his own questions. "Pack more just in case." "Okay." He said as he doubled their numbers. "Ya bringin' a swimsuit and towel?" "Of course." Jak said almost incredulously. His old home was on the shore of a large manmade lake, dug deep and wide as a reservoir for irrigation purposes. The residents that lived around artificial body of water were allowed to swim in it, but not allowed to use motorized vessels. "Don't want no gas pollutin' no crops." His dad always said whenever someone would try sneak a motor on a fishing boat. "Ok, what about some shorts?" She asked. "I don't like shorts." He could practically hear her roll her eyes over the phone. "Ah, right," she replied with sigh "Ya don't like yer legs too exposed." She chuckled at the absurdity of it. "I'da thought yer uncle'd break ya of that when he'd take ya huntin'." She didn't realize that those hunting trips were exactly why he only wore pants. Scraping your legs to all hell was something you didn't want when out in the brush. Jak took this as an opportunity to interrupt, "Speaking of Uncle Grulk," he said quickly, "Is he coming?" "Oh yea, an' he's bringin' Mae too." She said, irritated. She wasn't fond of her brother-in-law, or his guns. While Grulk was mostly a