AN: for middy (angels are watching over you), happy belated birthday and i hope this is okay! Also for the third week of the gift giving extravaganza. well i've lost it all, i'm just a silhouette fairytale au If he'd had the choice, he wouldn't be here, squinting up at the tower looming overhead, bricks faded with age and chipped away in places. But his parents had insisted he come rescue the princess, that it was supposed to be this way; he saving her from her prison and her marrying him to repay her gratitude. He finds it all absurd. Surely he could find himself a wife without having to save her, and surely the princess could get herself a husband without having to spend her days locked up. When he ascends the stone steps and enters the room, his first thought is that somehow, miraculously, somebody else has saved her, that he won't have to marry this stranger. And then his eyes come to rest on the figure balancing on the window ledge, worn book in hand. His aversion to damsels in distress is quieted for a moment as he regards the girl perched on the window ledge. Unruly dark hair spills past her shoulders, obscuring part of her face. His eyes rake over the arch of her long legs in a way he knew his mother would have scolded him for. Her dress was frayed at the edges from where it has been torn short, now hardly grazing her mid thigh. She doesn't look up from her book as she speaks, her voice clipped and holding a hint of anger. "Are you going to stand there and stare forever?" His eyes narrow as he fumbles for words, anger welling up in him at her nerve. He can hear the cold amusement in her voice when she speaks again. "It's rather impolite, you know." "You shouldn't dare speak so rudely to your rescuer, princess ." The last word comes out as sneer, and she finally raises her head to meet his eyes, her book sliding from her hands and onto the floor. "Save me?" She cocks her head slightly to one side, a smirk playing on the corner of her lips. "You think you're saving me?" Her laughter is harsh in his ears, echoing off the curved walls. "No, I came all the way here to take you on a picnic." He snarls at her, hands balling into fists. "I'm not leaving." There's no trace of humour in her tone now. "They locked me up here, and left me , why would I want to go back there and marry someone who I don't even know for God's sake!" For a second, he aches to sit beside her on the ledge and stay for a while, hating the rest of the world with her, but he knows his parents would send someone to find him and that the princess would hardly be great company anyway, considering how she seemed to despise him. "You're coming whether you want to or not." he tells her, closing the distance between them in two strides and wrapping his arms around her petite frame. She twists violently, slipping from the window as she struggles to escape his grip. For a second he thinks he has her, then gravity kicks in and all he's holding is a piece of torn cloth as her body hurtles towards the grassy meadow below. Staring down at her, hair splayed around her head and limbs twisted at unnatural angles, he wants to scream at the top of his lungs, because she was cold and hateful but so was he and she didn't need saving, not like all the other girls. She was perfectly capable of saving herself. But screaming is useless he thinks. Because he can scream until his voice is weak and his words run out but she'll still be dead. a lifeless face that you'll soon forget vampire au Her lips brush against his, rough and urgent, her hands tugging at his hair non too gently, and he sighs inwardly, because by now he knows how this goes. It starts with a warm night and a dark alley and a little too much champagne, her lips finding his and her body draped around him like he's oxygen and she'll suffocate without him. Her bare legs wrap around his waist and her dark hair brushes against his face, the aroma of blood and sweat and just enough alcohol to make him woozy tickling his nose. And each time she pulls away and says the same thing, two words that play through his head day in and day out. "Turn me." she says, her voice harsh and insistent, but each time he shakes his head and whispers "Not yet." shoving her against a wall as their lips crash together again. Later she'll lean against the wall, cigarette in hand as she watches him drink some unfortunate fellow dry, her eyes afire with a hunger that would frighten away anyone sane, anyone besides him, as she informs him yet again that it was her swaying hips, her smoldering glimpses and flirty hair tosses that got him the guy to begin with. That he owes her for it, owes her eternal life with him. And he wants to scream at her because she doesn't get it, doesn't get that it's not fun watching everyone you love age and die as you remain the same. Having eternity ahead of you and nothing to do with it. But he resists yelling, because he knows she'd insist it would be different if she were like him, it would be the two of them, and infinity would seem luminous with her by his side. He doesn't know if he could tolerate her for a couple years, let alone for as long as he lived. This time when she pulls her face from his and utters those two words, he responds the way he always has, and brings his lips back to hers, not thinking as he trails kisses down her neck. Not thinking when she presses his face into the pale skin of her neck. Not thinking as his fangs slide down, sinking into her neck. Not thinking until she begins shrieking, her voice desperate and scared – the first time he's heard her speak without an air of confidence, tears streaming down her face and onto his. The tears trailing off her chin brings him back, like emerging through the surface of a lake, and he's aware of her feeble heartbeat, of the blue in her face and her fingertips, of the fact that he can't stop. Can't pull himself off of her. He feels her go faint in his arms as blood stops gushing into his mouth, and he knows she's dead before he presses his fingers into her neck, hoping desperately for a pulse. Knows that she can't come back, not when her heart has stopped beating . He tries anyway, slicing his wrist with a shard of glass, pressing his arm to her mouth and praying that life would return to her eyes. That she'd glare up at him with a scowl on her face and say something nasty, like she always does. He stays like that for the entire night, holding her and praying to someone, anyone that she'd return to him. And when it hits him that she's not coming back, like a blow to his chest, knocking the wind from his chest, and he hates her for insisting, for not backing off. Hates himself for destroying the only happiness he found since he become this way, even if most of the time he hated her more than he loved her. my eyes are damp from the words you left war au Sometimes he wonders what he's doing here, fighting for a country that's never done anything for him. Because the men fighting alongside him are honourable, willing to throw their lives away, and for what? The battle will go on, nobody noticing as yet another body drops to the blood stained ground. It's expected that he be here, of course, a necessity, unless he'd prefer to be branded a coward, something he certainly isn't. He's weary of it though, so sick of this bloody war that nobody else realizes is pointless. He catches a glimpse of her, lips curled into a scowl and eyes that say she's meant for something more than this, and he thinks that she may realize too. She's young and beautiful and smart, and god, doesn't she deserve more than this? He asks her once, when his arm is injured and she's wrapping the bandages for him, and she laughs, brown eyes sparking as she says of course she does, aiding the injured isn't a fitting job for her. He wonders if any job would be fit for her, the cold girl whose a little too improper and a little too outspoken. Feeling her warm lips on his, the cold night air on their skin, he thinks of a different life. A life where she could be revolutionary and he could escape this feeling of not quite living up to the expectations and there could just be him and her and no war. Then it's gone and he's back in the war, to watching man after man drop, both sides of the battlefield seeing loss after loss. He thinks that the only time he's safe is when he's at camp, lukewarm soup in front of him, row upon row of men and nurses savouring this short escape from the bloodshed. And then the doors are flung open as men pour in, guns ablaze, and it's a mess of gunshots and war cries and men desperately reaching for their weapons, women fleeing for the infirmary. At first all he can think is that he's still alive, has his gun, needs to shoot the enemies, who are mid-invasion. He's just shot the arm of a man, when he spots her across the room, face calm even as she struggles to reach the door on time. Others have told him that it seems to happen in slow motion, every moment stretched out, seemingly never ending yet painfully short. It's not like that, not at all. One second she's running towards the door, and the next there's a bullet slicing through her side as she slumps to the ground. As red starts to stain her nurse's uniform, he thinks that this is why he's here, because she could have been anything she wanted to be after all this, and now she'd never get that chance. ringing in my head, when you broke my chest titanic au They called it the ship of dreams, the ship to be on if you wanted to start anew, whether that meant starting life elsewhere or starting a new life with a spouse. He's not sure he would call it that, but starting anew was beyond appealing and what bad could come from a little optimism? He'd met her not long before, a pretty little thing with a sharp mind and a bit of a rebellious streak, and when a girl like her asks one to run away with her, he doubts many would refuse. Neither of them are very wealthy, but he's a decent thief and her self-worth rivals that of the richest; between the two of them they can almost convince themselves that they're going to mean something at the end of it all, that they're going to have accomplished something they'll be celebrated for. Secretly, he's not as convinced as she is, but to argue with her is like throwing yourself into the fire, so he smiles and nods and picks a fight with her about something else, taunting her into pulling some ridiculous stunt, because he's not a gentlemen and she's not a lady and they're not about to start acting like they are. When they first here the