Lordof the Rings The Forgotten Journey Character Dossiers Name: Spargus Race: Dwarf Age: 50 Height : 4' 1" Weight : 156 lbs Hair Color : Red Eye Color : Brown Eyes Class : White Mage, Warrior Occupation : Priest Place of Residence : Just Northwest of Lothlorien Armaments : Enchanted Spear, Mithril Chain Mail Shirt Physical Description : Well built and muscular from years of digging and fighting. The scars on his body that speak volumes of the battles he has fought in. He has a long braided beard and wild red hair on his head. Bio : His home village, in the Iron Hills was attacked by Easterlings and he was one of two alive, the other was his best friend Dreggar who was out on a scouting assignment. A group of elves tracked the men and came to the village's aid. One of the elves was Violeta. She nursed him back to health and he traveled with them for a bit. When they came to Lothlorien, he stayed out due to it being the "elves" home, and the two races do not get along. However, he and Violeta fell in love and married in secret because of it being "unnatural for them being together. The two try to visit each other as much as possible to keep in touch and to see each other. He has been studying the ways of the white magic in order to help the village that he lives while doing his best to cleanse the dark taint from surrounding forest and villages. Name : Violeta Race : Elf Age : 290 Height : 5' 6" Weight : 120 lbs Hair Color : Brown Eye Color : Blue Class : Grey Mage Occupation : Herbalist, Alchemist, Gardener Place of Residence : Lothlorien Armaments : She uses various plants and organic things around her. When she absolutely needs a weapon, she has dual whips. Each whip is made of a combination of Spider silk and iron, made by Spargus, Dreggar and Mixor. They stick to flesh, plant or rock. The whip is very thin, thus easy to cut through enemies. Physical Description : Very beautiful and even more graceful. Skinny and small, she has a very innocent persona and look to her that many mistake for weakness until proven wrong. Bio : Violeta was born in Rivendell and enjoyed living there. She loved going on adventures and seeing the world. She lived there for 90 years before she moved to Lothlorien which she quickly grew to love and remained. She has been living there for the past 200 years and in that time, met Spargus and despite the tension between Dwarves and Elves, the two fell in love and married in secret. Their secret has been hard for them to keep but they have done well in guarding their love. She also has Savarian, a larger panther that is her greatest weapon and protector. She is well known and respected in her village for being compassionate and kind. Name : Dorian Race : Elf Age : 423 Height: 6' 1" Weight: 175 lbs Hair Color : Bluish Grey Eye Color : Blue Class : White Mage Occupation : Philosopher and Musician Place of Residence : Lothlorien Armaments : Staff with powerful crystal ball on the end. Enchanted Robes that provide a mystical protection Physical Description : He is has a slender build, not at all resembling a fighter. However he has a graceful aura about him that demands respect and shows his power. Bio : His family was killed by Trolls when he was just a small child. He took to the hills and lived alone in a cave. Little did he know he had stumbled upon Spargus' gave in the territory of the Dwarves. Seeing his desperation, Spargus taught him the ways of the White magic. From there he moved to be back with his kind in Lothlorien, never forgetting his friend. When he returned to Lothlorien he met Rhiannan and immediately fell in love with her. However her father did not approve of their marriage and demanded that Dorian prove himself worthy before he could marry her. Dorian then departed on a journey to completely learn the ways of the white Magic, during his time away, Rhiannan's father fell gravely ill. When Dorian returned, he felt he had lost Rhiannan since he did not find anything to prove himself worthy. When he heard the news of her father, he healed his illness. Rhiannan's father blessed the two and they married. Name : Rhiannan Race : Elf Age : 326 Height : 5' 4" Weight : 106 lbs Hair Color : Red Eye Color : Green Class : Archer & Black Mage Occupation : Hunter, Royalty Place of Residence : Lothlorien Armaments : Elven Long Bow. She also uses Black Magic powers, only attributable to arrows through an amulet. Elven warrior blue and white iron breastplate and matching vanguards, greaves, and boots Physical Description : She has red hair, green eyes as beautiful as emeralds. She is very small and skinny but muscular enough to get the job done. She wears a rather revealing outfit into battle with her armor. Bio : She is the daughter of the Elven Council Elder, Nalayian. Her father would not let her go out on journeys when she younger because her mother went as a diplomat to Rohan but was killed along the way. Growing up without a mother was very hard on her and so she remained in Lothlorien. When Dorian came, she was immediately attracted to him but her father forbade their marriage until Dorian could prove that he was worthy to marry the hand of his one and only daughter. While Dorian was gone her father fell gravely ill but upon his return, he healed her father and the two married. Though the two were married, Rhiannan still longed for adventure. When the opportunity arises, Rhiannan goes with Gandalf on his journey with the highly reluctant permission of her father. Name : Arnogal Race : Human Age : 35 Height : 6' 0' Weight : 150 lbs Hair Color : Black Hair Eye Color : Grey Class : Dunedain Ranger Occupation : Guardian of the Shire, and presently Ivy Place of Residence : Somewhere in or around the Shire Armaments : Human Long Sword, Long Bow of the Dunedain, two daggers. Light leather breastplate, vanguards, graves and archer arm guards Physical Description : Arnogal looks the part of a ranger in every way. His face dark and mysterious looking; gentle but fearless and brave. He is muscular but not overly so. Bio : One of the Dunedain who has spent his life as a ranger in hunt of the evil Orcs, Urak-Hai, and Trolls of Mordor. He was appointed by his clan to watch over the Shire in case of an attack upon the hobbits. Gladly accepting this position he became the "Defender and Guardian of the Shire" stopping attacks on the pretty much defenseless hobbit folk. However he was reappointed by them to protect Ivy as she ventured out into the world for the first time, a task that is easier said than done. His only companion is a horse named Fragrine. Name : Ivy Brandybuck Race : Hobbit Age : 21 Height : 3' 3" Weight : 65 lbs Hair Color : Red Eye Color : Green Class : Scout Occupation : Gardener Place of Residence : Buckland, near the Brandywine River in the Shire Armaments : Sting, a dagger and Hobbit leather armor Physical Description : Resembling most hobbits, her stature would make her seem a joke to see on the battle, but her tenacious and fearless personality makes her a tough one indeed. Bio : A hobbit who has grown restless, Ivy has always wanted to get out of the Shire. She has been on several short trips but nothing like the adventures that her cousin, Merry Brandybuck, has gone on. When the shortage of a rare medicinal herb in her village became a concern, Ivy, being a gardener jumped at the chance to journey out into the world to find more. Her friends are the be all and end all in her life and she would do anything for anyone of them, despite what she might say otherwise. Name : Loki Race : Troll Age : 110 Height : 10' 5" Weight : 750 lbs Hair Color : Grey Eye Color : Bronze Class : Berserker Occupation : None Place of Residence : Fangorn Forest Armaments : Heavy Troll Battle Armor, Ancient Troll Double Edged Battle Axe Physical Description : A true sight to see, like a tree bulging muscles. He has a patch of long hair in the back of his head which he keeps braided. Many scars cover his body, mostly whip marks on his back from his time spent in Saurumon's service. While all Troll have a repulsive and intimidating appearance, his seems lot gentler and easier to bear, unless you make him angry. Bio : Loki is a descendent of one of the three trolls that could talk, however, years of inactivity in his vocal cords led to their atrophy. Loki used to be a slave of Saurumon, but ran away during the battle of Helm's Deep, and went off to live on his own. Having a good heart, he vowed never to fight for Saurumon or Sauron again. He went into hiding in Fangorn to escape any of Saurumon's forces that may want to seek him out and kill him. Many years past and when some small rabbles of orcs or urak-hai did come his way, Loki killed them, doing his best to continue living in solitude. Name : Liana Race : Elf Age : 472 Height : 5' 11" Weight : 155 lbs Hair Color : Black Eye Color : Blue Class : Archer & White Mage Occupation : Royalty, Female Archer Warrior Place of Residence : Rivendell Armaments : Elven Short Bow, 4 Daggers, Light Elven archer breastplate Physical Description : Fair skinned, some say even too pale. An aura seems to surround her. Her hair is always decorated with a Silver Leaf Tiara given to her by her mother. Bio : Liana has not had the most pleasant life, chaos and death seem attracted to her and lurk everywhere, waiting for her next step. However, she is quite resourceful and has successfully cheated death every time she has been close to it. Her parents left her when she was very young for reasons she has yet to find out. She has spent the past couple hundred years searching for them and clues to her past, but they always seem to be a few steps ahead of her. Along the way she leaned everything she knows, mostly from random people she has met through the years on her journey. Witty and intelligence and helped her in many tight situations where she did not think she would survive. She cares deeply for her friends and would do anything for anyone in need. Her only companion for many years has been a falcon named Lolien. Name : Soltanarian Race : Elf Age : 449 Height : 6' 2" Weight : 145 lbs Hair Color : Black Eye Color : Brown Class : Paladin Warrior Occupation : Royalty, Captain of female division of Royal Guard Place of Residence : Rivendell Armaments : Elven Short Bow, Dual Elven Short Swords, Light Elven Battle Armor Physical Description : Tall and athletically muscular, a true female warriors build. She is a Vorn and therefore has dark mahogany skin. Her hair is long and hangs wildly around her face. Bio : Orphaned at the age of 3 when her parents were murdered by the Dark Lord after trying to infiltrate his lair, she has spent much of her life traveling from place to place. Eventually she settled in Rivendell and became the cousin of Arwen of Rivendell by adoption only.