This is going to be a prequel to the Harry Potter stories and will later somewhat follow the books. Characters will be somewhat AU because this is a Severitus story. Snape may also be a bit fluffy while Harry is young. I do not own Harry Potter nor am I J.K Rowling (I wish). August 1983 It was a quiet blistering summer day in Little Whinging where the Dursely family of number four, Privet Drive resided. One would say it was the hottest day of the summer and unfortunately for the area of Surrey a large power outage had affected the county. Mrs. Petunia Dursley had sprawled herself out on the couch fanning herself while trying to entertain her perfect little Dudders. Dudley Dursely a boy of three looked to be about a boy of six with how enormous he was. The obese boy made a fuss of not having the television on and how hot it was. He kept shouting for ice cream since they had run out of it, and it wasn't even noon yet. "Duddykins please Mummy will give you all the ice cream in the world once Daddy's home." Petunia told her son. "But I want it now!" Dudley shouted back as he started throwing pillows and pictures all around the living room. As if on cue the front door opened up and a whale of a man made his way into the house. He had a large beefy purple face with a black bushy mustache and mean beady little eyes. Vernon Dursely was very proud of his normal life where he worked as a director for Grunnings, a drill making company. The large man had a smirk on his face and went over to greet his lovely wife and son. "Petunia you'll never guess what happened at the store. I ran into a bunch of beggars who had the audacity to complain about this heat and was asking for water and food. Can you imagine my horror to such a thing? Told them they should work for something in their lives rather than ask others to do something for them, that or they can go off themselves, bunch of wastes of space." Vernon grumbled. The man had no sympathy for anyone of a "lesser status" and based a person by his or her status and wealth. He was a terrible human being with appalling views and loved bullying people, a reason why he loved his job so much. "Speaking of beggars where is that little freak? Do I have to put away groceries as well as feed his sorry ass?" Vernon continued. "I'm not too sure Vernon I haven't heard from the boy in sometime" Petunia replied fanning herself while drinking a glass of cold lemonade while giving Dudley three ice creams for being so patient. "Boy! Where are you! Get in here now you little freak!" Vernon shouted. His purple face becoming an even darker shade of purple with hints of red appearing. "Comin' Unwle Ve'non" a tiny voice called from outside. The glass door opened and a tiny three year old dark haired boy made his way inside. His clothes were much too large for his minuscule malnourished body. His arms were dirty from pulling the weeds outside and his face flushed from the weather and exhaustion. "Unpack these bags now boy." Vernon replied barley looking at the freak. "But I still hafta to fwinish weedin', washin' da car and mowin' da wawn" Harry replied softly with his head down, knowing what was about to happen. He knew he'd be in trouble for not finishing his chores, 'stupid worthless burden can't do anything right'. He couldn't even push the lawn mower, what good was he? "Excuse me?! What have you been doing all day boy? Sitting on your lazy ass and not doing your chores?" Vernon shouted. "I fwinished breakfast, wunch, doing da dishes, scrubbin' da oven, cweaning da shower, moppin' da kitchen and da bathroom and dusting da house." Harry replied back in a meek voice. "Well thank God you at least did something today, you lazy good for nothing freak. I have provided you with a roof over your head, food and the clothes on your back and you can't even repay us for what we have done for you! I gave you five hours and you're not even done. I knew I should have drowned you the second you arrived on our door!" Vernon yelled his face becoming redder as the veins in his neck and veins popped out. Tears appeared in the young boys eyes as he looked at his feet. He knew his Uncle was right. He should have cleaned the oven and bathroom faster. 'What was wrong with him?' And the lawn mower was just to heavy for him to push at the age of three and he ended up ripping a patch of grass up from leaving the mower there for too long. He knew he would get it when his uncle saw what he had done. "Unpack these now and then get back to finishing your list boy! And no lunch or dinner for you! If you don't want to work hard enough for things in life you don't get anything. " Vernon growled. Harry made his way into the kitchen and started working on the bags that were on the kitchen table. No lunch or dinner this would be the third day in a row he had not received anything but a small piece of toast and a couple glasses of water. While Harry started putting the bags away the Dursley's lounged in the living room drinking lemonade and eating ice cream to stay cool while fanning themselves. Harry wished for once that he had a chance to eat something like ice cream. Or to even sit on the couch, but he knew his place and he was grateful that his Aunt and Uncle even took him in rather than sending him to an orphanage. He wished that his parents were still alive and hadn't been killed in the car crash. He wished that he had somebody who loved him. Harry dreamed of some unknown person coming to take him away, to show him love. However Harry knew he had no one else, the Durlsey's always told him so. He was just Harry, the freaky orphan boy. The boy who was unworthy of love, unworthy of having a family and would be better off if he died with his parents. So lost in his thoughts he hit his head when he climbed up on the counter to put away the olive oil, which was always placed above the refrigerator. His head stung causing him to drop and break the olive oil and fall down on the floor. He laid on the ground paralyzed with pain as to what happened. His back hurt and he knew for sure he would have a massive bruise on his back. His head was throbbing from hitting the kitchen tiles so hard and tiny pieces of glass made his way into his arms and legs from the broken olive oil bottle. He bit back a cry, knowing the Dursley's didn't like it when he made any noise, especially cries, he learned that at a very young age. He swallowed back the sobs of pain and fear that wanted so badly to escape. "You've done it now! Haven't you boy!" Vernon yelled stomping his way into the kitchen. He grabbed Harry crudely by the collar and gripped his bicep so hard he knew an imprint would be made. "I didn't mean to I swear Unwle Ve'non!" Harry cried in both fear and pain. "What you think you can throw a tantrum and break something since you can't have dinner? Huh Boy! Not in my house you ungrateful whelp." Vernon yelled in his face while shaking the young boy. Petunia gasped as she made her way into the kitchen looking out the glass door. "Vernon come quick! The boy has ruined our yard. Look at this mess!" Vernon quickly stomped over rage coursing through his veins at the sight of his yard. A small hole roughly thirteen centimeters was in the middle of his perfect lawn. "What are the neighbors going to think?" Petunia whispered quietly as she thought of the nasty gossip her neighbors would have when they took a look at their lawn. Vernon slowly turned and walked towards the small three year old who was quietly crying in the kitchen. "You bloody freak, I'll kill you for what you've done" He threatened in a low growl. Harry shook with fear. Never had he seen his Uncle so livid. He closed his eyes shut and wished that he had never broken the bottle in the first place. Suddenly just like magic the shards of glass flew in the air and pieced themselves back together while the olive oil went back into the bottle as well. The shards of glass left Harry's skin but the cuts and blood remained. The bottle than placed itself above the refrigerator, just like none of this had ever happened. Harry stood in shock. His emerald eyes glowing from tears, wonder and awe, "Just like magwic" he whispered. That one word is what snapped Uncle Vernon out of his shock. He quickly grabbed the boy by the neck and growled "there is no such thing as magic!" While stomping his way with Harry over to his cupboard he yelled "I'm not having one in the house, Petunia! Didn't we swear when we took him in we'd stamp out this dangerous nonsense?" Uncle Vernon then ripped open the cupboard before throwing Harry roughly inside, banging his head once again on the wall. He then quickly shut the door. "Let's go. Dudley how do you feel about spending the day at the park?" Vernon asked his son nicely. "I don't want to go to the park in this neighborhood, the playground stinks. I want to go to the one across town!" Dudley screamed while stamping his feet. "Of course Duddykins, Mummy and Daddy will bring you to whatever park you'd like and after you can pick the place you want to go to for dinner." Petunia smiled while running her fingers through her sons hair. "I'll meet you in the car" Vernon whispered to his horse-faced wife as she and his son made her way out of the house towards the car. Once they were outside Vernon opened the door grabbing little Harry by the collar. Harry let out a yelp as Uncle Vernon backhanded his face. "Listen to me Boy, you sit in there and think of what you have done. If I see one more freaky thing from you you'll be out of this house before you can blink. Understood? Now I want you to repeat after me, I am a burden who know one will ever love." Harry whimpered biting down on his lower lip to control the sobs that desperately wanted to come out. Harry's heart squeezed at what Uncle Vernon was telling him, knowing it was true, knowing a freak like him didn't deserve love. "I am a burden who no one will eva wove" he repeated quietly, his voice shaken from holding back tears. "Good. Now you can sit in there knowing you deserve this treatment for being a freak, and if you want this to end then I want this freakiness to stop. Uncle Vernon told him before making his way out of the house and locking the front door. Harry whimpered silently in the hot dark cupboard. His uncle had shut the door that allowed some light inside. His cuts were sore to the touch and his head had a rather large lump and he felt like he was going to be sick. The left side of his face also stung and was swollen from his Uncle's fist. It hurt for him to breath deeply since the bruise on