I have no idea where this came from. I regret nothing. Expect OoC-ness. This is like eight years in the future. The characters are bound to have changed in some ways. Italics = Thinking Bold = Nico The water was deafening. The water was silence. Percy opened his sea-green eyes and stared toward the surface. He was in shallow water, it was only 8 feet deep, and so it wasn't too dark. Streams of light from the afternoon sun made their way under the surface; making the water that it touched warm. For a Son of Poseidon, being underwater was as natural as breathing. And Percy took full advantage of that. Being under the sea's steady pressure was the only thing that could help him think. And that was something he didn't really get a chance to do these days. How could he think with all the responsibilities that he had gained over the years? He watched over the camp, training the new Demi-Gods, and keeping the bond between Camp Jupiter and Camp Half-Blood strong. It was a lot to handle, but he wouldn't have any other way, he had been doing it for so long now it came as easily to him as breathing underwater did. After the war against Titans and the War against Gaea, things had settled down quite a bit. The camps continued to co-exist and Demi-Gods were still given quests to keep the monster population in check. And before he knew it, Annabeth was leaving to go live in Camp Jupiter so she could go to college and Percy was left alone to his own devices. At first they talked often while they were apart, and then when Percy's duties kept him away, and Annabeth's classes became more demanding, they eventually decided to call it off. They were still friends, and they talked every now and then. But it wasn't the same as before. Percy did miss Annabeth. They had made it through Tartarus together, something like that isn't just forgotten about easily, but they were at different parts of their lives, and instead of dragging it out, they ended it so they could both move on. He thought he would be upset, but truthfully, looking back, she was his first love, but they were children. They were bound to find different paths to follow. Percy did try to date again, but it never really worked out. He was always so busy that he would end up ignoring whoever he was dating at the time. Or even, embarrassingly enough, forgetting and or being late for dates. And now, at age 25, Percy was sure his love life was not something that was meant to be. And here the Gods promised to make his love life interesting. Someone approached the edge of the water. Percy could sense the blood flowing through the person's body. Yeah. That was something new that had developed over the years. At one point he had been scared at how much his powers were growing, but now he just went with it. If a new ability showed up, he trained, controlled and harnessed it. He sighed (could you even do that underwater?) and kicked off the bottom of the ocean floor, making it to the surface in record time. Jason was standing on the shore. His hands were stuffed in the pockets of his gray sweater, which meant it was probably cold. The water temperature didn't affect Percy, even in fall. But his friends still thought he was crazy for swimming at this time of year anyway. He swam to shore; as soon as he was standing on the sand he willed the water off him, leaving his jeans and orange camp t shirt completely dry. "Hey, man." Jason ran up to him and clapped him on his shoulder, "you've been in there for three hours now. Is everything okay?" Percy looked up at the sun, and sure enough, it was starting to dip below the horizon. "Everything's fine," he said. "I was just thinking." He started back toward camp, Jason following silently behind him. There was a time where someone would laugh and make a quip about him thinking too hard. But after being the leader of the camp for almost eight years, people finally came to understand he wasn't as stupid as he looked. "So why did you come to get me? There's nothing wrong back at camp, is there?" Percy asked him. "No, nothing's wrong. Piper was just concerned that you missed supper again. She's always worried about you these days. Should I be jealous?" Percy laughed and pushed him gently. Ever since Jason had made himself a permanent resident at Camp Half blood, he and Percy had become best friends. Jason was his second in command, and a sturdy pillar to lean on. Piper had become like an advisor to him after Annabeth left, and (not that he would like to admit) but she was there emotionally after his break up with the daughter of Athena. And Leo… He shook his head at the thought. Leo was someone he could always go to if he needed to be cheered up. The guy was always a ball of energy, and his girlfriend, Calypso was no better. He did miss Hazel and Frank. They were still at camp Jupiter, and from what he heard, they were doing just fine. He missed the awkward couple, but he still kept in touch with them as much as possible. He resisted the urge to run his fingers along his S.P.Q.R tattoo. It burned every time he thought of Camp Jupiter, like it was trying to call him back there. There was one person he hadn't seen in forever, and that was the one and only elusive Nico di Angelo. After the war with Gaea was over, Nico stuck around long enough to make sure the camp was stable, before telling Percy his 'secret', and disappearing like the shadows he traveled in. His secret, which Percy had caught onto long before poor Nico worked up the courage to tell him, was the fact that he was gay. Percy knew that, but what he didn't know was that the fourteen year old boy had a crush on him. That surprised him, and if anything, it made him sad. He felt bad that Nico had obviously been beating himself up over his feelings, and Percy had gone on without noticing it. It must have been painful to hold something like that in. And then when Nico had gone and finally confessed his feelings, Percy did the dumbest thing he could have done. He went speechless. His mouth wasn't able to form any words to reply. It wasn't out of disgust, but more out of surprise. But Nico took it in the worst way possible, and he disappeared from the surface world. Percy had no doubt that the son of Hade's was down in the underworld somewhere, brooding. Not even Hazel had seen him. At least that's what she told Percy. More than anything he wanted to make up with Nico. They had been friends once, and even with all the betrayals and the heartache, he enjoyed his company. But if Nico wanted to hide away in the underworld, there was no way Percy could go after him. Not only was it impossible, he had no desire to beget the wrath of Hade's. "Percy. Hello…?" Percy jumped as Jason poked his ribs. "Sorry," he said, trying to get his bearings. "I was lost in thought again." He was surprised to see that they were already standing in front of his cabin. He couldn't even remember walking across the camp. "Thinking about Nico again?" Jason asked in a sly tone. Percy frowned at him. "What's it to you, Grace?" Jason smiled at him, trying to act cute. "Oh nothing, I just wondering. You see, you get this dreamy look in your eyes every time you think about him…" Jason was lucky he had learned to teleport (how cool was that?) because Percy would have punched him if he hadn't move out of the way. The smiling fool waved at him from thirty feet away and yelled, "don't deny your feelings, we all know you have a big ol' crush on Nico!" With his point made, he skipped off before Percy could chase after him and beat the crap out of him. Percy grumbled and opened the door to his cabin. He didn't even bother taking off his clothes as he collapsed on the bed and closed his eyes. He resented the fact that Jason thought he had a crush on Nico. The last time he had seen the guy was eight years ago, he'd probably changed just as much as Percy had. And it wasn't even a crush! Sure he thought about Nico a lot. And wondered where he was. And what he looked like now. Gah! He rolled over and buried his face into his pillow. He was twenty five years old. And he liked girls. Well okay, maybe his Greek genes made him open to looking at other guys, but that wasn't really his fault. With those last comforting thoughts, he allowed himself to drift off. And he was immediately tugged into a dream. He was sitting on his bed, in his cabin, and for some reason the lights were all off. But even in the darkness he could make out the shadowed figure of Hade's leaning against the wall opposite to him. The God of the underworld looked almost like the corpses he ruled over. His black hair was brushed back and was shoulder length; it stood out against his skin that was so white it resembled something that looked more like alabaster stone rather than living flesh. His black robes billowed out around him like silk, the tortured faces of evil souls starred at Percy like they were accusing him of something. But the worst thing was Hade's eyes, they were as black as the Stygian armor Percy had often seen him wear, and there was a dangerous glint in his eyes. You weren't sure if you were looking in the eyes of a genius or a madman. "Great, this looks like the start to every nightmare I've ever had." The trickling of his fountain was the only sound between them for a few seconds, before Hade's spoke. "I need you to do something for me." Hade's voice held no indication that Percy would be given a choice in the matter. Percy scoffed at him, "and what makes you think I'd do anything for you?" Hades face contorted in anger, but he managed to keep his temper at bay. "I've become aware of your…" His expression changed, and if Percy didn't know any better, he's say the God looked… uncomfortable? "—your feelings for my son." Percy didn't have anything to say now. He sat there silently; waiting for Hade's to continue. He tried not to look too embarrassed, even though all he wanted to do was smother himself in his pillow. "My son, Nico, he's become disagreeable of late." Hade's expression changed back to anger, the souls on his robes mirroring his own. "He's went back into Tartarus and never returned, and unfortunately his mortal body died." "Died—?!" Hade's held up a hand, cutting him off. "Compose yourself, Demi-God. I haven't finished." Percy said nothing, but he did curl his fists, his nails digging into his palms. "As you know, we as parents are not allowed to directly interfere with our children's lives. And so instead of getting my brother all in a tizzy, I've decided to enlist your help." Those last few words appeared to hurt the God. "But what can I do?" Percy asked him. "I can't bring back the dead, and besides, I'm the leader of this camp, I can't just leave." "So you're willing to leave Nico's soul to wander about Tartarus for eternity?" Percy didn't need to think about