To Right the Wrongs Committed A younger looking man, for only a man could hold himself the way that he did, looked over a massive piece of stone. On it winding patterns of shapes written in a dark red were expanding from a circle three meters exactly in diameter. The runes inscribed were perfect, for them to not be was not an option. But yet the man still checked for he knew that he would only get one shot at what he was about to do. He nodded once and started stripping. The ritual would only be sending back non tangibles so everything that he was wearing had to come off. He glanced at the pile of clothes and then they were gone, transported to another plane. Of course dimensions were not technically tangible in the place where he was unless he wanted them to be, so they could still be accessed from where he was going. Calmly the man floated into the center circle and got into a lotus position to meditate. He knew that he would have to meditate for a decent amount of time if the ritual were to go as would be needed. Breathing in and out evenly the man slipped into his mindscape and when he felt himself sit down in a chair he allowed himself to relax. The ritual that he was doing required no active magic except for the rituals so he would have to wait for 7 days and nights to go by before proceeding. He glanced around and realized that there was nothing for him to do. So doing only what someone with all the time in the world could do he started making plans and organizing his mind so that another could accept the information as easily as possible. He grimaced as he looked over his long lifetime. It would be mine numbing and tedious to go over all of it so he created copies of himself to help. As one they started sorting, 21 for each subject that he wished to be sorted. One as the leader that would look over everything to make sure it was arranged correctly, ten for the highly important information sorting and another ten for all of his other memories relating back to the subject. He joined them and started on basic martial arts. If there was one thing he learned was that to never underestimate anything during a fight because it can get you, or more specifically someone close to you, killed. He grimaced at the stray thought and fought not to remember exactly how true that could be. The man rolled his shoulders back and popped everything. He went over to the main control panel and surveyed it. It showed his mind in its entirety, with a screen dedicated to a specific thing. On one it showed his active defenses around his mind. 4 black holes surrounding a sphere, which repeated hundreds of times where there were billions of black holes each protecting a sphere. Then beneath that 3 supermassive black holes, which should have made his entire mind impossible to see but he had the seams of the black holes melded together by quart- gluon plasma burning at around 5,499,999,999,726.85o Celsius. ( A/N) Yes, this really is possible, it happened at CERN in 2012 so fuck off.) Inside of the area beneath the supermassive black holes was a trunk with enchantments that were trillions of years old accomplished under time dilation. These enchantments identified blood, magical core, eyes, skin cells, a specific speech pattern, a specific music pattern, and a specific beat making it nearly impossible to break. He could have said completely impossible but did not want to tempt Murphy. Inside of the trunk there would be one of two things. Either literal hell magnified by twenty (whatever that person defined as hell) along with those that they considered dear to them torturing them or another set of billions of black holes with spheres underneath them as could be seen the first time. This repeated for a total of 5, 764, 801 times altogether. Of course the man could just hop straight into his mind so he had no need for going through each of the holes, but he knew that even with knowing all of the correct trunks and throwing all of his considerable power at it, the time it would take to actually reach his mind was in the millions of years. He was very bored when he decided to test it. The second screen showed an overview of his mindscape inside of the trunk. In one part of it there was a huge building looking like a library, in the opposite direction there was a fort that looked like it could take several thermo-nuclear bombs to it and shrug it off. In reality it could take the power of several supermassive black holes before buckling at all. In the adjacent part there was a huge training grounds where millions of people were either training in one form or another or writing stuff down in notebooks. These were copies of the man and the mental people were keeping up muscle memory, while the writers were coming up with new ideas, theories, and inventions for the man to use. In the opposite part from this adjacent to the previous two places was a huge metal sphere. A random boom would come from it and inside were hundreds of the man who were testing different ideas and inventions that the writers in aforementioned section had thought of. The man was residing in the book place organizing everything with clones of himself. He again grew bored after the many hours of sorting and decided to explore to see what was going in the other areas; so he made a clone to take over for him and slipped out and went over to the training area. He saw what he had expected. Half of the clones were working on martial arts imprinting the movement into his mind and keeping his muscle memory up to date. This also had the advantage of allowing him to combine multiple different styles of fighting all through muscle memory making it hyper efficient. The other half were reading different texts to commit them to his memory completely. While he did not have a photographic memory if the clones read something enough times or viewed a memory enough times then it would be committed to memory never to be forgotten even if he was obliviated. He smirked slightly and moved on to the bunker looking thing. The man glanced at it longingly but knew that he could not go into it at this time; to do so would push magic out of him and cause him to wait another 7 days and that was something that he had no wish to do. Concentrating for a second the man realized only around 30 minutes had passed on the outside world. The man heaved a sigh and went back to the library. Sometimes it was great that inside his mind time was much faster than outside but other times it was a massive pain in the ass. 6 Days, 23 hours, and 30 minutes later outside of the mindscape The man opened his eyes and blinked several times so that they could get used to the light around him. Grunting the man slowly clambered to his feet and started popping everything getting his body relaxed enough after sitting for so long. 'At least this time no spider had decided to go inside his pants and try to make a nest' the man reflected and shivered slightly. While he had seen, hell actually done, things far creepier he still was more than a little freaked out to find a spider web near his genitals. Clearing his head the man looked around at the runes surrounding him and was satisfied that nothing had been disturbed during his meditation he rolled his shoulders once more and started to chant. "Movere animum movent animum movere potentiam in tempore" he chanted before taking another breath and repeating it. Increasingly over time it seemed to get faster. The chant in and of itself was very simple however the runes that actually helped him accomplish what he wanted to get done were horrendously difficult. Each one had a specific place and a centimeter out of place would be the difference between going back and blowing up the Milky Way. And no that was not actually exaggerating, considering how much power he had to channel for this ritual. Over and over he chanted this slowly increasing the tempo. Eventually he was going so fast that no one but him could tell when the chanted sentence stopped and a new one began. The air around the man seemed to start swirling out of the pure power that was being channeled. No mortal man could stand the power flowing through this chamber much less actually channel it into something constructive. The chanting started lowering in volume until it was but a mere whisper but still definitely there. If one were able to look at the runes on the ground they would have seen them changing from the dark red that they were before to a lighter red. This light red lightened even more becoming a light pink. The pink also slowly, oh so slowly, started getting lighter. When the man had started to decrease volume it was nearly white, halfway through the whispering that the man was doing it WAS white and was slowly becoming brighter. The chanting slowly tapered off and the man opened his eyes. It was so bright that it felt like he was trying to stare into the sun. All of the runes on the ground had lit up and were removed from the floor leaving behind burn marks and had floated into the air. The man looked down and saw that his feet were fading. Not disappearing, no fading leaving behind an after shadow that would also eventually fade. This worried the man because according to all of the research he had done the process should have been instantaneous. He knew there was no stopping the ritual now and prepared for the pain. It hit. It was indescribable. He had been tortured with hundreds of Cruciatius' cast at the power of Morgan Le Fey and that was an insect bite compared to this. Having his soul sucked out by the King of the Dementor's had felt like a mere pinch on the ear compared to this. The man stayed standing for he was fading faster now and had lost nearly all of his lower body. The fading reach his mid core area and the pain doubled. How you may ask? He had no idea but it happened. The man opened his mouth to scream but nothing came out. His lungs had faded so there was no oxygen for him to scream with. There were no thought going through his head other than pain, otherwise he may have wondered how he was still conscious, then the fading reached his neck. It consumed his head and there was nothing left of the man that remained. The runes flared brighter as if this was only the beginning and if only that weren't true. Particles started to appear and disappear as if a light show were occurring and they started to swirl ibn a vortex. A tiny hole black as night opened slightly above the circle where the man had chanted. The particle had started to slip through, after about 1/8 had went through the hole seemed to start acting like a vacuum slowly sucking up the particles. This continued on for several more minutes and eventually there was a massive flash of light when the hole closed and everything exploded. The Milky Way HAD exploded apparently but just not before the man left. Over the top of a set of leaning rocks a tiny hole appeared that made