Hey guys, This story has been with me for a long time. Since 2013 I think... I thought it time to get out of the box, but tell me what you think? I know there are going to be grammatical mistakes (But I don't have a beta, sooo be nice please). This has been an on-off story for almost a year, because I get busy with work and university making it a short story, but a long time coming you know? ~ GR Check out these amazing artists Playlist: Coffins -Mister Wives | If I Be Wrong -Wolf Larsen | Ghost Lights – Wood Kid | Ten Feet Tall -Wrabel | Lullabye –Billy Joel Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better. – Jim Rohn He's Home- Katniss I woke up this morning realizing that Peeta never did have what it takes to sit back & be "average" he was born for greatness… and I hated every minute of knowing. But as I hunt today I hear the capitol motto say, "Don't quite. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion." It's only been a month since he was reaped for the 74th Hunger Games. Peeta fought hard and like they say you reap what you sow. They tried to take him from us, but because of his fearlessness he learned to recognize the capitol illusions from the real thing. He became wise and won… Winning at a cost solely to his mind. Peeta came home a month ago, but the other twenty-two tributes never can come home. His future has been created by what they lost. I'm Wrong Peeta You would think after I came home. After I won. After sacrificing myself things would have changed. But around here I'm just segregated again. Put into a more complex box, shut away from the rest of my district. Someone who killed twenty-two other children, who would want someone like me? I've come home to nothing and no one. That's why I'm outside today in the woods. What more could the capital do to hurt me? My mind and body were already damaged before I left twelve, and now it's just a little more obvious. That's why I'm out here. Sitting on a slab of rock, readily surrounded by dense forest of oaks. Being here calms me, and lets me write without interruptions from Haymitch. The woods give me the chance to breathe, and to forget for a little while that I might be broken beyond repair. So I come here to write, paint, scream and drift from reality. I come here to think and write about a girl. Tell me if I'm wrong Tell me if I'm right Tell me if you need a loving hand To help you fall asleep tonight Tell me if I know Tell me if I do Tell me how to fall in love the way you want me to I'll wake with coffee in the morning But she prefers no sugar and a cup of tea Outside the day is up and calling But I don't have to be so, please go back to sleep Stay with me forever Or you could stay with me for now Love at Heart Katniss He told me before the reaping that he liked me, although he'd never get the chance to act on it. So I kissed his cheek. He sounded chilling as he volunteered for Gale, however; he looked strong as he stood on that stage. So I lifted my hand into the sky. He breathed a sigh of relief when I can in, but only shouted when I told him he was stupid for volunteering. So I whispered that I couldn't live without him. He didn't know what I meant and only wished I would live happily, and I said I'd never know what it was to survive without him. So he kissed he and said he would come home. Motivational Truth Peeta Sometimes I'll catch glimpses of her in the forest. We'll sit near one another on what is now our slab of rock. She hugged me the first time she saw me here- in her woods no less. The next few times she still seemed to be surprised that someone could love this thicket of trees as much as she did. By now Katniss knows that if I didn't have this or her I wouldn't be here anymore. So as my drifting thoughts come to an end, and I put my papers, pencils, and paints away I see her coming up towards me. She's coming uphill towards me not surprising me by carrying her game bag as well. I wonder if we'll talk today, I need to talk to someone- I'm desperate. She lays her bag next to her feet and comes to sit next to me, leaning her shoulder against mine. Reminding me that she is here today. She starts our talk today, and that's rare. " I missed you today." I'm still quite. I can't know if this is true. I think it's true, I want it to be true, and she only confirms this with a peck on the cheek. " Peeta come on back, " I snap my head that those worries, so eerily familiar. From the last time I saw her before the games. " I'm worried about you. Do you want to talk about it?", this is too odd coming from her mouth. Katniss normally doesn't want to talk about feelings. Doesn't want to express any public adoration. But she's must be bothered about me if she's willing to ask. " Why can't I be seen with you in the district? ". I've asked this since the second day I started seeing her. She must try avidly to stay away from me outside of the woods, but it's not like me to wonder into town much these days. I want you to come home with me at night Katniss. I want you to be there when I wake up wondering if you're okay. I want you to need me almost as much as I crave you now. But I don't tell any of these things. I need her now and with what she feels like she can give me. " Peeta… I'm trying." Her hand comes to my face, cupping my cheek to turn my face towards her own. " I care about you too much. I have for a long time now, and volunteering for Gale is in no way, shape, or form the reason." She takes her time to lean forward and breathe me in as her forehead leans onto mine. " The past six months have been my strength, and you have given me so much- She's starting to tear up- " you are aware of my flaws, but tell me I'm beautiful. You help me to learn from my mistakes and make me fearless, and because of that I'm more of a lover, because I've felt hate for what's been done to you." " I'm just so confused right now." She paused. I know what she really meant. When she wasn't with me or with her family she was with Gale. Gale, a boy whom I had volunteered for in a hope that he would continue to keep the Everdeen family safe. " I can't do this right now. I thought I could handle this, but I can't. Damn you Katniss, I know I'm supposed to be like how I was before but I can't anymore. Watching you actively ignore me is killing me." I started move away from her and away from our rock surely trudging back to my house of solitude would be better than this. "Peeta-" That's when I realized that even though she made me happy, and I made her happy there were things that I could never demand from her. I'm not good at hiding feelings from her anymore, so I do what saved me in the arena- I run. Don't Look Down Katniss One more minute, that's all I would have needed to convince him. Dammit Katniss, you even had it planned today. I reach into my game bag and pull out the meager lunch I had remembered to bring- for us. Couldn't he have waited one more minute, or maybe I could have been straightforward. Of course he was going to think of Gale if I told him I was confused right now. But I don't know how to tell him that's not what I'm confused about. How do I explain that I've never been sure why it is that he loves me? He told Panem in his interview that he loved a girl back home so much that she'd never forgive him if he died. So he charmed the nation, managed to score an eight from training, and showed that a baker could be even more deadly than a hunter. Especially if you give him knives- that's how the first four underestimated him. He cried when his district partner died and he looked broken as little Rue gasped here last breath, and raged when he accidentally killed a girl from five. For the rest of my life I'll hear his screams as Cato gouged his shoulder. I'll see Peeta shakily grasp at his bow and struggle to notch the arrow that he killed two careers. He shot straight. Disregard, Disobey, & Defy Peeta I woke up this morning realizing that I don't have what it takes to sit back and be average. I have to act as though I had been born for greatness. I have to ignore the fact that I've been disregarded for most of my life. The son that should've been a daughter, the boy that shouldn't have loved, a tribute who was supposed to die, and a man who should have been treated as a boy. I started to hate every minute of my time in district twelve, but I kept telling myself "Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as the man who made others' happy". I suppose my unhappiness wasn't uncommon in the district. It's nice to be ignored at least I know that no one cares, so I don't have to pretend to be crushed when the tour starts. She hasn't come and I haven't called. This breaking away thing has been less unpleasant than imaginable. I've learned that I never really knew what it meant to love someone. My family was the worst example possible. In a way we only tolerated each other all of us expect mother. I took glances out my window and learned so much. Katniss liked to wear something green whether a dyed and frayed piece of leather band, or a shirt obviously her father's. When the sun beat on her she tended to whistle to keep the exhaustion at bay. As she walked daily to and from town she tended to lean on her right heel- maybe her hips were sore from crouching? One day early morning I walked to the train station with my head in the clouds. Hoping that my supply of paints was coming in this batch. But there on the benches she sat. Neither of us said a word, only the sound of our breathing could have given us away. I inhaled and exhaled the brisk morning air over and over, until it distracted me from what I was seeing. That was up until she stood up. This moment was my make or break, and a normal person is said to only have one or two of those in a lifetime. This had to be another one of those instances. This was it I had to do something. A whoosh of air was crushed out of my chest. Arms were clenching around my neck. I wanted to run and also hug her back at the same time. But this moment couldn't have been more perfect because I didn't need