Rachel Simons sat in potions class picking at the dirt in her nails from Herbology that morning, and listening to her professor as he paced around near the front of the class. She was tired today, and couldn't seem to concentrate. Break ups are exhausting she thought. The last nearly 3 years of her life had been spent with Declan, and she really had no idea of how to proceed since he ended it last night. He had been her first boyfriend, and that meant she had never had a break up before. It all felt confusing and a bit hopeless, if she was honest with herself. She was surprised that she still hadn't cried, she thought she ought to have. Something is probably wrong with me. Her eyes closed and she rubbed her forehead in frustration. She just didn't want to think about it anymore. Her mind needed a break. She tried to shake it out of her head and put her attention back on her class. Professor Snape was giving his lecture for today's lesson in his usual way, yet as her mind wandered away from what he was saying about Galpolott's Third Law, she wondered if people like him ever cried. He was after all, just a human being like everyone else, but his aura of detached cruelty and intimidation made one forget that. He was the youngest teacher at Hogwarts by many years, yet his personality was akin to a grumpy old man scowling at a friendly smile, and muttering angrily at passing children playing. Of all her teachers, he was the most curious. Did he ever laugh at jokes? Tear up when reading a touching story? Did he enjoy sweets? She let out a small puff of air through her nose in amusement as she suddenly pictured Professor Snape skipping down the lane with a lollipop in his layers of black robes. Then her mind wandered to where he must live. Maybe he had a dark, dingy home to match his personality. Probably with a wood paneled library filled with text books and stores of sinister concoctions. Did he sleep in simple, single bed? Or a grand four poster with heavy drapes and satin sheets stamped with Slytherin emblems? And what on earth did he wear to bed? Certainly he wasn't always draped in all those layers of robes . "Am I to assume you're under some sort of enchantment that prohibits you from speaking and keeps that especially dimwitted expression on your face, Miss Simons?" She snapped out of it at the mention of her name. The entire class was staring, Professor Snape was standing much closer than he had been when she had last noticed, all of his menacing focus on her. He did not look happy. "Um, oh... Sorry Professor. What was the question?" "I will not repeat myself, but to ensure you do not forget the details of this lesson- which is apparently below your interest- you will write 12 inches of parchment on Golpalott's Laws and which in particular relate to the material in today's chapter. To be completed by tomorrow. Do you understand?" He was close enough that she could see the details of his black eyes, they seemed darker than usual. "Yes, Professor. But I don't have class again until Thursday afternoon-" "Then you will just have to find the time in your busy schedule to bring it in tomorrow, before lunch, is that clear Miss Simons?" "Yes, Professor." She was released from his gaze finally, as he swept back up to the front of the class. She let out the breath she hadn't realized she'd been holding. He had snapped insults at her before, like he had with most of his students, Gryffindors in particular, and it never really bothered her. This time though, she felt a bit shaken, not sure of why. She inwardly scolded herself. 'Because this time it interrupted thoughts of him in underclothes.' Something was definitely wrong with her. After class was over she headed down to lunch, and it was then she realized that she wouldn't be meeting Declan in the common room to walk to the Great Hall together like usual. Which means they probably wouldn't be sitting together, which meant, where would she sit? She had sat with Declan, his friends Rory and Sam, and Sam's girlfriend Mae for the last 2 years. And while she was friendly with all of them, now that she really thought about it they were 'his' friends, and they would definitely stick with him if there were sides to be taken. Oh, how ridiculous. She told herself as she set off toward the stairs leading out of the dungeons . We are mature, eighteen year olds in our seventh year, Dec and I have been friends since we were 11 and have spent nearly every day together since we were 15. There is no reason our friendship has to change, nor is there any need for sides at all. She decided then that she'd march into the Great Hall and sit down where she always had and laugh and joke and eat with her friends as she always had. As soon as she saw him though, through the noisy lunch crowd, that resolve weakened. Her feet stuck, standing in the large doorway, the words he'd said to her the night before replayed in her head. "Things have been rough between us for a while now, haven't they? Like… you're different, or maybe I'm different, I don't know. And we've got our last NEWT's coming up, we're all stressed and overwhelmed as it is, and I just want…I just think we should put our relationship on hold, for now. Let's just take a step back and we'll both be better for it, don't you think?" At first she had argued, but she had been so shocked that couldn't really think of what to say. After all he didn't really even give her a reason; or rather he gave a lot of little ones. And she had been so confused she had just conceded. Then he had hugged and kissed her and walked away. She took a deep breath and walked to her spot at the Gryffindor table and sat down where Declan and Sam were in the middle of a heated conversation about the Chuddley Cannons new Beater. See? Just another day . Then, silence. "Hey Rach!" said Mae, in a overly cheerful tone trying to buffer the discomfort. "Hey. Snape was in a right foul mood today, gave me extra work just for not hearing him when he asked me a question! It's not like I'm the first one to drift off a little during a lecture. Git. Anyway, it's Ravenclaw we play tonight, right? What time are we heading down to the pitch?" No one responded. Declan seemed oddly interested in poking at his dish, and Sam and Rory exchanged a quick glance. Rachel felt her cheeks start burn. "What?" No one responded. She snapped her head towards Declan. "Well, what is it?" He kept his eyes on his eggs. The fact that he wouldn't even look at her was absolutely infuriating. Mae spoke again. "We just didn't know if you two would really …want to sit together, at the game today, Rach. We thought, maybe it'd be a good idea to give it a few days, ya know?" "Give what a few days? I am not the one who seems to have the problem. Why m I being singled out? What the bloody hell did I do to any of you?" When no one answered, she grabbed her bag and stormed away. There was nothing else she could think to say and they obviously weren't going to give her answers or make this easy for her. She hadn't quite made it out of the great Hall before her eyes were welling up. Losing a boyfriend is one thing, but losing every friend you have too? It's not like she had any to spare. Why did she spend every spare moment she had with Declan for the last two years? She'd have probably kept more friends if she'd given it some effort. She felt so foolish, and angry towards Declan for treating her this way. Almost 3 years together, being each other's firsts in every sense of the word, and he treats her like some acquaintance the very next day. "Acquisition." The fat lady yawned and swung open for her. She headed up the staircase to her dorm, sat on the bed and looked blankly around. Her 3 roommates' beds were neatly made and empty. These girls should be my friends , she thought. The one across from her belonged to Mae, and that was apparently now out of the question. The bed to her right belonged to Rima Fagan. Who was nice enough, but a bit giggly for her taste. She was a short, pretty girl, who had taught Rachel about some spells for fixing your hair, and helped her do her makeup before. She'd even showed her how to transfigure your skirt to shorten a few inches, but be unnoticeable to the staff. Rachel had politely passed on that. Rima had been with her boyfriend Hugo Pierre, a Ravenclaw boy, for just about as long as Rachel and Declan had been together. She spent most of her time with him. The last bed, to the left, belonged to Sabine Stronach. She was quiet, and had made it very clear since the beginning of school she wasn't interested in friendly small talk with her roommates. She spent most of her time in the library, and with a couple of girls from Slytherin. She had dark brown hair, with thick bangs cut sharply just above her black rimmed glasses, her face always seeming expressionless. No, no prospects of budding friendships to be found here. Rachel told herself that she just had to make it through the school year ( just under 3 months left!), do well on her NEWTs, then she'd be out of Hogwarts and they could all bugger off. They had testing all next week for their current classes, and the week after- the last quarter of the year began, along with the last classes she'd ever take at Hogwarts. She took out her planner and a quill and decided to figure out where she could schedule in some extra studying. Mondays/Wednesdays: One hour of advanced Transfiguration, followed by one hour of Charms. Lunch, then 2 hours of Arithmancy. Tuesdays/Thursdays: Advanced Herbology down in the green houses, followed by double Potions. Lunch, then Defense Against the Dark Arts in the late afternoon. Fridays were her favorite days as far as classes went. She had Advanced History of Magic followed by Study of Historical Magical Artifacts; her two favorite subjects, and where her academic passions lie. She had the rest of the day free until Astronomy, which was ten to midnight. Most of the students didn't like the class, usually falling asleep at their telescopes or annoyed at missing Friday night social activities. But Rachel thought the night sky was an absolutely beautiful thing to have to stare up at. She found it calming. After scribbling down some study times in her planner, she scanned her bed for the light blue Advanced Potions book. Opening it up, she got to work on the assignment Professor Snape had given her, and finished in less than an hour. She still had a couple of hours until her DADA class, and wanted a break from starting at text. Rachel turned her head towards the small window and looked towards the grounds. It was a warm day for the first week of April, so she decided she'd get outside for a bit and clear her head. After putting away her things she walked through the common room toward the portrait hole. It was relatively empty, as most students were in afternoon classes at this time, save