So what up all you lovely people, it's me, My Words Live, welcoming you to a brand new story which I hope all of you will love and enjoy. For those of you who have been reading this series, the Final Rebellion will be coming out right after this story. And I have to say, both of the last stories, (Final Rebellion parts 1 and 2) are going to be AMAZING. So read and review, let me know what you think, and remember to check out my Co-Author, My Words Speak. Thank you all so much, 안녕히 가세요 ! Prologue "I know I've said it many times, but I am honored to be the head Gamemaker." "I think you've earned it. You were far more useful than Mikah ever was." Shark Valler grimaced. "She did an abysmal job two years ago." "Yes. Now the reason I called you here. You received my memo?" "Yes sir." "This is a list of known rebel districts." Snow handed over a thin sheet of paper. Shark scanned the list quickly. "Umm Sir... these are ALL the districts." "Exactly," Snow grumbled. "Now the reason I called you here is this: which District should I send her to?" "1 or 2?" "No, too noticeable." "3, 5, 7, 8, 9, or 10?" "Too obscure." "12?" "That Abernathy would figure out something was going on." "4?" Snow contemplated that for a minute. Then he said, "I knew I made a good choice in promoting you." District 1 Pyros Djokovic was a proud member of the Djokovic clan, one of the most ancient and well respected families in Panem next to the Snows, of course. He was the best of the best, and he never wasted an opportunity to remind anyone he could of that. The morning of the reaping he woke up and and stretched as he looked out the window. He saw a small boy, he looked about twelve years old, in the Djokovics' back yard. He jerked open the large screen door and stepped out onto the patio still in his expensive white robe and slippers and yelled at the boy, "WHAT IN THE NAME OF THE DJOKOVICS DO YOU THINK YOUR DOING!" The boy looked up in terror. He was scrawny and underfed. "You filthy mongrel!" Pyros sputtered. "You are not worthy enough to dig through the trash bins of the Djokovics!" His parents had held a massive party the night before to celebrate the only son of the Djokovic clan going to the Hunger Games, and the boy had been about to eat the remains of someone's cake. "Go begone with you, you... you dirty muttation! And do not let your filth defile the house of the Djokovics as long as your sorry hide might live!" HE went inside, feeling as if he had done his duty to keep the house of the Djokovics free of the filth and dirt that defiled most of the rest of district 1 Cyan Rubyon was now 15 years old. Three years prior, her older sister Sapphire had been killed in the very Games that Cyan was now training for. Three years ago when she had watched her sister die she had been an ignorant, puny weakling. Now she was a force to be reckoned with. With her high pitched grunt that was her signature fighting niche, she hurled a spear straight into the heart of a dummy. Her sister had made a terrible mistake. Jealousy. Some other girl had been against the Careers and the leader of the Careers, who had ended up being the Victor, had fallen for her instead. So Cyan had spent the long years since the 76th games training to be a ruthless fighter, and while she was doing that she had also, slowly but steadily, began to put up walls around her heart. She was an impenetrable fortress. No one could reach her, no one could touch her. That way she could not meet her sister's downfall. (Little did she know what she thought was her strength would be her undoing) No one had ever found the escort Jettson, so the substitute escort, Rosalinda, had become the permanent escort for district 1. Rosalinda did the usual introductions while Cyan stood there like a sentinal that had been called to guard there. She was feeling no emotion even though she was about to make a life changing decision, because of the unbreakable barriers that now stood around her heart. "Polish Columbious," "I volunteer." Everyone in the crowd whirled around to see where the hard, flinty voice had come from and were surprised to see a fifteen year old girl as the origin of the sound. "Alright then, what's your name?" "Cyan Rubyon." Rosalinda of course, had not escorted Sapphire and did not remember her, but the rest of the district did. "Now moving on to the boys!" Pyros nodded and breathed in deeply, ready to bellow the fateful words of I Volunteer, and Rosalinda read, "Pyros Djokivic." "I volunteer!" Yelled another boy. Pyros almost screamed in anger when he saw it was Michael Lucian, the boy he had been rivals with since their first basketball game against each other in third grade. "You filthy DOG!" Pyros barked in outrage. How dare that Lucian kid steal his place! "It's my year!" Michael retorted, equally angry. "I VOLUNTEER MYSELF FOR MYSELF!" Pyros proclaimed at the top of his lungs. He was going to win the Hunger Games and there was nothing anyone could do to stop him! District 2 Patten Alrod was only fifteen, but he was certain he could take any adult. After the whole scheme with Andi flopped, Mr Alrod had gone to a devastated Patten and convinced him it was for the best that he become a Career to go win the Hunger Games and avenge his sister's death. The then twelve-year-old Patten had given into his father's wishes and every day, every moment, trained long and hard for the day when he would finally get revenge on the people who had killed his sister. As he lifted his usual morning weights, he thought about three years ago. He had been such an idiot, thinking his sister could actually win. She had been weak! Love had made her a weak tribute with no backbone! Patten Alrod was only fifteen, but he had been completely and, some thought, beyond repair, brainwashed. Alexandria Felicia Beatrix Westhrop was a girl with an unnecessarily long name, and a tendency to threaten you with the large, serrated knife she always had strapped to her belt loop. Some days she was an invincible warrior. But some days she was just like any other teenage girl: full of emotions and confused about where she fit in with the rest of District 2. Those were the days when you didn't want to cross her. The reaping day was one of those days. She headed down to her gym and ran laps while her mind was a confused mess. There's only one way to find out who I am, she thought. It's the way I always believed. The Hunger Games. The Hunger Games. If I go to the Hunger Games I will finally find what I have been looking for... Her identity. She had been searching for so long, and the day when she would volunteer was finally at hand... I hope it's worth it. She shook her head to clear the thought. It was the Hunger Games! Of course it would be worth it! Java, the long time escort of District 2, arrived at the town square right on time as usual. She made the usual introductions, and then went over to the girls' reaping ball. "Lorianna White." "I...I..." No! Now was the time to be strong! "I VOLUNTEER!" "And we have a volunteer! What is your name?" "Alexandria Westhrop." Her father had told her to not use her full name, because it would make her seem like an "airhead." "Lovely, now you can stand right up here..." Alexandria felt like the skyline of District 2 was getting hazy and distant, but maybe it was just the importance of what she had just done. She was finally on her way to the Games. "Now, our boy tribute for this year is-" "I VOLUNTEER!" A fifteen year old boy stepped out of the crowd. Achilles, who was onstage in an overstuffed chair, leaned forward, straining to see the boy. "...Your name?" Java finished the question she had started while Achilles was preoccupied. "Patten Alrod," A strangled cry came from Achilles. NO! NOOO! Not her brother! He... he volunteered! He hadn't felt the pain that bad since he won his Games. Afterwards it had been a dull ache. Until now. District 3 The week before Seth Walton had been in the woods with some of the guys and they had been making fun of his nonexistent athletic ability. Lucas Martin had kept elbowing him painfully in the ribs and saying, "Ohh did that hurt? Well Sorry Walton, what doesn't kill you makes you stronger!" Then the others laughed in their annoying way. Seth had rubbed his aching stomach and then decided it was about time to go, it was a bad idea doing that. The guys had been mean to him ever since their "leader's" death. It had been better before he died. He had been the only one who had ever accepted Seth for who he was and not if he did their homework for him. After their leader's death, that had been the policy: you do our homework and we don't beat you to a pulp. "Well I've got to go," Seth had said, but Lucas grabbed his shoulder and didn't let him go. "I know, Lucas. I'll do your homework," he sighed. "No Walton. I think instead of homework, tonight we want you to do something else." "I agreed to do your homework, that's it," Seth said irritably, trying to jerk away from Lucas's grasp, but he held firm. Lucas gave him a look that said, If you don't do this all bets are off and you'll be lucky to be alive tomorrow. Seth, whose hands had gone clammy, said shakily, "What?" "Climb that tree." Lucas pointed up at the tallest oak tree in the woods. Seth slowly walked at the tree, wiping his sweaty hands on his pants. He grasped a low hanging branch and lifted himself up onto it. Then the first rock came. It whistled by his left ear, missing, but barely. Then more came, a whole barrage of pebbles and other smaller rocks. They battered him, and his wire-rimmed glasses fell to the forest floor. Seth sat helpless on the first branch, but he knew what he had to do. Get higher. He reached up for a higher branch. He almost had it when... WHAM. He felt like he had been punched in the stomach by King Kong. He had landed hard on the forest floor, and Lucas laughed and high fived the other guys. Then they left, and Lucas took care to tread on Seth's fingers with his bulky hunting boots. Allie Sorren's twelfth birthday had finally arrived. She woke up with a feeling of joy in the pit of her stomach as she came down to breakfast, where her mom had made caramel rolls piled high on a blue plate, and a brightly colored box was on the table. She spent no time on breakfast, eating all her caramel rolls in less than five minutes, then she opened the box. It was not a big box, but her face lit up in joy when she saw what was in it. It was one of those music chips that was tiny enough to be concealed in a flake of glitter, but can hold hours of songs. "This is so cool!" She exclaimed. Music had been a part of Allie's life since she was four years old and decided she had wanted to be a