BAH BAH BAH! Ok, so this is Aspen Jarvasan's story of Hunger Games. If You've read my 76th,(Which you all should) he's a mentor for District 4 and is awesome. This was my first story I've really ever wrote... So cut me some slack. If the grammar is bad, I'm sorry. So... I think I'm going to do this in one giant catastrophe, 'cause in my standards It's short. Read and Review! Remember, this is just a bunch of Background for Aspen. My first thought once awoke today: I have to get up and go fishing. That is how my life always has been and probably always will be. My name is Aspen Jarvasan, and I live in Fishland. No, I'm joking; I live in District 4. I'm 12 years old and about 4' 8'' (I know, I'm a punk-sized wimp). I go fishing every day, considering I'm from the fishing district. Today is reaping day; two of us will get picked to, essentially, go kill people in the Hunger Games. Even though we are typically known as a career district, I honestly don't think we are. We have had some winners before- more than others, anyways- but nothing compared to Districts 1 and 2. I usually wonder who our stylists are and what they have in mind for dressing our tributes in. One year they had the tributes wrapped in fishing nets, and they forgot to add armholes. Another year they had them in blue clothes with bracelets on their ankles and wrists that made bubbles. A smart idea, but the bracelets malfunctioned. They ended up exploding, and the tributes fell out of their chariot. This year we could win. Regardless of who is chosen, one of the older guys will step up as volunteer, with the intent of going into the games to kill everyone. We normally make alliances with the tributes from 1 and 2, yet most of the time they end up stabbing our tributes in the back (literally, not figuratively) and taking the prize. I have my name in only once this year. I think all of this as I'm walking to the boats. Most people don't fish on this day because of the reaping, but my Dad, older brothers and I do. My oldest brother, Steve, is 20, and therefore too old to be reaped for the Hunger Games. Oak, my other brother turned 19 yesterday (lucky him), and is also too old to be reaped now. I always help my brothers and dad with the boat since our mom died when I was 7. She died in an angry mob of people trying to start a rebellion against the Capitol. It didn't get far, though. The mob was a bunch of men and women who cut the fish that we catch. They took their knives and killed everyone in their way, including my mom, who was on her way home with groceries. After a long time on the water and a good load of fish, we head back home. I get ready for the reaping with a bath. I run my fingers through my dark hair, forcing it to stay down. I dress myself in a clean white shirt and a pair of black pants. As we head out, none of us say a word. Some of the older boys in the streets are boasting about how they will kill everyone. I'm not scared of being picked because I know it will never happen. I mean, District 4 is huge! There are thousands of kids here, maybe more; and it's my first year. How would I be picked? After a bunch of boring chatter, like a video about war and the annual reading of the Treaty of the Treason, the tributes are picked. The representative picking the names is a lady named Nilly Aromate. As always, she starts with the girls. She strides over to the girls reaping ball and picks out a name. "Sabarina Elmalock!" she calls boldly. Sabarina is girl I've seen around town with other girls. She is 12 like me, and in my class at school. And okay, I'll admit it; she's kinda cute, too. "Now for the boys!" Nilla says cheerily, walking over to the boys' reaping ball. There are a lot of names in that big, clear ball. She walks back up to the microphone and opens the slip with the name on it. "Aspen Jarvasan!" she calls loudly. My breath catches in my throat, causing me to choke. I was not expecting this. Where are all the guys who said they were going to "crush everyone"? Nilla calls for volunteers, but not a sound can be heard. I am called onstage to shake hands with Sabarina. Great, I think silently. At least I get to die with a cute girl! They then lead us into a small room where we can say our goodbyes when my dad and brothers come in, we say nothing just stare at the floor. They are probably the only ones I have to say goodbye to. The door opens and Sabarina's father he looks at me for a couple of seconds and then says, "Look after my Daughter ok?" Then he leaves. My first thought that was awkward. Then we're put on this magnet train and sent to talk to our mentor. Our menor is the famous Finnick Odair. "Hi I'm Finnick Odair your mentor" says Finnick with a welcoming smile. "Hello I-I'm Sabarina" Wait a second, is that a stammer? Did she blush? Finnick, no stealing my girl! "I'm Aspen," I say. I saw Finnick's Games on Television, as it was only 3 years ago. I thought it was cool to see him kill everyone with a trident. "So I have two 12 year olds this year," says Finnick. "You guys better get some rest, but we'll be watching the other reapings right now." "District 1's tributes are a muscular 18 year old and a 16 year old girl. District 2 was a 16 year old boy and a 17 year old girl, I believe her name was Lynianathin or something like that. The ones that stuck out to me was that girl from 12, a muscular boy from 7, A tall boy from 8, and a well built guy from 11." I say. Sabarina looks worried and nervous. Then Nilla walks in saying,"I have news! I have news!" "Sabarina and Aspen you are the only tributes from the ages 12-15 in this years Games!" She says this like she is happy for us, "Well Nilla, Yippy." The next day we arrive at the Capitol to a mob of strange people dressed like aliens. We find our floor with plush beds, television, and fancy chairs. I totally hate it. Nothing smells like dead fish, I love the smell of dead fish! I remember when I was little my dad came home with a huge fish and my mom started to cut it up. Then I said "Mommy." "Yes Dear?" she replied. "I don't like fish," I said "It stinks." "Haha" she said and smiled and ruffled my hair as she always did before she died. "It smells horrible but it means something to me." "Why?" "Because I was at a market buying fish when I first met your daddy" she said smiling as she looked off into her own little world as she said, "That day he asked if I wanted to have dinner with him that night and I said yes when I came over he was cooking something on the stove and he said, "On no the fish are burning!" "That night I had to cook with the dead fish I had bought and showed him how to cook with fish. Later we got married and had 3 young handsome men as children." she continued. Then she kissed my cheek and I ran to get the table ready. It wasn't very romantic but I loved it. I love fish anyways, it tastes good and I know like 9 billion recipes with fish. My mother taught me how to cook when I was young and know I love to cook. The room is nice, but I may bring in some fish to cook something just for . Maybe a fish creme brulee or a chicken rice and fish dish just for Nilla. I'm sure she'll love it. Today we are sent to see our stylists, the process for getting ready was horrible! They shaved your legs, pluck your nose hair pluck your eyebrows, wash you down, and then you think they are they see a small eyelash and jab you in the eye! They also talk too much do you know how many times I wanted to tell them to quiet down! At last I meet my stylist her name is AAlilian Crane. She said it was okay to laugh at her name she is wear a dark blue dress with a light blue vest that matched her sea blue lipstick and her ocean blue eyeliner and mascara. "I've always had District 4 because my mother was born there!" she said, "I also love the colors I have to work with if I have 4!" Ok she's a bit off her rocker but aren't most capitol citizens? I think I have a pretty good stylist. "Ok what you going to put me in for the parade?" "When I saw that I had two 12 year olds this year I had to alter the costume a bit, but trust me you'll love it." I still didn't know what my costume was when we were in the dressing room when AAlilian came in to the dressing room with my costume. It was a blue tunic with a crown and sandals. She said she got it from an old Greek storybook. Some creeper named Poseidon and his wife what's her face. He was lord of the sea and blah blah blah. When we got to the chariot our horses were dyed a mix of sea green, light blue, and a deep blue. "Why do they keep using blue?" I wondered. "The only thing that is blue is the water, everything else is gray, the fish, the boats, the houses!" I do have to say the did do an excellent job of making the outfit comfortable. They did something different also with the chariot. AAlilian said she asked one of the gamemakers, Seneca Crane if she could spiffy up the chariot and he said yes. "Who did you persuade him?" I ask "A good brother will always listen to his sister!" she says. "Sister?" Sabarina and I ask in unison. "Yes!" she says, "He loved the Games part and all that blah and I love the dresses and suits!" "So what did you enhance?" I ask. "The chariot has imagers on the sides and back of the chariot!" she said happily. "So what do they do?" Sabarina asked. "You'll just have to wait and see!" said AAlilian. Then Nilla comes charging at us! "WHERE IS CAPISKITINIUYA!?" Nilla screams. "He's probably somewhere drunk," she turns to Sabarina and says "Capiskitinuphhh phha oh whatever he was supposed to be your stylist but since he's drunk all the time I filled in for him so I'm district 4's only stylist!" says AAlilian. "You are doing a great job too AAlilian, I LOVE this dress!" Sabarina says and to show it off she gives a twirl. It is a blue one shoulder strap dress with designs of blue bubbles on the bottom and a lace trim. She also wore a pearl studded tiara on her head. Not too fancy just amazing... OK I've noticed yeash! "I'm honored to have such polite tributes!" she said and gave one of the horses a sugar cube. "YOU ARE GETTING YOUR HANDS DIRTY" screeched Nilla. "Seriously Nilla stop with the screaming and screeching it's giving me a headache" I thought as Nilla screamed, "Don't let it near me!" she screamed as