Jacob 's POV Why do I even try? I looked over at Bella who in front of me in the BMW SUV and Edward who was beside her. This was just a lovely day not to mention driving said SUV was that weird vampire pixie chick and her own personal blondie mate. I sunk down in my seat further, feeling my temper rise. I didn't want to fucking be here. If Sam hadn't pulled the whole This involves a human, we need to see that she's safe too card I wouldn't even be here. The human referral wasn't even Bella, the current girl I've been trying to get with which so far has proven unsuccessful. No this human girl was in Alice's vision and if me and the guys hadn't been there when she had the vision we never would have known. Unless Bella felt forthcoming with said information which I highly fucking doubt since she's practically Edward's lap dog. "She is not." Edward sneered from in front of me and I rolled my eyes, deeming his response not even knowledgeable I mean he already knew what I was thinking right? Alice pulled to a stop in front of a large plantation style white house. It had a wrap around porch with french doors and windows, all in all it was pretty nice. This is where Alice had apparently seen the vision taking place. The one were a girl was hunted down, found, and drained by Victoria, but that wasn't the weirdest part. After Victoria had drained her she had been more powerful, with strange abilities according to Alice. If they had killed the bitch before none of this would be happening. I mean seriously? Would it have been so hard to hunt her down before she became a threat?Not really but now because of their poor choices everyone else would pay the cost, because it was clear Victoria was coming and when she did, there would be hell to pay. I pulled my phone texting Sam that we had made it before sliding it back in my pocket and hopping out of the car. I turned around holding my hand out and helping Bella down to which I was rewarded a grateful smile. She was so small and fragile next to me, the need to always protect her felt so emanate. I fought the urge to brush a brown curl from her face and clenched my fist at my side as Edward got out wrapping an arm around Bella's waist. Alice turned to us and frowned slightly at Bella as if something were bothering her before she spoke. "Convincing the girl to come with us will be the hardest part but its clear she really isn't safe here. That's why if you feel her emotions getting wired Jasper you have to calm her down and help her see reason, and Edward you'll probably be best with proving that we're different. Bella will be good for making the girl feel safe, since Bella is human too and perfectly fine and the dog... Well maybe she'll think he's pretty or something." I growled and Alice threw me a pixie like smile before the sound of glass breaking, and a piercing scream broke free over the air and we were all racing forward throwing the door open with such speed and force it came off of its hinges. I expected to see Victoria, or some other trap we hadn't noticed. What I did not expect to see was a blond leech arguing with a brunette leech and by the look of things they had had just about enough with each other, or at least she had. "Peter, I can't handle this anymore!" She threw a chair and Peter ducked, I watched as it shattered against the wall and we all just stared a look of confusion on our faces. "I'm so fucking hungry! I could eat an entire city!" Her voice was a snarl and slowly her words trickled into my mind, a snarl rising in my chest. "What the hell was that you fucking fanger?" Bella put a hand on my arm but I shook it off, danger. My body was recognizing danger. That's all this leech was. But that's when a heard light footsteps from above and pounding down a staircase. I turned quickly readying for an attack and just stopped. Descending the staircase was a girl who was probably going to change everything. The world around me slowed down as I stared at her, my heart sped up as if it were trying to beat its way out of my chest. Perfection. That's what she was. I could almost feel a visible tug bringing her to me. Her light brown eyes reminded me of liquid amber. It was as if I was looking into a small shot of Hennessy. There were golden flecks sprinkled within them and a feeling of heat consumed me. Her hair fell down to her elbows in gentle blonde waves. Each strand was a pale silky blonde that made me want to run my fingers through it. I could feel my body tighten and my cheeks flush as I took in that she was damp and glistening as if she had been working out. Small running shorts adorned her legs and as my gaze traveled up I realized she was only wearing a sports bra the barely contained all of her chest. Look somewhere else, anywhere else. Her eyes. That's what kept calling back to me those beautiful light brown eyes. Imprint. That's what she was, she was my imprint. Holy shit. I had fucking imprinted. No, this isn't right. Or is it? "What the hell is going on?" Her melodic voice washed over me and I shook my head snapping back to attention. The leech looked up her red eyes narrowing at the girl on the staircase for a moment, but then she turned on us and a snarl rippled through her expression. She crouched down instantly in front of the girl who now looked irked. "Maurelle I can handle myself." She growled. But Maurelle didn't move she stayed where she was and Peter was at her side in an instance too. He stared us down his eyes roaming over everyone present. "Golden eyes." He murmured almost to himself before he looked up at Edward. "Friends of Carlisle perhaps?" He asked cocking his head to the side. Edward looked wry but nodded. Peter seemed to visibly relax but all I could think about is how I wanted those fucking leeches away from my imprint. His gaze traveled over us again but this time more worried and confused. "Is there a reason your here?" He asked. Maurelle looked between Peter and us confusion evident and she sniffed before straightening up her stance. "Who stinks?" She commented her nose wrinkling in distaste. I don't know why these stupid vampires kept insisting we stank when they were the ones who made me nauseous just by sitting in the same car as them. "Its probably you, dumb ass." I shot at her and the blonde girl weaved her way through them and down to the bottom step only inches away from me. I noticed then just how long her legs were. God she was perfect. But the expression on her face did not show the same admiration for me it seemed. "Don't you dare talk to my sister like that, or I will rip your vocal cords out and stomp on them in pretty high heeled boots." She spat. I took a step back as if her threat had actually hurt and just looked at her shocked. Wait, a vampire sister? Now my brow furrowed in confusion and I heard Bella speak next. "But your um, your human and she's obviously not." Bella cocked her head to the side. Usually vampires didn't exactly stick around with their old human families. It was too dangerous for the humans. But by the girl's expression she looked more offended than ever. She looked like we had called her something trashy. Her eyes blazed for a moment and she spoke between gritted teeth. "I am not a fucking human." Maurelle was at her side and grabbed her wrist gently pulling her back and whispering in her ear fastly and quietly. The girls expression ranged from irritated to thoughtful but back to irritated and she shrugged Maurelle off. "No I am tired of this shit. I did not escape The Great Seelie Wars and survive The Dark Days to be compared to some damn human." She said haltingly. Bella looked offended and she just cut her gaze to her. "Yeah, yeah I know human girl. The whole spill on how there's nothing wrong with being human, but I was born Fey, and we are somewhat proud creatures to say the least." Everyone was silent, Maurelle had apparently given up on stopping this girl and just sighed, "Shay, now is not the time for this." She looked back at us her gaze narrowing. "What do you all want? I'm assuming you didn't come for tea and niceties." I snorted at the thought of a vampire drinking tea but when my eyes traveled back to who I was assuming Shay was I felt conflicted. What the hell was Fey? "It's impossible." Edward said quietly he looked at Shay an odd shinning in his eyes as he took her in and he stepped forward. A snarl rumbled in my chest and a low keening growl came from Maurelle. All eyes snapped to us and Edward paused for a moment looking down at Shay. "How is it possible? We would have known if Fey really exist. You-" He paused before looking at her again and sniffing before continuing. "It was all folklore." He sounded dumbfounded and I was just fucking confused judging by Bella, Jasper, and Alice's look so were they. "Okay, would you feel deemed to inform us what the hell Fey is?" Jasper asked, a southern drawl prominent in his voice. I second that motion and Edward was about to speak before Shay cut him off. "I'm surprised you don't know." She said quietly. "Fey is what most humans associate as faeries. Which I suppose." She paused cocking her head to one side and then the other a thoughtful expression on her face. "Is true. Only we're not small little creatures with wings." She paused again, "Well we aren't all small little creatures with wings. In folklore we're usually portrayed as tricksters, sinister, and undeniably beautiful." A smile tugged at her lips and I could see she had sharp canine teeth for a human but not enough to be out of the ordinary I just really would never want to be bit by her. Well actually- "That is also true in some cases. The Fey are a bit of a larger secret then some other supernatural things, but the older vampires they know." She said quietly looking up at nothing in specific. "As do some of The Children of the Moon." The way she said Children of the Moon was cold and spiteful. "Most of us remain on Fey Lines or in the Seelie/Unseelie court. We're not as known to flock around the world and disperse like some other kinds." I had no idea where any of those places were but I still looked at her, trying to contain the affection that was shinning in my eyes every moment I looked at her it was like it grew. This infatuation was not healthy. Its an Imprint what the hell did you expect? My inner wolf snorted. "Why are you here then? I don't think this is any of those places?" I asked her. She looked over at me considering my question for a moment before speaking. "I have my reasons, for being here. None of which are your concern." She looked curious as she watched me, as if she didn't quiet know how to perceive